Today, June 14th, 2009. Could you soon use a turntable in Guitar Hero? Is Project Natal
actually a new Xbox console? And if one creator has his way, what video game might be the
next great sport? Orange Lounge Radio. Hello, everybody out there on the Internet, and welcome
to another week of Orange Lounge Radio, taping June the 14th, 2009. My name is Rob Roberts.
Joining me not tonight is the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers. She's actually
around. She didn't go on a vacation or anything, but she had school orientation some tonight
for her class, or I don't know what all's going on there, but I know she's school-related.
She'll be joining us partway through the show, hopefully. She's anticipating she'll be here
about 8.15 Pacific, which usually our show's still taping by 8.30, 8.45, so she should
be here for the very, very end. But that's all right. We've still got Tech Master Loki
here tonight. Yes, I'm here. The very busy Tech Master Loki. Yes, I'm moving. Yes, you've
been moving lately. How's that going? Sucks. Yeah? Yeah. But I don't know if the listeners
are aware, but you actually moved from an apartment to your house. Not a rented house,
but one you have actually purchased. Yes. In this very sad economy, you were actually
able to make it work. Someone else's misfortune turned into your gain. Thank you, Fannie Mae.
No, seriously, they had a really kick-ass loan deal, got like a really low interest
rate, and normally, buyers like us, because we're not putting down a lot of money, you
would have to pay mortgage insurance, which that raises your monthly payments by a couple
hundred dollars, which would price it out of range. However, they gave us a special
deal where we didn't have to have mortgage insurance, so we didn't. So it ends up now
our house payments are really about $60 more than what our apartment was. We're like, okay.
That's great. Wow. We can do that. I'm a little jealous, but see, I'm not married. I don't
have someone to share that type of income with. People say you can get a roommate and
so on and so on to make it work, but I just don't. It would be tough. It would be tough,
because what happens if you can't find one? That's the situation I find myself in. Or
if they leave, it would just be difficult. Our old buddy, Bobby Black Wolf, who tapes
before us live on Sunday nights at All Games Radio, where we start at six o'clock Pacific
but he starts at five o'clock Pacific, is in our chat room at chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
How much did I plug in that one sentence? He says, hey, I'm buying my first house this
summer too. I just got pre-approved for a mortgage. Congratulations. It's a good time
to do it, because that government program where you get eight grand back in your taxes
next year, that's putting a new roof on our house. Nice. That'd be awesome. Quick, anyone
want to get married? Buy a house with me? No, I'm just kidding. Oh my gosh. It's definitely
a time to buy. Now, bringing it back to video games, since that's what our show is all about,
is now your house. Are you doing anything special with the tech? I don't know necessarily
the games, because I know the wife is not a fan of games not called Excite Truck or
Bejeweled, but I know you were talking about something tech that you're doing with the
babies that are coming soon. We may do, like, I was thinking it would be cool to do video
monitors, because usually how you do a baby monitor that's audio or something like that.
But they had a commercial that I saw on TV, or like Home Depot or something like that,
where some guy was doing a project where he had video monitoring for their babies. But
having two of those, and we can do picture in picture on TV while we're watching TV and
stuff, you can see the two babies there. I don't know. That would probably be really
expensive and a lot of work for something that's kind of neat. But we'll see. Mainly
network stuff I'm going to have to run a bunch of networking stuff through our attic, because
I can't stretch a 50-foot Cat 5 cable anymore. It's going to be interesting to see how your
stories change once those babies are born. I'm very curious to see what's going to change
in the house of Loki. We'll see. Alright, but congratulations on the house. That's something
else. Thank you. I helped him move into it Saturday, because that's what friends do.
And it's a nice house. It's very similar to the one I rent, but I only rent it. You know,
with the hardwood floors, and the one bathroom and three bedrooms, and the bedrooms are a
little small. I have to put in those floors. Yeah, they're laminate. It's a particle board.
It's kind of like this desk. More comments from chat.orangelaunchradio.com. If you're
listening to us on All Games Radio Live on this Sunday night, please join us. Say hello.
Deekman says, you stream it. Or too creepy. I think that's a little too creepy. That'd
be boring. Who would watch baby monitors on YouTube? Well, I guess you'd be surprised.
And Toshan says, Loki, my neighbor has a video baby monitor. I could get info. I'm sure it's
easy to do, because it's just, I think it's just video. You probably wouldn't do audio.
And so it'd basically just be running the video line through the ceiling to wherever
you're going to watch it, I guess. Or they may even have it, you know, Wi-Fi, which would
make things even easier. They wouldn't have to run anything. Deekman in chat says, Loki,
get the angel care baby monitors. It beeps if the baby doesn't move. So it's advice from
another parent, because I know Deekman. Is that like the, what was it, everything's okay
alarm? Beep. Beep's not moving. That's scary stuff, though. But wow. All right. SSJ100Matt
says, I can think of a few people here who would watch it. That's a little creepy. I'm
sorry. Why would you be watching that when you can play games? Like doing it for a minute
to go, aw, how cute. I'll just put pictures up. It's like watching the kitty, like tons
of people on Justin TV do this, have the kitties on Justin TV. Like you'll watch it for a minute
and go, aw, it's cute. But like if you're watching it for like hours at a time, like
seriously, you need to just adopt a cat. There's many cats out there that could use a good
home. Yeah. Our cat did not like moving. But that's pretty cool that you have like, you
know, that we've been doing this show long enough and we have such an awesome listener
base that essentially the listeners are offing to babysit your children via Ustream. Well,
I don't know, that's. I know, it's not, it's no substitute for the real thing. All right.
We're going to get into our gaming weeks and talk about how is your gaming week. And you
know, if there was something you played at E3 that we didn't get to last week, because
I know there's a couple games I want to talk about tonight, feel free to get into that
as well. How was your gaming week, Loki? Honestly, I don't remember anything I played at E3. Like
people ask me, so what'd you play? Like, uh, stuff? No, I remember playing one thing I
played at Sega, was it Sega Rally All Stars or I don't know. It's some sort of like Mario
Kart with Sega characters game. And it was like Mario Kart with Sega characters game.
You know what's weird though? Is they have like commentators, which is odd. I was not
imagining commentators in that kind of game. Is that the game that's supposed to have like
Greg Proops as a commentator? No, no, no. That's Mad World. That's awesome. Oh, that's
right. Okay. That would be, that's already out. Why did I think that was a racing game?
I don't know, but hey, they want to come back and do commentary in that game. You know,
not changing up any of the language whatsoever. I might actually make that game good. No,
so I played that. I think that was like kind of on Thursday when I was just like, eh, I
don't know what I want to do, so I'm going to start playing some random games. I watch
people play a lot of stuff, but I don't know. This week I actually played, you know, more
Grand Theft Auto 4, because we play that every day. I played some Prototype, which is fun.
It's really underwhelming as far as graphics go. I mean, it's very plain looking, but if
you think about the developer of the game, they actually were the ones that did like
the Hulk, the Ultimate Destruction stuff. It's very simple graphics, but it's the same
type of gameplay where you can throw things in the stuff and just go crazy. You can absorb
people and take their life to kind of boost your health and stuff like that. When you
do that, it's just brutal. You'll just step on their face or knee them in the groin and
they just absorb into your body. It's just weird, but it's absolutely bloody. Most games
are just kind of that brown color. This is all red. It's just red everywhere, just blood.
It's awesome, but I haven't really played too much of it.
Yeah, the actual blood isn't that cartoony red. Like when you get a paper cut, it looks
cartoony red, but real blood is like...
No, people explode. It's just stained all over the street. I mean, it's just crazy.
Unless it's over the top, which it sounds like it is. See, and we get into the topic
we got into a few weeks ago, talking about Saw and that whole thing, where I can't watch
the Saw movies because it's too real for me. But when the violence is over the top...
Yeah, this is over the top.
Okay, I think that stuff is funny.
Like snapping people in half and stuff like that. It's just ridiculous.
Mortal Kombat, over the top, always has been.
You can grab somebody and just run into the ground with them. There was one that they
had in a video where he grabs a soldier, slams down into a building, jumps up again, slams
down to another building, keeps going down until he flies off the skyscraper, and then
slams it into the ground. Plus, you can do sprinting. It'll automatically do the parkour
stuff. So you can jump off buildings, running upside of buildings. Just absolutely crazy
stuff.
But being spoiled with games like Crackdown and stuff, where it actually looks pretty
and does most of that stuff, really there's no excuse for that. But hey, who cares? It's
fun. It's worth playing.
The other game I tried to play this week, and really pissed me off because once I found
out about this game, I'm like, oh, I gotta get this. Angry Berry, which is an XNA game.
It's basically Obama the game, the fighting, it's like a Final Fight type game. It's absolutely
ridiculous. The problem is it's broken on Xbox community games right now. You can download
the game and it won't boot up at all, and you waste money, which sucks. But Angry Berry-
Wait, don't these things have to go through like a-
Yeah, they should, and it pissed me off because it was working, so apparently he updated something
and it broke it. So now I paid for this and I can't play it, and it's really making me
sad because-
I'm actually looking at some footage of this here in studio off of YouTube.
It's absolutely ridiculous. You can pick up- the first level, you're apparently fighting
like old ladies, and then-
Yeah, cat ladies in Central Park. On the start of his quest, Berry runs into a bunch of old
dotties- went off the screen, let me roll it back a little bit- a bunch of old dotties
who have a much different idea of who should rule the world. As he continues, Berry is
haunted by a ghost from his past who may end his quest before it starts. And-
So basically the game's kind of funny because he runs around and he can punch things and
stuff like that, and he can punch people in the face, but he can also pick up stuff, like
unrealistically, like, you know, the park bench.
It just picked up a bench.
Oh no, it gets better. It gets better. He can pick up people by their heads, and then
he can also pick up, like, buses and stuff. It's just absolutely ridiculous. See, there-
he picked up a jogger and he's like trying to smash people.
Okay, but the- the caliber quality of this game looks like somewhere between NES and
Super Nintendo.
It's awesome, the way you can-
Somebody's running by yelling, have my baby, Berry. That's, uh-
Wait, wait, wait. Keep going until you get to the bus because that's hilarious.
Let me fast forward a little ways here, if I can.
He picked up the jogger.
Part of me wonders if this is, like, really disrespectful. I don't know. There's the bus.
This is awesome right here.
Bunch of old ladies getting out of the bus.
Old ladies and stuff.
They just picked up the bus and started smashing old ladies.
That's awesome. Right there. That was instant purchase for me. I'm like, I must buy this game.
And I did, like, instantly.
Problem was-
But it doesn't work. Well then how come it works in this little demo I'm looking at on YouTube?
I don't know, but there's a lot of people who have played it too.
But for whatever reason it's broken now. I get a code 4 error.
So they have a thing, actually. You report it to Xbox.com slash abuse, and there's a link to-
Normally it's for offensive stuff, but there's also a thing for if it's broken.
And so hopefully they'll fix it. It says I purchased it, and then I'll get to play it.
Ssj100matt in our chatroom, chat.orangewordancemedia.com wants to clarify,
when the fixed version comes out, you can re-download it and it will be okay.
You don't need to buy it again.
And it's Angry Berry, like B-A-R-R-Y, like Barack.
Not Angry Berry as in, like, Raspberry or Dingleberry.
Yes. Angry Berry.
And it looks awesome.
Interesting. Alright, anything else for your gaming week?
No, that's it for right now.
Alright, I want to talk about a few games that I played at E3 that I never got around to last week.
And one of them is Blur, which is a pretty highly anticipated racing game, obviously,
because it's coming from Bizarre Creations, who used to do the Project Gotham Racing.
And, you know, as you know, they're doing their own series now. Blur has been announced what it is.
And it's really not like Project Gotham Racing at all, which I could never really get into Project Gotham Racing
because it was a little too much for me. Like, I can't control the car right.
I'm too used to arcade racing games.
Besides, I have Need for Speed Shift now, if you wanted that.
Well, and the good news is, or, you know, the Forza series is continuing with Adam and all that.
Anyhow...
Well, Project Gotham, I don't know if that's still...
I'm sorry. Yeah, Project Gotham, I don't know if that's continuing, but...
I think it is.
Yeah. Anyhow, Blur is now, like, a realistic racing game, but it mixes that with the types of stuff you'd see in Mario Kart,
which I thought was actually kind of cool. Like, you know, the graphics obviously had a very electric feel to it.
I'm not just talking about, that's why, because you see that in the trailer,
but this very kind of, like, neon metal sort of look to it, like the blues and pinks and yellow,
like, not, like, over the top, like, 80s, but kind of that metallic look to it.
It's a very kind of neat, stylish-looking game.
And as you race around the course, you can, you know, race over these power-ups, just like you do in Mario Kart,
and they'll give you things such as a missile-type thing where you launch a red sphere at other cars in front of you,
something called, like, Barrage, I think it was called, or something where it was, like, a purple thing that you'd shoot out on the sides, essentially,
so you could push your way past somebody, and then, like, a bolt that would just send a random lightning bolt down,
and, of course, a nitro that would speed you up.
All these different types of power-ups in a Burnout-style arcade racer,
not where, like, you know, pile-ups and crashing cars is encouraged like it is in Burnout,
but that sort of, like, look and speed and feel to the cars to it.
And the way they had it set up at E3 is that they had, like, 20 Xboxes all networked together,
and everybody was essentially playing the same thing.
And I had a lot of fun playing it. I think it'll be a fun game on Xbox Live.
It's like Mario Kart, but more real cars.
So, and from what I am understanding, they're actually licensing real cars for this game.
Yeah.
So it's, like, real cars that shoot lightning.
So it's a little strange, but it was actually a heck of a lot of fun to play.
I think I'm going to pick up the whole thing when it comes out.
I don't know what you're thinking, Loki.
I know you didn't play it, but...
Oh, no, you did play it a little bit, didn't you?
No.
Oh, and, sorry, the Xbox broke when you sat down on the floor, didn't it?
The server crashed when I tried to play it.
That's right.
I hope it looked fun.
Some other games I played at E3 that I wanted to point out.
White Knight Chronicles, I think we touched on a little bit last week.
Yeah.
I didn't play it, but I watched Loki play it.
It looks like a lot of fun.
That's a role-playing game.
It looks pretty intensive, and I definitely want to check that out.
That's a good exclusive for PlayStation 3.
It is.
Especially if you're, like, the role-playing fan type.
Because it looks like it has the huge landscapes, kind of like Oblivion does, but it's more
of a third-person-oriented game.
It reminds me a lot of Final Fantasy XI.
Like, the landscape's very similar to that.
Really?
There's zones.
But not online.
This game was not online.
It's online, no.
You actually, well, you can play online.
You can play online with a party of a few people, and then you can do that.
Or it's AI.
And the AI actually is good.
They do what they're supposed to, and they're not doing retarded things.
So that's kind of cool.
But I think it is online, too.
So that might be fun.
I don't think I ever mentioned last week that I did try out Katamari Forever, which is the
new Katamari Damacy game on PlayStation 3 that takes some of the old levels and kind of repackages
them.
And there are some newer levels, too.
Like, for instance, I played a level where you were rolling around the Katamari, and
you would start in water.
And then as you rolled around, you lost water.
Kind of like, imagine your Katamari's a giant sponge.
And you're basically rolling it over dirt.
And as you roll over the dirt, flowers grow.
So the idea was you tried to paint so much of the ground with flowers and the time limit.
And then there's some secret, you know, the gal that was showing off the game was showing
me there's some secret areas where you can find more water so you don't have to run back
every time as you lose the water.
And that's kind of the strategy to get higher scores in that level.
So there are some new things in the game.
So Katamari Forever is not just a rehashing of the old stages.
The one thing that was cool about it is that they have different art styles.
There's very unique different art styles now that you can use.
Especially this whole, where it starts all in black and white.
And then as you roll over objects, those objects will be in color anywhere you see them.
Which I thought was kind of cool.
So some of these new art styles they're adding are making the game feel newer and certainly
it's not just like, oh, we're just going to repackage the same game on Playstation 3
and, you know, with widescreen and we're done.
You know, they definitely have gone back and done some tweaks.
At the end of the day, though, it is still a lot of the same levels, you know, and things.
So if you've owned every other Katamari game, well, heck, you're probably a big enough
fan of the franchise.
We're going to want to buy this anyway.
But I definitely had, in the few minutes that I was playing this, I already had more fun
playing it than I did beautiful Katamari on the 360.
Which I just never got into.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it was about that game.
Maybe it's just the controller of all things.
I just could not get into Katamari on the 360.
But the Playstation 3 one was fun.
They added a new game mechanic, too, where you can actually bounce, you actually basically
jump with the Katamari.
Which is a little unrealistic, but hey, I mean, rolling around, rolling up entire islands
in the earth is a little unrealistic, too.
You know, I don't like, the only thing I would change about Katamari is I don't like
the action that you have to do, the motion, to charge up your ball to do a little dash.
I think it should just be a button press, which would make things a lot easier, because
it's just a pain in the ass to kind of rock it back and forth to do that.
Yeah, you know, I didn't actually try doing that, the dash.
I was playing too much with the jump and the whole flipping.
I like to do the, you know, you click the buttons and it flips the ball around so you
don't have to spend the whole time doing a turn.
In the chat, Azure Edge is saying, in Japan, Katamari Forever is called Katamari Tribute.
Yeah, it's true.
It was a different name in Japan.
I believe it's already out over there.
It was fun.
I might pick it up.
I was under the impression, I don't know why, I thought this game was an arcade game
when I first saw it, like it was a Sony download game, but it's not.
They told me it is coming out on disc.
Yeah, that's what people thought, and it is coming out on disc.
So it is a full disc game, just in case you weren't aware.
One other game I think I wanted to mention, I'm looking at my notes.
Oh, Toy Story Midway Mania.
I never mentioned this game, which is, you know, Don't Write It Off is simply a child's
little shoot-em game.
This is one for Disney fans, which, you know, I know some of our listeners are.
It is just like the ride that they have at Disneyland and Walt Disney World.
They opened them both up this year.
It's pretty much the same ride where you sit in the cars and go around.
However, they have added new stages.
There's like a skee-ball type stage, and you know, some other little games.
And apparently it's the whole thing where as you play more and get more points,
you can unlock more mini-games.
But here's the funniest thing about it.
It is going to come with 3D glasses, and you can play the games in 3D,
just like you do on the ride.
So I think that's kind of funny.
Pretty cool.
Yeah, so I think this game is, you know, if you're a Disney fan,
for most people, especially you're really hardcore gamers,
you're going to look at this and go,
this is just another crappy Wii game with a bunch of, you know, little mini-games.
But I think especially like if you have kids, or you're just like a Disney fan,
and you have, like for me, it's the nostalgia of the ride
and being at Disneyland that really does it for me.
So it's cool.
It's a cool little mini-game collection.
The other one that I thought was kind of cool is a mini-game,
and it's kind of like Jenga, where you, like these little block structures
will appear, and like you load this cannon with a ball,
and then you kind of swing the Wiimote to throw the ball.
And then depending on like when and where you throw it,
you knock, you're trying to knock over as many blocks as possible.
Boom blocks, awesome.
Is it kind of like, yeah, it's kind of a rip off of that, I guess.
But I thought that was kind of fun.
So take it or leave it.
There you go.
All right, just so you know tonight on the show,
getting into some housekeeping a little bit,
we're going to try something new tonight with the show,
kind of just based on feedback and things we've been wanting to do for a while,
which is a little weird because Jamie's not here,
but she knows about it, and she'll get here probably halfway through the show
and be able to help out.
We're going to try something tonight, and it may or may not work.
First off, we're going to have the Skypline open all night long,
which I know we've done before to make success,
but one reason we think people don't usually call in
when we have the Skypline open all night long
is that we move too quick from story to story.
So since most of you guys that listen to the show already know the news
and kind of the main rundown of stuff that happened in the week,
I'm sure you read gaming blogs, you listen to other shows,
we want to expand a little more on having roundtable discussions
on a limited scope of stories.
Don't worry, we'll bring you the quick news too close to the end of the show,
but we're going to try focusing on in our Part A and Part B,
just like maybe six stories each segment,
that can kind of get a little more discussion.
So if you want to call in at any point during the show to add to the discussion,
you can always give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or of course you can always send us emails and so forth.
Of course our chat room, chat.orangelandraday.com,
is always available there as well.
And then of course we're going to spend a little more time in studio
talking about these different topics.
So let us know your feedback.
Of course, as always, mailbag at orangelandraday.com,
or our Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r,
or the Facebook group, the OL Army,
which we haven't really done anything with for a while.
We need to.
And yeah, so we're just going to open it up.
Less stories, more time on each story is basically what it boils down to.
So let's see what happens.
So I'll start off tonight with a news story
that kind of confirms something we heard about a while ago.
There was a trademark about this a little while ago
that spurred this whole debate I think we've had once before on the show.
But it was confirmed.
Nintendo will be launching a help feature inside of their games.
This story comes from USA Today's Game Hunter blog.
Game Hunter's blog, sorry.
And it's talking about how Miyamoto has essentially confirmed
that on New Super Mario Brothers Wii,
you're going to be able to pause the game if you're on a difficult level,
and the game can take over to complete the level,
and then you hit a button whenever you want to resume playing.
And the thought behind it is that if you have a younger player
or you have somebody who is newer to video games,
they don't get so intimidated by it.
Which, if you remember right, was Nintendo's whole thing in the first place.
The whole reason why they introduced the Wii in the first place was that,
hey, everybody knows how to use a remote control.
People get intimidated by game controllers.
Let's take that intimidation factor out.
But now they're talking about, oh, now they're going to take,
essentially, the challenge out of the game for those that want it.
And of course, as you can imagine, this is hugely controversial.
Moving on with the story, Shigeru Miyamoto did say in the interview
that there's going to be this demo play,
is what they're calling it, the tentative name of this, the demo play.
Here's the quote from the article.
Quote, in New Super Mario Brothers Wii,
if a player is experiencing an area of difficulty,
this will allow them to clear troubled areas and take over when they're ready.
And yes, we're looking into this for future games, too.
So it's the easy button.
Like in the Staples commercials, you hit the button,
and easy, you get your way through it.
Good thing, bad thing, Loki.
As I mentioned earlier, I know it's wrong to say this,
but this is completely gay.
And the reason why...
It does make me want to sleep with games of the same gender.
Exactly.
It does.
No, it's okay to have... I guess it's alright if they want to put this option in
to other games, like Zelda or something like that.
That makes sense, because you're playing it demo-wise,
you can learn more of the story and stuff.
New Super Mario Brothers for the Wii,
I can't imagine that has a story at all.
So really, you're basically taking away the only element of the game,
which is playing it.
And so, I don't know.
I can't imagine these games being that difficult,
and the fact is that you can actually just autopilot the whole thing
seems kind of retarded to me.
And also, in the same way people are defending it and saying,
well, this will allow you to be able to make the games more hardcore,
more difficult for those that want it,
and those that can't handle it, well, they can push the easy button.
But at the same time, why can't they just balance it,
put the effort into balancing the game,
so that you have it for the easy players,
and for the more experienced players?
Oh, I know, like effort.
No, let's just autopilot the whole thing.
That's even better.
Okay, but what about the argument,
and this is the first thing I think of too,
and I see AlphaCananagram going to it in chat,
don't use it.
You don't like it, don't use it.
I don't care, it's just insulting that it's there in the first place.
I mean, because really, the message that comes across with that
is not that, oh, we're trying to help players.
Maybe like Devil May Cry or something like that,
or a game that's been notably insanely hard all the time.
Maybe something like an easy mode for that or something,
but not necessarily something that just plays the game for yourself.
I don't know, I think the better option should be something more approachable
as far as an easier gameplay option or something like that,
an easier difficulty so that those people...
you can take those portions of the game that are going to be frustrating out of it
or make them easier on this new difficulty.
I'm supposed to give you a slap on the wrist for calling it gay, by the way,
from the chatters.
Whatever, you know.
Obviously, he doesn't mean harm by that,
or I would, you know, I'm gay.
I'd kick his ass if I thought he actually meant malice by that,
but it is one of those things where I think the reason why you say that
and even why I allow you to say that
is because Nintendo does have that whole happy, sunshiny, rainbow, clouds.
If you think back to the old meaning of gay,
it does have that very...
You know what I mean?
It has that feel to it that Nintendo is all sugary sweet to it.
It's not even really entirely Nintendo's fault.
I put blame on society for this, too,
because nowadays it's not about, you know...
It's about everybody participating and everybody's a winner
because they've participated.
That's great, except you're not participating.
You're just pushing a button and the game's doing it all for yourself.
So now that you've seen the end of the game,
what's really going to entice you to go through it?
I mean, on your own.
It's not.
And it really just sends home the message that
Nintendo doesn't really give a crap about the core game.
I mean, they do in a certain sense,
but at the same time, really, their console is for the younger audience
and, well, we're making a few games for you as well.
Let me read some comments from chat.
And if you have a thought on this, too, give us a call.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Is this making games too easy? What's going on?
Some other comments from chat here.
And this is one I agree with.
There's a gold anthro in chat that says,
you will have the temptation to use it.
That's the problem.
And for me, that might make me a little nervous, too.
But let's go to the phones.
We have a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
And wouldn't you know, like, the first call we take,
it doesn't work.
Didn't use the easy button.
That's right.
Your call needs to be automated.
Can I please pause the show and hit the button?
No, all right.
Here's the thing.
I'm also surprised that this was not launched in the Zelda type of game.
And I kind of get it for that.
But I kind of agree with what GameGuru is saying in chat.
It's a Super Mario Brothers game.
If you can't play, you may as well give up gaming.
I don't know. Let's see.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Gold Anthro, actually.
Oh, Gold Anthro.
I just read one of your comments a minute ago.
What are your thoughts on this?
Is this making games too easy?
I think it is.
Because, you know, people say,
don't use it if you don't want to.
Like, if you don't want to use it, don't use it.
But there's that temptation.
Ah, sorry.
There's a temptation that people will use it because it is there.
I mean, if there's no reward for not using it, I'm sorry.
I got my family yelling at me.
You know what I mean.
There's going to be that temptation.
No, that's okay.
That's kind of where I feel, too, is that it gives that temptation.
But I'm trying to look at both sides of this.
I really am.
The Wii is that family-friendly, even your...
I'm going to let you go, Gold Anthro, but thanks for the feedback.
Wii's got that very family-friendly soccer mom,
let the seven-year-old play Image to Preserve.
You know, a feature like this kind of makes sense for a system like that.
I don't think it does.
The problem with Nintendo and a lot of the game publishers
and a lot of the companies out there that are producing consoles is this.
They're making the consoles and the games more approachable
to people that don't play games,
but people are still not biting on them,
and so they're like, why are they not?
Let me take another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, it's Sterlok.
Hi, Sterlok.
What do you think about this whole Nintendo easy mode
or what they're calling it demo mode?
Is this a good idea, bad idea?
I think it's a great idea.
I'm blind, and this would be awesome for something like Zelda
because I just like to walk around and just dick around.
If I want to get further, it's really easy to just turn this thing on.
I think it's a great idea.
You're saying that you're blind
and that you have probably problems with certain other games.
Do you find Zelda to be too hard the way it is now?
You probably kind of learn to deal with that
as you're playing with the video games, right?
Yeah, since I'm totally blind, I just play with sound.
Are you the same one that sent us e-mails before
on some of these subjects about some of the music games?
Okay, yeah, I remember you.
I guess here's kind of my thought.
That's a very good thing I wouldn't have thought of before
is that maybe it makes some of these games more handicap accessible,
certainly, if there's something a little too difficult.
But you've kind of come all this time gaming with that.
So why now for this?
Well, the main thing for me is progressing in the game itself.
That's the big thing for me, why I think this is such a good idea.
If I want to get further in these games, other than just walking around
and just doing a bunch of nothing,
I would have to get someone else to basically do it for me.
Sturlock, have you had games, a lot of games, where you hit that brick wall?
Yeah, because I'm big into RPGs.
Basically, I'm sort of restricted to just walking around
and finding random battles, which I like.
But if I want to progress in the story, not a whole lot I can do about that.
Well, Sturlock, I really appreciate the insight
and giving us another angle we may not have thought of otherwise.
So thank you very much, Sturlock, and you have a good one.
You too.
Definitely something I wouldn't have thought of before.
What about folks who might have something where they can't?
But maybe this speaks to a greater thing about making games
more handicap accessible to begin with,
and maybe this just isn't the way to do it. I don't know.
Then if that's the case, then how noble of Nintendo.
However, I don't think that's why they're doing it.
I would agree.
It's a perk for folks, but it's not the reason.
It's okay. We've made the games easier.
We've made the system that's more approachable for gamers
or people who have never played a game in their life before.
But the problem is still there's people out there
that they have not been able to capture yet
that aren't interested in the games, and they're trying to figure out,
why is that?
Oh, it must be that they're still too hard.
They're still too difficult.
Let's put this feature in that allows the game to play itself
in case they get stuck.
That's great, but you know what?
Getting that feature out there to a consumer that's not playing games,
I'm pretty sure they're probably not up to date
on everything that's coming into a certain game.
They're probably not going to know about it anyways.
And it's really just a waste of time,
because I don't think it's really going to accomplish
what they're hoping that it will accomplish.
Let me read a few more things from chat,
and then we'll move on with some more stories tonight.
I wanted to read some of these comments.
Azure Edge in chat says,
I thought all of this was just when you pause,
a movie comes up showing you how to do it,
but when you resume the game, you start off where you were at.
And perhaps that was in the original trademark.
I would have no problems with that.
That's fine.
If they're giving you tips on how to play the game,
then yeah, that seems very fair,
because that way they're helping you along,
but you actually have to do it.
And I do encourage that.
Let me read that quote again from Miyamoto.
In New Super Mario Brothers Wii,
if a player is experiencing an area of difficulty,
this will allow them to clear troubled areas
and take over when they're ready.
So, very interesting.
So yeah, that does not sound...
Let's take one more call, because we've got another call.
Hi, you're on Ornson's Radio. Who's this?
This is Spazinator.
Hey Spazinator, quickly, is this a good idea or a bad idea,
the demo mode?
A bad idea.
For a couple reasons.
First, although Nintendo is not coming out and directly saying it,
they're kind of implying that gamers are stupid.
They have to handle gamers to get them to finish the game.
And you've got to remember,
at least back in the original NES game,
they were scared towards the kids.
They were playing really, really difficult games on there,
like Kid Icarus, for one.
Games like that were really difficult.
People loved those games, even though they were difficult.
And a lot of people take pride in the fact
that they played these really difficult games
and ended up beating them.
For me, I feel that if a game is too easy,
you tend to lose interest in it.
Thank you very much, Spazinator, for the input.
We're going to talk about this a little bit,
but I'm going to go ahead and let you go for now
when we move on to other topics.
Some of what Spazinator is saying,
he kind of compares to the older games,
and a lot of people are very fond of those games.
When I think about this easy mode,
yeah, it's making games more accessible
to 7-year-olds and 10-year-olds,
but then I think back,
okay, when I was 10 years old,
I was busting my way through Kid Icarus,
which was one of the hardest games ever.
But at the same time,
I don't think the classic Nintendo
has penetrated the marketplace
the same way the Wii has.
I mean, the Wii is just huge. Huge.
There's a lot of problems,
and it's a lot of just stuff that right now,
it's society.
Basically, the games out here now,
if you're going to put out a lot of games
that you're trying to make accessible
for a 7-year-old,
and they're really super-duper easy,
yeah, you may get them interested in playing games
and they may think that they're all awesome
because they're able to finish these games,
but at the same time,
is that really making the 7-year-old a better gamer?
I mean, later on down the line,
are they going to be any better?
I think if you have to play a harder game
and you actually stick with it,
which is something we should be teaching our kids anyways,
sticking with something instead of,
oh, I can't do it, I quit.
I mean, that's really, I think, more important than anything
because then that way,
they learn to play the harder game,
they feel the accomplishment of finishing said hard game,
and then that makes them a better gamer overall.
All right, one more chat comment,
then we'll move on to the next story.
Deep Man in chat says,
also, I would probably use it when playing Zelda.
I love the series and the plot of the games,
but it just can't seem to focus.
But if I can progress quickly
without breaking the flow of the story,
then please hook me up.
This could be an interesting perspective,
and this is, you know, again,
where I almost support this feature in games like Zelda.
I'm not sure how I feel about it in, like, a Mario game,
but an adventure game like Zelda,
jury's still out for me on this whole thing.
I can be swayed either way.
I need to see it in action.
But for the Zelda games, I kind of sympathize.
I am such a short attention span gamer sometimes
that sometimes I don't want the challenge.
I want that story.
I want to watch the whole thing unfold.
Do you know how many games sit on my shelf
that I haven't beat
because I quickly move from one game to the next?
Like, I don't know.
I wish there almost sometimes there was a way.
I could just go back and finish them all.
But I don't know.
And that's great, but I don't think New Super Mario Bros.
has a story.
I'm pretty sure it doesn't.
So there's really no point.
And on top of that,
stop trying to develop technology to demo actual games
and give us stupid demos, for God's sake.
Seriously, it'd be nice to have demos for, I don't know,
Virtual Console, WiiWare, actual games.
That might be nice so I can know
if something's a stinker or not before I buy it.
Oh, that's right.
You wouldn't want that
because then there goes all your sales
when people realize that these games suck.
But just one more thing I wanted to throw out there
is that, again, in the whole adventure games,
when I get stuck, I go to gamefacts.com.
How much different is this
than having to look up the FAQ to get...
Like, for instance, playing Final Fantasy IV,
the after years, which was a game I continued on with this week.
You know, I got into this...
I was going through this one cave, the Devil's Road,
which is like, you know, you go from warp point to warp point,
and then you get in this one room that's like a giant maze,
and I was just like, God, I don't want to do another maze.
I want to get to a save point.
I want to go eat a burger
because that's just where I was at that point.
So you know what?
I loaded up Final Fantasy Wikia,
and there was a whole little map on how to get through that room,
and I just did it, and I was like, yay.
Exactly. That's fine.
That's okay, but see, you're not relying on...
I mean, to get you through a certain point,
it's just helping you out.
It's not saying, okay, you know, you need to do this,
or, you know, here, let me do this for you.
It's just saying, you know, here's what you need to do.
Go do it.
All right.
And that's fine.
That's just like saying, you know, hey, Rob,
I'm stuck in the Zelda game.
You've gotten past this point.
What am I supposed to do?
It's just like that, and there's no harm in that
because you're still having to do it.
It's just giving you a tip.
How often did you...
I know like many years ago, like in high school and stuff,
how often did you do that?
Like, your friend would be playing the game.
I can't get past this part.
Give me the controller.
Okay, there you go.
Exactly.
Why isn't Nintendo just bringing back the Nintendo tip line?
I mean, they can make more money that way.
Get some game counselors on staff.
There you go.
All right, let's move on with some more news.
All right.
Well, some other interesting stuff,
more in the music gaming platforms,
but we've got Neversoft talking about possibilities
of adding the DJ Hero turntable support
for future Guitar Hero games.
Now, that makes kind of sense if you think about it
because Guitar Hero 5, really, they're pushing that,
hey, you can play in any band setup whatsoever,
if it be four drummers, three guitars a singer, whatever.
So maybe later on, they can add DJ support as well.
They said they would have liked to have worked it into
Guitar Hero 5.
Unfortunately, Guitar Hero 5 ships in a few months,
and it's a few months before the DJ Hero thing comes out,
so maybe later on, they'll add it in there.
But it says it sounds like a great idea.
I don't think it's a great idea.
I mean, I don't think they're going to do it,
but it sounds like a cool idea.
I think, if anything, if they're going to have that type of stuff,
it's just going to be maybe tracks that you can download on DJ Hero,
but I'll have the guitar and DJ element in there.
And if you have an opinion on this or any other story we're going through tonight,
1-877-GAME-OLR is the number to call,
or our chat room is chat.orangelaungeready.com.
But this makes me think about, I was playing rock band this weekend.
You were over, we were checking out rock band,
and I don't have room for a turntable on top of all the other crap
that rock band, rock band, Guitar Hero, whatever,
same thing these days, right?
Well, not really, but same peripherals these days, right?
I don't have room for a turntable and somebody else to see the TV
on top of all that other stuff.
I mean, that is almost, in a way, like too much stuff.
I think it's one of those things, it's a nice idea in theory,
and it enhances the value of these peripherals
that we're dropping so much money on,
but then I also think, how many songs really are going to make use out of this?
How many turntable, rock hybrid songs can you think of?
Besides, like, Walk This Way by Aerosmith and Run DMC?
Well, there's a lot of, like, the Linkin Park stuff and stuff like that,
maybe Korn or something.
Okay, good point.
But, yeah, it's a minority of the songs that are out there,
and really, it's something I think that they would just support it
with more tracks that are available through DJ Hero.
And because DJ Hero is really about mixing music together,
this would be more of kind of like adding a little triangle
or something like that to Guitar Hero.
It just, it wouldn't really be a big focus instrument for it
unless they really went and did something.
At that point, why would you bother doing that?
Because you can't, I don't know, it'd be a lot of support for a game
that they could just add more support to the existing DJ games
to just get people to buy that instead,
and there's no real point to have to support it anyways.
You know, I still say you're going to be so limited with this, though.
Okay, on my rock band, I have rock band two, rock band one,
and I've got to have at least 40 to 50 download songs.
I mean, I have a lot of download songs.
I've given that company a lot of money, but they've earned it.
A lot of fun nights there with rock band.
Sometimes, when I have friends come over to play the game,
they get up ready to sing, they scroll through the list
and scroll and scroll and scroll and go,
I can't really sing any of these songs.
And I don't know how you guys do it when you play rock band,
but I know that we let the singer always pick the song
because they've probably got the hardest role.
You know, guitar is pretty much the same, and drums are pretty much the same,
and I assume turntable would be pretty much the same
no matter what song you're choosing, but it's always up to the vocalist.
And again, how much variety are you going to get
if there's only like ten songs that are going to support the turntable and all this?
It seems like, while it's a nice enhancement,
it seems like effort that could be better spent somewhere else.
And the only thing I could see, here would be a good idea.
You would take a game, I don't think Guitar Hero is the right game for it,
I think Band Hero would be the right game for it,
because Band Hero is going to be more pop music,
that has a lot more turntable stuff in it.
Wait, there's actually a separate game called Band Hero?
Yes there is, it's basically like Lego Rock Band,
because Lego Rock Band is going to be more pop music.
They had a demo, or they had a trailer for it at E3.
I know, I remember seeing that trailer, I thought that...
No, that's...
Okay, call me stupid, laugh at me, I don't care,
but I thought that was kind of like Guitar Hero 5's name.
I thought it was the same thing.
Nope.
I thought they were just finally admitting,
oh hey, Guitar Hero is not really a guitar game anymore,
so they're calling it Band Hero.
I thought it was Guitar Hero 5 Band Hero.
Band Hero now is basically the pop, easy, family-friendly game or whatever,
and they're going to have bundles and fun stuff for that.
But I think that would be more appropriate for Band Hero,
because then you could say have a download thing that adds DJ support in,
if you have DJ Hero, or hey, if you want to be interesting with it, I guess,
and since they don't really sell the instruments by themselves at the turntables,
maybe if you have a DJ Hero save file or something like that,
it detects it and it will allow you to play those games.
Or maybe if you have, say, songs available,
like download content or something that's Guitar Hero and DJs,
that you can play it in Band Hero.
Let me go to the phones.
We have a call here on our Skype line.
Hey, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Dan Shadow.
Hey, Dan Shadow.
What do you think of this whole thing, the turntables in Guitar Hero
and Band Hero and all this?
That wasn't really what I called it, but I just wanted to try it out.
Isn't it the new Guitar Hero game, or was it Rock Band, Beatles,
that lets you play multiple instruments in replacement of other instruments?
That's like Guitar Hero 5.
Yeah, because you were just mentioning the lead singer always rolls through
whatever song they want and then, you know, it's like they play guitar
and then no one wants to sing.
I just think it's a good thing.
The call is cutting in a little in and out.
I think we have a bad connection, but I kind of get the point there
that Guitar Hero 5 is kind of letting us do this more enhanced band thing
where if nobody wants to sing, then great.
We'll have two people play guitar.
Of course, that's more peripherals.
Hey, at this point you probably have enough.
Yeah, tons of people own them at this point.
You probably have enough, and hell, friends bring them over.
I guess that's probably not going to be the problem.
I can't see four drummers, but, you know, sure, why not?
Yeah, I just wanted to chime in and say that's the biggest problem I have
when I play Rock Band is that everyone wants to play one song.
The singer doesn't want to play this song or whatever.
Well, that's what I wanted to chime in on.
Go ahead and keep on with your DJ conversation.
No, hey, no worries, and don't worry.
We are experimenting with a new format tonight,
so if you want to call in while we were talking about stories,
it's perfectly okay if folks kind of want to go back a few steps within the story.
As long as somebody doesn't call in to say,
hey, I want to talk about Doom while we're talking about Guitar Hero,
we will have a space at the end of the show for folks
that want to call in on any topic in the open bar.
Thank you very much, Dan. Have a good night, okay?
Have a good one, guys.
The other thing I think they should do also,
but I know they're not going to because they're going to exclude people that way,
is they should have songs that require, okay,
this song has two drummers and a DJ in it or something like that.
Unique things. You can have the songs.
Just like DJ Hero is doing, they're going to have ten songs
that you can play guitar and DJ together.
Well, let's have some songs that you can do,
like say a DJ and then maybe two drummers and a singer or something.
Something really ridiculous.
It seems a bit much, but I think you're going to see some of these challenge things
in Guitar Hero online.
Here's a challenge. Do this challenge with four guitar players or something like that.
I think that's where you're going to see something like that,
but hold songs just for that.
But all it really is is people playing together.
It's the same thing. It's not like they're actually playing different parts.
If you do four guitarists, unless someone picks bass,
it's just going to be the same notes coming down.
All right, TigerClaw in our chat.
chat.orangelaunchradio.com is saying quite a bit about this.
Very curious about what the Armin van Buuren DJ game is going to be like,
which was oddly silent at E3, as was Scratch,
although now we're starting to see videos of Scratch be released this week and more.
I've already seen them.
Very interesting.
I want to read this comment from TigerClaw at chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
Adding guitars to a live DJ set or any other instruments
would make the mixes sound more lively.
I've heard a couple of live DJ sets that have live violins,
guitars, and all sorts of other instruments in the background,
usually when you hear a big trance tune accompanied by a guitar
during a breakdown or a buildup.
I think a violin in a music game would be awesome.
But when I read that, isn't that more going the other way,
putting guitars in DJ Hero, which they're already talking about doing?
Yes, and they are.
I think that's a cool idea as well, but it's kind of the other way.
It's putting guitars in DJ Hero because you're saying you're adding guitars.
But, to be fair, a very interesting line that's being blurred.
Would it be interesting if some of these songs were in both?
That would be cool, and another cool thing would be
you could have an option that there's ten songs in Guitar Hero 5
that have DJ support on, so you all play as a band,
but at the same time, the DJ is remixing the song,
just adding beats and stuff to it.
That would be kind of cool.
Not something I think that they're going to do this time around,
but it will be cool in the future.
Sure, we're spending $120 on this game and a controller,
so I'd hope I'd be able to use it in as many things as possible.
We have the time dilation dude in chat says,
again, we need more cowbell.
That's true, when are we just going to get cowbell in these games?
That's what we're waiting for.
WeMusic has cowbell.
Well, cowbell and that, but like in Rock Band and stuff like that
where you can play the cymbals.
Tambourine, sometimes it's a cowbell noise.
Yeah, they should actually have cowbell.
Kay Levster in our chat asks, is DJ Hero really going to work?
I think it's going to be fun.
I think it's going to be a fun game too, and it looks a lot of fun from the previews.
I already got my order in.
I mean, good thing, because I'm all about Rock Band.
When it comes down to Rock Band vs Guitar Hero,
right now I am totally in the Rock Band camp.
I think it's the superior game.
But, good thing for Activision, I'm highly interested by DJ Hero.
I think it could be a good thing.
And that has nothing to do with my prior obsession about BeatMania 2DX.
If you're still saying, wait for the reviews, wait for the reviews.
When the reviews come in on this game,
if you see reviewers comparing DJ Hero to BeatMania 2DX,
they are morons.
The games look completely different,
unless, granted, they quantify it with what makes them very different,
because the games are very different.
If you want a game that's like BeatMania 2DX, you're going to play Scratch.
I mean, because that game is 2DX with better scratching.
That's all it really is.
And that's the kind of thing.
I want to play both, because DJ Hero is more about mixing music together,
which I like doing, and Scratch is more about scratching.
It's really got the ability to do different techniques and stuff in there,
and really kind of make the songs your own,
instead of just kind of following note charts and stuff like that.
But, yeah, in the end, Scratch is basically 2DX with better scratching.
And DJ Dark Knight in chat says, G4 will, just you watch.
Oh, I have no doubt.
That's especially who I'm targeting that statement as.
So if you're the person that writes the reviews that Morgan and Adam,
or whatever their names are, read on X-Play,
do not make that mistake.
Like they did when they reviewed BeatMania on the PlayStation 2
a couple years ago, saying it ripped off Guitar Hero.
BeatMania's been around since 1997?
Guitar Hero's been around since 2005?
Well, if you need any evidence that it's really image first,
and then knowledge second on G4.
One of the hosts, I don't even know of what show,
because I don't watch G4, but she's a Perian playboy,
and she's promoting it on G4, so they get the cross-promotion there.
But just because she's a pretty face to look at, that's about it.
Well, remember, G4 is not a gaming network.
Not anymore?
Well, they haven't been for quite some time.
We just need to remember, they are a network that caters to boys
that have some gaming-related shows.
They make a big presence at E3.
I mean, they have their booth, and they run around and act goofy.
But you know what?
Sadly enough, I think Spike covers games better than G4.
Well, because Spike is for big boys, and G4 is for little boys.
Isn't that the way it's supposed to break down?
And boys who like reality TV, like cops and cheaters.
Not little boys, but you know what I mean?
It's more for the teen and 21-ish audience, you know what I mean?
It's G4's for frat dudes.
That's what G4 is for.
G4 doesn't really know what kind of a network it is.
It's just experimenting to see what sticks is really what it is.
Now, Deep Man says the E3 coverage is pretty good.
And I do know people that will watch G4's E3 coverage.
You know, and to be fair, they are like the only network
that's making a 24-7 practically presence at E3.
So I would actually almost agree, they probably do cover E3 better than anyone,
because they devote so much time to it, you know?
Yeah.
So, all right.
Xenocore in chat wants to clarify something, by the way.
It's Olivia Munn. I don't know how we got on the G4 tangent,
but it needs to stop.
Yeah.
No, that's all right.
Just one last comment.
Xenocore in chat says it's Olivia Munn, and she's not posing nude.
Half the otaku geeks in the world are going to experience nerd rage.
So, we'll see.
Well, here's, look, we were talking about, you know,
things we're really not interested in anymore.
This just makes me think Guitar Hero, think even less of Guitar Hero,
is Guitar Hero Van Halen.
Look, I mean no disrespect to Van Halen, who obviously is one of the great,
you know, a great, great band, even though they go through singers
like Toilet Paper.
The thing about Guitar Hero Van Halen is just that when I watch it,
and you could watch it at E3 if you knew where to look at Sony's booth,
as opposed to Activision's.
When you watch it, you just can hear the cash cow mooing
when you're watching the game.
It's re-skinned Guitar Hero Metallica. It's all it is.
And some more stories about this game that are coming out this week,
just don't even make me feel that much better about it.
Rolling Stone made a report earlier this week saying that
apparently the game is exclusive to David Lee Roth as the lead singer.
So, if you're expecting to hear like Right Now or something else
out of the Sammy Hagar era, too bad.
It's exclusive to the David Lee Roth era, which, you know,
I'm sure many music fans would care to argue that Van Halen really was
David Lee Roth and everything after that was just, you know,
them trying to hold on.
But, I don't know. They had some decent songs with the other lead singers.
It kind of also makes you go,
okay, well, how long was David Lee Roth really with them?
So, where are they going to get all their songs from?
And sure enough, if you start to kind of look at the song list,
you know, while if you were a fan of Van Halen back in the 80s
and David Lee Roth was around, you're going to be happy.
There's, you know, a lot of room for those that have been following
Van Halen later on, think the game could improve.
So, and yes, as Marissa in chat says,
it's Van Halen, not Van Hagar.
And that, by the way, is exactly what Activision was quoted saying at one point.
It's definitely Van Halen and not Van Hagar.
Interesting.
But I got to be honest.
Again, I'm just, I'm not really an interesting guitar hero of Van Halen.
If I was a hardcore Van Halen fan, I'd be all over this game.
You know, just like, I don't expect probably any of our listeners bought Sing Star Abba,
but I did, because I like Abba, and I'm not ashamed to admit it.
But I'm probably, you know, again, Sing Star Abba probably, what was it?
It was just really a 25-song expansion pack for Sing Star.
There's not a damn thing new or special about it.
You know what I want?
They don't even pretend.
I want Guitar Hero Huey Lewis and the News.
That's some good music there.
How about Guitar Hero Rick Roll Edition?
There's really only one song to play in it.
That's what we're moments away from becoming.
Or Guitar Hero Kenny Loggins would be pretty cool, too.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, there you go.
Van Halen is, Guitar Hero Van Halen, not a game I'm very interested in in the future.
Or hell, I'd just settle for some download content with those artists.
I mean, that would be fine.
And that's another thing, too, with Guitar Hero.
I mean, I'm glad that they put out, you know, download content I think about every week.
I'm not really sure.
But a lot of these things could easily just be, I don't know, available for download.
It's just like Rock Band, where they do the full album downloads and stuff like that.
I mean, they could easily turn one of those into another game.
Hey, let's take a full album, or a couple full albums of somebody, and let's add some other artists that they may have played with.
And done. Game.
And that's how they basically get the Guitar Hero artist games.
But really, yeah.
Granted, there's the Beatles Rock Band, but that's completely different.
I mean, they changed up the whole style of it, and it's a different kind of type of gameplay.
And then there's also Lego Rock Band, which is a little bit kind of a whoring of the franchise.
But I mean, it is more family-friendly, and it does look completely different.
And they're going to have a different type of music in there.
But yeah, you know.
Have they said, and I, you know, this is probably even something we've covered on the show, but I'm just so out of it.
Lego Rock Band is independent of the, oh no, I remember this guy brought up.
Lego Rock Band's list, you can't import it into the other games, can you?
Nope, different publisher.
That's right, because all the, yeah, I remember this.
This came up last week.
But I don't know if I'm really interested in Lego Rock Band.
I don't think I am.
Beatles Rock Band, I'm all over that shit.
That game looked amazing.
And I'm not even a hardcore Beatles fan.
I don't even think I've ever owned a Beatles album.
I like to, you know, obviously I think John Lennon was a great man, as were, you know, all the Beatles.
And you know, especially they do a lot of great humanitarian work now.
They have timeless classics, and you know, you hear the songs, they're just so embedded in our culture.
You can't help but not, but the game just looked like, wow, this is not just a cheap re-skinning.
Somebody really sat down at a table and thought, okay, how do we make, like not just how do we slap the Beatles in this game,
but how do we make a game about the Beatles in this franchise?
That's what really kind of made that game special.
It's effort, it's level of effort.
It's not just, okay, we took out Metallica, put in Van Halen, done.
Whereas I think Lego Rock Band was, okay, let's just slap Legos in Rock Band.
Yes.
Make it a family friendly franchise.
That is about as much effort as, you know, the Guitar Hero Van Halen.
But you all give it to them because that's one game, that's not like Guitar Hero Metallica, Guitar Hero Smash Hits,
Guitar Hero Van Halen, Guitar Hero 5, Guitar Hero Band Hero.
Guitar Hero Aerosmith.
Guitar Hero Aerosmith, well that's, I'm talking about this year basically.
Oh, okay, sorry.
I mean, you know, Guitar Hero for the DS, which just came out, On Tour 3.
Guitar Hero, which you'll probably have an On Tour 4 by the time we get to November.
It's just, it's too much.
Too much in one year.
I mean, God, space this stuff out.
Add it as download content.
Thank you for, you know, allowing the World Tour downloads to be available in Guitar Hero 5.
Unfortunately, you can't import the whole Guitar Hero World Tour, you know, song list into Guitar Hero 5 like you can with Rock Band 1 and Rock Band 2.
And assuming that it all stays the same, Rock Band 3, which you just build one continuous big song list, which I think is a great idea.
Do you think we'll get Rock Band 3 next year?
Maybe.
I think we will get Rock Band 3 because they're going to do three-bar harmonies in Rock Band and they may add some different stuff into it.
Who knows?
But I think there will be a new one next year.
I'm still hoping for a keyboard someday, but I know, fat chance.
Fat chance.
Alright, we're about an hour into tonight's show, so let's move on.
We've still got a couple more stories to go over.
We have no idea how long tonight's show is going to take, by the way, with this whole new format, but we're right on about the same usual time right now.
We've got a few more stories we want to go over with you guys, though.
And remember, you can call in at any time 1-877-GAME-OLR.
We are going to get past Guitar Hero and Loki's going to take us in a different direction.
Yes.
Now we're going to talk about hardware.
You've probably heard a lot of game companies touting that their game has maxed out the hardware of the PS3 or the Xbox 360.
Well, according to Richard Parr, who works at Criterion, he's basically said the proof is that you're not the best.
Basically, it means that you're out of ideas.
You always find new ways to do things.
The constraints lift, not just with the new console generation, but with every game you do.
And I agree with him.
You look at games like Crysis that maxed out all the PCs out there, basically.
Just ridiculous stuff that you throw at it because you have three graphics cards in there, high-end processor, all the RAM you could possibly throw at it.
And it runs just kind of good.
Not great, but good.
And you know why?
It's because they didn't optimize their code for shit.
And then when Crysis Wars comes out, oh, look at that!
It's the same damn game, basically.
And it runs great on all these PCs.
Wonder why that was?
Oh, it's because we actually optimized our code this time.
So really, I think that they are able to push out more code, better detail, better processing power out of these games, just by the effort and tricks that they learned along the way.
Learn to optimize their code, learn to optimize their engines that they run in, and just kind of figure out ways to use every bit of the console's power.
You know, it's interesting because it's challenging people to kind of think within the constraints that you might already have.
You know, you've got to innovate with what you've already got.
It kind of makes me think about why do games still continue to come out for the Dreamcast and all this?
Because there's a big independence scene on the Dreamcast, not necessarily because they're putting out better games.
But I think a better example would be looking at what we're seeing this year for the Wii.
I mean, look at Red Steel 2.
I mean, Red Steel 2 looks awesome.
It runs at 60 frames per second.
The graphics are pretty great on it.
I mean, it looks like something that could probably be on a 360 or a PS3, but they're doing it on the Wii.
And before, you know, no one thought that that was possible, even with something like the Metroid Other M.
I mean, that looks like that could be easily on a 360 or something like that, at least from the videos I've seen.
And some of these other games look really good.
They're running at 60 frames per second and stuff like that on the Wii.
You know, a big one that was, I want to say, the Conduit.
The Conduit's another one that pushed the engine really well on the Wii.
And they said, oh yeah, we maxed it out.
But guess what? They came out with some better games now, other games that they're coming out after Conduit.
And they're even better.
Well, you mentioning Metroid made me think of F-Zero on the GameCube, and I love F-Zero.
I think that was just an awesome game, especially that particular one that was on the GameCube.
And it looked great, and at the time did something that was almost unheard of on the GameCube.
It supported widescreen 480 progression, the same resolution that the Wii does.
Yet, I see so many Wii games that don't look as good as F-Zero GX did.
PlayStation 2, there was Gran Turismo 4.
It supported 1080i on the PlayStation 2.
Wow, I didn't even realize that.
Who's to say that these consoles, who's to say that you couldn't develop a Wii game that could support those higher resolutions?
They could do it. I mean, hell, if a PlayStation 2 can do it, why can't the Wii? It's got better specs in it.
Well, maybe, well, for one, the Wii has no HDMI, but I guess they do have that particular output.
It doesn't matter. They have component out.
Interesting. I don't know.
You could do 1080p over component. Or just do 1080i. Or even, let's just, naive...
I don't know enough about the tech end to really know. Is there something within the hardware that has to enable it?
It's memory bandwidth. Basically, you're limited to the memory, the video memory, and the video processor for those consoles to be able to push out textures and stuff like that.
But I think maybe 720p, maybe that's doable.
And if you want to call us on this topic about consoles pushing their limits, do they still have a ways to go or what have you?
1877 game OLR is the number to call. Or chat.org.
Or you can do better resolution, like 720p, but maybe Letterbox is down some so that it's not using as much RAM, maybe.
Just black bars on top and bottom or something like that.
But maybe a hybrid resolution, like 540p or something weird. I don't know. Maybe that's possible.
Tigerclaw in chat says, you can do 1080p over component if the TV supports it. Most TV won't allow 1080p over component because it doesn't support HDCP.
That's fine. But let's just do 720p then, for argument's sake. Because 720 still looks great.
It's interesting because a lot of these, you gotta be careful too. There's a lot of cheap HDTVs out there. They're only capable of 720. They don't even do the 1080 at all.
But yeah, 720 is still considered HD. Right? So what's to say you can't do 720 on the Wii?
It'd be interesting if that's possible.
It's really just forward thinking and I don't think that they're gonna do that because, guess what, they think that their audience doesn't care.
And that's sad because they could do that and they could push the technology to maybe do that.
And this one comment here is gonna take this conversation in a different direction. Watch this. Gameguru in chat says, graphical power is overrated.
Yes, Wii's new AV port has four connections that aren't used. But go back to, graphical power is overrated. Isn't that what this is really all about in a way though?
Is that, do you really have to have the most cutting edge? Do we even really need this talk about HD on the Wii and all this stuff?
Shouldn't we just have the fun game?
True, but that's also how they're getting around some of this stuff too.
Because you'll notice, like Mad World, full 3D game, ran pretty good. Black and white, that's the way they got around.
It's a different art style so they didn't have to push the detail and stuff like that.
Red Steel 2, they're going with a comic book or maybe cel shaded look to it.
Another way that they've gotten around having to have really detailed textures and stuff like that, you save on texture memory that way.
I was thinking more like, games don't have to have great graphics to be fun.
They don't, but you should be able to do that if you're a developer and you want to push that out.
For real, how many fucking people are playing that Plants vs. Zombies game from PopCap right now?
Too many.
Billions and billions of people are playing that Plants vs. Zombies, creating zombies, that game is.
Not the greatest graphics in the world, a game that probably could have come out on the Super Nintendo, right?
Yes.
But, huge. And it adapts to so many different types of audiences too.
You know what I mean? Soccer moms play this on their break at work and even some of the hardcore gamers are all about plants and zombies.
When we went to that Windows 7 demo thingy at E3 that was off site, you know what one of those guys was testing out on the computer?
Plants vs. Zombies.
Yeah, exactly. And you know what would be funny, and I've always been saying this, why can't they take the Wii and say, give us a 2D Metroid?
Just, you know, that way you don't even have to worry about it, you know? Hell, you could reuse the sprites.
Just make a 2D Metroid that knocks me on my fucking ass. Like, really.
Just blow me away with the sound, the story, do beautiful Joey things with the 2D graphics, I don't know, whatever.
The one game I've been playing this week more than any other is Final Fantasy IV The After Years.
The graphics on par with Super Nintendo.
Yeah.
But, I'm very interested in the story. Now granted, a lot of this is because I love Final Fantasy IV and I'm very nostalgic for it, so to have the story keep going is great.
It's great though, because think about it though, if you did that with the Wii, you could actually reuse assets. You saved development time right there.
I mean, you can reuse assets, you can create new things, but you can just, you know, build upon it. Remember Sammit, what was it, Metroid Zero or whatever?
Zero Mission, I believe.
You know, basically Super Metroid, there is some differences in there, but then there is this whole after part.
I want to read this lengthy comment from Xenocore because I think it's a good one.
As much as this guy may have a point, this quote has merit, but only as far as what the rest of the game is doing.
This console has been maxed if you consider what else the console is doing while it's rendering graphics.
If a game isn't as intensive in driving AI or keeping objects in memory, fighters have more room for graphics than a simulation does.
Chat.orangelandraday.com if you want to comment. Or 1877 game OLR.
That's true. It doesn't. I mean, you could have, it's all how they use it. All the different tricks.
I like this comment from Dan Shadow. Who cares about graphics when Scribblenauts is coming?
That's true. Scribblenauts is going to be awesome. How are they going to do a sequel to that game?
I don't know. Hey, make a game like that on Xbox or something where when you put in bacon, it's real bacon.
It doesn't look like cartoony bacon, but real bacon.
Wishful thinking?
Too bad they couldn't do like a fighting game like that. Where you're just fighting and all of a sudden you just summon different things.
You know what though? I got to admit, as much as the Scribblenauts demo made me teehee when I was watching it at E3,
I do remain a little skeptical about how fun it's really going to be. Like the longevity is what I remain skeptical about.
You got to remember folks, remember, go back in the archives of this show back to 2006, I think.
I said Nintendogs was the best thing I played at E3. It's going to be the most amazing game when it comes out.
It's going to be awesome. Just all these things you can do is just going to be amazing. Nintendogs is going to blow away your fucking mind.
And then when the game came out, bored now, two hours in. Like it was the type of game where I'd seen it all at E3.
So I just, you know, I'm not, I haven't played Scribblenauts. I'm not saying knocking it. I'm just saying, skeptical.
For me, drawing the life. Another perfect one. Oh, I can draw my character? That's awesome.
Did that, and got bored. Same developer even. But this I think will be fun, if not just the show to your friends.
Hey, look at that, huh, Cthulhu. You know, just screwing around with that. And hey, why not?
You know, they should have a game that's just like a sandbox type thing where you can just create your own scenarios, you know, do whatever.
Bandit in our chatroom asks, why is the Wii $99 for God's sake? Good question. Or why, I'm sorry, why isn't the Wii? Sorry, my bad.
Why isn't the Wii $99 for God's sake? Because they want to make money off of every console.
Yeah, I mean, because people are still buying it when it's $250. Because they're ignorant, because they think that they can, you know,
I mean, look at that. The Xbox 360 is $50 cheaper than them. But you know what? They're so arrogant, I guess, and confident in their system that they just say, eh, whatever.
We're not competing with anybody. We're not part of the next gen, remember that quote? They're not part of the next gen.
We're a different gen. But no, it really comes down to because the game is still selling. That's the reason why.
Alright, let's move on. We have a lot of ground to cover before we get to break here. And this next story is about the Xbox 360's Project Natal,
which obviously was one of the highly talked about things that you three this year. The rumor going around this week is that Xbox Natal might actually be
the next Microsoft console. It might not be something that you buy to enhance with your 360, but it might actually be a whole new type of console.
Where does this come from? Well, this comes from a story reported on OneUp.com through their Listen Up podcast.
They were talking about Project Natal and some of the folks were talking about the games. And apparently, Microsoft is not only planning on releasing Natal as an add-on for the Xbox 360,
but possibly releasing it as standard with the next Xbox console. But they're saying this new console is not just going to be, like it's not a repackaging.
It's not a new SKU. It's not the power set that comes with more than just the thing itself.
But that they're talking about that this new Xbox could actually be called Xbox Natal and that it's going to be having some added oomph actually in the system itself.
You see rumors going around about how Xbox is going to have these new chipsets in them soon that apparently they're not going to be making as much noise.
They're combining the GPU and all this into one chipset so that it won't be as noisy and they can make the size go down a little bit.
So that maybe the Xbox 360 Slim is actually going to be this whole new console.
Loki, what do you think? I mean, it makes sense that they might redesign the console to be smaller. I don't think it's going to be the next console though.
I don't think they're going to increase the specs on it or anything because they can't because they would alienate half their audience basically.
I do think that maybe later on if this takes off like they think it's going to take off, then yeah, it probably will be bundled with all the Xbox 360 consoles as they come out.
It'll be just like a controller. I mean, that sounds right. I think a lot of people are getting caught off guard with the whole,
we're going to treat the Natal launch like we're going to treat a console launch.
That they're going to put a lot of marketing buzz behind it.
Yeah, it kind of is a big thing because if it does exactly what it's showing that it's supposed to be able to do, then yeah, that is a big thing.
That might get a lot of people interested and they really want to take away that market share that the Wii has.
And maybe possibly capture some of these people that have never played games before because that's what kind of the Wii did.
It's like, oh my god, I can play tennis like I can play tennis. Or I can bowl like I can really bowl.
But this is like, I can bowl and I don't need the whole controller. I don't even need to figure that out. I just do it.
Well now, here's something else to consider where they're going with this.
Why has the Wii been so successful? Because they've been catering to the soccer moms, to the family audience.
Now, there are rumors out there, and I say believe them, that Nintendo's coming out with a new Wii in 2011.
Wii HD. There's rumors about behind closed doors, showing to companies, and so on.
And I say believe them. Nintendo's the one that's got some catching up to do.
You know, if they don't think two steps ahead, they're going to get blown away by some of these new developments in the 360, especially with the 360's price point.
And here's the thing is that, let's say 360 relaunches this thing, and now they sell a slim Xbox that has Natal in it,
that is catered at a family audience, at a lower price point possibly, or an equal price point with the Nintendo Wii.
Now Nintendo's in trouble. So I think it's very interesting, you know, obviously, Microsoft is not content with being number two, or whatever they are right now.
I mean, I guess it's arguable, you look at the world picture, whatever. They are not, but they're not in America.
In the world.
Are they really?
Yeah.
But like Japan, they're certainly not.
Well yeah, but you know, that doesn't matter, their market share is really small.
Okay, well whatever, I don't want to get into, this isn't about 360 versus Sony right now, this is about Microsoft wanting to be number one.
And they're looking at how did Nintendo do it, and watch, when this thing launches, this is tall, it's going to be launched at families again.
But it's going to be interesting, because now they will still have that whole hardcore gamer, whereas Wii's going to be going in reverse.
They'll already probably have the buy-in from the family audience, they're going to need to get the hardcore gamers back on board.
That's really going to be tough, because I think Microsoft gets it though, because if you think about it, look at what they're showing off.
All the games that they're showing off are really to their core audience that's already there.
Games that everybody that I think owns the 360, for the most part, that's going to be something that you're going to be excited about.
Now, Natal is really kind of just to gather those people that may be on the Wii and stuff.
But the Wii, everybody that owns it, I mean granted there's games that you're looking forward to, but I know myself, I'm not going to be, other than Metroid, other M, and that's kind of iffy on that one.
I don't have faith in them that they're going to really put out something that's going to make me go,
Oh my god, this is so awesome, this is the greatest game I have ever played, you know, type thing. I think they're just going to keep churning this crap that's been coming out year after year.
Aimed at more family gamers, and good for them if they think that's what they need to do, but as far as my budget goes, I'm not spending money on this.
So much in chat I want to cover right now. Chat.orensonsheridge.com, and if you want to call in, please do 1-877-GAMEOLR if you want to talk about Project Natal and this whole rumor about the new system.
Oh god, where to even begin here, there's so much I want to talk about. First off, folks in chat say, Wii HD next year, no no no, 2011 is when they're saying it's coming out.
But Game Guru in chat says, no I don't see Wii HD coming out until the next generation.
But what I want to say to that is, who's to say where the generations are anymore?
I mean, what's interesting about what we've got with this current crop of systems is that they are entertainment devices in your living room, especially PlayStation 3.
You know, their biggest thing right now is the fact that it's a Blu-Ray player, and does a lot of these things right out of the living room.
You know, who's to say where the next generation is even going to begin?
Because we have yet to really max out this generation in some ways, but I don't know if there's necessarily going to be a hard line that defines the next generation of gaming after this one, I guess is what I'm getting at.
Because right now the war is about enhancing this current one, which we didn't really have before.
You know, when you had a Super Nintendo, you might have the occasional peripheral to enhance it, but that's it.
It's basically now they're trying to push their consoles to a 10-year life cycle, is really what it is.
And if that's the case, then we're going to be playing with the Xbox 360 until 2015.
So, you know, they've got to do something now because they're not necessarily running out of ideas, but they need to expand the possibilities with these new platforms.
So you're going to see stuff like the motion controllers coming out from Sony and from Microsoft, and you're going to see the enhancements to the console from the Wii.
Because it's technically not a new system, it's just an enhancement, like the DS and the DSi and the DS Lite.
Okay, I got to say this, I got to say this, because this is it right here.
GameGuru says, admittedly, it might be the next generation with MotionPlus, Natal, and PSMote.
And I'm almost on board with you there, but change MotionPlus to Wii HD, and there you have it.
That's why I do think Wii HD is out sooner than later.
What is this all about? Leveling the playfield.
Xbox, Sony will now have motion control.
Wii will now have high definition.
Now it's a war.
Now it's a war.
GameGuru also says in chat, and I'm sorry to keep quoting from the same person, but just a lot of thought-provoking comments, so props to you.
However, a price drop is due by 2010.
Natal will bomb with the Family Gamer, Xbox has its stereotype.
I couldn't disagree more.
Not necessarily that Natal will bomb with the Family Gamer, I don't know yet.
It's too early to see until we start really seeing the games.
You can't base everything off the Milo demo and some of these limited things we saw.
But Xbox having a stereotype to overcome, they can do it.
Hell yeah, they can do it.
And I'm not trying to sound like a fanboy or anything.
I'm saying, you go back.
The nice thing about this show being around for seven years, you go back to some of those older episodes.
My God, did we make fun of the Xbox.
Oh my God, the X-Brick.
What a fat system.
What a useless system.
There isn't a fucking game on it I want to play.
This is a piece of shit.
Who wants to buy this console?
This is just a PC in a box.
There's not a damn thing on this worth playing.
These are things that I'm sure we all said about that original, black, gigantic Xbox One.
But look how far they've come.
They won me over.
One of the games I played this week, which I didn't even get to in my gaming week, One vs. 100.
Which, I don't know how much I've ranted on this show before.
I want to see those Berkeley Systems games make a comeback, like Acrophobia and some of these other games used to be on Berkeley Systems.
That's what this is.
One vs. 100 is the Berkeley Systems games.
That's exactly what it is.
That's what I felt when I was playing it and everything.
That's exactly what it is.
Somebody at Microsoft is listening to this show or is thinking.
Or we share the same genes.
Because that is exactly what One vs. 100 is.
But it's like that in the next generation.
But see, that's the thing.
Microsoft, they're really not going to have much to overcome because they've got something for everybody.
They've got now these community games, One vs. 100 and stuff like that that's going to appeal to people that like watching game shows and stuff like that.
Hey, do you think maybe they might try marketing that to elderly people that like watching game shows?
Hey, now you can be on your favorite game show.
Wheel of Fortune, oh my god, that's going to totally be one of you.
It's not going to end with One vs. 100, by the way.
Here's my prediction.
I'm throwing this out here right now.
You know how they've always talked about Xbox Gold is going to be going away in favor of some of these other perks?
Because how can they otherwise compete with Sony?
Sony makes a pretty damn good argument when they say you don't have to pay for our online gaming.
Microsoft's going to make online gaming and Halo and shit free before you know it.
And you know what it is?
This is what you're going to be paying for.
These gold games and these extra services and the live hosts and the prizes and all this stuff.
Xbox has finally conned you into buying something like a membership to Pogo.com or one of those sites.
You know, where you play the online games for cash and prizes and stuff.
And that's just the first one that popped in my mind.
But there's tons of these sites out there.
That's what the Xbox is going to be.
And they won't take half the shit that a lot of the people say when they talk about those other sites.
Watch. Watch.
That's what's going to happen with Xbox Live Gold.
I don't know about that.
That's a prediction, not a fact, but I could definitely see that happening.
They've got a lot with their streaming and Netflix, the social networking stuff now.
You have Xbox Live Arcade, the independent games now, the community games.
Xbox Originals, you can download full games on there now.
You can play your DVDs, all that stuff.
So it's basically an entertainment console.
Now you go to the Wii and you can play games on it.
You can send a message to your friends.
That's about it.
I mean, it's really limited.
I mean, you can play retro games and stuff like that, but it's really limited as far as the entertainment value.
I mean, it's really just a gaming console.
But, I mean, maybe this Wii HD will change all that.
Maybe they will hopefully fix their online network.
All right, I've got to read a couple more chats and then we've got to move on.
Unfortunately, I think we're finding that when we allow ourselves to talk more about stories,
we talk about them for like 20 minutes at a time.
We're almost an hour and a half in and we've still got mail bags slated for this segment.
But I do want to read a couple more comments.
There's a great talk in chat.orangeonchurch.com tonight.
sj100matt says, with the economy the way it is, some of us can't keep buying this updated shit.
Granted, this recession isn't forever, for all we know.
Yeah, wishful thinking. Let's hope you're right.
But releasing the next new console isn't going to get the consumer to buy at this time.
And then sj100matt continues in response to when I said the real war is coming.
He says, well, fuck their war.
I'm not going to fund it unless they make it worth my while.
And that's a very good retort is that these things are only as good as the games that are on it,
as we've always said.
But something to think about, though, because you talk about the economy and all of that.
Keep in mind, entertainment is one of the things that manages to persevere through the economy.
You know, the movie industry, look at those movies that are out right now.
Granted, there's been little dips in the movie industry,
but not the major types of dips you would see in an economy like this,
especially when ticket prices are still rising.
Yeah, entertainment's not really hurting as bad.
Although they claim that they are.
A lot of people are willing to pay top dollar for entertainment.
But not to devalue what he's saying, because I think the argument is still a valid one,
is that, yeah, you still got to convince me that it's worth it to upgrade to a Wii HD.
But Nintendo, the thing about Nintendo, you know what they've got in their back pocket?
Mario, Zelda, Metroid, the characters you love.
That's what they're holding in their back pocket.
And people that will buy anything that says Nintendo on it.
And all they have to do is show, hey, look, it's Link in HD.
Boom! Instant fanboy boner in sales.
And myself being one of them, I'm in line.
I think a lot of us will be.
Yeah.
Let's face it, Nintendo taught us at age seven.
You love Mario, and you love Link, and you love these games.
And they will be with you forever.
I'm loving Mario a lot less lately, though. I just have to say that.
I don't know.
Not buying that new Super Mario Brothers game, sorry.
I'm not in it now because I don't have the friends to play with on the regular basis.
I can't buy new Super Mario Brothers because I don't have enough friends.
That's what it boils down to.
So, yeah.
Totally changed topic.
EA, apparently, they've drawn some attention from, I guess, their prote-
Not even really a real protest. It's a fake protest.
At E3, they had protesters out front.
Did you see it?
Yeah, I saw it. I saw the protesters.
Did you think it was real at first?
Nope, not at all.
I had a moment of hesitation because I was looking at it, and I was walking by,
and I was thinking, you know, with the crazies in this state, I almost believe it.
You know, as I was kind of walking by, I was like, oh, my God.
This is kind of cool.
Like, the crazies are out here protesting E3.
This is awesome.
But then as I was walking in the hall, and I started to post about it to the OLR Twitter,
because you might remember at E3, I was letting the folks on Twitter control what I was looking at,
and I started to tweet about it.
And as I was doing it, I was thinking, you know what?
They had, like, the EA logo on one of those boards, and some of these...
These guys knew way too much about games.
Oh, my... I just bought it, hook, line, and sinker.
This protest was something that was staged for some game I haven't even been following.
Yeah, and in fact, that wasn't the only person who bought that hook, line, and sinker.
Apparently, the bloggers at LA Times, who basically wrote that the protesters promoted a multimedia anti-game website,
the EA reps, of course, later confirmed to the Associated Press that the whole affair was staged by a marketing agency.
It says now, apparently, game politics, they're pointing out that the stunt has angered many real Catholic bloggers.
Margaret Cabaniss of Inside Catholic wrote,
It's been clear for a while now that the entertainment industry views Christians on the whole as priggish, thin-skinned funkillers.
Has anybody at EA actually read The Inferno?
I'm sorry, but that's kind of funny.
Another blogger, I guess, at Catholic Video Games wrote that gamers of all varieties will buy this product if it's, well, actually a good game.
So instead of engaging in a shameless anti-Christian stunt to promote your poor excuse of a product,
you might ought to work on making this game something better than a blatant God of War ripoff and make it something worthwhile.
That second guy's actually got a good point, because yeah, it is a blatant God of War ripoff.
But from the people I talked to that saw the game, it was behind closed doors, we weren't special enough to see it,
but some of the people I talked to that saw it said, hey, it looks really good.
Well, yeah, God of War is awesome. I mean, if a game blatantly rips it off, it's going to be fun, so I mean, why not?
And yeah, I do have to laugh, because I do see Catholics, unfortunately, that way. Being a Catholic myself, I, yeah.
And now I'm thinking back on the whole thing, and I'm kind of like, oh my gosh, I was so stupid to even believe it for like a minute,
because one of those people, I swear to God, was dressed in the Puritan outfit.
Like, the fucking Salem witch trials, like, out there, you know, in the fucking, like, churning the butter outfit. Burn the witch! Burn the witch!
Well, you should know, we should...
And I should, I, but, here's, here's what I ask you guys. Should you be mad that they did it, or should you be mad that people believed it?
That it actually was happening for a minute? Because unfortunately, with some of these other things that sometimes you hear about the way,
and I'm not talking about, you know, most people are pretty normal, but that, you know, unfortunately, there are 52% of the population in California
that have bought into this whole thing that it's okay for, you know, religion to take away some of these rights and all this stuff,
you know, because of all of this and all these other... There's many of us that believed for a minute it was true! Isn't that something to be concerned about?
No. And, you know, at the same time, I think this whole, you know, stunt, it didn't really do anything other than draw attention to, obviously, the game,
which is what they're hoping that it would, but it's not like the protest was,
oh my god, there's so much full-frontal nudity in this game, it's unbelievable! And the violence and sex is just crazy!
You know, then people would be like, oh, I gotta play this game, you know? Like, I would have been like, tell me more!
But, no, it's just like, oh, there's the devil in this game. Really? Dante's Inferno, there's the devil in it, and evil, and oh my god, that's so unexpected.
Well, when I walked by, I thought those people were protesting E3, and I was like, oh my gosh, and I could totally see the people out there.
I mean, you know, there are these sick, sick people out there that, well, I shouldn't even mention it,
because, you know, after what I just said, I wouldn't want to compare the two, because there's these obvious loons
that go out there and protest these weddings, and not weddings, but funerals of people that have served for our country,
and that they'll protest these funerals, I'm not even going to say who they are, because I don't want to give them attention,
but they go out and protest these funerals of soldiers who died in the war, saying, this is because we have fags in America,
that this soldier died and is burning in hell at this very moment. I mean, clearly crazed people out there doing it,
and so I thought maybe E3 actually got a little bit of that, like, hey, Jack Thompson got his buddies together.
You know, why did they even bother? They should have just tipped off the right people, you know, about that stuff,
that they could have had actual, you know, protesters out there, but, do we have anyone that wants to comment on this?
1-877-GAME-OLR. Did you think it was real? Did you buy into this for a minute? I want to know.
Or are you Catholic and pissed off?
Do you not remember when we did a protest, or we were kind of observing of a protest for booth babes back in 2006?
And that was all just a play for...
That was all hoax, too, and that got picked up by a lot of bloggers.
But nobody went to the outpost, because wasn't that Scott's outpost?
Yes, it was.
And nobody went.
Well, that part of the plan failed, but it still got picked up.
I shouldn't say nobody. He had a decent crowd, but I think they were hoping for a little more, you know what I mean?
Yes, part B of the plan, not exactly executed correctly, but the part A part did quite well.
It got picked up on the blogs, because, hey, guess what, they're booth babes, or, you know, babes that are carrying signs,
and, hey, it's a story and a pretty picture that go along with the story. Awesome.
But, yeah, I think, I mean, the game itself, the whole protest thing seems unnecessary.
But they should have had his devil's ring around. That'd be kind of cool. The signs.
SSTA 100 Matt says, you know, Rob, not to get off topic, but the church's private organizations are running the same hate ads on the radio in New York for anti-gay marriage legislation.
Let me respond to this in a minute, because we're getting a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
This is Leo Shen.
Hey, Leo Shen, what's on your mind? This whole Dante's Inferno protesting. Is this offensive? Is it funny? Did you believe it?
I actually found it hilarious, because I went to Fanime not too long ago, and there was actually protesters protesting Fanime.
Really? Oh my gosh. Okay, I've been to Fanime. I've not seen the protesters. And it was the real deal? What were they saying? Cosplayers need to put down the cosplay and read the Bible?
I'm not too sure, because I was looking at them from a distance, but I guess they were protesting against, like, you know, hentai and all that stuff against the anime porn.
But the really funny thing was they had a cosplayer who came as Jesus to the anime convention, and he just went out there, and it was just hilarious.
There's always somebody that's got to push the buttons. Did the protesters respond to the man in the Jesus cosplay?
They just ignored him. And they had this other cosplayer who came out as Jesus, but as a raptor dinosaur.
Wait, Jesus is a raptor dinosaur? How does that even work? Even I think I'm offended by that one.
It's called 4chan. The fouls of the internet.
The home of internet offensiveness. Alright, I understand. Well, thank you, Leo Shen, for the call. And thank you very much. I'm going to let you go.
But, you know, just thinking about the whole, you know, again, protesters were at Fanime. Why can't they be at E3?
Anyway, I wanted to respond to this real quick, because, yes, it is a little off topic, but I need to say something, because obviously, you know, being gay myself, I have a whole lot to say on this.
SJ100Matt says, you know, Rob, not to get off topic, but the same churches, private organizations are running the same hate ads on the radio in New York for anti-gay marriage legislation.
So, again, this just goes back to the whole, that's why I believed it when you had the chick in the Puritan outfit there with the sign that says, you know, Dante's Inferno, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Because when I see these ads and I hear these hate speech and stuff like that on the radio about, you know, withholding people's rights, when it's in the goddamn Constitution on the 14th Amendment,
no state shall pass a law that robs people of the pursuit to life, liberty, et cetera, et cetera.
Okay? Like, when I see these ads, that's what I hear in my head. Burn the witch! Burn them! Throw them in the river, see if they float! Don't give them any rights!
It's the archaic way of thinking. It's always something.
Sorry if I'm getting a little too personal and political for you, but deal. You know, this is, you know, my rights that are being affected here.
When have I ever shut up about that topic on the show?
All right, anything else to say about the protest, Loki?
Uh, no, it was retarded looking.
I mean, the whole thing was a little silly, but I will admit, I believed it for like half a second. I really did.
All right. Usually at the end of Part A, we would do the Classic Game of the Week, but unfortunately, Dark Sakura is not here.
She will be here. We're anticipating during the next part of the show, so in the meantime, we need to get into the mailbag.
We're going to switch out mailbag and do it during Part A tonight, so let's open up the mail.
Mailbag at Orangelaungerator.com if you want to send us an email. That's the place to go, and we're always curious about your thoughts.
GeneralGurdover sent us an email wanting us to check out their podcast.
Well, I haven't checked it out yet. Sadly, I'm behind on the email, but nun2k.com.
I'm always one to support independent podcasters. I hope that wasn't a porn ad or something in disguise.
Will somebody please check that website out and let me make sure it is a legitimate indie podcast for me?
I want to read this email. This email comes to us from... I don't want to read the real name there.
I don't think there is a real name. I will say the email says Nutman, so we'll call this person Nutman.
Loki, can you please not yell so much?
No, I can't.
I had to turn down the volume almost ten times in episode 326 because Loki was yelling so loudly, it was hurting my ears.
You can't be alone in this, right?
P.S. O.L.R. is awesome, as is Loki.
I guess you just need to turn it down a little bit, Loki.
This could be a problem that we've moved studios. We unhook and hook up the mics every week.
We do rely on the live listeners to tell us if things sound way too crazy.
Live listeners, if we are too loud, let us know, please.
We'd be happy to turn down the volume a little bit so you guys don't have to suffer so much.
Loki's yelled for seven years. That's his thing on the show, if you haven't figured that out by now.
That's not yelling. I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, I'm not talking about yelling like you might yell at somebody you're mad at, but I'm talking about you do have angry white man voice.
That's just your last name, angry white man voice.
He has angry white man voice, that's right.
But, yeah, we'll try to make sure it doesn't get out of control.
So, chatters, please feel free to speak up if Loki is getting too loud.
Let's see, we got a lot of emails this week.
This comes to us from J-Rod.
Hey, O.L.R. folks, I'm writing in a comment on Left 4 Dead 2 boycott.
I want to stand on the other side of the fence from all the opinions in the O.L.R. studio just for argument's sake.
I'm not one of the people who are butthurt about this, but I can understand why people are pissed.
I agree that the game is coming out way too soon since the first one was just released in November.
The reason people are pissed isn't because they are spoiled, it's because they expect more from Valve with integrity compared to, say, Activision in regards to putting out sequels for a cash grab.
The reason people support Valve by buying up their games and having such consumer loyalty is because Valve always takes care of their customers with free updates, content, and product support.
Personally, I think they could have put all this content into the first game with a huge update, but this sequel reeks of Microsoft holding a leash because they won't allow free stuff on Xbox Live, the same way they forced Epic to charge for map packs in Gears of War 2 that Epic intended to be free.
To address Loki's statement on huge E3 lines for the game and how everyone is going to buy it, that's fine and dandy, but I don't expect to hear any whining when everyone buys piles upon piles of the newest Guitar Hero and Wii Fit sports games.
Which is funny because we just whined about that earlier in the show.
Also, one more shorter point. Everyone at the OLR Studio seems to be taking a crap on Sony for their lack of content for this year. Have you all completely missed Sony's biggest release of the year, Infamous?
I'm actually surprised to hear nobody on the show talking about it because it's a very big PS3 exclusive release put out by Sucker Punch.
PS, $250 for a PSP. Apparently cocaine is a hell of a drug. This email is sponsored by the Olive Garden Home of the Never Ending Salad and Breadsticks.
Yeah, I heard about Infamous. I'm well aware of it being out and unfortunately, though, I'm playing Prototype, which is almost...
I mean, it's not identical, but I mean, it's the same type of gameplay right now.
And I think you didn't hear us say anything about it because the game, like, came out. So there wasn't really a lot of, like, hubub about it at E3. It was, you know, more of...
They had it there.
I think they had it there, but it was just, you know, people weren't really paying attention to that because they're like, hey, this is out next week. Let's look at, you know, all this other stuff.
And then it seemed like, I think, part of the point you were trying to make last week is that it seemed like there was this huge gap in the rest of 2009.
And then we've got all this stuff that's supposed to come out in 2010. Although it does seem like, you know, we'll be peppered with a few nice things here and there.
Yeah, I mean, Infamous looks good. I'm planning on picking up maybe later on, but like I mentioned earlier, I have, like, two PlayStation 3 games, though, that have come out back in.
One in November, one in, you know, the end of February that I'm still waiting to play. And I've just... I'm catching up.
Let's talk, though, about the other end of the more meatier part of the email about Left 4 Dead 2.
Because we did go off on quite a tangent about this game last week and, you know, talk about, you know, that people should stop whining so much.
But does he make a point that, you know, Microsoft wanted this other company to charge for their map packs? You know, is this Microsoft's influence? That it's a cash grab?
No.
I have to admit, although I respect the points brought up in this email, my opinion has not changed.
I don't think it's Microsoft's fault.
And I don't think it can change until the game comes out.
I think it's EA's fault. Because EA would be the publisher. And at the same time, though, they're saying, oh, well, we've made enhancements to the AI, to the director, and there's stuff that we couldn't have done in Left 4 Dead 1 and stuff.
And really, in the end, it's the developer deciding to do it or not.
I mean, because they don't have to. And we're talking download content, you know, they could put out those enhancements, you know, the map packs and stuff like that for Left 4 Dead or, you know, other stuff, maybe Team Fortress 2 and stuff, maybe add, you know, sell it.
They could put that stuff out. But, you know, if it's, you know, the fact that it's being, you know, that they won't let them put it out for free, well, that's still an excuse because they can always put it out for as cheap as possible, you know.
Here's my biggest thing. This is why I don't get it yet, and why I'm not on board with you guys yet, because the game isn't out. And there's still a long way to go before the holiday, and we don't really know the full potential of this game just yet.
Granted, we got a lot of details out of E3 and so forth. Here's why I don't like these Guitar Hero games upon game. They feel like cheap re-skinning of the previous game.
But you'll notice we haven't said any of that about Beatles Rock Band. We've lavished praise upon praise upon where this game's going, because it does feel like a completely unique, justifiably separately purchased game.
And if Left 4 Dead 2 ultimately is that at the end, I don't think you guys, you know, whether this could have been an update or not, have much to stand on.
However, if the game is a cheap re-skinning of Left 4 Dead 1 with just four new characters and new maps and all the same enemies as before and all that, then I am right there with you. I will sign the goddamn petition myself.
But I don't think we can really say until the game is out. And Valve, as a developer, does not seem like the type of company that would do that, but I don't know. It could be wishful thinking.
At the same time, like I mentioned before, don't you guys think you might be a little bit spoiled by them? I mean, I think their support of the community and everything has been huge.
I mean, look at what they're doing with Team Fortress 2. It's just like updates upon updates for this game that came out, you know, a while ago and still, you know, huge support for it.
And I think at the same time, you don't realize that, you know, yeah, they're putting a lot of support behind this, but at the same time, they need to make some money too. And yeah, that's not an excuse, I guess, in the gamer's eyes to put out another game.
But at the same time, maybe there's something that really they can't do where they felt, okay, this is different enough that it justifies its own release.
I don't know. I mean, you can't just have everything be exactly the same all the time. Things have to change, so I guess, you know, if you don't like it, don't buy it.
And then, you know what, if the sales suck on it, then they'll learn, okay, maybe we can't do this. If that's really, you know, a money grab.
Yeah, we have some comments on chat and, you know, again, it seems to be that most people are saying, Act F says, bah, cry more. That's my opinion on the Left 4 Dead 2 boycott.
GameGuru says, I'm willing to give Left 4 Dead 2 the benefit of the doubt because it means Left 4 Dead 1 will be cheaper.
There you go. I don't know, I guess we'll see a little more when this game actually is released. I think that's when I have to reserve my ultimate judgment for is when the game's released.
If it stinks then, then I'll be right there in line with you guys and if they try to push out Left 4 Dead 3 in 2010, if Left 4 Dead 2 stinks, I will openly mock it here on this program.
I mean, and just, you know, I wouldn't exactly blame Microsoft for, I mean, look at the company that's, you know, helping to publish these games.
They're known for putting out numerous sports games each year numerically. I mean, come on.
I want to read this email real quick and this comes to us from our old buddy Rini. I'm not going to read the whole thing because it's very, very lengthy, but I do want to read bits and pieces of it and give this game a little shout out here.
Greetings, OLR peoples. Rini here and I just got into the free limited beta for Ion online that happened for the weekend of June 7th.
I'm trying the game out because Warcraft has become the doldrums and also because it's become my best friend's next fangasm until Final Fantasy XIV.
For the bulk of this lengthy email, I'm going to describe some features from the game that I've witnessed in comparison to WoW.
It talks about the plot being two rival races. It talks about that it's got the character customization of Elder Scrolls Oblivion.
There's a mage, priest, scouts, and warriors. At level 9, a quest is automatically given to you to get your wings.
It's basically a free ride to level 10 that you should get to all the different capital cities.
The flight time is initially limited, but you can extend it. There's loading time when you start the game, but once you get in there, it's very short, around 10 seconds or so.
The game is very pretty in a Final Fantasy sort of way. The battles are brisk and so forth.
I'm trying to read through all this. It talks about missions and holding things in a cube and what have you.
Something WoW neglects. If you're in a high traffic area and it's really bogging your system down, it's no problem.
Press a keyboard combination and all other player models will disappear.
I didn't get to try out stuff like parties, alliances, emotes, etc. There's a lot of interface elements that would need a plugin for WoW to show up.
For example, a quest tracker or a level gauge for quests. For some reason, there's a quest to steal a bathing nymph's clothes too.
I've taken screenshots of what I've seen around the game, with the game running almost everything at max settings.
No anti-aliasing, decree, shadow, and water effects. Please skim through it and post to chat if you would like.
Hopefully Ion will not disappoint. I'm buying the limited edition and getting suckered into playing it anyway because I want to play with my best friend.
My expectations are low because WoW's PVP just left me insulted with how slow and unfair it was.
Maybe Ion will be a little closer to something resembling PSO.
Lastly, I'd like to apologize, especially to Sky, for bringing up hopes for Omega Man Legends 3 for E3. Sorry!
This email is brought to you by Benafiber. Everyone needs their damn fiber. Fuck yeah, bowel movements.
I have a question, and this is kind of E3 related, but the whole Mega Man Legends thing.
I remember Capcom said they had two secret games that they hadn't announced yet.
One of those got leaked, and that was Tatsunoko vs Capcom All-Stars or whatever it was.
What the hell was the second one?
Well, hold on, because we've got a call, and I bet this caller might know.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's up guys? It's the Rob D.
Rob, we had you on hold while Loki was saying that. Do you know what that second game is?
I think it was a Resident Evil title for the PSP. I think that's what it was.
I remember hearing that being announced, and I asked a couple people about it, and I think that's what it was.
That makes sense. Well, Rob, we have the Skyplines open all night tonight, so I know you're calling in to respond to something in the mailbag.
In fact, you said on chat something about this whole Left 4 Dead 2 boycott. What are your thoughts on it?
Well, here's the thing. I've seen a lot of different complaints.
Obviously, people love to complain about everything on forums and on podcasts and everything when it relates to the video game industry,
because people are passionate about it. It's their interest.
And I've seen people defend a lot of stupid things. I've seen people defend us getting nickeled and dimed for horse armor.
And you know what? That even brings up a lot of strong opinions even today.
But this is the first time that I've ever seen people do something, gamers in particular, that I just cannot defend at all.
Because, I mean, really, remember when we got expansion packs back in the late 90s and people got pissed off at that
because it was just a couple new enemies, more levels, and they weren't even really that good for games like Sin and whatever else.
We flipped upside down. Now we don't want sequels.
We don't want these companies to actually give us new engines and give us new sets of things to do.
We want expansion packs. What has changed now?
I would give one of my good kidneys to get a sequel, certainly before this year, for Street Fighter,
and now for a true sequel to Chrono Trigger or Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
Why are people upset that they're getting a sequel to a game they love? I don't get this.
Well, I think they feel that this sequel is an expansion pack. That's what it is.
No, they want it as an expansion pack with DLC. They don't want an actual sequel.
They don't want Valve to actually put the effort in.
I understand they want more support for Left 4 Dead, but why don't they want an actual game with new features and hopefully a better game?
Progress is good.
Well, I think the argument, and again, I don't really know the other side as well.
Maybe we'll get emails on it next week, but I think the argument is they feel like, because this is being put together so quickly,
because the early screenshots and gameplay indicate it's basically Left 4 Dead 1 with new characters enduring the day and a new setting,
that this is basically a guitar hero Van Halen of Left 4 Dead.
But we're making our judgments on a handful of trailers and a few screenshots.
And you hinted at this earlier, that this is Valve. This is not a company.
Admittedly, I think it is published by EA, right? Or maybe you're talking about Rockband.
No, this is published by EA.
Yeah. I understand that since it is published by EA, that is some cause for concern.
But you know what? This isn't a company that has done this in the past that is developing this game.
We should give them a little bit of trust.
Deep Man and Chat says they think it will break up the community, it will split them between the two games.
I don't know if I necessarily see that so much.
About Call of Duty, we'll look at Call of Duty World at War and Call of Duty Modern Warfare.
The games that that happens to are the sports games.
That's the one where you go into EA 2010, you know, whatever, and then 2009 is abandoned.
But most games you still find, you know, pretty, like case in point, EverQuest 1 and EverQuest 2.
Granted, completely different type of game because people invest a lot more time into those types of games.
But EverQuest 1 still has probably more of a community than EverQuest 2.
Any other thoughts, Rob? Before we let you go and wrap up part A here.
Not really. This whole issue just ticks me off so much because, again, there are so many games that I can think of.
I don't want to bash it, but there are so many games that I enjoy more that I would want sequels to.
And these people are complaining because they are getting a sequel to it and good timing too.
Well, let's just hope that the sequel is not cheap.
Let's hope that what you and I are thinking is the case and that this game will be pretty awesome with a lot of new features.
Or else, I don't know, they may have a point.
I think they'll eat crow. But anyway, see you guys later.
Alright, take care, Rob.
Yeah, I don't know. I think, I don't know. I don't know. I can't tell until I play the game.
That's really where it's at.
Alright, dang, we are really long.
And sorry I didn't get to all the emails tonight.
I didn't get the emails from some folks that actually called us anyway or some folks put,
you don't have to read this on air, so I didn't because we had a lot of emails tonight.
But if you want to send us an email for a future week, please do.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
We are going to finally take a break here.
You know we've been on air for an hour and fifty minutes so far.
We're going to take a break.
Dark Soccer is on her way home, so it sounds like she'll be joining us for Part B tonight.
We'll be right back in about five to ten minutes with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
For those of you guys listening on the podcast, though, you only have to wait like five seconds.
Aren't you lucky?
We'll be right back with plenty more stories here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Part B of tonight's episode, number 327,
taping live on AllGames.com on this lovely Sunday night.
We are here, Orange Lounge Radio, myself, Loki, and making her way back into the studio.
Dark Soccer is here joining us for Part B tonight.
Hi, I'm just, I will be officially joining probably in about another ten, fifteen minutes.
You had a PE class or something tonight, right?
Yeah, I did. I'm taking, well, it's walking slash jogging slash running slash cardio slash whatever
we want to do as long as it gets the heart rate up for twenty minutes.
That's the class.
And it's mostly online, so it's on our system, you know, pretty much.
But the test our teacher has us do now and the fact that she watches us walk our mile,
I don't think, unless someone really can fake it well, I don't think anyone's going to be able to, so.
Interesting.
Yeah, and apparently this is her third one and she's had a lot of success with it, so I'm pretty happy.
All right, well, that's all right. Loki and I are going to continue to juggle the stories,
but please chime in as I know I told you before the show about something new,
the new experiment we were trying tonight.
We almost went two hours with Part A, six stories, but lots of opinions out there.
Well, you know, I actually, I kind of, I was thinking about it actually when I was doing my very painful
because of my shoes walk.
No, I got new walking shoes and I need insoles for them because it makes my arch hurt.
But anyway, enough fitness talk, which I actually want to get back into playing DDR
because I walked a thirteen minute mile when I was playing DDR once a week.
I'm on DDR.
I went to Roseville Golf Land this week, the place where video games go to die.
I played that lovely, lovely BeatMania 2DX distorted machine they had.
Player one black keys are sticking already.
Gotta love it.
Right side pride.
Whatever.
Haha, I don't have to deal with that.
Die in a right side fire.
Burn.
Well, now that I'm not upstairs anymore in my apartment, my DDR hard pads,
as soon as I figure out how to ground them from the static electricity buildup.
Let's not revive the DDR discussion from last week because I'll just get really sad.
The whole thing.
My pads actually started falling apart.
Now you're going to have to mod them for eight arrows.
Remember, that's what we're getting in the PlayStation.
No, I'm sorry, that's not real DDR.
Don't buy this Konami bullshit.
No, we can't think of anything.
Let's add more arrows.
I'm more curious.
Wait, hold on about DDR.
I'm more curious what Jamie was thinking on her walk
because it was about the show and the whole thing.
Well, no, I was just thinking about what it was going to be like,
and it actually was going to be more like when Larry King has people call in,
except we're cooler and he's old.
Well, you know, and I think a lot of the feedback I've kind of heard
over the couple years we've been doing this, you know,
because it seems like every year or two years we try something new with the format.
So we've been doing, what, this whole combined A and B for about, what, a year and a half or so?
I think one of the feedback I get is, you know, we already kind of hear about the news.
I tune in to hear you guys, you know, talk about it, make jokes and so forth,
and the fact that, you know, not a lot of shows are as interactive as you guys.
I mean, granted, there's lots of shows that are trying to get interactive, you know,
but they're kind of few and far between.
We started off that way, really.
Yeah, I mean, well, that's always what our show's been about.
We either had the studio full of people or...
But instead of just running through the news and then let everybody call in on this,
you know, hodgepock clusterfuck of calls at the end, why not, you know,
since this is the show where every gamer has a voice,
spend a little more time on each story and let everybody voice their opinions.
Giving that same, that, you know, aforementioned voice.
Yes, and tell the dick and fart joke that goes along with that story.
Hey, Rob.
What?
A dick went fart.
Ha ha.
I'm laughing.
Okay.
I am going to go freshen up.
All right.
Let's see.
Let's move.
All right.
Let's get back into some of that gaming news that we're going to spend a little more time on tonight.
Of course, you can call us at any time, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
If we don't get to the story you wanted to talk about tonight, though,
we will open up the Skype line at the end of the show for open bar.
Loki, you're going to start us off this half with another story.
Yes, I am.
So apparently the PS3 motion controller that they showed off at, you know, E3.
You know what, that always happens.
Play happy music.
Damn it.
Sorry.
Maybe someday I'll learn how to fix my audio cues.
Sorry.
Yes, PlayStation 3.
Yes.
So the new motion controller that they showed off during their E3 press conference,
it's apparently going to be compatible with existing games,
which it makes sense because you can patch games and why not?
I'm not sure if it's exactly going to work the way, say, you think, I don't know,
a controller, like it wouldn't be mapped.
Like if, you know, I move my arm down, it's not going to move the analog stick left down or something like that.
You know, I don't think it's going to be like that.
But they may be able to patch it in to other games,
which makes sense because they patched in DualShock 3 support.
Why not?
And you know what, I support that.
I mean, that would be kind of cool.
You know, some of your older games get new life later on with this controller if you happen to buy it.
But here's my thing and the reason why I want to talk about this a little bit.
Do we really need motion control to be shoved down our throat in every game?
It doesn't have to be, but it's an option.
It's a good way, say, you put up the motion controller and there's like, say, five games that support it.
Now you can have like a bunch of games that support it, but it's still going to feel tacked on.
Maybe this is what I need to make me feel better about this.
Maybe callers want to input on this 1877 game OLR.
What game would be better if they went back and added motion control?
Lair, what Sony PlayStation 3 game is going to be better if they go back and add this whole, you know, Sony,
it doesn't have an official name, does it yet?
I think somebody said the PS3 mode.
Cosmic Ice Cream Cones.
Okay, the Cosmic Ice Cream Cones.
What old PlayStation 3 game is going to be better with the Cosmic Ice Cream Cones?
I don't know.
Seeing as most PlayStation 3 games are on the Xbox 360, we don't have that yet.
Here's my thought, maybe they come up with a control scheme for like a first person shooter,
and then boom, they can put those in the first person shooter games.
You know, something that works well.
But yeah, you're right, I don't know.
Don't you think this is only going to show up though in the actual Sony, you know,
first party in their own developer type of games?
Probably, yeah.
But I mean, I don't know.
This is all coming from, you know, I want to say it was Jack Trenton who, he says,
personally it's very difficult for me to perceive God of War 3 played with a Wii controller,
but it's a different experience that doesn't lend itself to certain types of games,
but I think our controller can be used with every game that's on the system now
and every game that we're working on.
So he could just be blowing smoke up someone's ass, you know.
My controller's awesome, it works with everything, it's super awesome,
everything that we touch turns to gold.
You know, that's basically his thought on it.
So really we could be reading way too much into this.
I think the games you're going to see that get this enhancement,
like Infamous, Killzone 3, all the first person shooters basically,
Uncharted and Resistance.
Those will be the games that will support this whole Cosmic Ice Cream codes.
Honestly, I don't think it's any of these games at all.
I think since this isn't going to come out for a while, it'll probably be...
I would be fine if they didn't even patch it backwards,
because it's just going to be tacking it on.
It's just, I don't know.
I mean, it's one-one control, so unless you have it really programmed in the game
to be really intricate, I don't think it's going to work,
because you're just going to be making a gesture,
and it's going to do an action, just like the Wii.
And I think a lot of it is resources for me.
That's why I kind of bring this up.
You know, I know there's a lot of people out there that would say,
well, what's the harm?
So they want to go back and add motion control in these games.
Is that such a bad thing?
It's added value, it's something extra.
But I'm saying, well, resources that could be used to instead make new games better.
Why go back and patch the game with motion controls
when you can make the sequel have motion controls?
Then again, I'm also clamoring for some of my old Xbox games
to still be playable with backwards emulation on Xbox 360,
which will never happen at this point.
They're done with that. You know they are.
They are done.
Because they want to do the downloads, the digital downloads.
They're done with classic Xbox at this point.
The classic Xbox.
The Xbox 360 digital downloads is where it's at now.
There's still going to be Xbox originals,
but it's not going to be anything that wasn't already supported
with the backwards compatibility.
There's not going to be any more updates for backwards compatibility,
unless there really is a team still working on it,
which I don't think there is.
I don't think there is either.
Let's move on and talk about something else with Sony.
It has to do kind of from the same sort of original source
that the whole PlayStation 3 motion control can do with.
I want to talk about the actual president of PlayStation, Jack Trenton, and leaks.
And a big quote he said.
It was interesting because at the show,
when he's actually giving the press conference,
he joked and was very tongue-in-cheek about the leaks.
Thank you all for coming out considering everything leaked out.
He showed his anger a little more this week in an interview
on a story that was on CSNBC.com this week.
People don't respect confidentiality in this industry,
Jack Trenton was quoted as saying.
It's tough enough to keep a secret within your own company,
much less when you speak to third parties.
And they're talking about that right for right now.
The CNBC article continues on.
At E3, it was certainly annoying,
but as we start to get into whatever's next for gaming,
this type of stuff can really hurt.
Is that you want to keep features of your machines quiet
so that your competition doesn't figure out about them,
but I don't know at the same time.
A lot of people that work in the game industry stay in the game industry,
so I would think there's talk amongst people.
Yes, they all sign NDAs, but I don't think they hold up.
Sniff out your moles.
If it's really a big issue for you and you really want to crack down on them,
start releasing false information,
and then the people that report on it,
then you release a different one to each person,
and the people that report on that, then you know where it came from.
And then Trenton continues on with this quote.
This is an industry that has trouble focusing on today.
We want to constantly talk about tomorrow.
You have to prepare for people to know things in advance.
The frustrating thing is they only know a part of the story
and that opens up a lot of conjecture and misinformation
that ultimately waters down the reality when you roll it out.
Really?
I'm tired of all these podcasters that go on air
and talk about all the different ways they interpret a patent.
No, he didn't really say that, but that's the way he's really saying it.
Really didn't water it down because the PSP Go,
which has been rumored to be coming out for a while now,
and then leaked by them, I mean by Sony through Core,
which really, can you complain about leaks and stuff
when your own magazine seems to put out the information
before your present conference?
Really didn't water it down at all.
In fact, I don't think it did.
If anything, it got people's hopes up,
and then we saw what they announced the features for it,
and we're like, eh, that sounds stupid.
It's like, oh, you didn't add a second analog stick?
Oh, you didn't make it so that, I don't know,
it does other things other than normal PlayStation?
Oh, it's not going to be cheaper than the PSP 3000 or something like that?
It's going to be more expensive? Awesome!
And most people doing these speculating and rumor mongering
and blogging on the internet gave the PSP Go the benefit of the doubt.
A lot of people, ourselves included, when we were on Bobby's show
and even on our own show talking about the PSP Go,
what a great entry-level PSP system this is going to be.
It's going to be a great, cheap device that people are going to use
and they can get rid of the disks.
It's going to be cheap, it's going to be easy to use.
And then, what was the real surprise that we all got slapped with at E3?
No, I'd like to go on the record saying that I never thought it was a good idea,
but I did think that the whole not having the UMD drive in there
was a stupid idea and I couldn't believe that they were that stupid to do that.
And sure enough, they were that stupid.
Look, I don't think that's a stupid idea.
I think it's a fine idea and this whole PSP Go is a fine system,
but not for $250.
That price point ruined the whole thing.
And that was the only surprise that they kept under wraps.
That's sort of like deja vu if you think about it.
The price point ruined the whole thing.
$600 PS3. The price point ruined the whole thing.
Oh, but it has Blu-Ray and it's $600.
So whoever is determining what the prices should be at Sony needs to wake the fuck up, basically, is what it is.
And stop eating crayons, Jamie is yelling from the kitchen.
Isn't the door supposed to be shut while recording is in progress? No, I'm kidding.
Alright, if you want to comment on this, 1877 Game OLR,
looking at some comments in chat, Game Guru says cheap is the term that Sony needs to learn.
D5T says moving to flash-based media is the future.
Movable parts are old.
See, I'm almost with him here.
I mean, you can't say Sony, screw you, for losing UMD when you're also watching on the same token.
Microsoft's now getting into digital distribution with the whole classic Xbox 360 games,
or I'm sorry, new Xbox 360 games available for download on the site.
We were talking in the first half of the show tonight about Xbox possibly launching a cheaper console next year
that's going to be targeted at the family audience.
Who's to say that if they do that, this system is going to lose the disk drive completely
and could possibly be an online-only download thing using the hand-wavy Natal device to make you choose your games?
It won't work because people like buying stuff.
They like having the physical disk in their hand.
And yeah, I know people that have the iPhone stuff go crazy over the App Store because there's everything in there.
But you know what?
It's just, if you could go, if it took like disks or something like that,
I'm sure people would probably want to buy this because you know what?
You know what you can do with disks?
You can return them when they don't work.
You can return them when you don't like them.
You can return them when you're done with them.
You can resell them.
Digital download, you bought it, you're stuck with it.
If it sucks, too bad. You bought it.
Dekeman in our chatroom, chat.orangelandtraded.com, says the reason they gave for the price was to compete with the iPhone.
If Apple can do it, then so can we.
And the funny thing was they dropped them.
Basically, they think they can get away with it since people pay for it.
Apple's tech, they'll pay it for ours.
Oh, well, whoops.
It was just announced this week that the iPhone's coming down to $99.
Now it's going to cost $99 for somebody to get an iPhone.
Granted, yeah, they're going to have to sign away their life on the two-year contract.
But guess what?
Most people don't think about that.
They just think, ooh, shiny, $99 iPhone, and hey, I'll sign this two-year contract because that's how long I expect this to last anyway.
And seriously, if Sony didn't see that one coming, they are mentally deficient.
And whoever did not see that one coming at Sony needs to be fired.
They have no business working in business.
A moron walking off the street, my mother, who doesn't even know how to put a CD in a computer, could tell you.
Apple, I love my mom, but she's technically stupid, and I can say that in the nicest possible way.
Even my mother knows every June Apple gets up there, parades out Steve Jobs.
They couldn't do that this year, obviously, with their one more thing.
Everybody knows Apple upgrades their shit every year and gets people to buy it all over again.
It works for Apple.
It is not going to work for Sony at those prices.
Sony is not Apple, and the other thing, too, is they have a huge following with Apple.
Sony doesn't quite have that following with the PSP.
And to be honest, and I really, really hate to say this, there's more features in the iPhone than there are right now in the PSP.
I mean, it's got a touch screen on it.
Hell, if they added a touch screen to the PSP, that might be a whole different story.
Hey, that might be worth picking up, because that's completely different.
It's going to open up a whole different set of possibilities if they had support with, like, I know it has support now with Bluetooth or something like that.
Big whoop. Oh, goody.
And look, and to those that want to make the argument that, well, Apple releases their new toys at high-end prices.
You know, granted, I'll give you that.
Their laptops, I don't think I'm going to buy another Apple laptop.
They are too expensive for what you get.
For someone like me.
Your mic's not on, dear.
Oh, shit.
I went to talking with some other people in the art industry, you know, and a couple people were actually saying that they were noticing that there's not as much need for people to have a Mac these days.
In the industry, now that the PCs are catching up and, you know, different programs are saying, hey, people actually use PCs, you know.
So even that edge is starting to blur a little bit.
I think Apple's in for a rude awakening in the laptop market within the next couple years.
But they've got it on the iPhone.
I mean, you know, Apple right now is a phone company.
That is what Apple is doing best.
They are a phone and music company.
They don't really, well, God, I'm going to get so much hate mail for this.
But look, as somebody who's going out there wanting to get a new laptop and so forth, I cannot look at these two things.
Like you look at a Mac laptop over here and then a PC that does all the same stuff.
I can't continue to do that anymore.
However, Apple has it nailed on the iPhone.
$199 for their newest model, the 3GS.
Granted, yes, you're signing these contracts, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
People are probably going to do it anyway.
But look, you have the $199 iPhone, the $249 PSP Go.
I can watch movies on both.
Check.
I can get on the internet with both.
Check.
I can play music on both.
Check.
I can play games on both that I download online.
Check.
The only thing the Sony PSP has got is that the games are of a higher caliber than the ones you see on the iPhone.
I will give it that.
Right now, and supposedly the 3GS has better specs or something than the 3G, so maybe they will be a little bit better later on.
And it also doesn't have actual control pads, so that does kind of limit them as far as games go.
Rama in chat says, Rob Roberts, everything you have done on your MacBook can be done on a $500 PC laptop flawlessly.
That's what I'm starting to find out, too.
And part of what I loved about Macs is that they were so easy, you know, so great.
But here's the nice thing.
Finally, someone at Microsoft kind of wised up, oh my gosh, Apple's starting to bite into us a little bit here with this whole...
I think they're making it easier.
I don't know.
I'm going to open up this whole can of worms on the computer debate.
That's not what I want to do.
I want to talk about the PSP Go and all this stuff, you know, and the whole fact that it's $249 is way too much to be charging for that.
Actually, that wasn't even really originally what I wanted to talk about.
It was supposed to be about keeping secrets in the industry and people not respecting confidentiality in the industry.
Is that, you know, there's this fine line here where people want to know everything.
You know what I mean?
And there's such a real dog-eat-dog thing in the media and these blogs right now.
Every blog wants to be first.
Every blog wants to have the exclusive.
Blogs get pissed off when other blogs steal their stories that were an exclusive and so on and all of this.
How much is too much in regards to confidentiality?
I mean, the demand is out there.
People want to know.
The millisecond these things are thought of, Sony is even thinking about doing this.
People want to know about it.
How far is too far with this whole confidentiality?
Did this go too far?
Did the PSP go getting announced early and a lot of these other things, was that too far?
I don't know.
I don't have an easy answer for this.
Then don't tell these people.
If you want to keep a secret, you don't say anything.
You don't keep a secret by saying, go and tell 100 people.
Oh, by the way, don't tell anybody this.
But don't you have to tell your developers that they're going to be making the games?
Well, obviously someone else is blogging about it and leaking this stuff out.
You have people that are leaking out stuff all the time and they can hide behind the Internet.
They can be whomever.
They can be some industry mole and go on the record and stuff.
And they probably get some sort of joy out of having the exclusive story that no one knows about.
I mean, we've kind of also seen the other side of that too.
We once blew somebody's exclusive and they threatened to cut us off at the balls.
And it was kind of one of these things where it's like, well, wait a minute.
How come all these other people can get away with it?
And we've also seen it in the past too with NDAs where other people are given preferential treatment
because they're a big website and they're going to run an exclusive story.
Oh, let's decide which website gets to run the exclusive story.
And that's the shit that needs to stop right now because that's just encouraging people to one-up others.
I'm sorry. No pun intended.
Anyhow, let's move on.
See, now they're getting into the PC Mac debate and chat and I'm so sorry I opened that can of worms.
Look, buy what you like, like what you like.
Just have fun with it.
It's your money.
Buy whatever you want.
All I'm saying is that from my perspective right now as an average laptop user who wants to use Internet and all this stuff,
I've bought the MacBook before and it broke.
I thought Macs were never supposed to break.
They were supposed to be infallible machines that never get viruses and so forth.
And now I'm sitting here and I've really had to reevaluate this whole thing.
Is it worth it for me to spend that much on a computer again?
And for the things I want to do, I don't think it is.
Not until the apples come way down in price to be competitive with the PCs.
That's what I'm saying.
And removing features to cut costs is not an answer, Apple.
So, anyhow, sorry.
I apologize for getting completely off track.
Let's get back to video games.
Oh, what a video game on the next story, correct?
Yes. Of course, this is a classic and a remade game now coming to Xbox Live Arcade as an exclusive for a limited time.
That would be, of course, the brand new, or I guess, brand new remake.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Turtles in Time re-shelled, which looks pretty awesome, actually.
Completely redone 3D and, of course, will be available on Xbox Live Arcade July 22nd.
But, as for the PlayStation Network, later this year.
Well, I guess that's pretty cool that the games got dated and so forth, but how about the whole exclusive window thing?
I mean, is this another blow to Sony?
Is this simply a limit of, I don't know, are they saying that they actually have bought the timed exclusive window to this?
No.
Or is there some underlying technical problem that's causing this to be delayed on Sony?
I don't think there's a technical problem at all.
I think it's a deal, because if you think about it, this is actually part of the Summer of Live, or the Live Arcade Summer of Arcade, whatever the hell they're calling that.
So, they're gonna get an extra marketing push because of that, and probably the deal was that they gotta put it out later because of that.
What marketing push?
I mean, really, is being in the Summer of Arcade that much of a boost to sales?
It might be.
Really?
What do they do? What's the big deal about being in the Summer of Arcade?
The fact that they cluster a lot of highly anticipated games all together.
But for most Xbox Live Arcade games, I can think of anything I've anticipated, I knew where to seek it out and buy it.
Do they run extra ads in magazines?
They have a splash trailer thing or something, I don't know.
I guess. It just doesn't seem like that much of a boost.
Well, I'm just speculating, I don't know.
Maybe they had trouble developing on the PlayStation Network. I don't know what it is.
I don't think they would because Ubisoft would imagine.
Well, they're publishing it. Who knows who's developing it?
I mean, I don't know.
It could be something retarded. It probably is something retarded.
But you know what? Just get used to it.
I need to see more of this game in action.
So it's just pretty much a port of the old arcade game, but with those kind of cooler, upgraded graphics?
Yeah.
Huh. I guess that's kind of neat.
I know there's a lot of folks in our chat room that are anticipating the whole Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game.
Of course, they're still arguing about PCs and Macs, so I don't really have a lot of comments to read.
Hey, I don't have to say anything anymore.
Hold on, let's see. Rama in chat says,
Super NES exclusive. Wasn't the Super Famicom version a direct port?
I don't know what game they're even talking about there.
Maybe Turtles.
Oh, it must be the same thing. Oh yeah, because Marin said earlier,
just play your Super Nintendo copy of the game like I will.
I guess, yeah, this whole timed exclusive thing does go back a little bit even to the days of Super Nintendo and Genesis.
Mortal Kombat was out on the Super Nintendo for a while before the Genesis, right? Am I right?
I know Street Fighter was, but then when it came out on the Genesis, they got, ooh, Championship Edition.
And that whole thing. Maybe they did come out at the same time. I think I was thinking of Street Fighter.
It was a long time ago.
And then Dark Tetsuya says, I forget, I just remember the Super Nintendo version having the extra levels and bosses.
Ooh, are we getting some of that in this? Extra levels and stuff?
There might be extra levels.
I mean, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was a pretty huge Xbox Live game when it came out anyway.
Folks playing it online and having fun on Live with it, so I'm sure this is going to be no different.
I'm sure it'll be fun.
Yeah.
So, there you go.
Alright, well that game will be coming out July 22nd, I believe it was, so keep an eye out for that.
Moving on with more news, Metal Gear Solid Rising.
Of course, this was the whole moment at E3 where they came out at the Microsoft press conference.
The Xbox is getting Metal Gear Solid Rising.
And a lot of people were waiting for it, the whole Metal Gear Solid 4 thing.
Of course, now it should be noted, Metal Gear Solid Rising is not exclusive to the Xbox.
It's going on Xbox and PlayStation.
And a lot of folks are saying, well, it's going to still be.
It's like Metal Gear is continuing on or what have you.
But, apparently, it is a whole new engine for Metal Gear Solid Rising.
If you're thinking this is Metal Gear Solid 4 Plus or some game that was made in Metal Gear Solid 4's engine, uh-uh.
Sean Eyestone, who is an assistant producer at Kojima Productions, says the team is remaking Rising's engine from scratch.
Their goal, I should say, to make it look better than Metal Gear Solid 4.
And this is from a Kojima Productions podcast that came out this week.
Apparently, they are saying it is a big project like Metal Gear Solid 4.
The team is serious about making it look as good as possible on every platform.
That's kind of cool.
I mean, who cares? So what?
So Metal Gear Solid 4 came out and was exclusive to the Sony.
Good for them. How well is it selling now?
Still okay, but not what it used to be selling.
I don't think anyone is buying the system nowadays from Metal Gear Solid 4.
And now it's coming out on both systems, because I think they know that it would be a mistake to skip on the 360.
Because there is a lot of potential sales there, especially now that they didn't have Metal Gear Solid 4.
And so they're going to get a lot more money out of it.
And it's all about money nowadays, because times are tough.
So I'm not surprised.
And I am... I don't know.
It'd be weird if they kind of went in the opposite direction.
But it makes sense to them, just to put it out on both systems.
The Rob D. in chat, by the way, says,
So we're going from talking about a turtles game to talking about Solid Snakes.
What does this show become?
It has this reptile jungle tonight on Orange Lawns Radio, apparently.
Chat.orangelawnsradio.com if you want to make a smart ass comment like that one.
But, you know, I guess at first, when I first heard about this, I was like,
Oh, they're cranking this game out so fast because Metal Gear Solid 4,
they're just going to reuse that engine, and so forth.
But now, that doesn't seem to be the case.
So, you could look at this a couple of ways.
I get really excited when I hear,
Oh, they're going to make it look even better, and so forth.
But weren't they saying one of the reasons that they didn't port
Metal Gear Solid 4 to the Xbox 360?
And let's face it, folks, they never will at this point.
It is not happening.
This is what you're getting.
Be happy with this, Microsoft fans.
There is not Metal Gear Solid 4 coming into the Xbox 360.
If that was ever going to happen, it would have been announced before this.
So, that being said, is it possible,
they said that Metal Gear Solid 4 would not be ported to the Xbox 360
because it was made for Blu-ray.
The types of graphics that were on it and everything that was packed in that disk
was made for Blu-ray.
So that makes me think, OK, well then by that argument,
if they're scaling this back to fit every platform,
they're going to have to scale it back, not make it better.
Wrong.
And this goes back to what we were talking about earlier.
Metal Gear Solid 4 was going to max out the PS3,
but now they've learned that they can optimize their code.
There's different techniques.
And to be honest, their excuse was,
Oh, it's so big it can only fit on Blu-ray.
But at the same time, oh, and no one wants to swap disks, by the way,
which is retarded because there's a five-minute install
between sections of the game.
I mean, come on.
They could have easily swapped disks.
I'd rather spend two seconds to swap a disk
than to spend five minutes loading a section of the game to my hard drive.
And if I really wanted to do that with multiple disks,
I could do that now in the new Microsoft interface.
I can install each portion if I wanted to.
TigerKlonChat makes a really good point.
It says, also notice Metal Gear Solid Rising says,
Lightning Bolt action.
Maybe it's a new type of gameplay.
Given that Raiden is a ninja, it could very well be a hack and slash game.
Have we had anything confirmed that this is a stealth action game
like the other Metal Gear Solid games?
Or is TigerKlon to something here?
Because it's not Metal Gear Solid 5.
It's Metal Gear Solid Rising.
Maybe the type of game we're anticipating here should be,
maybe we need to set our expectations for something different.
Maybe we're looking at an action game, a beat-em-up.
I don't know about that.
Turtles in Time version of Metal Gear Solid.
I don't know about that far.
But that is interesting that it doesn't say anything
about the whole stealth, it's lightning bolt action.
Do you think that would be as successful if they change up the genre?
Maybe. Maybe not.
I guess it just depends on how good the game is.
I think people will bitch and moan, but they'll probably still buy it
because they're Metal Gear Solid fans.
Perhaps.
Alright, we'll see.
Let's continue on with some more news.
If you want to call us on this or any topic we're talking about,
give us a call at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
We haven't had a phone call in a little while.
Don't be shy.
Give us a call at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Well, Xbox Live community games, they're getting a little bit of a facelift.
Starting in late July, Xbox Live community games
will now be changing to Xbox Live Indie games.
And apparently it's in response to community feedback
in order to increase understanding and promote the games.
So they're going to launch XNA Game Studio 3.1.
And apparently the game creators have, I guess they want to change
the appearance of the community games.
And indie games, it makes more sense.
Because community games, you kind of think of games made out of someone's garage.
Whereas indie games, you know, indie movies, sometimes they're gems
and they're just created with lower budget.
Maybe indie games will kind of give off that impression
that it's just going to be good games with lower budget.
I don't know about you, but I look at the XNA stuff
and there's a lot of it that sucks out there.
And there's a lot of stuff on there now.
I mean, a ton of things that you can play.
And a lot of them are really good.
But a lot of them are really, really bad.
What do you think about this whole rating system that's coming into the games?
Is this going to be a good thing or a bad thing?
I think it's a good thing.
It'll be able to separate the crap from the not-crap.
And I would love to see user-rated stuff.
So I can look at these games that people think are great.
Maybe have a way that you can see what your friends rate it or something like that.
So if I have similar tastes to, say, Rob,
I can play the games that he likes or something like that.
Now that's a good idea.
Maybe what I'm worried about with ratings is that in theory it sounds like a good idea.
But do you know what I'm worried about?
The dig effect.
You know how stories get bumped to the top of dig.com that you're like,
why the hell is this here?
And it's because so-and-so has millions of friends that will dig up the story for them.
And to be fair, we've had it happen to our stories before,
and I'm sure that's thanks to our OL Army.
So don't hear me wrong.
It's not necessarily a bad thing or whatever.
I would be worried in regards to this context of the whole indie games is that
what if a game maker whose game isn't really good
has 100 friends to go on there and rate it as great.
That's going to give it exposure it doesn't really deserve, I guess you could say.
And it's the same thing with iTunes reviews,
because I went off a couple weeks on the show.
A couple weeks ago on the show I was going off about,
I'm pissed off that somebody would actually take the time to write a negative review
about our show and post it with all the...
Granted, if somebody's saying things that have merit and real constructive criticism,
then I would shut up.
Then I would take the criticism and see what we can do with that.
But it sucks that somebody who might be a fan of some other show
who doesn't know how to support any podcasting,
who deserves to have karma bite him in the ass or something,
can have somebody go around and rate a bunch of other shows a 1
and no action gets taken against that user.
That user's opinion carries just as much weight
as somebody who actually thinks out their reviews.
Does that make any sense at all what I'm saying?
Yeah, it makes sense.
I would fear that just because somebody has a lot of friends,
their game gets all this extra exposure.
And you look at the top shows on iTunes,
again going back to iTunes, sorry,
but it's something I feel pretty passionate about.
You look at all the top shows on iTunes,
most of them are 1Ups, IGNs, Game Spots, G4s,
commercial, down your throat type fare.
And it kind of sucks for the rest of us
when podcasts were supposed to be an indie thing.
Until the mainstream jumped on board
because they saw it as a way to reach out to the community.
And now podcasts are everywhere.
And then at the same time, taking it a step further,
somebody who has the 100 friends that are willing to do
whatever they say or whatever, go and spam this game a 1
just because they don't like the person that made it
or what have you.
Or there's a competing game in the genre
that they don't want to have more exposure.
I could just see this ratings thing used for bad purposes.
And I hope there's a way, like you're saying, Loki,
to either see what my friends rated games
and only base my judgment off what my friends think of games
and maybe not the community as a whole,
or rate the raters would be a great thing.
Rate the raters.
That's something they need to bring to iTunes,
is rating the raters.
And you kind of can too a little bit.
You can say, was this comment helpful?
Yes or no.
But it really doesn't have any bearing on the author as a whole.
I think that's something I would like to see,
is you rate the rater.
And as the rater's rating goes up,
their rating carries more weight.
And as it goes down, it loses weight.
That's what I'd like to see.
That was a lot of uses of the word rate.
Only in the perfect world.
Yeah.
But I don't know.
I kind of think that's the way to do it.
But yeah, that one indie game you were talking about
earlier in the show, Attack, or what was it?
Barry Attack?
It was Angry Barry.
Angry Barry.
And you know where I saw that.
And I hate to say this, but IGN, actually,
they do a segment that's a community shower,
I think is what they call it.
And basically they cover, you know,
the last week of community games that came out,
and the ones that they like and the ones they don't like.
And that one had a video for it.
They actually shot a little video for Angry Barry, I think.
I don't know if they shot it,
or if they just got a trailer from the website
or something like that, but that's what it was from.
And then I went all exciting, you know, and downloaded it,
only to find out that it's broken.
So that sucked.
Marin in chat brings up a good point.
He says, but what if somebody doesn't agree with the rating person,
and so they rate the person lowly based on their opinion,
not their review rating?
That's a fair argument.
I mean, I guess it's...
The system, it's going to basically,
what it's going to come down to is,
yeah, there's going to be people that are going to do that,
and, you know, rally their friends,
but in the end it all equals out,
because there's a lot more people not involved with them
that, you know, aren't going to be rating and stuff.
So that it'll be just a slight fluctuation,
and that's really kind of,
you've got to account for that kind of error in there.
Well, I hope you're right,
and we can all hear you eating over there.
I just hit the mic with my plate.
Also, Kay Levster says,
I think it will sort itself out.
The Xbox Live community is far more liquid than Dig.
I don't know, though.
There's some real, like, come on.
You've played Halo Online.
I don't know if you have,
but a lot of you have played, like, Halo Online.
There are some people who play those games online.
I don't want to hear their opinions.
I don't want to hear what they have to say.
You know what I mean?
These people that get on there and say n-word, n-word, f-word, f-word.
You know who I'm talking about.
Like, is there a way I could just, like, block out their ratings?
If I block them on Xbox Live, will it block their ratings out too?
I do think it would be really smart,
and it would also, once again, go back to tying in.
Because you can do, like, with your Xbox Live arcade games,
you can see where you rank, like, in the leaderboards versus the world
versus, you know, your friends.
And I think their reviews should also be the same way.
If your friends have reviewed that,
you should be able to see their reviews,
or you can just see the community as a whole.
Ooh, like Netflix.
Netflix, perfect. Perfect model.
And Xbox has it in with Netflix anyway.
There you go.
There you go.
Steal from Netflix.
There's the answer.
Great.
All right.
Well, I want to move on to another story,
and it has to do with Microsoft.
A whole lot of Microsoft tonight.
But Project Natal, going back to that, talking about,
we were talking about it a little bit during Part A,
but it's made its mainstream television debut.
That's right.
It showed up on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.
It showed up a little earlier this week.
Oop, I'm bringing up the actual Hulu thing here in studio,
although they're going to do a commercial here,
so I'm going to mute it for that,
because if the commercial people aren't going to pay us,
I'm not going to rebroadcast that.
But I do want to show a little bit about the whole Jimmy Fallon late night thing.
They actually showed Natal on it, and I don't know why,
but they all were wearing these red jumpsuits and things
when they were demoing it.
But certainly it was interesting, if nothing else,
to actually see this being played by somebody who wasn't a Microsoft spokesperson.
You know what I mean?
It was a real person at least checking this out.
All right, let's actually see if we can check this out just a little bit here.
It's a bunch of red shirts. Kill them.
I'm going to actually forward ahead a little bit here in the video
so we can actually see where they're playing.
My avatar walks with me.
How much room can you put this one in your dorm room?
Oh, totally.
We'll be able to fit it into all types of different living spaces
so anybody can get in and play it.
Now this is going to work with all Xbox 360s.
People already have any one that's bought in the future.
It all just works.
I want this now.
Excellent.
Well, I'm sure we can work out a deal for you.
Jimmy Fallon, you're not funny.
Still.
I'm going to do a little quick demo.
I'm going to forward a little ahead to where they're actually playing.
Come on.
You can see where the shadow is there.
It's like a 3D little breakout game.
This is one of the games they were showing actually
at E3 as one of the demos.
It's kind of cool.
Let me turn this down a little bit.
Yeah, it looks like fun to flail around like a fool for a little while,
but I don't know for how long.
Again, I don't think there's an actual game here,
but if this is a minigame in a much larger game,
I think this could be cool.
You're doing it like volleyball.
Yeah, I mean, the game, you know,
it looks like it might be fun for a little while.
I don't know about the longevity of it,
but a lot of weak games.
I think this is a demo.
This is a demo, though.
Yeah, but, okay, yeah.
To be fair, it's a tech demo.
No, like, games.
So was Wii Sports and Wii Play.
So a lot of the things you saw in Wii Play were tech demos, too.
I think this will come out if nothing else is an Xbox Live arcade game.
You'll see this.
They'll make a game out of this somehow.
But...
I think that there...
I honestly, though, see a whole lot of potential for this technology, though.
There really is.
Honestly, I'm not ready to pass judgment on it yet.
Really, I'm not.
sj100map makes a correction to something I was saying.
Correction, Rob, that was the only demo they did on stage, I believe.
That's a good point.
When they did that whole Milo thing, that was a pre-taped video.
But they did a demo on stage, though.
They did that exact same game on stage with Project Natal at the press conference.
Got it.
So this is like their touring game that they have to show at the stuff.
But still, the nice thing about it was,
it was, you know, say what you want to about Jimmy Fallon
and his humor or lack thereof.
He's not somebody in the game industry.
He's like a quote-unquote real person now demoing this.
So you know it wasn't rigged.
Does that make sense?
Yes.
You know, everything that happened was, you know, like a real thing.
So now I feel like this is really the first time we're really getting to see this in action.
Because Natal was hidden on the show floor.
And they weren't letting regular people play it.
Like, this was a huge step in actually seeing this.
By the way, sorry to get off track here,
but what is up with Jimmy Fallon, like, kind of like tapping into the game industry lately?
Well, that's what he says. His thing was that he wants to treat game releases like movie releases.
Like, he's a big gamer, I guess.
And apparently he's going to start doing more content like this.
Is that maybe because of his audience?
Because, you know, who stays up to watch Late Night College Kids?
Maybe he's trying to tap a new audience because, you know,
a lot of the audience that was fans of Conan moved to Conan.
And also maybe he realizes he's not that funny.
So, you know, stick with what you know.
Well, to be fair, you know what, to be fair, Conan had a real rough first six months.
You know, a lot of people wrote him off when the show first started.
He didn't find his niche for a year.
So I'm willing to give Jimmy Fallon a year. Whatever.
But all that aside, you know, he has been, you know, pretty decent, I guess, about coverage.
I feel like I'm getting more gaming coverage watching Jimmy Fallon than I am most times I'm watching G4, E3 Accepted.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
They had Jason Sudeikis or whatever his name is kind of around at E3.
That's kind of funny. I like the little video they did for that.
Yeah, Kay Levster in chat makes a funny comment.
He wants to get his games for free, thus now he's scared.
Tigerclaw says Jimmy Fallon is a bit of a tech geek.
He had the guys from Dignation on the show before.
He's living up to his promising of promoting video games.
Well, I'm glad somebody is.
Alright, well, regardless, it was kind of nice to see Natal actually kind of making a show on a big, you know, well, I don't know if you want to say big,
but a fair show that has at least a million people watching it and getting, you know, a live real person who doesn't work for the company playing it.
Hmm.
No, it kind of changed topics a little bit.
Apparently, Alexey Pajitnov, the creator of Tetris.
Of course, you know, Tetris just had its 25th anniversary not too long ago.
Apparently, he's saying that he wants, well, it's, you know, so huge right now with, you know, with like 125 million copies sold.
And, you know, probably one of the, I think one of the biggest, most recognized games out there.
He's saying they could see probably an evolution of Tetris becoming a sport.
Of course, the future is that a country that has 48 million people living in it,
and the biggest casual gaming site in the country has 24 million registered users.
That country is Korea.
That's what's going to happen in the rest of the world.
So kind of like, you know, everybody competing in this first virtual sport.
Sports like baseball and football were created at a time when their future was a lifetime of physical activities and physical fitness.
But now that's not as important.
It's more about mental fitness today.
And Tetris is a virtual sport that exercises the mind.
That's the definition of a virtual sport.
So how exactly would, I guess I'm not getting it, how exactly, where would the sport be in this?
Competing one-on-one.
It's just, you know, a bunch of people in a Tetris tournament.
The end.
Hmm.
Interesting, though, that it seems like we always have this video games as a sport discussion comes up once in a while.
Remember when they wanted to make DDR a sport?
Or they did in a couple of countries.
I know, but here's the thing.
I think we're looking at it, when we say sports, we think physical sports.
And he's trying to say that there's other sports out there, like chess.
Chess is not a physical sport.
I mean, you play it physically, but it's more mental.
Is chess at the Olympics?
I don't think so.
I don't know.
That's a very good question.
I wonder if one of our chatters knows.
Is chess an Olympic sport?
I don't think it is.
Hmm.
But like, you know, stuff like that.
You know, nowadays, you know, with a lot of gamers out there now, they have, you know, the, you know, championship gaming stuff that they do,
which making, you know, people into actual teams and stuff like that and promoting them like a football team and stuff.
That's cool and all, but I don't know.
That's not really the model I see.
Three no's in chat, by the way.
Chess is not an Olympic sport.
And, in fact, I even Googled it, and there was an article in Time Magazine, August 5th of 2008, chess and bridge enthusiasts,
they are lobbying the International Olympic Committee to allow their games.
I don't think that they should be.
I mean, the Olympics is a physical sports competition.
It shouldn't be.
You know, DDR shouldn't be really a sport.
I mean, you play it physically, but it's not...
Oh, DDR is hard to compete in anyways. It's basically about accuracy and, you know, as far as a way to actually grade it and freestyle and stuff.
It's kind of stupid because that's just interpretive dance, so I don't know.
Well, but they have interpretive dance in the Olympics.
Yeah, and why do you need DDR? I would think it'd be retarded, and it would only give Konami more reasons.
DDR is more of a... Oh, God, not to get down on this, but in its heyday, DDR would have been better suited for something like the X Games,
or something, you know, like an ESPN2 Olympics, you know what I mean?
ESPN8, the Ocho.
Exactly, the Ocho Olympics.
So why shouldn't Tetris be on... Did you ever see the movie Dodgeball?
No.
Because Jamie's giving us this look of, like, what the hell are you guys saying?
That's the joke.
I want to know what planet you're from.
Alright, anyway.
What else? Ah, now I lost my train of thought. Choo-choo, derailed.
Is this the type of thing that he thinks should be televised, or what?
I guess we don't know, but...
I don't know. I mean, this is just him making a comment, and bloggers picking up on it, like, going,
Oh my God, he thinks it should be a sport!
Well, if it, let's say it was the type of sport that you would see on the Ocho, or, you know, in all reality, ESPN2 or something like that, would you watch it?
Nope.
I'm curious, chatters, if Tetris was a sport, and they broadcast the big, uh, the big showdowns live on ESPN or ESPN2 or ABC Wild World of Sports, would you watch it?
I guess this all goes into competitive gaming.
Human Tetris.
They, well, they did make a show out of that, aren't they? Isn't that going to be a show on Fox or something?
It is already. Yeah, it's The Wall.
It was like, they did it as a gag on Ellen, like, five minutes a week or something.
Well, it was in Japan. It's an actual show in Japan, and they do it for fun there, but, you know, we have to do it for prizes.
No such thing as fun and game shows.
Osfer in chat says, I go to Ohio tournaments often, and I can say that DDR is definitely competitive enough to be an Olympic sport.
Chat.orangelandradio.com.
Kay Levster says, watching Tetris is like watching golf, so, no.
There's a whole channel dedicated to golf, though, mind you.
Exactly.
A whole channel.
It would, it just wouldn't be something that, I mean, it's hard to make it interesting, I guess.
If you're going to say no to that, though, what about competitive gaming on TV?
Should we just not have competitive gaming on TV, then?
Like the, you know, Counter-Strike tournaments and, you know, whatever the first person shooter hit of the week happens to be that they're playing online?
Should they not be televised, either?
No, I don't think it's an issue of them being televised at all. It's just a way of how we're able to capture it and film it.
Sports, that's easy to televise because you can, you know, usually all the gameplay and stuff is going on in one area.
You can, you know, zoom back to catch the whole field and stuff like that.
Like, doing Counter-Strike, you can't really film that.
There's no way that you can see everything that's going on all at once because of the nature of the game it is.
You have to kind of focus on the different players and stuff.
I guess, I don't know, it's, you know, NASCAR, you can kind of do that kind of stuff where you can film the whole pack of cars and stuff, but they do like the in-car camps and that kind of thing.
But, it's just hard to film it and make it interesting in the same way as like a football game or a baseball game or something like that.
Where they've been doing it for years and they've figured out, you know, they have commentators and know what they're talking about and stuff like that.
It's like, you know, if you started filming Counter-Strike or something like that and you started talking about it, you know, and you had, you know, commentators going,
this person so I don't know who these people are I'm aware that counter-strike
exists and what it basically is but I don't know who any of these players are
and this wouldn't really be interesting to me I don't know it's it's just it's
really tough to broadcast and you're not going to get the same responses like the
NFL or something the Rob D in chat makes comment that see this is the problem
competitive gaming how many different things can happen in football you might
see something that you've never seen before every week in DDR the
participants aren't even interacting it's a matter of seeing who scores the
most I think it would take a lot more animations and reactions to make it more
it is hard to like with a fighting game or something like that I think the
fighting game would be the easiest thing to film because it's all one screen you
can see all the action all at once you know but the problem is it's moving so
fast it's hard to commentate on that you can't really commentate where there's
baseball there's a punch in there oh my gosh I do get no my gosh it is a super
combo attack on the kind of you know it was baseball and football there's a lot
of you know different you know pauses in the game where you can catch up the
speeds the instant replays that kind of stuff they've figured out of filling you
know the gaps but it's just it's too difficult to film this like it like a
sport I think a little bit of back and forth going on ospher says it's still
competing whoever can get the highest score on max unlimited isn't really that
different than who can get the best time on a 100 meter dash hmm also a lot of
talk about that old show arena on g4 a lot of fans of that show in our chat
room right now I wasn't that big on arena you know why because it was so
heavily edited you were only really seeing the highlights of every match and
I don't know like I felt like I didn't learn enough about the game and the
actual strategy and how to get better from just seeing and it was so fast the
way they went back and forth from all the different piece I didn't never felt
like I really understood what was going on watching that show maybe it's just
because I'm not into first-person shooters as much as I am other games but
that was my problem see they could do like something I'm I don't even know if
a game exists out there like that would like Call of Duty 4 actually this be
more like operation of flashpoint 2 I think because it's more open-world but
like you could do something where you have two different teams you can show
them strategizing you you know about the game beforehand you know planning out
stuff they could talk about the different possibilities how they may be
able to like okay your team you know the red team right here can you know go down
flank under this you know through this valley or something like that you know
but then they have to watch out so there's a lot of commentary in like
visual aids that they could do there but it's just it's really tough once again
and I am pretty much stresses almost every sentence now it's really tough to
film this stuff to make it interesting you just I don't know it's unless it's
like you know a NASCAR game or like Project Gotham would kind of work
because they had the spectator mode where you can actually watch the cars
and stuff racing around almost like as you were you know watching a you know
television production of you know race so you could do something similar like
that and that might work as far as commentary and stuff goes you know maybe
like a Ridge Racer would be kind of interesting but you know it really it's
only specific types of games and I don't know first-person shooters are really
going to work because it's so massive and there's so much stuff going on SSJ
100 Matt says this and we're going to move on try to get towards the end of
the show here the fact is statistics and ratings show people don't really care
for watching people playing video games yet Starcraft televised competitions
works in Korea Tiger Claw in chat says the problem was showing live gameplay of
attorney is the action can get very repetitive and the average viewer will
get bored by it Wallace gamers are used to seeing the repetitiveness of the
games all right we're going to leave it there if you have further comments you
can always send us an email mailbag orange lounge radio.com but we want to
get to the F use of the week and of course something has to inspire the F use
of the week what better than a stupid gamer doing something stupid it was a
brotherly argument over video games it was an 11 year old Mississippi kid
shooting a nine-year-old brother in the chest with a shotgun according to
Sheriff Kenny Dickerson from Mark Marshall County the younger brother
allegedly got mad because he beat got beat at some video games and got the gun
the older brother said the weapon automatically went off when the two
fought over it so yeah by the way they're saying that is unlikely the kid
will be charged because he is under 13 years old and the entire incident
appeared to be an accident anyway that's the part that disturbs me a lot like a
lot like I realize he's a child but oh my god like not a mention of the parents
and like what parent keeps a shotgun accessible to their 11 year old and
obviously not you know a good one oh this just gives gamers everywhere a bad
name to I hate it when stories like this are picked up by video game blogs too
because it's just kind of like this really didn't have anything to do with
video games yeah they fought over video games but you'll maybe not so much the
gamer blogs I hate it when the mainstream media picks up these stories
because it makes gamers look violent when this really has nothing to do with
the video games this has everything to do with just blatant stupidity and bad
bad bad terrible pain or parenting hmm so with that the F use of the week
Oh dark soccer would you care to start us off with a rant of your own tonight
if you do not let shit go Loki f you to moving especially my cat which it's not
really her fault but she can't sleep right now because she's worried and
doesn't know what's going on cats having trouble adjusting to places so she kept
this up all night Oh and F you to myself for accidentally breaking the water line
going to my fridge causing it to drip but in defense I think it's broken
before I messed with it anyway so but cost me $175 have a plumber come out
this morning fix it after you to people that you thought were great friends that
seemed to disappear off the face of the planet altogether you know it just kind
of sucks like to be felt like sometimes you're being dropped like a hot potato
in I don't know for whatever reason so it's kind of stinks you know friends
supposed to stick by each other through thick and thin sometimes I get the
feeling that's not happening so F you to those general feelings of angst I hope
I'm just I hope it's all in my head all right let's move on towards the end of
the program here I think we're going to get into the rapid-fire news tonight so
I'm just kind of going over some of the stories we didn't talk about more in
depth but things you might want to know about anyway dark soccer you want to
start off with your share of rapid-fire news tonight well we've just had a green
day sign up for rock band so we'll have 21 guns know your enemy East Jesus
nowhere from 21st century breakdown which was not really a good album then
we have a salmon max 1 coming to Xbox live for 1600 Microsoft points good more
people will try it now yep also world of warcraft is slashing mount requirements
so that you can get them at level 20 and epic mounts will be available at 40
flying mounts at 60 whoopty shit and then the new Zelda game which there's
not a whole bunch out on though they're saying that it should include motion
plus or actually sorry that it it that it may require you to have the motion
plus Marissa con gusto and Chad is actually commenting on the green day
story Green Bay day rock band most of their songs are only three chords well
you know that would work though because the easy mode you only have three
buttons right so I guess I could just kind of line it up there yeah Loki
rapid-fire news all right so apparently target is now offering gift cards with
select motion plus games and guitar hero smash hits apparently if you an ad that
they had running I guess the week of June 14th it's showing that if you buy
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2010 and that's with motion plus and grand slam tennis
you will receive a $20 target gift card if you happen to buy guitar hero smash
hits you get a $5 gift card so hey that's cool five bucks you know if
you're interested in that game rock bands getting some music of course this
week with spinal tap and evanescence from spinal tap the track pack is gonna
cost you $7 or 560 Microsoft points and that includes back from the dead rock
and roll nightmare saucy Jack in warmer than hell and each of those can be
purchased for $2 separately or 160 marks off points evanescence pack is gonna be
for 440 Microsoft points or five dollars and fifty cents and that includes bring
me to life call me when you're sober and weight of the world and of course each
of those can be purchased for two dollars separately or 160 Microsoft
points EA has confirmed that a small team is working on mirrors edge to big
does sequel for a game that was pretty fun and got is that gonna be the name of
the game mirrors edge to big duh so no surprise are working on you know a sequel
to a successful hopefully it's just a successful franchise for them and then
lastly the secret is out the PlayStation home alternate reality game X I or Z or
however the hell you pronounce it it's over it's done you can find out about
all the information that was behind it they will be running the game I guess
for a little longer so if you are in the middle of the game you can actually
finish it but if you don't care to wait for that I think the PlayStation blog
has all the information as far as what's going on there so check it out if you
want to spoil it
alright well before we wrap up the show we are going to open up the sky plane
take your calls but first we didn't get to the classic game of the week in part
a we got to get that taken care of tonight it just wouldn't be a week here
at orange long radio without the classic game of the week so every week dark
soccer likes to dig through the great archive of gaming and pull out a game
that you people ought to be playing it's the classic game of the week and here it
is
what should the kids be playing this week Donkey Kong jr. seriously it is
seriously classic game it's one where Donkey Kong's little kid wearing a
diaper has to go rescue Donkey Kong from Mario who has captured him and
basically you just climb on ropes and drop fruit on these mechanized little
big mouth trap thingy these and then you have you know an electrical stage in
different areas it's actually supposed to be the the guy Steve Wiebe had the
highest score on this one actually and he did pass Billy Mitchell on this so
the untold story yeah I don't know that Billy Mitchell has surpassed it actually
since then his score was one million thirty three thousand points and Steve
Wiebe got one million one thousand thirty nine eight hundred points I have
this on several systems like the NES there's actually a game and watch
version the NES version was the launch title in Japan we have got it on a
virtual console there was an e-reader card it was an Animal Crossing so yeah
it's a pretty pretty classic this is one of the few Nintendo games I actually had
there was a combo pack that came out on the NES back in the day that was like
both Donkey Kong junior games and I had that actually I was one of the first
Antonio games I had so that's cool I played this on the Coleco yeah it's old
school you know what I actually kind of like this game better a little bit than
Donkey Kong I don't know why I guess I just like the whole concept of the vine
climbing and that you kind of go faster if you're willing to go across to be a
really fast when you slide down it's interesting all right if nothing else to
say on this game from Dark Soccer then that's gonna do it for your classic game
of the week Donkey Kong jr. on just about every freaking system ever made
but originally in the arcade an old-school Nintendo classic there you
have it all right we are gonna open up the skype line just a little bit for any
open bar topics you guys have one eight seven seven game olr or username on
skype is orange launch radio anything goes right now anything you want to ask
or comment on whether we've talked about it in the show or it's something you
think we should have covered that we didn't now is the time Loki I don't know
if they owe you never mind we're getting a call right now
hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hey it's your local convention whore
DJ Ron this hey Rom are you calling in about a new convention tonight yeah
pretty much of course well which convention anime next and how was it
well if you've been following my Twitter blog I've been like not feeling it not
feeling it cuz there's been delays guests canceling but when I got there
and got to the groove of things it was fun and I really enjoyed myself this
year I have to be honest I've kind of been off Twitter all weekend I've been
so busy just running from place to place doing well it's nice again I can't you
know I it's nice having a show at social life but yeah I've been so busy I've
kind of been off Twitter but I can't understandable I know what you mean you
know sometimes you're just kind of not in the mood but then you get there and
it somehow all comes together like haven't you ever done that like there's
been like a party and you don't really want to go but maybe there's like either
a significant other or it's an important friend having the party or something you
know yeah and you're just not feeling it but you're like alright I'm gonna go
because I have to and maybe I'll stay for an hour then find an excuse to leave
like I have severe diarrhea or something right but then you get there and you're
like oh I'm actually having a good time it just kind of seems to all come
together like that yep that's how it was yeah so all right well what about you
know we're a gaming show so I always have to ask you how is the gaming
representation at the con was it was there good stuff there yeah um first up
they had a room just for rock band they had it projected onto a large wall which
is about 60 feet walk like about 60 feet wide pretty much mm-hmm it was a dark
room and I walked in everybody was singing living on a prayer was it is
this rock band room something where like people just randomly walk in and watch
people play rock band I mean is that yeah I mean you would wait your turn to
play but at the same time there was chair so we could sit down and watch
him play I bet you see a lot of great talent though yes definitely sort of
like an anime idol something like that and also there was also a beta test for
um DJ hero there oh really yeah really so wait so you actually have to play DJ
hero yeah it's called beat mania 2dx but um bomb nice well hold on the Rama Rama
I I said this in part a the games have nothing in common they really don't if
you've got to make that comparison beat mania and scratch but beat mania DJ
hero no it doesn't work it doesn't where they're get dick there today they're two
games that happen to use a turntable they're so different but here's the
thing though I wasn't the one that made the joke cuz I walked in I saw the sign
I've run over to the other side the game room cuz I know when a guy is over I'm
like what's up with DJ here it was like no it's 2dx dudes 2dx I'm like haha
funny oh so they made the joke uh-huh well please encourage them to go listen
to part a tonight cuz I'd have some pretty strong words for them I will I
definitely will all right Rama I gotta let you go to get more calls but thanks
so much for your call and have fun now on the anime circuit come in got it all
right later let's see I'm looking at so because some of the chat rooms talking
about anime next a little bit here legend Zaku says I mean X was pretty
damn lackluster compared to previous years although the venue kicked ass this
year Oscar says I can't wait until mid-july when I go to Otacon and Rob
Diaz pimping his panel called games that push your buttons it is pretty funny
though if you're going Otacon check that out hi Aaron orange launch radio who's
this Zaku Zaku I was just reading a comment of yours is this call about
anime next or what yeah I was there that weekend and I didn't room with Adam this
year but I managed to find enough cash to go and split a room with someone else
even though it wasn't far it was no wasn't far from the venue but I still
managed to make it regardless oh just to just to touch up on what he briefly said
I kind of had a different experience this year in anime next I mean the venue
kicked severe ass because it was it was a lot better in terms of the game room
being big and all and actually have it separate rooms but I don't know I just
wasn't feeling it this year I mean previous years it was pretty I was
pretty much hyped and it pretty much went through but I don't know I guess
this year when I'd have been like a I'd have been you know wasn't what I expected
but whatever guess we'll try for the next year what anyway what was missing
for you was it was the game room lacking or what no the game room was fine that
was I had nothing to do with it it's just like it wasn't I don't know if for
some reason I wasn't really getting into some of the other panels I see like when
I first went to anime next two years ago I was really getting into an adult swim
panel that I got in there and maybe a couple of anime but it wasn't I wasn't
feeling it this year unfortunately I'm sorry I'll let you get to whatever your
anyways is but I have been to a lot of conventions myself and I'm not even that
super into anime but I've seen a lot of piss-poor panels at conventions I'm
sorry to say there's not like no nice way for me to say it yeah people stop
using panels as an excuse to get a free badge and fucking do do a good panel and
this goes both ways convention organizers screen your panelists better
do not let your friend host a panel because they are your friend unless that
friend is able to produce an outline ideas like everyone should have to knock
it off you're ruining your own con anyway sorry well there was there was
the particular one that I wanted to go to but you know it had to do with
Bahmani stuff it was actually on Friday but by the time I made it there I was
you know I had to like take my roommate to the hotel and check in and get food
so I pretty much missed it by the time I got there what exactly are those Bahmani
panels like these days damn we're in trouble no idea but it was held on
Friday and Friday evening and I had to arrive in the con at that time to get my
badge so it wasn't even worth it they were nice enough to let me sit in on the
bahmanistyle.com panel at ASEN and you know as cool as it was to be
sitting with some of those folks I really didn't feel like there was a lot
to talk about a lot of the discussions focused around the concert that had
happened the night before which is cool for the folks that are into that type of
music I felt really lost or what have you because I haven't been following a
lot of new Ryan's but when it came to actual talk on the Bahmani games like
half of it was a joke it was it right anyway most of it for you know I even
though I wasn't I wasn't actually there an ace and I could have could only
imagine it's probably like insider info probably like inside joke something that
would be a lot of inside jokes in the line you had any ways a minute ago
Zaku please please go ahead with your anyways anyways I would basically a
reason I call tonight is because you know I don't know if you probably know
this but DDRX apparently hit arcades last week and the first one being the
Levo the game works in Chicago that managed to get the first the first new
cabin in the country and from from the initial reviews horrible let's just let
just put it this way the fact that the cab managed to go down to the the cabin
itself managed to go down to $10,000 as opposed to 15 you know previous releases
they pretty much cut many corners noticeable corners like a laggy H you
know like the LCD monitor a pad that's like half the the thickness of the
original one the sense you know sensors in the arrows are pretty much they're
just triggering or not even home just triggering spread and spontaneous so
you're not holding it all just a lot of bullshit on that part run on the part of
maybe bets in or an army for that matter just producing piss for new cabinets you
know what I'm not surprised go back to last week's show as far as I'm concerned
wheel that machine out to the barn and put a bullet in it it's done yeah at
this point is like people are just writing DDRX off at this point because
of the fact that the cabinets are just giving it a they're just giving it a bad
rap I'm like I mean the upgrade kids haven't even been released yet but we
have yet to see how they fare but so far the new cabinets just they're not
sitting well with the fans the hardcore players I'm sadly not surprised that go
we got to let you go so we can wrap up the show but thanks so much for calling
in all right take care they're a little fatter too and nobody likes fat is it
just me or does it sound like and we're gonna turn off the Skype for tonight so
we can wrap up the show but thank you guys so much if you didn't get in
remember you can always send us an email mailbag at orange laundry calm we do
want your voice to be heard it is just me it sounds like this new
machine like is like two DDR solo pads put together when you talk about the
less responsive arrows and the thinner pads or whatever it sounds like a DDR
solo machine all right I was like cutting costs to me you have a perfectly
good cabinet that's worked for how many years now let's go and change it that's
an awesome idea I never thought I would say this seven years ago when this whole
show started and yes we're coming up on our seven seven year anniversary so show
in two weeks believe it or not this first show is June 23rd 2002 I never
thought I would say this seven years ago but we've talked too much about DDR the
past two shows like that's how relevant it is right now in this world we can
bring it back I could bring it back they just know the confidence in me no it's
it's not gonna happen oh it would sorry Loki it would but it's not going it
could yes it could all right we got to go around and get everybody's final
thought and wrap up the show tonight and take care of it oh did you have any
other like last things you want to even talk release dates oh my god we didn't
do we want to go over those real quick could do that that's what happens when
you try a new format is that you forget shit all right well then Loki why don't
you go over some release dates for the u.s. before we wrap it up all right well
this week we've got a quite a few games coming out but something you probably
want to pick up Ghostbusters coming out on PlayStation 2 3 Xbox 360 we DS and PS
maybe the PSP yeah no that's right another PSP um let's see big league
sports summer coming out we and DS flowers and rain if you're a fan of you
know the killer seven and those types of games but grasshoppers doing this one on
DS it's weird I actually played the import of the European one and it's kind
of weird guitar heroes smash hits coming out on PlayStation 2 3 Xbox 360 and the
Wii if you're into more of the sim games discovery kids parrot pals and diva
girls divas on ice on Wii and the DS Monster Hunter freedom unite on PSP
that's gonna be pretty awesome and that's pretty much it
Japan's looking a little thin on the releases this week but you do get a
price drop on Metal Gear Solid four guns of the Patriots on June 18th on the
PlayStation 3 remember this is Japanese release dates I'm reading right now
sometimes they get cool stuff before we do right now they're not getting a lot
there isn't a single thing of note coming out on the Wii this week believe
it or not and usually in Japan even a slow week you have something coming out
on the Wii on the PlayStation 2 you have a couple other price drops going on
mostly they are Neo Geo games like King of Fighters maximum impact regulation a
metal slug complete samurai spirits all of those games are getting price
reductions and perhaps this is in preparation for the sunsoft collection
which is also coming out I think that's actually another price drop though
they're all get just price drop price drop price drop this week over in Japan
on the Nintendo DS there is a gogo 13 game coming out believe not remember
that is there that was a old-school I'm going to make a moonwalk that's right
they have a new one of those games coming on the DS this week as well as
Nippon golfers kentai DS comes out as well and some games from level five I'm
not sure exactly if these are games we know over here but Tago Akira no Atama
no Taiso die one shoe nozzle Toki Sekai issue or yoku comes out this week I
think this is I'm it looks like some type of like you play a like a in a
hotel pirate ships pirate ship hotel no game it is looks like you're in a hotel
or something dark soccer is going to take a look at the name here oh yeah
see oh okay it's professor Layton games new ones in Japan there's two volume one
in volume two ok now I see it you're clicking on the pictures for the like
the very oh now I see it ok brain training yep yep all right there you go
new professor Layton games coming out on the us over there in Japan and quickly
looking at the PSP fate unlimited codes portable comes out this week from Capcom
on the PSP that looks to be a fun little game especially if you're into those
Japanese fighting games I have some rapid-fire last-minute stories once you
get some of the European news sure let's have time to do European days will do
your last few stories then get out of here for the night it's almost 945 in
the west coast yeah I need people are in my house actually I love you guys
actually being over here cuz you know being in this little room doesn't feel
sort of like the old school way we did it it does get go it does but Dan is
making arrangements for us potentially yeah I'm hearing we might move to where
the pinball machines are now you give me a little earlier to the garage where we
met that we might bump the pinball machines for the show could be
interesting but we we did trade creatures in the Black Lagoon for Lord
of the Rings I miss not broken already I miss not having to commute but I guess
if you guys have done it for so long I can do it for a little while at least so
yeah well how about our your European releases how about it on the 16th we
have Wallace and Gromit's grand adventures muzzled for PC and on 17th we
have rocket riot which kind of sounds a little dirty to me the 18th Metal Gear
Solid on PlayStation 3 and then the 19th we have rock band unplugged virtual
tennis 2009 and Ghostbusters Ghostbusters by the way yes I really
like that infamous game really yeah good somebody was just asking a little while
ago why we don't talk about it on the show I haven't played much of it just
because I've had a whole lot going on you know but it's totally between the
guy coasting through the air with electricity and then being spider-man
it's kind of funny meet the guy from crackdown I'm glad you said something
about it I hope the listener who sent in that email listens to the end of the
show so there you go all right Loki had some other stories you want to get to
yes well what game out there could possibly create a peripheral that is 20
times more expensive than the game itself well that game of course would be
virtual on they do have a $300 arcade stick that you can get for the Xbox
360 version it is from hori and yes it is 20 times the cost of the game which
is only 15 bucks but it does have the twin sticks and go crazy with that so I
wonder if you know how they had those little converter units where you could
use like a PlayStation controller on the Xbox 360 you know the different ones you
have to remap them and everything I wonder if there wouldn't be some type of
converter that they can make the work use my dreamcast sticks I don't know I
was then again I can just play it on dreamcast this is gonna sound so random
but I have to say something I just realized you're wearing a DDR spot.com
shirt yes I am that is fucking old school you know when I got this shirt
yeah I got this shirt at my madness sure has to be as old as this show
older I threw I threw away the other day my DDR mania X shirt I still have two
DDR freak shirts left to you but now keep in mind no this is the thing
remember when I got this it fit me oh yeah it's like that's like that's a
pajamas now that's a sleepy shirt now yeah well good for you it's it's it's
shirt I can wear without a bra well thanks for sharing okay low-key sorry
well with the news of Left 4 Dead 2 possibly dividing the community maybe
this will bring the community back together Left 4 Dead has finally got a
nude Zoe mod for PC version yes that's right what came out what came out there
with a female character would not be complete without a nude mod so I think
we can all agree on that that nudity mods are a must and that's available on
L4D mods.com got a lot of stuff nudity brings us together yes see here
apparently Final Fantasy Tactics has been raided by the ESRB and people
believe it's coming to the PlayStation Network sounds about right to me nice
releasing a lonely crap nice I've been I have been so Jones and for the old
school Final Fantasy Tactics like before it was on DS and all the other ones I
really want to play like on my TV again Final Fantasy Tactics that Oh happy
happy Rob yes kind of sad that I'll have to buy it all over again because I can't
find my original PlayStation 1 disc but what can you do at least I'll have my
Final Fantasy 8 discs so when they release that I'm not going to buy it
because I still have my discs so I could play it on the PlayStation 3 if I wanted
to yes apparently there's a rumor that Sony is going to unveil PSP Go apps and
small games at gamescom and these are supposed to be of course non retail
games and applications for the PSP and the file sizes are said to be limited to
100 megabytes but developers and publishers will be limited other create
other creative ways Sony is said to have some specifically stated non game apps
and 2d tiles are more than welcome maker comparisons to iPhone now yes God I
don't want to report on this but apparently there is another teaser site
in Japan now for a brand new tingle game and I weep with sadness I weep tears of
joy thank you for reporting that Loki is that it and finally Nintendo apparently
has according I guess Guardian media technologies it was one of the patent
lawsuits that Nintendo had to deal with well it's been thrown out of the court
it says we are very pleased with the court's decision and Nintendo vigorously
defends its patent lawsuits and at the earliest stages of this case Nintendo
convinced the court to dismiss the case as guardians patent had nothing to do
with Nintendo's products well I and I would despite all the crap I give
Nintendo I think I agree with them here there's too many of these frivolous
patent lawsuits if there's a patent lawsuit that's out there and they find
that they have you know infringed on that patent then how could there be
multiple lawsuits later on for the same types of things because I think at that
case well you've already found that you've been infringing on this patent
you need to go after that person because that's the person that has a patent for
it not Nintendo and that's it all right well that's gonna do it here for another
week of orange lounge radio we need to get everybody's final thought my god the
show just keeps going tonight three hours and counting Loki your final
thought tonight I'm gonna have to play some more fuel and then I'll have to
play with you online with fuel my final thought is I am so down just let me know
when they'll be fun all right Dar Sakura I don't think a miracle from God could
make Star Trek 5 a good movie you do know they're on like Star Trek 10 at this
point right I know but I was going back and reading 20 facts about Star Trek 10
I see from Trek movie calm which I will post in chat all right hey but it did
have the fan dance anyhow that's gonna do it for another week here at orange
lounge radio hey if you like what we do here for free every week of the last
seven years of our lives all we ask tell a couple people about the show help
spread the word it's word of mouth that keeps us alive thank you guys so much
for tuning in to us and supporting us and we'll see you back here next week
with more of orange launch radio and back here in two weeks for our seventh
anniversary and I don't know if we're doing anything special for the seventh
anniversary because the planning wasn't really two weeks is our seventh
anniversary so technically it falls in between next week and the next Sunday
but you know what hmm I have my next assessment you know what I'm gonna
actually email the teacher and ask if I can go do the assessment earlier in the
day and that might be a good idea and I don't know if we'll do anything special
it's just you know we've we always try to do something special for the
anniversary shows nothing really things all right we want to explode things live
on air and be fun all right well we'll see what happens we'll be back next week
with more orange lounge radio till then bye guys you've been listening to orange
lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for
a live show visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time the
views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect
those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or all games calm but we're
probably right anyway see you next week
