Founders are typically artists, CEOs are business people.
Founders create products, services, they fulfill needs.
CEOs manipulate money, damn the consequences.
And sometimes they manipulate themselves into being a community pariah, manipulating themselves out of a role.
I don't know what the long tale of Unity's saga will be, but right now it doesn't involve John Riccatello.
One CEO out, another CEO out eventually.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about their story, and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now in the show, where every gamer has a voice,
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio back one more time with episode number 978 of our program for tonight, October the 15th of 2023.
I say one more time because we're not here next week, but then we'll be back in two weeks.
We'll talk all about that in just a moment, because this also involves not just myself, Rob Roberts, but my co-hosts, including DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
I'm so busy.
So much going on.
Yeah, and it's only going to get busier because next week there's no Orange Launch Radio because DarkSakura and I are going to be in Vegas at TwitchCon, which is very exciting.
So
Also, Dan was at Pinnagogo in Dixon all weekend.
Yeah, but I don't like to go because I don't like where it is.
And corn.
Well, you know what else was this weekend?
I know this probably isn't up your alley, but it's still a pretty big deal, is the Pokemon Regional Championships.
We're here in Sacramento, where our show is based.
no idea that that was this week.
Well, I knew they were coming.
But like, honestly, when they announced it, I was like, Oh, it must be a 2024 thing.
Like I didn't realize it was like literally this weekend until I was doing Community Day for Pokemon Go at Capitol Park where I usually do.
And I was like, why is there like a cluster of like seven unspun Pokestops all over by the new convention center?
What is it?
I was and then I was like,
Oh, they set up a whole little special area for the regional championships.
Oh, so yeah, so I tried to get gifts out from that to some Pokemon fans that I know such as Shane, I had to text Shane and be like, you need to open your gift right now, please.
And then Mike Deft in our chat, I know would appreciate a gift from there.
So it was kind of fun little virtual souvenirs.
I did not go into
the Pokemon regionals, but I peeked my head in the door to see what it looked like.
And it just looked like these giant tables of nerds playing card games, which is what you'd expect.
So it was good.
Have you been to that new convention center yet, DarkSakura?
Nope.
It's it's nice.
I'll say that.
All right.
Hmm.
I'm, I've been I've been very focused on other things.
I gotcha.
I gotcha.
Well, also say hello to the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hey, Loki, I think you're muted.
Hello.
There you go.
How are you doing?
I thought I pushed the button.
That's all right.
I'm doing all right.
I'm trying to figure out what this looks like a scary game playing behind you tonight that I don't recognize.
But it's like a first person.
Somebody's exploring a pool.
Like, are they going to find a body?
What game is this?
No, it's a liminal game.
So it's called Dream Corps.
Oh, interesting.
It's it's supposed to resemble like the back rooms and stuff.
Oh, okay.
Interesting.
Of course, you can see the games that Loki's playing behind him.
Because we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific at twitch.tv slash VOG Network Sunday nights right after the Bobby Blackwell show again, that's VOG Network.
but of course we are a podcast as well and you can listen to us anyway wherever podcasts are found such as Spotify or iTunes or well not Google Podcasts for much longer as I understand it because Google Podcasts apparently is closing up shop and or they're folding it into YouTube or something like that so there's not going to be that much longer but there's a lot of podcast apps out there and you can find us in pretty much all of them I think at this point because the one I didn't like
shut their doors.
So I don't have to worry about that anymore.
I don't have to say we're not on.
But that's not a problem anymore.
They're gone.
So you know, it is what it is.
All right.
Anyhow, and I just got tagged with that in chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
Mike Def talking about the regionals going I know I knew and I wished I could have gone.
It was VGC trading card game and go they have all that.
And let's see Fifth Dream says they have regionals in the next town over from me, which is odd because it's such a nowhere area.
But I'm surprised every time I hear they're here.
Hey, maybe there's a lot of players in that area or just you know, wherever they can get the convention center cheap.
And sjo100mat points out the Google Graveyard site continues to grow with the website killedbygoogle.com, which I'm sure probably has pages and pages to say about Google Stadia RIP.
Anyway, let's get into the gaming news of the week starting off with our big big news.
This is really a follow up story to something we've talked about every damn week on this show for the last 16 months.
And this might finally be the last time we talk about it.
Just kidding.
It's still gonna have ramifications for weeks and weeks but big milestone this week.
Loki, what's going on?
The Activision Blizzard deal finally
has finished.
So Microsoft has finished their acquisition of Activision Blizzard.
It's done.
That's it.
That's the news.
That's it.
That's the news.
So they closed what on Friday the 13th?
Well, that that's a, you know, on this data, you know, start your new business, but all right.
Well, they probably had to close the deal because wasn't the federal
DarkSakura, VoG Network, Ranma, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
One particular individual whose time I've been hoping would be running out this entire time.
A little bit more time.
Loki, what is Bobby Kotick's future in this?
Bobby Kotick is staying on for the next two months to help aid in the transition, but then he'll be out as of January 1st.
Damn shame it's not a swift kick in the nuts.
It is a damn shame.
It's not a swift kick in the nuts or the butt.
I'll take either.
But he's also only gonna end up with like, you know, $400 million or something.
That's and that's the really depressing part is this huge golden parachute.
We knew it was gonna happen.
We knew it was gonna happen.
There are some interesting comments on there too, but most of the comments are pretty positive about him going.
Of course.
You know, but there's a few also saying that, like, his staying was, like, some contractual thing.
And, but I mean, like, to keep him around for loyalty purposes, when it's his fault their stock took the drop that began the process to begin with?
Yes.
I mean,
That's some some dump level of delusion there.
Yeah.
And like, look, I'm not pleased with the golden parachute news.
I the date thing is kind of a whatever.
That's a small price to pay to get rid of him.
No, I know.
I know.
But and the date thing is, I mean, it's a it's a very clean cut off date of sorts, I'm sure for financial reasons and transition reasons, like the first of the year is a very ceremonial type of day.
So like, I get it.
Is it soon enough?
No.
But now now do I now can I make one of those calendars with the little tear off pages that says days until Bobby Kotick is no longer poison in this industry?
Yes, I can now have that calendar.
We can make a counter for it on.
I hear Unity's looking for a new seed.
Stop it.
Shut up.
Shut up.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, to be very honest, having him there for two more months does allow things to be transitioned cleanly.
They couldn't really talk to each other until the deal was finalized, the quiet period.
Unfortunately, the reality of this situation, as happy as we are to see Microsoft, in the long run, see Microsoft acquire Activision Blizzard, and to be clear, and I feel like I've made this very clear in prior episodes of the show, but before somebody takes me out of context,
I do not love the bigger fish eating the big fish.
This is not something I love about this industry.
This particular circumstance, because specifically of Bobby Kotick and the toxins that he has put in this industry, I am highly supportive of this merger because as now we see with our tearaway calendar, only what, 75 more days or whatever it is until Bobby Kotick is no longer poisoning this industry, I support this merger because the end of the day, the punchline is Bobby Kotick's out.
The part that's going to suck about this, there's going to be redundancies.
And there's going to be people that end up laid off.
And that sucks.
I would assume it's things where we talk more about publicity.
And that's I mean, I don't know, I don't run a company, but I would I could see that there are probably going to be some some over steps there.
And obviously, we already know on the Blizzard front, the eSports stuff really took a hit.
So, you know, a lot of that has already been kind of on its way out.
Thanks for watching!
Uh, Microsoft has already, like, they had to come out the very first day to talk about Game Pass, didn't they?
Because that's the question everybody's been asking.
Uh, and I believe the, uh, too long didn't read of that was they're saying, don't expect anything right now.
And I thought this was interesting.
They said, don't expect Call of Duty or Diablo 4 this year.
And they named those two games specifically, but I thought it was interesting that they didn't name anything else.
Well they probably have agreements maybe with other...
Services or something.
I don't know.
Well, I think it's also the newness of those games.
And, you know, just because there is still a transition period, you know, again, Bobby staying on till the end of the year.
So there's probably, you know, there's probably in some ways they're still going to run like separate companies a little bit, you know, as we get closer to the end of the year, you know, and so they don't want to.
There's a branding switch to happen.
Yeah.
And there's they don't want to disrupt the holiday season with two of the biggest launches for Activision Blizzard this year.
So like it all.
I get it.
Like, I think it would have been a little bit creepy.
James Corden
Bobby also points out in our chat, the good Bobby, Bobby Blackwolf in our chat points out something very interesting as well saying the other interesting part is that the Activision games that are on Game Pass will not be part of the streaming.
Ubisoft has the exclusive streaming rights.
That is very interesting because, you know, as we know, they had to give those streaming rights over to Ubisoft in Europe anyway.
Xcloud Streaming Rights
But I'm still curious about some of the back catalog games.
You know, there still is a very rich back catalog of games.
Diablo 2 Remastered, Diablo 3 Ultimate Edition, some of the older Call of Duty games, Crash Bandicoot.
You know, there's a lot of other games that would make sense.
And actually, there's already some good stuff on Game Pass.
If you weren't already aware, because I did this, you can unlock all of the new heroes in Overwatch 2, all of them from all these passes through Game Pass.
you have to do it on your Xbox version of the game.
But once you do that, it syncs up to the cloud and all that good stuff.
And then they unlock on your PC version as well.
So and I imagine you won't have to do that forever.
Like that that will be something that probably comes together as a result of all of this.
So you already can get some kind of good deal there.
So interesting.
Bobby is saying it's worldwide.
I swear the Ubisoft thing was just Europe, but maybe it has a trickle-down effect with some of the streaming deals.
I'd have to look more into that, because obviously there's a lot that we're going to see settling down over the next few weeks with where does this land, but I would be surprised.
if Microsoft doesn't push a few titles to Game Pass over the holiday season to really push Game Pass sales over the holiday season and entice people to keep Game Pass.
No, it's not going to be Diablo 4, the newest Call of Duty game, but there's still a rich back catalog of other stuff they could put on there that could be very, very interesting.
So we shall see what becomes of all that.
So stay tuned.
That's why I say even though this is like done, it's not like done, done.
Bobby Blackelven Chat points out they'll have titles on Game Pass, but for download only.
So yeah, I mean, you can still do it that way, of course.
It's just the streaming element is going to be impacted there.
Yeah, okay.
And Questbuster brought the receipts and shows that, yeah, they have worldwide cloud streaming rights for the next 15 years.
That's, I really did think that was just Europe that they gave that over, not the whole world.
That's wild.
But there's the receipts, an article there that talks about it.
For the next 15 years, Microsoft is relinquishing cloud streaming rights for all Activision games outside the European Economic Area, EEA, a region that constitutes the 27 EU members plus Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.
This means that French game publisher Ubisoft is also a big winner, as it will have exclusive global streaming rights outside the EEA, while inside the EEA it will share streaming rights with rivals, including Microsoft Activision.
That was a very interesting way to do it, to win over Europe, but I guess that's how they did it.
Wow.
Fascinating.
It's still going to be on Game Pass, maybe just not, you know, via like the X Cloud or whatever.
It's literally that, Xbox.com, which you could still do because I've done this with Overwatch 2 because of specifically what I just talked about.
I was able to do this without leaving my chair.
What you can do is you can stream your Xbox Series X downstairs
to your PC upstairs so you can play the game on there if you really want.
Although, I don't know why you would just want to play it on your PC, but everybody has their reasons.
Well, maybe DarkSakura might have a compelling reason with a Mac OS.
I know you're not really an Xbox ecosystem person, but if you were, hypothetically, you could stream from your Xbox Series X in one room to your Mac.
Um, you know, so at least I think so.
At least I think you can't do the website.
They've got to have some type of standalone client, uh, somewhere, but I know you can do it on PC for sure.
It's obviously, it's all built into Windows 11.
It's very, very easy, um, to do it there.
So, um, that you can do, because I did that.
So.
I, I, I removed parallels from my system, so that wouldn't even work for me anyway.
Ah, gotcha.
All right.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, we'll see what continues.
I will not taint my Mac.
Oh, stop.
All right.
If I could if I could dual boot my current computer with Mac OS, why wouldn't I?
Well, yeah, but two are better than one.
The Silicon won't support a dual boot for a different OS.
I know, I know.
Anyway, that's why I say if, if, if.
OK.
Anyway.
Actually, though, Rob,
You know what though, I mentioned it before, I was looking into all this stuff about the game porting kit and perhaps something like that would make things work.
SheHulk10 says Xbox Game Pass is going to blossom, probably creating a lot of stress for people that have a huge backlog of games to play and not completed, like showing up to a smorgasbord and not hungry.
I get where that comment comes from, to be fair though, Game Pass is already like that.
But yes, adding 20 Activision games by the end of the year, if they go that way, is only going to make the problem worse.
Yes, that I will agree.
Because I could see games I would actually like to play that I never got around to, like Crash Bandicoot Team Racing, Crash Bandicoot 4.
Those are very likely candidates to end up in that kind of thing, that would end up this holiday season, because they're from a few years ago.
So yeah, it's going to make that problem worse.
So that part, yeah, I totally get that.
But come January, I can play World of Warcraft with a clean conscience.
Yep.
All right.
Well, let's let's move.
I mean, I saw I'm playing it now, and I sort of feel that there's a lot of toxicity everywhere in the game industry.
But I digress.
That's another topic for another day.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
Whatever publisher may have made the games.
DarkSakura, we'll start with you.
How was your gaming week?
It was alright, um, I played some pinball, um...
I played some Dead by Daylight a little bit.
I'm supposed to have Fringlish playing with me tonight.
It's been a while since we played together.
Because I've already beaten Live Alive, I just played some Dreamlight Valley last night, just, you know, to do stuff.
And after TwitchCon, I'll be starting the SNES edition of Magic Knight Rayearth, or Super Famicom.
So that'll be fun.
I played through... I played some Devil's Crush and Jackie Crush and...
I forgot how much I suck at Area 88, or as we got it, UN Squadron.
Is Sea of Stars like Sea of Thieves?
Because I'm totally not into Sea of Thieves.
No, no, no, no.
Sea of Stars is completely different.
It's like a retro-inspired RPG.
Oh, no.
I know what that is now.
Yeah, I was going to say.
If I have time, but my retro night is actually for retro games.
So, like, games... My Retro Night is specifically RPGs that came out in Japan that did not originally come out in the US.
So like Final Fantasy V took a long time.
It's here now, but for years and years it was- Or Seiken Densetsu 3 or Live Alive or Rayearth, Terranigma, you know.
I started Star Ocean before that, but I'll go back to it a little bit later.
That's kind of, well, I mean, I did, I did play through Final Fantasy VI and Final Fantasy IV, but I played direct translations with the censorship removed.
Oh, interesting.
But that's the kind of thing that I'm going for.
Although I may switch to Mega Drive stuff later and do Phantasy Star 2.
Like the original, unedited Phantasy Star 2.
Or a few other things, who knows.
But that was... Rayearth is going to be next.
And then, um, I played some Cult of the Lamb to see if they did anything special.
I didn't see anything yet.
Um, but that's kind of it.
And I'm still trying to find a way to play, uh, Palia.
Uh, let's go over to Loki then.
How was your gaming week?
Um, I played mostly Minecraft this week as usual.
Um, so I've just been working on, you know,
I was messing around, I guess, and gathering materials and all that stuff.
I started some editing today.
But I did actually play one other thing.
So I noticed at our local department store, they had a demo for Super Mario Wonder.
So I got to play that, and it's a Mario game!
I mean...
Cool.
It's pretty.
That was such enthusiasm.
It's I mean, it's it's cool.
Like, I really I like the way it looks and stuff.
But I mean, it's like a 2D Mario game.
I don't know.
It's not like that's a good thing.
Wildly different.
No, it's not.
It's not.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not wildly different.
But yeah, it's neat to check it out.
So.
I'm actually a little bummed.
There's actually a lot going on for me, like for Rob Roberts Gaming Jams next week.
There's a lot happening.
I'm like, I'm not sad.
I'm going on vacation.
Not at all.
But it's just the timing is very funny.
For example, Diablo 4 Season 2 and the huge patch that's supposed to fix a ton of quality of life stuff is on Tuesday, the day I leave.
And then
on the 20th is when Wonder releases, which I already have pre-ordered from the Nintendo voucher thing, so I won't be here when that releases either because I'm at TwitchCon.
Again, hard to be upset considering the circumstances, but it's just one of those like, of course, the timing is always weird with stuff like that, so a big week for me personally.
A lot to catch up on when I get back, that's for sure.
If you're done with your gaming week, then I will talk about my gaming week, which honestly was probably a little less than usual because I had the double shot of the flu vaccine and the updated COVID booster on Monday and left me a little tired Monday on into Tuesday.
Everybody is affected different by that stuff, and it always seems to lay me out, even though
it may have I don't know it may have been the flu shot too you can't always pin this on the COVID shot because the flu shot has always done this to me too always um I got Pfizer for the very first time so I've had like four Moderna shots and one Pfizer shot so finally I'm gonna have to go get mine tomorrow yeah yeah and I'll be doing ballet oh that's gonna suck yeah so um but uh yeah so I got that so it kind of knocked me out like our the Monday playthrough I was planning with Shane on Pokemon Gen 9 like has been really
Like with me being sick last week and then me having the side effects this week.
Now I'm going on vacation next week.
Like it sucks.
But that project, unfortunately, is going to have to just kind of wait until all this stuff is behind us a little bit.
So sorry to the folks that are looking forward to that.
But just, you know, things happen and happens.
but uh you know i've been continuing to play the outdoor games that i have been doing such as pikmin uh monster hunter now uh i think i'm up to like level 42 or something in monster hunter now uh i did pokemon community day today uh technically i was also doing pikmin day because i wanted to do 10 000 steps and get my little badge but yeah i i thought i would catch some limited time pokemon and you know or shinies and all that stuff uh i don't remember how many shiny timbers i got i think something like 11 like it was a ridiculous amount it was it was unnecessary
Um, but yeah, I did that, and then, um, as far as other games, not a lot a lot, uh, continue to do a little bit of Final Fantasy XIV, mostly because my island sanctuary is the most important thing to me in that game, and I don't want to fall behind, and I want to make sure I hit max rank as well, that's also very important, so, uh, there's that, and then, um,
I've also been playing World of Warcraft Classic, which is now on the Wrath of the Lich King expansion.
I started that up so I could play, you know, WoW when many would argue it was at its peak, which was during Wrath of the Lich King.
They just added to the game this week, finally.
looking for group and I know it seems weird to talk about them adding things to classic but technically looking for group actually debuted during the last patch of the birding crusade so it was always in wrath of the lich king um it's just for whatever reason the classic thing they were keeping looking for group out of it for some time it was a controversial thing but they finally have decided to put that in the game and um I've been having fun with it it is definitely
some things have not aged as well as others but you know you you kind of know what you're getting into when you play a classic like that for sure so um but otherwise that's that's really it i haven't been playing a lot of console stuff this week at all uh just mostly pc stuff and pretty lightly just with everything else that's been going on so um hopefully we'll get back into things next week as i mentioned a lot of stuff on the horizon for me for when i get back from twitchcom so that's that
Alright, let's get into some more gaming news.
I've mentioned enough times we're not going to be here next week.
I should point out Bobby Blackwolf, also on the Voice Geeks Network before us on Sunday night, also will not be here next week.
He is also at TwitchCon.
He is actually going to be working with Games Done Quick Express, hosting some of the runs, because you may know Bobby does some of the hosting, some of the voiceover work.
for reading donations and things like that.
He's done that for the actual week-long events over the last few seasons.
But TwitchCon is actually doing like a mini-GDQ, GDQ Express.
It doesn't run 24 hours, but it runs during the time that TwitchCon is running, which is still a pretty good chunk of the day.
And Bobby is doing the opening hosting for Friday and Sunday.
So, you know, when the whole thing starts on Friday at 10am,
check it out.
You'll get to hear Bobby reading some donations and everything is benefiting AbleGamers is the charity.
The Games Done Quick Express is benefiting and that is cool.
I've I have actually had my Amazon Prime on AbleGamers for quite some time.
What do they call it?
Smile?
Amazon, Amazon Smile has been tied to AbleGamers for quite some time.
So it's a great charity.
So I hope GDQ does very, very well at TwitchCon.
So but at some point,
because this is the very first time Bobby's ever been to Vegas.
At some point, I'm hoping Bobby we can take him to the pinball Hall of Fame.
Because that place is a lot of fun.
And I definitely want to see his reaction to that.
And I know my partner Alan will not be opposed to going to that because they have all the Elvira tables.
They're his favorite.
And that's it's just a fun place to hang out.
And it's a huge building.
So excited to go check that out.
All right, um, let's get on Oh, they did they shut down smile two years ago.
I didn't even know that.
Because I, I've been very bad about actually going to smile dot Amazon.
Really?
I had no idea they cut they shut that down.
Sad.
Oh, well.
You try to do something good.
Was it really two years ago?
What is time anymore?
My god, it feels like just last week I was on there.
My god.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on and talk about what's going on in gaming news.
And we will start with Loki.
Pretty big headline.
Yeah, so I mean, it was bound to come out at some point.
This
This, there is hints that who, the search of course of the Mario voice actor, who's it gonna be?
So originally there was some folks that were data mining the kiosk demo for Mario Wonder and they were able to find a list of voice actors in the game and were trying to figure out based off of the voice actors that are in the code, mentioned in the code of the game
News on Twitter is fake.
Not always.
Yeah, yeah.
Sometimes it is.
90% of the time news on Twitter is fake.
Well, I think they were just guessing because they're like, Oh, well, if if, you know, Kevin Afghani is going to be doing the talking flower, then surely they're not going to be doing Mario as well.
Well, come to find out.
No, they're actually doing both.
So, you know, Kevin Afghani did announce finally on Twitter that, yes, I am going to be the voice of Mario and Luigi in Super Mario Bros.
Water.
Good for him.
Yep, he's young.
You know, he's like, he's a baby compared to us.
I was like, or at least like this guy can be groomed, like late late 20s or something like that.
Right?
So yeah, no, I that's not a knock.
I was it's just one of those things.
I was like, wow, it's like, he's a young guy, especially, you know, like, they're, they're assuming that he will be doing the role in future games.
Because honestly, that is kind of an assumption right now.
He did not say, I'm the new voice of Mario forever and ever.
He said, I'm the new voice of Mario in Mario Brothers Wonder that, you know, one can infer that likely means you will see him in future games, just as the voice of Bowser is also still in this game.
They didn't change the other voice actors.
They only changed because Toadette and Peach is also still in this game.
Rosalina is not, but I just don't think the character of Rosalina is in the game.
So they're still using the other Mario voice actors they've been using.
And I know those names because of Southern Fried and the panel I did there and getting to meet all them.
So they're still in Mario Wonder.
It's just Mario has changed for whatever reason.
We've already kind of gotten into that.
It is what it is with Charles Martinet.
He will make a fabulous living traveling the country.
And, you know, if you feel really, really upset that Charles Martinet is gone, go give him your money.
You will have the opportunity to go give Charles Martinet your money.
And you should.
You should do that.
Yeah, and we're all assuming that like, you know, it's Nintendo saying that Charles, you can't do this.
Maybe he just doesn't want to.
Maybe like he wants to do it.
Maybe it's just harder for him to do it now or something.
I don't know.
We don't know what's, you know, going on with Charles.
Maybe there's maybe there's some health issues we ever heard about.
You know, you never know.
Like I wouldn't assume that it's just like, well, you're too old.
So we're just going to let you go type of thing.
You know, I don't think
And people thinking he's too old is honestly ageism at work.
Well, I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, people assuming that was the reason.
I'll just be honest.
They may have and this could be a little bit of a mix.
And what I'm going to say is they may have wanted a new like five year contract or something.
And maybe when Charles Marnier started to look at a five-year commitment or some type of extended commitment, that could have been, again, I'm totally theorizing.
I don't know shit, but they could have been trying to make a deal of some length.
And maybe those years commitment was something he didn't want to do because, you know, like, I would like to retire, please.
You know, and I have I was just going to say it just fucking sucks that we're sitting here on one hand talking about Bobby Kotick going into forced retirement and the type of money he's going to make.
That money should be going to Charles Martinet.
Like, what television judge courtroom program can I go be an advocate on that Bobby Kotick's money should in fact go to Charles Martinet?
How can we as gamers make that happen?
I have a take on this one.
Go for it.
And first of all, I doubt Age has anything to do with it, because if June 4-Ray could do, you know, Rocky the Squirrel, you know, well into her 90s, you know, Age has nothing to do with it.
I mean, after a while, yeah.
I mean, she didn't do the voice as well as she used to.
She still did Natasha, you know, all of it.
But here's the thing.
It doesn't matter.
We don't know the story.
No one knows the story.
If you don't know the story, you really shouldn't try to speculate an opinion on it.
At least that's how I feel about it.
You know, making an opinion without having fact to back it up is, to me, kind of a useless endeavor.
I, I just, all I want for him is to be happy and who's ever doing the voice to not fuck it up.
Well, you lead to a good point because I think a lot of the concern with somebody new coming on was that the internet was going to bully this person into submission.
The good news is, for the most part, that doesn't appear to be happening.
Most of the replies on Twitter were pretty positive.
as he even went so far as to write a follow-up tweet, I think earlier today, that said something in the effect of, I'm really touched by all the nice things people are saying.
There were a few naysayers in the comments, and unfortunately, because of the idiot that runs Twitter, who decided to allow people to pay, to literally pay to be dumpster fires and get elevated to the top of the comments, unfortunately, some of the top comments were things like,
We don't want our Mario to have pronouns in bio and things like that because Kevin Afghani is a good ally who puts he him in his bio because I had hoped at some point Twitter would have just had that as a field that you can put it in such as discord implemented what like not even a year ago you know things like that is that it would just be a field you put it in and it's no big deal
But because that's not there and it's not going to happen, see my earlier statement about the idiot in charge, he has chosen to put his pronouns in bio and and of course people take issue with that.
And you know what?
The block the block function still exists.
That sure does.
And that's that's definitely getting some usage there.
Like just
But I mean, the thing is, I didn't go into this expecting for there to be a lot of hate and trolling and everything.
Because on average, at least in my experience, Nintendo fans are pretty gracious people, you know?
The expectations have been set at a certain level that maybe it's not going to be, you know, that if Nintendo is putting out a game,
they're gonna, you know, bust their ass to make what they really feel is a good Mario game, you know?
I can't say anything about any of the third parties having seen Mortal Kombat 1 on Switch and wanting to cry.
But I also know the capability's not there.
But back to my point, it's, um... I have experienced more positive than negative.
Myself.
Yeah, I mean, but then again, maybe it's just because I have the majority of the assholes on block already.
Yeah.
And some folks in chat, like Bobby is saying, have you heard how upset folks get when Nintendo doesn't show the exact trailer they want during a Nintendo Direct, even if they directly tell you what they're going to be talking about?
So, well, here's the thing about that, too.
That the loudest people out there are going to be the people who complain.
That is a minority of people.
I would also like to think that some of it that goes into it is some of the choice to not announce who it was for some time, to allow a little bit of distance of the Charles Martinet retirement or, you know, role change, whatever you want to call it, news, to allow a little distance between that.
Because I do think there has been a lot of talk on various social media, not just the one we've been referencing, but, you know, Facebook, Instagram, so forth.
There's been talk about basically, you know, hey, this is something that's happening.
whoever is coming into this role can't control what happened.
This is not Kevin Afghani's fault.
This is his opportunity to shine.
So y'all better act right for the new person.
And I feel like there's been time for that message to kind of get around, get around the people really should just act right and give this new guy a chance that for the vast majority, like obviously there's always going to be dumb dumbs on Twitter, but the vast majority of people are giving this person a fair shot.
And that's good.
I would even just go that back to act right.
Yeah.
Unqualified.
I mean this.
I've been trying to have a little bit more faith in people, you know, it doesn't often happen.
But you must not read the comments, which I should tell myself.
I always remind myself, don't do it.
Don't do it.
But I can't help it.
I can't help it.
It's like, it's like, why?
I don't read the comments because I'm lazy.
And therefore I'm not disappointed.
It's like, I knew, I knew if you look at a circus, you're gonna see clowns.
And that's what the Twitter comments are every fucking time.
So it's just, I need to learn to not do that.
And honestly enough, there's something else that I've learned through doing this show.
There are some opinions that I just don't care.
That's fair.
It's fair.
If I know you, or if you know me as a person,
I'll take your opinion in good faith.
And if you're just a person who has never met me in person and only knows me, well, I wouldn't say in person, but a person who... I'm trying to think of how to phrase this.
I don't trust the opinions of people on the Internet.
That's a good policy.
Um, like I don't know them and they don't know me.
There's no basis until we have a conversation and I understand the heart of the opinion, then I can make a judgment on it.
I think this is a cute comment in chat over twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
SSJ100 Matt says, I hope there's a cute moment at the game awards where they both present an award together as a passing of the torch kind of thing.
That is, that's cute.
I'd love that.
That'd be nice.
But to be fair,
If it doesn't happen, I don't think we should be disappointed either.
Just because there's a part of me that says, if I were Charles Martinet, I could absolutely think, you know what?
I don't want to be on that stage.
This is his moment.
I'm just going to do my thing at these, you know, small town conventions around the country.
You know what?
I'm gonna let him shine on that stage by himself.
And I think that's, that's an a-okay thing to do as well.
So.
Honestly, if I were Charles Martinet, I'd be like, where's my margarita?
Where is something that doesn't involve a video game?
And my margarita.
I'm gonna play croquet in my garden, like in Heather's.
So here would be my suggestion if Charles Martinet politely declines that idea.
Here's my completely feasible suggestion.
Have Ben Starr do it instead as the Mario passing of the torch and get up there and act all upset that he didn't get the role and do the whole
Yeah, well, I, I heard that you were actually going to be the voice of Mario.
And, you know, I was going for that role.
And I, I have right bit to be upset right now.
You know, like, have him do that whole thing.
And I think that would be very funny.
And that that's something that could be done instead.
All right.
Anyhow, best of luck to get I will say, you know what, in the little clips we've heard so far, he's fine.
He's gonna do just fine.
It's gonna be fine.
The game's going to be fine.
So good luck.
Good luck to him.
And I look forward to hearing what he's got in store for these characters.
Destabilize a fandom?
We're already unstable people.
Gamers?
All right.
Let's move on.
We got some more news.
Let's talk about what's going on in PlayStation's world.
You know, we anticipated that there would probably be a PlayStation 5 mini at some point.
And sure enough, it is coming.
The PlayStation 5 Slim was officially announced this last week.
And as some of the rumors said,
It did line up with this.
It will have a detachable drive.
This means if you buy the PlayStation 5 Slim Digital Edition, you could change your mind later and spend $80 to get a drive to add to the console.
So we knew that through some of the trademarks and things that had gone through earlier.
Although not every trademark becomes reality.
It did kind of seem this was the direction they were going.
And it does, I will say with the little form factor of the device, if you've seen this, it does slide on in a pretty interesting way.
Like it does look very like
it doesn't stand out like it doesn't look like the HD DVD plugin for the Xbox where it just kind of sat there on the side like it does fit into the shape of where they're going with the PlayStation 5 mini like I it does work so um I think it does does look pretty cool but people have the decision if they want to buy one versus the other however here's the interesting thing
Even though the PlayStation 5 Slim is smaller, guess what?
The Digital Edition will actually cost more money.
it's going to be $450 versus the current $400 edition that's out there.
So that means if you want one of those digital editions, you better buy it before it's gone.
Or you're going to have to hope you luck into one on a Kmart shelf at one of the three Kmarts left in America later on, like that one person who bought a Wii U in September as that story was going around.
I think the reason they were more expensive is because they have more storage on them.
yes that is true they do have more storage uh so and which if it is a digital edition that makes sense that you'd want to have the one terabyte and all that so there is that uh five hundred dollars if you want to get the uh ultra hd blu-ray disc included drive uh with the system bundle there november is when this rolls out and it will roll out globally
in the coming months and Sony is confirming when the current PlayStation 5 model has sold out it is no longer going to be made it's done so all right cool
this is this is the future of PlayStation five but it makes you know it this has been rumored for some time and makes a lot of sense for the holiday the current I'm looking up because I'm looking at my current PlayStation five that's sitting on the same shelf as the devices that run OLR and I it is kind of a big it is a big monster of a system so you know it makes a lot of sense but yeah um
If you still don't have a PlayStation 5, maybe this will be appetizing to you.
I don't know, Loki, you're the one I know without a PlayStation 5.
Does this look interesting to you?
No, because like, honestly, now it's it's come down to exclusives for Sony and a lot of that stuff ends up coming to PC.
So no, not at this point.
Like, it's unfortunate because, you know, I would be interested in like PlayStation VR, too.
But once again, I'm not paying a thousand dollars to jump in for like a couple of games.
Like, no, thanks.
And you said I just.
Yeah.
Sorry.
You said you didn't have one either, DarkSakura?
I thought you did.
No.
Oh, I thought you did for some reason.
And neither do I have one of the Xboxes.
Is this... I have to ask, is this tempting?
Now that they're gonna be slimmer, can fit the shelf easier?
No.
Still not really anything on there I care about.
Same with Xbox.
I mean, I'll be perfectly honest, I'm having a lot of fun with just what I'm playing already.
and I like playing on my Mac.
Well, and we see that this generation more than any others, a lot of the Sony exclusive quote unquote titles and inherently a lot of the Xbox exclusive titles end up on home computers as well.
Like it's just the fact of this particular generation.
Like if you wait long enough, Final Fantasy 16 will be out on PC.
God of War Ragnarok will be out on PC.
Like all that stuff is going to be on PC eventually.
So I get it.
So, you know,
Yeah, and also like back to the $1,000 for like PlayStation VR 2 thing, like I also don't trust them to like, you know, make content for that for a very long time.
I think they're just gonna forget, they're gonna Vita it, you know, they're gonna forget about it eventually once it's not turning them enough of a profit and
Like, I just can't... If, like, the PlayStation VR 2, like, also doubled as, like, a PC VR, then yeah, maybe that might be worth it, but, like, for just what it is...
No, I'll wait.
Like, you know, I really do want to play, you know, that Rush of Blood, Spiritual Seek, you know, successor, but not that much.
Like, it's just... That PSVR 2 is on its way to being a disaster of a device.
And it's not because of the hardware.
The hardware is great.
It's... Oh, yeah.
I hope maybe some changing of the guard at Sony.
It may be too late, I don't know, but I hope some changing of the guard at Sony can strategically change the plan for VR a little bit, because right now, that thing is... I don't know what it really looks like sales-wise, but I would be hard-pressed to not believe it's a disaster of a device, because the software is not there to support it.
It's more like, I'm looking at a Quest 3 even, and I'm on the fence with that even, because I know I will buy it and it will end up in a box.
I just don't have the space for VR, unfortunately.
But I do like VR, I do like playing VR games.
Um, it's cumbersome to like set up an area to do that.
I just wish it was, you know, I had more space in my house, but I do want one.
Like, I think it would be great because I have a Rift S and that's pretty old at this point.
So even a Quest 3 allowing me to play PC games I have on my PC that, you know, could clearly handle them.
I think that would be a really good experience.
All right, well, let's move on with some more news.
This is a completely different type of story.
DarkSakura.
So well, you know, I like to look at the way video games help society.
I think we all do.
So there, there is a $5 million NIH grant going to Parkinson's research with patients playing video games during brain surgery.
And it's looking into how the brain regulates movement.
So the assistant professor of bioengineering at UC Riverside, and I'm going to try to pronounce his name, Vasileios Christopoulos, is leading a project, it's a five-year project, that lets them study people during surgery with electrodes while they're playing video games.
They're collaborating with folks at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Utah Southwestern Medical School, and the University of Iowa.
He's quoted saying, we will try to understand how our brain controls the actions we perform, how we make decisions between competing goals, how we stop moving, and how we switch actions.
So, which basically that's what Parkinson's does.
It's involved with action regulation, causing slower movements, difficulty stopping a movement, freezing, having trouble initiating new actions.
And it's all related to dopamine.
You actually lose dopamine as the disease progresses.
And one of the first things they do is provide like a synthetic dopamine for people.
And so one of the other things to test is dopamine response while you're playing a game.
So basically they're awake, they have electrodes implanted, they'll play video games with the joystick before, during, and after the surgery to see how the treatment works in real time.
And then that way, the other goal is to use all of this data gathered to build a large-scale mathematical model of the brain so that they will have a machine model that they can test with as well.
And for those who don't know, also about Parkinson's, it is the second most common neurodegenerative disease right after Alzheimer's.
Roughly 500,000 Americans are diagnosed with it, and it's doubled in the last 25 years, especially in people under 50.
So this is, I mean, it is a terminal disease.
Having ways of understanding how to combat its
The speed of its degeneration could certainly give people longer lives with a better quality of life.
So, I think it's a good idea.
This is a really good thing they're doing.
It's always nice to hear about how video games are kind of used to get those certain types of stimulations in the brain that have these very interesting effects.
On a somewhat related note, about like video games and that whole type of thing, I was seeing this study going around this week on social media again, I seem to remember this coming up on the show before years ago, but about like, if a child or even an adult experiences some type of traumatic event,
playing Tetris is apparently a really good way to help the brain kind of move past in a way that sort of traumatic event because the way that the spatial and the blocks kind of end up going into your brain and so forth help to kind of suppress some of the some of the damage that's happened by such a such a traumatic event, which I find that kind of stuff very fascinating.
That in person.
Yeah.
Tetris was actually a very useful tool to me, even as an adult, doing anything spatial and puzzle related.
I would say things that might have otherwise caused me a meltdown.
So really good as a way to make the brain work in a different dimension.
Yeah.
And it's interesting that Tetris is like always that game that we come back to.
And I'm sure there's probably other puzzle games that also fit the bill.
But obviously Tetris is by far the most well known of those games.
So it is very interesting that that one in particular, and I have no idea where it fits into this particular study, but just of some of these other, you know, kind of side related sort of things I've been seeing is interesting how it always comes back to Tetris in one way or another.
So yeah, Fonz006 says Tetris is good for all.
Yeah, just take two Tetris and call me in the morning.
All right.
Anything else to share on that particular exactly study?
Okay, no, just it'd be nice to see what comes of it.
Yep.
All right, let's move on.
And also something to see nice that this has come of this.
Loki, let's go to the next story.
Yes, it's about time.
So, of course, after all of this Unity debacle with the walkbacks and the unpopular change in payment structure, John Riccatello, the CEO of Unity, has decided to retire from Unity.
So he is going to be leaving the company.
He says, it's been my privilege to lead Unity.
Yeah, I'm sure no one cares.
um and so he is going to be helping the company transition to a new ceo at some point and i don't believe a ceo has been uh named yet he's also going to be earning 8.4 million dollars through stock options over the next six months and that's additionally to the 253 million dollars they already has in unity stock but at least
That part of the problem is gone.
Hopefully the next person they get, not Bobby Kotick, will lead the company in a better direction.
it's you know what here's the thing like I could say something sassy or bitchy but the reality is I when this news happened I said where's the accountability and oh well ding ding the accountability train has arrived at the station and guess who it's taking away like finally the thing that is hap that should be happening is happening and so it's like okay this this is good news applause
accountability.
It feels good.
It feels good.
Yes, this is this.
We got what we wanted.
Our game is happy.
Yes.
Starting the shift.
We got Bobby Kotick is leaving.
John Riccatello is leaving.
Some of the former, you know, higher ups at Ubisoft are being prosecuted.
Like just starting this.
Yeah, it is.
It is.
It is a nice change of pace.
But since you brought up.
Is it Hanukkah?
Yes.
Almost.
Since you brought up Bobby Kotick.
This is what should have happened to Bobby Kotick a long time ago.
And it's nice to see that this is happening to John Riccatello.
And not everybody is going to like what I'm about to say, but too bad.
What John Riccatello did is not as bad as what Bobby Kotick did.
No, not by far.
By far.
John Riccatello is greedy, which is a lot of CEOs are greedy.
They make greedy decisions.
Whereas Bobby Kotick is actually
a horrible human being
Factually way worse.
So it does kind of suck that the accountability train didn't take him away in the middle of the night.
But like Loki pointed out, it is nice to see this interesting trend in the past few months of accountability trains showing up in different places, which is
Some comments and chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
Bonz006 says, say it with your chest, Rob.
I will, I will.
Not a tear will be shed at these guys leaving.
SSG0100Matt says, now do Yves Guillaumon.
Good point.
Questbuster says, this really was a rare display of accountability for a CEO after a disaster of this size.
This is what has to happen for people to trust Unity again.
I would argue, in fact, that there will be developers out there who will now say, OK, we're going to trust Unity again because the train took them away.
And now this company maybe is going to be led in a different way, which we can trust Unity again.
Not everybody.
I'm not saying like, oh, everybody can just like get over it completely.
But there's gonna be more people now that will say, okay, I can work with Unity again.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I think there are some people that are on board with that.
But not everybody.
I think there's some people that's like, that's too late, you know.
Yeah.
I'm sorry, Jamie, what were you saying?
They're still charging, though.
Right.
It's a it's a very modified version of it.
That's completely not like what they originally put out there.
It's very different.
Yeah.
So there was a there was a follow up, but I think it might have been one of the weeks you were out.
So.
All right.
Um, well, let's move on and talk about this story, which I find very interesting.
And it has to do with AI because you know, our industry can't shut up about this right now.
And I understand it's everywhere.
And we have a case of a voice actor being replaced with AI in a video game.
But the twist is,
There was permission given in this scenario by the estate of the deceased actor.
So what's going on?
Cyberpunk 2077, of course, uses a variety of voice actors.
I'm going to horribly mispronounce this name because it's in a language I don't speak, but Milgust Rezek.
who is a Polish performer who did Polish voice acting in the game.
He played the character of Wiktor Vector, but that's in the Polish version of the game.
So if you've only played the English version of the game, you've never heard the person, but he was important in the Polish version of the game.
He passed away in 2021.
A report came out this week that showed that the studio moved on from this setback with the help of artificial intelligence.
In a statement to Bloomberg, CD Projekt Red explained that when they developed the Phantom Liberty DLC for Cyberpunk 2077, they weighed a few options.
Would they replace Rezik?
Would they re-record his lines in the base game with the new voice actor?
But, as stated by the localization director, Mikolaj Sved, the idea was rejected in favor of AI, which could keep the performance in the game and pay tribute to his wonderful performance as Victor Vector.
So what they did, they hired a new voice actor to record all the necessary lines.
And then a voice cloning Ukraine-based software called ReSpeecher made an algorithm to alter the dialogue to sound like Rezek.
The use of AI in the Phantom Liberty expansion was done with permission, and that is a very important part of this whole story, from the family.
The sons were very supportive of this whole thing.
It's interesting because you've seen this sort of permission granted in other places.
Just in the last week or two, we've seen the story floating around about James Earl Jones, one of the most infamous voices in Hollywood, has given permission for AI to continue to use his voice as the voice of Darth Vader in the future.
He basically no longer does the role anymore, but in the future, he will be able to do this through AI.
So anyway,
Obviously, you know, the permission makes this a little more ethically in the clear, but it's still a little bit of a slippery slope because AI as a whole, not just really in gaming, but in Hollywood, we know this is a really key part of where the SAG-AFTRA debate and those negotiations and all that are going on right now is the use of AI.
And, you know, this is going to continue to be a hot button issue and so forth.
some comments in chat.
Quest Buster says Bobby clarified on his show.
This is the localized Polish version of CP 27 seven Phantom Liberty.
Yes, I hope I made that clear when I was reading the story.
The part his character also features in one of the endings you can get based on the decisions.
So dark to see you said I need to clarify my stance from what I said on Bobby show.
I feel like the family's blessing carries a little more weight than the naysayers on social media.
I'm actually going to say something here.
I still don't like this.
I don't.
Hold on, hold on.
Please let me finish.
I understand that ethically, does this clear this a little bit more ethically and so forth?
Yes.
And I don't have a problem with it on that front.
I'm not sure I love the idea of AI permanently giving people parts for the rest of time, because it doesn't allow other people to ever take on the role.
And like, I think about things like on Broadway, where you very oftentimes have many, many, many people that come in and play a role, you know, and I think about let's think about a play that's been on Broadway for forever, like Chicago,
JynxMonsoon
got to live their lifelong dream of being on Broadway, playing the part of Mama Morton in the production.
And when I saw Chicago on Broadway like 10 years ago, the Mama Morton I saw that night was great as well.
There's been a lot of very talented people that have gone through that production over the years.
My point is, I feel like if we keep relying on AI like this, it's going to allow... I mean,
Imagine if they'd done Charles Martinet's voice through AI, with his permission or whatever.
I mean, like it would, it would, it would rob these other up and comers of this opportunity to take on the role.
And we would never get to see other takes on characters.
So I don't know, I walk a weird line with this.
Because yes, I understand ethically, it's fine with permission, everything.
And I think when it's like,
Like a cameo or something like I think about Carrie Fisher as Princess Leia.
I don't want to spoil too much, but had a cameo somewhere.
And it was a very brief thing to tie a story to somewhere else.
And I'm sure many of you know what I'm talking about.
We'll leave it at that.
Okay, and like a cameo like that, like it bothers me a lot less, because I'm just kind of like, okay, I get it.
They're trying to like tie it to a very specific timeline, and a very specific iteration of that role.
And they have permission or whatever.
So that sits a little better with me.
But like, should someone own a role forever and ever?
I don't know.
Like, I'm just I, I don't think I love it.
Okay, sorry, Loki, I know you're trying to jump in there.
And I've said a lot.
Go ahead.
Oh, no, I was going to say, my only worry about it is now where they're giving the permission.
Now, I worry that in the future you'll have actors that will get permission through like a contract, but then the company is going to manipulate that contract to a point where it's like, well, now we just own your voice.
We don't need you anymore, you know, type of thing.
I'm worried that people are going to get into that scenario.
Thankfully, you know, at least the
SAG-AFTRA is going to be, you know, trying to prevent that type of scenario from happening, so hopefully there's something that comes of that, but I still worry.
I don't trust corporations like this, like, because especially of all the, like, shady stuff that they've done, like, I don't doubt that they're going to try to find a way to manipulate that, so it's like, oh, hey, we'll just, you know, we'll use this voice forever.
It's forever now, you know, so I don't know.
I can see what Rob is saying.
When the game version of Scarface was being worked on, they approached Al Pacino to do the part, but he said he just didn't sound the same as he did during the 80s, but he suggested another voice actor to take on the role instead.
E3VL says it puts a new definition of generational wealth and less opportunities for lower class in the future to rise up in social class.
SHO100mat talking about the SAG strikes.
The background actor thing is scary.
DarkSakura, VoG Network, Ranma, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I feel about AI in general and the fact that companies want to use it without having to offer pay.
I honestly, I think that when you're dealing with a role that's iconic, like Vader, or going back to another example, you know, de-aging actors.
We talked about, I know Bobby had talked about that on his show earlier.
But I think I am fine if permission is granted.
I look at these roles as legacies.
You know, it's a way to keep the iconic voice and even the brand of the character alive after the originator is gone.
It's it's like having a painting, in my opinion.
That being said.
I. For the ones who are using things like
machine learning to generate voices to do these things without paying an actor to do it.
The estates are still being paid for the deceased.
The actors are still being paid for their permission.
But when you are using generated voices that are not given with express permission, that are learned voices,
And you don't have to pay the talent, you're just creating a voice.
That's what I have the problem with.
Things that are leading to basically preventing someone who could have provided that new voice for a new character or a new narration or
or just anything like it's really prevalent a lot on on certain YouTube videos out there and they're not paying they're not paying people for these roles they're they're renting a machine to do it you know
I think that, yeah, there are some roles that, yeah, it's fine for a recast.
I mean, how many times do we have a TV show come out and have, you know, characters from a movie recast and have them be much better?
Oh, Buffy.
James Bond, I think, is a great example.
Oh, right, but the whole thing behind his is kind of like The Doctor.
Yeah.
He regenerates into a different Bond, you know.
But, um,
But I think that in the case of a very iconic role, there's that.
In the past, it wasn't technologically possible to do.
Now it is.
And again, for these voices that we got to grow up listening to, I think it's great that people are going to get to keep it.
But again,
It goes back to paying the actor and paying their estate.
You see where the difference is?
fine plays.
I have no problem with what's going on here with the AI voice actor thing because they got permission and so forth.
I have seen in Final Fantasy XIV where, yeah, they did recast the character in a later expansion because the one couldn't come back for whatever reason, and it was fine.
Soap operas do recasting all the time and so forth.
So I just
I, I sort of understand like, you know, and I kind of reference like the legacy character, like, you know, Carrie Fisher and all that stuff.
Like, yeah, it was a short little cameo.
It was to tie it together.
I get it.
It's fine.
I just, you know, and if it's the same thing with Vader, where it's just a line or two, then whatever, like, I don't think it's as big of a deal.
But like, if I just don't want to see AI used to make somebody the main character again, type of thing, like recast the part of it's gonna go there.
That's, that's where I'm kind of like, on the fence.
Um,
Now, as far as what you get what you pay for when it comes to AI in some ways, I thank you chat who did post the clip here.
So I apologize to the podcast listeners, but I am going to show this here real quick for those that are watching on our Twitch channel here.
Somebody on TikTok actually oops, sorry, their audio came through too.
I thought I had it muted.
Sorry, folks.
So you can actually see there.
So there's that and then look at that look at that crowd.
And that AI like is that person you
Yeah, that looks you get what you pay for.
I'm completely against that.
They they are composite people.
They likely did not get any permission from the people whose likenesses went to train that machine.
Yeah.
And that is what I am against, things that are creating free labor from the work of other people.
Right.
Like for, to go back to the, you know, the Vader thing, the machine learned one voice and one voice only, and the voice got paid.
But when, say that, say that you go on one of those AI art things and like, I want a picture of a cat riding a unicorn playing guitar, but I want it done in the style of Da Vinci.
You know, it's taking all of the various, you know, it's stealing from a master, number one.
It's stealing from all the other artwork that came before it to teach that AI to create this image.
And on top of that, a lot of those are like, pick which one is more like what you want.
And you're getting the people who are paying you for the service to train your AI for free.
You know, I...
That's where my problem is.
I want there to be accreditation where it's due.
I want the people that contribute it paid for.
Or paid to, I should say.
and not being used as a quick replacement for avoiding having to hire extras or avoiding having to hire, you know, for other things.
Having to hire your artist, having to hire your graphic designer.
And another thing too, and I know that Fixie has brought this up before,
is there are people now who are soliciting to create artwork for independent content creators out there.
And people are paying, you know, $50, $100, $200 for something.
And these people are just generating AI art and sending it to them like they made it themselves.
And that right there is fraud.
I mean, the only thing is that these people can't claim any copyright on any of this work, but there has to be a set ethical standard for the use of AI in art, including voice acting, singing, artwork, acting, you name it.
All right, well, let's go ahead and move on.
This is unfortunately the AI thing, just like the Activision Blizzard Microsoft thing.
This ain't the last we're going to hear about it.
We're going to hear much, much more, especially as the game industry tries to figure this out, along with the film industry, like where those lines end up getting drawn.
So we're going to find that out from ongoing contract negotiations.
would do if they could get away with it.
If they could get away with it.
But that's why we have SAG-AFTRA to stop that.
So, all right.
Let's move on, though.
Let's go back to a cinematic classic since we're talking about film, DarkSakura.
Oh, yes.
So, and Dan messaged this to me earlier while I was busy working, and so I just kind of stopped and was like, oh,
So there is a mystery pinball company out there in existence that randomly announced that they were doing a labyrinth table.
And it turns out that the company is called Barrels of Fun Pinball.
I really like their logo icon, which is basically a flipper and a bald and like an exclamation point.
I think that's great.
But there are some really amazing people who are involved in this project.
Brian Savage, and a few more.
And there's a trailer out for the game and it looks amazing.
So they did get permission to use David Bowie's voice, lines from the film, to use his likeness.
No view of Jennifer Connelly, but I think the point of the game is that they're putting you as the protagonist in this, that you're traversing the labyrinth.
There are lots of sound clips from the movie.
I have a feeling that there's an oubliette mode, because I thought I saw, you know, heard a line from the oubliette and saw some of the things on the table.
There's a full motion video screen, kind of like the Jersey Jack tables.
It's...
It's really nice, the mock-up art scenery from the movie.
I think that's a little busy for side art myself, but it's really... I'm really impressed by it.
I really am impressed by it.
The play field looks beautiful.
There are tons of figures all over it.
Like, we even have a...
Ludo, Jennifer Connelly, Sordidimus,
You know, with that disturbing song and that whole business.
Creepy.
They have like little pop up heads in the table.
And it's it's it's a beautiful thing.
I one of Dan's friends already ordered one.
Yeah, it looks it looks really good.
I like the way the table looks.
Sorry, I was trying to show a shot on stream, but I got the wrong trailer.
But I finally found at least an image of what that looks like there.
It's obviously Bowie very heavily featured in the artwork as DarkSakura was kind of saying there with the big video screen and all that stuff.
So it looks the table does look gorgeous.
It's not to mention the songs from the movie are in it.
Yeah, that's awesome.
So I'm I'm stoked.
Yeah, I'm and I'm sure
I thought I read something about Toby, the guy that played the baby, who's now a puppeteer himself.
He was involved with it too, but I'd have to go back and look.
But yeah, I'm totally, totally down.
I should address this comment here because I'm sure many people that have seen this table were curious about this.
DarkTetsuya says, I'm guessing the guy from Southern Fried Game Expo, I forget his name but I did see it mentioned on Twitter, is probably going to have to retire his custom table.
I feel like that still remains what it always was, a fan project and fan love that brought that.
And honestly, one could even argue that maybe the visibility that came with that getting all the press may have, who knows, led to what we're seeing now.
So I think that still plays an important role.
But are you gonna see him charging people to play that table?
No, that he was not gonna be able to do, but he never did.
Or try to sell it.
But yeah, he never did.
It was a thing that was at expos.
It was a, you know, passion project type of thing.
So that's, and that's where that will remain.
I would assume that table still has a place next year.
It's still a very to see that somebody hand painted a table and converted like that still is a piece of art in its own way.
And to me, these two things can coexist.
Yes, it's hard not to bring that up in light of, you know, this this news, but I still say that just remains what it is, a really incredible fan project.
Well, and there are so many there are so many modded tables that go to conventions and whatnot, people who've done their own theming of them that it like and even companies are doing it with their own tables, putting out different skins for them.
Like I know the Halloween table is also the same one for.
I don't remember.
It's the same as another one, and I don't remember what it is.
Halloween.
I'll look it up.
All right.
Ultraman.
That's right.
I played them both in the same expo.
All right.
Well, let's move on from pinball to Loki, one of your favorite games that you create a lot of content about.
Loki.
Yes.
Minecraft Live was today.
So that's basically kind of like the Nintendo Direct of Minecraft.
Kind of.
They do different announcements.
They talk about the next update.
So because of the merger, World of Warcraft will now be playable in Minecraft.
Yes.
uh no no announcement of that yet yet um
They did announce some more DLC regarding Star Wars and Minecraft.
So they do these like DLC map things every once in a while.
So now there's going to be a brand new one that's coming out that's based around it's Star Wars Path of the Jedi.
And it's coming on the marketplace November 7th.
And you'll be able to play as a Padawan during the Clone Wars.
And you get to do all that kind of stuff.
It looked pretty cool.
There was, of course, they talked about Planet Earth, you know, that thing that's coming out from the BBC.
They're doing DLC with that as well.
They did one for the second one as well.
On top of that, other announcements.
So Minecraft is turning 15 years old next year.
So there's going to be some interesting things with that.
They've also sold 300 million copies of the game.
So a few, you know.
And along with that, of course, there's going to be the new update, so 1.21 coming out next year.
Some of the things that we got to see with that, they announced a brand new structure called a Trial Dungeon.
And with that they've got these trial spawners that spawn unique monsters based on the number of players that you have around.
And one of those is a new monster called the Breeze, which it blows air and it's kind of like an air elemental type thing.
and it has some cool interactions with like redstone stuff.
Auto-crafting is coming to the game.
So they're going to have a thing called the Crafter which allows you to actually set recipes and feed blocks into it and they'll actually craft up other items so you can incorporate that into automatic farms and stuff to help either compress some of the drops that you get or to make whatever.
So lots of creative things.
This game plays itself.
It doesn't play itself but like people make a lot of automated farms like I have a gold farm for example that I just built and it drops gold nuggets and gold nuggets take up a lot of space so you can compress those down into ingots which you know it takes nine nuggets to one ingot and then you can compress that down into blocks which nine ingots to a block so you can have that all done automatically so your storage isn't like full and you don't have to sit there you know sorting gold nuggets into a crafting bench
for I think it takes me like 10 minutes.
It's a long time after an AFK session.
So there's all that stuff you can do.
Plus, there's some of the crafting recipes like the dispenser.
You can't really mass create those.
So you could do that as well with this.
New copper and new tough blocks are going to be added to the game as well.
And there was a mob vote between
a penguin crab and armadillo in the armadillo one so we get an armadillo well justice for penguin it exactly i voted penguin i voted because you're a man of taste
Yes, exactly.
The reason why the armadillo vote, so there's different gameplay elements that come along with the mob.
So the crab is going to drop a claw that allows you to reach farther and place blocks and pickup blocks further away.
The armadillo gives you, it drops scoot, which you can be crafted into dog armor and people love their dogs.
And then the penguin allowed your boats to go faster.
I thought it was cool because the penguins are cute.
They were like clumsy on land.
They would fall down a lot, which was cool.
They gave it the worst ability.
That's what that's.
Yeah.
And so that's what that's what it came down to is people.
People vote based off of the gameplay element, not what the creature is.
So, yeah, Armadillo is fine.
That was my second choice.
Crab was kind of.
dumb.
Honestly, like the argument I've been making is like, oh, I wish it should if we've gotten crab how long until we have just oodles and oodles of YouTubes with people reenacting crab crab rave in Minecraft, right?
No, that would have had to have been incorporated into the game because they have it where you can play like music discs for paint or not pick was up for parrots and they'll dance.
So of course, they should have just enabled that for crabs.
But
yeah i mean the the argument like one of the big things that people were pushing this year is stop the mob vote which they don't want the mob vote as it is and and i agree the way it should be is that these mobs are being developed and it's like hey we're gonna put out these mobs you know in the next couple updates which one do you want first you know we'll develop this one first and then you get all three that's how it should be but instead they're like
Well, you know, we'll just put these other ones in our logs somewhere and eventually maybe come to the game.
Like they said that they did that with the frogs.
Honestly, I don't remember ever having a mob vote with a frog, but allegedly that's what they said.
And that was the only example of mobs that they've, you know,
thrown aside for different things.
And I don't agree with that.
I think that if you're going to, you know, incorporate some of these things, like, for example, was it a couple mob votes ago, they had the Glow Squid, the Moobloom, and the Ice Ologer.
Two of those, actually, all three of those came from other games.
So two of them from Minecraft Earth, one from Minecraft Dungeons.
All the models in the voice, you know, lines and sound effects and stuff are all done already.
Like, you have those models.
They are literally sitting on
a vast library of, you know, mob models that are just out there and they just don't want to spend the time to incorporate them into the game.
Like modders were already, day one, when these were announced, already had them functional in the game.
It's like, you can't tell me that, like, your team of developers can't put these in the game, all three of them.
Like, it's going to be too much manpower to do that.
I don't believe that one bit.
So, I don't know.
I like to, at least this update, there's something I'm excited about with the different, the new structures and the automatic crafting.
Whereas the last update was like, I'm not really excited about any of it.
Um, so I, you know, I say it was better than last year, but I think that the mob vote really needs to be retooled.
All right, but that's right.
We need to just stuff the ballot box for Penguin next time.
That's how it needs to be.
I tried.
I tried voting Penguin, but you know.
You didn't send me the link.
I didn't vote Penguin.
That's fine.
All right.
Let's talk about this story.
A lot of folks in our Discord were talking about this story earlier this week.
If you want to join the discussion during the week, you sure can over at vognetwork.com slash discord, especially there being no live show next week.
If you want to talk to us about news that breaks next week, I would highly encourage you to do that over at our Discord server.
Again, vognetwork.com slash discord.
And I don't know how many of you heard about this, but there was a limited time
Pokemon Trading Card for the game that was released.
It was Pokemon Cross Van Gogh called Pikachu with Gray Felt Hat.
It was a take on a very similar piece of work by Vince Van Gogh, which I'm going to show there on the other screen there.
So for folks that are looking on our Twitch channel, you can see how, yes, it's very inspired there.
It actually kind of looks like one of those AI things, but this was done by an actual person, I'm assuming.
And of course it sold out instantly because people flooded the museum.
There's chaotic scenes of what this looked like at a museum, mind you, the Van Gogh Museum.
There's just what chaos looks like all over YouTube.
It looked like Toys R Us on Black Friday back in the day where people were
You know, jumping on top of each other to get Cabbage Patch Kids and all this stuff.
It's just wild.
And that's what was happening here.
People were climbing over each other to get whatever merchandise they could.
And why?
Because it was being scalped.
Scalper, scalper, scalpers trying to buy it up so that they can go profit off of that online.
Pokemon Company has revealed you can still get this item via the Pokemon Center website.
On the website, they announced this.
What will happen is that the promo card, if you do one Pokemon Center order,
containing a Pokemon trading card game product.
While supplies last, you can get one Pikachu with gray felt hat promo card.
So they're basically having to shift it all online because people don't know how to act right in person.
And scalpers are going to scalp.
And I know there's a lot of people that are quick to blame the scalpers.
And I get it.
You should.
The people that really need to be blamed are the people that buy from scalpers.
Um, that because it's only enabling all of this behavior and putting the stuff into it.
And I get it.
There's always going to be people with that kind of money to spend that are going to pay the premium for it.
But to me, that's where the blame lies.
It's the people that are buying and to some extent, it's places like eBay where this shit thrives and goes unchecked completely.
Um,
but it's whatever I realized it's a it's a very large kind of problem to take on.
But yeah, the whole thing just to kind of see that go down in a museum is really, really gross.
And it's sad.
I I also kind of hope it's a lesson learned in a way like I'm sometimes I wonder does Pokemon not understand how popular they are?
They know.
but but when things like this happen or like when Pokemon go even first launched on mobile phones in 2016 and it was like it was so popular it was screwed up like do they not know how popular Pokemon is sometimes I wonder it's just I mean it's it's not a bad problem to have but
SG100 Matt says, honestly, they probably wouldn't do these trading card things again because of it, which hurts everyone.
MikeDef says, they know, but for some reason they lack the logistics for this kind of stuff.
Well, because they gave it to the museum to do, but the museum also lacks the logistics for this stuff.
MikeDef says, granted, after that first day, the thing got under control, but there were people outside the museum harassing people that came out
to buy the card and made it pretty uncomfortable for visitors.
It's like the people fucking outside a concert.
Do you have any tickets to sell?
No, I'm fucking here to see the show.
I don't have tickets to sell.
Anyway, let's go back to a simpler time when you know video games weren't things we were going to see in a museum anytime soon in this next segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
And DarkSakura, what did you pick for the Classic Game this week?
I picked Dragon Ball Z's Super Butouden 2.
I picked the second one on purpose, because I like it better than the first one.
It's a game that came out in 1993, developed by Tose and published by Bandai for the Super Famicom.
It's based, of course, off of the Dragon Ball franchise and is the sequel to Dragon Ball Z's Super Butoden that came out earlier that year for Super Famicom.
This one is cooler because it is The Cell Game.
This is probably one of the better story arcs, although, dear lord, it still went on for freaking ever.
And also has some of the movie characters that came out around the same time, like the Borori and Bojack movies.
But anyway, it uses a six-button configuration to play with.
You have special moves and different playable modes.
And it's done by the same team.
And it really improves on the previous one.
So it brings in the tournament mode and has more characters.
And it really is considered, while it's similar to Super Butoden, it's a little bit, I'd say, it's better.
Now, the pinnacle of that era was Super Butouden 3, but I'm saving that for another day.
Anyway, the Super Butouden 2, one of the neat things about it, and this is actually a fairly common thing for the Dragon Ball games, is this sort of split-screen thing that happens when the characters are far apart.
The whole point of it is to give this sense of distance and feeling and, you know, you have your aerial attacks and your ground attacks and of course when you're closer together, you know, the little divider goes away.
You've got all kinds of neat special moves that are basically related to their moves in the series.
And so, you know, it's one of the ways that you can just get a little bit more of that epic feel that the show is known for.
You also have water arenas that are added for this one.
You have counterattack specials.
You have meteor combos for consecutive attacks.
In the previous game, only Goku had that.
But at any rate, the people who worked on it had some funny nicknames like JC Pajama.
I thought that was funny.
That's good.
But the game was a real big success.
It was released in Japan on December 17th, 1993, and they actually did release it in Europe in April 1994, and then published in June 1994 by Bandai.
In French, it was Dragon Ball Z Legend Slayer, as in Saiyajin Legend.
There was an album of the music that was published in Japan by Columbia Records and had arranged versions of some of the songs.
There was an English version for Latin America that had been made and never released.
In 2015, the Japanese version of Super Butouden 2 was included as a pre-order bonus for Dragon Ball Z Extreme Butouden for Nintendo 3DS.
And that was for people who ordered in the UK through Game or in the US through Amazon that had a code for the title.
And this was its first official release in the United States.
The game was at the top of Famitsu's charts in December 1993.
It was a success, lifetime sales between 1.15 million according to Famitsu, and 1.2 million units alone in Japan.
Or in Japan alone, sorry.
had really good music.
To this day, Trunks' theme is like the best music in any video game ever.
I don't care what anyone says, it's like one of the best ever pieces of music in a game.
And yeah, so it's also the first Dragon Ball game I ever owned.
and I have a story about it.
I traded my entire VHS run of Gyver that I had at the time for the entire Cell Game fan subbed and Super Butouden 2 and Super Butouden together.
And then I was the cool kid that had the Dragon Ball games in the 90s.
Of course, well before, you know.
I was totally into... I hate to do the hipster thing.
I was in Dragon Ball Z when it was only on Japan.
But I was totally into it.
Like, that was my jam.
That and Sailor Moon and Ranma 1.5.
Those were the holy trinity of anime back then.
And... Oh, that series got me through my first couple years of college.
Yeah, but I still have my copies.
I love them.
Of course, I think the biggest one that was supposed to have eclipsed them was Hyperdimension that came out much later, but I'll be talking about those at some point in the future.
All right.
Just reading some comments from chat here, remembering this game.
Sjohn100mat says, this was a must have when ROM downloading was a thing.
And OrangeWrite says, definitely check this game out during my introduction to SNES emulation.
Remember to delete the ROM after 24 hours.
And I'm just laughing.
It's like, how did anybody ever believe that legally that was a thing?
Well, and to answer OrangeWrite on here, I also had a Dragon Ball GT Final Bout.
And I wish I had kept it when I did because it ended up being worth a lot more money until it got a re-release.
But I traded my copy of that game for Blue Stinger on Dreamcast, the Japanese one.
And honestly, Blue Stinger was a better game.
All right.
Well, there you go.
I can say I beat Blue Stinger like three times.
There's your classic game of the week.
Well, we saw more show to come at you here, including some other headline stories in a segment we call Rapid Fire News.
So we'll talk about them quickly because it's rapid fire.
Loki.
Yeah, this is kind of strange, but Microsoft Flight Simulator is getting some new DLC for the Juice Goose.
Now, what's the juice?
What's the Juice Goose?
It is some sort of ATV.
So you may be wondering, well, what's that have to do with Microsoft Flight Simulator?
And honestly, I don't know.
But apparently it is something that you can get for $15 and it's actually it's like allows you to drive it.
Hmm.
and like go off jumps and go like drive it in the dunes and stuff so it's kind of weird to see Microsoft Flight Simulator to have like driving sim stuff in there as well.
Well, it's less weird when you consider this is a third party mod and Flight Sim is enabled for the sale of third party mods.
So that makes it less weird.
But I will say, you know, I am interested in this because I, you know, the flight sim, the graphics are so incredible in that game and the way, you know, it generates the actual real world based off of, you know, existing satellite imagery and all that stuff, which I haven't played the game in a while.
I wonder if they've updated it because there's a lot of newer areas in my part of town that, you know, are just fields.
Thanks for watching!
Yeah, I check it out.
I think 15 bucks is a little expensive.
Just when I don't know what I'm getting into.
But if there's if there's some really good like trailers of other people playing it not not like a super cut trailer, but like actual gameplay from a streamer or somebody check I would they could maybe sway me.
I'd be very curious what it looked like.
Yeah.
Anyway,
And then along with that, I'm very excited because Earth Defense Force 6 is being localized for North America.
Spring 2024.
It's coming out on PlayStation 5 and PC.
And I cannot wait because I love me some Earth Defense Force.
It is a trashy game and.
And I eat that trash up.
I'm very happy for you, Loki.
All right, let's move on, DarkSakura.
So there's a game called Spin Rhythm XD coming out on Switch.
It'll be out October 26th, my brother's birthday, the good brother, with also its first DLC.
Right now it's available on a computer.
Super Spin Digital is releasing it.
The orders are up as of October 19th.
But it's already been on Early Access on Steam.
As far as songs that will be in the first DLC, just all name a couple, Crazy by Tokyo Machine, It's All Over by Shock One, Overkill by Riot, a few of those songs.
But it's like a kinetic music game and it has over 60 licensed and original tracks in the game already.
So it looks pretty.
Yeah, kind of.
Spinny guitar hero-ish.
Yeah, this game was a GDQ the last time around, and Alan streamed this before, so it's yeah, it's it's for music game stuff.
It's pretty it's pretty cool.
I like it.
It's cute.
Me.
Alright, moving on, talking about Windjammers 2.
There is going to be a free update.
It's coming out for Windjammers 2.
It adds new playable characters.
Jamma GX-03, an android with well-balanced power and speed, and Anna Salinski.
There's also going to be new modes added to the game, lessons mode and practice modes, as well as some new online features, including creating a lobby, which seems like a very basic thing.
But
The big thing is crossplay.
So now players on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation can join Steam and Xbox, who I guess were already linked, together in online matches.
So that's great.
But because of that, online ranking is being erased and going back to zero because of all this new stuff with everything that's being unleashed.
So check that out.
The update just came out.
So you can check that all out if you are a Windjammers fan.
All right, let's see what else is coming out very soon in our world release dates.
Loki, what's coming out in the U.S.?
A lot of things are coming out in the U.S.
It's ramping up to that time of year.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So starting off, we have Kingdom 80s, Summer of Greed on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, Xbox Series, iOS and Android, SpongeBob SquarePants, The Cosmic Shake on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
A Boy and His Blob Retro Collection on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
Like the old school NES and Game Boy versions together?
It must be.
Yeah, I'm wondering if it's also like some of the remakes as well.
Boy, they milk that franchise for money wherever they can.
It's been out a few, I think they've had a few remakes as well.
Yeah, on the Wii, they had a remake, I remember.
Yeah, so I don't know exactly what's in it, but it's a collection of Bwins blob games, so.
The Caligula Effect 2 on PlayStation 5.
Let's see, we also have Mobile Suit Gundam UC Engage on iOS and Android.
Skull Island, Rise of Kong on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Sonic Superstars on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Wizard with a Gun on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Gungrave Gore Ultimate Enhanced Edition coming out on Nintendo Switch Hellboy Web of... I guess Word?
Wide?
I don't know.
That's gonna be coming out on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Kona 2, Broom on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Slender, The Arrival on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
The 7th Guest, VR.
Oh yeah, I remember that getting announced.
PC, PS5, Quest 2, Agatha Christie Murder, PC, Switch, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series
Airport Sim on PC and Xbox Series Endless Dungeon on PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Gangs of Sherwood on PC, PS5, and Xbox Series
The Gap on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
I have to assume that that's a clothing retailer sim.
Gargoyles Remastered on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Hot Wheels Unleashed 2 Turbocharged on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Inescapable No Rules No Rescue on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series The Jackbox Party Pack 10 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series
Laika, AgedThroughBlood on PC.
We have Mikado's Case Files Deluxe Trilogy on PC, Nintendo Switch.
MailTime on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5.
Let's see, Passpartout 2, The Lost Artist on Nintendo Switch.
Spirit of the Island on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Sushi Ben on Quest 2 and Quest 3 World of Horror on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5 Marvel's Spider-Man 2 on PlayStation 5 Slay the Princess on PC, Mac, and Linux Super Mario Bros.
Wonder on Nintendo Switch
Trinity S on PC.
Who has this kind of money to buy all these games?
I don't know.
On PC, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
And last but not least, this seems to be contradictory, but Warm Snow on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
You can't have warm snow.
Snow is cold.
That doesn't make any sense.
I thought you said worms, snow at first.
Worms, snow?
I thought they were making, oh, they're making a new worms game.
Nope, worms, snow.
All right.
Okay, let's move on to Japan and check out the release dates there.
Not as many, don't worry.
But still a pretty impressive release week.
On the Nintendo Switch in Japan, we have Sonic Superstars is coming out this week on the 17th.
And then we have a past part out to The Lost Artist is coming out on the 19th, as is Hot Wheels Unleashed 2 Turbocharged also coming out in Japan.
World of Horror, which Loki referenced there, also coming out in Japan on the Switch this week.
Airport Hero Haneda All-Stars, also out this week in Japan.
And of course, Super Mario Bros.
Wonder, you know that's a worldwide release, and that is also coming out in Japan this week, and there are all sorts of accessories, third-party crap up the wazoo to support this release that should not be a surprise to anyone.
That is what is coming out on the Switch.
Hopping over to the PlayStation 5 and looking at the releases there,
Sonic Superstars also out in Japan.
And I believe that's it.
Oh, no, we have one other release on the 19th, Drift CE and Everspace 2 also being released in Japan.
Oh, and it does look like Marvel's Spider-Man 2 will release in Japan the same time as the US.
So there's that release to look forward to on the 20th in a regular or collector's edition.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
On the 17th, for PlayStation Xbox Switch, we have Skull Island, Rise of Kong.
Also, for the same, we have Sonic Superstars.
On the 19th, for PlayStation Switch and computer, we have Forgive Me, Father.
And then, for PlayStation and Xbox, we have Overpass 2.
For the three consoles, we have Agatha Christie, Murder on the Orient Express DE.
For PlayStation and Switch, we have Frank and Drake, also Skabma Snowfall.
For everything, practically, we have Endless Dungeon.
For the three consoles, we have Hot Wheels Unleashed 2 Turbocharged.
On the 20th, for PlayStation, we have Tennis on Court, PSVR 2.
For the consoles, we have Disney Dreamlight Valley, Cozy Edition.
That game is very cozy.
For Switch, Super Mario Bros.
Wonder, PlayStation Spider-Man 2, Switch Werewolf the Apocalypse, Heart of the Forest.
Also, Two Point Campus, and then just some honorable mentions coming up through the rest of the month for the week we're gone.
There's Settlers of Catan, Star Trek Resurgence for Star Trek Online, ACA-R, Ghostrunner 2, some good stuff.
Hello.
Sorry, I was muted and I was talking.
I was gonna say, all right, there's plenty to pick from around the world there, no matter where it is that you live.
So let's move on to some more news.
And then we will open up our phone lines and all that good stuff.
So first, Loki.
PlayStation Plus Premium is going to start allowing you to stream certain PlayStation 5 games via cloud streaming.
So they're going to be supporting, they say, hundreds of titles through this new offering.
But right now while they're beta testing it for the next couple months, they're going to have top PlayStation 5 hits.
that are available from your PlayStation Plus catalog.
So some of the games they mention Marvel's Spider-Man, Miles Morales, Horizon Forbidden West, Ghost of Tsushima, Mortal Kombat 11 and Saints Row 4.
They're also going to have timed demos for certain games.
So Hogwarts Legacy, The Witcher 3 and Callisto Protocol are going to be available as like a timed demo type thing.
And then also you'll be able to stream some games that you've purchased as well, as well as some free-to-play titles.
So like Fortnite, Genshin Impact, that type of stuff.
Right now, they say that they're going to support resolutions up to 4K and 60 FPS.
And they recommend, I guess, about 38 megabits per second transfer speed in order for that to be supported.
Also, enhanced sound as well, so they're going to support different surround sound methods.
And, yeah.
Of course, the... Was it right now?
The subscription, I think, is $160.
for 12 months so it's going to be I get up from the 120 it was before or 160 for a year yeah just make sure that's clear uh it is going to be trying to give something to justify that price increase but it's still bullshit i'm sorry yeah um it's going to be a phased rollout they said starting in japan on october 17th and europe is going to be the 23rd and north america october 30th
And right now it's available in quite a few countries, Australia, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg.
I mean, there's a lot of country, a lot of the European regions, UK and US.
So.
Cool.
All right.
I don't know.
I'm not excited about it still hasn't sold me on, you know,
on all this stuff.
I feel like they're playing catch up with Game Pass right now.
Exactly.
It still doesn't justify the price increase.
I mean, yes, they're playing catch up, but it's still it's going to be half assed because they're still doing the phased rollout slow.
You know, hopefully it works well, but it's also streaming like I like I get it like streaming's cool.
In practice, streaming is a cool idea, but it just in this reality that we live in with bandwidth caps and that may not necessarily be the case in other countries.
But like in the United States, it's it's
DarkSakura, you may have the controller to do just that, right?
I am kind of on the fence about this one.
Retro-Bit has Sega Saturn Pro controllers.
So it looks like they actually have both kinds of connector on it.
It's a reproduction of the Saturn controller, which honestly, it's the one I do not prefer to use.
I prefer to use the analog controller.
But they
They actually have smaller analog controllers at the bottom center.
It just seems kind of awkward to me, but they come in the black and gray of the American one and the white and gray for the Japanese one.
It's actually the...
They just look very, very, very nice.
The compatibility is for PC, Mac, and quote, other USB enabled devices.
They... I don't know.
They're not... They don't look clunky.
They look like Saturn controllers.
They look like you could play Street Fighter with them.
So, yeah, cool.
All right.
Um, well, let's move on to some other retro style type of games.
Loki?
Um, yeah, well, I mean, retro in the sense that it, you know, we used to talk about, you know, games getting pirated before release.
And well, what do you... 2D side-scrollers, but yes.
Yeah, go fake it.
You know, a big temple title like Super Mario Bros.
Wonder has, of course, leaked online and
And Color Me Not Surprised.
So, you know.
Um, it is interesting that some gameplay video was on social media that was quickly taken down.
So Nintendo, of course, already has their legal team and fire alarms going off.
So don't don't stream this.
If you if you somehow luck into an early copy, don't do this.
Even if it's legit.
Nintendo is notorious about sharing this.
Yeah, they shut that shit down before release dates.
Definitely don't post on YouTube or anything like that because they're the Nintendo legal department's coming for you.
So
but it's not that much longer right what like five more days and then the game's finally out so yeah you can you can do it you can get there everybody all right well another game that was getting a bit a bit of chat in our discord uh which i thought was kind of funny uh was this new soccer title that's coming out from EA but it's not what you think uh it is a soccer turn by turn turn-based strategy game
EA Sports FC Tactical
Mobile titles coming out for iOS and Android in early 2024.
This is a very interesting version of the game coming out, but they're calling it, quote, authentic football action like never before.
Matches are simulated, so you don't actually control the players' actions.
Instead, you focus on strategies like player stamina and power play management.
You can do online friendly matches and what they call intense online competitions.
That's just ranked matches, leagues, guilds, all that type of stuff.
So there's some promotional screenshots out there that show like a one on one battle going on where you see the numbers that skills skill up against each other things like skills like dribbling, one, two, passing, shooting,
and maybe a skill move power up thing that you can use there.
Apparently, 5,000 licensed players from more than 10 top leagues, probably very similar to what you have in the mainline games, you can train to upgrade moves, unlock new traits, and so forth.
EA Sports FC Tactical embraces strategic gameplay to create an all-new football experience that immerses players in the world's game like never before.
That is a quote from Vice President of EA Sports, Nick Wlodicka.
I hope I said that right.
The game is available for pre-registration on iOS and Android ahead of the January 18, 2024 launch.
This may surprise you that I'm going to say this, but I think this is a great idea.
I think this is good because I think this is what a mobile soccer game should be.
I think it's good that they're not trying to recreate the arcade action and that whole sort of thing.
They're doing something that makes sense.
for mobile.
And I don't think this is the first time EA has done this before.
Yeah, ZenMonkey11 points this out in chat.
I was going to say, I thought they did one for American football.
This has been done a few years back.
It's called Football Tactics.
Oh, I guess it was turn-based soccer at the time.
I thought there was an American football one too, but, and it's brilliant.
It's on console and PC.
So, which, I mean, I think it's interesting.
I mean, it's just a different type of
kind of fancy strategy type of game.
I don't see anything wrong.
I mean, I think people are just like, wait, it's a soccer game, but you're doing it like strategy.
Yeah, why not?
Like, it's different, and I don't like it.
I think it makes a lot of sense for mobile.
It makes a lot, a lot of sense for mobile, and takes my biggest complaint about mobile games and removes it.
ZenMonkey11 wants to point out the game he was talking about was a game that is not connected to EA, it was made by an indie dev, and was part of Early Access.
Thank you for clarifying.
That was our last story that we had slotted.
Okay, then we're going to get to the listener roundtable where we invite your phone calls over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
But we also invite your emails.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com if you want to send us an email.
I believe we have one tonight.
Yep.
Let's do it.
Hello, LR.
I just wanted to chime in on a couple of things you mentioned last week.
Hi, YYR.
I always know from the greeting.
The new release of Astro Smash was mentioned.
Yes, the new version of Astro Smash released last week on Steam, Xbox, and Switch.
And you might have assumed that Intellivision Entertainment was behind this release.
However, if you look at the fine print, you will see that both the developer and publisher listed as BBG Entertainment.
Who?
Who is this, you might ask?
BBG Entertainment is a small developer based in Germany that claims to have more than 10 employees and freelancers, according to their website.
Its founder and president had started a mobile game developer in 2001, became successful enough in 2005, it was purchased by Disney.
Currently, BBG seems to have based its business on acquiring classic IPs and releasing new versions of these games.
In 2017, for example, they acquired the rights for Boulder Dash.
In May of this year, BBG announced that they had successfully acquired the IPs of both Astro Smash and Shark Shark, two of the most popular Intellivision games of all time.
The agreement specifies that Intellivision Entertainment retain the ability to self-release future versions of these games on their own consoles if they are released.
but otherwise gives BBG everything else, so if you choose to drop $15 on either the new Astra Smash or Shark Shark, know that your money is going to BBG, not Intellivision Entertainment.
That being said, the games themselves are clearly identical gameplay-wise to the versions that would have released on Amico.
If you compare Intellivision's own Deep Dive videos from some time ago with the trailers for the 2023 BBG releases, they look exactly the same.
Just to weigh in, I think this whole thing is pretty sad.
Intellivision Entertainment, or what's left of it, is apparently so desperate to stay afloat that they are getting rid of their only thing of value, their IPs.
Remember that wonderful Intellivision Lives collection on PlayStation 2, Xbox, GameCube, and PC?
Well, if there's going to be anything like that in the future, they will be missing those two games because they don't even own them anymore.
Sigh.
Now, excuse me while I place a pre-order for a DDR machine I can actually fit into my apartment.
Regarding that amazing looking DDR mini cabinet, there are a few tidbits you might have missed.
One, they will be announcing more songs for it over the coming months, including licenses.
Two, you can use it to play the overpriced but arcade perfect DDR Grand Prix on PC, which I intend to do for double charts as I have no room for two stages.
It's being built by the same folks behind the Taito E-Grit 2 Mini and the Sega Astro City Minis, which means it's going to look and feel amazing.
If you're outside of Japan, you can use a proxy service like Tenso.com to order one.
These services will give you a virtual Japanese address and then forward stuff onto you.
They're reasonably priced and work very well.
I think there's also Rakuten I think will do it.
The US dollar is worth more against the Japanese yen right now.
One dollar is worth 150 yen.
So if you are going to order this thing, now would be a great time to do it.
So anyway, thanks for the show.
Enjoy your week off and be well.
Don't be sick for three weeks like me.
Oops.
Cough, cough.
Erin YYR.
I think it's like $299 is what it ends up being US.
It's still pretty pricey, but yeah, I mean, I get it for the hardcore DDR fans.
You know, it's especially the fact that you can actually put a stage in it and, you know, it works with DDR PC and all that stuff.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know if you saw, but like they did add some new songs as I heard they did get some licenses after all.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We got you got Captain Jack.
So we got Captain Jack Grindale and the race.
So.
Make a jam, let them move.
Gotta have let them move, you know, and get up and move.
No, we don't have to have that.
Well, apparently you're gonna have it if they're force feeding it to you.
So, you know, they did make their goal like within three hours, they said, and it's still gonna be up for another 43 days.
It looks it's cool.
Yeah, it's a lot of
I actually want to go back real quick to the Intellivision part because I actually did figure Intellivision themselves did not put this out on Switch because I don't think Intellivision was making any games in-house.
I think they were contracting with organizations and that type of contract that you outlined there makes a lot of sense.
You make the game and we're going to sell it as us.
But if we relinquish those rights, then you can sell it as yourselves, which is what is happening here.
Basically, I am actually surprised and a little bit stunned that Intellivision does not get a cut of those sales.
Because that means, what do they get out of this besides a one-time fee?
to pay creditors by selling off what is one of the biggest in television exclusives, which are few and far between.
They get the dink smell of desperation.
Well, yeah, it's just unfortunate.
I mean, it's nice that the game developers can get a little bit of something, something back, you know, and have it out there in the world, I guess.
But I am not expecting to be blown away by Astro Smash.
Let's just put it that way.
like, you know, we'll see.
I'll, you know, like I said about another game earlier on, instead of a sizzle reel, I'll watch a streamer or a YouTuber, like a real person that hopefully I know, actually play the game and kind of give some thoughts there before I make up my mind on it.
But I'm not I'm not expecting a lot to be quite honest.
But it's, you know, yeah, it is it is kind of sad what happened.
It's very obvious the Amico is never coming out at this point.
So it's what it is.
It's just very sad that this is now what Intellivision's legacy is.
It's sad.
Yeah.
All right.
But I mean, you know what's interesting?
For better or for worse, that former CEO got raped through the coals harder on the internet than Bobby Kotick probably did.
I just think that's interesting.
I'm not here to defend
anything, but I just I just think that's interesting.
It's all I'm getting that where people will spend their time and money and who they're going to direct their anger to in the gaming world.
I just think it's interesting.
All right.
Hmm.
Well, with that, I think we are to the point where I can go around and ask if there are any last minute stories to share tonight.
Yes.
So apparently there was a Tekken 7 tournament part of EGX 2023 and apparently this anti-oil protest group called Just Stop Oil decided to interrupt the finale by spreading paint on the monitors of the two people competing and spraying the stage with water guns.
Once again, I would like to, you know, remind a lot of these, um, tournaments, um, or presentation, you know, in the, these different events in the gaming industry, you gotta up your security, man.
Like someone's going to get killed in one of these things, you know, sure.
They're protesting and spraying paint, but who let them into an event anyways with paint in the first place or a water gun, like,
What kind of security do you guys have at these events?
It's ridiculous.
Like, I get it.
You know, anti-oil is fine, you know, if you want to protest it.
But like, what does that have to do with Tekken 7?
Like, are the people that are like playing Tekken like pro-oil?
I don't think so.
It's just, it seems like a really weird thing.
So.
Um, yeah.
And, uh, as pointed out in chat, the, uh, group that did this is the same group that did this, uh, with the Van Gogh, you know, painting and all this stuff.
Uh, Bobby Blackwell says they want you to talk about it and doing it at a tech and event did it.
I mean, I suppose, yeah, that's all attention is good attention type of things, but I guess I, I don't know.
I know in the case of the internet trolls, that's especially the case, but yeah.
I have to respond to this comment too on something we were saying earlier.
So YYR in chat said, Kotick was a jerk, but not a liar.
Tommy basically lied about absolutely everything.
I know your comment is well intentioned, but I'm sorry, Bobby Kotick was absolutely a liar.
Every time he covered up, he lied to the public every day.
about what was really going on at that company.
He lied in hiding the abuse that was happening towards the employees.
All of that that he was doing by covering it up, that was a lie.
And that lie was far worse than blowing smoke up our ass because you got screwed over by a Chinese chip company, which is what happened to Tommy Tallarico.
Again, not excusing Tommy's behavior and all of that.
I want to make that very clear.
But when I kind of put the who sinned more,
I agree with Bobby.
I don't think Tommy lied.
I think he really believed he would deliver what he said.
And I would actually agree with that.
He always just seems to be a really sincere, earnest person.
But foolish.
Yeah, but foolish.
and YYR says I sit corrected.
Thank you.
I knew you would get it.
So that's that's why I'm not yelling or raising my voice.
I'm just outlining.
And SheHulk10 going back to the story on the protesters saying they are looking for low security opportunities to protest.
Yeah, they're looking for it.
They're looking for those opportunities.
Don't give them the opportunity.
If one person exploits it, someone else is going to exploit it worse.
That's right.
All right, well, hopefully, well, we know TwitchCon has some, Bobby was talking about the bag policy at TwitchCon, which I didn't even realize.
They have a super strict bag policy at TwitchCon, which, I mean, in light of what we are just talking about just now, good.
Like, I'm glad to hear that TwitchCon's taking safety seriously, so.
Please stay away from the foam pits.
Like, anybody that's going to TwitchCon, stay away from the foam pits.
Crocs is having a pit.
Crocs, the shoemakers, are gonna be there?
Yes.
Yes.
I have so many questions and not enough answers.
No, I... They're comfortable.
I am in my mid-40s.
Any sort of those physical challenges?
No.
No, I am too damn old.
I actually think I want to do one this year.
Have fun.
I want to jowl.
I'll be cheering you down below.
I need to practice my balance whenever I can.
So I think that I...
I'm going to put my training to use by knocking people off of a platform for prizes.
Just, you better feel around that pit to make sure it's foamy enough.
If your back should hit it, just be careful.
I just won't fall into it.
She jumped off too, remember?
Oh yeah, but still, still.
Yeah.
All right, let's see.
Oh, SSU 100 Matt in chat says, Rob, I gotta ask, what did you think of the videos of the Swifties in the movie theater for the new heiress tour movie?
NPR was calling it the new shadow cast movie.
You know, it's funny.
So I was hosting a show last night and, you know, at these shows in between acts, I often tell jokes and I don't write a lot of jokes in advance.
I don't consider myself a joke writer.
But I'm definitely somebody who outlines bullet points and then I talk about stories, basically.
And by the way, the theme of last night's event that we did was called The Silver Scream.
It was Cabaret Macabre, The Silver Scream.
And I'm actually trying to pull up my Instagram stories real fast because I know not all of you are on Instagram.
But one of the performers at the event actually did a full on
PyramidHead routine.
It was fucking incredible because yes, it's a burlesque variety thing.
And we do have mostly women, but we also include non-binary and male performers as well.
So this was a male performer who did a whole PyramidHead inspired act.
And yes, that entire costume came off and I will let you theorize what was on underneath all of that.
And by the way, I'm just going to also shout out MistakenIdentity, the brand newest member
for this routine with Michael Myers to TikTok by Kesha.
It was so good.
My favorite part was she took off that whole thing.
She took off that outfit and there was another outfit underneath.
The same thing but bedazzled.
and OutfitReveal.
So I was telling jokes because I was saying, hey, I know you all could be a lot of places tonight.
I really appreciate that you spent your money here because I know you could have gone to see Taylor Swift, The Heiress Tour, right?
You know, because that movie is going on right now.
I said, have you seen all that crazy shit on TikTok with all like the girls dancing in front of the stage in the circle and doing all these weird things?
They're saying it's like the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Like the Rocky Horror Picture Show is a cult movie.
Taylor Swift is just a cult.
Now, don't get me wrong.
I love Taylor Swift.
I can respect a businesswoman who brings to the table huge, I-can-buy-and-sell-this-company energy.
I respect the fact that Taylor Swift fucking hated the guy who owned her music so goddamn much.
She said, you know what?
I'm gonna re-record all of my albums so I no longer have to pay you.
So as a businesswoman, I fucking respect Taylor Swift.
I do.
That does not absolve her of this cult leader, Midsommar bullshit that I'm seeing in the theaters, which is a little bit, it's a little bit like Jesus camp to me.
I don't know what it is.
but I get big Jesus Camp vibes from it and I'm going to be staying away from the theater until I know those kids are in school and I can go watch that movie in the dark in peace by myself.
Alright.
E3VL in chat says, I watched the heiress tour in theaters.
It's pretty good.
Yeah.
And again, I actually, I actually, there's a lot of Taylor Swift songs.
I really like my favorite album by Taylor by Taylor.
Oh, she's different.
There's a lot of albums of Taylor Swift that are like hit and miss for me.
But like 1989 is like legit my favorite Taylor album.
And the fact that she's rerecording that one next, I'm actually very interested in that.
So it should be interesting.
I actually don't love the newer stuff quite as much.
And yes, I would agree, Kylie Minogue is superior.
But the energy to re-record around your former label owner is pretty, pretty good energy.
Yes.
Bobby Blackwell says, I'm afraid if I play it in Blackwell theater, the Swifties will find my house and come dance.
Here's the other important note to at the end of the day.
This exact same thing is going to happen with the Beyonce movie because of Beyonce is doing the exact same thing.
And it will be the exact same thing with a very different crowd.
And
Will I see the Beyonce movie as well?
Absolutely.
Do I feel similarly about Beyonce?
Believe it or not, yeah.
Like some of her songs, I love some of her songs.
I can kind of take it or leave it, to be honest, to be perfectly honest.
But unlike Taylor Swift, I actually really dig Beyonce's newer albums.
I thought this last one that was a whole tribute to a New York City voguing scene of the 90s and all that stuff, I thought that album was actually fantastic.
So I'm looking forward to that movie for sure.
Isn't this interesting that that's what now like movie theaters are, are these big tours?
Like, to be honest, this new Madonna tour, I hope it gets a movie too.
Have you heard of it?
There's 40 songs in the new Madonna tour.
40.
I'll just watch the one that she did in the 80s.
Oh, Truth or Dare?
That is.
Truth or Dare.
Yeah.
Although, what's her name?
Why can't I think of her name now?
Julie Brown, not downtown.
Yeah, as Medusa.
Yeah, Medusa.
And that was hilarious.
Yep.
Yep.
Kathy Griffin's in that movie.
It's a very, very, yeah, older movie.
But what was I going to say?
If Madonna were to release her concert in new theaters, that would also be yet another very different crowd showing up to that in all of their walkers and canes.
and I say that with all self-deprecation in mind.
Okay, with that, we're gonna wrap up the show tonight and move on out of here.
DarkSakura, I know you have a stream that you're gonna go do, some Dead by Daylight you were mentioning earlier.
Sounds like you have an old friend coming back to the stream tonight to play.
That'll be fun.
Yeah, I do.
Um, I'll have to just double check and see if he's still down for but other than that, it's going to be trying to get more adept.
So yeah, I make the mad dash to the bathroom and back in time.
So I will see everybody after TwitchCon.
And if you find me at TwitchCon, be prepared to be interrogated for my vlog.
All right, have fun.
Have a good stream.
And we'll see.
I'll see you next week.
But most of us will see you in two weeks.
I forgot the part where I say thank you as always for listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice but we need more voices out there to put out on air.
So tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word and nice five star review on a site like iTunes or Spotify, or wherever it is you found this show it goes an awful long way and we appreciate it.
So thank you.
Thank you.
Loki with that your final thought.
My final thought is I'm going to be working on hopefully getting another episode out this week.
Awesome.
And then my final thought is I'm really sorry.
I have fallen so far behind on my own streaming just between being actually sick two weeks ago, being side effects sick this last week, and just a lot going on in my day job.
It just kind of stacked everything up.
I haven't really had time to do VOG videos either.
So sorry.
I also was hosting two shows this week.
Excuse me.
I didn't just host the show tonight or last night.
I got to host a show at a museum on Thursday, a literal art museum, probably the biggest art museum in this area.
I got to host a show.
That was awesome.
So my emceeing is officially a recognized work of art now.
EgoInflate++.
All right.
Anyway, all kidding aside, I've been very grateful for every opportunity.
And that's it.
That's my final thought.
I'm grateful for every opportunity.
And I'm grateful for all of you that show up here and listen to the show every week.
Whether you're doing it live here on Sunday night, or you're listening on a podcast feed, however you are consuming Orange Lounge Radio, I appreciate you.
I know we all do here.
We will see you in two weeks.
I hope to see some of you at TwitchCon.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
Join us for our live show.
Tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
