PSA to the United States, listeners, there's going to be a test of the emergency alert systems this Wednesday, October 4th at 11.20am Pacific.
This means that your and everyone else's phones is going to make that very attention-grabbing screech.
If you're listening to this after October 4th, sorry about your ears and heart rate.
This is the Public Awareness Intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to tell you about gaming news!
Starting right now in the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Oh.
And... Happy 25th, DDR!
Hello my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and thank you Jason for that lovely PSA at the top of the show.
It is a show.
Be careful if you're if you're deep into playing video games or MMOs or something and that alarm goes off.
don't say we didn't warn you here at OLR.
But anyway, hi, I'm Rob Roberts.
And we're here every week to talk about the latest and greatest in video games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle with all of you live at Twitch, and through you know, email and all that good stuff throughout the week.
I'm here with my co host, of course, every week, you know, save for a holiday week here and there, but back all night tonight.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hey, everybody.
Hey, how are you doing?
I'm tired.
I hear that.
Oh, I'm because I'm stupid.
That's not a nice thing to say about yourself.
I can say what I want to about myself.
Yes, but I don't agree.
I do not agree.
Okay, so well, smart people can do stupid things.
Okay, so that is very true.
Yes.
So, so I met up with my friend Alicia for lunch as we say pie even if we don't get pie we go to Sherry's.
and Amazing Pumpkin Pancakes.
But anyway, I got home and I was like, oh shit, I haven't done any of my turnout exercises today.
Because, you know, I've got recital coming up in December and I'm really trying to step up my ballet game.
And so I did 20 minutes of barre right before we went live.
Oh, so you're probably pretty sore as well as tired.
Oh, no, I'm not.
I'm not sore.
Like, I mean, my my ankles are getting a little tight now from just, you know, chilling a bit.
But but no, my.
I'm just a little bit tired because I did like a hundred plies, a hundred eleves.
I did a hundred tendu en croix.
I did some grand battement.
I did a couple of arabesque.
I did lots of stretching and I did in 20 minutes.
Insert more French words here!
Yes, you do all those things so you can eat more macarons.
Anyway.
Possibly.
I don't know, but when I put it in my food tracker it says you get to eat 200 more calories today, unlike chocolate.
There you go, chocolate macaron.
This is this is weird.
So you know, you're talking about your ritual, one of your like ritual Sunday things and, and Alan, my husband has a ritual Sunday thing too.
He always does a Costco trip.
So as we are taping this live, he literally just sent me a message on our app that we chat on saying, you're doing the show.
So fuck my drag.
That's a literal quote.
But and then sends me this these pictures from Costco of this thing called a My Arcade by Atari, which I've never
I've not seen these before.
And this is not the same thing we talked about on the show recently, like Atari is doing their own thing.
But my arcade, who makes those little arcade machines that you've probably seen my collection of before, I guess they make a whole little flashback type of console.
So I've got my DVR one.
Oh, right, right.
So they've got this one, which it looks more like the new school kind of Atari than it does the woodgrain ones.
Yeah, but it's that's interesting.
I don't know.
So I kind of reply 80 bucks is still kind of pricey, but I still put kind of one.
I don't know.
Does anyone own one of those?
I'm curious if they're decent or what?
Let's see going to think we have that one.
But I think we've had like one of the early ones before.
Yeah, there's been at least like eight or nine probably this point flashback consoles, right, which is I think it's another developer.
But yeah, it's like Atari retro, you know, they've tapped that well time and time again, but I will say some of the taps are very effective, like the Atari 50 collections pretty, pretty doggone good.
I'm always a fan of course, you know I like the arcade one-up machines.
I know not every retro person is a fan because they don't like the different sizes, they don't like the modified screens.
But I think for what it is, you know what you're getting into, I think for what it is, it's a nice little modern take on that.
And I think they do a good job with the Atari retro stuff too.
And then of course that Atari thing we talked about a couple weeks ago on the show sounds pretty neat.
That actually plays the old cartridges if they'll still work.
That should be interesting.
I'm looking in our chat because we do tape live every Sunday night at The Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
Chatters over there are saying Dark Tatsuya says, I've heard of that new console.
PodCulture says, I really want that 2600.
NSG100 Matt says, huh, that's interesting.
Yeah, that's kind of my reaction too.
I had no idea that that was a thing.
Um, I just don't have a practical use for one given that I've got the systems.
That's true.
I feel like it's the type of thing I would play for like five minutes, like most things I spend that kind of money on, unfortunately, in video gaming, and then be like, let's go.
Like, I went to heaven for five minutes.
I was like, let's go.
That would be me with that Atari 2600 device, but I still kind of want it.
Maybe I could do some a video review for VOG and make
7 cents of that $70 back.
Just kidding.
We're not even monetized on YouTube yet.
More people need to watch us over at YouTube slash VOG Network, VOG Network.
Speaking of YouTube stars, say hello as well to the one and only Techmaster Loki or LokiOLR.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm good.
Yeah, good.
Question mark.
I hope you are.
I hope things are fantastic for you.
That's fine.
In the Minecraft creation world.
I saw you started your new season, right?
Yeah, I finally put out an episode for it.
I started the season like a month ago, but you know, it doesn't really start until the rest of us can see it.
That's true.
That's true.
Some first person adventure gaming going on there.
Is that one of the Half-Life games?
I can't tell what that is.
No, no, it is a relatively new game, actually.
It is Ion Fury.
Oh, that's what they had to change from Ion Maiden, huh?
Yeah, exactly.
It was the one that they built in the Build 3D engine.
So the old Duke Nukem 3D engine.
That's why it looks like Duke Nukem 3D.
Got it.
OK, nice.
Yeah, I was going to say it's not.
I would recognize Duke Nukem 3D.
It's definitely not a level in that game.
But OK, Ion Maiden got it, or Ion
Storm.
Sorry, what did they end up calling?
I still call it Ion Maiden.
I know that's not what we're supposed to call it.
But yeah.
Anyway.
Game involving ions in the title.
Yes.
Ion named game.
Let's get into our show tonight.
So usually at the top of the show, we would get into a kickoff topic, one of the big stories for the week.
We are going to do that in a moment.
But it was brought to my attention that we actually passed a pretty big landmark this week that, frankly, I was unaware of.
And so I want to talk a little bit about this little game that I know I used to play an awful lot of, as did DarkSakura, as did Loki.
And maybe once in a while we'll dabble in this game, and I know some of you out there still play this game an awful lot.
I am, of course, talking about the game that brought us all together, that started Orange Lawns Radio, Dance Dance Revolution.
And believe it or not, DDR, as of course we've called it over the years, turned 25 this week.
That's right, DDR is 25 years old.
I didn't realize this because it doesn't quite feel like 25 to us because of course we didn't get it in America for a little while.
But, I mean, and, you know, nuances around when would you consider the official launch?
Was it USA Mix?
Was it when the first machine was imported over here?
I mean, there's a lot of ways you could kind of, you know, measure that.
But, officially, the arcade version of DDR 1.0, you know, Aye Aye Aye, Butterfly, Paranoia, all those songs from the original DDR,
September 26th, 1998.
And of course, you would remember the year if you play DDR over the years, they actually had a song called 1998.
At one point, it was a reference to the year that DDR actually came out.
And of course, believe it or not, 1998 was 25 years ago, however old that might make you feel to hear that.
So yeah, this game that brought us all together, because again,
I know I tell this story once in a while, but for our new listeners that may be out there, myself, DarkSakura, and Loki all met through the community behind this game.
There was a very large internet-based community before there was Twitter, before there was Facebook even.
There was a very large community called DDRFreak.
and myself and DarkSakura and Loki were all posters on that forum at one time or another and we all were local to Sacramento and we would all meet up.
And I got made a mod.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You were a mod at one point.
I got a flashy foot eventually thanks to OLR because we ended up
It's interesting how things came full circle.
We ended up with the privilege of debuting songs from Ultramix 4 here on this program years later.
I know it may not feel like it now all these years later, but in the early years of OLR, if you go back to Episode 1, Episode 2,
through about episode 108, I think it was 168, actually, was the crossover number.
And you can find those episodes if you know where to look.
Just remember, they're dated.
But all those episodes, we really talked at length about the DDR community.
Now, granted, you know, how do you fill three hours talking about DDR?
Well, you know, just like there's on this show now, there's many tangents.
You would still have, you know, other types of music games.
I would still say things in the later years, like Guitar Hero, you know, other music games that were
RedOctane
So it's interesting how DDR has really come full circle in a lot of ways.
But obviously I have to take a moment to acknowledge this game that started it all.
Without this game, I would not know DarkSakura, Loki, or probably any of you, quite frankly.
Certainly as well as we know each other now, thanks to Orange Lounge Radio.
And yes, Orange Lounge was the name of one of the bands in later DDR.
So like an ABBA tribute band might call themselves Mamma Mia,
Orange Lounge Radio
you know, where the show was born from of this game that now 25 years on, interestingly enough, feels like it's in a, I don't know if I would say Renaissance, or more like a second life, a second mix, if you will, truly like a DDR second mix.
I'm going to call it that.
of what's been happening in this like round one era, right?
Because like, you know, when we were at our prime in DDR in the show's early days, if we wanted to play import games, that involved us really looking around for them, right?
Like sometimes we might have to go to some of the golf lands in South Bay, had some import machines, or you might, I want to say for a short time, there was some in San Francisco, but usually it involved us driving to LA.
We had to either go to Koreatown, or the Japan Center that's there in LA, or the legendary Arcade Infinity, which I'm sure many of you have heard about from its fighting game roots, that was also a huge hotbed for music games and import and all that.
R.I.P.
and they also sold import cars.
Yeah, it is fascinating.
Orange Lounge Radio and DDR Freak Radio kind of started around the same time, and they were actually independent thoughts of each other.
Because at the time, I mean, I don't know how far down this road I want to go, but it's the past to me now.
But at the time, the moderator that started DDR Freak and I weren't speaking.
And so we would have had no clue that we were thinking of somewhat similar ideas.
Obviously they were deviating quite a bit.
Jamie, you had this interesting position where you got to walk the line of both those things.
But time passed and we came to a point where we ended up getting simulcast on DDR Freak Radio, we ended up kind of helping each other out.
And then like they actually contributed programming to us, I want to say at one point, we did like a countdown show in cahoots with them and so forth.
So, um,
Yeah, it's, it's, you know, a lot of the collaborations we've been able to do over the years have really opened us up to more audiences, whether it's DDR Freak Radio, or, you know, through the years we were on All Games Radio, we met a lot of new faces and so forth.
So it's all been, you know, networking is a great thing.
It sure is.
DJRamaS in our chat, who I know also played DDR back in the back in the day, said it's interesting that Taku and Naoki Madeya haven't said anything about 25 years of DDR.
Well, I think I think very similar.
It's Mida.
Rob.
Oh, I just think I know.
I always think of that.
Yeah, I know.
And I always say something.
But I did get to meet him once, and he does dress just as fashionably as you would imagine.
Just putting that out there.
I was going to say they're no longer employees of Konami, and I'm assuming those are not fond memories in the past, very similar to what Hideo Kojima is looking back in the memories.
Konami knows how to burn those bridges.
Yeah, Konami definitely knows how to burn those bridges.
Plus, Naoki is now doing, like, again, you want to talk about second mix, is doing spiritual successor music in Step Maniacs, which is, it's interesting because DDR and Konami machines exist.
But then, of course, you have Step Maniacs, which also exists as another sort of evolution in a different way, just of a different mind.
And, you know,
It's as if DDR, you know, back in the extreme days would have just kept going in the extreme way and not like in all the other weird ways that they went.
Yeah.
But it's really cool to see a lot of the musical spiritual successors in the Step Maniacs because, you know, they've been very good about getting licenses from the old DDR games or like more contemporary songs from the same artists or even throwback songs from the same artists like E-Rotic, you know, was, you would know that even if you
Our lap giggling at the name.
Yes, that was actually the name of a band in DDR because it was the name of a band that was on the Dance Maniacs CD music collection in Japan, where all the music licenses came from.
Some more of their music.
I still have stuff of theirs in my playlist.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
No, those dance
Mostly the ABBA covers.
Those that is like the actually specifically the erotic Megamix album, which you could find on YouTube.
I mean, you find anything on YouTube these days is actually still like a bop to listen to.
But it's it's it's Euro trash.
That's the genre I would put.
It is absolute Euro trash.
But you know what?
I would say Real Housewives of Salt Lake City is also trash television.
That doesn't mean I don't enjoy watching it once in a while.
It's what it is.
Sometimes there's that trash music we like to listen to.
So anyway, I don't know where I was going with all that, but I felt we needed to kind of just tip our hat and nod to this game that turned 25 years old that really brought us together, DDR.
Loki, DarkSakura, I know I've been kind of dominating the conversation, but is there anything you want to say about DDR, DDR memories?
Oh, man, it was huge.
Like, it was absolutely huge in just our lives.
I mean, we played
We've done a show about it.
We've played it.
I own it.
Like, it's just.
Yeah, I mean, it's still just earlier this week, I was listening to a song on Spotify.
I'm like, you know, that sounds like a DDR song, something that they should probably have in there, like, you know, Step Maniacs, I guess, at this point.
But yeah, I think it's pretty cool.
Yeah.
Many of our I mean, go ahead.
Hmm.
Oh, I was just saying, you know, I remember getting really good balance trying not to slip on my Dreamcast, you know.
I have a really good memory of coming home and seeing a dance pad laid out with a big Dreamcast logo on it and seeing Second Mix on my TV.
And just going, oh, I have a good hubby.
Well, not hubby at the time, but I knew he was a keeper.
and going to your place and bringing over the original Disney mix and third mix and fourth mix.
Yeah, because I had that really crappy dance pad from the Jungle Book game on PlayStation 1 that you could actually use as a DDR mat.
It worked for both, but it was it was for a child, so it was a lot smaller.
But I got the job and I lived.
We were mentally there.
Yeah, I lived it.
I lived in an upstairs apartment at the time, which also was really funny in retrospect.
So yeah.
But yeah, I was gonna say, because Loki you were talking about, you know, just how much DDR is, you know, impacted and, and we in in some sorts of ways have impacted DDR as well, you know, like I said, we got to do some of the previews of songs here on this show, you know, and talk to some of the people and
a lot of our friends and well not a lot but you know relatively our friends and peers of the DDR freak era several of them worked on the games you know especially the xbox series although some of the other stuff too so it's it's interesting how the fans sort of ultimately impacted the franchise i got to play supernova in front of naoki that's that's right you were you were the first person outside konami to play ddr supernova i was there i saw it so
DVR Association got us on TV playing Early Guitar Freaks at my house.
and also taught me how to how to actually hold drumsticks properly.
Well, not DDR, but leading to drum mania, you know, leading up to the other games.
I I learned a lot and I overcame a little bit of my fear of being in public.
I mean, there's a small, tiny part of me that even thinks I might not be doing ballet today if it wasn't for learning how to love moving.
Make sense?
Yeah, no, for sure.
For sure.
Yeah, it's interesting the impact this this silly little game with its silly music has had on our lives.
But yeah, it's, you know, and as I was kind of referencing, now it's interesting to see that there's a second, a true second mix generation coming up because of round one.
because of, you know, now that DDR machines, especially, you know, the newer mixes and so forth are a lot easier to find, right?
Because a lot of big cities have round one or there's other ways, you know, Konami has kind of embraced the U.S.
distribution a lot more than they did in the past, where I think they more kind of just turned an eye to it where they weren't really watching it.
But
You know, a lot can be said about that era.
But you know, obviously DDR is it's weird to say it's a renaissance, but it's it's really is like a second coming of that era.
And now it's funny because there's these podcasts that exist to talk about DDR.
And I guarantee you the folks doing this, those shows never heard of this show.
And that's fine.
Of course not.
That's fine.
you know, there were probably too old for them to, you know, and again, we moved on from that era at some point, you know, because unfortunately, there were a few dark years in there where Konami was look like they were just going to kill the franchise and never do another one.
So I think that's what what makes this whole like second mix and second revival of DDR coming back for its 25th anniversary.
All that more sweeter, but it's just a bummer that my body's gotten slower.
over the years but I still can't resist you know if I if I see one I do like I do like to get on and play maybe like trick level songs I don't think I do the absolute wild stuff anymore but I'll do no I can't yeah I was just well because I'm way out of shape I need I need to get back into it but yeah it's you have to like really go back to
you know, we're talking old school ratings because I still can't take the new ratings and put them back into like the pre, I don't even know when they switched to like 20.
But going back to like extreme ratings, you know, I can't do that translation.
But for for me, since I'm playing extreme, it would be like a four or five footer song on singles, not doubles.
So it's like
You really have to go back to like the beginning like you haven't played before.
Because it's rough.
It's also interesting now because as much as I don't give a hoot what other people think, I'm also acutely aware that if I do play a DDR machine at round one or something like people are going to be like, what's this old ass man doing playing this game?
You know, and it's it's
It's it does start to make you feel a little self conscious.
So like, I don't think anyone really cares about that anyway, especially the people playing it probably like, Oh, hey, I recognize them, you know, like, because yeah, DDR grandpa's up on the machine again.
No, it's not that I but you know, I don't I don't want to go when all the people that are showing off are doing their thing.
So it's like, you know, I like to I like to find the DDR machine that's in the corner somewhere.
I don't even really like to play the new new DDR machines.
I like to go find like a DDR Max 2 machine and play Jerry Halliwell or something.
Good luck.
I know, I know, they're really hard to find anymore.
The oldest machine I could find around here is probably, it's a Supernova or a Supernova 2, and it's at that John's Incredible Pizza.
Oh, wow.
That's like the oldest machine I've seen.
We don't live where there's Max and Max 2s and 4th Mix or anything like that.
I see them when traveling.
I don't see them here locally.
It's more traveling, because even more so, I will give less of a hoot what other people think when I'm in another city.
Rico's
That place has been legendary locally here for years.
Are they finally retiring?
Is that why they're going out of business?
I hope it's a good reason.
I have no idea, but I very much think it'd be worthwhile to, you know, see if they still have a machine there and to give it a send off.
One last try.
Remember when the only Max2 machine in town was at a Giovanni's Pizza, the New York style pizza place?
Actually, their pizza was... That place was yummy.
That place was bomb.
And yeah, they were the only place in town with a Max2 machine.
Wonder what happened to all those machines.
Like, I mean, I'm sure a lot of individuals own them now, but like... They're in school's garages rotting away.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, the Mels, our dear friends of the show here, owned the Parapara machine that used to be at Arcade Infinity all those years ago.
So like, they end up with private collectors one way or the other.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyhow.
DarkSakuraNews had to build Dance Maniacs.
What's that?
Loki.
And Loki was building one, right?
For a moment?
I wanted to, yeah.
I bought sensors and stuff, and I had a whole plan with my candy cab that I was gonna make, like, all the different Bomani machines out of it and stuff, and I had, like, parts and things I had acquired from all that.
It was supposed to be, like, a way to, like, have DDR at home, but then when I got DDR at home, I was like, ah, yeah, I'm not gonna do that stuff anymore.
Also, the monitor broke, so I have to fix that first on the candy cab before I do anything.
But yeah, Dance Maniacs is fun for a while.
I think if I actually had a Dance Maniacs machine, I'd probably get tired of it eventually.
Only because they don't have a way to do Step Mania stuff in there.
Although, I'm sure you could probably do it, make something like that, which would be really sweet.
But yeah, I'd be curious to see where all those old machines are, though.
Because I'm sure some private collectors have them, but I can't be all private collectors.
I mean, probably lots of in the groove machines out there, I guess, old old machines, arcades and things like that, just places you wouldn't think to bowling alleys, you know, in rural America, just, you know, where you yeah, even bowling alleys nowadays, like it's all ticket machines.
It's like you can go to arc.
I like I go to arcades like I was just at arcade yesterday.
And it's always the same machines now.
I was surprised because some of the stuff I saw, they had a course like Fruit Ninja on a touch screen.
I was like, why?
And then I saw Infinity Blade EX.
I'm like, that was a free demo.
Who's making an arcade game out of that?
You can get all of those assets for free on the Epic Games Store.
What is the point?
But it was a thing, you know, I went to Scandia because we want to play mini golf.
But there's no DDR there.
It's just all ticket games and it's all ticket games.
They have the usual games you see there.
You know, there's like the Nerf gun game, which is kind of lame.
You know, it's just a few pinball machines, stuff like that.
But it's it's there's not a lot of dance games out there nowadays.
All right, well, we're gonna move on with the show.
We could spend three hours reminiscing on DDR, but we do want to get into this week's news and so forth.
So let's get to it.
Let's talk about now 25 years later what the big headlines are.
Let's talk about the big headline of the week.
Loki, why don't I kick it over to you?
I mean, this really could be any year because this has happened.
This isn't the first time it's happened.
It's like at least the second time it's happened recently.
So
I mean, I don't know.
So another hacking group has claimed that they have compromised all of Sony's systems, saying that we won't, we're not ransoming the data, we will sell the data due to Sony not wanting to pay.
Data is for sale, we are selling it.
According to... So they're not ransoming the data, but they're holding it...
That's ransoming the data.
No, I mean they were ransoming the data and somebody said we're not paying the ransom, so now they're selling the data.
So that'd be like if I kidnap a child, they don't want the child back, and so now I have to sell the child to somebody else.
What a horrible analogy, but thank you.
Yeah, that's how I've been better with a cat or a dog.
I'd look at it more as that they have a better opportunity to make some sort of profit instead.
I guess, yeah.
So apparently, according to Australian cybersecurity publication Cybersecurity Connect, they had reported that the group has allegedly unearthed screenshots of Sony's internal login pages.
They provided them an internal PowerPoint presentation outlining test bench details and several Java files, as well as a documentary of the entire leak housing 6,000 files.
So that's the proof that they built, that basically provided them.
Within those 6000 files is different documentation, build logs, HTML data.
I'm not really sure what necessarily that means as far as like games.
I don't think we're talking like source code or anything here.
I'm sorry to barge in, but I have some late breaking news and I need to mention this before I drop it.
But somebody just got back from Costco.
And if you can't see my webcam, I'm holding up a box with the Atari retro video game system that I spoke about earlier in the program.
is now in my hands.
So there's that.
So we'll be we'll be doing a video or two on that pretty I did not realize now what I did not realize is that it's not just 2600 it's 5200 7800 arcade and other other crap too.
So that's pretty exciting.
So anyway, and bonus game bonus games.
Thank you to the amazing Alan Alchemy for picking that up.
And he said I'm taking it out of your mortgage check.
Anyway, sorry, Loki, but important update.
No, absolutely understandable.
Basically, Sony has told IGN that they're currently looking into the claims.
We're investigating the situation.
We have no further comment.
Of course.
Yeah, so apparently this ransomware operator and ransomware as a service organization, ransom.vc, they have, I guess they operate out of Ukraine or Russia.
And they've also reportedly worked with EU's General Data Protection and GDPR and other data privacy laws to report vulnerabilities with companies.
So they've
They were doing white hat hacking, but then they also were stealing stuff?
That doesn't make any sense.
All right, well, cool.
Weird leaks, because that's really what I'm here for, is I just want to know, like, what games and movies and stuff is Sony hiding from us?
I mean, I guess that's really why not come full circle after Xbox.
But now here's the problem with the Xbox stuff that happened last week.
If you all were here for that, there was a lot of stuff that leaked from Microsoft.
That was Microsoft's fault.
They uploaded unredacted documents.
You know, they oops, they dragged and dropped the wrong folder into, you know, so there was really not an ethical question about if it's OK to talk about that stuff because Microsoft screwed up.
It's
It sucks for them, but nobody stole anything in that case.
Now in this case, it's it's not really the same thing because however you want to sugarcoat it, this stuff was stolen.
And it's it's gonna get I'm like, let me tell you.
go back and listen to everything I was saying about headlines on blogs and everything.
There is no ethic questions that are going to be asked by those folks.
Like it's not going to happen.
So this news is going to leak out because people want those clicks.
YouTubers want those views, right?
Like it's, it's gonna happen.
So it's just, you know, it's a matter of when it actually comes out.
If somebody doesn't buy it to suppress it, which is
Or if Sody knows what the data is, so if they're talking like build logs, like... Okay, cool, you have build logs.
Yeah, so what?
Like, we don't care.
Like, like, who needs that?
It may just not be interesting, like Java files, like.
Well, what about people's logins, like the great PS3 hack and all this stuff where.
It doesn't even say that they have that, though, like they just have like a screenshot of the internal login page and internal PowerPoint presentation talking about test bench details.
Like, ooh boy, now you're gonna reveal what test benches they run to test stuff.
I see.
So this may not be as much of a fire.
I mean, it's a dumpster fire, but it's not the smoking, you know, hot stuff you want to see.
Well, Sony's not saying anything about it.
And of course, the group is going to hype it up.
They're going to make it sound like that.
They have something big because they want somebody to pay for it.
Right.
I just I'm wondering if it's just it's a nothing burger.
So we'll see.
Let's time let it leak out.
Let's go to some comments from chat because chatter is giving a lot of insight over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
SheHulk10 says they should pay to protect their customers since they don't invest in their IT and still prosecute as well.
Yeah.
Yes.
Do what a whole wasn't that the setup of the Mel Gibson movie?
I'm going to pay the ransom but then I'm going to go shoot the person.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm mixing.
Was it Liam Neeson?
I don't know.
Who cares?
Anyway, SEO 100 Matt says so last time this happened with PlayStation 3,
They gave folks, what, a free game and PlayStation Plus.
What are they giving folks now in the inevitable class action lawsuit?
QuestBuster says there was also another individual that allegedly leaked the dump for free.
And for what they listed, it apparently doesn't have anything related to film or games, but it did have information.
It did have items like information on certificates, policies, and a license generator.
And Bobby follows that up too.
Most of the data is probably unremarkable.
They accessed the analogy to the company's Google Drive.
They didn't store customer data there.
It's more internal documentation between teams.
So it sounds like it's kind of like one technical step, maybe under what we saw from the Microsoft data leak in some regards.
So those certificates and the things you're talking about, that would have nothing to do about bypassing customer security and like security certificates, right?
We're talking more about like game certification process.
right?
Just to make sure I don't know.
Right?
Because those are two different things, right?
And if they somehow make it easier to spoof and fake users, well, that could still be a big deal even without specific names and passwords and information.
But we're talking about like game certification process and stuff.
Yeah, it's probably gonna be more on the unremarkable license.
Generator was like for generating, you know, key pairs so that you could basically put third party like software onto a PlayStation.
Like that would be enormous, like even if it's not dev stuff, but I doubt it.
It's that.
Well, I imagine more will develop on this in the coming weeks because one way or another this information is probably going to get out unless somebody unless somebody at Sony or well connected to them ends up buying it and suppressing it.
But I feel like even when that happens, people tend to leak it out anyway.
Like you, you can't trust a crook like this.
It's
It's I don't know.
Anyway.
All right.
Let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of things that we have been playing this week on Sony platforms or otherwise.
How was your gaming week?
And we'll go to DarkSakura first.
How was your gaming week?
Hi.
Oh, hi.
Hi.
Hi.
How was your game?
It's working.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I
I've been having some weird lag, sorry.
Yeah, that's okay.
We're hearing a little bit of a robot effect.
My week was pretty okay.
I thought I was going to beat Live Alive last night and no, I instead was trying... I must have heard you like way later.
You did.
Okay.
Am I in real time now?
I think so.
Keep going.
Okay, so anyway, I thought I was going to beat Live Alive last night and instead what happened is I was going after everybody's best weapon and I have one more to go.
And then hopefully I can beat the game.
I mean, I like the game.
I'm having a good time, but I'm kind of ready to be done.
Played some Disney Dreamlight Valley, played some Dead by Daylight.
I'm doing the thing, Rob.
I'm working on Nurse.
Oh, fun.
I mean, it's if you practice, practice, practice, hear me cry and scream.
Well, the thing is, I mean, I am using Plaid Flannel, so I know where I'm going.
But, like, I did some just, like, instinctive blinks and got people.
So I think I can get there.
I think it's like something clicked and the blinking is kind of making a bit more sense.
But I was easing myself into it by using the matchbox, which gives her 4.4 movement speed.
So just sort of like normal killer speed, but faster than survivors, but with only one blink.
And I think I just, if I'm going to do it, I'm just going to, I need to learn to blink.
Yes.
End of story.
So there's, there's that.
I got my, I'm slowly just working my way through things.
There are, I think they've expired, but if not, they're expiring tomorrow on Monday.
So there are two blood point codes.
One is Danka in German for thank you.
And the other one is Kamsahamnida, which is Korean thank you.
And I have them up on my Twitter if anyone wants to know how to spell it.
So both of those are 200 blood points a pop.
I need to redeem those because Alan sent me the codes yesterday.
Sorry, 200,000 blood points a pop.
I've played so little DVD lately, though.
I'm still enjoying it.
And I'm actually putting some work into the... Well, I haven't updated my Mac to Sonoma yet because I have to wait and see if OBS will work.
I think that the beta of OBS is going to work fine with it, but I'm still waiting a little bit.
But what I want to do next is experiment with the game porting kit.
and see if I can't get the emulation working through the game dev kit to actually play native.
Because if you've seen what some of these games look like... Oh my goodness.
Oh my goodness.
The videos that I linked to Loki earlier were all tested on an M1 Pro, and I just have an M1 Mac Mini.
But even so, Cyberpunk looked gorgeous, Horizon Zero Dawn, they tested it with RE2, they tested it with all kinds of stuff, and they're looking really good, and I figured something as not intensive as Dead by Daylight, that's gotta be decent enough for me to test it with, so I'm gonna...
It's up there, and I'm thinking what I might do is just do a full backup of my system, wipe everything, reinstall all my streaming tools, and, you know, my Final Cut, my Logic, and all that stuff, and see if I can try it myself, and see if I can learn to port games for friends.
So that would be fun.
And then...
I did a ballet and I'm actually, right now, finding the thing that I need for my new Julie cosplay at Twitter.
You mean TwitchCon?
That is not how you spell my name, Philof9, but thank you.
TwitchCon 2021
Well, um, I'm fixing up my pig cosplay.
I just have to reinforce the inside of the crown so that it actually will stay upright when I'm wearing it.
Um, you know, and I'm also bringing the second version of the pig cosplay, which is basically me taking off that heavy-ass, you know, crown and mask and
I'll go ahead and spoil it.
If I don't do the plaid Julie Legion outfit, I'm going to do the new Skabon outfit, the delinquent schoolgirl.
It's interesting with the pig stuff, there's a new Saw movie that just came out with that character in it.
I don't follow those movies super closely.
She hasn't been in one in a while, right?
Didn't they kill her off in one of them?
I mean, spoiler alert, but not that I really care about those movies anyway.
I don't watch the movies, but I've just read all the stuff about it and watched a few scenes here and there.
The reviews are getting the highest score that the series has gotten since the original.
it's it's fascinating to me that it's 10 movies in and it's still going you know it's something else so anyway um okay uh if that is it for your gaming week we will trot on over to Loki
I just played Minecraft.
I've got my episode 1 done for season 3, which is pretty cool.
And then I've been just working on different things for the next episode and getting stuff done for that.
I filmed some stuff earlier today for that and built a farm.
And there are a lot more farms.
I have my starter build already designed, so I just have to gather materials and then build that.
And that's probably going to be in the next episode as well.
So I'm hoping to start ramping up and getting more episodes out sooner than, you know, a month in between.
So look for that, hopefully in the next week or so.
All right.
Nice.
My Game of the Week, I've been playing Diablo 3, and no, that's not me misspeaking.
I'm pretty done with Diablo 4's season because I finished off the Battle Pass, so I went back to check out Diablo 3 and their latest season because this is the last season with anything new.
I'm almost up to level 70.
I've started from scratch with no help.
But that is, oh, I think that's the thing that lets you play offline on PC, finally.
After all these years, PC finally has an offline mode.
And I think if you play in that mode, then, yeah, you're not connected with other people or anything.
So there's no chance for you to pollute the pool, so to speak, by cheating.
So there's that.
But I've also been playing, I checked out Foam Stars, the beta for that.
You know that one?
That's the Square Enix one that everybody's like, oh, it's Splatoon.
And yeah, it's it's kind of Splatoon, but it's also a bit Overwatch because it's the hero stuff.
So like, you pick your particular person, and then they all have different abilities, right?
So like, one of them fires ice cream missiles, and another one might be more like a sniper.
And then it's interesting, because it's foam, so it's not like paint,
really it you build up and you do like these you can actually build like ramps to kind of like do and instead of going under the foam like you would in Splatoon, you ride a hoverboard on top of it.
And so you can do interesting things with that.
So yeah, it's, it's interesting.
What I find interesting about it is that
It's not really a PlayStation 5 graphic level game.
It's more what we would have honestly like PlayStation 3 or 4, but it looks it looks nice.
And the music is is very different since it's not like ska type of music like you hear in Splatoon.
It's more like, you know, J-pop type of stuff, which is interesting.
Yeah, I don't know.
Like if the game is free when it comes out, I'll check it out again.
But if they're going to charge 70 bucks to play it, I'm not interested.
Like that's not that's too much money.
But it's cute enough.
I'll play Overwatch with you, but my one stipulation is that I'm going to roll into a game as Widowmaker and I don't want to hear it.
Because usually there's a lot of negative stuff that comes with people playing Widowmaker, but I'm like, no, legit, I'm trying to get better at sniping and I'm not, I'm not bad at it.
And I know how to play Widow to like keep moving.
You don't want to stay in one spot and, you know, use her venom trap to, you know, alert you to when a Sombra is trying to get you and things like that.
So, yeah, it's been, it's been fun to dip into Overwatch a little bit.
I don't play a lot of it, but just, you know, a couple matches here and there.
um otherwise that's about it uh haven't been playing a lot of FFSE 14 which is not good because i think the new patch is out on Tuesday which means shucks i think there's a holiday event like i have to finish i haven't done yet i guess i need to do that tonight or tomorrow so uh i gotta get on that that game's keeping my subscription active active sometime somehow so
All right.
Um, let's see.
Mike Defton chat says, Rob, we should play together sometime.
Are you talking about Overwatch?
You must be talking about Overwatch, not Foam Stars, because Foam Stars beta is going to be done after tonight.
It's only for the weekend.
So I'm assuming you're talking about Overwatch because I know you play that.
So yeah, I can play sometime.
I'll have to stream it.
So I think I've streamed Overwatch before.
I'll stream it again and have like open lobbies or whatever you want to call it where we can team up and play.
It's fun.
That is my gaming week.
I was watching my friend play last night.
Yeah, it's
You know, it's a fun little time waster.
I can't play it.
I can't play it.
It still makes me sick.
Yeah, I hear it.
It can be very fast moving, which, yeah, if you, you know, have the first person stuff can get a little, yeah.
So.
All right, well, let's get some headlines out of the way here.
There's been a bit going on in the gaming world this week, so I'm going to punt it over to Loki.
Oh, let me say, though, quickly, as I did mention TwitchCon earlier, that does mean we will not be here live the night of October 22nd as DarkSakura, myself, and as it turns out, Bobby Blackwolf from the show that's on before us on Sunday nights, are all going to be at TwitchCon.
Bobby is working with the
Games Done Quick Express, I hope I called it the right name, but they're doing basically a smaller satellite version of Games Done Quick at TwitchCon.
And he's going to be one of the announcers for that as he has done some of the announcing for the larger events, awesome games and all that stuff.
So that's pretty cool to see that.
So I will let you, I will defer to his show for all the details on that.
All right, let's get to headlines.
Loki.
Yeah, so remember we talked a little bit about Sackgraftra and how, you know, they were doing the strike against the different movie studios and stuff, and one of the things that they were able to do, the members at least, were to still participate in video games, doing voice acting and motion capture and that type of stuff right now.
However...
how times have not changed, but how things have progressed over that short period of time.
Now, SAG-AFTRA members have actually approved a video game strike authorization vote with 98.32% yes.
So basically, that doesn't mean that they're necessarily striking yet, but that they're, you know, looking to negotiate better deals and that may lead to a strike.
Here pretty soon.
According to the head of, the president of SAG-AFTRA, Fran Drescher, says, it is time, it's time for video game companies to stop playing games and get serious about reaching an agreement on this contract.
The result of this vote shows our membership understands the existential nature of these negotiations and that the time is now for these companies, which are making billions of dollars and paying their CEOs lavishly,
to give our performers an agreement that keeps performing in video games as a viable career.
After five rounds of bargaining, it has become abundantly clear that the video game companies aren't willing to meaningfully engage on critical issues.
Compensation undercut by inflation, unregulated use of AI and safety, AI especially in the video game space,
I remain hopeful that we will be able to reach an agreement that meets the members' needs, but our members are done being exploited.
If these corporations are willing to offer a fair deal, our next stop will be the picket lines.
I have to say I'm not surprised things are going this route.
I hate to say it like but obviously, you know, a lot of big game companies are kind of tied to movie studios as well.
Look at Sony, look at Warner Brothers, you know, with like Mortal Kombat and stuff like a lot of movie studios also have game companies or close relationships with it.
So it's not entirely surprising.
Unfortunately, obviously, I would like the studios to
No, I mean...
Yeah, it's it's that's what it takes.
But if that's what it takes to get the studios to make an agreement, then so be it.
I'm willing to have some games get delayed as a result.
It is what it is.
The Writers Guild was able to finally get what they were looking for.
That was the late breaking news right at the end of our show last week, wasn't it?
Yeah.
So that's excellent.
And then, of course, we're expecting, I think, the Screen Actors Guild to kind of
probably pretty closely follow them so maybe we'll hear something even this week about that but if it's you know they're able to negotiate better deals with the movie studios and tv studios and that type of stuff then you know i think that they should be able to negotiate better deals with video games why why should video games be like so special in that sense like if anything
I mean, if anything, I think for sure, especially when we're talking about protections against like AI and stuff, the video game space has been more prolific with trying to go that route, like saying, Oh, yeah, that's fine.
You know, we'll just pay you for your voice and then we'll use your voice forever.
I mean, what, what the hell, man?
You're not Ursula.
You can't just take someone's voice and use it however you want.
Okay, this is the video game industry.
You got to treat people like people.
I love that analogy.
The thing that's a little worrisome about the video game thing is that it might be very tempting for some individuals, because I know there's a lot of people out there that want to break into voice acting and video games, and it's going to be very tempting for some people to want to cross the picket lines to do
Get a role or something.
And I'm sure there will be companies that will look to try to fill some of their needs with folks that are aspiring and what have you.
So a big warning to you, do not cross picket lines to work with the big studios anyway.
And that will be important because there will still be indie game makers, not a part of this.
It's very similar.
Look at what's going on the movie side.
There are movies being made that are like exceptions, basically.
And there's still going to be indie studios that are not a part of this.
And so, you know, you continue to work with them, let them grow.
They're the ones we need to help flourish.
Right.
And all that, you know, help help to grow.
But be very careful about that type of stuff, because, again, if you, you know, cross the line, you're you're never going to get into SAG-AFTRA and the nanny will see to that.
That's for sure.
Looking in chat.
SSJ100 Matt says, uh, Fran Drescher talking about video games wasn't on my bingo card.
Um, yeah, but you know what?
Even the nanny has probably played a game of Candy Crush in her life, even if that statement was very obviously written for her, but that's okay.
She's a very busy person and, you know, doing her thing, uh, you know, running SAG-AFTRA and representing in the media and all that stuff.
So, um, yeah.
Uh, PodCulture in chat says cross in order to just feed their fam.
That's not really what I'm talking about because these would be people that are looking to get their break, uh, through this whole thing.
And that, yeah, that would not be acceptable.
Uh, usually in the cases of these big strikes, they have funds set up to help people that are striking because, you know, when we talk about actors and actresses striking, we're not talking about
TomCruises and JLo's, just that, right?
We're talking about people that often do get featured in backgrounds or get paid a hell of a lot less than you probably otherwise assume.
Look at what some of these people, like, you look at what people make on the convention circuit and you go, so-and-so charges $60 for an autograph or $80 for an autograph.
Yeah.
Look into how much they made for doing the show because I'll guarantee you it was probably something where you were like, whoa, I expected they made millions of dollars from this.
They probably made like $5,000 an episode.
if that, if that.
So, you know, something to consider.
But they have funds set up to help people that are struggling due to the strike and things like that.
Yeah.
In fact, actually, because of all that, there was like some big actors actually donated quite a bit of money to those strike funds as well.
So there's a lot of solidarity going around.
There definitely is.
So.
nobody should should have to cross to do that if anybody felt like they needed to I'm sure they could get in touch with one of these funds and and figure out their options such as you know there's also again indie companies and smaller studios you know if this does go through it's only going to be the major studios that are impacted I'm not sure if that would necessarily include like EA and Ubisoft I didn't read into it or if it's just the ones that are tied to movie studios but even if it did impact the the AAA players like it did last time there's still going to be plenty of
companies that are indie and not a part of this.
All right, let's move on.
Let's talk about some updates going on in the MetaQuest side of things.
So as it is today, MetaQuest will allow you to stream Xbox games to the MetaQuest, or the Oculus if you will, and actually let you play video games in it.
But now what's happening is that the MetaQuest 3 is going to get official support for Xbox
CloudGaming.
Now, to be fair, this was already announced at last year's MetaConnect, is what they call that.
But at this year's event, Mark Zuckerberg, who is the CEO of Facebook, they say meta, but it's just...
I hate all these new tech company names.
I'm not calling it X. I'm not calling it Meta, even if I did.
At least Meta is a better name than X. Like, you know, I'll give it that.
I'll give it that.
At least the names continue to somehow progressively get worse.
But anyway, now we know when this is going to happen and what it's going to look like.
So it's going to happen at some point in December, and you'll be able to stream games from the cloud to the headset.
I think the reason why this is such a big deal is because now
It basically takes the Xbox out of the equation, right?
Or, if you will, the gaming console.
Because, remember, the big thing about, you know, where MetaQuest are now, and the advantage, I guess, that it has over the PlayStation or PSVR 2, if you will, or some of the other VR competitors, that it doesn't hook up, and you can just put the headset device on your head, and that's it.
That's the VR thing.
So this is literally going to allow you to have the power of an Xbox in the headset.
through the cloud.
So that's going to be pretty cool.
So of course, you'll be able to play things that are offered in Xbox Cloud Gaming, Forza Horizon, Halo Infinite, Starfield.
Now, it doesn't make all those games suddenly VR.
What it is, is that it's a large 2D virtual screen that you're playing on.
So think like some of those apps that let you watch a movie on a fake screen, things like that.
That's what it's going to be.
I remember I didn't watch the full presentation for this but I think that this allows you to do kind of that whole AR virtual screen thing like the Apple
I didn't see how AR was involved either but again it's not gonna I think the bigger point is that it's not gonna suddenly make the games VR because they weren't programmed to be that way yeah maybe your environments that you're playing in you can kind of change up and things like that but yeah you'll be able to play the games on a 2d screen but still
As long as you have, of course, Game Pass Ultimate, because that's what you need to get Xbox Cloud Gaming.
But it is still putting the power of the Xbox in a device that can attach to your head.
So that's, you know, and someday, you know, we're getting closer and closer.
Someday, those devices are going to have 5G internet when that populates more and more that you could be anywhere.
with one of those things on your head play in those games.
It's gonna be very interesting when we get to that point.
But I could already see a use case for this now is that like, let's say, let's say Loki is playing Starfield on the TV.
I'm making up a scenario.
I know you're not really playing Starfield.
We're gonna say Loki's playing Starfield on the TV.
And then Mrs. Loki comes in and says Grey's Anatomy's on, I want the TV.
Loki can now take his game and put it on the headset and play right there.
And then Mrs. Loki can continue to watch Grey's Anatomy
But you don't want to watch Grey's Anatomy in 3D in VR.
You'd be right there.
Oh, your solution is to give Mrs. Loki the headset and say, you want to watch Grey's Anatomy on the headset.
So I'd be right there in the drama.
Mercy in the drama.
I love it.
But yeah, so that's, you know, that's gonna be pretty cool.
And now, of course, you know, it goes without saying, Activision Blizzard and that deal looks like it's gonna be a thing.
It's only a matter of time before we're talking Overwatch 2, Call of Duty, also potentially in the MetaQuest 3.
So interesting how that's all shaping up.
Can we talk about how ridiculous the whole their AI avatar, like,
Thanks for watching!
They have Snoop Dogg as a DM for like a Dungeons & Dragons type roleplaying thing.
Like, I know when I think of Dungeons & Dragons, Snoop Dogg is certainly the first person that comes to mind when it's like, it's like you couldn't have gotten anybody like else for that.
Maybe I would have stuck with Baldur's Gate 3 if it was Snoop Dogg.
Like, it just looks, it looks so ridiculous.
I'm like, is that, like, an AI-generated image?
Is it not really, like, is it like, haha, it's funny, because I can have Snoop Dogg as my, you know, RPG, uh, you know, DM or whatever, and like, well, I can really do anybody.
But no, that's who we chose as the RPG guy is Snoop Dogg.
Like, what?
Why?
Why would you do that?
Like, you could,
You could talk to him about music.
You could talk to him about like drugs.
I mean, like, I just don't see him as D&D guy unless there's a part of him that I really am not familiar with.
The best thing you could do to show that you hate this shit is not use them.
Don't use them as a joke.
Don't use them for the lulz.
Because you know what?
Facebook puts a lot of this stuff people didn't ask for or sometimes even did ask for.
For example, remember when we used to be able to play games like Pac-Man inside messaging app?
Yeah, they took it away because nobody was using it.
So if you want to show your distaste for AI, resist any temptation to just get the tee-hees off of Snoop Dogg being your DM.
There are other ways you can support Snoop Dogg.
He has his own line of wine.
That's an excellent way for you to support Snoop Dogg.
Not this.
Not this.
It is the guy from Dungeons and Drag Queens.
He's the guy that does Dimension 20 and he is just a fantastic... Like, I cannot... I don't want to get on a tangent about talking about Dropout TV, but I fucking love that.
That entire, like, network is just great.
Like, honestly, like, I really like it.
It's independent artists doing independent things, separate from all these other, you know, big companies.
It's really good produced, you know,
content.
I eat it all up.
But like Brendan Lee Mulligan, seriously, I watch any... I can't hate on that.
I can't hate on AI trying to reproduce.
Yes, absolutely.
You know, no, then you would never be able to recreate Brendan Lee Mulligan.
But yeah, second season of Dungeons and Drag Queens coming sometime.
Is it the same roster?
Are they gonna mix up the drag queens?
I don't know.
But it is a season two.
So that
Let's move on to something you can do on your phones besides Facebook.
Oh, well, I mean, there's plenty of things that you can do on your phone besides Facebook, but you can also play Resident Evil 4 Remake on iPhone 15.
It is available to be ordered on the App Store.
It will be released, quote, for free.
You know, so you can play through the first mission before you have to pay full price.
So what is that full price?
60 bucks!
You can also purchase weapon upgrade tickets, the ones that are available in the current versions of the game.
But yeah, you are buying a full-on game to be played on your tiny handheld computer for what the game normally costs anyway for a full version of the game.
So some people might balk at that because they think, oh, my cell phone, it's this, you know, it's not going to play real games.
No, your your phone is a computer.
And this is a small screen, yes, but it is a full game running on a computer with a dedicated programmed version for it.
So 60 bucks.
Not surprised.
I definitely understand why people are getting their knickers in a twist over this because we've kind of been conditioned.
I mean, even when the Final Fantasy Pixel remaster was like $20 on cell phone, a lot of people balked at that.
But I actually, I may surprise you and actually go, yeah, I get it.
If they're going to charge $60 for Resident Evil on iOS, here's the thing that's really changing my mind on this whole thing.
This whole talk about Mortal Kombat 1 on the Nintendo Switch and how they're charging $70 for that.
And the reality is the iPhone 15 and the Google equivalent, to be fair, I don't want to be accused of playing favorites, that those, those little computers, as DarkSakura put it, in your hand are probably more powerful than a Nintendo Switch.
So if you're going to justify paying... Probably?
Definitely.
Definitely.
Yeah.
If you're going to justify paying 60 or 70 bucks
for Mortal Kombat 1 on your Switch, then it's not outside the realm of possibility to ask to pay that on your iPhone, your Android, whatever.
Especially now.
Now, I would usually balk at that because I would say, I'm not playing a f-ing touchscreen version of the game, but we all know you can hook up Bluetooth devices now and you know, da-da-da-da.
You could play legit, you know, just like you're playing it on a Switch or whatever it is.
But it's steps though, like I mean, like they don't sell the switch without controllers.
Yeah, but I'm as far as the price of the game, like that's to talk about the ecosystem, talk about the price of the game.
Like I get it.
And you know what, here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
At the end of the day, it is very, very, very, very easy to not buy it.
And I think the reality of the $60 and $70 price tag is, like, this is a whole greater conversation.
I'm not talking about iPhone, I'm just talking about the sticker shock of these prices of games on any platform you're playing it on.
Because I know a lot of people... Oh, go ahead.
I'm sorry, I just wanted to add in the point too that you can airplay this to a TV.
Oh, fair point.
Fair point.
And you can use a normal controller with it.
I mean, and it's, it's not really, I think, as big of a deal as people thinking it is.
You can actually take something much more useful than a Steam Deck.
and play the game wherever you freaking want.
You can use your cellular to play.
I mean, I wouldn't recommend it, but you could.
Yeah.
So, I mean, you there you're honestly it's almost like you're getting a better value.
But well, speaking of that value, there's a lot of people that don't want to pay 60, 70 bucks for any game.
And you know, and what I find is happening to be them.
Well, what I find is happening is that people are playing a little bit of video game chicken.
And I actually think we kind of all do it in one way or another.
I'll say in one way, I'm doing it.
I'll speak right up and say, Mortal Kombat one is an excellent example.
No way in hell am I paying $70 for that game?
Because I know
I know it's a waiting game.
And six months down the line, the Game of the Year edition that includes all of the DLC and all this other stuff will either also be $70 or probably price cut.
In fact, I bet Mortal Kombat 1, as it is, price cut on Black Friday down to $45.
So the question becomes, how bad do you want it?
And you might you might say, Rob, if you wait for all your games to go on sale, you're not really supporting the industry or any of that stuff.
Hold on.
I didn't say I do this with every game.
I think we all pick and choose our battles with how much are we willing to pay for the game.
And the same thing happens in the other arts too.
Movies.
Are you going to pay to go see it on the big screen?
Or are you going to wait for it to hit Disney Plus?
A lot of people do this battle in a lot of different mediums and different ways.
And so for me, yeah, I'm going to wait for Mortal Kombat 1 to go on a discount because I just, I don't need it right away.
I know y'all are saying it's a great game and yeah, okay, okay.
I believe you, but I'm perfectly content being on the sidelines until later.
Now.
You want to talk about Final Fantasy 16.
You want to talk about Diablo 4.
Now those are the games where I go, oh, we're buying the tickets to see it in IMAX.
I'm buying the family pass to get the front row and a large popcorn because I'm a fan.
Front row IMAX you.
But you know what I'm getting at, right?
I'm paying for the premium seats to go see this.
So premium seats, concerts, right?
Another another thing that people paid in price for.
But anyway, my point is, the premium being asked for here on iOS, Android, however you slice it, is no different from what it is on other gaming platforms.
And so for that reason, I actually I find this whole thing a little bit sensationalist and also but but but on one hand,
We don't see it a lot, so I get it, but I think it's just a barometer of where the industry is going.
And that's that.
I'm going to chat because I'm sure some of you were going to light up and chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
Let's see.
Jaskrand in chat says my biggest worry with iOS game purchases is support for future versions of iOS.
Do I want to spend $60 on a game that I don't know will run on iOS 20 plus?
Well, to be fair, how are those PlayStation 3 games working out on your PlayStation 5?
So, I mean, I get your point, but it isn't totally different in other worlds either.
Um, let's see, uh, BondSub06 says, I have a collection of film stubs here going back as far as 2001.
Jaskren says, compare it to buying Doom Remake on Windows.
There's an expectation that I'll be able to play it well into the future on future versions of Windows.
Um, and cloud gaming could make for a very interesting conversation on all of this in the future, to be quite honest.
to be continued, I suppose, on that.
Well, and here's also the thing.
With iOS games, they are technically cloud-based.
You know, if I, say I paid 60 bucks for this game, it's now tied on my Apple ID, and my phone gets run over by a semi, and the, you know, running over by a semi insurance pays for my new phone, all I have to do is sign back in, restore my backup, the game will start re-downloading.
Same with just about any device these days.
So unlike if your cartridge gets broken or something is delisted, it's actually tied to the account that follows you everywhere.
If you get a new phone, you can install it on the new phone.
And I will also add in that M1 Macs
Well, the Silicon series will run a lot of iOS software.
So in reality, you may be getting it for two devices.
Um, I want to read this comment in chat too, because this one really got me thinking, and I love when the chat comments get me thinking.
SheHulk10 in chat says, A great game has no price limit for me.
Some free games on Game Pass, I feel the need to pay companies for their excellence.
And I think of a couple scenarios here.
I think of, I'm not going to call her out, but maybe a little bit, DarkSakura's impressive collection of cosmetics on Dead by Daylight.
Hey, I got to keep all those, so I was happy.
But that's a game that's brought you literal hundreds.
Are you up to a thousand hours?
I bet you're up to a thousand hours.
I can check.
Well, I mean, I was already there on Stadia, so my Steam would, I don't know.
I mean, you were talking about two years of Stadia play and then whatever I've done on Steam.
But and then and then here you go, DarkSakura, I teased you.
I'll give you one another example of this where SheHulk is talking about, you know, sometimes you feel the need to pay companies to the excellence.
I don't know anybody that's ever bought the same game on multiple consoles.
No.
Who on earth would have bought Mass Effect 3 on the Wii U just to say they bought Mass Effect 3 on the Wii U?
Who would have done that?
I've got several different iterations of Link to the Past.
I have Breath of the Wild on Wii U and Wii.
Atari cartridges that are probably sitting in their garage.
Who on earth would buy new versions of Atari cartridges that are probably sitting in their garage?
Couldn't be me.
I've done that too.
I think we have Ikaruga, like Orange Rice said, how many copies of Ikaruga?
How many versions of Final Fantasy fucking six?
Oh, a brilliant point.
I love this.
Now the chat is the chat is unloading, unloading.
Bonds 006 says Pokemon remakes.
Damn, could be me.
Oh, oh, let's talk about a friend of ours.
And just when when a Pokemon game comes out.
Right.
And literally the Pokemon model is to entice you to buy what is essentially the same game twice.
Let's be real.
So that's a whole other thing.
That's funny.
PodCulture in chat says, same kind of person who bought the movies Serenity in all available formats, VHS, HD, DVD, and PSP, UMD.
Damn.
Impressive.
Or how about my collection of Transformers the movie copies, which I have the Japanese Laserdisc.
I have multiple DVD Blu-ray versions.
I have a video CD of the Japanese version of it that was the only one I could get before I got my Laserdisc.
Anyway, I think we've made our point.
It's very hard to put a price tag on how far you're willing to take your fandoms.
To paraphrase, by the way, one of our favorite animated things, I'm a consumer whore!
And how!
And how!
Hi, I like things, the end, bye.
I know, I know.
Oh god, I forgot my Gatchaman collection of stuff.
Okay, unfortunately, we're having a laugh at capitalism's, you know, about all that.
But unfortunately, now we get to the dark side of capitalism with this next story.
So Loki, please take it away with another very big headline from this week.
So Epic Games has cut their workforce by 870 jobs, or 16%.
Apparently, they said for, you know,
For a while now, we've been spending way more money than we earn.
This is coming from Tim Sweeney.
It says, I've been long optimistic or long been optimistic that we could power through this transition without layoffs.
But in retrospect, I see that this was unrealistic.
That's a nice way of saying, you know, thanks for your help.
I refuse to take a pay cut for my employees.
Laid off employees will receive six months severance and health benefits.
And yeah.
So that sucks.
But this is not like this is a very common thing, unfortunately.
And how much of a pay cut is Tim Sweeney taking?
because certainly, certainly if we're talking about that we have acquisitions that didn't go the way as intended, if we're talking about that the market has pivoted towards this, you know, community based games, which I actually think is a good thing, like, that's pretty cool that you know, they have the whole community program.
and that but if if the market is pivoting that way which in turn has them making less money um surely surely uh an executive or a ceo or somebody that's paid to not do anything with the games but to do the business surely the business folks are are are setting things up to you have a little bit bad um are also going to be partaking in some of these cutbacks correct
Yeah, I'm sure, of course.
Along with the layoffs, they were also going to be selling Bandcamp, which I forgot that they even owned.
And spinning off, they said most of the marketing company is super awesome.
I don't think it was super awesome that they, you know, laid all those people off.
And going to the chat, love this comment.
SSG0100 Matt says taps the sign of Iwata took a pay cut to keep his staff.
Mm hmm.
Mm hmm.
That part.
This, this is why when we talk about Iwata and his legacy, we say nice things.
For the most part.
I mean, nobody's nobody's perfect.
But for the most part, we say nice things.
When we talk about Tim Sweeney, and what type of dumbfuck comment he's made on Twitter this week.
It's not exactly not exactly in that same bubble of love that we have for folks like Iwata.
I wonder why.
No idea.
Um, let's see, I was gonna say a lot.
I knew how to code a game.
But to be fair, so did Tim Sweeney.
And to be fair, Tim Sweeney knew how to code great games.
And that's what makes this even more frustrating.
Tim Sweeney's been there.
So it's, it's very frustrating, actually.
Um,
You always, what's the quote?
You live long enough to see the hero become the villain, something like that.
Anyway, let's see.
Fifth Dream in chat says, I feel guilty getting all those free games.
I'm not sure if that was a response to what we were talking about earlier, or perhaps the Epic Game Store and all of their free giveaway games that they do.
But again, you shouldn't feel bad about that.
That's all business deals that they're doing.
They pay the because this was all brought out into the open some time ago through court documents.
They pay those companies a flat fee, say $50,000 for maybe a small indie title to potentially millions for a large AAA title.
They pay money to put that game out there for free.
That again, business decision.
Okay, you fifth dream in your computer room, office, bedroom, whatever downloading this game and taking advantage of the deal.
has nothing to do with the fact that that deal was already signed, sealed, delivered.
Now, the popularity of the game may affect future deals and that sort of thing.
I suppose if you want to go that way, but I don't think you should feel bad about taking the opportunity that was presented to you.
If that's even what the comment was about, because it may have been about the last story to be fair.
So
DJ Roma asked with a very fair comment in chat saying, much respect to Iwata for what we're talking about, but it seems that what Iwata did is more a Japanese cultural thing though.
Be nice if more American upper management would do that.
Yes, it probably was, in fact, a cultural thing, and it is one of those things where we kind of go,
You know, considering this is the gaming industry and such the weight that the Japanese market plays on the gaming industry, it is a little disappointing we don't see more American executives.
But I guess that would be un-American for them to do that.
Anyway, um, let's see.
S2100mat says, how much of that money that Epic spent fighting with Apple in the courts could have been used to keep staff?
Just saying.
Fair.
Um, let's see.
Questbuster says, from those court docs, Epic noted that they expect Epic Game Store to be profitable in 2023.
But interestingly, Apple also countered saying that they expect it to be profitable by 2027, if ever.
You know what would make the Epic Games Store profitable?
Having a better application.
Yes.
I'm just like, I'm just gonna call it what it is.
For as long as the Epic Games Store has been out, it still feels- How long has it been?
A while, and it is still basic as fuck.
Especially next to something like
Epic Games Store is still resting on the laurels of Fortnite
in order to carry forward and that is not a read on the hardworking programmers of the store that is a read on the business developers allocating said resources that's why the Epic Games Store is not profitable it's not it's it's not as attractive as Steam that's what it is anyway
give me a reason to really use the Epic Games Store outside the free games.
Because you know, there's, oh, yeah, SEO 100 Matt says, How long did it take them to figure out a shopping cart?
Oh, yeah, I remember that one.
But it's very complex.
Like it's not like something that websites have had since the beginning of the internet.
But you know, I understand that these, you know, you can't just flip a switch and bam, we have a shopping cart.
They are things that you have to, you know, plan to do.
But that is my point.
It is an executive's job to be strategically thinking about these types of plans and plan for these types of things.
And if Tim Sweeney has failed on that, where's his cut?
And not just him, the other senior executives at this company.
Where's, where's the fall on them?
Anyway, it's just, it sucks that here we are yet again, asking that question.
When is an executive going to be held responsible for the mistakes?
Because we still have Bobby Kotick.
The greatest disease on this industry is still gainfully employed.
And that sucks.
Tim Sweeney, honestly, is like a stage... Tim Sweeney is a mini-grunt in stage 1-1 compared to the end boss Bowser, or no, he's Wart, that Bobby Kotick is.
I said it.
Let's move on though.
Let's talk about someone who has another interesting reputation, a reputation of a much different sort in the industry.
Hideki Kamiya, going to be leaving Platinum Games, the studio that he co-founded.
That's right.
The director of games like Bayonetta, the wonderful 101,
He founded this company back in 2006.
And he was recently promoted even to VP.
But now he said on social media, this was no means by no means excuse me, an easy decision to make.
But he's leaving.
He's exiting the company on October 12.
As for the why that gets a little more misty, because we don't we don't really get a clear reason here.
But he says the move came after a lot of consideration based on my own beliefs.
And he says he's going to continue to make games, but he doesn't say if he's going to another company, starting another studio, who knows, but he's in his early 50s.
He's only like seven years older than I am.
So he's probably not retiring.
So a lot of folks are asking, what's going to happen to Bayonetta?
What's going to happen to these other games?
Honestly, they'll continue on.
I don't know how Bayonetta 3 sold, but I'm assuming if it sold well enough, which I have no reason to think it'll continue on, they'll continue to do it without them.
And they'll have creative folks that'll do their own take on it, but I'm sure we'll do fine.
Yeah, well, and on top of that, that would almost give Kamiya a chance to try something similar elsewhere.
Yeah.
So we'll see what happens.
It'll be interesting.
All right, let's move on.
Another series of a game director who's long left the company, but we're still seeing that series continue, DarkSakura.
So, um, we brought up, uh, Kojima earlier.
So, uh, I'm sure that by now people know about the Psycho Mantis scene in Metal Gear, you know, which was funny.
It even mentioned games that hadn't quite come out yet when you would do like the read your memory card thing, you know.
So that easter egg is going to stay when the Metal Gear Solid Master Collection Volume 1, when people are playing through that.
So you can make like a virtual memory card so that it would work in the game.
Some of the games that were listed in the Japanese version include Snatcher and Policenauts, for example.
I think that's pretty awesome.
I wonder if some of that would stay over for the U.S.
one.
You know, some games that we didn't get but niche versions of them over here.
But I think that that's awesome.
You know, have some DDR on there maybe.
It'd be nice.
So, yeah.
I think I yeah, I'm actually looking forward to this collection.
Because, you know, I have to be honest, you know, the Metal Gear Solid series was one I always kind of, I don't want to say I slept on it.
But it's like, there's there's never enough time to play every game.
And I never got around to really playing this series.
So I'm kind of excited to revisit it.
And obviously, I've always heard about this legendary, you know, Psycho Mantis sequence.
Oh, I've seen this part of the game, of course.
And now it like region memory card.
So I like that they kind of found their own way to recreate it.
You know, even if it's like a fake memory card you're putting together, like, I still think that's pretty fun.
There's all kinds of like little neat things that you can do in the first Metal Gear, Metal Gear Solid.
Like if you get a handkerchief from a sniper wolf, I don't remember how to do this, it's been an age, but if you have it equipped like the wolves won't try to attack you because they smell her.
So like all kinds of little things on there for, for, you know, uh, doing different things, like even equipping the cigarettes does something in other rooms.
So, I mean, there's all kinds of just little nods.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
We have a few more stories, then we're going to get to the classic video game of the week, or are we?
I'll explain in a minute.
Uh, Loki.
Uh, yeah.
So there is this,
There is an event that was done for Van Gogh's 50th anniversary, or I should say the Van Gogh Museum's 50th anniversary.
He's been gone a little longer than that.
Yeah, exactly.
And well, it sounds like a great thing in the beginning.
Then you then you mentioned that it has to do with Pokemon.
You're like, oh.
And so of course, with anything Pokemon, from Happy Meals to apparently the Van Gogh Museum's 50th Anniversary, there was several items that were for sale that were exclusive to that.
And so of course, scalpers and everybody just rushed the place and made a mess of everything.
So of course, you know, there is a tote bag from the event for 50 bucks, which also included a Pikachu collector card from the trading card game.
And now, of course, the trading card game card is up to $700 online.
You know, the tote bag's 50 bucks.
There is, you know, people taking artwork and they're scalping it online.
People are disgusting.
I mean, you already knew that.
And people that are trying to profit off of scalping this stuff are disgusting.
But.
What can you do?
There's nothing you can do, really.
You have to stop supporting scalpers.
Unfortunately, that's not going to happen.
We're going to make a pact.
We're never supporting scalpers.
Unfortunately, there's people out there with a lot of disposable money that'll just keep doing it.
And it sucks.
You literally feel helpless.
What can you do?
I don't know.
Anyway, this is why then this is why some of it's getting ugly, like people meeting scalpers.
What was it the PlayStation five scalpers in parking lots just to rob them?
Not that I would ever endorse it.
But I'm just saying people's frustration with this sort of thing is getting so like it's brimming over that like this is where you see the ugly side of it really coming out, you know, and and all these I'm sure there's plenty of YouTubes of people fucking with scalpers.
They're showing like there's a video on online that's showing people just rushing the gift store and like it's like it's a mob.
It's like a Black Friday sale mob just rushing in there and just tearing the place apart like.
It's a cartoon, it's a trading card game.
What's wrong with you people?
Like, is this really worth it to make a few bucks?
Like, apparently they think it is.
I don't know.
It's nuts.
Alright, moving on.
We've had a lot of discussion this evening about kind of the cost, the price of a video game, and how much are you willing to pay for a game.
And it's interesting, in some timely remarks, the president of Capcom, Haruhiro Tsujimoto, suggests that maybe it's time to raise the price of games again.
And, you know, it wasn't that long ago that we just talked about raising the price to 70 bucks, you know, to support, you know, the
A report on September 23rd from Nikkei had some remarks from Sujimoto at the Tokyo Game Show about some various topics.
Development costs are about 100 times higher than during the Famicom era, but software prices have not gone up that much.
There is also a need to raise wages.
Considering the fact that wages are rising in the industry as a whole, I think raising unit prices is a healthy option for business.
and then went on to, you know, explain that, you know, recessions and the other factors in the business world, they shouldn't matter when it comes to game prices, but they say those factors have little to do with the game industry.
Just because there's a recession doesn't mean you won't go to the movie theater or your favorite artist concert.
High quality games will continue to sell.
Right, but the problem with that whole statement is assuming that the only cost of a game like back in the Famicom era is the purchase price of the game.
And we know that's absolutely not true.
Capcom especially knows it's not true because it's not just the game purchase.
It is a battle pass.
It is the DLC.
It is all the other nonsense, the cosmetics and stuff that they throw on top of it.
So don't even pretend that first off that they're selling a game for $70.
But then they're also making all this money, billions of dollars off the back of stuff.
And hey, here's a funny idea.
If it's not profitable to do that, then don't make games that cost so much in development.
There are a lot of smaller independent games that require a lot less money, that are solely unique, versus you making Resident Evil some more times.
I'm sorry, I just don't buy a lot of this stuff.
Yes, the cost has gone up for these studios, but no one's forcing them to also employ this many employees to make these complex games.
And even still, when they go and sell a $70 game, not necessarily Capcom in this instance, but it's not up to the quality of what I would consider a $70 product.
Well, and I'm sorry, that's just the world it is like, you know, the cost to go to the movies is not $70.
I mean, sometimes it is, I guess, but it is, you know.
You know what the upfront cost is there.
I don't know.
It's just ridiculous.
I get the point he's trying to make when he talks about how the development costs are 100 times higher than the Famicom era, but we're charging a very similar price for games.
There's a very convenient fact he overlooks in that whole thing.
And that is that the majority of games are now delivered either digitally, which is
zero cost or on discs which are relatively extremely low cost compared to what they were in the Famicom era which were these cartridges that were not cheap because essentially you had system parts in a cartridge or if you want to literally say the Famicom disc system still discs that were more expensive than the discs they make today.
Let's even go back further than that.
Let's go back to when I was working in the video game industry and let's talk about what it actually costs to bring a game to the market.
Yo, your average $60 price point game from Capcom would have been sold to a distributor for $48 because there has to be a margin made in there for the distributor and for retail.
So $48 for the game.
$48 is not Capcom's cost on that.
They're making a margin on that as well.
So you can take that $60 game and I would say half of that is profit.
And on top of that, you're paying, you know, before when they're talking about physical discs being brought out, you know, that there's packaging costs and stuff that went in there.
So now you're talking that they're getting more than 50% profit off of that.
Um, so yeah, it may have been more expensive, but now your cost to bring that to the customer is much less and you're making up all of that margin that now you're selling directly through these.
I mean, sure.
You're paying Sony and stuff, but it,
Well, maybe Capcom is, but now let's look at some of their peers like Ubisoft that tries to sell games direct.
They cut out the distribution too.
They become the distributor with things like, whatever the Ubisoft, it's so bad, I never use it.
Ubisoft front end is called, or, you know, we'll say the Epic Game Store and publishing Epic Games, you know, they can sell, or Valve, sure, Steam and Valve Games, you know, they self publish, right?
So, or self distribute and publish.
So it's just,
I dunno, like look, I get his point, but he's not making as big of a point as he thinks.
Like they want us to make us feel bad.
They're like, well, you guys are just really selfish and you really should be paying more for this product that you're giving us.
The problem is, though, is like, no, you know, if we don't feel like paying that price, then we're just not going to pay that price.
That's how it is.
You can charge whatever you want for you.
You can put out three fighter seven for one hundred and twenty dollars.
Go right ahead.
Doesn't mean people are going to buy it.
Some people might buy it, but that's that you you as a
as Capcom can do whatever you want, but you know, you also have to realize that not everybody's going to agree with you.
So do that as you will.
If you feel your games are worth more money, then charge more money.
But honestly, in the back end, you're already charging more money.
And for you, it's your best interest to get people in the ecosystem so they buy all that stupid battle pass and cosmetics and stuff because you want them in the door to do that.
So there is something I should point out, and this is something that's become abundantly clear to me just with looking at different tech companies in general, is that, I mean, increasing the price of a game, I'm sorry, it's gonna happen, it happens, massively increasing the cost is not the answer.
you know what the big thing is that we need the companies need to look at their infrastructure number one and if the current i mean and yeah reorganizing a business is expensive and difficult but look at the companies that haven't had uh you know that have been making profits have not had as many layoffs as some of the others and see what they're doing right you know um you know if
If you have, instead of a big hiring boom, for example, if you keep your new hires, especially, I wouldn't say force that crunch time on anybody, but hire reasonably and don't over-hire.
You know, utilize the people that you already have for for related tasks.
I mean, there are ways of keeping the costs down, of not hurting your employees and not hurting your consumers.
It's balance and people don't want to try to do something different.
Um, some great comments in our chat as to 100 Matt says if you keep upping the price at some point a bubble will burst.
You put out an $80 game that is two thirds done and buggy as hell your consumers will remember that and guess what won't buy it at full price.
And quest buster says XO primal has entered the chat.
And you know, what's interesting, I have friends that got super into XO primal because they're playing it on game pass.
SheHulk10 says, actually they could reduce executive salary and stockholder payouts and reduce the price of the games by 80%.
I love that comment.
BobbyBlackWolf with a bit of a realist perspective to that saying, reducing stockholder payouts has the consequence of the stockholders selling all their shares and the company goes out of business due to lack of funds, which is a whole other argument about
Publicly traded companies in the first place, but we don't have time for that.
What we do have time for is our next segment, which comes with it very own bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right, but once a month, DarkSakura does not pick a video game.
She picks a not video game in a 2023 twist to talk about instead.
So DarkSakura, what is the classic not video game of the month?
So the Classic Not Video Game Month actually has an evolved version.
I picked Mystery Date.
So Mystery Date was first of all created in 1965 with reissues in 1970, 1999, and 2005.
And
an evolved version, the 1999 version is an evolved version and I'll get to the name of that one and you'll know what it is.
So, Mystery Date is a game that was marketed from girls from 16 to 14 and it was conceived of by a guy, so of course it's very
It was conceived by a man named Marvin Glass and created by Henry Stann.
Marvin Glass & Associates, by the way, was a toy design engineering firm in Chicago, and some of the other games to their credit is Mr. Machine, Rock'em Sock'em Robots, Light Bright, Ants in the Pants, Mousetrap, Operation, Simon, and the evil Knievel stunt cycle.
So, going back, you can play with 2, 3, or 4 players, and the object of the game is to find the best date while avoiding, quote, the dud.
Right away, this game is reinforcing very terrible social stereotypes and all kinds of pretty nasty things.
So it's very problematic just right from the get-go, but not many people, I guess, thought that it was at the time.
So anyway, you have to assemble an outfit by finding three matching color-coded cards, and then you have to match the outfit of the date that's at the mystery door.
There was actually a big door in the middle of it.
So the date is revealed by spinning the door handle and opening the door on the game board.
You have five possible dates.
The formal dance date, the bowling date, the beach date, the skiing date, and the dud.
The dud is poorly dressed, wearing sloppy clothes, messy hair, and he has a beard shadow.
Honestly, that just sounds like any guy I ever went out with in the 90s, I would say, for the few that I did.
I mean, it was grunge.
I'm kidding.
In 1970s version, the bowling date was replaced by a picnic date.
So, if your outfit does not match the date behind the door, the door is closed and you continue.
So this is where we go up to the 90s, speaking of which, and its evolution.
Electronic dream phone.
Do we do we know this one?
I'll tell you a little secret about it.
The box had a a picture of a young Chris Evans on it as Tyler, the beach date.
I can see that.
Yeah, so anyway, this was like the 90s game.
You had a big ass, well, more like the phone looked like it was this big pink, and it's now playing on the thing, by the way, but this little monstrosity.
So you would have to find the hot guy.
I would have killed to have a big pink phone like that, just saying.
You had to find the hot guy who had the crush on you.
So huge.
So you use the pink phone to talk to guys to gather clues.
So it's like where someone wasn't eating, what he wasn't wearing, where he didn't like to hang out.
And then you had other ones say, I know who it is, but I'm not telling.
And yeah.
I think I played this game at one time.
I swear I went over to my sister's friend's house and we played this with the phone.
So basically you're using the process of elimination to figure out who was the crush and then you call them to confirm.
So the crush is basically...
The same person for all the players.
So the first girl who guesses it is the winner, pretty much.
Um, but I don't know.
Um, so you had, uh, guys who hung out in different places like the mall or Woodland Park.
Um, so you had, uh, a few different guys.
You had, uh, Bob, Scott, Tyler,
Gary, Dan, Spencer, Jamal.
Very 90s looking fellas.
There's some other ones.
The bowl cut, especially.
But yeah, you... Basically, it's really the evolved version of the same game.
It truly is.
I go to my grave saying so.
And that's why I picked the game that I did.
Whereas on the board game, you're rolling dice.
But the phone game, I mean, it's...
It's funny, there's a book called Timeless Toys, and they compared Mystery Date, and I'm going to quote this, it was the result of crossing Barbie in all her high fashion glory with 1965's biggest game show, Let's Make a Deal, calling it an example of simple yet ingenious quality of games that are associated with Marvin Glass.
It absolutely is problematic at its core.
The game is basically camping on stereotypes, using aesthetics as nothing but the judge of another person's quality.
I mean, honestly enough, the Mystery Phone one is, I think, better off.
Because they're all supposed to be hotties.
But that's the game.
Problematic, yes, but iconic, also yes.
Mystery Date, the classic non video game of the week.
And the mystery phone with it.
I was I was somewhat familiar with this game.
I never played it, unfortunately.
Just like I would say I wanted to play Mall Madness a lot more than my lady friends had.
I want to play Mall Madness, which you've already featured this year.
But I never did play Mystery Date.
But the way you describe it, because you're trying to kind of guess like what's in the center of the board.
It makes me think that Clue is just mystery murder.
Yeah.
Isn't Clue just mystery murder then?
Clue is Mystery Murder.
Well, I did Clue, didn't I?
Well, it came out before, well before this, though.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I'd have to check the wiki.
Like in the 40s.
Yeah.
The first manufactured version of Cluedo was in 1949.
Yeah.
OK, so.
All right.
So this game just took murder and turned it into dating.
That's fine.
All right.
What if we took the murder game and made it less murdery?
Alright, great pick.
You know what?
We could revamp this game.
And we could make it very, very, very, very gay.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I mean, I'm of course I'm all for that.
But I think even better.
And I think something that everybody would understand would be Mystery Kitty, which which kitties which kitties at your front door?
Meow, meow, meowing.
That's that's it's Mystery Kitty would be the way to play the game.
Yeah, exactly.
You found a dead rat.
It has Black Cat fur on it.
Unfortunately, I play that game in real life.
But, you know, it's in my neighborhood is is this Black Cat Midna?
And I have to always look in the house first.
My cat's in the house.
It's not my cat.
I saw on my Facebook feed the other day, and it's a legit thing because it's legitimately on their website.
They have a spirit Halloween store themed Monopoly board.
Why?
Who's buying that?
But they have it.
I want that just for the what the fuckness of it.
They have it.
And like, it's funny, because like the first the first section of properties on the border, like abandoned mall shop, abandoned like this shop.
It's like all the different places you'd find a spirit Halloween store.
I thought it was funny.
I just never would imagine that as a thing.
But it is a thing.
What's the equivalent of Boardwalk, former former Target store in San Francisco?
Um, you know, I'll tell you what, I will look it up.
And while you do that, well, actually don't go too far, Loki, because we need you to tackle some rapid fire news for us as we travel around the gaming world and look quickly at some other headlines and things that are going on.
Alright, so we've got a surprise game announcement, actually a surprise game release.
It is called Elder Scrolls Castle, and Elder Scrolls Castle is basically an Elder Scrolls skinned version of Fallout Shelter, which, that sounds cool.
So that is a thing that is got shadow dropped on the 28th of September and you can check it out.
I think it's it's out on Google Play right now.
I'm assuming Steam as well and probably consoles at some point.
But yeah, it looks like we get the screenshots.
It's pretty much exactly Fallout Shelters, but now with Elder Scrolls, which I am down for.
I will have to check it out.
Yeah, I might check that out.
Fallout Shelter wasn't bad, but I'm not really super into the Fallout universe.
But Elder Scrolls, that I could go along with.
And then we've got five new tracks coming to F-Zero 99.
So we've got now two normal F-Zero 99, Mute City 2, Port Town 1, and Red Canyon 1.
And in the pro tracks, they have Whiteland 2 and Death Wind 2.
And apparently the Queen League will also be appearing in the Grand Prix events as well.
I still haven't played F-Zero 99.
I haven't either.
Oops, I should be supporting F-Zero.
And just be like, specifically, we're not bringing a new F-Zero game because that Rob Roberts didn't play F-Zero 99.
We had him specifically targeted for this.
And we're like, yep, we're gonna green light this game as soon as he plays.
Nothing happened.
It's me.
Hi, I'm the problem.
It's me.
Anyway, DarkSakura, how about another game I've overlooked completely that I should be playing?
Samba de Amigo!
So Samba de Amigo Party Central had two more DLC packs on the 28th and more to come.
So, um, what we have so far is the Sonic and Japan Culture ones already came out on, uh, in, uh, August.
For September, we had the Sega Music Pack and the, uh, K-Pop Pack.
And then, uh, this month, October, we're gonna have, uh, the Persona and, uh, Virtual Singer Packs.
And then two Mystery ones in November.
But the Phantom Thieves music pack will have colors flying high, life will change, and rivers in the desert.
There's the Joker and Morgana costume and accessories pack.
And the Virtual Singer pack has the vampire, phony, and goodbye declaration.
It's a day go.
To answer your question, Rob, what is in the boardwalk position on the Spirit Monopoly board?
It is unfortunately underwhelming, just like this entire board is.
It is the Spirit Halloween corporate office.
Oh.
Boo.
Exactly.
All right.
Where is that even at?
It's got to be in the L.A.
area.
I don't know.
I feel like it's on the Monopoly board.
I'm assuming it's in boardwalk.
Anyway.
Aren't those all, wasn't the original Monopoly all based off New Jersey, Atlantic City?
Isn't that what it's all based off of?
Speaking of cities and speaking of games that I'd love to play, but we know I never will, Cities Skylines 2.
That's right.
Kind of the spiritual successor in many ways to SimCity because we all saw what EA did to SimCity.
So a lot of people went to Cities Skylines, which was a pretty awesome city building sim.
And a lot of people very excited about Cities Skylines 2.
And they can continue to be excited until spring 2024 when the game will be out on the PlayStation 5 and the Xbox Series X and S. But
If you are wanting to play the PC version of the game, it is still coming out October 24th, 2023.
That's just a few weeks as it was originally planned.
So just a heads up there.
Some of the minimum and recommended PC specs have gone a little higher though.
So if you haven't looked at those lately, you might want to take a look.
There is that.
But yeah, if otherwise, if you want to check out the other versions of the games, the console versions are coming out a little bit later.
Heads up, City Skylines 2 is still coming to PC Game Pass as well, if you want to check it out that way.
It will come out to Xbox Game Pass when the console version of the game comes out.
I guess that's cool that it is on Game Pass at least.
The cost is one less barrier to getting to play that, so that's kind of cool.
So, City Skylines 2.
FifthDreamInChat says, I always play City Builders for two days, then drop off.
Huh, SSTO 100 Matt, funny enough, it is the Spirit Corporate Headquarters is in New Jersey, Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
How about that?
All right.
Okay.
Um, let's move on and check out some release dates, some things we're going to be playing a little sooner than the Cities Skylines 2 console release.
We'll start in the US, Loki.
We have Bilkin's Folly on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Trepang2 on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Disgaea7, that's gonna be on, or Disgaea7, Vows of the Virtueless on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5 Ignystone on PC, iOS, and Android Ira on PC InHisTime on PC
Scorn is coming out on PlayStation 5.
We've also got Silent Hope on PC and Nintendo Switch.
The Lamplighters League on PC, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Blossom Tales 2, The Minotaur Prince on Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Wordless on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
And Assassin's Creed Mirage, oh, was that this week?
On PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
Cricket24 on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
Dark Pictures Anthology Little Hope on Nintendo Switch Front Mission 2 Remake on Nintendo Switch Night vs. Giant The Broken Excalibur on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series
The Sisters 2, Road to Fame on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series Sword Art Online, oh that's not for this region We've got Wargroove 2 on PC and Nintendo Switch
Borderlands 3 Ultimate Edition on Nintendo Switch Detective Pikachu Returns on Nintendo Switch NHL 24 on PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series Sword Art Online Last Recollection on PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series
And last but not least, Sunshine Manor on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Alright, traveling over to Japan and looking at the releases there, it's actually very similar to what Loki just read.
There's a lot of overlap this week between the regions.
It's not always that way, but this week we also have on the Nintendo Switch, we'll start there, Detective Pikachu Returns gets its release in Japan.
Pretty much the whole world is coming out the same day, as Nintendo games do these days.
However, also of interest, the Mario Red edition of the Switch OLED model is also out.
No, it doesn't actually have Mario on it, but it's just in the Mario red color.
So I'm trying to see if maybe it's on the dock.
I think there might be a picture of Mario on the dock.
Nope, it's just the Switch logo that's on the dock there.
So but it's it's that, you know, iconic Mario red, I guess, if anything else.
Also in repack, repackaging news, maybe as you're buying that new OLED model, you might pick up Mario Kart 8 Deluxe with the booster course pass included.
That is a re-release, if you will, that is hitting the shelves in Japan this week.
I'm assuming
for the quote-unquote holiday season or I guess more appropriately end-of-year season for Japan since we all know Christmas works a little differently there.
But that's what we see on the Switch.
On the PlayStation 5, again some overlap with what we've just heard about, Assassin's Creed Mirage gets a release in Japan this week on the PlayStation 5.
Sword Art Online, as Loki referred to, also released in Japan, but you know you get your limited edition and your 10th anniversary memorial limited edition on the PlayStation 5, because of course you do.
And a game called Gord is also out in Japan this week, which it looks like it's a multi-language edition of a game being brought over.
And that's it for Japan.
How about Europe, DarkSakura?
On the third for PlayStation and Xbox, we'll have Tripong2, or maybe it's Squared.
It has the two, it looks like Squared.
Scorn, Special Deluxe Edition.
For Switch, we have Silent Hope.
Also for PlayStation, Paleo Pines Dino Valley.
For Xbox and PlayStation, we have Everspace 2 Stellar Edition.
On the 4th for Xbox, we have Warhammer 40K Darktide.
On the 5th for PlayStation, Cricket 24.
We also have for PlayStation and Xbox, Assassin's Creed Mirage.
On the 6th, Borderlands 3 Ultimate Edition.
That's for Switch.
For PlayStation, we have Fort Solis Limited Edition.
PlayStation, Xbox, NHL 24.
For all three, Harvest Moon, The Winds of Anthos.
And then for Switch, there's Detective Pikachu Returns.
And then for Xbox and PlayStation, we have Sword Art Online, Last Recollection.
All right.
We have a few more headlines for you.
And then we will open up the phones to our discord server over at vognetwork.com slash discord and the green room.
We also will invite your emails participate at orangelandrater.com.
Sadly, I think we are another week with no emails, but we'll double check on that in a moment.
But in the meantime, we have some headlines.
Unless Kylie lyrics count.
I think I read that last week.
Anyway, you can actually delete that.
Okay, yeah.
Kylie lyrics always count.
In fact, the nearby establishment, The Bolt, which my friend and I go to occasionally, and we always take over the jukebox there.
For the last three months, we make it our mission to play Padam Padam every night that we're there.
And then we started putting Kylie Minogue's Tension, the single in that.
And now my favorite song on the new album, Hold On To Now, for whatever reason, that song, I don't know if that's the next single.
It probably ought to be.
But that song has now hit the jukebox too.
So now we can play that too.
So we play a lot of Kylie at the club.
But I just can't get her out of my head.
Why?
Why?
Why would we?
All right.
Anyway,
Kylie Minogue, official singer of Orange Sound Radio.
I mean, honestly, like the day she hit DDR with what song was it?
Everything.
Love at First Sight was the song that was in DDR Max 2, and that was that like countries were changed that day.
Yeah, it was only the home version, though.
It was.
over to the actual human wasn't locomotion like a really throwback wasn't that in one of the euro stage fixes like way back when I feel like it was uh maybe yeah anyway all right enough DDR reminiscing let's look forward to the future because this is some interest especially with all the shit talking on executives I've been doing tonight this is some interesting news isn't it Loki
Yeah, Jim Ryan, Sony Interactive Entertainment CEO, is retiring after four years on the job.
After 30 years, I've made the decision to retire from SIE in March of 2024.
I've relished the opportunity to have a job I love in a very special company, working with great people and incredible partners.
But I found it increasingly difficult to reconcile living in Europe and working in North America.
Understandable, I guess.
That is a heck of a commute.
Yep.
That's why Ryan Seacrest quit live with Ryan and Kelly for the record.
Very similar reason.
He couldn't stand the commute.
Important stuff.
All right.
Let's see.
Yeah.
I don't know who's going to be taking over then, or I'm sure they'll probably have to, you know,
Figure that out, but that's interesting.
It'd be interesting to see who's gonna head up Sony and what that means for the PlayStation.
you know, I feel like things have been a little bit down on PlayStation front this generation not to I mean, the PS5 still selling like in that ultimately is the only thing that fucking matters.
So you know, it is what it is.
But let's not forget just recently, we had like, please let's not forget the price of PlayStation Plus went up extremely by a lot for literally no reason.
And that is, you know,
It's because games cost a hundred times more than what they used to.
And you guys need to pay more to play those games.
And PlayStation Now, don't forget that.
That is some of the PR mess that has been bungled a little bit lately.
But like, look, I get Jim Ryan's reason.
And, you know, it's at some point people want to retire.
I get it.
So it's, you know, I don't think you can directly say, oh, it's because of all this negativity that he's retiring now.
Nah, it probably has nothing to do with that.
It's but it's still interesting.
He doesn't want to whoever the new leader is has to kind of bear that responsibility to, you know, make make Sony popular and fun with the kids again, I suppose.
So it's a good thing to know when to retire and not just to hold on to the job until you literally drop dead.
Now, as Joe and Matt does point out, Hiroki, Totoki will be the interim, but that's just interim.
We don't know if that will be permanent.
So there's a fair point because I want to say Nintendo had an interim person too.
So, you know, when Iwata passed, so, you know, it's just the ebbs and flows of all this stuff.
By the way, very important update on something we were talking about.
Orange Wright says The Locomotion by Kylie Minogue was in Dance Maniacs.
It was and it was a cover.
So it was still The Locomotion, but it was a cover.
That's not which to be fair, I think.
Well, it was hers as a cover.
It was an old, old song from like the 50s.
So I think or was it Kylie's version that was in that game?
I don't know.
Orange Wright, clarify.
and a
Oh, Orange Right says it was a bass cover.
Remember how Dance Maniacs took a lot from the bass series as did the actual DDR solo bass and all that.
So I get it.
All right.
Good to know.
But yeah, that song actually predates Kylie.
So oh, well, but we still associate her with it.
All right.
Anyhow, on to some other news.
Kind of sad.
DarkSakura.
Yeah.
So, um, basically, uh, character designer behind, uh, Shining Force and Landstalker, uh, Tamaki Yoshitaka has, uh, died.
Um, he was 55 years old and he died in July of this year.
We're just finding out, um, of cancer.
So rest in peace.
He did stuff like, not just those, but also Timestalkers and actually a bunch of the Shining Force games.
So, yeah.
Well, that's sad.
That's also sad that we've gone so long without hearing but I understand at some point people retire out of video games to their private life and you know, sometimes takes word for or time for word to get around.
So I mean, it just seems to be like a
DarkTutsi in chat says, I did play The Shining Force on Sega CD.
So some memories there, some fond memories about some of the games that he was involved with.
All right, moving on to some other not great news out of Sega of a different sort, Loki.
Yeah, it's more cancellation news.
Yay.
So SIG has canceled a game called Hyenas, which I literally forgot about.
I was not aware of what this even was.
Apparently, it's a sci-fi space piracy multiplayer FPS.
Oh, OK.
And yeah, so it was like a PvE type thing or PvP, that type of thing.
Apparently, though, they said that on September 11th, this is the game wrapped up its most recent betas, and apparently they've confirmed it's canceled.
So let's see.
We are so sorry to announce the end of Hyena's development before we even bring out the full version to you.
While the decision to cancel the project has not been made lightly, we know that this doesn't make it easier for you to accept.
And of course, they don't say why.
Oh, well, I mean, that sucks.
And along with that, though, of course, Creative Assembly has announced that, or they had made an announcement, I think, of layoffs.
So we've made a decision to begin our redundancy consultation process in some of our areas of UK operations alongside any development of hyenas.
This may unfortunately result in job losses.
We fully understand that this has a significant impact on our people and whether or not they are affected or not, which we are truly sorry.
Yeah, they're going to try to relocate anybody whose roles they can relocate to equivalent positions, I guess, in California to minimize any job losses, but there still will probably be job losses.
Unfortunate.
Yeah.
So why was Hyenas cancelled?
Let's see here.
I don't think like it had recently done a play test, hadn't it?
I guess the reaction must have been really bad.
Yeah, they're saying that economic downturn due to inflation and because of COVID-19 in response, a lower profitability in the European region.
We have reviewed our title portfolio of each of these development base in Europe and resulting actions was cancel hangings.
Like, how far do we have to get from COVID-19 before we can stop blaming COVID-19 for some of this?
I guess, I mean, technically, if you think about it, a game like that could have been developed for a few years.
So that would have been during the pandemic.
But like, we're kind of getting out of like, away from 2020 a bit.
And I get it that the pandemic happened for a few years, but like, I don't know.
I'm like, I'm kind of ready to stop blaming COVID and just start blaming like,
Yeah, we done didn't plan that correctly.
Yeah, well, our leadership just they just made some dumb decisions, you know.
I just don't think it's profitable.
Quest Buster in our chat points out Creative Assembly was about to release Total War Pharaoh later this month, too.
So.
Bummer.
I.
For the last story I have on the show tonight, this is one of those things where it's like, this is just so wild, I had to bring it up.
It's not directly about video games, but it lives on a parallel line with DarkSakura doing her little twist of classic non-video game of the month.
Because one of those non-video games I think would be very easy to pick if she didn't already, I don't have a list in front of me, but I don't think she did Pictionary yet.
And this last story is about Pictionary.
Of course, you all know Pictionary, the legendary board game where you're drawing things.
It's like win, lose, or draw as a board game, right?
You're trying to draw things people guess, right?
Well, how about this new version of Pictionary?
Mattel announces Pictionary AI.
No, let's just marinate on that for a sec.
But actually, here's the guess what I tried to create.
OK, but here's the wild thing.
When I say Pictionary AI, your brains probably all go to a specific place of like, oh, it's going to try to draw things that you get.
That's actually not what it is.
It's actually the literal opposite of that.
Let me explain what Pictionary AI is or as Pictionary versus AI specifically.
What it's doing is it's incorporating AI technology.
It's not a video game.
But it's an analog board game with an app, an AI enhanced refresh is what they're calling it.
So what happens, you are trying to stump artificial intelligence.
You get a clue from a card, and you draw on the included whiteboard, just like in the regular game.
And then the drawing is sent to a smartphone, where it is analyzed by the AI and the algorithm attempts to guess what you drew.
everyone else tries to guess is the AI gonna get it or not and then you make your predictions after seeing the drawings and of course Mattel is saying that's gonna lead to hilarious fun and laughter are sure to ensure with all drawings good and bad
I'm not going to contribute to any AI learning about other art and stealing it, nor how to analyze it for basically, I'm not going to pay to contribute to another system's machine learning.
And I don't think anyone should buy this game, quite frankly.
But this is this is where these things are going.
And what actually I have to admit, what shocked me about this was I was going, oh, God, you know, this is it's it's not technically a board game, but they're still they're going to charge people 50 bucks for it.
What is interesting, it's only 25 bucks, which for as much as they're touting all this cutting edge technology stuff seems kind of cheap.
But DarkSakura, I think you I think you just said the more dark sided part of this.
Hmm.
Nothing's cheap.
What's this thing?
Nothing is free.
You're either you're paying for something in one way or another, whether it's that whether it's time.
the price of the meta quest going up after they severed the Facebook connection and that whole thing.
$25 will get you four whiteboards, a smartphone stand, a game board, game pieces, some pens, and a stack of clue cards.
You know what, y'all?
You could just go on the internet.
Look up some Pictionary clues.
Ironically, you know what you could even if you really wanted to, you could go to chat GPT and say give me some good Pictionary prompts.
And then you could get some pen and paper and play this game with your friends.
no no further AI needed pretty much that I don't know I don't know why this just struck me is so shocking like it is and it isn't like you know people trying to leverage AI in weird ass fucking ways that isn't surprising to me but it's just like pictionary a board game
And like the, it doesn't even sound set up the right way.
Like I would have thought, oh, it's like, you know, go back to something like anticipation, if you will, where it would draw the clue.
That's actually legit.
One of my favorite NES games, Anticipation, where it would draw the clue, right?
And then you buzz in, but it wasn't AI that powered that.
All those drawings were scripted, you know, and you play the game enough and you can guess things based on the first couple of lines that are drawn.
And that's why nobody wanted to play that game with me at a certain point.
But I, I, I would have thought Pictionary AI meant the game is drawing it.
But I didn't, when I first read this story, I didn't.
Even if it was that way, it'd still be contributing to things we don't want to support.
Yeah, but I, I know, but I didn't even think about that darker element of it until I'm reading it here.
And you said that about, well, they're doing it this way because now you're going to be teaching the AI for future versions of the game.
Like it's just, wow.
Yeah.
We're going to have you train our AI and you're going to pay for it.
Win, win, win, win.
Think, think about, think about what you buy for the laughs.
Anyway.
All right.
On that scary note, let's go to, wow, it is spooky season, isn't it?
Happy Halloween.
All right, let's, let's, let's go.
Who needs serial killers when you have, you know, then again, I mean,
I was watching Alien earlier.
Of course, of course you were.
Mother.
An SSJ100 Matt, by the way, is saying that I am pronouncing the, of course, I'm pronouncing word wrong, words wrong yet again here on Originals Radio, that I am pronouncing the name of that game on the NES incorrectly.
The correct way to pronounce the drawing game with the ice cream cone and the high heel as tokens on the game board is Antissa.
Patience.
Say it.
because after all it is Halloween and spooky season officially.
Did you all get out your Tim Curry memes today?
Did you all get out your Tim Curry memes because it is October 1st?
My entire life is a Tim Curry meme, Rob.
It is, but it is, it is, you know, it's the day for the Tim Curry meme where it is September 30th.
That's right.
You're that Tim Curry, Wadsworth from Clue, but October 1st.
You're Frank.
You're Frank Inverter.
It's spooky season.
Or you're Satan.
That's right.
Or you're Pennywise.
Or you're the Grand Witch.
Anything can happen on Halloween.
Anyway.
Uh, where the hell do I go with this show?
Oh, yes.
I'm a butler.
I buttle.
If you do not, do not devolve this show into quoting the movie Clue.
It will go on for another 90 minutes because I will quote the entire movie.
Anyway, uh, you can call in if you want, uh, vognetwork.com slash discord.
We can also take your questions in chat over at twitch.tv slash vognetwork.
Um, we'll take your clue quotes too, or, uh, we'll take your emails, except I don't think we got any, uh, at participate at orange lounge radio.com and QuestBusters.
Can I quote another movie?
Sure.
We ain't got shit.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I'll paraphrase.
Sacramento born, I think, Sacramento raised anyway, Tim Russ, who went on to play Tupac, the guy that can't find shit in the desert.
I and you I feel like he gets comments on both equally.
Some people love him as Tupac, some people love him as the guy in Spaceballs that can't find shit.
Loki, do we have any last minute news?
He don't.
Oh, he don't.
I looked.
That's unfortunate.
Ranma's trying to say that he sent a last minute email.
I already closed the email.
Hold on.
Yeah, I haven't seen it come through because they all get forwarded to my personal box.
I haven't seen it yet.
Did it go to spam?
Well, I don't I don't do any forwarding.
I just go right to the email.
No, I. And no, there's nothing.
OK.
In the junk.
I did find something interesting as and I noticed.
Oh, go ahead.
No, keep going.
Oh, I was just saying while I was trying to search to see if what what DDR Euromix had on it, because I thought there may have been more Kylie Minogue stuff.
That was the legendary song in that game.
Yeah, that game was awesome.
Or that song was awesome in that game.
But apparently there was a TV show called Dance Revolution that was based off a DDR that was on TV.
I remember that.
I remember we covered it.
I mean, yeah, I'm sure we covered it.
I just completely slipped my mind that that was a thing.
I remember us covering the porno Dance Dance Fuck.
I remember that.
Hey, we are not.
If we're anything, we are thorough.
That's for sure.
Do you remember me finally hunting down Final Fuck X?
Yeah, that was it was like it was like a combo.
We did Final Fuck X and we did Dance Dance Fuck.
And then I think there was wasn't there another one?
I don't know.
I don't know.
And for the record, in Final Fuck X, only the women dress up.
And then, like, it's for five seconds, and then they're not wearing anything anymore.
So it's... Well, I'm just surprised.
It's fanboys fucking cosplayers.
I'm just surprised that that movie, the FC, got a total of four movies.
I didn't realize there were three sequels to that.
I knew there was like a couple sequels to it, but four?
That's a lot.
Who knew?
All right.
Well, I guess with that... Oh, we have an email, DarkSakura.
Yeah.
Greetings, everyone.
I am glad there was a brief chat on 25 years of DDR.
I was hoping that maybe there would be what would have been a list list for favorite DDR songs.
But instead, I have three questions for everyone, along with my answers.
Five favorite DDR songs.
So Ranma suggests My Sweet Darling, Tsukaru, Candy, Trust DDR Mix, and Dance Dance Revolution by DDR All Stars.
I will go with Superstar.
Because, you know, that was like my warm up song.
Brilliant Tea Orchestra Mix, still one of my favorites to this day.
Burning Heat, that made it into DDR, right?
Yes, it did.
and, um... Also, didn't the other Gradius mix make it in there?
No, it didn't.
It was just pretty weak.
The Gyruss mix was in there.
In the Xbox.
Yeah, I actually really like the Gyruss mix.
And, um... Uh... My Baby Mama.
Ha!
Um... Who is My Baby... Yeah, it was My Baby, because... You know there was a parody of a song called My Baby Daddy?
Yeah, no, I know.
My five would be, and also I want to point out on the listless thing, a couple issues with the listless thing.
Since we do this show virtually, we don't really have guests in studio at this point.
We don't really have that kind of part.
And then the voting technology that we used to have through vognetwork.com because people can't sign up for VOG Network anymore.
We can't allow new people to vote on answers ultimately.
So we kind of faded the listless thing a little bit.
I'm not going to say it's never going to come back.
We may do it, you know.
but we can have people vote in Twitch.
Uh, don't you have to put a set extension for that?
No, it's just built in through the control panel.
Oh, okay.
I'll have to look into it because I don't I don't ever run polls on there.
But I'll look into it.
But I can't do it right now.
So so later.
Um, five songs for me that I can do right now.
I'm just gonna go off top of my head.
Oh, Nick, please not so quick.
Ghosts, Skulk.
Um,
I'm Alive, the uplifting one because there was two I'm Alive so I'm Alive, I'm Alive, that one and then Together Forever by Captain Jack.
Those would be my five.
Loki?
If I pick five songs, oh gosh.
Um, I would say Look to the Sky.
Oh, that's a good one.
God, there's Moving On from Fifth Mix.
There's a lot of stuff I played.
There's like a whole bunch of stuff that I played that was, I think, in the home version folder in Xtreme.
So, like, look those guys.
I'd say, like, Kind Lady, even... Oh, what else?
Kind Lady, So in Love.
I used to like that one quite a bit.
Oh, which was that?
What was the tutorial song that was really catchy?
Okay, I also do have to add the Silent Hill.
Tonight is, you know.
Oh, remember the dance mix that was in Extreme US?
We debuted that on OLR.
Remember that?
Yeah, but I still liked the original one.
And even though it wasn't a mix, I played a lot.
Yeah, start to tune out Simple Barber.
That was it.
Thank you.
Yeah, Simple Barber.
You got to move it.
I like that song, but I didn't like any of the cuts.
I like the one that came on the soundtrack that they gave us for Supernova, but not any of the ones that ended up in the games, unfortunately.
I didn't have enough Xbox because obviously Skulk I always put like the entire song list for DDR Ultimix 2 and 3 were like bangers like I am gothic.
I like there's just there's so many good songs in those mixes that were really overlooked.
I'm so sad.
Anything but MIDI head.
Yeah, I'm so sad.
They're not backwards compatible.
Bummer.
Anyway, sorry.
Back to email.
Right.
So next question.
First difficult song you passed and that for Ranma was Freckles.
Ryan78 was slow.
Oh, I know what mine was.
It was My Summer Love.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah, yeah, that one.
But it was it was the slow Orion 78 mix that where the I still remember to this day, the feet pattern was bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bup bu
Hmm.
So Loki, did you answer?
Yes.
Oh, oh, song.
I'm sorry.
The first nine letter.
I don't remember.
I think it was.
I don't know if it was like the original Paranoia.
Oh, I think the original was only an eight, but it's still like maybe it's maybe it's La Senorita.
I don't remember is something.
Dynamite Rave
So one song you heard on the radio or streaming that you want to see in DDR.
And that's Tower of Flower, the ending theme from like, like Chorus Recoil.
I've got this answer because I just said something about this earlier, too.
It would be Vibrancy from Violet.
She's a fantastic
What's the genre?
Horror synth, dark synth, synth metal producer.
Cool.
It's a very DDR song.
Look it up on Spotify.
I will just default to Kylie and say Say Something.
My favorite Kylie song.
I would probably, actually, I really kind of want to dance to this, and that would be Pink Venom by Blackpink.
Because, I don't know, I'm just down for that, or The Girls by Blackpink.
You know what?
I know it's sacrilegious to change my answer away from Kylie, but I'm going to because I just feel like if we're gonna go cheese, let's go full on cheese and let's get Gaga in DDR already.
And let's just go.
Let's just go right for it.
Let's get Bad Romance in DDR.
I thought Gaga was in DDR already.
In rock band.
I haven't followed the series in a long time.
No, I'm pretty sure she's in DDR because I want to say
Besides that, you know what I think would be a better song than Bad Romance to dance to?
It would actually be Shiza.
That's a good song.
I thought you might say Dance in the Dark, which is a great song that was never a single.
Shiza's my angry driving music.
Oh, DJRamaS says Bad Romance was in DDR for 360.
Well, shut me up.
I forgot about that one.
I just think that Bad Romance would be too slow.
Yeah, but it's like one of the quintessential Gaga songs, you know?
I don't know.
Anyway.
Fine, I'll go back to my original Kylie answer.
I should have never left you, Kylie.
Born This Way would probably be.
All right.
Oh, God, if I had a Kylie song, though, I would want to do I Love It.
I can also see the actual song Dancing by Kylie.
It would be a great.
Yeah.
Anyway, anyway.
OK, so the email ends.
Thanks for reading my email.
See you on the flip side.
DJ Ranma S. Thanks for the memories, DJ Ranma S. Which is not a song I said I would want to see in DDR, but I guess I could.
How about thanks for the memories, because it's Halloween-y.
All right.
Well, if you want to send us- Oh, you know what needs to be in DDR?
Hmm.
Radiscal and Devil Doll.
I am the Radiscal.
Megalovania, Homestuck
All right.
With all that, we're gonna wrap up the show.
Hey, we would love to hear your DDR memories for next week if you want to send us an email.
If you're looking for a reason to send us an email, I think some DDR memory lane stuff would be a great one.
You don't have to give us five songs, maybe give us like your one song that just makes you really happy from the DDR perspective.
But with all of that, we are going to start to wrap up the show.
I want to thank everybody for listening to Orange Launch Radio and participating with the show tonight.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, tell a friend or two.
Help us spread the word, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but, you know, we don't always have the voices to put out here on air.
So tell a friend or two, help us spread the word.
A nice 5-star review on a site like iTunes or Spotify, which I think finally has a ranking for us.
Enough of you have ranked us as Spotify, so thank you.
Appreciate that.
And 5-star reviews there go a long way, so thank you for all of that.
Really appreciate that.
Jamie, we lost your VTuber, but I think you're still with us?
I am.
I just went ahead and started switching over so I could, you know, go to the bathroom.
Yeah, fair enough.
So do you have a final thought for us tonight?
Because I know you're going to do your streaming and thing, which we haven't seen you in a couple of weeks.
So we'll see you.
See you tonight.
Actually, I may be playing with some friends.
You know, like I said, I'm in my new nurse era, but I'm going to be playing with a couple of friends that I don't often get to play with.
So I'll be happy.
All right.
Have fun.
We'll see you in a minute.
All right, have fun swimming the castle.
Do you think it'll work?
It'll take a miracle.
Bye.
Bye.
I always forget it's Carol Kane that played that part, too, who is amazing, by the way.
Anyway, let's go to Loki.
Why is my camera bigger in this shot?
I swear I'm going to just nuke all these OLR shots and make new ones.
We're going to get a makeover in a few weeks.
All right, Loki, your final thought tonight?
I don't want to go back to work.
Mood.
Um, my final thought for tonight is, uh, I'm going to continue Pokemon, uh, Scarlet on my personal channel with Shane, Pokemon Gen 9 on Monday.
We did our first, uh, we did kind of like an hour and a half that's on my YouTube channel, because you have to kind of get to a certain point before you can play multiplayer.
And now we're playing multiplayer and we, we, we didn't even get to like the first gym or anything, but because it's open world, we were running around catching so much.
So like,
We did a good, like, three-hour stream on Monday and got the decks to probably, like, 30 Pokemon, if not more.
Yeah, we're just catching different Pokemon out there in the open world.
So, and then, you know, we'll go probably tomorrow to take on the first gym or something.
I don't know what order we're going to do things, but we'll figure it out.
So that will be on my personal channel over at Rob Roberts.
And I want to make sure I also shout out VOG Network on YouTube.
I did not bring it up tonight otherwise, but we did a video, speaking of Shane,
talking about Monster Hunter now.
We just did that, and we posted that over on YouTube.
So please check that out.
And thumbs up, nice ratings, like, share, comment, subscribe, all that good stuff.
Help us out.
All right.
That is going to do it for another episode of Orange Science Radio.
Thank you so much to everybody for watching tonight or listening on the podcast feed.
We appreciate you all.
Have a wonderful week gaming, and let's... God, maybe things can stay calm this week.
because I'm with with Microsoft having a leak two weeks ago.
Sony had a hack this week.
My Nintendo, you're on notice.
Look out.
They're coming for you.
In all seriousness, take care, everybody.
We'll see you in seven days.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
