This week, we're back to bring you spooky, frightful, and delightful gaming news. Because
for some reason, society sees adults going door to door to collect candy socially unacceptable
for some reason. That's okay, I wanted savory, sugar-free candy anyway, because health matters
when you're an adult. Anyway, now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers,
and Loki to bring you two weeks of gaming news, starting right now on the show where
every gamer has a voice. Welcome back to another weekly show where every gamer has a voice. It is
Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live on Halloween, spooky season. This is episode number 889 for this
October 31st, Halloween of 2021. We are back after not being here last week, but we are very happy
to be back to talk about the latest in video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I am joined every week by the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Oh, hi. Hi, how are you? I'm a little warm, but I'm okay. So for the Twitch people, because we do
tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the
Bobby Blackwell show at VOG Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network. And for the folks that are
watching on Twitch tonight, you're dressed up a little bit. You're doing a little Meg from Dead
by Daylight inspired look here. And so you're committed to your art with the jacket there. I am.
Love that. The funny thing is that I had ordered this like cheap ass terrible jacket,
and then I found this actual legit corduroy jacket. And that's what Meg wears. And I'll link
like the cosmetic. And then I got my wig and my wig's the wrong color because it's not like
red enough. I either have a very red wig or the blonde wig. Out of my collection of wigs,
I do not own a strawberry blonde. And I had everything ready and styled. And then I was
just looking at my, uh, just Meg cosmetics and Meg has a Bob hair, a Bob haircut. That
it's like her athletic Bob and it looks a little bit like curly and stringy a little.
And she's also got like her straightened out one, but it's more of an ombre effect. And I was like,
yeah, this will do. Um, I just have to make sure I'm cultivating my resting bitch face
better. And she doesn't have the Klingon forehead that I do, but oh, well.
I am surprised you don't have the, because you love pig who is the killer. I'm surprised you
don't have Megan, the pig mask for your, I was just a little bit surprised. I actually,
uh, didn't have time to make the pig mask. I was supposed to make it. And then I had to go to
Alabama next year, next year. Yeah. Cause I was going to have like the, the pig mask hanging off
to the side. And I, I had another red wig that I was going to do like her triple braid in and
with everything that happened in the last couple of weeks. Sure. That fell off. Um, meanwhile,
I am not dressed up. I'm dressed up as Rob Roberts, uh, orange on his radio host here on stream
tonight because, uh, I w I hosted. So for the first time in 18 months, um, I've talked about
this on a show before I host, uh, with one of the film festivals here, I do a lot of the cult movie
screenings and variety show stuff. So, uh, Rocky horror was back last night after 18 months being
gone. You know, they still did precautions. Everybody had to be vaccinated. Everybody was
wearing massive stuff and it felt, it felt really good to be back, um, doing that again. Uh, and
then there was a variety show on Friday night, um, cabaret macabre, which went really, really well.
And, uh, yeah, so I dressed up for those events. So today I was like, you know what? I'm, I'm
casual tonight. Halloween is over for me. It was the weekend was the highlights there. That's for
sure. Um, and going to our chat because again, we do tape live at twitch.tv slash vog network,
where SSJ 100, Matt says to hosting gigs and you still have your voice. Yeah. I tried to keep it
under control this weekend, but I do feel like I'm an octave lower tonight than I usually am.
That's for sure. Um, speaking of spooky season, tech master, Loki, not here with us tonight,
as you can see. Uh, and for those in the podcast feed, he is not here tonight. Uh,
but he mentioned on a previous episode, he is still obligated to take the kids trick or treating
because it is Halloween. So, I mean, understandable. So he is out doing a family
stuff tonight on Halloween. We'll probably have a little bit of a shorter show tonight,
just because it is Halloween. That world series thing is going on that has a lot of people's
attention. My cat is over here in the kitchen screaming. So Lord knows what I hear him.
And he only does this. I swear you guys, he only does this when I'm doing a well are like,
or when I'm taking a shower, he'll sit, sit outside the bathroom door and screen.
So it's the song of his people, apparently my gosh. And he just ate too. What a
fat kitty. All right. Um, Midna has lost two pounds and is now in her healthy range.
So I have worked hard on her. Glad to hear it. Let me hear it. Cause
a chunky cat is not a healthy cat. I'm just saying actually, and actually believe it or not,
Mr. Smoosh is at the weight he needs to be. It's just, his species is a natural chonker.
Oh yeah. So yeah, no, that, that's a different thing just because of how he's built,
but like Midna being a little black cat, she is supposed to be, she, she has that,
that pouch and that's actually a genetic leftover. It's not, it's not chunkiness.
Um, but she's finally where she should be and she's got a lot more energy and she's happy.
Good, good. Sometimes she has too much energy. I miss Midna. I haven't seen her in a while.
I need to come over and play pinball. We're about to, we may be selling the shadow.
Oh no. We have Star Trek now. Oh fun. Good time. And of course, pinball machines for
those that are not aware that Dar Sakura and Hubby collect pinball machines. It's fun stuff.
They sure do. Um, okay. We'll talk a little more about our week off cause I know both you and I
went on a trip except different trips. So we'll talk a little bit about that in a bit. But I
thought, you know, since we are video games, let's get into our first topic tonight, which is kind of
covering really what we missed in that week that we were off because I feel like there was more
news last week than there was this week. We had some big headlines this week. We'll get into in a
minute, but there was a bit of news, um, last week while we were off. Um, so running through some of
the big headlines, uh, Metroid dread got that patch that we had been talking about on an earlier
show. Um, so patch 1.0 0.1 and Metroid dread is now out and it fixes that, uh, you know, kind of
broken thing that prevented people from beating the game, but it was coming off. It's fine. I
understand. Not everybody was really gonna hit that anyway. Um, also this kind of interesting,
uh, the Capcom arcade stadium. I don't know if you've checked, checked this out dark soccer,
but it's a great collection of old, uh, Capcom games. And so, uh, if you want to play the one
on switch, right? Yeah. Well, it's on all of them, but switch. Yeah. Yeah. If you don't,
if you don't want to buy games in bulk, they just, uh, released that you can buy each title
separately for $2. So if you only want Strider, you only have to pay the $2 for Strider, which is
kind of nice. So, um, or whatever it is that you want to get. Meanwhile, I bought all of the
bundles on switch before they did this. I want to see them do more like there's still more games.
I want to see them put out. So hopefully it's been doing well enough. This is a huge headline in the
blizzard universe and Overwatch. Um, you know, everybody knows that there was a lot of problems
at blizzard that have had to be worked out, um, in the past few months and are continuing to be
worked on. Um, but one of them was the fact that, uh, one of the characters, the cowboy character
in Overwatch was named after somebody with the company that proved to have a pretty problematic
past. So, uh, they had said they were going to rename this character and they announced the
new name last week. Uh, the character formerly known as McCree is now Cole Cassidy is the name
of that character. Um, and definitely, you know, butch Cassidy probably coming into play there.
But what I also think is really funny is that, um, the character of Ash voiced by O.L.R. fave
Jennifer Hale, uh, who, um, was added later on. Uh, I just think it's really funny that the
characters are Ash and Cole. Get it? Even though his name is spelled C O L E still it's Ash and
Cole. Ha ha ha ha. All right, forget it. What reference is this that I'm missing?
It's just Ash and Cole. Like, like they're both fire burning related things. I don't know.
Okay. I thought that it was like famous, like people.
No, well, the Cassidy part likely is, but that's, uh, yeah, that's it. Um,
Questbuster in chat also with another point there saying, if I recall correctly, uh, also with the
rename, Blizzard said they would stop naming characters in any of their games after real
people. You know what though? I, I, I actually, I don't know if I agree with that. And I know
that might sound surprising, especially, you know, considering this particular character, but like,
I know in world of Warcraft, they have named characters in tribute for some that have passed
away. Um, I also know some items have, uh, names from the real world. I mean, that's,
I don't know, maybe give or take, cause you never know where, you know, where those peoples are at,
but I think especially the ones that are named in memoriam, um, I would, I would like to see them
do that. Maybe they should amend it that they shouldn't name them after living employees or
something. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's the way to do it. Don't name them after living employees.
And I think that would be a better way to handle that. But I, I, I get like where they were going
with that for sure. I think this is a really interesting story. Hamster has filed a trademark
and yes, hamster is a game company. If you weren't already aware, and they're probably most
well known, I think they're the ones that do the arcade archives, which is a huge series, um, that
is on the Nintendo switch. And I think it's shows up on like PlayStation four, a lot of old arcade
games. Well, in the last week, they actually put out a trademark or they filed a trademark for
console archives. And I think this is really fascinating, especially if the Nintendo switch
is involved because essentially hamster. I mean, if you, if you're to jump to conclusions about
what this name means, which I don't know why you wouldn't, uh, this might mean that hamster is
putting together a third party virtual console. Wow. Of sorts. Um, you know, granted this could
include systems that are not represented on the Nintendo switch and that's probably where it's
going to end up. It couldn't, I know Konami has worked a lot with arcade archives. I think
turbo graphics 16 is a very, cause you know, Konami now that's one of the same. I think
there's a very likely place for turbo graphics things to end up, but there could be more than
just that. Um, I know SNK, although, you know, when it comes to the Neo Geo, I think pretty
much all the home stuff was the arcade stuff that was kind of the, the allure of that system.
I'm not sure what I'm not thinking of unless maybe, um, dark soccer, things like SNK pocket
and some of the things I know you followed a little more closely, maybe will be represented
here. I don't know. That would be nice. Yeah. So I don't think console archives is suddenly
going to mean things like Genesis, Nintendo and things like that. I just don't see it going that
way, especially on the switch. But I think the more obscure Japanese only type of stuff, there
actually could be a pretty cool market here. What if they started putting out like MSX and MSX too?
Like that would be rad. And I could see that happening from hamster. So, um, fingers crossed
that that's kind of where this going is really, um, bringing some of those more obscure titles
to light. So anyway, arcade archives has been running since March 3rd, 2017, 200 weeks of,
uh, systems. The last, uh, game they released was rally X, which, uh, I, I love that game.
That's one of the few games I have a perfect achievement list, 200 out of 200 on Xbox 360
was yeah. Right. The random rally X remake. I don't know why I love that game so much,
but I do. It's weird. I'll be the first one to get it. Yeah, it is. Um, let's see,
going to chat twitch.tv slash a VOG and network, uh, SSJ 100, Matt suggesting on the, uh, naming,
uh, after people named them after pets instead for blizzards. So we could have like a Mr. Smoosh
in the, I like that idea, the pets. All right. And again, what if you have a pet that's like
named after like a person and this is Walter. Yeah. The brave. Yeah. The kind of, um, some
comments on the, uh, uh, console archive story, dark Tetsuya says, sign me up for MSX stuff.
Right. Like I know we've had a year. I know we've kind of had the metal gear release on,
but it would be really nice to have these. Oh, holy fuck. Yes. Guard it. Although you can get
guardick on iPhone and guardick. Wasn't really a great game to say. But what if like we could
finally get guardian legend through this? I would be so excited even though that is an NES game,
but you never know. I still wish that that fan remake had been allowed to go through. That would
have been such a delight for sure. Um, quest buster and chat says, yay, more hamster retro.
I'm also keeping my fingers crossed on Japanese only classics. So many never made it here. And
yeah, I, you know, again, there's, it's a trademark. There's only so much we can do.
We can jump to conclusions, but I feel like with the arcade archives, like nothing was off limits
for hamster. If you really look at the, I mean, they've released 200 games. There's a lot of
obscure shit in there. Like let's be real. So like if they can do this for console games too,
I think it's going to be awesome. Like in kudos to them for, um, preserving, you know, these,
these, uh, obscure sometimes gaming history. Maybe they'll use dark soccer's classic game of the week
list on our Wiki as a guide of what we want to see. So you think we're going to get like puzzling
does, uh, miss nude world 96. If there's any justice, everybody move your body, move your
body. Okay. One of the greatest in jokes ever on this show is miss nude world 96. Yes. It is
an actual game. It plays just like kicks Q I X. If you remember that game place, just like that.
But instead of just filling in colored squares, you unlock a scantily clad woman. Cause you know,
games were like, really fucking, you know, sometimes they were really misogynistic in the
nineties. Yeah. Who doesn't, um, but then for whatever reason, sometimes the game would like,
you do something bad, I guess. And then suddenly it turns into a picture of a hell demon.
And it plays this really cheesy techno song in the background that goes, everybody move your body.
So I don't know if there's any clips on YouTube, but seriously look it up. It's, it's hilarious.
It's just, it's hilarious how ridiculous it is. It is a fucking ridiculous game,
but that's why we can't stop talking about it. All right. Dark Tetsuya is saying, I don't know,
the ESRB might not be kind to miss nude world. Okay. You know what they have to do?
Let me ESRB can bite my ass here. Here we go. They I'm going to refer to a really obscure news
story from this week. So going back to this week, I don't know if you guys heard, but there's,
there's a trailer out there for a really, and I'm going to be honest, the game looks like garbage.
It looks like a ripoff of super meat boy, quite frankly. Um, and it's called on the Nintendo
switch. It's called, I think it's called 20 women. Somebody in chat can correct me if you know what
I'm talking about. And basically by beating these crappy levels, you unlock pictures of
scantily clad women who are way wearing basically bathing suits that show off their big assets.
Okay. So there's that, but on the PlayStation, they were not able to release this game the same
way. So instead they made a game called 20 bunnies. And at the end of each level,
you unlock pictures of cute bunnies. They're not scant and clad or anything. They're just
cute bunnies, right? The bunnies are better. Now this game looks like fucking garbage,
so I'm not going to buy it just for pictures of bunnies, but to go back to miss world,
miss nude world 96. That is how you release the game is you do miss bunny 96
and that's how hamster can do it. Thank you. That's funny. Pixel pockets knew what I was
talking about. Turn the ladies into bunnies. Yes. Thank you. Tiger claw got the real name
of the game. It's called 20 ladies, not 20 women. Sorry about that. 20 ladies
and a links to a story that Nintendo life ran on the whole thing. So anyway,
quest buster and chat says cute bunnies for everyone, right? Pod culture says bunnies
aren't just cute likes everyone. Everybody suppose. All right. Anyway, where was I? Let
me go back to the headlines from last week. Cause I know I've missed some things here.
I accidentally closed the window. Um, getting back to it.
I have to log into my site again to see my headlines. Okay. Here we go.
Uh, fun times. Oh, um, RIP. We did love a radio. We did lose, um, uh, pixel artists from Namco,
very famous pixel artists. Hiroshi Ono passed away in the week that we were gone. Yeah. So,
I mean, I didn't mean that as a pun and I'm sorry I said it that way, but I meant,
Oh, no, legit. Yeah. So, yeah. Uh, sorry to hear about that loss. Um, that is unfortunate. And,
uh, also in the news, we have, uh, the next game from the Stardew Valley creator
is going to be haunted chocolatier. So that sounds like it could be very interesting. I wonder if
it'll be as chill as Stardew Valley is. I don't know when they're talking about haunted. I'm not
sure if it's really going to be chill, but we'll see. So those are some of the big headlines we
missed last week in the week that we were off. So speaking of the week we were off,
let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
I have to interject something. Sure. Go ahead.
Steve Buscemi just went Halloween. He dressed as his meme.
Uh, how do you do fellow kids? That one. Exactly. He dressed as his meme.
I love it. And handed out candy. Uh, I heard what's her name from the movie Midsommar,
which I know you love that movie Florence something. Uh, she dressed up as her character
for Midsommar for Halloween. I have to find pictures of that.
It's on Twitter somewhere. All right. Uh, let's get into our gaming weeks and with our gaming
weeks. Um, I figured we might talk about the trips a little bit because I know,
I don't know about you dark soccer, but I kind of played less games this week because I went
out of town for a few days, but, um, I don't know. Tell us, tell us about your trip and your gaming
week, dark soccer. So, yeah, I didn't really play a lot of games, although, um, of course the Monday
last I played, uh, uh, I tried to, I tried to keep up with my streaming and I did some dead
by daylight. Um, and I, I did not play Fantasian because the new content I thought was coming out
on that Tuesday and I was wrong. Um, so it's really was dead by daylight. Um, playing, uh,
word scapes, um, really not much of anything. I'm going to be starting at animal crossing again when
the new DLC is out. Um, and, uh, as expected, uh, JD did, uh, change our family plan. So I
have access to all the N64 stuff now and that's pretty fun. Um, I don't know if I'm going to play
anything yet, but I really have hardly had time to do anything. My, my cosplay is so half-assed
because I didn't have time to do anything. Um, I, I was in Alabama. Um, I didn't play any games in
Alabama. Um, uh, uh, Tiara and I went to go, uh, spend time with our mama son, Maggie. Um,
and we went to, uh, Barbara's, uh, Memorial, um, was really sweet. Um, there, there was a lot of
uncomfortable Christian stuff, but it's not my deal. Um, and there was this cute picture of,
uh, Barbara holding a lightsaber and I had never seen it. So it was,
I got to see some different pictures. Um, and, uh, then, uh, we caught up with some of her friends
and then they found out a big thing. You know, we had a commonality of liking electric light
orchestra and it was, it was, it was some random stuff. And then we went to olive garden, which is
fine dining for Mobile, Alabama. Um, well, there actually is, there's like a Ruth's Chris and some
other places that are nice, like the Admiral Sims and whatnot. But, um, but we went to olive garden
and had, had food and it was great. And Tiara and I stole the breadsticks.
Olive Garden is that place I really crave like once a year, like once a year, I'm like,
I want some fucking breadsticks and I want it now. We had, we had to keep upgrading our tables and
we were finally like, you know, we're just going to take this table over here and the stuff's like,
whatever. Sure. Um, and we had a really good time, you know, um, the happy times were happy.
We had some sad, you know, reminiscing. Um, my mother did manage to stick her foot in her
mouth when we had mom brunch, had her and Maggie for brunch with us. Um, and, uh, I was very happy
because, um, there were, there were many gays at brunch and it made me feel like I was at gay
brunch. So nice. And really good mimosas, just saying, of course. So is this place called the
August house. If anyone is in Mobile, Alabama, they're really expensive for their brunch,
but they are quite delightful. Um, we also went to this place called the cheese cottage,
which we just were like, we're going to the cheese cottage by name alone.
And it was really, really, really good. I mean, like you order a charcuterie boards and whatnot,
but they also had like really delicious sandwiches and there was a dude out there
playing guitar and he was really good, but he did the thing. He played wonder wall.
I saw this on like your Instagram or whatever. I put it on Tik TOK because that man turned himself
into a living meme. That's funny anyway. And we were singing with him. It was great. Um, but yeah,
I ended up spending, um, a good, uh, my, my, pretty much almost my whole Sunday with my mom
and I got to see my, my brother Phillip. And I finally got to meet my nephew Jackson
and Ashley was back from Afghanistan. She, um, she's army reserve, uh, medical.
And so she had just gotten back, I think like a few weeks before. Um, and then I got to see
uncle Billy and I got to see his wife, Kathy, and it was all just really nice. And Dan told
me I could pay for everybody. So that's the most I've ever paid for a meal. I'm just saying,
Oh, wow. Nice. Um, I learned something about me and my mother. I am truly her daughter.
When we went to the bar to order drinks, mom's like, I want an Amaretto and orange.
And I was like, I want an Amaretto sour. And mom's like, I've never had an Amaretto sour.
And I'm like, I've never had an Amaretto orange. So we switched drinks and actually really liked
them both. And I think this is just like some genetic taste thing that we like Amaretto and
citrusy things. So, cause we almost ordered exactly the same drink. Um, also never get an
Amaretto sour at Olive Garden. They are weak as fuck. Um, so, uh, Maggie had managed to get off
on Monday. So we spent, um, more of the time with her on Monday and then the rest of it was,
uh, me and Tiara left to our own devices. And then we, Tuesday, we drove back to Gulf port to
turn in the car and catch our flights home. Um, they had a problem with their, uh, flight coming
out and rearrange things in such a way that we had the same flight to Gulf port. Although, um,
I had upgraded my seats already to the comfort seats. So, you know, I, which I got, which was
great on the way back. Cause I, I had free Prosecco and I drink out of the bottle because
I'm a heathen. The picture is out there. Nice. But, um, you know, and actually I watched Twitch
streaming on my flight until we hit some turbulence and the internet got kind of wonky,
but I was on, I was watching people on Twitch. I was hanging out in a Le Pen stream for a little
bit and I think I was watching, um, yeah, I was watching Nick on the way over. I was like, Hey,
I'm in the air. Alan was doing the same thing as we were going down. I five, he was trying to
watch it would kind of go in and out, but he was trying to watch the Twitch streams. It's funny.
That's pretty funny, but I just thought it was funny doing it from the flight. And if I had been
on like, uh, my, my, uh, my Mac book, if, if I still had it, which I sold it, then, um, I,
it would have been, you know, really funny hike. Hi, I'm streaming from 35,000 feet,
but it wouldn't have been good enough for the way I do dead by daylight. Cause I'm a stadia player.
Um, but I mean, you know, it was, it was fun. It was, I had a great time, um, for the fun times
and, you know, we're really sad for the rest of it. And, uh, um, yeah, it was just, it was just
kind of weird being back because there was things that were familiar and things that weren't and I
kind of knew where I was. And it was just this weird sort of dichotomy of this is different.
This is exactly the same. Also a shout out to, uh, yellow hammer coffee, which is sort of like,
it's kind of like the same theory as our Dutch brothers. And they're really, really good,
but they're locally owned. Y'all are great. Yellow hammer coffee. If you were in Mobile,
Alabama, you need to go. Um, I was sad that I missed my friends. I was going to meet up with,
um, with empire, uh, another, uh, dead by daylight streamer. Um, and things just didn't work out.
Um, while I was downtown though, um, there was a barcade called game over. Apparently they closed
last year cause Tara and I were like, we're going to go and they were closed. They went out of
business. Um, but other, other than that, you know, it's a little farmer's market and did some
walking around and, you know, it was just, just kind of chill. Just kind of chill. Good. Good.
Yeah. All right. No gaming happened except for watching gamers.
So I guess I'll talk about my week a little bit. Um, so I also was on a trip, although a very
different sort of trip, Alan and I took a trip down to the LA area. Anybody from NorCal pretty
much calls everything south of the great vine LA. And that's really where we were all over
different places down there. And, um, uh, we went to Disney on the day that OLR would have
been. So Sunday, we went to Disneyland, um, which I hadn't been to in almost five years.
The last time Alan and I went was the year we got married. Um, so we hadn't been in a while. So,
um, it was nice. We got there pretty early. We got there like 15 minutes after opening
and we were by ourselves for a little bit cause the rest of our peeps weren't really meeting us
for a couple hours. Um, so we walked right on all the rides and wanted to do a DCA. So we got to do
like, you know, uh, the toy story midway mania, which is a game. So I played that
and got to see some of the other changes like in credit coaster. I hadn't been on that yet.
The guardians ride was good. Yeah. I liked in credit coaster. I was, I was totally fine with
the changes and the guardians ride was pretty good. I was ready to hate it because I love
tower terror, but they did a decent job with that. I liked it. Um, credit coaster was out when I went
after drag con 2019, but I went before galaxy's edge opened. Got it. Got it. Um, yeah. And so
we did get to cross over to Disney and then it got really crowded. Now I was with my pal Victoria,
who some of you might recognize from a show I've had off and on called shaking and crying.
And she is, you know, queen of Disney. And so she was able to get us, uh, on the queue. Cause it's
all through an app now. It's all a game in and of itself. She had to collect all our barcode numbers
and then you go on an app and that's how you get for rise of the resistance. So we did get to do
it. Um, she did a great job cause she, we only had to wait. Like I think she got in queue at noon. I
think it's the time to do it. And we got on that ride probably about two 30. So, uh, we didn't
have to wait too terribly long, all things considered. Um, so that was cool. And that's
like four rides in one. That was pretty amazing. So that was a neat ride. Um, so yeah, we had a
great Disney day, had a really good time. Um, around the trip, we got to do some other stuff
because Alan had never really spent time in Southern California outside of theme parks.
Um, we tried to meet up with kind of like you did. We tried to meet up with some Twitch streamers
while we were down there. Um, Nick, right. Yes. Yes. So I was going to say, um, you know, we,
we invited a few and, you know, people had other commitments or other things. I know it's always
weird too. And like people from the internet are like, hi, I know you from the internet. Do you
want to meet up? You know, and I totally get that, you know, it might be a little weird for some
people. It's fine, but it was nice that, um, we were able to make one of them work. So, um, Nick,
yeah, Nick and Prince, uh, who's a dead by daylight streamer. I'm sure we've rated in the
past long time ago before you were streaming Jamie and, uh, somebody I know you rate a lot
and I've rated too. Um, I was able to meet up with him. Uh, so we went, we met up in West Hollywood
at a cafe and just, just really just chatted, just talked about streaming a little bit and,
you know, dead by daylight and, you know, all the things you would expect, uh, some nerdy folks who
got together to talk about. So that was, that was really cool. I was nice to meet, um, a Twitch.
It was an interesting thing because, you know, having done OLR for nearly 20 years now,
it doesn't happen often, but it does happen where I meet people at conventions and stuff. And it's
kind of like, they're kind of like, it's so interesting to have watched you or mostly
listened to you for so many years. And I've never seen you for a long time before we had
the Twitch thing. It was like, I had no idea what you look like. It's interesting to see you and
just that whole, like, they're saying, you know, I've been listening to you for so long and now
I'm seeing you in person. It's always very flattering. Right. And all that, of course,
I don't take any of that for granted, but it was interesting. That was kind of the reverse scenario
where it was like, we were meeting Nick and I don't think Nick is super familiar with this
show. Like I know he knows you and I do it and stuff, but I don't expect he listens to it,
especially when he streams Sunday nights. Fans pop up in his chat though. But it was,
it was an interesting sort of reversal where it's like, Oh, I watched Nick a lot. Like,
you know, before I go to bed or something, you know, he's a late night streamer cause he's on
the West coast. I've watched many hours of him and now we're just hanging out in person. It was
a very interesting role reversal kind of thing. So it was, it was cool. Yeah. So, uh, but yeah,
I enjoyed it and I'm glad we got to hang out. So, um, I'm sure I'll be able to meet many more
Twitch streamers at TwitchCon next year. That's the goal anyway. Let's, let's make sure TwitchCon
happens and we're able to all hang out. So, but I mean, even with COVID and everything,
things are starting to come back. It's just precautions. You have to be back. Like, um,
I was able to host shows again this weekend. It was great. Um, and, uh, you know, we, but we had
mandatory vaccines and everybody still had to wear masks and I would hope by next fall, we're past
that, but we not might not be, but it's nice to know that TwitchCon could still happen with those.
So that would be, um, I really do want to do TwitchCon, Rob. I mean, I actually want to do
that more than DragonCon. Uh, well drag for me, DragonCon is really the big one every year, but,
um, I want to do about what, porque no los dos. That's, that's my perspective.
Because money and time off, just saying.
I get it. I get it. I get it. Uh, but I, I, I don't know. We'll see. We'll see what, uh,
ends up happening with TwitchCon and the ticket demand and all that stuff. So we'll see. Anyway,
um, as far as games that I played, yes, I did play a few games cause I streamed some Final Fantasy 14
in there somewhere. And I've still been playing that, trying to get all my characters to 80.
I'm still playing a little bit of Dead by Daylight. Um, and actually I did pick up a new
game this week. Um, so I want to talk a little bit about Pikmin Bloom because Pikmin Bloom just came
out really just a couple of days ago, I think on Thursday. And this is the latest game from Niantic,
who are the makers of Pokemon Go, Ingress. Uh, they chipped in with that Harry Potter
Wizards Unite game. Um, so this is kind of their latest offering and probably notable because it is,
uh, their only other offering with Nintendo next to Pokemon Go. So in a way it's kind of like the
sequel to Pokemon Go, I guess, or, but I shouldn't call it that cause it's a very different sort of
game. Um, so I really wasn't sure what to expect from Pikmin Bloom, but I have to admit, I find
that I'm into it more than I thought it would be because the weird thing is there isn't really
much of a game there or it doesn't seem to be, but it seems to be a really good like walking tracker
is what it really is. Um, and, uh, you know, interfaces with, um, Apple watch, Apple fitness,
as well as the Google equivalents to track the steps and where you're going. And, um,
as you're doing that, you start to ha very much uses the Pokemon Go eggs concept, which is how
you hatch new Pikmin. And then as you level up in the beginning, it seems like there's really
nothing, but as you level up more and more starts to unfold and you get to a point where you can
send the Pikmin off on expeditions to get fruit, which they bring back and you turn those into
petals and you use the petals to plant flowers. In the world, as you walk, when you turn it on,
see, I don't plant flowers at my house. I only plant because other people can see them.
So I only plant flower flowers at the park, but you turn that on and off, um, as you want to,
but I really think the most underrated feature of Pikmin Bloom is that it keeps like a journal
for you basically. And so at the end of the day, you'll get an alert about nine o'clock that says,
check out how your day went. And it'll track like, here's the steps that you got today.
Here's a random picture from your day. Tell me how you felt today. Make any notes that you want to
make about today. And, um, any postcards that you got from friends, because at some point the
Pikmin on the expeditions get postcards and you can send those to your friends. So like, I know
I sent one to Deft. I think I sent one to Deft. I'm pretty sure. Uh, and some other people that
are on my friends list as well. So, um, the only thing I think is a little weird is that you're
getting postcards from your friends who are all over the world, which is cool, but that doesn't
really then track the places you've been. So that's, um, a little bit interesting. Well,
then open your game Deft and send my Pikmin back by opening your postcard. No, it's all good. I
understand. Um, I was just reading a chat comment there where Deft said, I haven't opened Bloom
since Thursday. Um, is the game perfect? No, because, um, I still think I'm not sure what
the actual game is. I think there's still probably more to it as you go on. Um, the
microtransactions make no sense at all. I would never pay for any of that stuff that they're
offering. Um, and quite simply, honestly, if it's a free walking log and walking tracker,
I don't see the need to do that stuff. There's no competition. There's no scoreboard. There's no
territory control game. There's, there's no incentive to be competitive and to get
the competitive edge by buying the microtransaction stuff, which quite frankly, the number of coins
that you earn is laughable. If you think Pokemon go is bad, the number of coins you earn in Pikmin,
at least so far, we should remember it's the first release, but the number of coins you earn
in Pikmin Bloom is laughable. To put it in perspective, you get one coin when you plant
500 flowers. And that's not cumulative. You have to do it in one walk. Um, five, 500 flowers is
about the equivalent of one mile. I found you get one coin for planting flowers for one mile.
So think about that a little bit. I, so far, I think I've been doing a lot of walking.
The game has been incentivizing my walking a little bit. I'm up to six coins earned. Yay.
Yay. Exactly. I don't know what I'm going to buy with that. Not much. So I, I think there's still
a lot to work out with the microtransactions and why, why I would ever get those. Um, but I don't
know, maybe next week after I've played the game a little more, I'll have an answer for that.
Although I will say I'm up to like level 11, which is, you know, in just a few days, I,
I think I've done pretty good, but there are people on my friends list that are higher because
of course, of course I'm friends with a lot of other very hardcore geolocation game players.
And I've, I've talked about that on the show before, how I usually am going to check out
any AR geolocation game. And of course, Niantic is the cream of the crop,
despite how you feel about Pokemon Go or their other offerings. The reality is
other companies really aren't making those same type of games. Draconius Go ain't it.
Garfield Go really ain't it. So, you know, Niantic is, is on the leading edge of that stuff.
So anyway, I do recommend Pikmin Bloom so far as just a walking, you know, track your walking,
nice little journal type of thing, just a cute little way to incentivize your walks.
But I would say don't expect much more than what it is. And to be fair, I believe Nintendo and
Niantic have really said from the beginning, this is going to be a little bit less of a intense
game. This really is something that's kind of meant to encourage exploration and walking.
And I will say if that is the goal, they are, they are, it does encourage exploration and walking.
So I'll give it that. So, all right. SSU 100 Matt in chat says, I have a billion things tracking
my steps, so I'm good. While I'm not a Pikmin fan, I will give it a download. It really,
I'm not much of a Pikmin fan either. And I don't really see how it connects to the games at all,
except for the fact that they go off together to get fruit and they bring it back like that
is incorporated in a game, but it's not the same way that the actual Pikmin games work.
So I've never actually played a Pikmin game. It's very, well, and Pokemon Go
really isn't like the mainline Pokemon games really at all. You know, there's, there's,
I mean, the characters are the same, but that's about it. So it's interesting. Anyway,
so there you go. I did at least get to play one new game this week to talk to you guys about.
So there you go. My gaming week. All right. With that, I think we'll get into some gaming news.
Sound good, DarkSaga? I actually have a very offbeat question, Rob.
Go for it. Do you ever get people text you and they sign their texts?
Like they actually like put... Like it's a letter?
Love Rob or something at the end? Yeah. Something like that.
I have seen people sign their texts. That's ridiculous.
I see it more with work. And I don't know why that is, but usually it's coworkers I see it with.
With older people. Maybe it's a generation thing. I don't know. Maybe they think they
are writing letters. I don't know. But maybe they should also realize that we
know who they are and they don't need to sign a text.
Orin tried in chat says people just want to be formal and maybe it's that.
Well, screw that. All right.
That's just so, I mean, signing a work email is, is actually legitimate work etiquette.
Right. In a work email, the etiquette is
dear so-and-so or just so-and-so's name, body of text, sincerely or thank you or whatever so-and-so.
I've written emails. And that's in our style guide at my work.
That's fine. Because I've written emails to my team that go, hi, comma,
today can we, whatever is going on. I do this too.
If it's my team, I might be like sup team or hey team, but it always follows typical
letter structure because an email is closer to a written letter than it is to a text.
Right. Yeah, I get that. I get that.
It's just, it's like, it just is hit me because a couple of the sisters do it. And I'm just like,
top, I know it's you. We all know it's you. Everyone knows it's you.
Oh, is it like a group text thing? Is that why they're doing it?
It happened once in a group text, but there are people who do it one-on-one.
And I'm like, no, I know who you are. I know who you are.
Do you know who you are? Are you reminding yourself?
All right. Let's get into some gaming news. Love Rob. All right. Let's talk about the
PlayStation State of Play event that happened this week where they, you know, PlayStation did
their own kind of Nintendo Direct style thing where they showed some updates on news, but it
was a lot of third party stuff and not, I don't think there's really anything from here that was
like a huge, like no new Final Fantasy 16 trailer or anything like that. All right.
It was some more smaller and indie games, but that doesn't mean they're bad because there's
some really good stuff. For example, one of the games they were showing off was a game called
We Are OFK, which I think, correct me if I'm wrong chat, but isn't this the same group that
did Sayonara Wild Hearts that's putting this game together? Because if so, I'll play it just based
on that alone. It is a game that follows the pop band OFK and they are trying to navigate love,
friends, music, and so forth in their home setting of LA. And it's kind of a story centered game,
but also with kind of music involved there. So that is something that was featured in the
PlayStation State of Play event. And I think they released, or they mentioned the release for that
as well, just 2022. I don't think we saw anything beyond that. And Def says, as far as is it the
same people? I think it is. I'm not sure though. Some other games that were shown, Deathverse was
announced for the PlayStation 4 and 5. This is a follow-up to the free-to-play title, Let It Die.
Probably one of the two big things that was shown, Bugsnax, the Isle of Bugsnax,
excuse me, the Isle of Big Snax. It's hard to get straight there, but it's Bugsnax and Big Snax.
So it's kind of like a DLC, a big expansion for Bugsnax that's coming soon. A lot of people
excited to hear about a new Star Ocean. So if you're an RPG fan, that was probably a highlight
for you is that Star Ocean, The Divine Force is coming out in 2022. Darsaka, this might be up your
alley. King of Fighters 15. I don't know if you still follow that franchise, but King of Fighters
15 is coming for the PlayStation 4 and 5. And there's going to be an open beta test
from November 19th to the 22nd. And a new character was shown off. She looks pretty cool
called Dolores is her name. So you can check that out. And then one more game that was shown,
Little Devil Inside was shown with a new trailer. And honestly that was about it. But looking in
chat there, Quest Buster says the Star Ocean announcement was a big surprise. Yeah, I kind
of think that was the highlight for a lot of people, but I also know a lot of people that
really love their RPG games. Def says King of Fighters 15 looks amazing. Yeah. I mean,
I check it out, especially if there's going to be an open beta. We can kind of play for free.
I'd love to check it out. Oh, Def points out too in our chat that the open beta is the same weekend
as Pokemon Diamond and Pearl remakes are released. So yeah, well, November is always a busy month
and November literally starts tomorrow. And so the next few weeks are going to be, you know,
the big holiday releases are all for the next few weeks as we lead up to Black Friday and those
sales, you know, even with the pandemic and everything going on, it's still in the chip
shortages around the world still in the freight shortages in the harbor and all that stuff.
It still doesn't stop the holiday shopping spree. Yep. Def says Final Fantasy 14's expansion is that
same weekend. Yep. It's going to be a busy, busy time for me because, you know, you know,
I love me some Final Fantasy 14 and I will be checking out the latest expansion and Walker.
That's for sure. Anyway, so that is what you missed at State of Play or what you saw at
State of Play, depending on if you watched it or not. Let's go to Dark Sakura, I think has
other PlayStation news, right? I do. So they have formed a new label specifically for PC gaming.
In fact, some Steam users might've noticed that there were PC releases that switched from
PlayStation mobile to PlayStation PC LLC. And according to a corporation Wiki listing,
Sony Interactive Entertainment registered PlayStation PC in April this year from its
California headquarters. It's a bit more of a formality on there, but it's for doing,
for how they're releasing their PC ports, including so far Horizon Zero Dawn and Days Gone.
Mm-hmm. Looking also, it seems like they're also going to be doing Uncharted 4 and Uncharted Lost
Legacy and God of War is going to have a PC port as well. Sackboy, A Big Adventure may also be
coming to PC according to Steam's database and that they are still working on bringing out more
titles as they evaluate it. So I guess this is official. Yeah. And some people feel some sort
of way about the fact that these Sony exclusive games are now coming out for PC. So they're a
little less exclusive, but I don't know why people get really hung up on that. Number one,
none of these games have released same day and date. It's not like how Microsoft does it.
God of War, I think that was actually one of the announcements from the week we were gone as well.
That game is coming out January of 2022. That's years after the game first came out. We're not
talking about Ragnarok. We're talking about the reboot God of War game that came out some time
ago. So it's been years, even Days Gone was at least a year. A lot of these games are taking
their sweet time and coming to PC. So I don't think Sony fans should get too bent out of shape
about it. Plus the other thing to remember is that games that release on the PlayStation 5,
they are optimized for the PlayStation 5. When you take them to a PC, they're going to play
differently depending on the PC. Yes, some will run better. Probably not, unless you have a really
high end machine and you've been able to get one of those really uber graphics cards. You'll
probably get PlayStation 4 quality, but you're going to have to have a real, which some of you
do have a top of the line PC, I'm sure. And you will get PlayStation 5 quality out of your games,
but most people probably won't. So you'll still kind of get that better experience on PlayStation
5, unless you've really made an investment in your PC. Now, of course, PC games means
mods. That's exciting for a lot of people, but I think we also have to realize while, you know,
you and I that listen to the show, we might enjoy the occasional mod. Most people don't bother with
mods. So it's kind of a non-factor when it comes to, you know, releasing games on PC and so forth.
So, but you know what? I'm also, I can see where Sony, it is strategically smart for them to put
out something like God of War on PC to get more people into that series. And the other thing to
keep in mind about Steam, which is huge versus Sony's other reach is that Steam is in way more
countries than PlayStation officially is otherwise. So being able to play the games on PC may be the
only way in some countries for people to, I suppose, legally or affordably would probably
be the better word, play these games and something to consider as well. So Quest Buster in chat says,
can't wait for the God of War mod that turns Baldur into Thomas the Tank Engine. Yes. You,
you know, it's a nudie mods, topless mods, all of it, all of it will happen. It's always going
to happen. Of course, Thomas and Randy, the Macho Man Savage mod. Absolutely. Or should I say,
yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. All right. Um, moving on. Moving on. Let's talk about the latest in
Blizzard, which, um, you know, I've been saying on this show, fuck sake. I've been saying on
the show for weeks and weeks that, um, it has been X number of days since the letter from the ABK
employees has gone unresponded to. It should be noted that this week, most of it was addressed.
Um, you know, Bobby Kotick did put out another statement where, you know, he was like, oh,
I'm going to take a salary cut, although he's certainly not losing any of his investments.
So is he really taking a salary cut? However, him taking a salary cut, I don't think was in
the letter. What was in the letter were things like, um, ending arbitration for some of these,
types of disagreements that was finally agreed to. They will end forced arbitration for that.
Um, a commitment to diversity in hiring to get, um, and I forget the exact percentage. I'm sorry
guys, but something about a certain percentage of women, non-binary, you know, folks in the
workplace as well. Um, so Activision did make some more of those commitments. Um, you know,
you can, they didn't, they didn't do everything in the letter. Um, but you know, if you look at the,
ABK employee, you know, effort, Twitter, a better ABK, the Twitter account, they do, they do,
they did say today was a victory for us, but there's still more to do. Of course, this is,
this is something that's just going to magically disappear because, you know,
Activision agreed to some of the demands. It is ongoing, but it is, it is nice that finally
we have some resolution and there are, you know, um, for example, uh, I, there is still not a
unbiased company audit going in because the company that's doing the audit is what remembers
has, is tied to all those union busting, busting things. Talked about that on the show before.
Um, it's, it's, they're still involved with that. And so the employees do not consider that a win.
So there are still things that they are fighting for. Um, and I think that's important to point
out. So, um, now amongst all of this, a pretty huge headline this week out of blizzard, um,
BlizzCon line was scheduled to happen in early 2022, just like they did this year,
the virtual BlizzCon event in 2021. However, this week that event was canceled. There is not going
to be a BlizzCon 2022, and that is kind of a shocker, um, for, you know, uh, well, well,
I don't, is it a shocker? Maybe it's not. I kind of think it is. Um, but at the same time, I also
get that blizzard has a lot of polarizing things going on. Now, if you think about the last time
they had a BlizzCon in person, they had those protests going on outside. Remember? Because
that was right around the time that, um, they had banned the e-sports guy for saying free Hong Kong.
Remember all that stuff that was, that was leading into BlizzCon 2019. So now, not that
I'm saying they closed out of fear of protests or anything like that, but obviously with everything
going on, I think there was probably some concern about was, was it going to be as well received of
an event? Um, and I think it's also important to consider that Blizzard's been losing a lot of their
hardcore fans, um, from this news, from the, uh, I'll just, I'm sorry to say it this way, but I'm
just going to be candid. The failure of the World of Warcraft expansion. I don't know how else to
phrase it, but the World of Warcraft expansion went over like a poop. Like it's not winning
people over. People are going to new world, final fantasy 14, or just playing something else. World
of Warcraft is hemorrhaging players. And that was like the core audience of BlizzCon. And so you add
this, that into that. It's a danger. And here's the other thing to consider. And maybe Blizzard
had to consider this as well. What are they going to announce in early 2022?
What do they have to show? I hope not because I have friends that work there and I want to make
sure that they're still taken care of, but, um, I think the reality is Blizzard probably doesn't
have much to show. They might have an update on Diablo four. Um, they, I have a feeling
they're taking a real good look at World of Warcraft right now. And maybe I think we were
all expecting that a World of Warcraft expansion would be announced. Maybe they're going to push
that back a little bit because they have to take a good fucking hard look at that game right now and
where it's at. Because exactly whatever they do with the next expansion is likely their last
chance to salvage that game. So they're probably having to have a real long conversation about
that whole thing. Um, and the other thing to consider is that, you know, when it comes to
Blizzcon stuff, Blizzard could put out a press release tomorrow that says, Hey, StarCraft three
is coming in 2022 and everybody would be talking about it. Everybody would cover it. You know,
maybe that they've reached that point of Nintendo or Sony state of play or what have you, where it's
just like, you know what, we're just going to announce the news. We don't need to have this.
We don't need to have Metallica perform with the news, especially in an online only environment
when we're not still doing conventions. What if Metallica sang the news?
I'd be there for that. I'd be, I would totally be there for that.
I should point out Blizzard did note in the cancellation notice, uh, they're going to take
time to reimagine Blizzcon saying whatever the event looks like in the future, we would also
need to ensure that it feels as safe, welcoming and inclusive as possible. You might remember
some of that, uh, discussion about Blizzard was about the behavior of some of the employees at
Blizzcon and some of the things they were saying about cosplay entrance behind their back. And I
hate to say it, but the Cosby suite, which we all know was a problem. So that all also plays into
what they really have to look at with Blizz, Blizzcon and all of that. So I don't, I, so I,
I don't know. Like I'm kind of like, it is a bummer to see, I think when you really put your
brain to it, it makes sense why they're doing it. And maybe they just need to back burner it
until we're talking about coming. Here's the interesting thing. If Blizzcon, they wanted
to do it in person, they probably could. With precautions, of course, vaccinations,
mass not stuff, especially when we're talking about early next year, they probably could do
an in-person event if they wanted. But I understand why that's a lot of money. They're not wanting to
pony up right now with everything else going on. And maybe they just want to take a back seat
and see how drip feeding the information goes a little bit. And I think Blizzard has to ask
themselves the really hard question. How do we win our community back? Yeah.
I'm not even sure. It's going to take a lot. I really think it's going to take a lot. It's
going to take a lot. I'm not sure I have an easy answer for that. You know, um, listening,
listening to the employee demands, it's a start, but I think we also have to kind of see the
actions behind that, of course. And again, you know, with World of Warcraft, which was really
a community building game for them, with that really not taking off this last expansion,
they have to seriously reevaluate World of Warcraft. And I think.
I think there's a very good possibility the next direction may be a World of Warcraft two
or just a Warcraft four and taking that franchise in a completely new direction.
Um, but I don't know, but again, Blizzard takes so long to make games, which I understand,
you know, a good game takes a long time. But even if Blizzard were to think, okay,
we're going to start Warcraft four, we need to do a Warcraft four. Even if they like came out today
and said Warcraft four is happening, that game would not be out until 2026. Yeah. Let's be real.
Let's be real. Remember the Blizzcon? They got absolutely shit on destroyed for that Diablo three
mobile phone game. Don't you all have phones? That was Blizzcon 2018, right? Somebody in chat,
correct me if I'm wrong. Wasn't the mobile phone Diablo 2018. That game is still not out.
It's Blizzard takes. I almost feel like this is the thing Blizzard has to work on.
And it's such a weird thing to say, because I know that a good game takes time. It takes a
lot of work. Blizzard has to get faster at this. They, they, they, they cannot afford to be slow
right now. And I it's, it's, it's a shitty situation. I completely will say here and say
it's, it's a no win situation for them, but they have to put out something good and they have to
do it soon. If Diablo four is bad, I really fear for the future. And that's going to be very sad.
Anyway. All right, let's move on. Dark Sakura. How about a money story?
Well, it makes me want to go through my own collection officially now.
But there's another issue of a sealed Nintendo property that has gone for some money. This is
a copy of Super Mario Brothers two, known in Japan as Super Mario USA, which was also originally
doki-doki panic. And it sold its near mint inbox, everything. It was part of a, a estate sale
in Floyd's knobs, Indiana, and it sold for $88,000. So.
Now this wasn't related to all that other, like, remember that hour long YouTube expose
on the auctions and the game. This isn't related to that, right? I mean, I guess.
It was only $88,000 and not several million. So yes. Yeah.
Only $88,000.
So, um, pod culture says, Holy crap. That's right near me. Yeah. Small world, small world.
So, so dark soccer, you think you might have some, do you think you have anything
unopened in the vault? Oh, I know I do. Oh, wow. Okay. That could be interesting.
It's, um, we have a few more, like more some peace, some, uh, uh, like PS one or PS two,
like my copy of guitar room man was sealed for a long time. Cause I had a couple of them.
Um, none of my Ness or SNES stuff is, but I do have a couple of really good copies
with the box of like mighty final fight. Um, which goes for a decent bit. Now, um,
I have final fight guy in the box. It's not the original box, but I have the box and in certain
manual for a final fight guy. Um, I have Ninja Gaiden trilogy in the box, um, which goes for
a bit, a pretty penny. Um, if anyone wants to make me offers on these, by the way,
make me offers, cause we'll probably sell them now. We need to make some room and
I have things I want to buy. I think the only thing I have still see,
I have a sealed copy of like DDR X two or something like that with a dance mat.
In the studio for whatever random re I think, I don't know. I think I got, it was a promo or
something, but yeah, it's just funny. Remember when, remember what was that place called
that was like, um, on North gate by where I used to work. And it was like one of those
big warehouse stores, not like a big lots, but, but like a resale place. Oh yeah, yeah,
yeah. I know what you're talking about, but it's, it's, it's like a big lots. Yeah. And Dan and I
bought every single last copy of the first U S release of dance, dance revolution with the pad
so that we could sell them to our friends who were having trouble buying them. Yeah. Yeah.
And we got them dirt cheap and they were still fairly new.
And yeah, I, I remember that craziness, but we should have a note, see if it's worth anything.
I mean, shit, have an open, have an opening party. If it's not, you never know.
All right. Um, let's move on and talk about one of my least favorite companies in the world.
Probably my least favorite company in the world. Uh, Facebook, Facebook had a big, uh, event of
their own this week and they announced the big rebranding. So Facebook as the top level
organization is now going to be called Metta. And I think a lot of you guys heard about this
new name. So their new name is Metta. Um, which, um, I think they should apologize to Metta world
peace, who is the only person allowed to use that name. However, that's what they're going with.
So Metta is to Facebook. What kind of like alphabet is to Google in a way. So basically
like Metta is going to be the parent organization that, you know, Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp,
um, and all this, uh, Oculus basically are all going to roll up as separate companies under
Metta. So they're trying to create this illusion that they are separating the companies. Cause you
know, there's all this call for like breakup Facebook and all this stuff. Well, they're just
kind of throwing it all under this, uh, umbrella of Metta. Um, however, the one good news out of
this is with all of this change, uh, one of the Oculus quests, most, uh, controversial features
is going to be going away. Um, I'm not talking about the name, although that is apparently
changing too. The Oculus quest will now be the meta quest apparently is going to be a thing.
However, you're no longer going to need a Facebook account to use them. And that was one of the big
sticking points for a lot of people. I know, uh, our own Bobby Black Wolf here at VOG network,
who is a VR guru of many sorts. He would not get the new Oculus headsets because you had to have
a Facebook login to get in them. And it was really stupid because if you got banned on Facebook,
which we know it's really easy to end up in Facebook jail these days, you can, you can ask
certain friend of ours that are there that are Facebook jail frequent flyers. Okay. That if you
got banned from Facebook, you would basically get banned from Oculus and lose access to all of your
games, which is the stupidest thing I think I've ever heard. So, um, you know, cause people can
also get banned over their names. So what if you are somebody like me who uses a fake name
everywhere online, because you've had stalkers in the past that you do not want finding you online,
but Facebook feels the need to play God and make people go by their real names. Let's say I get
banned from Facebook because I refuse to use my real name. Then, then what I would lose all these
games and stuff, which is stupid. So thankfully the stupid rule is going to be changing and now
they will be. So apparently if you are a dick bag on the Oculus service, you could still lose
access to everything. However, that's a little more in line with steam and other shops. And I
get that that's fine. So I just don't think it should have been tied to Facebook. So, um, CTO
Andrew Boz Bozworth, uh, said we're working on new ways to log into quests that won't require
a Facebook account landing sometime next year. This is one of our highest priority areas of work
internally. So that's nice, I guess. Um, anyway, they, I just hope that they're changing cause
they knew how harmful their platform was and did jack shit about it. Cause they were making money.
Nothing is going to get me to go back to using that. And I only still have my messenger because
I have need for it. That's it. I said, well, messengers practically replaced email now,
which sucks. I don't like it, but it is what it is. You know, some of my conversations have
moved to signal though, which is nice, but there's still a signal because here's the reality. Here's
the reality. You guys all know I do these hosting gigs and stuff like that. All of those gigs that
I book are through Facebook messenger. If I stop using messenger, people are not going to offer
me gigs because they're not going to know how to get ahold of me because that is just the sad
reality of how the firm grip that Facebook as well as messenger and all that have on this society.
I mean, we talked about this. We talked about this a few weeks ago with the shutdown when,
you know, people were saying, don't joke about that because in other countries, WhatsApp is
their primary form of communication to which I'm sitting here going. It is absolutely valid to then
ask the question, why are they relying on WhatsApp? Don't tell me what I can and can't criticize.
Fuck you. Criticism is essential by the way, to any sort of change. Yes. And if something isn't good,
especially if it's something that you enjoy or love, you must always be critical of the
things that you love instead of taking them at face value. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely.
And that is, that is everything, you know, cause over the years, over the years, I've can't tell
you how many times I've heard, do you guys hate Nintendo? You guys are so critical of Nintendo,
especially Loki, always yells at Nintendo and all this stuff. And I'm like,
we're critical cause we love them. And I've used the top model story a hundred times. I
need a new analogy, but the reality, we are critical because we love them and we don't
understand some of these decisions. Sometimes we feel like it hinders their success. But then
again, look at the family plan. I thought, sorry, not the family plan, the expansion pack for
Nintendo online. I thought for sure, Oh, this is going to, this is going to be a big poop.
This is going to land like a thud. Nobody's going to get everybody's fucking getting it.
Everybody's fucking getting it because either they're on a family plan where one person wants
it, which I think is what happened to you, dark Sakura, or, um, people just have a moment of
weakness or whatever. They're like, Oh, I'll get it just to check it out. So this thing is going
to be a huge success for Nintendo. And it's just going to encourage them to make more questionable
value offerings in the future. Anyway, uh, go ahead. Some comments in chat, tiger con chat
says we're critical of Nintendo because they're going against the grain and not following what
everyone else is doing. But see, sometimes that can end up being a good thing. Like the Nintendo
directs and them stopping the traditional E3. You know what? That worked out real well for them.
The their wacky approach to hardware and what they did with the switch
is very different from what anyone else is doing and look how well it's worked out for them.
So sometimes they go against the grain. It's a really good thing. And I will still die on
the Hill that Nintendo is the best game maker in the business period. Nintendo just has this unique
position of creating their own hardware as the only place to play those games.
And some of the decisions that go along with that. Anyway, as Joe and Hunter Matt also points out,
the show has been critical of each major console maker at one point or another.
Folks weren't here during the PS3 era when we play show tunes when Sony put out ridiculous news
during that time. Absolutely. And Don Matrick announcing the Xbox one. Holy shit was that
year's worth of content. So we were critical of everybody when they deserve it. It's because we
love video games and we want to see the gaming companies do better. Well, see, that's the thing.
And I'm going to just go a little bit tangential on this. Sure. There are people who, when you're
critical about something, they're going to say, they're going to, you know, say, why are you a
hater? Blah, blah, blah. And women get this a lot when we try to bring up things that are done
against us. Oh, well, why do you hate men? Uh, no, I'm critical. That's, that's the difference
being critical. Just because somebody has a difference of opinion or says something
criticizing something else does not make them a hater. It makes them an intelligent human being
that understands the difference between being a hater and being critical is someone who's taking
and there's a difference also between like being a hater is just like, oh, well, I don't like Android.
I don't know why I just don't because they're, they're not my iPhone. You know, people like that,
that's hater. That's stupid. But when you're like, you know what, I have to say that I don't like
this, this and this feature on this device. And I think it could be improved on and made better.
You're not hating on it. You are being critical. Criticism and insulting or being just overtly
negative are two different things. They can sometimes sound alike, especially if there is
such a thing as being overly critical. Um, I prefer tactical, tactical criticism. And I know
we have bordered a little bit sometimes cause we do feel so strongly about these things, but
just because somebody has a difference of opinion than you and just because someone criticizes
something does not give you the right to tell them not to. Everybody around us has the right
to say whatever the goddamn fuck we want. End of story. That said, yes, there are consequences.
If someone wants to go out and be a racist piece of shit, well, if they get ostracized for it,
that's on them because they chose to say those words. But no one can tell another person what
to say and what not to say. We can only create the social contract that outlines what is generally
acceptable and what is not. If someone says, well, you can't say this about this group of people,
what they're telling you is that it's not socially acceptable to say those things because
they are hurtful. They will portray you as this or only people of this certain mindset would think
something like this. Um, typically you, if you give someone correction, critical correction,
then they'll be like, Oh, okay. If they're truly a good person, want to try to do better.
And then there's those assholes who will take it as a personal insult, right? Right. It's all
going back to criticism, going back to, uh, I'm a tactful isn't the quiet word that I'm looking
for, although being tactful is certainly better, but it goes back to an understanding of the
difference of knowing what's appropriate. Um, I have to get you a comment from Tiger
Claw in chat that I think is, is really right on, honestly, Tiger Claw on chat says you find
most haters on YouTube and they do it just because they can. And while I agree with Deft,
I agree with Deft who follows it up and says, you can find haters everywhere, even IRL. While
I do agree with that, there's something about YouTube and that culture that really
fosters that kind of hateful hater video and, uh, uh, culture and, and, and dark soccer,
you just said it, it's all about the clicks and this goes back to why Facebook is bad
because they exploit these things and the, the, the adrenaline rush that comes with hate,
they exploit that for clicks. Why do you think it's always these shitty political debates and
things that come up on Facebook? It's, it's all hate. And then yeah, these videos on YouTube
are really bad, you know, and it's, it's in gaming, it's in everywhere you look, but like,
you know, especially gaming, there's so many channels out there that are just hateful when
it comes to games. And that's why, that's why, and I've said, folks, I've said this for years.
If you're going to start a podcast, I always urge people, what's your theme? What's your brand?
What is it? Describe your show in one sentence. What's the tagline on the movie poster? If your
tagline is, oh, me and three of my friends, uh, sit around and talk shit about video games,
do not do that podcast. Stop. Maybe, maybe podcasting isn't for you actually until you
really reevaluate what it is you want to do, because I'm not going to download a fan podcast,
a fandom podcast, just hear someone talk shit all day. Yeah. And there are some podcasts and
why, why not? There's some long running podcasts that I feel live in this world of we're just here
to talk shit. It's old and it's pointless. Get a new hobby. No one wants to hear you
bitch the whole time. People may want to hear you bitch for a little bit. And I like to think
that we keep our bitching to an appropriate level of, of bitch-festing. If that's not a word it is
now. Um, but I also like to think, and it could also, I mean, I don't want to do like,
oh, the old mature gamer, get off my lawn, bullshit. But I think it also though does go
that we are adults. We are well, well-rounded adults for the most part. You know what I mean?
And we have experience in the communities that we're in and in our, this lifestyle that we're in
that we've seen the ebb and flow, and we've seen what different attitudes can have. And we know
that all we see is just cyclical, you know, we know politics are involved. We know it goes much
further than just, oh, I like this game and I don't like this game. And I think that for us,
because we know this, that's where we're better equipped to have these discussions and to know
the right way to criticize. Well, and to be fair, I think we have to still be careful to elevate
ourselves too much. There's a lot of podcasts that do get it right. That's why I was still
saying stuff. But I think that, well, I mean, it pretty much is that just because we know
these things doesn't make us any better than anybody else's opinion. It's just we can deliver
it. And I think that some of our younger people, or I'm even going to say even older people,
people who are susceptible to that sort of push that these social platforms have.
And I honestly think that, yeah, there are a lot of people out there who are that gullible and
will fall right into the trap because they are groomed to fall into that trap. And they let
themselves be groomed to fall into that trap. Taking that step back from it is difficult.
And I think that just us as people, we have gotten to the point where we can take a step back from
those environments, even though we have grown up with the advent of social media.
I got something in my eye. No, you're fine. But I hope that made sense. It's not sort of like a
self elevation sort of thing. It's more of an experience thing. It does. I get it. I get it.
And not everyone is going to have that perfect storm of experiences. It's going to teach them,
I need to disengage or I may be anonymous now, but some asshole is going to find me.
So before we get to the next segment, I never got around to this. No, no, you're fine. I think this
is actually a really good discussion. I think it's great. But I do need to mention at some point,
the other big headline out of the VR meta stuff is that the new CEO of all this, Zuckerberg,
announced that Grand Theft Auto San Andreas from the year 2004 will be getting a VR port for the
Oculus Quest, or excuse me, the meta Quest 2. I got to get used to this now. In the event,
Zuckerberg said, this new version of what I think is one of the greatest games ever made
will offer players an entirely new way to experience this iconic open world in virtual
reality. I'm really bummed out Loki's not here tonight to because, you know, you all know his
feelings on all these ports. So I'm really bummed out. We can't ask him about this tonight, but,
you know, we will next week at the top of the show when he's back. So I have nothing further
to say on this for now. It's, you know, I'm very much of the mindset that, like, you shouldn't
shove games in VR just because you can. But if they're making mindful, meaningful changes to it
to make VR really enhance the game, then I guess I would keep an open mind. But I don't know. I
feel like there's so many games I care more about in the immediate term than a port of Grand Theft
Auto San Andreas. You guys are lighting up chat. Some of you talking about the Resident Evil 4.
Questbuster says, I heard the Resident Evil 4 VR port is supposed to be really good. Well,
you know, if they if they actually went back, retooled it, made it something for VR,
then cool, that probably does really work. SSJ100Matt kind of going back to, you know,
the other discussion Dark Soccer and I were having saying, parts of the internet have given
every person a microphone. Give a billion people a megaphone, a large portion of those voices are
going to be trash. Best way to drown it out is with being positive, not contribute to that
nonsense and be part of an awesome community that is like minded and positive thinking, like VOG.
Thank you very much for that. Yes. But I, you know, there's lots of great
That warmed my cold heart. At least a degree. At least a degree. At least a degree.
All right. I think enough enough about VR and all of these newfangled games.
Let's go to an old favorite segment here in this next sequence here.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right, Dark Soccer, what did you pick tonight for the classic game of the week?
I tried to pick something scary that I haven't done before. So I picked Galerians.
I'm going to have to pay real quick just so you know, too. Sorry.
I guess. Leave me by myself. I see how it is. Anyway, Galerians came out in 1999
in Japan, August 26th, that is, in North America, March 29th, 2000, and in Europe, June 9th, 2000.
It is a survival horror game that was developed by Polygon Magic for PlayStation. You play as a
boy named Rion who discovers he has psychic powers. He also has amnesia. And as he learns who he is,
he learns that he is to survive against. He's going to help everyone survive against the
Galerians, which are these genetically enhanced humans. And there is a sequel, by the way.
Galerians Ash came out on PS2 a little while later. And it is one of the earliest survival
horror games. It was kind of compared to Resident Evil at the time. It has the whole tank control
thing where, you know, you hold up or down to move around, you know, but you have to readjust
your camera, you know, as you're going along. You also, it is a 3D game, had pre-rendered
backgrounds. And as you go through the games, you find items and clues and you use that to unlock
new areas and keep going around. But Galerians doesn't have any gun-based combat. It uses psychic
powers. So Rion has different powers. He has a telepathic sense to gain clues and do puzzles.
His offensive powers he get by taking drugs. Or as in the English version, PPEC,
psychic power enhancement chemicals, he's taking drugs. So each one of those vials
that you get is finite. So you have to conserve them. They have one to two second charge time.
And so you have to find the right interval to attack. Timing is everything.
So if you defeat an enemy with that, then they won't leave any items and you don't get
experience. So you're trying to avoid combat when you can. There are three gauges for status. One's
a health meter for damage. The other one is AP absorption points, which adds up as Rion takes
damage, uses his ability or under stress, kind of like a limit break. And it depletes as he uses
his powers. When the meter is full, he loses control of his powers and has a continuous
psychic assault power that will basically kill everybody except a boss in a single blow.
And it can be fatal to Rion if it goes unchecked. So anyway, it was a fairly interesting game.
It had a fairly interesting story. It also has to do with themes of AIs and things of,
you know, have you surpassed your creator and different things like that.
It was quite the interesting theme. And it was a very interesting spin for its time. It got fairly
decent, kind of middle of the road to good ratings. And then it actually had some others
that came apart from it. So there were two light novels that were written by Takiguchi Maki, came
out in 2000 and just talked about the details of the game. It was a CGI three-part OAV that came
out in 2002 called Galerians Rion. And it basically, again, follows the story. There's also
an art book called Galerians A-Head, as in A-H-E-A-D, not as a head, but A-head, that had preliminary
sketches, character stuff, box art, storyboards, general artwork from the games and the OVAs. It
was illustrated by Tajime Sho. So there you go. We only ever got the two games. By the way, the
distribution in Japan was by ASCII Entertainment and everywhere else in the world by Crave
Entertainment. And there you go. I'm unfamiliar with this game. It somehow was like never on my
radar, honestly. It was, I had friends who were really into it and then I had friends who were
like, what? So, yeah. All right. Yeah, it's a neat little game. Galerians Ash was really good.
All right. There you go. Well, there it is, your classic game of the week, a little bit spooky-ish.
Galerian is your classic game of the week. So, all right. I'll have to check that one out. Again,
it's not one I'm super familiar with, to be honest. So just never got around to that one.
Yeah. I just don't, I don't like the tank control type stuff. So I didn't play too far into it,
but when I played, I liked it. It was really fun exploding people's heads. All right. Kind of like
scanners. So we just have a little bit more for you before we get to the listener round table.
I did say at the top of the show, it's probably going to be a shorter show tonight. So if you do
want to call in or something, you can make your way over to Discord in our green room over at
vognetwork.com slash Discord. Even if you don't want to call in, I encourage you to join our
Discord. It doesn't everyone have a Discord now, but we have a community there where you can kind
of post stories throughout the week. We pull a lot of stories there for our show and talk to us.
And there's all sorts of different topics and fun things that go on Discord. So again, that's
vognetwork.com slash Discord. But before we do that, let's travel around the world and check out
some release dates. With Loki not here tonight, I'm going to try my best to take on the US dates
here tonight. So coming out this week on November, and here we go, we're getting into November. So
we got a lot of releases now. On the Nintendo Switch this week, on the second, we have Cupid
Parasite and World War Z. We also have Knockout City making its way to PlayStation 5 and the
Series X. I think that game was already out, because I know I've had friends that are trying
to get me to play it. But it's now coming out for the more, I guess, next gen or current gen,
depending on where your head is at, systems. On the fourth, I remember we talked about this before,
but A Boy and His Blob making its way to the Nintendo Switch. I believe this is a port of
that Wii version, which is a Wii-make, get it, of the original NES game, which was kind of an
underground kind of indie cultish kind of hit that never, no, it did get a sequel on the Game Boy,
I think, actually, if I remember right. So it's a very different kind of game. Just Dance 2022 is
out on everything, because those games always come out on everything. I think finally, though,
they have stopped making them for the Wii, and all systems older than that. But that is out this
week, so you can get the latest and greatest Just Dance game. Tales of Luminaria. This is the Tales
game for mobile. That is also out on the fourth. And a game called Where Cards Fall, a puzzle game
out for PC and Nintendo Switch. And then on the fifth, we have Call of Duty Vanguard is going to
be coming out on a variety of different systems and because it's a Call of Duty game. And then
the Kid A Amnesia exhibition, remember that random radio head thing? Apparently that is out
this week for Windows, Mac, and PS5 on the fifth of November. So that will be-
Remember, remember.
That's right.
Also, that's my mom's birthday.
Is it really?
Yeah, it is.
In the not too distant future, Forza Horizon 5 coming out on the ninth. But I think there
is an early access thing if you pay the extra money to get into the early access. I did not,
so I'll wait for the ninth. But I know Bobby said he always gives a lot of money for Forza
Horizon because it's his favorite series. So I think he gets in earlier in the week. But the
official release of that game is actually in next week's releases on November the ninth. Why don't
we hop over to the UK if we could while I get Japan's dates up, Dark Sakura?
Sure. And I will need an AFK after that.
That's fine.
So we have on November 2nd, we have World War Z Aftermath on Switch.
Further on the second, we have Astria Ascending for Switch and PlayStation,
Hell Let Loose on PlayStation and Xbox, Fortnite Minty Legends Pack on the three, the big three.
On the fourth, we have Just Dance 2022 on the big three, Call of Duty Vanguard on the fifth,
also the Nintendo Switch Lite Pokemon, Diaga and Palkia. We have Fast and Furious Spy Racers,
Rise of Shifter also on the fifth. And that looks like what it is.
All right.
Yes, that's fine. Let me go to the Japanese releases while Dark Sakura takes a break there.
So let's start on the Switch for Japan. We have Danganronpa Decadence is out this week.
So I know there's lots of people that are really hardcore into Danganronpa. I don't believe this
is a new game. I think it is a repackaging of the big three Danganronpa games, but it also has
Danganronpa S Ultimate Summer Camp, which is like an expanded version of the bonus content from
Danganronpa V3. So it sounds like it's really like a definitive Danganronpa collection that's
out in Japan this week for the Switch. Model debut to Nicola. I have no idea what that is,
but that is also out this week on the fourth. Of course, Just Dance 2022 also making its way
to Japan this week. And there's also the Pokemon Diaga and Palkia Nintendo Switches are out this
week in Japan. So that is also something to look forward to. And I think those are making their
way over here too. Just didn't show up in our release dates here, but that is all happening
November 5th because the redo of Diamond and Pearl are not that far away. So of course,
they want to get that special Switch out for those. Heading over to the PlayStation 5,
there's something called the Fortnite Minty Legends pack, and it is coming out in Japan.
I think there's versions of that that are also coming out in other territories,
but Japan can't escape the Fortnite stuff either. I'm sure it's probably not as big a deal there,
but they are releasing that. And then the other big release in the PlayStation 5 this week,
of course, Call of Duty Vanguard also releasing in Japan. All right, I'm going to the chat over
at twitch.tv slash vog network. S2100 Matt says, how many versions of the Pokemon game is Shane
buying is the real question? I'm guessing four. Last I checked with Shane, and if he's out there,
he can speak for himself, but the remakes are not landing for him the same way the Arceus Legends
stuff is. So that is, I think, what he's really looking forward to. I don't think he planned.
I think he'll buy probably at least one, but I don't think you're going to see him buy like
eight copies. I think he's passed that for these remakes. So and I don't know if he was getting
the actual Pokemon switches, so we'll have him back on the show to ask. I have M&Ms. Lucky. All
right, let's move on. Don't eat on air. Meet yourself. All right, let's go to I needed chocolate.
Let's go to one more story here, and then we'll get to some emails and maybe some calls. And this
story has to do with, get this, another Super Smash Brothers kind of clone is on its way. And
this is coming from Warner Brothers, apparently, is going to be putting this one out. And it's
coming from basically a leak that's online. It looks like it's a free-to-play title, and they
are saying it kind of looks cheap with this. And with this game, some characters have already been
spotted. There's a screenshot out there which really kind of lends credit to this is probably
true. Like Rick on there. Yeah, Rick from Rick and Morty, Tom from Tom and Jerry, Bugs Bunny's there,
Superman. Where are the Warner Brothers and the Warner Sister dot? Well, this is only one
screenshot. So the Warner Brothers and the Warner Sister dot could be on their way. It could be DLC,
but it's just it's interesting to see this, especially right after this Nickelodeon thing
had just come out. And it's kind of making the waves that it's making is that now we have the
this other one coming. Now, while we are in chat says you get what you pay for. Possibly. It sounds
like that could be the case with this as it is free to play. But it is still rumor. It's
unconfirmed. But the screenshot is is pretty. I mean, it does not look like a bunch of copy
pasted images together because it looks like these characters have all been rendered in a similar way
for this game. And I think that's what makes it very compelling evidence. I guess it could be a
fan thing at the end of the day, but it's looking it's looking like there's a little smoke here and
there's probably fire. So we'll see when this possibly comes to fruition with that. Let's get
to you guys and your feedback. We can do some comments. We don't as well know. Of course,
we have to. We have to get to the emails. Participate at Orange Lounge. Radio dot com is
the place to send your emails every week. Of course, you can also join our green room over
at Vogue Network dot com slash discord. I know there's about half the audience here tonight.
There usually is just between Halloween and World Series and all this other stuff. There's just a
lot going on today. Probably be a lot of podcast folks. You can email us anytime. Of course,
participate at Orange Lounge Radio dot com. Let's get to email Stark Sakura.
OK, so first email is back from the 22nd.
A new entry would be preferable, of course, but has Rockstar released a 2D trilogy,
remaster of Grand Theft Auto, GTA London and GTA 2? And that's from Robert M. I don't know.
I don't think so. I think it's been a while. They did release, re-release them at one point.
And I think it might have been like a preorder bonus or something for one of them newer GTA
games. But I don't think we visited those games in a while. There was also the 3DS question mark
Grand Theft Auto game that was more inspired by the it was Chinatown Wars was the name of it.
And it was more inspired by the classic Grand Theft Auto games. But it wasn't really a remake
either. So. All right. All right. So we have one more email. It's from YYR, so it's a long one.
Hello, LR. Once again, I was catching up on slightly older episodes and felt the need
to chime in. Thanks for giving me an extra week to catch up. He he.
During the action packed three hour episode from October 10th, it was mentioned that direct credit
card payments will no longer be allowed for digital purposes on PS3 and Vita. It was speculated
that this might just might be the beginning of the actual end for those stores. Well, as someone
who just purchased a bunch of stuff on Vita this month, I can tell you that it's already barely
working in order to download any of my Vita purchases or transfer them to Vita from PS3.
I had to mash the download button many times before it would work. Most of those times it
would error out with a nonsense error messaging code. There were posts about this all over the
Internet, but I doubt they'll fix it because why would they? I'm probably the only one who still
buying Vita games anyway. I don't think you're alone, but it's not a lot of people.
I will mention that Microsoft is not entirely off the hook for things like this. Just try performing
a license transfer on your Xbox 360. In the likely event that you get an error, you're basically
screwed. Enjoy reading all of the posts from other frustrated users trying to get answers from MS
as to why it's busted and when or if it will work again. So the new achievement system for
the Epic Games Store was mentioned. Let me tell you, this is the most half-assed broken
garbage achievement system I've ever seen because we've seen many times over the last 15 years that
a game will come out with achievements and trophies and then it will get DLC and then
more achievements or trophies are added. Well, guess what? On Epic Store, this is not possible
at all. Their new achievement system comes with three mandates. All achievements will be
associated with a point value. The number of points must sum up to a total of 1,000. No more,
no less. Once the achievements go live, they cannot be altered in any way. So next year,
I'm going to be releasing my expansion for Super Multitasking. I'm going to be changing some
existing achievements to make them more easily obtainable and I'm going to be adding new ones.
If I was on the Epic Games Store, this would not be possible. I bet you're going to see a number
of developers choose not to bother rather than risk being locked into something forever. It's
stupid. It sucks and I hate it. On the plus side, my ears perked up when you mentioned Konami's
contest for indie developers to revive some of their dormant franchises. On the minus side,
I'm disqualified. In order to be eligible, you must live in Japan. So I apologize, but you won't
be seeing a new version of Gyruss for me anytime soon. You know what else you won't be seeing from
me? A Pixel Poops E-Football crossover. Don't worry, you're better off. The collision detection
would have been broken and the jogger's AI would have been busted too. Have you ever seen a jogger
that forgot how to jog? Be glad that you never will. Anyway, thanks for the show and have a
fantastic week. Hugs, Aaron YYR. Great email, YYR. Yeah, I guess we overlooked a pretty,
pretty obvious point there in the contest that, yeah, in order to win a Japanese contest,
you probably have to be from Japan. Obviously, I never expected you were really going to enter
in anyway, but it's fun to imagine, isn't it? Very interesting on the Epic achievement fronts. I had
no idea it was that like ridiculous, especially when they're catching up. You know, in a related
ish kind of story, there was some rumors and I didn't put them in the show world, but I guess
we'll bring it up here. Nintendo may actually be finally looking at doing achievements.
And this is from some stuff that I think I, it was data mined somewhere, I think in the latest
firmware update and a heavy rumor that Splatoon 3 may be the first game with them. And that,
I guess it ties in maybe the way Nintendo has been doing mobile achievements, but I haven't been
really paying attention to a lot of Nintendo mobile titles. So I haven't really seen how
this works, but it's interesting. Nintendo's looking at it too. And I hope it's not as crappy
as what Epic is doing, which really sounds copy pasted from the Xbox 360.
But the Xbox 360 was before so many people were doing DLC. You know, like I remember 360,
everything was capped at a thousand, everything had to add up to a thousand, but there were some
exceptions. Like I think all the DLC for Oblivion got to add some extra achievements and stuff, but
like, I just, yeah, it's, I feel like that was not the thing to copy.
It'll be interesting to see how that plays out. I wonder if PlayStation 3, oh, you know,
PlayStation 3 trophies could be updated because I remember DLC would add like a little plus sign
and it would almost treat it like a different game. But yeah, it just seems like something's
a little bit backwards and old with what is happening. I don't know. YYR in chat says,
maybe Splatoon 3 has its own achievement system that just works within the game itself.
I think some Switch games do that. Oh, certainly that could be there,
but keep in mind, Splatoon 3 is nowhere near being out. People are peeking under the hood
at the firmware and seeing indications of it there. And so that's why it seems to be something
that's not constrained just to the game. Animal Crossing they're saying is also kind of rumored
for this, which is weird because most people have already kind of come and gone from Animal Crossing,
but not to say they couldn't retroactively add things. It could be interesting.
I think achievements for the classic NES games would be something,
but I don't ever see Nintendo putting the effort into it. So we'll see.
Congratulations. You cheated at Contra.
Yeah. I like that. All right. Any more emails?
No.
Okay. Participate at Orangelaunchradio.com if you want to send us a future email.
Um, we're about to wrap up, but we usually do last minute stories here.
Loki's not here to do any last minute stories, but the chat room jumping in here with a last
minute story. This one's, um, could be a big one. As Joe and Hunter Matt linked us to this one,
the headline, and this is from Sega's websites and from their Japanese website, sega.co.jp.
Sega and Microsoft to explore a strategic alliance to create new strategic titles for Sega
and established a next generation development environment.
So strategic.
Now that's now for all the hubaloo where people were saying Microsoft needs to buy Sega.
It doesn't seem like that's happening, but this is very interesting. Let's move on.
I guess I can read this word for word because it's an official press release.
Sega and Microsoft have agreed in principle, a strategic alliance that explores ways for
Sega to produce large scale global games in a next generation development environment
built on Microsoft's Azure cloud platform. This alliance would form a key part of Sega's
mid to longterm strategy, allowing the business to move forward with super game,
a new initiative for developing new and innovative titles where the key focuses are global online
community and IP utilization. With the world now more connected than ever following the
widespread deployment of 5g and cloud services in recent years, consumers can more easily enjoy
high quality entertainment content at any time within this high connected environment,
the ecosystem surrounding the games industry continues to evolve and expand as more
sophisticated tools and technology become available. As such, video games continue to
grow as a major medium for gamers globally with access to a vast range of gaming experiences and
communities becoming more diverse and attainable. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Here we go.
The proposed alliance represents Sega looking ahead and by working with Microsoft to anticipate
such trends as they accelerate further in future, the global is to optimize development processes
and continue to bring high quality experiences to players using Azure cloud technologies.
Microsoft and Sega have agreed upon the foundation for this alliance and through mutual cooperation
will look to build further technological evolutions with areas such as the network
infrastructure and communication tools required for global online services being a key priority.
Additionally, by shifting to a next generation development platform,
Sega can effectively adapt to diversifying work styles and potential infrastructural changes.
Interesting. Because nowhere in that do I see the word Xbox.
So, it doesn't seem like, and I think there will be people that read into this that say,
oh, Sega's going to do exclusive Xbox games. That might be a conclusion jumping to, but when I hear
the Azure cloud stuff too, that could really just be, you know, Sega, it really sounds like
Phantasy Star Online 2 has done pretty well and they're probably, because, you know, you talk
about the online experience, it sounds like Sega may be developing something else in the online
space. They're going to use Microsoft's technology to help them out. I just wish we would get like
another dedicated console again. Right. YYRS says what do these Azure powered games even look like?
Stuff like Flight Simulator maybe? Maybe. That's actually not a bad call because I think Flight
Simulator is powered in part by the cloud and how they get a lot of that real time weather and all
of that information. So, maybe Sega's looking at doing something, you know, of that sort of scope
and it's probably something we don't know of. Of course, it's something we don't know of, but I
mean like maybe not an existing franchise. So, I don't think I would read into this. It means,
oh, it means Yakuza or it means Sonic or anything like that or Phantasy Star even.
It could be something new that Sega's up to. I don't know. S.G.O. 100 Matt says so I'm reading
this as Microsoft is giving them dev tools for free in exchange for something. Whatever that
something is, we'll see in a few years. It's very possible Microsoft is going to be given an
exclusive window for Sega's next big game and that could be a huge deal because when I see Azure
Cloud, it ain't going to be for Nintendo. So, the switch is out. So, that means that Sega, you know,
and obviously Microsoft's Achilles heel is Japan and the Japanese market. We've known this for a
long time. They need an alliance like this. I don't think this is alliance as much as some
people may think it is, but it's a start. So, it'll be very interesting. We'll see what develops
from this. Thank you for the share. Definitely very interesting. It is. It is. All right. What's
this thing about an epic store? What, the other link that was in chat there? Yeah.
Oh, it's a new character for Fortnite or a character set for Fortnite. I heard Fortnite's
going to close in China. That was another headline I had scrolled by earlier. I guess something about
some, you know, all the crackdowns that's happening with gaming there is going to affect Fortnite in
China. It's interesting. There's actually another one just for the ones who do the Roblox thing.
Apparently, they were out for three days and now Roblox is back up. Yeah. Roblox. I figure there's
not a lot of our audience that plays that, but yeah, they were down for a little while.
Well, now there's like some horror games also available on Xbox Game Pass right now.
Yeah, I think there's some of the websites are just highlighting games. I don't think there's
anything new. I think that's for blood is on there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of cool.
Quest Buster, I think with a really interesting perspective on the Microsoft Sega thing. Imagine
leveraging that technology for their subsidiary studios, like for Creative Assembly and its Total
War series. Very interesting thought. Tiger Claw says, who knows what this alliance will lead to?
Microsoft buys Sega. I think that's very premature. In fact, I think a headline like this
actually pulls away from that because I think a headline like this shows no, Microsoft's not
buying Sega, but they are going to have a partnership. I think that's a very different
thing. So I actually, Tiger Claw, I completely see how you jump to that conclusion. And I bet
many YouTubes and many tweets and many podcasts you listen to are going to jump to that conclusion.
But I think this actually distances it from an actual purchase. I think we get the agreement
and that's what it is and not an actual purchase or anything. And I think that it would be
financially unwise for Microsoft to acquire Sega in that manner, because I think Sega on its own
would be more profitable as a partner than as a subsidiary.
Deft in chat on the Fortnite thing is bringing some perspective to the new character. It's not
just any character. It is a Mexican TV character that is turning 51 years old. El Chapulin,
Colorado is coming to Fortnite. And of course, Deft being our official ambassador to the country
of Mexico here at OLR. And I mean that because I always appreciate hearing his perspective from
in Mexico. Obviously, that's a pretty cool deal to see some of that representation in the game.
That's pretty cool. That's really cool. Yeah. All right. The Crimson Grasshopper. I think that's
going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio. Thank you so much for tuning into
our show, especially when we were gone last week. And I know it's been a shorter show tonight,
but you guys know it's just the way it played out. But we'll be back next week. Everybody will
be here. Good long power outages notwithstanding. Knock on wood, but we should be past all that.
Hopefully, we will be back to do it all again. Thank you guys for downloading our show or
listening to us live. However you participated. If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange
Launch Radio, help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but we need the voices to be here in chat. So tell a friend or two about the show. A nice
five star review on a site like iTunes or wherever it is you found the show. We're going off a long
way. Sharing the Spotify link on social media or whatever it is. All that stuff is greatly
appreciated. If you feel so inclined, we have a shop with merch and you can check that out
at vognetwork.com slash shop. You can pick yourself up a OLRT shirt or a VOG Network shirt or
whatever it is you want to pick up there. That is there as well. And I think that's about all I have
to say. I think it's time to get our final thoughts. Dark Soccer, I'll go to you because I
know you want to get out of here and get set up for your stream. So what's your final thought
tonight? Um, my final thought is I probably shouldn't have eaten this candy. And I got
to put that hot jacket back on in a few, but I'll probably do it partly into my stream.
All right. Trick or treat. I'm starting early tonight. So who knows what's going to happen?
Who knows? Anything's possible. All right, Dark Soccer. We'll see you later. Thanks for being
here. Anything can happen on Halloween. I love that. Good night. Take care. You too. Good night.
Uh, and then for my final thought tonight, I guess I would say, um, I'm all by myself now.
That's a little weird, but I would just say. All by myself. I had to do it, Rob. All right. All
right. Um, I don't know what else to say. Thank you. Thank you for being here. And, uh, I had
some great times hosting over the weekend and I'm looking forward to doing more of that in 2022.
Hopefully more conventions as well. Hopefully we see the world get a little more back to normal
so we can do that kind of stuff. And, uh, that's, that's all I got. We're going to see you again in
seven days. You guys have a great night, everybody. We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge
Radio. Good night. You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is
a production of OLR Studios. To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights
at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not
necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they
were all still true. See you next week.
Welcome back!
