Sony might be ushering in a new normal of direct sales and delivery with their announcement
that they will be handing out golden tickets to players allowed to purchase a PS5.
The unstated goal of this is to link purchases to unique players and keep machines out of
the hands of scalpers, since supply is chronically short as it is.
But will retailers feel slighted anyway?
Yeah, pretty likely.
This is one story in a varied night, now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers
and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right
now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends, out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are back once again with episode number 888 of our
show for tonight, October the 17th of 2021.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm going to do a rushed intro here.
My co-hosts DarkSakura are Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, and Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hello, we're getting a little bit of a late start tonight.
For the folks on the podcast feed, it's a normal week, whatever.
For those that are watching live tonight, we're getting a little bit of a late start.
It's actually closer to 6.35 Pacific time where we're located, 9.35 for those of you
on the East Coast.
We do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash
vog network, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Usually we start about 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern.
But what happened is right about 5.45 our time, I got hit with a power outage here at
OLR headquarters where we used to gather in person before the pandemic and all that stuff.
And obviously since the broadcasting stuff is here, if there's no power, we can't do
a show.
So I hastily tried to text Bobby and let him know what was going on.
Usually I would try to watch, but the cell tower I think got taken out too because my
signal was terrible.
So that part was really unfortunate, but we got through it.
We're here now.
We're just a little delayed.
So thank you very much to our pal Bobby Black Wolf who was coming back from being gone due
to a medical thing for the past couple of weeks and ended up doing a jumbo show tonight.
So thank you Bobby for vamping a little bit for us.
And I'm glad we all could be here and actually do a show.
And hi to everybody in chat.
Shehulk10 in chat says, better late than never.
Yes, I suppose that is the case.
Or as the Golden Girls say, better late than pregnant.
So there you go.
Anyhow, also, I also noticed just now in our chat live, they just hit that goal for Orange
Lounge Foodio.
So guess what, guys?
We get to do a special episode all about food and we'll do that in the coming weeks.
You guys hit that a lot sooner than we expected it to happen.
So that show is actually probably going to happen in early mid-November just because
there's a lot of stuff going on and we're not going to be here.
We're definitely not going to be here next week.
I am not going to be here because I am going to LA.
Dark Soccer is also going out of town.
And I can talk about it.
Okay.
I don't want to put you on the spot, but if you're volunteering, please talk about it.
So last week, I'm sure a lot of you know that I was talking about doing a marathon to raise
money for my friend Barbara's GoFundMe.
She'd just been diagnosed with cancer, just started chemotherapy.
And partway through the marathon, which was on Monday, I did get a message from her wife,
her partner, that she died.
She was going into the hospital for sepsis as a reaction to the chemotherapy.
It had to do with the immunosuppressants, but she died.
And I was like, well, do you need me to call?
Do you need me to do anything?
I'd like to be there for you.
And she's like, nope, keep doing the marathon.
We now need the money to pay for the funeral.
And I'm just, I'm floored about it.
And so Tiara and I, which I'm sure some of our long-term listeners here know Tiara, and
Maggie actually did sing something that we played on the show.
She did a cover of Bang Bang.
People more know it maybe from Kill Bill.
Yeah, that's like the early OLR years, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So we're going out to see her and to be there for the memorial.
We're both doing a Thursday night red-eye and hoping to make a memorial on time.
But I'm super depressed.
Barbara was my papa's son and Maggie is my mama's son, and they both mean the universe
to me and Barbara went really, really fast.
And I suppose there's the part of me that's trying to be all logical and say it was better
fast than long and drawn out and painful.
And at the same time, Barbara was a fighter and I expected, I don't know what I expected
really because life is completely stupid.
It just happens.
It happens when you don't expect it.
And which just makes me all the more want to tell our listeners, my friends, everybody,
how much I love all of you and that the world is a great place to have you in it.
And well, yeah, fuck cancer.
Fuck it.
It's terrible.
And I logically know there will never be a cure for it because cancer in and of itself
is a series of mutations.
That's not going to happen, but I would encourage everybody if you can find
a reputable charity that's doing actual cancer research and not just merchandising stuff,
donate.
And I didn't want to use the show for this, but if you can spare something for my friend's
funeral expenses, talk to me offline and I'll let you know.
And it's fine.
I don't think anyone cares that you're using the show for that because anyone that's talked
to you for a reasonable length of time, especially right after you moved here from Alabama knows
how important these folks were to you.
So I'm truly sorry that this happened.
And yeah, it certainly puts a lot in perspective of a silly power outage delaying our show,
but there's much bigger things and you're right.
When something like this happens, it happens.
And there's just not a lot we can do sometimes.
So thank you.
Thank you for sharing the story with us and the marathon, at least when I was finally
able to see it.
So I guess trying to go back to less difficult topics that the power outage thing tonight
was especially frustrating because Monday when you were doing your marathon, we had
a power outage here again.
And I don't know why all of a sudden there's all these power outages.
Somebody on Twitter had asked me, oh, is it because California, it has nothing to do with
what you're hearing in the media about wildfires and all that stuff.
That's another company, PG&E, that doesn't service where we are in Sacramento.
Sacramento has their own utility and it's nothing to do with any of that.
I really don't know why all of a sudden power outages are a problem this week.
I think it is weather related because Monday we did have a really bad windstorm and now
it's windy outside again tonight and rain is supposed to come in.
So I think it's just because the last nine months, 10 months have been so dry, it's causing
the windstorm to knock more stuff over.
And I think, you know, you just you had to happen in one area on Monday and you had to
happen here tonight.
But when I was trying to participate in Dark Soccer Marathon, we lost power for it was
from noon until 1030.
So we were out of power for 10 hours.
So that means our food in the fridge after we had just gone to Costco had to replace
it.
That's not irritating or anything.
And yes, I know there's ways to get insurance and stuff, but it's still the process is still
a pain in the ass.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Well, it's life in a hurricane.
Yeah.
Right.
Right.
But seriously, no.
We would keep multiple coolers on hand and buy all the ice just for stuff like that.
But I remind people of this a lot, you know, especially, you know, because I hear it a
lot when it does rain here in California.
Everybody from back east will say that's not a rainstorm.
That's nothing.
You don't know what real rain is.
Well, I know.
I know.
But the problem is, is that it's not it's not built out here for that.
And that's that's what it is, because the weather is a certain way out here that places
not built that way.
It's the same reason you don't see brick homes here, because earthquakes can happen in California.
So we don't have brick homes like like it's just things are built a certain way because
of whatever natural disasters are tending to occur.
So we're not set up for these hurricanes and multiple power outages.
You know about the story of Disney World, right?
Which one?
They tried to build they tried to build Disney World like Disneyland.
And it mildewed and started falling apart because of the humidity.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So when I moved out here and I saw how things were constructed, I'm like, excuse me.
What?
No.
Weather's going to sneeze and this will all fall over.
And then like, I wouldn't go out on a wooden balcony for like three years after I moved
out here.
Sure, sure.
But now.
Yeah.
But now it's like, well, that's just it works here.
It's fine.
We don't until, you know, the last 10 years or so as climate change has been having its
impact.
Those sorts of things are whatever.
But anyway, we could go down a very big rabbit hole there.
We're already getting a late start tonight.
So I suppose we should shift the topic to something that often takes our minds off of
things and the other bad things going on in the world.
And that is video games.
So let's get into our kickoff topic tonight, which has to do with perhaps the future of
games of some sort or what some people want those to be anyway.
Loki, can you can you start us off with tonight's story about what Steam is going to be blocking
from their marketplace pretty soon?
I guess as they have already, I guess.
Yeah, they've already done it.
So they had blocked a few games that had NFTs or offered crypto in them.
And the reason that they did this and it makes sense when you think about it is they've gotten
in trouble before with offering items in game and having kind of an auction house where
you could potentially sell those in game items for real world cash.
And so since they've gotten in trouble, I believe in like the European unions and stuff
like that with that, they have been basically knocking down anything that could be potentially
used to give you something of value from, you know, unlocks and games and stuff like
that.
So NFTs, of course, because you could trade them for money.
And Bitcoin, well, I mean, that's self-explanatory, you can also trade that for money.
And so they have gone ahead and removed the games that had that in there.
Like for example, Light Night and Age of Rust was a game that they had NFTs where you could
actually kind of buy the NFT and use it to unlock stuff in game or something like that.
And then there was another game.
I don't remember which one it was.
It was like a puzzle game where you got Bitcoin if you play the puzzle or something like that.
So yeah, look, it makes sense.
Look, I and when we're talking about Bitcoin or whatever, like I and I'm not I'm not going
to dog on it or whatever.
I understand people have their environmental concerns, etc.
But I from the perspective of trying to critique what's going on here, I'm putting Bitcoin
on the same level as dollars, pesos, yen, whatever currency, it has some sort of value
in the monetary universe, whether it does to you specifically or not, it does have value
in the universe.
I mean, PayPal has Bitcoin now.
So it's it's something you can get value out of.
Right.
But but entities are kind of a gray area as well, because there's been so many scams recently
with those and like necessarily Bitcoin, but like other crypto currencies, there's been
right.
So many pump and dump schemes.
And here's the thing.
Like, as far as like the real world currency and games, Diablo three should and what it
originally was and why it had so many issues in the beginning with the real money access.
That should be informing everybody that gaming is not the place for this.
And like everybody wants to put a get rich, quick scheme in gaming.
Diablo three showed ain't going to happen.
And like, I know people think, oh, this is different.
This is different.
No, no, no.
The problem is you're always going to have way too much supply and not enough demand,
period.
Because what's going to happen is that if it turns out you can earn even the slightest
amount of Bitcoin, you're going to have other places throughout the world that have very
questionable labor practices that are going to force people to play these games over and
over and over again to get these items to sell to those few people that are going to
buy them.
And I don't think that they're giving away Bitcoin in that sense, where it's like an
unlimited supply.
I think it's more of like kind of an incentive, like a contest, even the auction house, even
the contest.
They'll dump as many entries in the contest as they can.
Even the auction house, they'll spam as much in that auction house as they can for those
few people that can buy.
Nobody ever made money off that auction house.
It was.
That's why it went away.
It was money after that.
I made a quarter.
I made a quarter.
And I don't even know how I did that, to be quite honest.
More on steam than anything selling trading cards.
And now, as far as the NFT thing goes, I'm still trying to write like I get Bitcoin,
I get question mark Bitcoin, I get Ethereum and all this other knockoff.
I shouldn't call them knockoffs, but I'm sorry to me, they just get all the same to me.
So I get that.
I'm still trying to wrap my head around what NFT like really is like.
I guess it's like a digital type, like it's like an ownership token of some sort.
Yeah, it's a digital good that you have ownership that you can basically it's like your certificate
of authentication.
OK, everything.
So so here's I do think I actually get that.
And here's the wild thing.
This comes in the same week.
And I'm going to go down a dead by daylight rabbit hole.
But it absolutely relates to this whole story.
And Dark Soccer, you're going to know this one, too.
It has to do with the pinhead voice lines that were going to be in the game.
You open the box and I came and I came.
Did you hear the story about why those got removed and what apparently that's all about?
A bit of it, yeah, that there was something like they wanted to bring it back in via NFT.
Yes, the license holders to that whole thing wanted to create like a Hellraiser pinhead
NFT that would get you access to pinhead in all these other things.
It would be like a pinhead unlock in all these other things.
And it would allow the voice dialog to be there in dead by daylight and I guess other
types of interactions and other games.
I'm not sure fucking pinhead is worth that.
I think Waluigi could get that judging off the past two weeks on the Internet.
But I don't think it had to be late.
Sorry.
Flea says that DBD released a statement that the NFT story was a fake.
Thank you.
Thank you, Flea.
OK, I apologize for being the Fox News video game podcast right here, but it is what it is.
That story was going around.
However, OK, so thank you, Flea, for debunking the story, because that whole thing was ridiculous anyway.
But I still say that is still something people are looking for in gaming, even if it's not
true in that case, some crypto and again, I'm going to get here's the thing.
If you're going to email me explaining to me why I'm wrong, you better do it like I'm
a five year old when it comes to this stuff.
And you need to understand part of the reason why NFTs are not like the big thing right
now is because most people don't fucking understand them.
So if you're going to email me and yell at me why I'm wrong, you're going to need to
explain like I'm five.
Why I'm wrong.
OK, here's the whole thing is that I think some people want that to kind of be gaming,
like you buy these like unlock keys and stuff.
I'm not sure the consumer really wants that.
I'm really not.
Mirror Muse in chat says NFT and crypto sound like Beanie Babies at best and pyramid schemes
at worst to me.
Let's see, Zen Monkey 11 says, I wish they had a pinhead Pez dispenser.
And oh, I didn't even realize they tweeted this.
So Mike Deff sent us a tweet from behavior that actually says there's been some talk
about NFTs.
When we work with our licensing partners, we provide them with in-game models as well
as chapter keys.
They are free to use these.
However, they say they see fit as the rightful owners of these characters.
To be very clear, there is no exclusive in-game content linked to these models when they are
distributed outside of the game in any way.
Oh, interesting.
So on.
Well, I got to say the way that reads to me is that maybe they were trying to like that
the Hellraiser folks are trying to bundle these DLC into key is keys and stuff, but
had nothing to do with the voice line dialog and why it was omitted.
So rabbit hole done.
I don't need to dwell on that too much, but I thought that was interesting.
That's for sure.
So.
Anyway, Loki, I know there's another half to the story.
Sorry.
Yes.
And so, of course, you know, Epic Games seizing the opportunity says, hey, guess what?
We're going to welcome NFT games since Steam banned them.
Cool.
You could get in trouble with the same entities that got in trouble or got Steam in trouble.
Or I should say maybe.
I don't know.
Good.
Glad there's a marketplace for them.
Didn't really need to step in and do that, but way to go, Tim Sweeney.
I don't know whether to read this into like Tim Sweeney's trying to be an edgelord, which
is usually the case.
Or this is just, OK, him acknowledging sometimes these purposes can be legitimate and we're
willing to be the playground for this.
It reads to me as him being very try hard to separate himself from Steam.
However, here's the thing.
If a game company wants to try the Diablo three auction house again, go for it.
You're going to flop, but go for it like you.
You can have the ability to do that, I guess.
But yeah, I mean, if you can't learn from history, I OK.
And it's fine, like I just I don't know it.
Whatever, like, I'm not going to be like, oh, my God, I have no strong opinion on any
of this, so it's like, cool.
Good job.
Pat yourself on the back.
Like, I'm not going to use one storefront over the other because of this or that.
I mean, it's just.
Tim Sweeney, can we please like get some actual features like, you know, a shopping cart in
the store, please, instead of just, you know, supporting these games, can we can we can
you finish your storefront, please?
I would appreciate that first before, you know, making these grandos gestures saying
that we're going to accept these types of games and not these other types of games and
whatnot.
Because let's be honest, at the end of the day, yeah, you can get the NFT games over
on Epic Games.
You can get all the pornography games on Steam, so I don't know.
I know I know where my loyalty lies, E3VL in chat says I got one hundred and fifty dollars
in the auction house and I was about to scream and ask questions, how, why?
But then E3VL follows that up saying not worth the time investment, though.
Good lucky drops.
So it it took a lot of work and a lot of luck to make the hundred and fifty bucks.
And I I honestly bet if you'd spent that time, I don't know, driving for Lyft or DoorDash
or doing freelancing types of work that you probably could have gotten that type of money
as well.
Like, and I'm not I'm not shading your life choices like, look, I tried to sell stuff
on the auction house, too.
It just to me, the demand wasn't there and it didn't make it, you know, really worth
it.
Anyway, in the interest of time, since we got a late start, I'm going to move on after
this story.
I'm not trying to write this off and hedge my bets on this will never be a thing or whatever,
but I just.
It's in my opinion, it's going to need to take a company like Nintendo embracing this
before it's going to be a thing in gaming.
And I already see it's not going to happen.
It's never going to happen.
Well, never say never.
But it's it's I'm ninety nine point nine percent.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Especially after some of the choices Nintendo's been.
Oh, yeah.
We'll get to that later.
They'll just do the Nintendo fungible tokens is what they'll have to do something stupid
like that.
But like.
No, I don't think I don't think they even understand the basics of cryptocurrency and
block chain.
That's OK, because I don't either.
All right, let's move on, which I have I have a tiny little bit of cryptocurrency.
I just bought it when all the other you know, when all that crap was going on with GameStop
and all that stuff.
I was like, oh, this would be fun.
I honestly looked at it no different than this is my Reno money that I put into it.
And I've made a little money.
I was at least according to my PayPal wallet, I've made a little money, but I'm not I wouldn't
put my I wouldn't put my life savings in it for sure.
That's for sure.
All right.
It is a fickle fickle thing, though.
Yeah, sure is.
OK, let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of things that we have
been playing this week, whether they involve Bitcoin or not.
Dark Soccer, I'll start with you.
How was your gaming week?
I played 12 hours worth of Dead by Daylight on Monday.
Yeah.
And then I played two hours of Grinding and Fantation and another hour of Dead by Daylight.
And then pinball where the night I'm flying out to Alabama, which is Thursday night, Dan
is hosting League at our house.
Oh, fun.
So pinballs have been all over the places, pinballs to the wall.
Speaking of which, I was just to say, we should acknowledge California Extreme happened this
weekend.
I know some people that went.
I just wasn't able to get over there.
Dan bought me a badge and I didn't go because I had had my covid booster last week.
Oh, gotcha.
So I was still feeling kind of crappy.
I heard it was a good time from those that went, though, like it's kind of one of those.
We missed it.
It was good to have it back sort of things.
I would have loved to go, but it was like as much as I love that show, the times I've
been, which isn't very often, it's always at like the worst times for me.
And that's nobody's fault.
That's just a scheduling thing.
It is what it is.
I'd love to go again if if it lines up on my calendar someday.
So I know there's anything else you want to share.
I like soda.
Awesome.
All right, let's say hello to Loki and his gaming week.
Yeah, so I played power washing simulator and or power wash simulator and I'm up to
the carousel level now.
Nice.
I'm trying to think.
Like a big treehouse, a helicopter.
I don't remember what else I had.
Oh, like an old like Winnebago or something like that.
But yeah, so it's still fun, though, slowly going through it, run out of things to unlock,
though, as far as like new equipment.
So that's kind of a disappointing, but I know it's still early access.
Yeah, they just did a patch that added new scenes, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
They keep adding more and more and more levels to it.
So that's good.
I just wish they would have like there's still one more class of like power washer that you
can get, like the industrial strength one or something like that.
And that's just not available yet.
But yeah, I'm like a player that looks like about 15 hours now.
And then, of course, Minecraft playing Minecraft.
So I put out another video, right?
I put out another video, which I finally it's about a week turnaround time that time.
So and I'm already working on stuff for the next one.
So I'm trying to keep up with that, you know, the weekly pace there instead of biweekly
or even more infrequent than that.
It just depends on what I'm putting together.
There's a lot of like complicated builds and stuff that I'm doing, but I'm kind of getting
to the point now.
I've been finishing up the build I'm working on now, but I want to go back to making more
farms.
So I'm probably going to do that.
Nice.
And I know there was some Minecraft news this week, but we'll get into that in a little
bit.
Yes, there was.
All right.
My gaming week.
So I've been trying to stream a little more often after work, and some days were better
than others.
Like Monday, obviously, the power was out, but well, and I wasn't going to stream when
Darkstalker was doing a marathon anyway.
But the other days of the week, I was pretty much able to do stuff.
I streamed some more Metroid Dread, and I got as far as the fight with a very familiar
face from the Metroid series.
I guess, you know, you can read into that what you want.
And the viewers watched me lose that fight probably five or six times.
So I don't know if I just didn't have enough energy tanks or gear or something to take
on that fight.
But I will say one thing that was really holding me back, my wrist started to hurt real bad.
And those of you that were watching know that I called my stream.
I mean, I've been going for an hour and a half, two hours, which is my usual time anyway.
So I didn't feel bad about calling it what I did, but my wrist was really starting to
hurt.
And that kind of reads into my earlier feedback on Metroid Dread that although I think I liked
the game more the second time I played it because I was more set up for what to expect.
And so I was getting more out of a thrill out of those me chase sequences and so forth.
Like the controls is a major problem.
Like my wrist is hurting and like, you know, there's accessibility things that are issue
too.
Nintendo has got to address some some configurability issues with this game.
I don't know, like it's I'm probably going to play more off stream in shorter bursts
so I can, you know, give myself breaks more when I need them.
But that was very disappointing that things got to the point where I was like hurting.
E3VL says, did you play with pro controller?
Yes, I did.
The Splatoon pro controller.
Shad Starsick says, I don't know how people are holding the controllers to make their
wrists hurt.
I went through the entire game with no problems like that.
Congrats for you.
But that is not the case for me.
So I don't know.
So it's like I like the game, but that was a major downer, major downer.
But I'll play it more.
I just won't be doing it on stream anymore because I'm not I won't I'll be doing it for
like 30, 45 minutes at a time so I can give myself frequent breaks.
Shad Starsick also says, oh, you know what?
I didn't use a pro controller.
Maybe that's something to do with it.
Perhaps.
I know you play mostly handheld, so maybe that, you know, kind of because that is a
big difference in how you hold it.
Maybe that did make a difference.
I don't know.
So we'll see.
Let's see.
I did play some other stuff as well.
I also played I got into a new game this week called Dungeon Encounters.
That was interesting.
So that is the game that they showed at, I think, the last Nintendo Direct.
There was kind of a Squeenix game that came out of nowhere that was by the guy who designed
like Final Fantasy 12 and Tactics and stuff like that.
And it just came out on Steam, I think PS4 and Switch this week.
And so I played this game on stream.
It's the one where it looks like you're running around these crossword puzzles that have numbers
in them and you get into these fights.
And that is what the game is.
I played it on stream and about 30 minutes into it, I was like, oh, this game is this
game is terrible.
Like I, I don't know.
I don't know what they were thinking with this.
This is very clearly somebody's art project that's gone really, really wrong.
And that's why this is being released without much fanfare.
But by the time I got to the end of the stream, I started to just kind of notice things about
it where I was like, you know what, you know what I think this is?
I think this game is like a 1980s PC RPG, but done for a PlayStation 4 and Steam.
Like seriously, like when you look at these maps and like the whole thing is that there's
there's no artwork beyond like there's no, there's a stairs drawn that the monsters are
not drawn on the map.
Everything is represented by hexadecimal numbers.
So you have to remember two is a staircase that goes up.
One is a staircase that goes down.
Six is a place that can heal all your life.
Five is a place that you can resurrect everybody.
Now that really reminds me of, I'm, I'm talking to go way back to 80s PC gaming.
I'm not talking about rogue likes, I'm talking about fucking Rogue, the original Rogue.
Anybody ever play Rogue on the PC or whatever it was on?
It was ported to everything.
Ages ago.
Ages ago, right.
And in that game, like monsters were represented by letters of the alphabet.
And so like, like it's that kind of feel.
So I kind of, and it's interesting because some of the puzzles then become, okay, you
have to use these abilities to warp up a floor to where you were to get to this section.
That maybe you weren't able to reach before these, that they are puzzles that are straight
out of like Ultima and those games that were big back in the day then.
Bobby Blackpool says, did you do a steam refund for it?
I thought about it, but I didn't because I let the viewers vote if they wanted to see
it again.
And yes, overwhelmingly won.
So there's that, but also just the fact that by the end of it, I was kind of getting a
little more into it, but I think the game extremely has its shortcomings.
I'm willing to kind of see the puzzles through.
I can deal with a retro inspired game and things like that, but, um, I, I'm just not
sure why they felt getting rid of art direction altogether.
Well, I guess I shouldn't say that because I mean, they did design still pictures of
characters.
I mean, it's very minimal.
This game is very minimalist.
And I said that word a lot on the stream was a real choice for this game.
I'm telling you, if they had taken this same game and use that same engine that they're
using for Bravely default, and now the triangle strategy game, whatever that is, if they'd
use that same engine, they'd actually drawn assets instead of numbers for some of those
things, but use the same maps and dungeons made the battles work the same because the
battle system is interesting because you have like a physical defense shield and a magical
defense shield, and then you have the HP underneath that.
So you have to crack through one of the shields before you get to the health.
It's an interesting mechanic.
All they had to do was use like the, um, Octopath traveler interface and that whole thing for
that.
And I honestly think they would have had a hit on their hands.
I don't know why they decided to keep this minimalist eighties RPG in auto PlayStation
four type of thing.
Was it worth $30?
No, I don't think so.
I know there's going to, I know there's going to be people, I, the thing is this game is
going to have it's dedicated fans, but I think most people aren't going to get it.
I barely get it.
So I just, I think it's on four.
I think, again, I think I just told you how this game could have been like 10 times better
is to take down some of those minimalist walls and adapt an engine that you've already been
using on other projects and play it to this vision of how the battle should run and things
like that.
And I think you would have had a hit on your hands.
Oh, well.
Anyway, um, let's see.
Um, other games I played this week, I guess I streamed a little bit of dead by daylight
on Friday.
I've decided I'm retired from cookie clicker.
I have clicked all the cookies.
I will click.
Yes, I'm done.
I'm done because I've hit the point where it's like, I've gotten every, every, except
for one heavenly Ascension talent, which most people will play a game.
Don't even know what the fuck that is, but that's when you ascend by getting so many
cookies and start the game over.
You get talents that roll over.
I have all of them except for one, which is a very specific hard to do thing that I just
don't feel like doing.
And for those that know cookie clicker, it's the one where you ascend the chips as 777777.
You have to have all six of the last digit sevens, uh, to get the last one.
I got the other two.
That's just seven and seven, seven, seven.
And the 777 one was annoying enough.
I didn't want to do the other one.
Yes, I know you sell your buildings.
So you go slower.
Did I know how to do it?
I just don't want to do it.
And I'm not going to do something in a video game I don't want to do.
So I've decided to retire from the cookies.
I got like 430 something achievements in that game.
I'm good.
I'm, I'm never going to get that many achievements in a video game.
One other game I played a little bit of this week, Diablo two resurrected.
So I did finally pick that up and I've put a little time into that.
And that, so it's interesting because that is a old, old school at this point, right?
From like the late nineties, uh, RPG.
And so some of those elements haven't aged well, especially the quality of life stuff.
But with that one, especially with the nicer graphics and everything looks really sharp
and I'm actually enjoying it.
Even though I'm like, God, it's a pain in the ass to keep going back to town and stuff.
It doesn't bother me.
Like I'm actually kind of enjoying it.
And I think they did a really good job with that.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, grandma is sad, Rob.
Well, the aliens ate her.
Spoiler alert.
All right.
Uh, E3VL says, did you get login issues?
I got a queue of 17 on Saturday, but otherwise to dodge the login issues in that game for
the most.
I heard it was pretty bad, but for the, for E as of now, it hasn't really hit me yet.
So, all right, let's move on.
We got a late start tonight.
So I want to jump into some news, uh, again, housekeeping.
We will not be here live next week, Halloween.
I haven't figured out yet.
I meant to talk about this with my goes before we were live, but then the whole power out
of situation.
Is anyone else going to be here on Halloween night?
Yes.
You will be here.
It's true.
Okay.
So Jamie and I will be here that night with a show.
Uh, Loki gets the night off to spend with kids so that I just don't want to go two weeks
without a show if we can help it.
So, um, but if you want to do a segment in advance or something, Loki, we can always
do that.
So, all right, we'll see what's going on that week.
All right.
Good times.
All right.
Halloween night.
So dark soccer and I will scare you.
Maybe, maybe if we have a short show, maybe I'll let her kill me again in dead by daylight.
Cause that was kind of fun.
Dude, the kill your friends thing is fun.
Did you see my very, very, very slow, uh, piggy tea bag?
I mean, yeah, yes I did.
And that kill your friends thing was very one-sided.
It's very hard to do when there's only two survivors, but it was more about, it really
is hard with only two in that love in the corn it is for me.
It was more about just getting to throw the pallet down on you and then teabag you.
And I was satisfied because I was like, I know she's cussing me out.
I was most of the time going, Oh, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, no, Rob, no.
All right.
Uh, let's move on to some news.
So we won't be here next week while, um, dark soccer is out in Alabama and that's a very
serious thing.
I'm going to Disneyland next week.
So, um, uh, if, if they, if Disneyland hadn't gotten rid of Duffy, I would have brought
you back a Duffy, something dark soccer, but, um, I don't know.
Do you still do pins?
I do still do, do pins and you know, I love Tron stuff.
Well, so do I, so if I find it, I'll be buying it for myself, but if I find two, if Alan
does this take the Maleficent stuff.
Okay.
Fair.
Fair.
All right.
Um, I just want to see how much of the parks we can get done in a day.
So we're only going for the one day.
So I really want to ride some of the new stuff are like, yeah, I'm, I'm curious about how
that's going to feel with COVID and everything too, but I figured, you know what, if I got
through dragon con, I'll get through this and I'm vaccinated, I have no problem with
masks, whatever.
It'll be fine.
The number is a booster.
Yeah.
I want to get a, well, I want to get a booster, but at the same time I have Moderna, so we're
kind of waiting.
Yeah.
It hurts.
It still hurts.
I'm still right here.
It's still really tender.
You know what really hurts?
What?
COVID-19.
All right.
Well, duh.
But I'm still saying that this, this one hurt worse than the other, the other two.
Most people said this, the third wasn't as bad as the second.
Hmm.
Interesting.
All right.
But I also have another condition, so.
Ah, fair.
All right.
Um, let's move on.
We got some gaming news to get to as promised.
Loki is going to talk about his fave.
Minecraft.
Yes.
We're going to talk about Minecraft.
So Minecraft live 2021 was this weekend and we had lots of announcements.
So this is normally the event, normally in the past when we're not in COVID, it would
be a live event that you would be able to go to and experience everything kind of like
a fan festival, but the last few years have been just purely digital.
So they talked about, you know, new updates coming out.
Obviously we have one 18 right around the corner by the end of this year.
So they talked about some of the updates with that, just kind of showcasing, you know, some
of the changes that are becoming, which we kind of knew anyways, because they're doing
the snapshot, uh, releases, um, until the final release comes out.
Um, but then of course we got the news that the deep dark and the warden have been delayed
to one 19, but then they finally showed off what they're doing with that.
And they're really, you've expanded it out now.
So the one 19 update, which is coming out next year is going to be called the wild update.
And it adds, uh, lots of different changes to it.
One being of course, adding the deep dark to it.
The deep dark for those who don't know, is a very, very scary place that they've added
to Minecraft.
It's almost like a horror update.
Um, it's this place where there's a bunch of these like kind of growths on the ground
that are all triggered by sound and it can cause this thing that basically creates darkness.
And then the warden is this giant monster that comes out of the ground.
Um, if you make too much noise, it's very crazy.
You got it.
You got to honestly watch the trailers because the sound design that they have in there,
although the environment sounds, it's just so freaky.
Like I can't wait to play it because it, I remember when I first played Minecraft on
the Xbox 360, like when you don't know what anything is and you know, like, okay, well
creepers are going to blow up and they're going to kill me.
And I remember how like scared I really was, you know, with the creepers.
Why are we talking past tense?
That shit still scares me when I play Minecraft now and now it's not so bad.
Like, you know, like if I run across enemies, I know I'm not too worried about them, but
like before it was like, Oh my God, I got like, you got to hide in the house, you know,
through the night and stuff like that.
But now do you know what creepers need?
Creepers need the terror radius from dead by daylight.
That's what they need.
So you have that heartbeat anyway.
And the red stain.
Yes.
So, yeah, so that was on the, the announced that all the different stuff they're adding
to like the skull sensor and the skull shrieker is the one that causes the darkness and it's
the effect is just really awesome.
But outside of that, though, the wildlife is going to do some revamps for existing biomes.
So they're going to be updating the swamp biome.
With that, they're going to be adding some new biomes, including mangrove trees, which
is pretty cool.
Chest boats, frogs.
They're going to add mud into the game, which is going to be a new block.
You can make mud bricks now.
And then of course, fireflies, which would be pretty cool.
That's just some of this other time, but they're also going to be redoing the birch forest.
And I think that there's probably going to be even more biomes that they go through and
kind of overhaul.
But those are kind of the stuff that they showed off right now.
But they're trying to focus more on like the environment and bringing like the nature part
out of things.
So maybe environment sounds and whatnot.
So that was a lot of stuff that they talked about, like actual Java Minecraft in Bedrock.
Loki, but but if they're adding mud, can I get naked and wear nothing but mud?
I mean, no, you can't.
You can't wear mud.
What kind of fake ass game is this?
You can make your skin look like mud.
But yeah.
So other cool things that they announced that starting November, Games Pass is going to
have Minecraft on PC.
So that includes both the Windows 10 edition, which is Bedrock and the Java edition.
So that'll be included with Games Pass, which is pretty awesome.
Along with that, they're showing off some updates for Minecraft Dungeons.
So Minecraft Dungeons is going to get something similar to what we have in Diablo 3, where
they have like the different seasonal events that go on.
So they're going to have these seasonal adventures, as well as this Cloudy Climb and the Echoing
Void DLC, which looks interesting.
And then of course, they did the mob vote this year as well.
So they announced a few different mobs that they're going to be adding to the game.
The Alay one, which is kind of like this fairy creature thing that's able to gather items
for you.
They have like a copper golem was another one that would have been pretty cool.
It's got like a little robot thing.
And then this Alay, which looks like a flying Oscar the Grouch, which I'm not really or
not the Alay, but the the glare, which would point out where dark places are like I'd like
I need something to point out where it's dark.
So yeah, lots of big announcements.
Very excited about the updates.
Definitely go watch the trailer for the deep dark stuff because oh my God, it looks really
cool, but also really creepy.
But I'm very much looking forward to that next year.
It's nice to see that there's still quite a variety of content still being planned for
that game when you consider how old it is.
Well, you've got to see 1.18 is going to completely redesign like everything in the game.
It's going to completely redesign the caves in the game, making it very interesting and
adding a lot more features.
So that alone is going to totally change the game.
And then all these additional features are going back and kind of instead of say, OK,
well, this is a birch forest and it looks exactly like a regular forest, but there's
birch trees and they're actually making things very distinct and adding the small details
in there.
All right, well, I look forward to your videos showing them all off.
Yes, of course.
All right, moving on, let's let's talk about, OK, so another crafting game of a different
sort and one that consumed our lives last year, Animal Crossing.
And this week, pay attention to our saga.
This week we watch the whole thing.
Did you?
All right.
We had a whole direct dedicated to Animal Crossing and there is going to be one more
free update.
And they are saying this is the last one.
There's a 2.0 update coming November 5th and there's going to be some new characters coming
for.
Well, new old characters, the Animal Crossing series.
So some of the characters they kind of left out from last time are going to be added to
the game.
They're actually going to add Brewster as well, who's going to open up a not Starbucks,
but some type of coffee cafe that's at the Roost, the Roost, which is inspired from the
DS games right where that first appeared.
Right.
Also, Cap'n is coming back.
So even though there's no island to visit per se, Cap'n is still going to oh, no, I
guess he is taking you to different islands with his boat.
So I don't know what we're going to find on them.
And it has Katrina and all the other folks there.
Oh, OK.
That'll be cool.
So that's neat.
There's also going to be some more shops at Harv's Island.
That island already exists.
There will be cooking and growing vegetables.
So I think because they datamined like pumpkin and stuff in that game a long time ago, right?
So there's other vegetables that will be or squash or something that's going to be coming
to the game for that.
So that's so all that stuff they datamined forever ago finally coming to the game.
Also coming out is the only I said the first and I assume only paid DLC for Animal Crossing
is going to be Happy Home Paradise.
I, of course, instantly thought of Dark Sakura and all the time she spent playing Happy Home
Designer, because this is basically that right.
Happy Home Paradise is basically that right.
I have to pay the twenty five bucks for it.
Well, they also have it like where you can design.
It's not just homes, though.
You're doing like schools and theaters and stuff like that, too.
Yeah.
That's what it was like in Happy Home Designer, too.
You had different themes and stuff, but you also had to do that when you're designing
like you're shopping, plus the and everything to the last in the DS one.
The thing I'm most excited about are the gyroids are coming back to the game finally.
So that will get me to visit the island.
And I'm sure ketchup is going to ask me where the fuck have you been, asshole?
So we'll see.
I'm sure a lot of people are going to probably visit their town for the first time in a while
with this.
I mean, our soccer, even you kind of stop the daily grind of Animal Crossing.
But is this is this enough to get you to fire up?
No, I'm definitely going to definitely going to come back.
I think I like also that those islands that they have for captain now where you can go
there and the islands are different.
They could be different seasons or time of day, which is kind of interesting.
So you don't really necessarily time travel.
So they've got that in there as well.
Plus, they're going to have like unique stuff that you can do in there.
I like all the different like building stuff you can do there with the where you can add
permanent ladders and whatnot.
I think that's pretty cool.
Looking in chat, a fifth dream says I hate digging up gyroids, but them reacting to music
will be great.
E3VL sharing the island friend code there in chat.
I love that.
Also saying I stopped playing back in June.
Love the new content, but too much of a time commitment for me to start up again.
See a Tiberian chat says it looks like the happy home design DLC is going to permit some
additional villagers to be more permanent.
I thought that was part of the update was that more villagers because I know there's
going to be new new amiibo cards and everything to to support some of the new villagers.
So I'm not sure I have to be honest, I had to read the cliff notes because I wasn't able
to watch the thing live.
So I didn't see everything.
But Dark Saga, did you catch how the new villagers work?
Is that just villagers they're adding or are they tied to the happy home design deal?
I missed that.
I didn't see that part.
I didn't see anything about new villagers, but they did mention that you can use those
cards, I think, to invite them to come to Brewster's.
Maybe that's what it is.
Basically, they have them come join you for coffee.
But I don't know.
They didn't.
I don't think they mentioned anything about adding villagers.
The only thing they said is that they've added additional bridges so you can do a total of
10 bridges and 10 slopes now instead of eight.
And what else?
They also have that shed that you can get like a almost like a gardening shed or something
that you can access your home inventory outside your home.
You can put that anywhere in your map, which is kind of cool.
There's lots of things that they're announcing.
I mean, it's a very robust update, that's for sure.
Yeah, it's definitely it's this feels a little late in the cycle for this to come out, but
I understand Covid probably screwed a lot of stuff up, so I'm not being too critical.
Yeah, Covid, how dare you?
So but yeah, this will be a nice kind of way to wrap this all up.
And then I'm assuming they're going to move on to the next Animal Crossing game after
this.
But we'll see.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on, because there was another big thing that kind of got detailed that same
day because it goes along with that DLC that our soccer was talking about.
This is this.
This could have easily been the kickoff tonight because a lot of people talking about this,
but there's some drama.
Nintendo's been our kickoff a lot, so I have feelings about this.
Yeah, well, let's get to it.
So one of the other things that was listed was a Nintendo Switch online expansion pack.
And I'll just go ahead and go through the basics on it.
It's expanding the subscription service with a premium tier.
It's going to happen later this month, around October 25th, that it is going to have the
base service plus additional items such as a library of Nintendo 64 and Sega Genesis
games.
Individual membership will be 50 bucks, and then a family membership will be 80 bucks.
And people are like, why?
This is expensive.
Why?
And they're pretty pissed about it.
I mean, there's even like the boycott the thing and they'll be forced to lower the price.
This is Nintendo.
People are going to pay for it.
They don't care.
You can sort of call me people.
I'm not quite at the extent that you're at, but I'm very much of the mindset.
Vote with your wallet and I will be voting no on this.
Like this is, I mean, I can sort of see where folks can justify the price a little easier
if they were planning on getting this Happy Home Design DLC anyway.
I'm getting the DLC.
Yeah.
But are you going to get this super expansion pack thingy?
If the person who manages the family plan that I am a member of wants to, I will gladly
pay more for my part of it.
It's it's and it's probably a better deal on the family plan.
In fact, I know it is, but I'm not on that.
So let me let me see.
30 bucks more for up to eight users.
So keep in mind, that would roughly be for for a year of this, mind you, 10 bucks per
person for a year on a family plan.
Yeah, I'm I'm not pissed about it, but I you know, I'm not on a family plan and I don't
know. I'm on the plan with with JD.
Sure. And people could say, well, Rob, you should get on a family plan.
And I would say, y'all are game in the system anyway.
So whatever, you know, which is fine.
Which there's nothing wrong. You're working within the confines that Nintendo gave you.
But speaking as somebody who is not on one of these shared family plans or whatever, and
even if I was a Mike Defton chat says that he voted no, but the rest of the people on his
family plan voted yes.
So they're going to be upgrading to this.
I think I think this is crap.
I think this is really crap what they're doing.
I think this is this is crap to the level that like somebody in a higher up at Nintendo
ought to have their role reexamined.
This is so bad because this value is garbage.
And what's really irritating about it.
It's not even just the value that's that's because, you know, sure, you get the Happy Home
Designer DLC, you know, quote unquote free.
But this claim, though, can I finish?
Can I finish? Can I finish?
Because that is just for this year, because next year you're going to have to re up and pay
that DLC again.
You know, it's going to be like PlayStation Plus or, you know, Xbox Gold or whatever, where
once you stop paying, then you no longer have that DLC.
For most people, a year is probably enough to well experience the Happy Home Designer DLC,
whatever. But I think this whole fact that the games that they're including with the N64 and
the Genesis stuff, it's it's not up to the level to justify that cost.
And this is what really irritates me.
And fucking wait, people.
This is what's going to happen, because because the value of this higher dollar plan is so
bad, they're going to have to start to dump more into it.
And so what's now now Nintendo for no reason has created two levels of this Nintendo online
and this base plan that's been giving us Tetris 99, Mario 99 and all this stuff.
Get ready, because all that's going to go away and get.
Now, I'm not saying they're going to take away those specific games, but the future stuff
is going to go to the higher dollar plan, because that's where Nintendo wants to put the
people. Honestly, they should have just probably upped the price for everybody by 10
bucks and thrown all this in and just said, here's what we're doing to justify the price
cost. And I would probably feel a lot I wouldn't feel so much like, well, those of us that
opt to keep the base plan are going to get fucked over like I feel now.
I think this whole like two track thing is disaster in the making.
Well, and here's the problem, too, is like you raise the price, you're going to raise the
expectations of that service.
A lot of people have been kind of letting them get letting it slide when it comes to poor
performance on this Nintendo online because, well, it's only 20 bucks a year, you know,
whatever, you know, but now that it's it's comparable to the other services now that level
of expectations can be higher, too.
And I'm sorry, like, yeah, I get it that your Nintendo 64 games are pretty cool, but you
know what, though, like I'm getting sixty dollar free games or games that were like, you
know, triple-A quality games that are recent.
To a month, at least with these services, these other services I'm paying for, like.
You know how Nintendo has not shown that they can put out games on a consistent basis within
those online collections, it's just and it's really scraping the bottom of the barrel
sometimes of that.
OK, yeah, Super Mario 64 is a great game.
Well, you know what?
You sold Super Mario 64, then you stop selling it on purpose so that you could then raise
the price on this.
Like, it's just it's absolutely stupid.
I'm just not interested in in ponying up for this new scheme, and I know I'm going to
regret it probably down the road, but like the reality is, well, I mean, I can always buy
it later, I guess there's nothing to make me get it right now.
Certainly there's nothing and maybe that's exactly what it is.
There's nothing motivating for me right now on October 25th to upgrade to this.
So I'm not going to.
I'm not upgrading.
And the only thing I'm doing is I'll buy the DLC, but that's it.
I mean, I'm not going to upgrade, which is yeah, which is fine.
I'll do it if the person who manages our family plan does it.
And the other thing with all this, too, is that, you know, PlayStation Plus, Xbox Gold are
ten dollars more a year.
And what Xbox Gold gives four free games a month, PlayStation Plus two, at least three.
And again, like you said, the sixty dollar games are being included with that.
And Nintendo's response is to give fucking happy home designer.
Sorry, Jamie.
But, you know, it's just it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's
you know, it's not enough for that.
It's not enough for that type of fee.
And the 90s hang court right out regardless.
What if like like God forbid, like I know Animal Crossing is a popular game, but not
every single person that has a switch has Animal Crossing.
So let's just say like you don't play Animal Crossing because that's just not your cup
of tea. Maybe you're more of a smash player or something like that.
What is really like so you're really not getting a value proposition with that because
it's like, well, you know.
I still I'm not really getting anything I'm getting DLC, so hopefully they'll want me
to buy the game now so I can play with this DLC like I just don't I don't know, it's
such a tough sell because it's more than double the current price for Nintendo 64 games.
I'm sorry that like we've played them to death.
We've played them so many times.
We've bought them so many times through the Wii shops and stuff like that.
Like. Why can't I play my old games they purchase, you know, like I can still play old
Xbox 360, Xbox Live arcade games if they're supported on the Xbox one, I can still play
a lot of those. Like I just it's so stupid that you have to keep rebutting your stuff.
At the end of the day, Nintendo's counting on the hardcore to fund them, and I think
that's how it's going to go.
And I'm I'm going to just beg everybody to really ask yourself if this is worth it.
And look, I can understand that, yes, Mario Kart 64 online and Sin and Punishment and
all that is going to be worth it to some people.
If that's you go off, nobody nobody but you should get to dictate how your money is
spent. But for me, I'm very disappointed in this as a Nintendo fan and somebody who
usually defends them on this program.
I think it's so interesting because after that last direct, I was so hyped.
I'm like, that's the best direct Nintendo's ever done.
I'm so hyped. And then this happens and I'm like, wow.
Not to go back to Dead by Daylight, but I'm going to.
And you know that opening movie where Dwight's running down the stairs and then he
trips on the stair and eat shit and then pinhead chains him to the wall.
That is how I'm feeling about Nintendo right now.
And here's the ironic thing about this whole thing is if they had just done this instead
of a subscription model like they're doing now and just opened up an e-shop where we
could just purchase these piecemeal, they would probably make more money than they're
going to make off of these subscriptions.
Like it's funny, it's funny, and I already know Bobby's typing this comment in chat and
probably some other people, too, is that when when it was like that, then everybody asked
them to be the Netflix of gaming.
Here's here's the problem is that everybody's looking at it and now going Nintendo, you
have this gigantic fucking catalog and you're piecemealing it like this.
When people wanted Netflix for games, they didn't want.
These like small, they wanted your whole catalog, they want the game pass and that's
that's what they wanted.
But then now that tells like, well, yeah, we could do that, but it's going to be fifty
dollars a year.
Which I think if they brought it down by month and like it may not be such a big deal,
but like it's still I don't know, it's just it's still very clunky, it's it really should
all be like like I shouldn't have to have separate apps for Nintendo, Super Nintendo,
Genesis, Nintendo 64.
It should just be one giant like collection.
That's how they should really do it.
And it should be also just like why isn't there Game Boy games yet?
Why isn't there like, you know, stuff that we know that they could like Game Boy, Game
Boy Advance, like they could do all this stuff easy.
It's the 3DS could do it.
Come on.
Like that's easy stuff.
Just put it out in there.
I don't.
That's probably next year, I guess.
Pixel Pacas in chat says, I love N64 and still have a console plus games, but still wanted
to opt into this for very quick and easy access to key N64 games.
But I won't be upgrading my online membership at this price point.
ZenMonkey11 in chat says Nintendo knows what they're doing.
They like to do things right and thorough.
All I'm going to say is that the Wii U called and said hello.
The Wii Vitality sensor called and said hello.
Look, Nintendo is the best game maker in the business that I'm not never going to argue
that point, but they don't always make winning decisions.
And in my opinion, this is one of them.
That's not a winning decision.
And that's my opinion.
Here's one of the thing that I want to say on this whole thing before we get to the next
story, and that is that whole and I'm sure you guys have seen this, that whole, quote
unquote, rumor.
But it comes from that source that's gotten a lot of Nintendo things right before.
So Nintendo is more apt to believe her.
And the whole thing that it's apparently the third party licensing that is driving this
cost so high.
So namely, Sega Genesis is what's driving this cost so high.
And I'm sitting here going.
That that is that makes a bad thing even worse, they paid that much for Sega Genesis
stuff, and I'm not knocking the Genesis.
It's an important console.
It's a great thing.
It's everywhere else.
Except the Wii U, which this rumor said Sega didn't play up on the Wii U because they
were disappointed in what little sales there were on the Wii and that it wasn't really
advertised and backed very well.
But I'm sorry, we all know of that Genesis collection that's available on every other
platform.
We know that Sega has no problem releasing their back catalog on like Steam and all
sorts of other places.
Those games, very easy to come by.
I mean, I guess you could even Castlevania Bloodlines was in that Castlevania collection.
They just did not that long ago.
What's what's left?
Contra hardcore?
That was in the Contra collection.
What's left?
Like there's maybe one or two Genesis games in there that aren't really easily accessible
somewhere else.
And so whoever if that is true and it's a big if and I understand this person's gotten
a lot right before, but I bet they've gotten along wrong, too.
If this is true, that was that was the worst call in the whole thing.
Who thought that was a good idea to drive the cost up that high to get the Sega fucking
Genesis on the Switch when it is literally everywhere else?
They could have polled people, too.
I mean, there also is that.
Yeah, I guess I but again, I don't understand why that and why not.
Oh, I don't know.
Do a Gameboy color that has the Pokemon games in it.
Jesus, that that a lot like if it's just like all the old school Pokemon games.
Oh, my God.
People would people would have paid the higher fee for just that.
Shane, no, I'm just kidding, other people, especially if it had the Pokemon bank
functionality, you know.
Johnny Woo face says would rather had GameCube over Genesis.
As you know, Matt says there are like 10 different Sega collections with those games
out there. Exactly.
So, again, that is a rumor.
I don't want to say like that is the way it is, but it's coming from a source that's been
right before. So people are really paying attention to it.
And as I say, if that is true, somebody at Nintendo should be having their job examined
this week. Quite frankly, that that was the worst business decision somebody could have
possibly made that it shows a complete lack of awareness of what is happening in the
industry. If you're Sega, somebody should get a promotion over at Sega for making that
deal. So because you fucking took him to the cleaners.
Good job. Once again, Sega ahead of the curve and ahead of its time.
All right, let's move on.
Mike Deff says a co-host of mine said they should have just bought Saturn games since a
lot of people miss those. Yes.
Yeah. Or if it had been the Dreamcast, can you fucking imagine people would have lost
their shit? So if if that's the long term plan with Sega.
Then I will eat my words and I'm not going to say I'm going to eat my hat or something
because I'll have to chow down on it eventually, possibly, but I will eat my words and
pony up for one of these subscriptions.
Absolutely. If that's the long term plan, then that person at Nintendo can keep their
job because that's a very smart plan.
But if Genesis is the only thing that was in the plan, that was stupid.
But if the plan involves Dreamcast in six months time or something, Saturn, then OK,
good job. You did it.
You did the thing. You probably should have dropped a hint around now to get people more
excited. But whatever, whatever.
All right, let's move on. We're running behind us.
It is. So I want to get to the next story, which is Loki's.
So we talked about how there's been all these rumors about the Grand Theft Auto trilogy.
Well, it's even more I mean, they've officially announced that it is coming, but we still
don't know exactly what exactly it is.
However, there's been things found on Deep Within Rockstar's website that kind of it's a
description of it. So they basically said three iconic cities, three epic stories.
It's going to have the higher resolution textures increase, draw distance, environmental
upgrades, Grand Theft Auto five style controls and targeting, which is definitely a huge
upgrade from what was available on the PlayStation one eras.
All right. Yeah, back when those games originally came out.
So it sounds interesting.
I don't know necessarily when it's coming out yet, but apparently there's going to be
some sort of ten dollar discount or something.
If you buy it, you get a discount on other rockstar games or something like that.
So probably later on this year, we'll have to see what exactly it is.
I'm keeping my expectations low, though.
As the Grand Theft Auto fan.
Yeah, well.
I don't know, I played those so many times, though, I played San Andreas and three and
Vice City so many times.
I get it, I get it, but it's just like I can't imagine.
It's going to be that great, but whatever, we'll check it out.
All right, speaking of things I can't imagine are going to be that great, let's talk about
the return of G4 to television.
So finally, after all this time, we have found out that G4 will be returning to cable
television. It is not as I thought it was going to be something that was going to be
leveraged for the Peacock service, which would have made a lot of sense.
But they are going back to traditional cable.
So, hey, I mean, congrats.
That's a win. It is going to launch November 16th on Xfinity TV, Cox and Verizon Fios.
So that's interesting. You can also stream the network on Filo as well.
G4 has supposedly made some type of promotional and commercial deal with Twitch.
I'm assuming that means you're going to see a lot of G4 ads as the pre-roll into other
content. And G4 will continue to make dedicated social content for social media
channels that will include YouTube as well.
So they put out a whole little teaser this week that finally showed the date.
Attack of the Show and X-Play are returning.
Kevin Pereira and Adam Sessler are going to be hosting those respective shows.
No words on other hosts and their involvement right now.
ESL Esports events will be there as well.
Dungeons and Dragons playthrough with G4 talent and other celebs, I guess, will be
there, too. And oh, boy, all 167 episodes of Ninja Warrior for those.
So this is very much late G4 coming back and not early G4 that many of us liked.
I'll just get XAV instead.
Is it too late?
Some of the other talent coming to G4, Alex Goldenboy Mendez.
Avilimay, I've never heard of any of these people.
Indiana Froskrin Black, YouTube creators Kasim G.
Gerard, The Completionist Khalil and Gina Darling.
Twitch streamers Fiona Nova and Will Neff and WWE Xavier Woods, aka Austin Creed.
OK, I've heard of that one.
The rest I've heard of the wrestler.
I can't fucking believe we're here at this point, but OK, I guess this is where I'm
just old, out of touch grandpa of Bahmani Boomer.
I forgot we all got titles last week.
Old, out of touch Bahmani Boomer, who doesn't know any of these other new names.
So anyway, G4 is coming back.
Anyone have anything to say, anything to say about that?
I'll wave a little flag.
I'm going to surprise that they don't go like I get it because it's a cable, like a
cable channel and they want you to subscribe to it, which I won't be doing.
But I am kind of disappointed that they're not within this century and streaming online
as well, like on like Twitch or something like that.
But whatever, I guess.
Let's see, Mike Deft says, I do follow The Completionist.
Good guy. All right. I trust you.
I trust your feedback, Mike Deft.
Let's see. Critical Myth says, this sounds terrible.
Yeah, I mean, I will continue to not watch it like every other cable network.
I don't watch cable TV anymore.
This little thing called Twitch came along and I can watch my friends play video games
and talk to them and chat and be a little bit social.
And that's kind of what I do.
And in my opinion, that's G4's biggest competitor.
So I guess they're smart to team up with Twitch a little bit.
But yeah, Bobby Black Wolf says, but are they streaming like they're on traditional
cable in a streaming service?
It's just not a streaming service you have.
It's on that Phylos or whatever.
So cool.
Yeah, Phylo you can do like through like smart TV and stuff.
I've watched a little bit of the Hell's Kitchen uncensored channel.
I watched a lot of the RuPaul's Drag Race channel and that was a thing.
But they got rid of that.
And then I watched some of the Survivor channel that shows that the old ass episode
survivor on Pluto TV.
That's about that's about the most channel stuff I've watched on those free streaming
services. Oh, I take that back.
My TV has something built into it.
What's Samsung's streaming service?
The Samsung TVs have something built into it and they have a game show channel.
And I do watch that.
I forgot about that. So I will I'll give you that.
Pluto's fun when they've got because they have the dedicated Mr.
Sans here, three thousand channels, which are always fun.
OK, Mike Deff says smart TV, I have it too, so.
All right. Anyway, let's move on.
I think we're to Dark Sakura.
Are we? Well, you know, I am a big fan of of the analog company and a lot of the
things that they put out and I really do want one of these just they're expensive.
The analog pocket that's supposed to play all these delightful things.
It's getting its own operating system when it launches and it is going to launch later
this year. Now, tell me when the freakin' analog duo is coming up, because that's what
I want more. Anyway.
They are going to come out with analog OS, which they call, quote, a definitive
scholarly operating system that lets users explore, discover and play through all of
video game history.
It is a fairly minimalist operating system to which I'm rather pleased about, but it
has its library that has a database that was built by the group at Analog that shows
a system by system, game by game, region by region, developer by developer, publisher
by publisher, revision by revision, a complete and total history of video games.
And that, I have to say, it's it's gorgeous.
I like it. And on top of that, I mean, some of the other things, too, is that you can
organize your your games and create gaming playlists.
That and you can share your playlist with other people.
And you can track when you play, it's got like all kinds of other other interesting
tools in it with a nice OLED display, but that the OS is it looks really, really beautiful.
You know me, I like something that's clean looking that that's just simple and easy to
pick up. But the fact that it's got so much gaming history attached to it is honestly
it's what I really, really am excited for.
I, I more and more want one of these things.
Plus, it has dark mode and you have like classic screen modes and all kinds of different
features for the different systems that are portrayed in the gaming.
And I'm absolutely delighted by this.
Yeah, it looks really neat, like I kind of want to get one of these, too, just because it
looks like such a great way to kind of play the old games.
They have a very strong kind of like anti ROM stance, too, like they're very much like
this is for cartridges, not for ROM.
Well, I think they're just saying that the the they're just trying to clarify that the OS
is not allowing you to pirate stuff.
The system is meant to be like a physical, you know.
Physical game device, but like the fact that it plays HuCards.
And I think it plays both varieties of HuCards.
I mean, my Turbo Express is kind of beat.
It would be nice to to have something like this.
Yeah. Plus, you could always get like a never drive or something like that if you
wanted to load your own ROMs and.
Yeah.
All right, well, moving on a few more stories here before we get to the classic game of
the week, but first.
Loki.
So Epic has finally admitted what we've already all known since the absolute beginning of
time that, yes, Fortnite's imposter mode might have been inspired by Among Us.
It may have been, you know, a little bit.
So, yeah, basically said that, you know, in their, I guess, update notes or whatever,
they said, you know, version 18.20 brings improvements to imposters, the game mode
inspired by Among Us from Intersloth.
So they do mention that, you know, they finally do credit them.
Of course, you know, Intersloth said, you know, hey, we didn't really necessarily we
didn't patent the mechanics for Among Us because they don't think it's healthy for the
game industry to do that.
And I think the thought is that there's going to be some sort of maybe crossover between
Among Us and Fortnite that they're going to do something with that maybe.
And that's why now they're kind of shaking hands and, you know.
So among us team, don't sell out, don't do it, don't.
So we'll see, but thank you, Epic, for doing the bare minimum.
I think you're right, right, though, that it could be leading to something bigger, but
we'll see.
All right.
I mean, yeah, it's.
Well, moving on to before we get to the classic game of the week, obviously, a lot of
people loving Metroid Dread, but don't run into the bug that is in the game that apparently
is really screwing people up on being able to finish the game because the title will
close out and causes an error that says the software was closed because an error
occurred. Apparently, if you destroy a door while a map marker for that door is displayed
on the map, it will crash the game, which seems a little silly.
Nintendo says if you just restart and before this happens, take off the icon door map
marker and then the error won't occur and the game can continue.
So that seems easy enough to avoid.
But Nintendo will be patching the game.
You don't often hear about Nintendo having to do bug fix patches because they come from
an era when you couldn't do that.
So but that they're doing it.
So they're going to it isn't the first time.
Obviously, we just talked about an Animal Crossing patch, so they're going to fix this
with a patch. And I think it's supposed to be a little later this month.
I think I was hearing is when they were planning to put that out.
So that'll be good for people trying to get past that.
But it is very interesting that the game launched with a bug kind of like that, that left
some folks getting their games restarted on them, which would have.
It would have made me unhappy if I ran into that, I guess I still could, but I haven't
really been using map markers, so I probably won't.
All right, I'm going to our chat before we get to our next segment.
Zen Monkey in chat says the Among Us team already sold out.
They promised an Among Us 2 and Among Us 1 going totally free and open source.
Then they saw how popular the first one got.
So they saw dollar signs and changed their roadmap.
Um, I kind of see that, but at the same time, there's a part of me that thinks that sort of
success, they they kind of earned it.
They made a cultural phenomenon type of thing.
I get the hold they were going to make it open source and then they didn't.
Kind of seems as them going back on their word.
I would guess one day this game will lose its popularity and steam and all that stuff.
And they'll probably come around and release the source code like they did with Doom, like
all the stuff to probably like depending on the success of it, because obviously like a
smaller game or something like that, they probably have no problem with like, they're
like, OK, well, we released it.
All right. Didn't really do that.
Great. OK, we'll go ahead and release the source code because why not?
We'll move on from there. And then it became a huge phenomenon.
They're like. All right, well, now we have to go a different approach.
I could see that.
Yeah, people can change their minds.
And Mike Deaf says, who's buying their official Among Us costume for Halloween?
I don't think they did not have any Among Us Halloween costumes when I went.
I haven't seen it, but I'm sure it's out there.
Now, if you want Fortnite costumes, well, there's a whole section in the store for Fortnite.
All right. Can I be sexy Fortnite?
Because that's that's a Halloween is it's sexy.
Probably. I am I'm guessing I mean, ironically, yes, I think you can.
And I swear that I have seen those like kind of posts where it's showing the stupidest
like sexy costumes that they have.
And I'm pretty sure I did see one with like the llama pinata thing as like a sexy costume.
So it was just like it's blue and purple bikinis and a llama head.
It makes no sense.
E3 Vielenchat says squid game costume this year.
But that's a sexy did not have those sexy squid game.
I'm into it. It's too soon for like the Halloween store chains to actually have those
because they manufacture the stuff way in advance.
So they did not get in on the squid game stuff this year.
Now, Amazon and all the other like shops online.
Yeah, of course, you can do that.
I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that in Rocky for Rocky in two weeks.
I'm going to do sexy squid game.
I can't wait. All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Are you are you going to dress up like the doll?
I already know. I already know how to.
I could dress up as the doll.
That's one way to do it. But I think what to do.
I'll wear for the top up like a tank top with the number like on it in green and then the
bottom. I'm just going to have like probably I'll just wear like green undies that come up
pretty high. Like it's you know, I'm willing to wear it on the Rocky stage, but not much
beyond that, that and then like green fishnets and green heels.
That's that's my idea for sexy squid game.
So and then then what I'll do is I'll actually like I'll have a squid for one of my arms and
I'll make jokes about the tentacles.
Anyway. All right.
Tyre class says, what if you dress up as the squid kids from Splatoon?
I don't want to bring things for kids into these costume crazy costume ideas I have.
So pass pretty.
Yeah. Bonds 006 says, Rob, my girlfriend asked if you will do sexy squid game costume on
the podcast. Oh, this this is where we I should I should hold it hostage for money.
We'll see. We'll see what kind of mood I mean.
Here's the thing. There are rules of what you can and can't do on Twitch.
So I will probably only be able to do it from the top up on Twitch.
You can't do that on Twitch a vision.
Yeah, you can't do that on Twitch a vision.
All right. Let's move on to a time when things were less sexy for Halloween.
These are pretty bad and homemade.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time or I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
As Joe 100 Matt says, there was a time before sexy Halloween costumes.
I think so. At least there was a time when this game existed.
And it's it's not that sexy.
It's kind of loud. It's older than a lot of you.
Yes. Darcacro, what is this game that we're looking at?
The game that I picked is Monaco GP.
Now I'm going to take a step back.
A lot of people know Monaco GP as a more modern racer, but not so.
This is the original Monaco GP.
It is an arcade racing game that was released by Sega in November 1979 and came out in
North America, January 1980.
It has a very specific, special thing about it, and that is that it was the last Sega
game to use TTL based logic circuits instead of microprocessor based CPUs, transistor to
transistor logic, by the way.
It has 100 chips across two circuit boards, sprites and different images are are stored
on a small ROM chip, and then the sound effects and other things are stored.
They're actually generated by an operational amplifier and other analog circuitry.
So the scoring is done via LEDs on the cabinet, kind of old school pinball style,
including players high scores in the high score table.
And basically it's a race against the clock.
You are racing your little cars through five different areas.
You have rival cars that will get faster.
The road will narrow.
The surface changes to ice and gravel.
There are also for this arcade game, there were multiple cabinets out.
There was a deluxe cockpit cabinet that you would sit behind the steering wheel.
We had these a long time ago, y'all.
And then you also, of course, had the stand up versions.
But yeah, Monaco GP has had many a port and it really did sort of get that racing genre really big.
I mean, we also had around the same time, you know, pole positions coming out.
We had other racing games and this one was among the top three highest grossing
driving games of 1979 in Japan and the top five in 1980.
And in America, it was the top grossing driving game of 1981.
And it still remained in the Japanese charts through 83.
In the US, it remained in charts through 87.
So, I mean, look at that.
It's really, yeah.
And it's hard to find a good long play of the arcade one.
I did link another one that has better sound that's from the arcade.
But to go through it, there was an upgraded version that was pro Monaco GP that came out in 1980.
And then later on, it was ported to the SG1000 in 1983.
It also had later releases as a Super Monaco GP and Aiten Senn as a Super Monaco GP 2.
So, this one as well.
I mean, like I said, it was very well received and it's been re-released, you know, had sequels and everything.
But it even had re-released a remake, sorry, for PlayStation 2 and the Sega Aegis 2500 collection.
And it had a bunch of different add-ons, including more cars and game modes.
And the remake itself improved some of the gameplay that people were a little bit iffy about on the original.
So, I mean, there's a person from Replay, Eddie Adium, I'm going to say, I'm going to hope I pronounced it right.
That said that Monaco GP is one of the, quote, most evergreen games to come out from 1979.
And I, honestly, there's not really enough I can say about it really.
It is a fairly obvious, fairly simple game.
But this is, again, the late 70s when this came out.
And it was a fairly, I would say, involved game for its time.
Now, we might call it simple now, but this game really did a lot of stuff.
And like I said, it was one of the last old school style TTL machines that Sega put out.
So it does have that distinction.
But that's it.
I was going to say, can I tell an interesting story about this game real quick?
Let me surprise you.
So I don't know if my dad is still out there watching.
He texted a picture earlier that he was watching.
So, hi, dad, if you're out there and thanks for watching tonight.
But way back in the day, we had a Commodore 64.
And I've talked about the C64 era a lot on this show.
And one of the games that my dad found and bought for this Commodore 64 that we had was a game called Le Mans.
And I remember that game quite fondly as one of the first games I really played when I was younger on that Commodore 64,
because it used the paddle, used that unique like Atari paddle kind of.
Actually, no, it was because you could plug the Atari controllers into the Commodore 64.
I forgot that that was like a thing.
So you use the paddle controller with it.
It was this game.
It was literally the exact same thing as this game down to the nighttime levels were in that as well.
So like it was very much a clone, a rip off or whatever of this.
And I never realized, you know, because I just always thought when I saw this type of game, I was like, oh, it's Le Mans.
And I'm like, oh, my God, it was inspired by this game.
So it was like a Commodore's clone of Monaco GP, which is so crazy to me.
So, yeah, one of my first first gaming memories is that game.
And so essentially it's this.
And I'm sure the audio, sorry if the audio kind of bugs a little bit, but it is, you know, it's a late 70s game.
I didn't have a lot of great audio, but the Commodore 64 version was really no better in that regard.
You know, it was like that constant engine noise you would hear in the game.
But I think that's just so interesting how it existed in my memory as a different game.
But that was one that was, in fact, inspired by this.
So. All right.
There it is. Excellent choice.
Dark Sakura, the classic game of the week is Monaco GP by Sega.
I am glad people approve of my choice.
Yeah. All right.
It's older than a lot of you kids.
Get off my lawn.
Sure is. It's about as old as I am.
Get me my pink drink and get off my lawn.
All right. Let's get into some rapid fire news.
Let's get to it. Loki.
Yes, so apparently Epic is thinking that, well, since they have all of the Halloween costumes now, that, hey, why not?
Let's expand out into scripted video programming, in other words, movies for Fortnite.
So perhaps we'll see a Fortnite movie or a Fortnite Netflix series or something to that effect.
But it is something that they are considering.
And why not? Because it is a pop culture phenomenon and they like money.
So, of course, they're going to do that.
So we'll have to wait and see. Fun times.
And then there's also the word basically with the announcement we had last week of Kingdom Hearts coming to the Switch via cloud versions.
They were asked if, you know, there is a way to get this to run natively instead of via the cloud service.
And it's something that they're, you know, not sure they're undecided on trying to pursue.
But it is, you know.
It's not going to happen on this hardware, I'm going to tell you that right now, but we'll like to to think that, you know, maybe they'll figure out a way to do it.
I mean, they did it with The Witcher 3.
I don't know why they can't do this, but we'll see.
All right, Dark Sakura.
So there is a release date now for Gate of Nightmares.
It is going to be out, it's a JRPG done by Mashima Ahido, who is also behind Fairy Tail.
It's going to be released on October 26th for iOS and Android.
And it's looking like it's going to be pretty fun.
So, yeah, October 26, go get it.
I think that looks really neat.
I love that art style, too.
And sadder news, though, for fans of Rocksmith, of which I know three.
While Ubisoft is working on Rocksmith Plus, the original Rocksmith from 2011 and all of its DLC
are being removed from digital stores that is starting on today on the 17th.
So as of today, it's being pulled and delisted.
We all know somebody who used to work on Rocksmith, not let's not say them on air, but we all do.
Yeah, yeah, but I'm talking about the people who actually are good at this and learned to play freaking guitar from it.
It was my idea.
Yeah, well, I mean, we're going to have another one, just the old ones going away.
Right. Out with the old and with the new, I guess.
Yeah, the old was 10 years old.
It's fine. Yeah, true.
It's dated. Like this program.
Girl. All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out that hot new current stuff that all the kids are going to be talking about and the release dates from this week.
Loki, we'll start with you and the U.S. release dates.
Yes. So this week we have the Caligula Effect 2 on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
Dying Light Platinum Edition on Nintendo Switch.
Corpse Party on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X.
Disciples Liberation on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X.
Echo Generation, which I'm very much looking forward to, this is an awesome looking game.
Xbox One, Xbox Series X.
We have Ever Tried on Nintendo Switch.
Ghaul, the Hero Slayer on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Toy Soldiers HD on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And last but not least, the Dark Pictures Anthology House of Ashes on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X.
I can't believe you'd be leaving out this title I'm looking at for the Nintendo Switch.
That's definitely Game of the Year material.
It's my friend, Peppa Pig, is out on the switch this week in the U.S.
How dare you, Loki?
It's not on my list, so I'm not sure if it actually is.
Oh, it's on my list.
It's lies.
Somehow on mine.
All right. Anyway, moving over to Japan and checking out releases over there.
Blue Reflection, second light on the switch this week.
And Archetype Arcadia is out this week in Japan.
That's it really for the Nintendo Switch.
Taking a look at the PlayStation 5 this week in Japan.
I don't think we have anything at all.
Let me take a slow week all over.
It is all over. I'm just briefly looking at the PlayStation 4.
That same Blue Reflection, second light, Archetype Arcadia.
Both those games also on the PlayStation 4.
But that's really it. Yeah, slow week out there, too.
Darsakra, how about the UK?
Only three things, and that's for the 22nd.
We have the Dark Pictures Triple Pack for PlayStation and Xbox.
We have my friend, Peppa Pigu.
I'm sorry, Pig.
I'm going to Photoshop her into Pig, by the way.
That's on PlayStation, Xbox and Switch.
And then on Xbox and PlayStation, again,
we have the Dark Pictures Anthology, House of Ashes.
All right.
That's it for the release date.
Oh, go ahead.
For the record, speaking of Pigu, I forgot to mention.
OK, I got to pick the name for Pig in our friend
Nick and Princess Nuzlocke thing today.
And her name is Amanda Lorien.
I like these cute little things since you brought that up in general talk,
not just DBD, but obviously you and I watch a lot of the streams we see a lot.
I like these cute little challenges that streamers come up for themselves with this.
And I guess this whole Nuzlocke thing is based off a Pokemon concept.
It is a lot of Pokemon streamers kind of do and started in that whole regard.
So I like these cute little challenges that people develop
for themselves on Twitch. I think it's cute.
So I just like that he's letting everyone pick nicknames, but I actually
did my sub in such a way that I got to actually just straight out pick a name.
So so, yeah, so as a result of that, I actually
I hate seeing photoshopped because I don't use Photoshop anymore.
I affinity photoed a picture of pig instead of wearing the pig mask.
She's wearing the Mandalorian helmet. Perfect.
I'm very proud of my work.
And then she was instantly eliminated from the Nuzlocke the first game.
I'm just kidding. No, I didn't.
I actually actually made it back for the last half of the first game
because I thought I'd have time to go do my makeup and everything.
And it was it was a pig who was winner.
Oh, fun. OK, it was best do.
Let's move on. We have some more stories for you guys due to the late start tonight.
I think we're going to kind of pick up the pace with these last few stories here.
And because I know we have at least two emails tonight
and I want to see if we can try to squeeze in a call or two.
But to do that, we're going to go through these stories a little faster than usual.
It's just, I think, like five stories. So we'll start with Loki.
Yeah, so Sony's finally letting us buy PlayStation fives directly from them.
They put up a website to go ahead and do that.
You have to put your username in there to try to restrict it.
One per household.
Also, probably the fact that, you know, a lot of these other bigger chains
like Best Buy and stuff are scalping them, which is nice.
So, yeah, if you're interested in purchasing a PlayStation five,
then you probably want to go to PlayStation dot com to their register
the buy page and register to do that to see if you can pick one up.
You know, Jason kind of referenced that in the intro tonight
about how the retailers must not be so happy about the hat.
But I also kind of don't scalp it.
Yeah, I also see why it's in Sony's interest to do that,
especially when we talk about, you know, these shortages of consoles.
You know, we had that story about Microsoft a couple of weeks ago.
These shortages don't look like they're going to ease up anytime soon.
That's a lot of what we're hearing about in the news.
News outside of gaming world is like how, you know,
the ships are having troubles getting into docks
because there's not as many workers, the docks, et cetera.
It's kind of having this ripple effect.
Or is it all because of that ship that was stuck in the Suez Canal?
Is it all because of that is all because of the evergreen that is happening?
I don't know. I shouldn't.
I shouldn't laugh because it is a lot of problems.
But yeah, now we're hearing about these supply chains are picking up.
But that isn't probably going to have much impact,
unfortunately, on PlayStation five.
So. All right.
And as Joe and her mat says, not really today's
and referring to today's problems, are they caused by the evergreen?
But it was a problem for a bit.
And Mike Deaf says it's column A, column B. All right. All right.
Moving on. I think this is interesting.
The all chat or slash all chat is being disabled,
at least for a brief time in League of Legends there.
The developers have made a decision to keep this off for a couple of patches
and ask players for feedback.
So usually you can use slash all to chat with folks from the other team
after a match.
And as I'm sure that goes well in many cases, right?
I'm sure people know how to behave themselves
and respect the other players at the end of a match.
I haven't played League of Legends because the one time I did play it,
somebody used that all feature to say something.
And I decided I didn't want to play anymore.
So I can and you know, it's interesting.
I think this could be a response.
Maybe this is me being a little tinfoil hatty, but I don't care.
I think this could be a response to Pokemon Unite.
And why a lot of people are kind of loving that MOBA right now.
Now, granted, maybe I kind of stopped playing it,
but I've kind of kept an eye on it
and I see some streamers that are still doing it and stuff.
And I think part of why people are apt to play that game
is because there is no chat feature and that, you know,
you only have the brief little phrases you can say to each other.
It's enough to send some basic communication about the game.
And sure, there's some things that annoy people,
like people voting to abandon a game too soon and things like that.
But for the most part,
not having to put up with the straight up toxic and abusive chat
that sometimes faces the player chat at the end of a game
is probably a refreshing feeling. Quite frankly.
I wish they do this in Dead by Daylight, too.
I would not miss that postgame chat one bit.
So anyway, that's why I think the Windows store
is actually the best place to play Dead by Daylight.
Actually, Stadia is not bad either, because you can kind of like see it,
but you're not expected to participate in that chat.
But anyway. All right.
Also, you can still see with what League of Legends is doing,
the control one, two, three, four spam emotes and things like that.
So it's not going to stop teabagging or anything like that.
However, it seems like this might not last long.
The reaction to this change has been negative.
People saying that, you know, when they actually bond with people
and when the system works well, they kind of miss that.
And that the toxic behavior is actually happening with team chats.
And I could absolutely see that and agree with that as well.
This has been clarified on Twitter that they're just testing this
and they will keep or reverse the change based on the feedback they get.
They should just let people opt in or out of those chats completely, quite frankly.
Mike Defton chat says, people are still hella toxic in Unite, though. How?
I guess maybe just through emotes or their actions.
I could see that that maybe people through there,
like they start to do actions that negatively impact the team.
I could see that you're just you're not going to get unfortunate.
Like people are going to be shitty any way they can sometimes, unfortunately. So.
And fifth dream says, even the Pokemon moba is toxic.
So I bet that all chat is terrible.
All right.
Let's see.
Mike Defton says, though, I prefer Unite to other MOBAs.
All those comments coming from our chat over Twitch.TV slash VOG Network.
Dark Sakura.
So this isn't really like super surprising,
but it turns out that video game industry has really been learning that
a lot of people are able to work from home.
They can work remotely
as long as they've got the machinery that they need for it.
But yeah, like, for example,
Asper Media,
who's based out of Austin, Texas,
working on Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic remake.
They're great with it.
They're letting their people work from home,
and they are highly productive when doing it.
Whereas some of these other companies like, no, you have to be here.
Like you make someone sign an NDA and they can work from home.
I mean, there's a lot of advantages to it,
as well as just keeping their employees safe and giving
giving them a healthier work life balance, I think,
because they don't have to worry about, you know, the commute, the gas,
the not seeing their their home, I guess that makes sense.
But actually being present in a dedicated space for it,
then they can leave and they're already home.
That's how I feel about my job anyway.
Right. I could see where, you know, I know a lot of video game companies
have been struggling with the whole work at home thing
because there is so much collaboration that happens.
I just I would think a hybrid solution is probably very doable
for a lot of companies.
We're like, maybe we're in the office Tuesday, Thursday,
but we're work from home Monday, Wednesday, Friday, something like that,
where, you know, so at least some of some of those collaborations can happen.
But I would also greatly see, A, I haven't worked in the game industry,
so I don't really know.
B, I could see where maybe that works for some companies, not for others.
And OK, so.
But I'm not surprised to hear that some of the companies
are going to stick with it.
I'm really not because, you know, the companies can also look at it
as we can save on not having to rent a giant building for all the office space.
We can have a small place for the occasional collaborations
and things like that, but we don't need all this space otherwise.
I think that's I think that's going to be the most interesting thing post
pandemic is what happens to a lot of these these job places
where the workforces are going completely remote.
Are they going to be like a collaborative workspace
and you're going to see more of those type of pop up?
I wouldn't be mad about it.
I mean, honestly enough, like I was actually just kind of thinking
about where I work.
They just built a huge new building in Austin for our group there,
and they're doing all kinds of building work for for us at mine.
You know, not saying where I work,
but at the same time, it.
I think half of the reason that some companies want people to be
in in a location is for culture, at least that's what it is with with my job.
A lot of it has to do with our culture of collaboration.
But at the same time, you know, I think that.
There has to come a point where you need to learn
to balance the bigger picture with that culture,
and I don't think culture has suffered at all where I work.
We're still collaborating and we're still talking.
You know, we're still helping each other out.
We're just doing it remotely now.
It just changed the method of our communication.
Same for us, and we do very different things at our day jobs. Exactly.
Critical myth in chat says my company is leasing out parts
of our corporate buildings since they have so many of us working remotely now.
S.J. 100 Matt says my job was forced to go full remote during the pandemic
due to the pandemic.
Excuse me. And we were forced to figure it out.
Now we have no plans of being back in an office again.
So it's possible if companies support their staff to get the right equipment.
And I should have had Matt not to like talk about your business on air too much.
So I apologize in advance.
But aren't you like moving to now?
So because like you don't have to commute as much anymore.
Like I thought I was picking up on that was a thing.
And you're not alone in that regard.
There's a lot of people.
And you even said in chat there, oh, you moved a year ago.
Shit, I'm slow, aren't I?
But OK, so but the point and the why so kind of stands, right?
S.J. 100 Matt says it's already a huge problem in New York City and San Francisco.
I'm so curious what San Francisco is going to look like in 10 years.
So curious.
I love San Francisco.
I love the culture. I love the town.
It's always been prohibitively expensive to do a lot there.
So I'm super curious to see what this is going to do.
Going to be interesting.
Anyway, go ahead.
I was also just thinking, you know.
There's a lot of attitudes,
I think, that are rooted in the old way.
Does that make sense?
So I think that it's going to require not just you have to do this for now,
but there has to be like a total shift of mindset.
My work wants us back in January.
I don't think it's going to happen.
Ours are well, we we've pretty much said we're going to be work
from home is an option forever, pretty much.
But they want to do some things in person, which I get like training.
They want to do in person, which is very near and dear to my heart.
And I completely get that.
I should say when it makes sense.
There are some trainings still virtual is completely fine.
But I totally get there are some job
skill based training they really want to do in person.
So I think it's just a matter of when is it safe to do that really?
And that kind of keeps getting pushed back for us as well.
And I they're not they're not saying when I'm
but I'm guessing January is what they're looking at,
but kind of not saying anything until they're going to commit to it this time.
If that makes sense.
No.
Mine mine said September and then October and now January and.
I still don't feel comfortable going back, but it is what it is.
Yeah. All right.
Let's move on to our next story, Loki.
All right, so we're talking about speed runners,
of course, when we're talking about cheating, and that's the case
with Barry Mode's record for, I believe, the classic Spelunky.
And it was found that he had used, I think, a.
Program to basically kind of it's almost like a task where he was able to
basically reset points where he.
Died in like redo that section.
So he said, well, I, you know, I ran it,
but, you know, I just remove the this I eliminated the starting over factor,
because that's why a big part of speed running is hard.
So he doesn't really think that he cheated, but obviously his
he's deleted his video, they posted online, they submitted to
the speed running scene and also, of course,
didn't confess to any of this stuff until it was pointed out
that there was a missing tile that was appearing any time that the screen changed.
And that was a symptom of a certain program that it's used to kind of automate that.
Shame, shame.
Pixel pockets and chat says, wow.
Yeah.
Wow.
Indeed.
All right.
Yeah.
And it was apparently it was such a good record that, you know,
no one's been able to beat it.
Well, yeah, obviously, because, you know, wasn't all through one run, but.
Yeah, what are you going to do?
All right.
I know disqualify him.
That's what you're going to do.
That's what you're going to do.
All right.
Lastly, tonight, before we get to the roundtable,
I want to talk about this, I think this is great.
The Xbox Series X fridge is happening.
It's a real thing and you can preorder it.
Here's the thing.
They made it a mini fridge, I guess, to make it a little more consumer.
I'm assuming with all the problems going on with deliveries in the world,
so probably makes it a little easier to deliver on to.
But the Xbox mini fridge will be available for the holidays.
The fridge costs one hundred dollars and preorder start in two days.
So the 19th.
So, yeah, the mini fridge, of course, is like the actual fridge that Xbox tweeted.
I think they who think if they give one to Snoop Dogg and somebody else, I think.
Yeah. So they gave the fridge the fridge.
But the mini fridge will still be great for storing your weed.
If you want to put that in there and a couple of sodas or whatever.
So anyway, I think that's great.
I think that's so funny. I actually kind of want one.
I'm going to be honest.
I imagine it's the size of an actual Xbox console.
I think that's really cool.
Mike Deff says I would buy it.
Fifth Dream says store your KFC in it.
Sure. Although I hope you I hope you like Kentucky Fried Gold.
Anyway, I think that's great.
All right, let's get to the roundtable.
We will try to get I don't know if anybody wants to call.
Join the green room so I can get an idea how many calls we have.
But I know we have emails tonight, so I'm going to get to it.
Oh, Bobby Black Wolf says, considering it for the basement.
Oh, do it. It looks so good down there, Bobby.
Right out right outside of Black Wolf Theater.
It'd be great, especially, you know, keep some keep some sodas in there and, you know,
maybe wine or beer if you're so inclined that people can enjoy while they're having a movie.
I love that. Love that.
Pixel Pocket says they said it can hold 12 cans.
So it's probably a little bigger than just your typical Xbox Series X.
Yeah, that makes sense. Probably a little bigger.
So anyway, your emails participate at orange.traded.com.
And it's I feel like for weeks and weeks on the show, I've said no emails, no emails, no emails.
And now we got three.
Yeah, we got a few. Let's get to it.
Dark Sakura.
So first one's a little long.
OK. Hello, LR.
I was catching up on slightly out of date episodes and I figured I'd drop a line.
But since I can't fit a fishing line in here, an email will happen instead.
Whomp.
During the October 3rd episode, there was a bit of confusion regarding two games,
Paddle Dipon and Puzzle Dipon.
The confusion is totally understandable.
I didn't realize it at the time I was listening, but both games were actually released in Japan during the same year.
With such similar games and release dates, it's no wonder they're easy to confuse.
Amazingly, despite its undoubtedly low distribution for the U.S., Puzzle Dipon, the first puzzle bobble style game ever released
by Visco for Neo Geo, came out in America first before anyone had ever played Tetris Attack.
The game that many of us are familiar with Tetris Attack was the North American rebranding of Paddle Dipon,
which actually released for SNES the following year, 1996, which is this
that I just showed up on on cam for those who are watching live.
But the truly most astounding fact about both games is that according to the O.L.R.
fandom page, neither one has been featured as an O.L.R.
classic game of the week.
As a fan of both games, I would love to see both are one of them honored sometime in the future.
Well, if wishes were fishes.
Anyway, Dark Sakura will consider your request and get back to you in an appropriate time frame when she feels is appropriate.
Which will be a very long time.
There was something Rob mentioned during the same episode that I found to be pretty funny.
He said he'd been to round one and played the latest version of Beatmania 2DX28 Beastrover.
Well, guess what? As of October 13th, there was no longer the latest version.
Beatmania 2DX29 Cast Hour is available.
So sorry, Rob. You have not, in fact, played the latest version lol.
I think somebody called that out live in chat or on Twitter or something.
Yeah, so that's I'm still waiting for that round one out in Roseville nearby.
When Misty was here, I don't think I brought this up on the show.
Long time fan of the show, super fan, Misty OLR was out here last weekend.
And she and I went on a she wanted in and out because, of course, East Coasters, they come visit, they want in and out.
So we went. But I was like, well, we have time.
So you didn't say which in and out something you do the in and out by Golf Land.
So we drove all the way out to that one.
And then I was like, while we're out here, let's point and laugh at Golf Land.
So we did that. And then I said, let's go to the mall because I want to see how far along the round one construction.
Is sadly, it doesn't look like it's quite done yet.
The movie theater looks like the movie theater looks like it'll open first.
Yes. They had the poster frames out.
They have the the movie theater says coming twenty twenty one and round one says coming twenty twenty two.
So it's not going to be this year.
By that time, thirtieth style will be out.
Anyway, and I was I was peeking in there, too, because we just went to the mall this week and I was peeking in
because they have doors open to see the construction.
It's it's all empty in there.
Like, I don't think they're anywhere close to opening.
Oh, wow. All right.
And I'm sorry. Sorry, Dr.
Zarka, you may continue.
OK, I'll leave you all with this.
I've decided for the second year in a row to do a charity Twitch stream around my birthday in mid-November,
during which I attempt the Ohio DDR Max 300 birthday challenge.
Basically, you have to clear Max 300 as many times as your age,
with at least half of those being on the hardest difficulty you can pass.
So for me this year, that means forty two times twenty one of them on expert
exact date charity and other details to be announced later.
But last year I supported Feeding America and most likely I'll be doing that again.
I hope that some of you will join me as long as you can stand listening to the same song forty two times.
I promise I'll make it as interesting as I possibly can.
Thanks, as usual, for the show and have a great week.
Why? Why are I figured it had to be why? Why are good luck?
I will not be joining you in participating, but I will if you're streaming or whatever, I'll happily join you to say hello.
So and cheer you on, because that sounds like a heart attack for me.
But I love that for you.
And I hope you're able, you know, don't push yourself.
Listen, your body, if your body says stop, stop.
That's my only that's that's going to be my my dad moment
there for somebody who's going to be a year younger than me.
All right. But good luck with it and yay for charity.
Next email real fast.
Hello, O.L.R.
Last week, Rob mentioned having some comfort issues when playing Metroid Dread.
I was wondering if you've been using the switch pro controller when you play it.
I just beat the game over the weekend, and at one point I switched
a handheld mode and played most of the Joy-Cons.
And yeah, it didn't feel comfy with Metroid, since it's a lot of usage of triggers.
It's a night and day difference to play that game using a pro controller.
Anyways, I hope you're enjoying it.
Fusion is my favorite 2D Metroid, but this game might be even better for me.
Now I'm just looking forward to a successor to one of my favorite games
ever made, Metroid Prime. Keep on playing Garth Wolf.
Well, you probably heard it early in the show, but I am using a pro controller,
specifically the Splatoon with the green and pink on the bottom.
And you can go about my my personal channel doesn't have the videos.
So you go right to the end of the last stream and you can kind of see when I'm
like kind of hurting and I explain it a little more what I'm going through.
That's very ironic because Shane, who's still in chat.
So correct me if I'm wrong, played the game with those regular Joy-Con controllers,
but they were plugged.
I think he just played the switch in portable most of it.
So you're just kind of plugged in there.
And he, as he said, he didn't have any problems.
So I think it just it really depends on the person.
It sounds like let's be real, probably partially the age in my case.
Who knows? Anyway, I'm I'm
I'm favorable to the game.
It just I had to shift my mindset a little bit.
It wasn't what I was expecting at first, but I appreciate what it's trying to do.
Again, the control, the controller thing is just that red flag emoji meme.
That's all. Anyhow, that's all I have to say.
Last email. Hi all.
To be a tad different with this email compared to my previous ones,
I figured that I would provide answers to a question that folks may have
regarding gaming after a stroke, but for whatever reasons haven't been asked.
I kind of know already, but
well, what it's like trying to game now that I've had a stroke compared to before.
Well, it's a lot harder seeing as I only have the use of my left hand.
Some games can easily be played one handed, like some pinball games.
Magic and Diablo, other games like first person shooters and fighting games.
I haven't figured out a way to play them effectively yet.
It's incredibly frustrating. Is it possible?
I don't know.
Maybe any game that can be played
with the mouse only or can be played with rebound keys are doable.
If anyone wants additional info, feel free to ask and chat tangentially.
Tonight might be my last dream for a while.
I'm moving in the morning and I don't know if.
I don't what's an NRE place has Internet.
So. Yeah, ask. Ask.
No one really.
Again, sorry, you're going through that.
But and the moving and everything.
Good luck with the move.
Moving is a pain, but good luck with all that.
We're not going to be here next week anyway.
So it gives you two weeks to find a Wi-Fi to steal.
So I hope that works out in your favor for what that is worth.
I think it meant for streaming.
Oh, well, yeah, just to get get a Wi-Fi connection to stream the show.
Just to do his streaming, I think. Oh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah.
That might be a difficult for sure.
Yeah. So. All right.
But thanks for the email, nonetheless.
And I always like to hear from gamers perspectives from their shoes.
You know, we've heard from over the years gamers in other countries
who it's not as easy to buy video games.
We've heard from gamers who are blind and, you know, have faced
those type of challenges.
And we get to hear about some of those types of workarounds.
I always like to kind of hear from gamers that make us kind of stop
and think and kind of go like, oh, this is this is,
you know, gaming is for everyone, right?
So I kind of like to hear like how some people, the lengths
that they'll go to make sure that they get the gaming experiences.
I think that's a good thing for us all to be aware of, too.
I still say look for switch controls like next switch.
Because they make those for quadriplegics.
And I know people who are like
doom masters and play with their neck.
Only She-Hulk in chat reminding us Microsoft has a great controller
for that as well.
So that's yes, that's a great call out, too.
So well, and I think that's any Apple product comes with switch control
built in. Hmm. Cool. So.
All right. Oh, I didn't check to see if we had a green room.
OK, we don't have any callers that want to call in tonight.
But I think we're at about 830, which is usually would be wrapping up anyway.
The podcast is going to seem a little smaller,
but that's because, of course, we got a late start tonight.
We didn't start till 630 because the power outage.
So thanks for that up.
Let me quickly, though, before we completely wrap up tonight,
check in with any last minute stories, Loki.
Just that Sony has threatened
dbrand with legal action because they were offering those alternative
black face plates for the PlayStation five.
And while dbrand
did mention that the texture that were on those face
plates was familiar, but legally distinct.
Apparently, it wasn't as legally distinct as they thought.
So, yeah, those have been taken down and they made a shit post
about it on Reddit instead of, you know, responding to Sony.
Obi Wan Jabroni in chat says, I have those plates.
How do you like them?
Was it worth it? Legit, curious.
I don't even have PlayStation five still.
It's probably not going to happen this holiday,
but probably next summer, I'll end up getting one.
That's about the right time frame.
So anything else, Loki?
No, that's it. All right.
Well, then let me take an opportunity to thank everybody
for supporting Orange Launch Radio and coming out,
whether you were listening live here on Sunday night
and stuck through the power outage and all that stuff to actually
be here live with us tonight. I appreciate that.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thanks to my hosts for being patient.
Thanks to Bobby Blackwell for vamping in the face of that silly power outage.
I did get a nice reply from social media person for the power company here.
So, yeah, they said, I hope you were able to do your show.
Sorry, we're working to get it done or something like that.
So, you know, at least with them, like with Smud,
like I had to say that their customer service has actually been pretty great
because we've had it before where they will call me when the power is out.
They're like, hey, we know that your power is out, you know, like
and I wasn't even home.
I was like, oh, OK, it's going to be restored at this time, you know.
So they preemptively call, whereas like if Comcast was out,
they'd be just like, we don't exist.
I don't I don't have a problem with the power company here.
They are pretty good.
I'm I'm very happy with who we have compared to the alternative
that the rest of the state has most of the rest of the state has.
So and I'll I'll I'll send a nice reply to their social media person.
It's just frustrating that the power was out on Monday
and then the power was out again right before O.L.R.
like it just we had to replace food in the fridge because we lost power
for 12 hours. So, yeah, anyway.
But I get that the wind dictated that not necessarily the power company.
It is what it is. All right.
Anyway, I was going to give the rest of my spiel, but Dark Soccer,
I know you need a little extra time to prepare for your stream.
So I thought I'd let you go ahead and give your exit now
and then I'll give the rest of spiel and sign off for the night.
So Dark Soccer, any final thoughts?
I do have certain people that I would like to share
my community with next week while I am gone.
So I will be listing them and letting people know.
But they're people who I who I trust to take good care of y'all.
All right. And stay tuned for some dead by daylight, because I have a vendetta.
All right. I have to I have to just argue against MMR before
Barista Witch comes out on Tuesday.
What's her name? Michaela? Like that's such a.
Post-millennial.
I thought you liked Michaela because she is you.
She is me. Don't get me wrong, but people are going to be toxic as shit with her.
I know. I know.
But in her nickname now in all the circles in any way is Barista Witch.
So because that's exactly what she is.
She is a barista and a witch.
All right. We'll see you in two weeks.
All right. See you in the cloud, in the cloud, in the fog.
All right. Let me give the rest of my spiel here and then we'll get around to final, final thoughts.
So first off, thank you guys so much for downloading or listening to our podcast live tonight.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at OLR, tell a friend or two, help us spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need the voices here to get out on air
to have more voices.
We have a shop if you're interested in that, vognetwork.com slash shop.
If you would like to pick up some OLR merchandise or possibly some fog network merchandise,
a Bobby Black Wolf mug, whatever, whatever tickles your fancy, check that out over vognetwork.com slash shop.
Otherwise, we'll be back in two weeks. We will not be here next week.
Dark Sakura talked about at the beginning of the show, she has some personal issues she's going to tend to
in, in the place where she grew up and I'm going to Disneyland.
So two, two very different reasons to not be here.
Loki will be using next. What are you going to do next week with a week off, Loki?
Play Minecraft.
I was gonna say play Minecraft, work on videos, something like that?
Probably, yeah.
You could do a stream. I bet Bobby would pass the viewers to you.
I could do a stream.
Think about it.
I could do a stream. That is a possibility.
DDR in the garage might work. We'll see.
Haven't played DDR in a while.
I was thinking about it the other day too.
Get some inspiration from that YYRE email.
Yeah.
All right. We'll see.
We'll see. All right. Let's see.
So we'll be back in two weeks.
So Loki, Loki, we won't see you for three weeks because
you're, you're not going to be here on Halloween night because obviously you have children
and you're obligated to take the children trick or treating.
So I totally understand that.
But yeah, good luck with all your Minecraft production
and I'm excited for you with all these updates and all that stuff.
So yeah, any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
No, just hoping to have another video out this week.
Lots of updates to my base I'm doing.
It's all the Ninjago, Lego Ninjago theme.
So I've been basing my first section off of the actual official Lego Ninjago city set
and it looks pretty awesome.
Awesome.
My final thought, I'll plug my channel over twitch.tv slash Rob Roberts.
I've been pretty good for two weeks now.
Like I've gotten in at least three streams a week after.
I have hit one of the milestones for partner finally.
Finally. I've been like doing this for a long time.
No, it's not the viewer one.
That's clearly the hardest one to get.
But I have done 12 different streams in the past month.
So follow me over twitch.tv slash Rob Roberts.
I'm really close to 500 followers.
That's kind of a landmark.
So yeah, I would appreciate that.
But it's all good either way.
We'll see you back here at Vaga Network in two weeks.
Bobby will be here next week though.
So, you know, come come here at your usual time at 5 Pacific 8 Eastern
and he'll be here to entertain.
He can do another jumbo show potentially next week.
So there is that.
That's it.
Have a great week.
Happy gaming.
Happy Halloween.
We'll be back on Halloween night.
Happy Rocky Horror season to my friends who are participating with that
and getting their first show back like I am in a very long time.
That is going to be awesome.
And yeah, be safe out there.
Make good choices.
Wear your mask.
Get vaccinated.
That's it, everybody.
Have a great night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vogue Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
