It may be true that 2D Mario games outsell 3D Mario games, but the same is not true of
Pokemon, as Scarlet and Violet reach 10 million units sold in three days.
It's not all gold and silver, as many gamers have taken up swords and shields to decry
the quality of their beloved game.
They're ready to rumble in the stadium before going home to probably play more.
That's the cycle of the sun and moon.
Legends.
This is the punniest intro I've done.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about
this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now in the show where every
gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live once again for tonight, November the 27th of 2022, episode
number 938 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here with you every week with my co-hosts, well, not
here this week, Dark Soccer or Jamie Summers.
She has the night off as we talked about last week.
She went on a trip for the holidays to go see her mom, who she's talked a lot about
on the show recently.
My understanding is she actually did get back last night.
She just kind of wanted to take tonight off to sort of recover, which I can completely
understand.
I know when I go on a big trip, I need a vacation for my vacation, so she's just going to continue
the night off.
She's going to be joining us again next week back on the program.
Instead, of course, we have, as we have every week, Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm good.
Good, good.
And no third host tonight.
I was out of town myself because with the Thanksgiving holiday in the States, I was
gone for a couple of days because I went to a Friendsgiving.
For those of you that remember the show, Hoard House, my pal, Grandpa, has a murder cabin
up in the woods.
I call it murder cabin because it's a very remote part of the rural California, but it
was great.
We had a nice Friendsgiving celebration.
It was lovely.
But kept me out of town for a couple of days, so I wasn't really thinking about, oh, who
should sit in on OLR this week?
It's just Loki and I holding down the fort tonight with all of you in our chat over at
twitch.tv slash vog network or VOG network because we do tape live every Sunday night
at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the
Voice of Geeks network, twitch.tv slash vog network.
And some folks tonight in chat talking about our little parody bump that opened the show
tonight, which was a riff on Atari 50 and She-Hulk 10 in chat is saying, woohoo, Atari
2600 is the best console ever made.
It certainly is the heaviest.
It certainly is the one that you probably could use in a murder cabin.
No, I obviously I would never endorse that, but Atari 2600 obviously without it, we wouldn't
have a lot of games that we have today.
That's for sure.
Atari 2600 is a legendary console and really one of the first that I remember playing.
SH-100 Matt is noting in chat the video game that is playing behind Loki tonight is Festers
Quest from the Super Nintendo, Nintendo era, which fun fact, Festers Quest in many ways
is Blaster Master 2.
They very much run on the same engine, except Festers Quest is only the overhead sequences
from Blaster Master does not have any of the side scroller and the vampart.
But if you were to take all of the overhead sequences and make a game out of it, you basically
get Festers Quest on the NES.
And some people loved it.
Some people hated it.
And it also, it cracks me up because it's like a lot of the same mechanics, the gun
increasing levels.
Even those little frogs are the same fricking sprites from Blaster Master.
So Festers Quest, like I don't know how Festers Quest and Blaster Master got set in the same
universe, but they very much are.
I just want to point that out.
Were you a fan of Festers Quest back in the day?
Yeah, it was all right.
Yeah, I remember reading a lot of like the walkthroughs in Nintendo Power and stuff like
that.
Yeah.
I got a copy of Festers Quest for Christmas one time.
And it was a Christmas gift I spoiled for myself because my mom had gone to the store.
I don't remember what store she went to.
Some store that doesn't exist anymore.
Probably I want to say it was like KB Toys or something like that.
She went to and there was a bag or she went to the store next to KB Toys, but there was
a shopping bag.
Sometimes I'll be like, oh, what did mom get at the grocery store?
And I look and there's a KB Toys bag in there.
I'm like, oh, why did you go to KB Toys?
And I open it.
There's a copy of Festers Quest in there.
And I put two and two together and I was like, oh shit, that was my Christmas present.
I just saw like, even at the age of like 10, I was like, oops, I wasn't supposed to see
this.
So I put it back and just walked out of the room and pretended I didn't see nothing.
And then on Christmas Day, I act surprised and thankful.
And it's not like I have to play the game early.
I just saw the box sitting there.
So that's, uh, that's my Festers Quest story.
Dardusia says, I know I rented Festers Quest a time or two.
Yeah.
I think everybody, everybody that was gaming in that area had to have played it at some
point.
I'm sure.
Digirama S says it was pretty good.
I enjoyed Festers Quest.
I think I wouldn't say it's like an all time greatest NES game, but I think people give
it more shit than they need to.
And I think when you realize that this game is Blaster Master 2, you kind of go, oh, should
I be talking so much shit about this game?
And this game is probably better than the actual Blaster Master 2 that they put out
on the Genesis years later.
So there is that.
All right.
From the 3D Blaster Master game that they put out on, was it the original PlayStation
or something like that?
Oh yeah.
There was a, or 3D Blaster Master on the original PlayStation.
Then they did a reboot on the Nintendo Wii that was okay, but the physics were off and
you can't have the physics be off in a Blaster Master game.
They have to, they have to feel like the original or the whole game is thrown off.
That was my big problem with it.
But the other, and I know I've mentioned this on the show, but I'll say it again.
The recent Blaster Master Zero reimagining, because they kind of, they didn't really totally
remake it.
They really redid some things.
The Blaster Master Zero, I think is one of the most well done remasters, reimagines,
whatever you want to call it, that they've done of any game of the NES era, to be quite
frankly.
That is probably one of the best.
And they ended up making a whole trilogy out of that, which Blaster Master two and
three, or Blaster Master Zero two and three, I don't think have anything to do with the
original series at all, except they made a character in those games out of a character
that was only in the FX9 books.
The worlds of power books that were based off of NES games from back in the day.
So random, useless, fun fact if you're ever on Jeopardy someday.
Being in chat.
Yeah, Dr. Sia says there's only the Blaster Master Zero trilogy.
Yeah, I would I would actually super recommend that.
SHO 100 Matt says yeah, the AVGN video gave it kind of a bad rap.
I think too many people take that person's opinions and slap like if that guy says this
game is bad, hahaha, then they agree this game is bad.
When it's like I, you know, I'm not going to defend that this is an all time great,
but I think it's better than people give it credit for.
And that's the case.
I'm just gonna say it with a lot of those videos because another one another one I think
it's a lot of shit unnecessarily is the Friday the 13th video game.
Is it?
Is it great?
No, it does.
It has an amazing soundtrack as an incredible soundtrack.
And I like that Jason looks all neon and funky.
Keep in mind that game came out around the time they were making movies like Jason in
space.
I'm sorry, but the Jason in that game is just fine for where the franchise was out at that
time.
And you know, the the character balance is extremely lopsided and there's there's other
issues of that game.
But I don't think Friday the 13th is nearly as bad as people give the rap on that game.
So that's my thought.
And of course, you know, I have a copy.
Well not Fester's Quest, but I have a copy of nice blaster master nice right here on
my computer because perfect.
That's where I store my NES games apparently.
Now that is a game I will defend as an all time great blaster master was extremely underrated
at the time.
And it's an incredible game.
Start to finish.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, we could talk about, you know, the old men could sit here and talk about NES games
all night, but we should probably talk about what else is going on in the industry.
Let's get to our kickoff topic tonight, which has to do with, you know, ever since this
Microsoft and Activision Blizzard merger was announced, we knew this was going to go through
a lot of legal scrutiny.
And we're getting a lot more information that's coming out of statements, filings, Sony's
rebuttal, Microsoft's defense, like this, this is really the what do you call those
agreements?
The name escapes me in the moment.
Of course, now I'm trying to think of it.
Non-disclosure.
Thank you.
This is really the NDA gift that keeps on giving is this whole little merger.
So let's talk about some of the things that came out as a result of this this week, Loki.
It's basically say anything is what it is.
They're just saying whatever they can to try to persuade the government bodies that are
looking at this to persuade them, obviously, one way or the other.
So you have things like where Xbox, you know, Microsoft and the Xbox team are saying, well,
you know, PlayStation exclusives are better than our, you know, exclusive games.
And so it's it's fine that we get, you know, Call of Duty as an exclusive game because,
you know, they have their exclusive games and those are better.
That's one argument that they're making and with the CMA in UK.
That argument should be thrown out of court with with a copy of Forza Horizon, any of
them on top.
Well, then also they're saying, you know, Nintendo also has better quality exclusives
as well that outsell their own first party games.
And maybe, you know, maybe that is true to a certain extent.
I don't know.
And Sony, that's all opinions, Sony.
You know, the argument is saying, well, hey, you're not like losing out on all of the first
person shooter franchises.
I mean, you have Battlefield, Battlefield is a great first person franchise.
And so he's like, no, no, it's not.
It is not as good as Call of Duty.
And so that's kind of funny.
They're saying, you know, Call of Duty is not replaceable.
You could always bring back resistance.
Sony, you feel that strongly about it.
Why don't you bring back resistance?
I would be for that for sure.
I love resistance.
That game was awesome.
Really they should bring that back or even like Killzone would be fine.
Bring that back to I mean, there's franchises that they have or I mean, gosh, they have
a ton of franchises.
There's mag that they stopped doing stuff with.
So calm.
I mean, so many franchises that could be a big like first person shooter, Call of Duty
type game that they've just kind of dumped on.
But they also that something somehow came out of this that Sony has confirmed that the
release date of the PlayStation six is going to be somewhere around 2028, 2027.
So so much for the days of when they were saying that the PlayStation three was a 10
year life cycle.
Well, I think they've just.
They do this all the time.
The 10 year life cycle doesn't mean that the next console can't come out and the life
cycle, the old one continues.
I think I think that's where they're going with it.
I think a lot of I'm trying to remember when did the PlayStation three come out 2006.
Right.
And then when did the PlayStation four come out?
Was it 2012 or 2013?
Well, no, actually, I think the PlayStation.
Yeah, it was 2006 and PlayStation four was.
I think it was.
Hmm.
I'm going to have to fact check myself.
It was 2013.
13.
Yeah.
Because I remember I picked it up a year later.
OK, so honestly, then that is so 2013.
Here's the deal.
So 2006 place.
Actually, let's let's go all the way.
Holy fuck.
I believe the math works out.
When did the original PlayStation come out?
I think 97.
No, I'm looking 94 in Japan.
It was 95 here, but 94 in Japan.
OK.
Add seven.
I didn't get until here we go.
Sony.
This news should not be news.
Here's why.
Sony PlayStation one out in Japan.
December 1994.
Add seven years.
Now it's 2001.
That's when the PlayStation two came out.
Add seven years.
OK, wait, I guess that one doesn't work because that's no way when did PlayStation two come
out?
It was 2000, 2000 or 2001.
It was after 2000.
I think it was in Japan early, though.
It was.
It was in Japan early.
So it's 2000.
So I take it back.
Sorry.
I need to get my year straight.
OK, so six years.
So 1994 to 2006 years, then 2000 to 2006, six years, then 2006 to 2013 when the PlayStation
four came out, seven years, then 2013 to 2020, seven years.
So Sony has literally always been on a six or seven year life cycle.
So the news that the PlayStation six is coming in 2027 really shouldn't surprise you because
the PlayStation five was out in 2020.
However.
I have seen where people are like, this feels like it's too soon.
I can't even get my hands on a PlayStation five still, but about about and that's the
thing that's different is that only the PlayStation five came out in a pandemic.
And the PlayStation five had such these severe supply chain shortages that, you know, here
we are in 2022.
And only just now are these things kind of findable pretty easy.
My understanding is if you sign up to get one on the PlayStation first hand store, whatever
you're you're going to get one sooner rather than later.
So these are not extraordinarily difficult to get anymore.
But again, the whole can you just walk into Target and buy one sometimes depends on where
you live.
So that's that's where that's at.
And I think that's why so so it doesn't feel like the PlayStation five launched in 2020.
It feels like it's just now launching in 2022.
So that's why it still feels kind of early, I think for the PlayStation six.
But otherwise, the PS six being in 2027 is right on schedule.
Yeah, I guess I'm not not too shocked.
And all that stuff can change anyways.
And who cares?
Yeah, we always know that they're working on the next big console.
Um, also, apparently, it Well, I don't know who's political is reporting that according
to three people knowledge of the matter, that the FTC is likely to file an antitrust lawsuit
against Microsoft to block the takeover of Activision.
Of course, then Activision has come out and said, you know, that's just ridiculous.
It's completely absurd.
So I guess we'll see what happens.
You know, predictions are all over the place.
I mean, honestly, I'd be very surprised like if they do, like file an antitrust lawsuit
against, you know, Microsoft, because I mean, they've let other mergers, especially in the
entertainment space, go through that have been even more toxic than this up discovery.
And, you know, um, so like, why this like, why Oh, but we're putting our foot down with
these games.
You know, I think some politicians want to want to put on their resume that they nailed
Activision Blizzard.
But like, yeah, but they can do that after the fall.
And when in fact, as far as those issues are concerned, this merger is actually a good thing
because there will be no place for Bobby Kotick in this future organization.
And Phil Spencer is a more competent leader than anyone at the top of Activision.
So like this in that department, it's you can tell the politicians don't follow the gaming
industry.
Because like this merger would actually be a good thing for all of those things.
Some of them are super elderly.
It's like ridiculous.
Yeah, I don't know.
I'm not surprised.
I'm surprised.
Yeah, we always used to get those like soundbites if they're like antiquated, like takes of
stuff like, you know, well, I remember playing Pac Man and stuff like that.
Now we're those people.
So I don't know.
Well, a very, very interesting thing is happening in Congress like just today.
Because you know, Nancy Pelosi is retiring.
And there's been a lot of talk about, you know, a new class kind of coming up to take
her place.
It was announced today that three younger when I say younger, I mean 30s 40s 50s politicians
are going to be kind of coming up in the ranks behind them.
Obviously though, the Democrats are not going to be in charge of the house next year, I'm
not going to get into all those complex politics right now.
But it's just one of those you do see that politicians are finally starting to hand the
torch over to a newer generation that's probably going to be more in tune with some of this
stuff.
So that will be interesting.
So, um, Bobby Blackwell says they did block a major book publisher deal random house when
it emerged with Simon and Schuster and the feds block that I do remember when that was
going on.
They know what books are, um, sj 100.
Matt does point out even if they block the merger, Microsoft can still do other things
to make it not an antitrust issue like splitting off Xbox from Microsoft, or selling assets
to make it not an antitrust issue.
I don't see them splitting off Xbox, that would be wild.
But I could see them cut off three, four, three, I could see them cutting king out of
it.
Actually, I don't know.
I think that's the easy answer.
But I actually am like Microsoft in the mobile game making space actually is probably more
desirable than maybe even some of the components of Activision to be quite honest.
So it'll it'll really come down to what are the parts of the merger that you know, the
government really has a problem with and go from there.
But I think that the answer to a lot of Sony's arguments is Nintendo.
Like Nintendo is still a factor in the room.
As far as we know, Nintendo and Microsoft do not have any publishing agreements together.
And so Nintendo still continues to be the top selling console and have some of the top
selling video games in the entire industry.
So it's weird to me that this isn't Microsoft and Nintendo merging.
It's Microsoft and Activision Blizzard merging.
I just think it's real rich from Sony that like literally the tactics that they do now
Microsoft is doing the same thing.
They're like, Whoa, hold on.
This is not okay.
You're like, it's it's literally what you're doing.
Like you do this stuff all the time with paid exclusives and, and like paid content for
your service.
Like, I'm sorry.
This is exactly now you're now you're, you know, complaining because it's fair.
Poor baby.
Oh, no.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says they could sell Call of Duty to Tencent and that would fix
it because really the issue is over Call of Duty so sell Call of Duty to Tencent and call
it a day.
God, I hope they don't sell it to Tencent.
You want to talk about companies that are getting too big.
Like that's that's a perfect example.
I don't know who they'll I am.
I would think you spin off that whole studio that makes Call of Duty into an independent
studio and they they own the Call of Duty IP.
And that's that.
But then this then Sony comes in and buys them watch.
Yeah, they would they would absolutely would that because they would and it would be all
sudden fine.
Because I you know, I'm sure they want to go sell it to Square Enix.
Well, there is all these rumors about Sony wanting to get with Square Enix and why Square
Enix just unloaded a bunch of their studios.
Lutely no ethics in corporate, you know, procedure like they will just do whatever they want
to stay on top.
So like, yeah, absolutely.
If they were to spin it off in their own independent company, they would absolutely move in and
try to buy it.
Yeah.
I honestly and Bobby says every Activision studio makes a Call of Duty at Toys a Bob
works on Call of Duty.
They canceled a Skylanders game to work on Call of Duty.
Yeah, no, that is that is true.
I think I think I think the most fascinating part of the deal, if it went this way, would
be what if they just spin off Activision and only by Blizzard King?
I think I as a gamer, that's the part that would make me most happy, honestly, let Activision
kind of do its own thing.
And again, I don't want to see Bobby Cody in the industry, but I would love to see Blizzard
and King just go under Microsoft and let Microsoft do what they're going to do with the Blizzard
franchises.
I think that would be a great thing.
I think the gamers would stand to win a lot in that scenario.
I mean, that's assuming Microsoft wants that.
But you know, the point was brought up earlier, it really is about Call of Duty.
World of Warcraft these days don't make the numbers that Call of Duty does.
Overwatch, while it had a big launch, we still don't know about the sustainability of it.
Diablo 4, too early to tell.
So you know, we'll, we'll see.
There's a lot more to come on that.
So all right, let's move on.
Before we get to our gaming weeks, I want to tell a little bit of a side story.
So I was going to bring this up last week, but I kind of talked about last week on the
show.
I had a lot of feelings and I was not in a great mental place last week.
I'm doing much better this week.
Thank you.
And yeah, thank you for letting me have my space on last week's show.
But because I was in a weird headspace, I didn't want to talk about this trip yet that
I had taken.
But now that I'm doing much better tonight, not that everything has been magically fixed,
I want to make sure that's very clear.
Not that everything has been magically fixed, but I'm in a better headspace than I was last
week.
And that's what it's all about for being able to prepare certain segments and so forth.
But two weeks ago, so we didn't have a show two weeks ago because I was out of town.
I was up in Seattle and I didn't say this in advance because I didn't know if it would
happen for sure.
And I don't like to talk things up unless I know I'm there and everything happened.
But I have a friend that I've known for a long time that actually a few months ago,
maybe a year ago, the pandemic has completely warped my sense of time, so I apologize, but
started working at the Pokemon Company International.
And they are actually headquartered out in the Seattle area.
So they're actually headquartered in Bellevue.
And something really cool that I got to do a couple weeks ago was I actually got to take
a little tour of the office.
Now, before you all make up your own narratives about what went on here, because this actually
would have been the week before Gen 9 came out.
No, I did not get to see Gen 9 early.
No, I did not see any work or any in progress things.
No, I don't know any secrets or things like that.
I got to tour an office building where people work and I didn't even get to see the cubes.
Okay, I only got to see the common spaces that were available, but part of the reason
why I share this with you all is that, especially for being a gamer, especially a gamer that
really enjoys Pokemon, these were some really cool offices to be able to see.
And this is also, it's not something that's open to the public.
You can't just say, I want to go get a tour of the office.
You can't exactly do that.
I happen to know somebody that was able to make this happen.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, offices don't exist anymore anyway.
We all work from home.
You'll notice though, there's going to be some things here I'm going to show and I will
talk through this on the podcast.
I apologize.
I don't have the videos on the podcast, but you can always check the archives over at
twitch.tv slash a vog network where archives are accessible to subscribers over at twitch.tv
slash vog network.
Yeah, and Mike Deft also brings up a very good point.
These offices don't handle development itself, marketing and stuff like that.
While I am not privy to exactly what does and does not go on at this office, the sheer
amount of conference rooms that I saw in this place tell me that there's a lot of meetings,
be it clients, be it probably, you know, Japan, be it the fact that Nintendo is just located
down the road in Redmond, and so on and so on.
There's a lot of that stuff that goes on in these offices, absolutely.
So anyway, so yeah, and many folks are noticing in the lobby where I took this picture because
we had to get, you know, little special security stickers.
We also went in there on a Saturday, which was nice because it was really, really like
not bustling with people.
And I didn't want to feel like I was getting in the way.
I didn't want to have that imposter syndrome.
So it was actually really awesome being there on a Saturday where very, very few people
were there.
But we still had to get badged and all that good stuff to get in and see the stuff.
So yes, they have a little Detective Pikachu that sits in the front that is really cool.
So moving on and showing you some of the other things that we got to see there.
So this is also in the lobby where they actually have these really cool like vinyl figures,
life size of Pikachu, Squirtle, Charmander, Bulbasaur, right, the Gen 1 collection.
So yeah, DJ Rama S in chat says, friend of mine works for the Pokemon Company International.
He flies all over the country to help a localization of the anime.
Yeah, don't forget Pokemon is also much more than the games and you're going to see this
in a minute.
E3VL says, are they to scale?
I feel like they're actually bigger than scale.
But for the most part, yeah, I would say actually, yes, they are.
They are to scale because they were very big.
I'm not sure the picture that you see on stream really carries itself well, but these are
very large vinyl figures, which obviously it was very photogenic.
I also want to point out if you notice in the background of these photos, you can see
that we're very high up in a building.
Here's the interesting thing about where these offices are.
The first three floors of this building in Bellevue are a mall.
In fact, if you live in the Seattle area, you've probably been to this mall and didn't
even frickin realize that the Pokemon Company was in this building because I had been to
this mall in Bellevue.
There's a legendary dumpling place in this mall and I'm telling you, if you're in the
Seattle area, you know exactly what I'm talking about.
There's a legendary dumpling place in this mall that I went to with friends like six
years ago.
Going back on this trip gave me the weirdest deja vu.
So yeah, we're way up on the 25th, 26th, sorry.
I don't remember exactly what floor it's on.
I'm sure the back of video game manuals would tell you what floor it's on.
It's not like it's a super secret, but it's probably not something I should be sitting
here yapping about on air anyway.
Moving on.
Let's see.
Okay, I got to actually click to the next slide.
Fine.
Okay, I like this.
It's maybe a little hard to see on stream, but what I want to point out, I saw this is
cool.
This is like a common space where people can work and you get a really good sense of the
view in the back and you can actually see like downtown Seattle back there.
But they actually have this clear wall and on this clear wall, they have vinyl stickers
of the original sprites for all 151 original Pokemon.
And so that's what you actually see on the wall and it's in Pokedex order.
So you look at the upper left, you see Bulbasaur, Venusaur, so on and so on, or excuse me, Bulbasaur,
Ivysaur, Venusaur, sorry, Pokemon fans, and moving on through and all that good stuff.
So I thought this was a really cool little collection of little like vinyl sticker things
that were on this.
This I thought was one of the coolest rooms in the whole place.
And what we're looking at here, this is actually like a break room, right?
You can probably tell like, oh, it's like a, you know, they can see a little coffee
machine in there and stuff and counters and all that stuff.
The really cool thing about this is in the back where these diner style booths are that
you can sit and chat and have lunch together and so forth.
They actually have artwork of the Pokemon centers, but they're made in those tiles that
you see like in kitchens and diners, those little square tiles.
It makes up the pixel art.
And so it's actually pixel art of the Pokemon centers from every generation of Pokemon that
was pixelized that you can see the hall keeps going where my picture taking didn't go, but
they're all there in the area.
So, but I just thought this was a really cool little room and I was like, I want to take
my lunches here.
This is really cool.
So yeah, and bonds 006 says this looks like a few corporate or company office space I've
worked or been in.
Yeah.
At the end of the day, y'all it's an office space.
This was not, you know, like a play a demo space again.
That's not what I was there to do.
But it's a really like when I saw this, I was like, I want to work in this office space.
I'd go into the office more often if my office looked like this.
That's for sure.
All right.
This is one of the meeting rooms featuring one of my favorite Pokemon.
So this is actually is like a Pokemon that is, you'll notice the way it's kind of done
is that when the doors are closed, you actually can't really see into the meeting room.
And I'm sure there's a very good intent behind that.
And all of the meeting rooms, they're actually named after Pokemon.
So this one was the Lucario meeting room was one of my favorites.
You can actually see they actually have the artwork on the little reservation room and
you can actually see like, oh, yeah, this one, I believe on the other.
So Bobby Black Wolf notes that there's a rope.
The rope wasn't for the conference room.
I believe there was some type of large figurine there.
You can see it.
Look in the reflection of the office, and I'm not sure how it's coming over over stream.
But if you actually notice there in the reflection, you can see there are some large vinyl figures
that are on the other side of those ropes.
And that's what's actually roped off.
They probably just don't want people reaching over and touching them and getting their germs
on them, which is weird because this isn't exactly a public space.
The other thing again, you have to look really, really carefully in the reflection, you probably
notice a grid of things behind the Lucario.
It's because and you'll notice my reflection, they're taking the picture, which I didn't
realize, but that's right.
They actually have a trading card collection in the back there.
They have framed trading cards of I believe it is again, the pokey decks, but this time
it goes all the way through.
It's like eight or nine of these things hung up with a Pokemon trading card game card for
every one of the Pokemon in the deck starting from one.
So that yeah.
And Bobby says that's the national decks pretty much.
Yeah.
But again, nothing Gen 9 was in there as it because we were in that awkward phase where
I was like, we all know the Gen 9 Pokemon because those leaks started.
But it's like, but officially we can't talk about that yet because the game hasn't launched.
So there's no Gen 9 stuff in the space, but I think it might be the next picture actually.
Yes.
The wall of plushies that actually shows, I don't know if this is like every plushie
that's been released, but I'll be darned if it doesn't feel like every plushie that's
been released that was in this wall.
There are no Gen 9, but my understanding was those were incoming pretty soon.
So when Gen 9 officially launched.
So yeah, but this was pretty cool.
This plushie wall, it had, I noticed the ditto versions of plushies.
There's a whole section of those and yeah, plushie, plushie heaven.
Honestly, it just looks like Shane's bedroom to be honest, except with not enough oshawots,
but otherwise there were lots of cool little plushies.
And yeah, they did have Pokemon Legends Arceus themed stuff in there, which was pretty cool.
So I liked the plushie wall.
It's hard to not like the plushie wall.
This room is another kind of break area and I thought this was really cool.
And it also shows that again, the Pokemon Company is about much more than just games
because they actually had a whole reading library, which features, as I understand it,
every Pokemon related book that's ever come out was in this room.
Even foreign language ones were in the back because I was looking at some that were in
French and so forth.
And I did look for the book, Come Out Squirtle, and it was there.
In fact, there was a whole series in that, which was pretty cool.
So yeah, I thought the reading library was really cool.
Obviously, they have rules posted.
Don't take books out of the room.
But I'm thinking, hey, as Rama said earlier, Rama has a friend that works with localization
and stuff.
And if I'm somebody that needs to be an expert on Pokemon lore because I'm working with topics
like that, it's awfully convenient to have this kind of library right where you're at.
So I thought this was very neat.
And one other thing that they had, you have to look really carefully at the top shelf
that you can see in this picture or just look at this next slide I have that actually has
some of the movie props from Detective Pikachu.
So I had to stand on my tiptoes to get this picture, but it actually has a little ticket
that they had with Rhyme City and a little map.
And they had one of the coffees from Hi Hat Cafe.
And I believe the Detective Pikachu that you saw in the front was also a Detective
Pikachu that was from the movie, although I think it was animated.
So maybe it was like a placeholder or something.
I don't know.
But I thought it was neat to see some of the movie props were there as well.
So that was a lot of fun.
So just a couple more.
This was Alan and I.
We were just, again, the view is beautiful.
And you can actually see in this particular picture, not only do you see the bay there
in Seattle, but you actually see there's this really circular park that's down below.
This is where we, after we were done with our tour, we actually went down to this park
to actually go play Pokemon Community Day, which was a lot of fun.
It was the Teddiursa day was that day.
And I caught a four star Pokemon at that park.
And it's loaded with Poke stops.
Like every memorial bench in that place was some type of Poke stop.
So yeah, that was my little tour of the building.
I had a lot of fun.
And I'm really, really thankful for the opportunity to kind of get to peek behind the curtain
a little bit.
At the end of the day, yes, it's an office building.
But it's, again, if I got to work in an office like that, I'd go in all the time.
That was a lot of fun.
So Zen Monkey says you guys look like Pokemon trainers.
Yeah, we were that day because we got to...
And actually, I think I had my Pogo Plus on me and I was catching stuff as we were walking
around.
So that was pretty cool.
So let's see.
Bond 006 says Sony Wonder Lab in New York City here would have past products detailing
the history of the company.
As you traverse the building, you would encounter a lot of sites that either locked to specific
regions and or from other markets.
Products not really stateside or from other countries.
Yeah, a little like that library I had mentioned had some of the books from other countries,
which I thought was really cool.
And Bobby Blackwell says that's why they make cool office spaces.
It's a selling point for recruitment.
Absolutely.
I didn't even get enough pictures of the whole because there were actually two floors we
got to see.
Alan got more pictures than I did, admittedly, because I'm one of those more like I want
to be in the moment.
But then I was like, I should probably take some pictures for OLR.
So that whole little space where that last photo was is actually like all like jungle
themed.
And it's supposed to be themed after like a Pokemon type of area.
And it did look really cool.
So it was pretty neat.
Mike Def says, I wonder if they have Pokemon fusion manga in there.
It never made it overseas.
Honestly, probably.
So I didn't look those like I can't 100% confirm or deny.
So She Hulk says, did you pick up a job application?
I can't relocate at this point.
We own a home here in Sacramento now, and that's it.
I enjoy my day job a lot.
I know I don't talk about it here on the program.
I do not work in the game industry, and I am okay with that.
My day job is a very boring.
And I say that in the best possible way.
Corporate job with a very boring corporate office.
I again say that the nicest possible way that doesn't look anything like what we just saw.
And I'm perfectly happy with where I'm at.
So no, I did not get a job application, but I'm thrilled for my friend who does work there
and obviously raves about it and was able to give us that opportunity and so forth.
And it was just a cool little extra little perk for our trip.
So awesome.
Bobby Lockwell says, do they need a corporate trainer?
Keep in mind, I don't do the training anymore.
I manage that.
So anyway, but not to get too into that.
So let's see.
Yeah, so thank you.
Thank you for the comments in our chat room there.
And yeah, thanks again for the tour.
And yeah, maybe next time I'm there, maybe they'll update some things and we'll get a
2.0 look at things.
So, all right.
In the meantime, let's move on.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing
this week, whether it was Pokemon or something else.
Let's go to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
It was Minecraft.
I haven't gone back to play more of the Go Simulator 3 stuff.
My kid's been bugging me to do it though, because he's like 100% in the thing now.
Wow.
But yeah, I've been playing a lot of Minecraft.
I started obviously the modded series last week.
So did that and that's been fun.
Messed around with that.
And then I'm still working on stuff for Channel 64 as well.
I've been doing that like last few days.
So it's slow going.
I'm coming up on four weeks since I put out an actual video.
I mean, I did live stream in the middle there, but it's, you know, I'm cognizant of the time.
It keeps getting more complicated, the builds that I'm doing.
So it takes time.
But yeah.
And then, you know, more characters being designed.
I almost have all eight of my robot masters designed now.
So it's just, I think we're one left.
I think it'd be pretty cool.
So those have been being posted on Twitter and stuff.
But yeah, that's pretty much it.
It's been Minecraft.
All right.
My gaming week.
Again, I was out of town for a few days, as I'm sure a lot of people were off celebrating
the holidays in the States.
So I didn't play a lot of new stuff, but I continued on with some of the stuff I've been
playing.
So ironically, with Pokemon, I'm still been playing Pokemon Scarlet.
I keep on saying Scarlet and Violet, but technically I'm playing Pokemon Scarlet.
And I've been continuing on with that.
I am at two, two and two, which if you know the basics of the game, it isn't just gyms
now anymore.
That's one part.
That's so I've beaten two gyms, but now there are star bases.
You can think Team Rocket.
You know, there's a new version of that.
The antagonist in every game.
This one's Team Star.
And I love some of the little sayings they have, like Hasta la vie star and the little
little gang sign they do as a little star.
It's super cute.
So I'm at two star bases and two Titan Pokemon, which is kind of a new thing where it's like,
it reminds me a little bit of there's a mechanic in another game like this, but it just basically
larger basically raid Pokemon that are out in the wild.
I don't know how else to describe it, but I've done two of those as well.
I have been keeping my playthrough to only on stream as well, which is part of the reason
why I'm a little slower going than some.
But I've been really enjoying playing on stream on stream this week.
The folks actually watched me run right by a shiny.
That's right.
I passed up.
I missed a fucking shiny until it was too late.
That that hurt, to be honest.
What can I say?
Actually, I want to see if I can actually get that clip as much as it pains me to play
this.
It was pretty interesting because I want to show you like just how easy this is to miss.
So how do I do this?
I'm going to go over to this monitor.
I'm going to make this large.
Okay, sorry, I'm doing some I'm doing some producing live on the fly here.
So and I'll describe this again for those in chat.
I'll just on the feed.
I'll just I'll describe what's happening.
Some of this audio is going to come through.
So let me I'm going to play the clip respond over there.
I'm fitting it for people.
Shut up.
Or you're next.
Give me your lunch money.
And that's where Shane says there was a shiny.
Did you see it?
Those of you watching on Twitch on this Sunday night.
Did you see the shiny?
Let me point out where the shiny was.
So the problem was me replay.
My eyes were here because I'm fixated on Oh, I'm sorry, you can't see me.
Okay, my eyes were in the center of the screen.
And I was fixated on the road ahead because I'm riding my little legendary Pokemon trying
to get back up the trail because I had fallen down or something.
It's something I didn't intend to do happened.
So as my eyes are over on this side of the screen, what happens is I'm running by.
It's really blink and you miss it.
Look, a pack of drift flumes comes up on the left.
And sure enough, one of them is a yellow shiny.
But because my eyes were over on the right side and not way on the left for that shiny
was I ended up running right by it.
And that that was that was how literally one second.
Shut up.
Or you're next.
And I missed it.
Give me your lunch money.
Y'all want to hear a sad story for the holidays, right?
Oh, well, it's just a shiny shiny Pokemon are stupid.
Anyway, that's Shane's thing.
That's not my thing.
That's a flower.
I know I know.
All right.
Anyway, so I was playing Pokemon and yeah, thank you.
F's in the chat.
I love F F as an unknown in the chat for Rob.
Thanks, Steph.
Appreciate it.
So yeah, I've been playing Scarlet and Violet and I've still been playing Dead by Daylight
a little bit.
It's the reason why that game still appears.
The reason why that game still appeals to me, even though, well, they did release new
content this last week.
They have a new killer, the Knight.
So the Knight's mechanic is that he can summon his friends.
He has the brotherhood and you actually trace these little routes and then your friends
patrol the routes.
And then if a survivor walks through him, the friend can actually damage him.
So it's kind of an interesting little twist.
So the Knight and then there's a new survivor as well, Vittorio.
And so, yeah, I've just been leveling up the new survivor in that game because I want to
get his perks because he has some really good perks that I want to get.
But yes, that's what's really it.
Pokemon Dead by Daylight.
That's it.
I haven't been playing a lot else this week because the holiday.
So all right, we'll get some more games next week for sure.
And I'll still be playing Pokemon on stream.
I did play a little vampire survivors.
Actually, I talked about that last week.
How I got back into that recently.
I think I did fire that up on like Monday or Tuesday night.
I did another run through on that game.
So that's the genre I'm feeling right now is those survivor games of which if you think
we haven't seen plenty yet, just wait.
Just wait next year.
It's going to be going to be the new thing.
It's not roguelikes.
It's which ironically, these survivor games are a derivative of roguelikes.
But that's that's going to be the big thing in the coming months for sure.
So all right, let's move on and get into some gaming news this week of which admittedly
there's not as much.
So we may not be here as long tonight, but we're going to get through what there there
is come out and a big one to start us off about a big game that came out a week ago
that everybody is still talking about.
And this is why the Pokemon company and Game Freak will never worry about quality in their
games because you folks will just buy them regardless.
Pokemon, Scarlet and Violet have sold over 10 million copies in the first weekend.
Congratulations.
You guys are part of the problem now.
And how about a 9.5 million of those are preorders?
Easy, easy.
I'm sure that they are.
But you know, it is what it is.
And that that's no one can complain about quality in those games now because you've
voted with your wallet.
So that's what you're going to get.
I I mean, yes, the game is buggy, but it like for me, it honestly doesn't ruin it.
I and I don't know if I'm at the point where I would say the bugs are charming.
Like I know you enjoy like driver just because it's one of those so bad buggy.
It's good type of games.
I'm not sure I would put Pokemon firmly in that camp, but the bugs are just like laughably
bad when they happen.
And then that's all it is.
I laugh it off because it doesn't break my game.
I have heard there are game breaking bugs.
It hasn't happened to me and I auto save enough where I feel like I don't even if a breaking
bug happened to me, I don't think it would really shut me down.
But I don't know.
Like I I don't want to say I'm totally reminded of the Mass Effect Andromeda issues because
here here's also a great example.
Mass Effect Andromeda released three days early to a certain audience.
So all of this hit the Internet so everybody could say stop and wait.
Nintendo, on the other hand, keeps this shit under iron lock and fucking key until this
game comes out.
Now, they didn't stop leaks from happening.
So there were news out there about the games being a little bit buggy.
But I don't think I don't even think the leakers knew the full extent of like all the crazy
things you could do in the game until the games were out.
But it you know, and I said this back then with Mass Effect Andromeda, EA's huge mistake
was being greedy with that online program and letting people play that game three days
early.
That is that is one of the biggest mistakes EA has ever made.
Quite honestly, because I mean, once they release the game, especially a month after
when they fix the bugs, the game is fine.
But it's Yeah, well, it's it's it's perpetuating the problem, though, that we have where it's
okay now for these companies to release games that are clearly not ready for launch.
And that's the problem is, is whether it's motivation by we just got to get it out before
holiday sales happen, or we're, you know, incentivized, which isn't good enough, or
the switch isn't good enough, you know, it could be some of that, that I would still
argue, though, that other games have run more smoothly, it's I think it's less that it's
more or less optimized game is more impacted by the switches, not cutting edge performance
anymore.
And so whereas some games, you know, on other causes could get by with not being optimized
as much.
It does affect it when you're having to really squeeze every ounce of power and performance
out of this console.
Yeah, it's not, you know, it's, it's unfortunate.
Like, there's a lot of games where I would have given it a pass, you know, if it's like
extremely buggy and stuff, but it's, it's becoming a point now where we I don't think
we can do that anymore.
Because there's just so many games that we hear about coming out being broken and buggy.
And it's because we're sending the message just pre ordering and buying these games,
you know, without knowing what we're getting into the where they're just like, how many
stories have we heard about different companies putting out roadmaps about how they're going
to fix their game?
It's ridiculous.
I get I get messages on Facebook all the time I see because I follow Saints Row on there
about how they're all over or we're working on our performance something something like
I don't even care anymore.
Like I just don't because it's like so far out past launch and you're still fixing the
game that was released in the state like I don't know.
All right, and this it looks bad for Nintendo, I think, but I think it looks bad for the
switch.
I you know, I put a lot of the blame on the switch being antiquated hardware is the Nintendo
probably has to I would say that they can't take the stance of like, well, we're just
going to be a new couple generations behind performance.
I don't think you should be doing that anymore.
There's effects.
Well, I was just say there's some important comments in chat I want to read.
First off quest Buster who brings up I think another one of those franchises that gets
away with his bugs and it's because they're adorable.
Quest Buster says for me Bethesda's Elder Scrolls RPGs like Skyrim are notoriously buggy,
but I slog through those because I was still able to enjoy them quite a bit.
Still would love to see them improve their bug squashing though, hopefully with Starfield.
I think that is a great analogy because a lot of people will defend Skyrim and those
games release in really sad buggy states, but you kind of let it slide because it's
a great story and a great game.
Well, but in that is almost the same.
It's it's a similar situation too, because you're talking about Skyrim, which is running
on old engine hard.
I mean, the engine is the thing that is old in that now.
Yeah, I've been used in multiple games.
And so you see a lot of their modern games that they're putting out.
They're still using that really old engine at being really buggy.
Fallout 76, Fallout 4, like all of that stuff is still very buggy because they're using
outdated engines to build this same thing can happen with, you know, using outdated
hardware.
It's you're going to run into bottlenecks somewhere, whether that be the engine that
you programmed where I can't do the efficiencies I want because it just doesn't support it
anymore or just whatever.
And yeah, it story and the rest of the polish of the game does matter as far as like being
accepting what you'll look past.
Yeah, and that's and that's really what it and Mike Deaf says it in chat here is that
the bugs aren't game breaking for the most part, but the game is genuinely fun and great.
And honestly, from my perspective, I have to agree, like both those things can be true.
I can sit here and say, yeah, the bugs are really disappointing.
Like the fact that there are so many technical glitches still in the game, it's disappointing.
And the fact that the switch is very obviously antiquated hardware at this point is disappointing.
All that can be true.
And I can still say, but damn, this game, I love what the open world stuff did for Pokemon.
I really like it took a few hours of gameplay to really grow me because at first I wasn't
sure because it was just so different from sword and shield.
But damn, now that I spent a couple hours with it, I'm like, I really love what the
open world stuff has done for Pokemon.
And I really can't wait to see where it goes.
Hopefully, the next generation on a like, swear to God, Gen 10 better not be for the
switch.
Gen 10 needs to be for the next Nintendo hardware.
And I'm really looking forward to that.
Actually, what I'm really, really looking forward to is the next Pokemon Legends game
because they better fucking do one.
And it also better not be on the switch.
Because I want to see what they can do with more advanced hardware.
Yeah, I'm just worried that like the the message that we're sending with that stuff in don't
get me wrong, like, like I get it a great game.
So it could be great, even though it has bugs in it and stuff.
But also, like there are there were some glaring bugs.
It's not like that.
Oh, hey, I did this weird thing that normally people don't do it.
It was an untested case that we found some bugs and stuff like that.
We're talking like very blatant, very performance based bugs that they knew that they
need to iron out.
And I hope that they will eventually iron out.
But some executives, some corporate executives at Game Freak made the decision that we're
going to release this in the state that it is now.
Yeah.
And so that's what you have to keep in mind is that they made that mistake and they're
like, well, I don't know, maybe the fans might not take to it.
And now that you took to it, they're going to be like, oh, well, next time, you know,
it it's not in perfect polished shape, but we're just going to release it anyways.
And I worry that it's going to get worse.
Yeah, I have with other franchises.
Yeah, that kind of thing happened.
That is an industry problem.
I absolutely agree with that.
And it's one of those things where oftentimes people want to say, oh, the industry has this
problem, but not Nintendo, not Nintendo.
They're there.
And I understand Pokemon is technically not a Nintendo game, but we literally just had
Loki say it is Nintendo's biggest franchise officially as so.
So yes, Pokemon and Nintendo are very much embedded together.
It is a Nintendo company.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, I know.
Do we publish Pokemon games on other platforms, other console platforms, iOS, Android, Nintendo
company, iOS, Android?
That is not a console.
That is that is mobile games.
I'm sorry.
That doesn't count.
It's it is a Nintendo company.
It may be like a second party company.
However, we want to distinguish it.
But it is a company that makes games that are featured.
And it's not only Nintendo game.
It's not just go.
It's Pokemon cafe.
There's, I think, a trading card thing that's there too.
So Pokemon does have a mobile space.
But I get what you're saying.
But yeah, you know, Loki and I will agree with what you're saying.
This is an industry problem.
And it's one that this game is exhibit A.
Nintendo is not immune to it.
We release games in buggy states because we need them to be out by a certain day.
And that's what it is.
By the way, an interesting fix that I read about and I haven't had a chance to test this
yet, but I did notice that my game was running off of the SD card because that's where the
game chose to install by default was my expansion SD card.
Apparently, if you copy the game from the SD card, move it, I guess move it from the
SD card to the system hardware, it will function better.
I'm not sure why that is.
It's not like these cards are plate drives that are spinning up that are causing lag.
But I could see that even a couple microseconds of lag is lag.
So I did move the game over to the system.
I did that in some downtime because I actually did play a little bit off stream.
But all I did off stream was I went to the academy and started advancing all those classes
you can go to, like do some of that stuff that's just like pushing A to read through
quest text over and over.
I did some of that stuff off stream so I could not have to spend time on stream doing it.
And so before I did that, I moved the game over because apparently that is supposed to
reduce the bugs.
I don't know if that's just urban legend at this point or what it is.
No, I would imagine that that's probably a thing because it's the same.
It's like when we were talking about running games off disk drives and installing to your
hard drive back in the Xbox 360 days or PlayStation three days.
Yeah, it's it's the drive speeds are it could even be the SD speeds are faster.
You know, whether you have, you know, on on hardware flash RAM or whatever flash ROMs
that you have in there that you can store that data to versus reading through an SD
card slot, which is bottlenecked by, you know, that process as well.
The bus on that.
So it's it is very possible that that is the case.
But that also goes back to that the hardware is not powerful enough.
Also, the game's not optimized enough to be able to, you know, cache that basically loading
in that data.
That's why you have pop in and some of these open world games is because it can't read
the data.
They don't have it compressed enough or, you know, doing LEDs, whatever it might take to
load that stuff in there.
They're not doing it in an efficient enough manner because the hardware can't keep up
with it.
So either you either optimize the hell out of it to, you know, work on the, you know,
lesser than ideal powered hardware, or you get more powerful hardware to run your game.
Mike Defton chat says portable mode and installed on the console does run better.
I personally tested it interesting.
And then some other folks, multiple people in chat pointing out that SD cards can vary
in speed.
So it could also be a reason why it causes some of the issues that'll be interesting
to see how much of an improvement I notice moving it to the but that just FYI, if you
hadn't heard that yourself, and you're a Pokemon scarlet or violet player, that's a tip.
Don't run it off the SD card.
If you can help it, move it to the main console, you can you can use data management, your
options and kind of move things around.
You can even even uninstall things to download them later if you don't have a bandwidth cap
to worry about.
But I was able to pretty easily move things around to make that work.
Your mileage may vary.
Now I wanted to move to this story real quick.
I know you probably have one other thing.
Did you have one other thing you want to get out Logie with this?
Yeah, just so that people are seeking refunds.
I mean, yeah, if you're unhappy with the state of the games, and then sure, go seek
refund.
Yeah, I mean, that's just common sense, I would say.
Well, the fact that they're getting them from Nintendo is the news there, in my opinion.
This isn't a steam game.
This is an epic store game.
It's a Nintendo game, who are notoriously hard asses.
I mean, I guess it's but it's not like, because I don't think it's unheard of.
I mean, they know the state that it's in.
They're not completely like what the games release in this.
They know.
I mean, come on.
DJI who says, wait, Nintendo is giving out refunds.
Apparently, yes, we are hearing cases of refunds, but we don't we don't know the policy.
Nintendo has not come out to state any sort of policy.
And they probably won't, knowing Nintendo, but I guarantee they're not going to.
So we're really left off of tweets and Reddit posts.
And you know, it's up to you how much faith you want to put in that type of stuff.
Ironically, I have something about a Reddit post.
So again, I'm just going to state this is from a Reddit post.
So I'm not even sure if it's true or not.
But I want to you know, it's a slower Newsweek.
And it's one of those interesting things where I wouldn't be surprised if it's true.
Apparently, one player on Reddit decided to go to Nintendo's customer support and revealed
the response that they received.
The employee claimed this was the first they'd heard about any issues with the games.
And there are no patches or updates in place to fix the problems.
This has now turned way I gotta say that.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Look, I see the face you're making.
I need to get through this.
Sure.
Number one.
Now that is the headline that is running rampant through the industry is Nintendo does not
plan to address Pokemon and Scarlet Violet issues.
That is that that that is a bad headline to run.
I'm going to tell you why.
I guarantee this customer service support.
They have a book, they have a Bible, they have a line, they have to stick to it.
I'm not saying the line that they have to stick to is to lie about the technical support
with the game.
But the line they have to stick to is there are no patches at this time plan for Scarlet
and Violet.
They can't come out and say, Oh, yeah, well, we'll give that to the team to do a patch.
Well, they they can only say what they can say and they can only know what they know,
which one week after the game is out during the Thanksgiving holiday in the US is take
away not fucking much.
So this is a really shitty headline to pull out of a Reddit story interaction with customer
service who doesn't have the script to deal with the situation yet.
That is the reality.
So, but now and then people are saying no, no complaints have been filed about Scarlet
Violet, that part I actually would see is true.
Why why complain through the proper channels when you can just bitch about it on social
media?
So the Reddit Redditor says I filed a complaint about Scarlet Violet performance with Nintendo
support today.
And I encourage anyone who has had issues with the frame rate clipping game crashes,
stuttering, lagging, etc to file a complaint as well.
That is the part of the story I would actually agree with.
If you really feel passionately about it, register a formal complaint that is going
to force Nintendo's hand more than anything.
Oh, God.
Now I'm just realizing as I'm reading through this entire post, I was able to speak with
a real person in the chat feature that everything I just said 60 seconds ago, even worse chat
feature.
I I can't prove it, but I would almost certainly I would bet money it's offshored.
And those folks really have a script on what they can and can't say.
So Mike Deaf says let me guess Kotaku actually no, but I'm not surprised they ran with the
headline either.
This particular article I got pointed to is from the gamer.com.
But I'm telling you, put it in Google News, you'll find 50 start sites that turn this
Reddit post during a slow newsweek into a headline.
And again, there are some pieces of this that I do think are worth saying.
So the one part where I will say, yes, Redditor, you're right, is filing a complaint about
Scarlet Violet performance with Nintendo.
That is the only way something will actually get done about the situation.
But this whole customer service told me this.
Therefore, it must be true.
And I don't fault the Redditor for this.
This isn't me picking on them.
This is me just saying the reality is you're talking to customer service who is probably
contracted with a company, Nintendo, that is not even the company that made Pokemon.
But again, we all associate them with it contracted.
You are literally talking to a ditto of a ditto.
And I'm not even intending to use Pokemon terms, but I guess I did.
You are talking to a ditto of a ditto, probably a ditto of a ditto of ditto, because there's
probably another contractual agreement between offshore and the customer service.
You're talking three dittos deep with customer service.
Of course, they don't have shit to say to you, but they'll register their ticket in
Salesforce and somebody will get back to you in seven to ten days.
Mike Defton chat says, as a person who worked at customer service calls for a US company,
scripts are the name of the game.
And remind us where you live, Mike Deft, Mexico.
Yep.
Fifth Dream says, yeah, contracted with a third party even, so they don't even technically
work for Nintendo.
And it's Game Freak's game, not Nintendo's game.
So we're three dittos deep.
SSG100Matt says, a mimic you of a ditto.
Yeah.
Tiger Claw says, you probably are talking to someone from India.
Perhaps could be the Philippines, could be a number of offshore places that are very
popular.
It could be another part of the US.
Sometimes offshore is still within the US.
I'm not going to make that stuff up right now in the moment.
But all I'm going to say is, again, as far as reporting off customer service statements
go, gaming journalists of the world do not report on customer service interactions.
It is not news.
It's not.
You all should know better.
How fucking long have these websites been around?
Making articles based off of like a Reddit post is kind of lame anyways, or the ones
that report off of like a single tweet.
Have you ever really looked at those Facebook ads you get all the time?
They are all like it's you would never believe what happened to these 10 celebrities.
Number five will shock you.
And it is literally all Reddit posts compiled into a news story.
This is like where journalism is at these days is Reddit posts.
It's and tweets.
Tweets is the other big one as well.
Y'all know I have some strong feelings about Twitter and how really tweets should not be
news at this point, because we know that, you know, literally they will let little literally
anyone back on Twitter.
And by verification for eight dollars, so gaming industry, if you're going to report
on tweets from here on out, that's y'all's ass like that's y'all's ass.
We as podcasters, you, me, Dark Sakura, everybody out there that wants to have a respectable
gaming podcast.
And I say I say this full on self-aware.
We have made this mistake in the past.
So I'm going to own those mistakes in the past.
I'm going to say moving forward, we need to fucking watch if we report on Reddit posts
and tweets.
And if we do, we need to say so.
So we can take it with a big grain of salt.
And that's why I started this was saying take this with a grain of salt because it comes
from a Reddit post.
No offense to Reddit.
I love Reddit.
Most of it.
There's some pretty shitholes in Reddit, but most of Reddit.
I really enjoy.
And, you know, you do get a lot of really interesting stories and you get a lot of people
willing to tell you things on Reddit because they can hide behind a name that they wouldn't
say, you know, somewhere else.
So it does lead to some fascinating stuff sometimes.
That's for sure.
So let's see.
Looking in chat.
SHO 100 Matt says the logic is like I talked to a DIS customer support person in a chat
window about DW.
I'm assuming Disney World.
So I spoke to Bob Iger.
Yeah, did your own?
Oh, excuse me.
Quest Buster says, Yes, YouTube, you won't believe what happened in X Games Syndrome.
Oh, God, you want to talk about another cesspool of Reddit posts becoming clickbait to get
your ads?
It's that.
So anyway, just throwing that out there.
Just throwing that out there.
Okay, let's move on.
Let's change the topic a little bit.
Let's talk about other parts of Nintendo that make us scream internally.
Loki or externally, thanks to Loki.
Yes, Nintendo and their litigious side.
Of course, you got to love it.
So Nintendo is now coming after people with DMCA takedowns regarding fan created steam
icons.
It's a user database called Steam Grid DB.
And I believe custom icons that you can get for I'm assuming big picture mode and for
different like games that you want to have in your library that maybe you obviously steam
doesn't have in the library.
So you can use those or maybe you just want to put legends of the breath of the wild on
among us or something like that.
I don't know.
But it is allowing you to basically, you know, put those different game cover arts or whatever
on or you can import them into your library.
Well, now they're, they're, of course, doing copyright notices, because, you know, there's
official artwork in there from Nintendo, and they don't want it to be related to with a
site that is not facilitating emulation, per se, but it's just like, we're adding some
dressing to your emulation that you're doing, I guess.
So right now, they are taking down just basically anything that's using display Nintendo characters
or intellectual property that could be likely to lead consumer confusion.
And then of course, this has been the site has actually taken some of the stuff down as well.
And right now, they're not kind of going after stuff.
It's like fan art.
But I mean, I wouldn't rule that out at this point.
I don't know.
I'm not surprised.
But also, like, really,
you brought up fan art.
And I'm waiting for the day when Nintendo sues one of those fan boosts at a convention
or something that's producing artwork based I mean, they let's be real, we know they've
turned a big, you know, they've turned their back big time to that sort of thing.
And they don't look directly at it.
And we all we all worry when that shoe is going to drop.
But maybe they also realize that something like that.
Maybe that is where they know the line is that that really would do more harm than good.
But well, yeah, I'm all that stuff.
All that stuff is on borrowed time.
Let's just let's just be real artists in the world.
I'm being real with you.
Love what you do.
Love your work.
Love your interpretations.
Y'all are on borrowed time.
Well, just I don't know, I think I think nothing will happen to Nintendo is what I think.
Honestly, like at this point, they can release buggy games, they can be litigious like crazy.
Do we not?
Do we not remember that not literally a few years ago, they had a process where you couldn't
even make YouTube videos unless you signed up with their service, and then they would
still take all their ad revenue.
This is a company that you're dealing with.
You guys all love them.
You're going to buy their games no matter what we're going to do literally whatever
they want, and you're going to just eat it up.
So I will say, Logie, there is how quickly we forget.
Gamers have also shown they are willing to not buy Nintendo.
Wii U says hello.
So.
You know, yes, they've had the magic touch with the switch and the Wii and, you know,
Liza.
But let's be real, Loki.
The Wii U is a blemish on Nintendo.
Yeah, one that's like decades old, though.
So I mean, decades, not decades.
It feels that.
Stop the revisionist history.
You read that on Reddit.
How old I feel.
Okay, well, that that I accept.
It's one console.
Like, I don't think it matters.
It really doesn't matter at this point, because that's in the past.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, moving on to something maybe less controversial.
I don't know.
I think I think this is DLC that doesn't ruffle a lot of feathers.
I will say that actually, let's let's be real.
We've had a lot of of hard feedback for Nintendo.
I'm going to spotlight something I think Nintendo does very well.
I think Nintendo does DLC very well.
I think they are almost ahead of almost any other company I
can think of off the top of my head when it comes to DLC and
the robustness and the richness and the quality of what you
get in DLC.
And we know that Mario Kart 8 is getting a lot of DLC lately,
and they're getting a new booster course pass with Wave 3
is coming out.
And Wave 3 of the booster course pack will include the
Rock Cup and the Moon Cup, which includes London Loop from
Mario Kart Tour, Boo Lake from GBA, Rock Rock Mountain from
3DS, Maple Treeway from the Wii, and then the Moon Cup is
Berlin Byways, also from Mario Kart Tour.
I'm glad Mario Kart Tour can do something for the franchise,
because it's single handedly.
I think every track for that game is going to end up in this
DLC.
Peach Gardens from the DS, Merry Mountain, which was also
from Mario Kart Tour, and Rainbow Road, the 3DS version.
So if you don't already have the booster course pass, you
can get that for 25 bucks.
And that is for all six sets, 48 new tracks.
This particular set will be coming out December 7th, so
pretty soon.
So there it is.
Mario Kart 8 DLC.
I gotta admit, this is a very typical middle of the pack.
I'm not sure if I'm excited about anything in this,
particularly.
None of these courses.
I remember the Maple Treeway.
That one was all right.
And actually, the Merry Mountain does look pretty cool,
because it has a Christmas train that goes through it and
stuff.
And so it gives me big, like, what was that course on
Nintendo 64 that has the train in it?
It gives me big that vibes.
So it was just in the last DLC.
Yeah, I was gonna say that course in the last one.
Desert.
Yeah.
But this one, I'm pretty sure many of you already plunked
down the money for the six pack course.
These will be new courses to play at your Christmas
gatherings and other holiday gatherings, of course, too.
I don't want to neglect any other holidays out there.
But yeah, I don't think there's nothing in here that jumps
to me like, wow, I've got to have that.
It's not like Waluigi pinballs in this one.
That was in the last one.
It's kind of disappointing to like, I get it.
Like, and then maybe they're saving it for Mario Kart 9
or whatever the case may be, even though they are making
like stuff throughout, I think, next year, too.
It is disappointing to see that they haven't really made
any tracks based off, like Odyssey or anything like that.
Like, I think that would be really cool.
New tracks is basically what you're saying.
You want new tracks?
Yeah.
Yeah.
New tracks, not just porting over everything.
We did get one or two new tracks in the first and second pack.
I don't know if they were just probably Mario Kart tour.
I bet a lot of these new maps are Mario Kart tour maps that
got repurposed or they were going to be for tour.
And then they decided, no, we're going to move it over here.
So but, you know, I have no proof.
That's just, you know, old man insight.
So, yeah.
But yeah, I think we deserve Mario Kart 9.
But at this point, I hope Mario Kart 9 is a launch title
for the next system.
And I would think that would be a hell of a launch title
for a successor to the Switch.
I think that would be a hell of a launch title, especially
if a Zelda game is not going to be ready, which unless you
want to buy into the rumors that, you know, I keep wanting
to say Breath of the Wild 2, but it has a name now.
The Weeping is the Breath of the Wild 2.
Oh, my God.
I can't remember the name of something.
Tears of the Kingdom.
Tears of the Kingdom is going to be dual whatever, whatever.
But we'll see.
Thank you.
Thank you, chat.
Yes, because that's never, like, backfired on a system ever.
A dual release.
I mean, Breath of the Wild was a Wii U game.
I understand that.
And it's probably held back because of that.
It's hard to look at a game like Breath of the Wild and say
it's held back at all, though, to be honest.
Like, that game is still holding up as one of the best games
that's on the Switch at this point.
So we'll see.
All right.
Moving on, Loki.
So this is cool.
Once again, you know, convincing me that maybe I don't need
a PlayStation because the games will eventually come to PC,
and that may be the case.
So as part of, I think, an interview with the Kazunori Yamauchi
about the whole 25th anniversary of Gran Turismo,
I believe it was asked that,
hey, do you see Gran Turismo ever being brought to PC?
Because, you know, some of the other Sony franchises,
like God of War and Spider-Man, Uncharted, whatnot,
have it come to PC.
And he actually said, yeah, I do think so.
But there's, you know, right now, he says that Gran Turismo
is finally, to title is where we get into marketing speak.
There are not many platforms that can run in 4K 60 natively.
PC can, I'm sorry.
So one way we may make that possible is to narrow down
the platform.
It's not a very easy subject, but of course, we are looking
into it and considering it.
Dude, a PC can handle that.
Come on.
I mean, a PC could easily do that, but whatever.
I mean, obviously they probably don't have plans right now,
but it is certainly something that they'd be open to,
I'm sure.
So we'll see what the wait.
I'd like to play it on PC.
Again, my console gaming has gone way down since I got this
new PC.
I don't even touch everything I would play on Series X.
I pretty much play on the desktop.
And honestly, PlayStation five again.
It's really just about the exclusives.
I'm kind of bummed from SC 16 won't come out PC day one,
but it is, of course, of course not going to is what it is
at this point.
I'll get a PlayStation five.
Sony's got to pay those or pay for those exclusives, you
know?
So I mean, it's only fair that they do it, but no one else.
Sometime in the next few weeks, it's a holiday project I
have.
I'm going to be rearranging the space that I do the show
from my office because I'm actually going to put a tea.
I'm going to move things around.
So I actually have, I don't know how much I can show, but
I actually have off to the side where you see the burger
time cabinet.
There's actually a closet over there.
That's like a walk-in closet.
I'm actually going to repurpose that walk-in closet as like
a mini arcade.
So I'm going to move the burger time machine.
Great.
Now I'm not going to be able to get my camera backwards.
I'm going to move the burger time machine into that closet
and move some things around so I can get a TV here in the
studio.
And I'm going to rotate everything to make it happen.
So in the new shot for the show, you should hopefully see
the burger or the burger time machine and maybe future
expansion machines.
We'll see.
We'll see behind me on the stream in the closet.
That's the goal anyway.
I'm not going to be able to get this camera.
Remind me everyone.
I'm not allowed to touch the camera during the show.
All right.
Sorry.
This is terrible radio.
Help me, Loki.
All right.
I think we're good.
All right.
Good.
Just in time.
Looking in chat.
Yeah.
Rollercoaster ride on Rob's cam.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Sorry to do that live, but I wanted to show that and I want
to get TV in here so I can do console gaming and that'll
make it also easy to stream more console games from in here.
If I want to do that.
So which I probably do.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk about a console classic.
The Xbox 360.
Yes, that's a classic.
Now, actually, what's also classic about this.
And I want to thank Matt and our discord over at vognetwork.com
slash discord.
That's vognetwork.com slash discord for bringing the story
to our attention.
And that is that the company that brought back the Duke
controller that was the large concussion enabling Xbox
controller that was on the original Xbox, the company that
brought this back is going to now bring back the Xbox 360
controller.
Hyperkin is the company and Xenon is the Xbox 360 controller
replica for the Xbox and PC.
It is an officially licensed replica of the controller,
believe it or not.
So that's what makes this notable.
What'd you say, Loki?
I said it's not different.
Like the Xbox 360 controller has been the controller for
the last.
I know.
That's kind of where I was ending up with.
This is that honestly, y'all honestly, just get no disrespect
to Hyperkin.
I'm sure they're doing fine work.
Just get a fucking Xbox Series X controller and use it on
your PC.
Like, it's great.
I do it all of the time.
Yeah, I literally have my controller right here.
And you'll notice it's plugged in because you can do that
through a standard USB port.
And I play dead by daylight with my controller and other
things to vampire survivors.
I play on the controller, so it's very, very easy to do.
Yeah, I kind of feel this.
You'll see the point.
Where's the Duke?
I understand because that's a completely different design
for the controller.
But like, this has been the standard for years now.
Yeah.
Now, just keep in mind the controller is being made with
the Series X and S in mind.
So the start and the back buttons, they were replaced some
time ago with menu and view.
So those are now mapped that way.
And then there is still a share button in the middle of
the controller.
I don't think it was that on the original 360.
I think it was something else because the X button was still
a button.
But yeah, I think the share button is new.
So they just kind of added that there in the middle of the
controller, but doesn't really get in the way.
So there you go.
That is something available.
But again, get a Series X controller to be honest.
Zen Monkey says, what Xbox controller works with the PC?
All of them.
If you still have a working 360 controller, you can plug
that in.
Not all games may use it natively, but most will.
And then especially Xbox One and Series X, you can use any
of them.
So yeah, I just like 360.
You have to be careful because if you want to use a wireless
one, you have to have a dongle for that.
That's the only thing because those weren't Bluetooth back
in the day.
Wired, it should work just fine.
But anything like Xbox One and newer, it's all compatible.
It's all the same.
Yeah.
So and then I noticed in chat, they're talking about the D
pad on the three.
I didn't love the D pad on the 360, but I think the one on
the Series X is way better.
But I guess your mileage may vary.
You're welcome to your opinion on whatever one you prefer.
And that might be the reason why somebody wants to kind of
go back to that classic 360 feel.
So there you go.
All right.
Let's get to our next segment.
We're going to do the classic game of the week.
I'm going to play the bump here.
And as promised, Loki is picking this week because Dark
Soccer is still not here and I picked last week.
So it's only fair that Loki gets to do this week's game.
But first, let's do the lovely introduction.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where
I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell
you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And tonight's pick is so good.
Loki, what did you pick?
So I picked Sneak King.
This is a game for the Xbox 360 and actually the original
Xbox, because both consoles would play the same disc.
It was great.
It was an average.
A lot of people didn't know that because the box looked
like 360, right?
Yeah, because it was.
It was.
Yeah, it's it actually says on the box that you can do that.
And it was kind of neat.
And I think it did try it and it actually works, too.
It's pretty cool.
But it is it was an advert game that was one of three that
they released during 2006, and it was developed by Blitz
Games.
And this was a promotion that actually, funny enough,
happened right around the same time in 2006 between November
19th and the 24th.
Blitz Game, also Blitz Game Studios, I should say.
They're also known for some other games, including the Fairly
Odd Parents, SpongeBob SquarePants, but also Close to
To Our Hearts, the Karaoke Revolution games.
Oh, wow.
I did not realize they did those games.
How funny.
They they did those games.
That's right.
So the game has you playing the king, the mascot of Burger
King, and you're tasked with sneaking around creepily and
delivering four different types of Burger King meals to
hungry people.
And it had different levels like the sawmill, the cul de
sac, construction zone, downtown, different unique
characters and challenges that were in there.
There's also a two game modes, free play and challenge.
Free play had you actually undertaking different challenges
and then I guess you could and you could also explore the
area without noise or site detection.
So it was kind of a little bit easier to play that.
And then, of course, challenge mode was like the full game
there. It was great.
I love this game.
So I bought all three.
I don't know where they are.
The only one I think I saw, I had like Pocket Bike Racing
was one of the ones that they did.
And also Big Bumpin was a big bump.
And I remember that one because the Pocket Bike racing had
some conventionally attractive lady on the front cover.
And like the Burger King characters were all relegated to
the back.
Like, what was that?
I was like a really not great target.
I don't remember, you know, stereo audience.
I think it was actually like a person on there.
Oh, was it?
I just was looking at the footage of Sneak King.
I love the way the King walks in this game.
This was actually in my top 10 for 2006 games.
I remember we did a thing on the show and I remember my
big controversial pick was this game in my number 10 slot
because it is absolutely one of the best adver games ever.
It was four dollars.
It was four dollars.
Like, name a game that has that good a value.
Okay, Vampire Survivors, name another.
It was still worth it.
It was still worth it.
You know, I honestly and they had talked about it.
I think doing like another line of these games as well for
like the Xbox one or something like that.
I really wish they would.
I wish they were free.
I would buy them up instantly.
They were just ridiculous.
And I was trying to explain to my kids.
It was yesterday.
Like we went to Burger King, actually, or Friday.
I think we went to Burger King and like did all that.
And I was trying to explain to them that they made games
based off of this stuff.
Wow.
But again, trying to explain to them what Sneak King was.
And it's it's just funny.
But yeah, and I'm sure your kids are like,
Dan, this is not as funny as you think it is.
Oh, it's absolutely just as funny.
But yeah, like the little flourishes you can do
and stuff in the game.
It was fantastic.
But yeah, unfortunately, they never did, you know,
end up doing sequels for this.
But I think it was certainly well received.
I don't know what the sales were on this, but I got to admit,
like, I think, oh, here we go.
Here we go.
So apparently the this is yeah, the games were oh, was $4.
So $3.99 and came with the Burger King meals.
And then they said in they sold 2.7 million copies
during the promotion.
And it was also reported that they said 3.2 million copies
were sold, although there is like different numbers.
So somewhere around 3 million copies of these games are sold.
That's crazy.
That's incredible.
GameSpot gave it a 5.8 out of 10.
IGN.
I don't know what they gave the game for that,
but yeah, it's funny.
Who cares what they thought?
They didn't even have to go to Burger King.
They were probably sent the games.
They didn't have to, you know, eat a mediocre burger
and questionable french fries to, you know, get this product.
So who cares?
Adam Sessler gave it a one out of five.
Who cares?
I don't care because this game is a number one out of five.
In my heart.
That's right.
And that is why it is the classic game of the week.
Well said.
Classic game of the week.
Sneak King, the Xbox 360.
Again, another one of those titles where I remember talking
about this game when it was new.
And here we are 16 years later revisiting it back.
It's a classic game.
Burger King.
We need you to remaster these games.
Come on.
We got to bring it to modern consoles again.
Just sneaking.
We don't have to worry about the other ones,
but like just sneaking, maybe a sneak king too.
And then, like, a couple other, you know, we do a sports game.
Bigger bumping.
Bigger bumping.
All right.
Let's check out some rapid fire news.
Some other quick headlines in our industry.
We'll get to release dates, a few more stories, and then
maybe some calls.
We'll see if anyone wants to call in tonight.
Let's move on, though.
We do have some rapid fire news to get to.
Just a few quick headlines for you.
So I'm not a player of this game, but I've definitely seen
a lot of people play Disney Dreamlight Valley.
And apparently on December 6, you are going to be able to
play in the Toy Story realm.
So it's pretty cool.
They're going to have Buzz and Woody in there.
And I think they even have the bedroom as well, or at least
some cosmetics that are from all that.
So that's pretty cool to see that come into the game.
So check that out very soon.
And then this is kind of neat.
The Tetris, the Grandmaster is finally coming to consoles.
Thanks to that wonderful Arcade Archives series.
So you'll be able to play that pretty soon with all the
wonderful features that you would expect from the game.
Almost 1000 levels and introducing the 20G mechanic.
So, yeah, that'll be coming out very soon.
Excellent.
One quick headline I have for you in rapid fire news is
about No Man's Sky.
You know, I love this game a lot.
I talk about it a lot.
Patch 4.06 was released this week, and it included the
Nintendo Switch, which is great because there's been some
complaints about some performance things on the Switch.
What a shock, right?
But apparently, actually, the performance stuff aside,
apparently the game does run very well on the Switch, like
way better than people anticipated it to.
I haven't played it firsthand, so I can't say, but most people
I know that are playing on the Switch are pleased with it.
So, yeah, that's why we're saying they can get No Man's
Sky to run on the Switch and look pretty good.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
All right.
Enough said.
But yeah, so I'm not going to read every bullet in this
because a lot of it is just bug fixes, especially when it
caused, like, broken loops and things like that.
And, you know, menus that didn't go to where they were
supposed to go under certain conditions and things like
that. So it's mostly a bug fix.
But what I will mention with the No Man's Sky update is that
they are repeating something they did last year, and that
is the Expedition Encore.
So if you missed Expeditions 5, 6, 7, or 8, you can play
those again right now, at least the first one.
So Expedition 5 is live right now, and you can run that,
I believe, through December 11th.
Don't quote me on that date because I neglected to bring
up the calendar right in front of me.
But they're going to be running each of them for about
two weeks.
Me personally, I still need to finish 7 and 8.
So I will be participating in this as well because I did
not finish 7 or 8.
I finished all the others, but not those two.
So I'm going to go back and do this.
This is also great for those of you that just started on
the Nintendo Switch.
Like, I believe Mich, if she's out there, she started on
the Nintendo Switch.
So the Nintendo Switch fan base never got a chance at these.
So this is a good chance for y'all to catch up.
So that's pretty nice as well that is available.
So check that out.
Quest Buster says I should try to get the Living Freighter.
It's so weird.
The weird thing is, I don't remember ever getting that,
but I beat number 5.
I went to, you know how I know, is I went to the Space Anomaly
and I looked at all the unredeemed rewards and they were
all for 7 or 8.
But now y'all had me worried.
I feel like I thought I beat 5, but maybe not.
Quest Buster does point out there's probably a billion
base shortcuts to help.
Absolutely.
But sometimes be careful because sometimes for the encores,
they mix up the starting point.
They mix up the starting planet.
They did that last year with 3, the one that was like you
did 90% of the expedition on a singular planet.
It was a very different way to play the game.
They mixed up the planet for the encores.
So be careful.
The encores are usually a little different because they
run in a tighter time frame.
So they have to change some things.
I'm very curious how that roguelike expedition, which was
bad.
I'm not going to just because I enjoy the game.
I'm not going to make excuses.
That was a bad expedition.
I'm very curious to see how they're going to adjust that
for the two week window, but we'll see because I have to
beat it if I want to keep my streak up.
So we'll see.
All right, moving on.
Let's check out some release dates.
If any, I imagine this week is going to be very slow as
will be the trend through the rest of the year.
But let's see.
Let's see.
How about release dates around the world, starting in the
US things.
So we've got, let's see, soccer story, which is coming out
on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5,
Xbox One, Xbox Series and Stadia.
Gundam Evolution on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One
and Xbox Series.
Front Mission First Remake on Nintendo Switch.
The Outbound Ghost on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Sword of the Vagrant on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4
and Xbox One.
Warhammer 40K Dark Tide on PC.
Inscription on Nintendo Switch.
Also the Outbound Ghost coming to Nintendo Switch a little
bit later in the week.
River City Girls 2 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4,
PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
We have Romancing Saga, the Minstrel Song Remastered on PC,
Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, iOS and
Android.
Samurai Maiden on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and
PlayStation 5.
Spirit Hunter Death Mark 2 on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation
4.
The Walking Dead Saints and Sinners Chapter 2 Retribution
on PC and PlayStation 4.
Really long title for the week.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
Rush Duel!
Dawn of the Battle Royale!
Let's Go!
Go Rush!
Nintendo Switch.
The Kalisto Protocol on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5,
Xbox One, Xbox Series.
Early leaks are showing that that game is really buggy too,
but it is very common for review and pre-release things
to still have a lot of bugs.
So we do want to be mindful that that game is not in its
final state.
There will be a day one patch as there is for any big game
at this point.
Yeah.
Marvel's Midnight Suns on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
And then last but not least, Need for Speed Unbound on PC,
PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
That's it.
All right, going to Japan.
We have a busy week on the Nintendo Switch.
Again, the holidays fluctuate a little different in Japan.
So we do have this week on December 1st.
Shinigami!
Shibito Magire comes out on the Switch, as does Windstorm,
Samurai Maiden, also released in Japan.
River City Girls 1 and 2 in a multi-language edition,
so you can run it in multiple languages.
Also comes out in Japan.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
Rush Duel, Dawn of the Battle Royale,
the same thing that Loki just pointed out,
is obviously coming out in Japan as well.
Those games are big over there too.
Rune Factory 4 gets a re-release and a price reduction
version.
SIFU gets a release in Japan this week,
also in a multi-language version.
The Capcom Belt Action Collection,
that's like the fighting game collection,
that comes out in Japan in a price reduction.
So it's already been out there, but it's price reduced.
This game is only out in English, which is interesting.
It's called Let's Play Oink Games.
And you might think, oh, is it a pig game?
No, it's like a brand of like card and board games.
So it actually is kind of like a Clubhouse Games type of thing,
but around one company's games.
Deep Sea Adventure, Startups, Moon Adventure,
This Face, That Face,
those are some of the games that are available in that.
So I thought that was kind of an interesting one,
because I had not heard of that before,
but maybe some of you in chat have.
Going to the PlayStation 5, we have Samurai Maiden
is also out on the PlayStation 5,
River City Girls 1 and 2,
Dakar Desert Rally is out,
as well as Session Skate Sim.
And that's it for the PlayStation 5 this week in Japan.
Since Dark Sakura's not here,
perhaps Loki will take us to Europe tonight.
Yeah, we have the Doctor Who Duel Bundle
that's on PlayStation, Xbox, and the Switch.
Astro Knight on PlayStation and the Switch.
We have new Joe and Mac Caveman Ninja
on PlayStation and the Switch.
The Kalisto Protocol on PlayStation and Xbox series.
We've got Midnight Suns on PlayStation and Xbox.
Last Days of Lazarus on PlayStation.
And let's see, Need for Speed Unbound
on PlayStation and Xbox.
And a few more here.
Cobra Kai 2 Dojo's Rising on PlayStation, Xbox, and the Switch.
And we've got the Eternal Cylinder on PlayStation,
and then that's it.
All right, let's do a few more headlines.
We have four more stories before the show is done tonight,
but we are willing to take your calls and your emails.
Participate at Orangelaunchradio.com,
although I don't think I saw any for this week, unfortunately.
But we always welcome your emails.
Participate at Orangelaunchradio.com.
We'll see if we get any calls tonight as well
over on Discord in our green room.
For now, we have some more stories for you,
starting with Loki.
Yes, so the Sims 4's gallery has been updated
to enhance its profanity filter.
So there's been some instances they say
our wholly unacceptable content has been uploaded
to the Sims 4 gallery.
This is our team has reviewed and made critical updates
to the profanity filter to prevent this
from happening in the future.
We are grateful for the community's vigilance
in helping us identify these inappropriate uploads
so we can maintain a safe, creative environment
for our players.
And so, yeah, get your smut off of there.
There's other places for that.
That's right, Reddit.
We went over that earlier.
All right, moving on.
You may not have heard of this company, Onoma,
but Onoma was Square Enix Montreal.
But, you know, some studios changed hands and things.
So Onoma has announced that they will be shutting down service
for four of their mobile games,
including Hitman Sniper The Shadows, Deus Ex Go.
Is that like Pokemon Go?
I have no idea.
No, I think that's like that Hitman Go
or something like that.
I think, remember the mobile games that they have
that were kind of...
Well, there's Hitman Sniper is one game,
and then Deus Ex Go is another game.
And I'm just joking.
Is that Pokemon Go?
I don't think it is at all.
I think this is just go because it's mobile.
Arena Battle Champions and Space Invaders Hidden Heroes.
They are all going to be removed from the app store
in the Android store on December 1st.
So this is like literally your last chance to grab it.
All the in-game purchases have been stopped on January 4th.
You won't be able to play any of those games anymore.
No refunds, all sales final.
So whereas some companies, Stadia, refunded all the money,
Onoma already spent it, so they will not be refunding it.
And you can see more in an official tweet
that they published over at Studio Onoma.
Square Enix Montreal, of course,
they were originally founded in 2011.
They mainly focused on mobile games,
but they did have a pretty dedicated audience
with these strategy games like Hitman, Tomb Raider, Deus Ex.
But of course, as we know,
Embracer Group picked out the studio,
and they're not saying that these games are unloading
because of this exchange.
You could probably infer that.
But yeah, so Onoma is now the name of the studio,
but it was Square Enix Montreal.
So if you played any of those games,
sorry for your loss.
Uh, let's move on.
And just a couple more stories, Loki.
Yeah, so Rockstar Games is basically tightening up
some of the rules that they have for role-playing servers
within Grand Theft Auto Online.
And this is not necessarily going to get rid
of role-play servers per se,
but it's more to crack down on NFTs
and people pushing crypto,
different loot box sponsorships.
Because of course they are.
Yeah, so apparently it says it doesn't,
right now the rules don't address
or directly address virtual currencies,
loot boxes, sponsorships, crypto, and NFTs,
but they're bringing the existing single-player
PC mod rules into play.
So basically trying to,
they made the comment was that they're an extension
of a rich array of community-created experiences
within Grand Theft Auto.
We hope that those continue to thrive in a safe
and friendly way for many years to come.
But, you know, obviously they're trying to stop people
from selling stuff within their games.
I would imagine like maybe even out of game content,
you know, selling different things with that.
You know, basically saying that, you know,
licensed music, sponsorship deals,
loot boxes and stuff like that.
You can't buy loot boxes, only shark cards.
No loot boxes, only the officially sanctioned stuff.
But yeah, so they've updated their policy,
basically saying that, yeah,
misuse of Rockstar Games trademarks
and game intellectual property,
importation or misuse of other IPs is not allowed,
real-world brands, characters, trademarks, and music,
commercial exploitation, including the sale of loot boxes
for real-world currency or an in-game equivalent,
the sale of virtual currencies, generating revenue
via corporate sponsorships or in-game integrations,
or the use of cryptocurrencies, crypto assets,
making new game stories, missions, or that.
I can't make new game stories and missions and maps.
Well, you probably can't turn around and sell them.
I imagine it's the big thing they're trying to prevent.
I think as long as you don't sell it.
Cracking down on bringing Grand Theft Auto IV
into the five engines, stuff like that.
Yep.
So they're just cracking down on a few more things.
All right.
Well, is that going to get you to play Grand Theft Auto online
if you know it's going to be NFT3?
No, I wasn't playing it when it was NFT3.
So no, that ship is sale.
It's going to be Grand Theft Auto VI
is what I'm going to be waiting for.
All right.
And hopefully, hopefully we get that sooner rather than later.
But, you know, let's not hold our breath, shall we?
Maybe at the Game Awards, we'll see.
By the way, unfortunately, this year at VOG Network,
we're not going to be doing a simulcast for that.
Bobby Black Wolf is going to be out of town.
And I actually agreed to host another show that night.
I'm going to guest on another show that night
because the usual host is going to be out.
So unfortunately, no co-stream.
Loki, if you want to co-stream, you can do your Loki stream.
Yeah, unfortunately, nothing official here at VOG,
unless Loki does it.
I have to see what time it is.
4.30 Pacific, I believe is when it starts.
But it's probably one of those 30-minute pre-shows.
Well, I would say of nothing,
but I do feel like they did actually announce
a lot of stuff previously.
Anyway, that was a lot.
But yeah, it'll be interesting.
All right.
Last and sadly tonight, you know,
the world of pop music lost an icon this week.
Irene Cara, who you might recognize as the name behind
huge, huge 80s songs, including Fame and Flashdance,
passed away this week at the age of 63.
And you might be asking,
what in the hell does this have to do with video games?
And my answer is a lot.
Thank you very much.
Because remember, we all met playing Dance Dance Revolution.
And sure enough, Dance Dance Revolution third mix.
There is a cover.
Oh, this came through loud.
Sorry, I didn't mean for it to be this loud.
There's a cover of Flashdance.
It's more of a speed mix,
as was very popular in that sort of era.
But yeah, the speed mix by Magica of Flashdance,
what a feeling,
sort of exposed a whole new generation to this song.
And some people then discovered Irene Cara through that,
who I do believe has a co-writing credit on this song.
So there is that.
Anyway, that's about the most of that song I can play
before I get somebody in trouble.
But yeah, so Irene Cara obviously has a connection
to Dance Dance Revolution,
specifically third mix through that song.
And if you don't like those songs in the first place,
why are you so hateful?
Like those are just some amazing songs.
You really have to kind of be sad.
Like we didn't really hear other songs
from her later in her career,
but certainly she left her mark on 80s culture.
Also, you might know Irene Cara from The Electric Company
was where she was originally from.
I mean, you specifically,
maybe your parents know them from The Electric Company,
but she was on that as well.
She was in the movies Erin Loves Angela and Sparkle.
And of course, we all know Fame,
where she starred as Coco Hernandez in that movie.
She had the record.
She also had Out Here on My Own was a ballad.
She was nominated for a Golden Globe and two Grammys.
And yes, Cara co-wrote the lyrics to Flashdance,
What a Feeling, which was all over.
She'd have some other songs later called Why Me and Breakdance.
But she'll probably be most well-known
for her affiliation with Fame and all of that good stuff.
So Dejirama S says Morgan Freeman
got his start on The Electric Company,
if I recall correctly.
Yeah, I think I did see on YouTube a clip of that.
So Zen Monkey said I had a major crush on her.
Yeah, I know it's sad.
Darted Suya says DDR definitely exposed me
to a lot of new music.
Absolutely, absolutely.
And so Irene Cara was one of those greats.
So rest in peace.
Let's get to the you part of the show
where if you want to give us a call,
you can join our green room over at vognetwork.com
slash Discord.
Again, that's vognetwork.com slash Discord.
Or you can always send us a message in our chat
over at twitch.tv slash vognetwork.
If you have something you want us to talk about
before we sign out for the night,
let me check in with Loki.
It's kind of a slower week with the US
not running for the past three days.
But anything you want to throw out here
for last minute stories?
There's nothing.
Yeah.
We were scraping at the bottom already.
I know.
We were kind of...
When we're turning Reddit posts into stories,
you know it's a slow week.
And the same is true of the sites you visit every day.
They still got to get clicks in November and December.
They got to make those ad folks happy.
Have you experimented with any...
Let me ask this question
because this is something a lot of people are going through.
And I promise I'm not going to make this
a Twitter hate boner thing.
You all know my issues with Twitter and why I deleted.
I'm curious.
Have you explored any of those alternatives to Twitter
right now that are going around?
What are your thoughts with all the...
I don't want to say Twitter knockoffs
because a lot of these things have existed for years.
They're just coming to light because of what's going on.
But what are your thoughts
on some of the Twitter successors maybe?
I don't know.
I think I set up an account on Mastodon in Hive
and that's about it as far as I've gone.
You have Hive?
Did I add you on Hive?
I don't know.
I have to find you if I haven't already added you.
Yeah, I'm with Matt.
I kind of like Hive.
I don't love the layout on Hive
because it feels more Instagram to me, which is fine.
I like Instagram, but the photos take up so much space.
One nice thing about Twitter before you know who ruined it
was that it was very compact
in the way it showed its information on Twitter.
And I want Hive to be able to get to that point too
where it can show the information on the screen compactly.
But Hive's biggest issue right now
is that there's no web client for Hive.
And that leads to all sorts of accessibility issues
for people too, which people are calling out about Hive.
But we have to remember it's two people,
I think three that run Hive.
And it was not intended to be a Twitter replacement.
It just kind of is that right now for some people.
So y'all got to be patient with Hive
and understand many of the issues.
They're at least acknowledging it.
They're like, yeah, we need to work on accessibility.
Okay, cool.
They're acknowledging it,
but it's not going to be fixed tomorrow.
So we'll see.
I would be very curious watching all of these people flee
if a big backer is going to get in there.
I'm really curious if an Amazon, a Google,
which would be wild, but I don't put them off the table.
Let's come back, baby.
I would be very curious if one of these big tech,
well, an Apple themselves, who knows?
What the fuck was that thing called?
Wave?
No, that was Google.
What was Apple's social media thing that flopped?
It flopped hard.
I don't want to think about that.
Apple, it was built into iTunes at one point and it flopped.
But anyway, my point is any one of these companies
is going to buy Hive when they see how big it's getting.
And it's going to be very interesting.
But again, I would much rather welcome Apple taking over Hive.
And I'm completely fanficking this.
So, you know, insert big tech company here
as opposed to what's going on at Twitter right now.
I would completely welcome Amazon for God's sake.
So Tiger Claw says Apple doesn't have a social media server.
They did.
They did.
It was integrated into iTunes
and they tried to get musicians to be on there.
And it was a music based social feed.
Somebody's going to know what I'm talking about.
And then you all are going to know.
You all are going to go, oh, yeah, that that came in.
It was faster than Google Plus.
What the hell is it called?
Ping.
It was called Ping.
iTunes Ping.
Orangewrite1 in chat.
There it is.
iTunes Ping.
Yeah, I had to Google it real fast.
And they discontinued it in 2012.
Ping could be a classic game of the week.
That's how long ago Ping went away.
But anyway, Hive is going to be interesting.
The more and more people that flee to it,
the more and more somebody are going to throw those two women.
I believe it was two women that started that company.
They're going to throw those two women a lot of money.
And it's going to be hard to say no to it.
It's going to be like the wordle dude.
The wordle dude is a great road map for what's about to happen to Hive.
The other one is Mastodon.
I like Mastodon.
I'm well aware of Mastodon's moderation issues
and some of the things that have happened over there
that need to be worked on.
It's a little interesting because it's so decentralized.
I also don't think you should be throwing rocks at Mastodon
from your Twitter account.
When you are on a platform that is literally forgiving Nazis.
And again, those of you that are staying on Twitter,
I understand.
I'm not judging that.
I'm judging the people throwing rocks at Mastodon from Twitter.
Big difference.
I hope you see it.
But I think Mastodon, the hardest thing is understanding it
and getting the right client.
And I finally did get the right client.
For me on iOS, the client I use is called,
I think it's meta text.
So meta text.
And once you get that, it looks a lot like Twitter, to be honest.
But I actually love that you have a 500 character limit on Mastodon
and it flows so much better.
You can turn off retuts or whatever they call it.
I really like Mastodon.
It's just not enough people flocked to it.
My feed feels really empty compared to what I had on Twitter.
But I knew that was going to happen.
It is what it is.
I also really like co-host.
But co-host has the exact opposite problem of Hive.
Co-host only has a web app and no phone app.
And to really have a successful social media platform,
in my opinion, you need both.
So hopefully co-host gets there.
Co-host has serious live journal vibes.
Serious live journal vibes, but like somehow streamlined.
And I see the people that are like building games completely
in co-host, which I think is really neat, which I think is
what Orange Wright is referencing in chat right there.
Because he's the one I see reblogging a lot of that stuff
where there's like full on games that are built in co-host.
So I like co-host.
So I'm on Hive at Rob Roberts.
The one nice thing about this is I'm getting to claim my name
everywhere before some silly politician in Europe can do it.
Because there's that guy that's named Rob and there's the DJ
in Australia that's named that, the gun owner.
So I'm getting my name before any of these other people
that want to claim it.
So I'm Rob Roberts on Hive.
Rob Roberts at Mastodon.social.
And then I'm Rob Roberts on co-host.
So I'm all of them.
Fifth Dream says, I'm just gonna go back to MySpace.
IDGAF.
Honestly, I still have a MySpace.
There's space.
There's space.
Hey, Dartusuya was showing that one that there's space.
Hey is literally MySpace without Tom.
That's it.
It's otherwise like literally just a redoing of MySpace.
So, all right.
No other calls seem to be coming in tonight.
So let's yeah.
Pod culture, same for me.
I go on and I snag my name.
That's why I'm like, I don't know which one of these is
going to stick.
Personally, there's a lot about Hive I like.
There's a lot about co-host I like.
There's a lot about Mastodon I like.
There's things I like in all three of them.
I love the fact that Mastodon is decentralized.
Just have them all merge together.
They can all like become one big company.
Well, the Hive and the co-host problem is that somebody
could buy them.
Nobody can buy Mastodon.
That's that's the most fascinating thing about it to me.
So because it's decentralized.
And now the fact that you have things like Tumblr says
they're going to integrate with the Fediverse, which would
mean you could get a Tumblr feed on Mastodon.
And then another big one came out this week.
And one of the photo services said they were going to do
it as well.
So it could be interesting.
Orange writing chat says that's the thing I didn't understand.
So pick a server.
I'm like, I don't know.
Well, it's like email.
Do you want Gmail?
Do you want Yahoo?
It's all email at the end of the day.
But your server is going to dictate because, you know,
basically who is running it.
You do have to trust your server admin to like make the
right moderation decisions and block the right servers.
That's why Bobby Blackwolf on his show was like, I could
make a VoG network Mastodon server.
I do not want to run one.
And I'm like, honestly, I get it.
Say no more.
Like you shouldn't have to run.
That's a full time job to run a server like that.
It takes a lot of work.
There'd be too many moderation decisions and things like
that. So I get it.
I get it.
So all right, that's going to do it for tonight's Orange
Lounge Radio.
I know it's a little bit shorter of a show, but hey, it's
a holiday.
What can we do?
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts and
wrap it up for tonight.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio,
tell a friend or two help us spread the word because we
are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need
more voices out there to put out there.
So tell a friend or two about the show.
A nice five star review on iTunes, Spotify, wherever it
is you found this show.
Those go an awful long way.
We need more spot.
Even if you don't listen in Spotify, if you have a Spotify
account, please look up Orange Lounge Radio rate is five
stars. Amazon has a big podcasting thing now, too.
And we're in that as well.
Rate, rate, rate, five stars.
Really appreciate it.
I saw, like, was it, I know there's another podcast I
listened to that's more Minecraft related called the
Wuthering effect, and they do like polls or like ask, have
questions and comments.
Like if there's actually like comment functionality in
Spotify, which I didn't even know was a thing, I'll have
to look into it.
Yeah, I'm all for doing that.
I want to be careful to not because it might be, it might
be a Spotify exclusive show, and I don't want to make this
show exclusive to anyone platform, but I'll look into it.
I would rather they go to vognetwork.com to do the polls,
though, so we'll see.
All right, that's it.
Let's wrap it up and get out of here for the night.
Let's get final thoughts.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
Keep working on Minecraft stuff.
Do that.
And me, I'm going to try to stream more Pokemon.
I'm excited to play more of the game, get some more good
stuff, start trading for version exclusives, breeding the
dittos, getting three dittos deep on sprigatito clones and
so forth.
So that's it.
Have a great week, everybody.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I hope you all have a wonderful night.
Good night.
Not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge
Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
