It's cold outside and I have snow on the ground. That means it's the time of year where
best game, best music, best story actually matters. That's right, the Video Game Awards
has released their nominees and voting is active. You can also vote via a bot on their
Discord group. That's new. Discord is quickly becoming the next everything social network.
And not a moment too soon because Twitter decided to sell to a social network. This
episode is being recorded on a popular music gaming date. Now it's time for your hosts Rob
Roberts, Jamie Summers and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the
week's gaming news. Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. Sorry, it's my first time hearing that intro tonight. You just listened in
advance but that one I went into without hearing it and Jason's really funny. Appreciate the work
he does there. Where was I? Hi, welcome back. It's another week of Orange Lounge Radio. Tonight,
the 20th of November, 2022. 20 November, a beat matching holiday. I'll get into that in a minute.
And it's episode number 937 of our show. My name is Rob Roberts and I'm here with y'all every
single week except last week. We were actually not here last week. So we're back after a week off.
Not joining us tonight unfortunately, Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers. Jamie, as you know, she's been
dealing with her voice issues and while those are getting better, I'm sure you all are well aware
because she's been talking about it on this show that her mom has been going through some medical
issues and I know she did like a marathon on her personal stream. What's great is that she raised,
I believe it was a thousand dollars for her mom's medical care on that stream that she did on the
15th. So props to that. She actually is taking this week and next to go be with her family. So
she's actually with her mom and some of her other family members, both biological and chosen out in
Alabama. So she's not going to be joining us tonight or next week. Perfectly understandable
why after that scenario, she is spending some time with her family. So we'll talk to her when
she gets back in a few weeks. But in the meantime, we do have, of course, as he is here with us every
week, say hello to Tech Master, Loki. Hello. Hi, Loki. How are you doing? I'm getting over cold.
Oh, same. I've been battling this like thing for like two weeks. It's stinky and it's not COVID.
I tested a million times for that because of course, I'd be the one to get it three times,
right? But no, it's not COVID. It's like, oh yeah, there's other illnesses too, right?
Yeah. Basically, my wife had it first and then I caught it later, like a week or two later.
So yeah, it's just like a congestion, a cough now. Well, it's a bummer, but I hope you were able to
have a good week off anyway. Yeah, it was fun. Yeah. Did you do anything exciting or work on
Minecraft videos? I've been working on getting a modded server up and running to play modded
Minecraft. And so I finally did that and launched it today and live stream from it today also.
Except OBS decided to record two seconds of it and not three hours of it. But there's ways to
get around that. It's just being stupid. So I just have to, it's fine. It was more of just because I
haven't streamed on YouTube before. I've streamed only on Twitch. So it was setting that up too.
And so I expected stuff to be not perfect. And that's fine. It wasn't ideal recording
conditions either because my family was behind me, shouting and talking and all that stuff. So
it was, you know, typical first stream. Yeah. Yeah. So we do tape live, of course,
every Sunday night at the voice of geeks network, twitch.tv slash vog network at nine o'clock
Eastern six o'clock Pacific right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. And there's some folks in chat
like Mike deaf says happy 20 November. And this is an interesting comment in here. Pod culture
suggesting since dark soccer isn't here. Pod culture says, bring Shane on to talk Pokemon.
Well, funny. You should mention that. Hi, Shane. Hello. How are you? I'm fine. Now,
Shane doesn't have a webcam tonight cause he's shy. Uh, but we have, uh, I just don't have a
webcam. That's fine. We just, we have an appropriate avatar picked, uh, in your absence
tonight. Your, your V tubing will say, yeah, my little character was moving around uncontrollably
for some reason. Um, so yeah, this is a big week because Pokemon released this week and we'll get
into that in a little bit. Um, it's also 20 November, uh, which is, uh, kind of a big deal
in the, uh, beat matching world. I'll get into that in a little bit as well. Um, also one thing
I wanted to like briefly talk about, unfortunately I did not have the time to sufficiently prepare
this topic and I'll talk about why in a minute. So I'm going to kind of table this a little bit to
next week. But, um, this last week I was in, um, Seattle and I didn't say anything about this
because I didn't know for sure if this was going to happen, but, um, just in time to kind of
celebrate the launch of the new Pokemon game. Um, I, uh, was able to actually take a tour of the
offices at the Pokemon company international out in, uh, Bellevue. Uh, I have a friend that happens
to work out there and, uh, you know, I was able to take a pretty cool tour of the office. It's,
it's an office, you know, so, and no, there was, it's not like I was there to see any product or
anything like that. So don't, don't put your minds in that place. It was just to kind of see like,
what a neat, uh, Pokemon themed office building it was. Obviously I thought of you, Shane,
cause I was like, wow, Shane would like really love to see a lot of this stuff. Um, I took a
lot of pictures. I will absolutely share those. I apologize. I did not get through being able to
do that for tonight's show. There's just some other stuff that's come up. So we'll talk about
that, uh, next week on the show and I'll share the pictures. Um, I, I, before we get into some
of the gaming news though, I do want to bring a couple other things up because there are,
there are some important things going on in the world and I'm going to be like completely honest,
like I am a little bit tilted tonight, meaning like, you know, when we talk about like our
mental health and stuff, I'm, I'm not totally feeling it tonight. And I'm, I,
I know that might be a weird thing to say at the top of the show when we do these podcasts and,
you know, we get really excited to do them every week and I am, and I'm happy to be here with all
of you. Um, but there's just obviously a lot in the world that's going on that's sitting heavy
on me today. Um, not to be too dramatic about it, cause I've thrown enough of a fit online,
but you all know I'm pissed off about what happened with Twitter. I'm pissed off to the
fact that I left. Uh, and I have, I've privated my account. I'm not using it again. I've taken
the app off my phone. I didn't delete it because I don't want somebody impersonating me in 30 days,
uh, with the whole blue check thing and all that stuff. But obviously, um, I do not agree with the
decision decisions of Elon Musk. I do not agree that somebody that actively used the platform
to commit a crime against the United States, which is what, I mean, I realize people don't like it.
When I get political on this show, you can sugar coat that all you want. You can try to explain
all you want. You can try to excuse it all you want. People died because of tweets that that guy
wrote on January 6th. And the fact that it's a fucking poll that puts him back on the platform
when he knows that bots overrun that platform, which is why he tried to get out of buying it in
the first place. This guy consistently makes these business decisions and then changes his
mind on a whim. He is an absolutely terrible boss. And I, for one, am not going to help put
any money in his pocket. And if you are using Twitter right now, that is what you are doing.
And I'm not, I'm not judging. And I'm not saying like you're canceled or anything like that. Look,
I get it. There's no ethical consumption under capitalism. You have to choose what you have to
choose and all that stuff. But this, this is the line for me. And the reality is there is,
there is not a publicly owned company anymore. There is no Twitter stock anymore. There is one
owner of Twitter. And my continued use of that platform would be actively encouraging advertisers
and other things to put money into his pocket. And even if it's not money directly, guess what?
It's your information. It's the, it's the tracking of your data. It's the cookies that from
advertising websites and things like that. And I'm done. And yes, I understand that the one that he
unbanned says he's not going to come back. I don't give a fuck. It's the principle of the
whole thing. It's the line that was crossed. It's these continued demonstrated platforms that this
guy has no business running this company. It is the fattest of fat cats inhaling the town square.
He said, he says, oh, Twitter should be the town square. Then you, the richest man on the planet
shouldn't fucking own it and make these decisions. And I'm not playing into that hand anymore. I'm
done. So those that want to stay around. Cool. Me. Done. Uh, looking in comments and chat. Um,
let's see. Uh, YYR says, you know, the poll results didn't make a damn difference. He was
going to reinstate the orange Cheeto no matter what. Also the accounts of most slime balls
previously banned have been reinstated. Yeah. Agree. It's, it's not a place I want to be a
part of. Period. Uh, hi, dark soccer, dark soccer. So I need some chat after all. Um,
even though she's on, uh, uh, I w I would say vacation. It's not really vacation. She's on a,
uh, important trip this week of other sorts. Uh, he also doesn't hold any patents for any of his
own technology used in Tesla. He's an asshole. That's it. Like, let's just call it what it is.
He's an asshole period. And I don't want to, I don't want to make assholes money done. So anyway,
that's my soapbox on that. Sorry if it pissed you off, but also not sorry. That's my opinion.
I'm sticking to it. Does this impact video games? Absolutely. Think about how gaming culture has
changed for better and for worse because of this website, the access to developers that we have for
better. Like when we did the president cat thing, that was kind of fun years ago, right? Getting
ready, getting, being able to touch out to the developers and for worse, I'm not going to say
the name, but it rhymes with gamer hate worse, worse, worse. Anyhow, that's been weighing on my
mind. Then of course, obviously in the real world, we have the news of what happened in
Colorado Springs last night. And you know, this, this hurts my heart. And what happened there is,
is awful. It's terrible. And I'm frustrated beyond words because I know exactly what's going
to happen. I know exactly what's going to happen because this happens every single time. There's
one of these mass shootings and now it's a mass shooting that happens within the LGBTQIA plus
community. My people, I know exactly what's going to happen. Everybody on Twitter and such, all of
these politicians who don't give a fuck about LGBT people are going to be out there saying, this is
wrong. And our thoughts and prayers are with the family and this is wrong. And then you know what,
tomorrow, they're going to go back to writing their bills to try to ban drag queen brunches
because they've decided that's the battle they want to pick right now because these cunts out
there on Twitter, and I'm sorry, I use that word, but I'm talking about that one out of Colorado
and she is a cunt. And I have no other word to more accurately describe it because she's going
to be the one that goes out there on Twitter. And then she's going to say, Oh, you should be,
and she said this, you should be having your kids in church, not at a drag queen brunch.
Well, how many drag queens have been out there molesting children versus priests, Miss Boebert?
This is just, it's a sham. It's hate. It's a hate campaign. And I'm sick of it.
Look what it does to my tone. I do and say things I would not usually say
on air, but I'm sorry. Like, this is, this is what it is.
So these things are weighing heavy on my mind. And now there's another thing that that's come
to my attention. And there is no easy way to say this news. This is something that affects
everyone listening tonight. I got an email earlier today from one of our longtime listeners,
Obi Wan jabroni, who I think is in chat right now. And Obi Wan jabroni, you know, is, you know,
and Obi Wan jabroni, you know, is, is friends with other people that have been listening to
the show and participated with this community. And I'm not going to read the email word for word,
because I'm not sure if I'm allowed to do so. But and it's a, you know, it's private email.
And, but that's beside the point, I'm going to just tell you what it's about. And it's the fact
that one of our listeners who is named that I recognize from this chat, quite frequently,
Fat Ninja DM, somebody whose chat comments I know, I've read on this show as frequently
or as recently as like, not even a month ago, or whenever we were last, you know, on the program,
read comments on the show, somebody who has been kind enough to donate and send money and buy gift
subs for people and so forth. I think you probably know where I'm going with this, I received word
that Fat Ninja DM passed away yesterday. And it was sudden. It was not something that could have
been foreseen. And I'm not sure what else to say. And I'm sorry, I know that's not easy news to
deliver. But that is also something that's weighing on my mind today. Because, you know,
I talk a lot about how Orange Launch Radio is, you know, all of us that are sitting around at
the table after playing DDR at the arcade and how appropriate we're talking about that here on 20
November, after we're playing DDR at the arcade sitting around that table, and eating mozzarella
sticks and talking about games we love and what we're playing and what we're into. And Fat Ninja
absolutely had a seat at that table, talking about these things with us. So truly, we've lost one of
our own this week suddenly. And that hurts. There's no easy way to say it or sugarcoat it. So I'm
sorry, you have to kind of find out about it that way. But if any of you know a better way to deliver
news like that, I'm not sure what a better way to say that. So thank you. I see all the kind words
in chat. Rest in peace. Rest in power. RIP. Rest in power. Rest in power. You should be missed.
May his memory be a blessing. Yeah. I don't know what else to say about that. So I just kind of
wanted to get all that out there up front. I know, and I'm sorry, sorry, Shane. I know I was supposed
to invite you here tonight. We have a fun discussion about Pokemon and we will. Video games
are the things that take our minds off of things when a lot of crappy things are going on in the
world. But I also have to kind of be honest that like, if I'm not acting like myself tonight,
probably in some of my strong language that I just used previously, I'm not a little bit.
This is why. I'm just not really feeling it tonight. And I think it's OK to say that
out loud sometimes. But we move on and we'll talk about. Let me first open up the floor. I don't
know if either of you want to say anything or talk about anything. Loki, Shane, or I can just move on
is fine too. Don't really have anything more to add to it, unfortunately. No, I understand. Yeah,
I don't really have anything to say except for don't forget to add Jason David Frank to that list
this week too. Thank you for bringing that up. No, that is actually absolutely important. You know,
I don't have that same connection to the Power Rangers in my childhood that I think a lot of
other people do, and I'm not minimizing or I'm not saying it. No, absolutely. I completely understand
why people are really upset about that as well. That is weighing heavy for a lot of people today.
Because Kevin Conroy too. Oh yeah, that's a big. Oh my gosh. Yeah. A few days ago. Absolutely.
You know, these are icons of our childhood that are, you know, and especially, you know,
I think it's no secret. Jason David Frank apparently was a case of suicide. And that is
a tragedy all in its own that he felt that that was the answer. And just a lot of people are
really, you know, feeling that tonight and this weekend. And so I guess maybe I'm kind of
expressing a lot of my feelings as well, because I bet a lot of you are having similar feelings this
weekend. I just want you to know, like, we're all going through it. It's okay. And I love these
comments in chat. SSG100Matt talking about Fat Ninja says, we're all family. Many of us have been
here for a while. Many of us have been here shorter. Regardless, we're all invited to the
friends giving table because of our awesome community. Thoughts are with Fat Ninja DM and
their family. Absolutely. Bobby Black Wolf says, I appreciate each and every one of you. And I'm
honored to be in the same space as you. Absolutely. Sorry. Mike Def says, don't be afraid to reach out
for help. Somebody take over, please. Yeah, it's been a rough, a long week, for sure. But, you
know, at least, at least we have like games and stuff to fall back on right now, especially when
things are difficult, you know, personal lives. I mean, certainly, all every, you know, hearing
even just like necessarily not, not friends per se, but even like, you know, the celebrity news
and stuff like that. And some of these people that aren't that old, or even that older than you is
like, geez, think about your own mortality all the time. It's just, you don't know how much time you
have, and you just hopefully spend it the best that you can, or spend the best way you can. So,
I mean, you know, I'm appreciative of all the listeners that we have and stuff. And I think,
you know, glad that he was able to spend as much time as he had with us. So, that was pretty nice.
Yeah, I don't know. I don't really have the, know what to say.
Shane, you want to talk about Pokemon? Alright, sorry about that. I'm back. Also,
not sorry. I let you know. So, but thank you for the kind words. They're actually, they're
obviously very meaningful in this moment. And I really, I understand. I'm fine. And I will be
fine. Part of me putting that out there into the universe is how I am fine. And that's what it is.
So, yeah, and thank you. Thank you again for the kind words and chat. I appreciate that.
Yes, please. Let's talk about Pokemon. I know it's an extremely awkward transition, but
it is how we take our mind off of things is with video games. And like Shane, I know like Pokemon,
this generation is something that you've been looking forward to for a very long time, right?
Like how, how long has the hype for this series been building?
Since they announced it, which went like a year ago. No, it was this year.
Was it? I guess at the beginning of this year. Yeah, yeah. It was relatively recent, right? So,
the games have arrived. First off, how many copies of Pokemon Violet and Scarlet did you pick up?
I mean, I don't have all my copies yet, but eight.
And remind us why you have to have eight copies of the game.
Okay. So, okay. So, I have the digital copies because they're just convenient. And then I
helped put a, a mom and pop game store together back in Idaho. And one of the things that they
were going to do for me was send me a copy of the, or give me a copy of the double pack.
So they've sent that to me. And then I have the UK version coming because of the double pack,
because it came with a steel book. And then I have the Japanese double pack coming because it came
with a special trading card game cards and some silverware. And I need them to play by myself. So
I don't have to play with other people. And I have five switches. So it works.
So which one did you play first?
Violet.
Violet. And how far are you in the game?
I beat it.
Oh, my gosh. Really?
I beat it today. Yeah.
Oh, wow. All right. But yeah.
So I beat the three stories and the fourth like culmination story.
Okay. Yeah. That's a good way of keeping it pretty vague. I like that. So, wow. Okay. So,
how, as a long time Pokemon fan, how was it? How are you feeling about the game now that
you've completed it? And I guess, you know, you've seen everything the game has to offer,
I guess. I mean, you don't.
No, I haven't seen everything the game has to offer. There's still like the post games.
I think you have to complete the Pokedex.
Okay. But for the most, you've seen probably more than most people at this point.
Yeah. I love it. I think it's fantastic. I would give it like a 10 out of 10 and it would be even
higher if it didn't have so many random bugs and things.
Yeah. I was going to say, having not played it, but having seen all the footage of it,
like, I think you, like, I think Pokemon fans give Nintendo's, well, not even Nintendo, but like
the Pokemon company way too many passes. Like, there is no excuse at this point for that game
to be that technically flawed. And I get it. Pokemon is a great game. And like, don't get
me wrong. I wish games like that that I like would be really great and, you know, technically
perfect Saints, bro. But I mean, yeah, at some point you got to go, listen, us continuing to
buy it in this state. It's not helping the situation. Like they're just cutting corners
and it's not because they have lack of skill developing games to the switch.
They've made three of them already or more. It's just sheer like ignorance. They're just
shipping it earlier than it needs to be done and they'll finish it later.
That's unacceptable. I don't think I'll finish it. I think, I think this is the product we're
going to get. This is it too. Yeah. Yeah. That's even worse. I, I, yeah, I like, yeah. And from my
perspective, obviously, like I, I do think the game itself is very fun. And at the end of the
day, that's what's most important, but like it would be, it would be a disservice to not call
out. Yeah. There's, there's some serious technical problems. Like I'm, I'm really reminded of the
launch of mass effect Andromeda. Like where you have just all those like really silly things that
were happening and all those like screenshots of things that are happening. And yeah, a lot of that
is, and it's not just like the one screenshot that's floating around Twitter. Like I've been
streaming the game and we keep seeing these things like these, like the weird things the camera does
when you try to go into buildings that aren't actually buildings and the whole frame rate of
people in the distance, just acting like a flip book. And so on some of this stuff, it's, it's,
it's, it's not a good look for the Nintendo switch, quite frankly. Now there's a part of me
that wonders, and maybe I'm giving Game Freak a lot of credit here, but there's a part of me
that wonders because I wondered this about RCS2, was this maybe designed for a different piece of
hardware than it actually came out on? You know, we knew, we've all heard those rumors about an
enhanced Nintendo switch that didn't end up happening. And instead we got the OLED switch
because of component shortages. And I wonder if that more high-end switch wasn't the system that
this game was really targeting, because it sure feels like I'm playing something in low settings
mode. If that's the case, then, then, then somebody, some executive needs to be at fault because
one, then you're pushing a game out that you know, can't run on the hardware,
number one, or number two, you should delete it for whenever this new system's coming out.
Because they have no problem doing that with like, say Breath of the Wild 2 or whatever we're
calling it nowadays. I don't remember the subtitle on it, but. Tears of the Kingdom, I think.
Whatever, who cares? It doesn't matter, it's Breath of the Wild 2. It's, it's unacceptable.
It's like, oh, well, we were going to have the system, like, assuming that that's what the
problem is, but like, there are other games that have come out that like No Man's Sky or even the
port of The Witcher 3 or whatever. Like there's so many very complex games that are developed by
different teams that have no trouble running on the hardware and looking as good as they are.
Look at like all the Xenosaga stuff or whatever. It's just, there's no excuses for it. Like,
I'm sorry. And it, because it's Pokemon, people are going to associate Pokemon with Nintendo,
and that's kind of a blemish on their brand. I don't care what they tell them. Oh, well,
it's a different company. I'm sorry. All the Pokemon games are on Nintendo and they're not
in any other consoles. So it's your company. I actually agree with that is that I know a lot
of people are very nuanced about Game Freak or versus Nintendo. It ultimately it's shot
for me because for me, it's honestly, it's a reflection of Nintendo's aging technology.
You know, I hate to, I hate, I hate to be one of those people that's like put Mario on PlayStation
5. But I'm like, maybe those people had a point. Like, maybe, maybe they had a point all this time.
But again, it's interesting. And I go to our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network. We have a lot of
comments. DarkSakura says always be critical of what you love. Absolutely. Mike Dev says we can
criticize the game for having these issues. But if the game does, it's best to be fun and or
entertaining game that should also be said yes, both these things can be true. I can sit here and
say Pokemon is a fun game and I'm really enjoying my time playing it. And also say but boy is it a
train wreck of of technical issues that's going on there. And Shane, it sounds like it's funny
because somebody was saying Bobby Blackwolf said it's a perfect game. And it would be better than
perfect if it didn't have technical issues. That's that's how I feel. Yeah. So well, can you articulate
that a little more? So like, obviously, you must be reading and seeing all these things about the
technical issues. And does it frustrate you kind of hearing that people are making judgment on the
game based on the technical issues alone? Or do you kind of get it or like what what is your
reaction as a as someone who does really love the game with the technical issues debate?
Oh, no, it's hard for me to say because on one hand, I, I understand that you should knock points
off for how bad it runs sometimes and all the weird glitches and things. But on the other hand,
like, the underlying game is really fun. Like, the performance issues and glitches haven't had
any sort of, like negative impact on my game, except I had one crash that set me back like,
two hours. Because I, well, I turned off auto save. So it's my own fault for not saving. All right.
Um, so I don't know, I think, I think it's a great, great game. And, you know,
if the technical issues are something that bother you that much, then maybe it shouldn't be for you,
I guess, or maybe you should knock off points. But I've enjoyed games with crappy technical
issues before it's not going to unless it impedes my fun. I'm not going to give it any weight,
really. And it just hasn't.
Questbuster and chat has an interesting point talking about Bayonetta three,
it kind of being a similar situation. You also have some criticism of Bayonetta three on its
technical merits, not bad enough to overwhelm what it does extremely well, but enough to make
some takes wish it were on better hardware. And again, for me, that is really the takeaway is I go,
this shows that Nintendo needs to update the switch sooner rather than later. Like there
needs to be a swish refresh switch refresh next year. And I understand, you know, components and
you know, lol hardware and all that stuff. Some of that can still be a bit of a challenge. I think
it is getting a little better calm down though. But you know, but this is Nintendo we're talking
about who's always challenged that department. But I feel like Nintendo has got to remedy their
hardware. But at this at the same time, money talks, Nintendo is still selling oodles and oodles,
it probably will still be the number one selling console this holiday. So so do any of these
observations and these these taught does any of it matter? Not really. Because people are still
gonna buy it. Absolutely. guarantee it. Let's see. Oh, Mike deaf says there's a backup save code
for if the game crashes x B and up on the title screen if you've even if you don't have auto save.
That's interesting.
Oh, I know that. It doesn't matter. Now I beat it.
Yeah. Um, let's talk a little bit about so you know, when I was streaming the game,
I had some viewers that were kind of like, so what really are the differences between this
and the last generation of Pokemon because, you know, the last generation sword and shield the
whole concept of the wild area and the open area was sort of new to Pokemon. But it's it's kind of
hard to articulate that like, well, Pokemon generation nine is like, really open world,
like even more so than our say us really, which our CS was was like monster hunter,
it was section zones that you would go to right wasn't open world.
So but this one is like truly open world save for maybe the big cities you go to are still kind of
Yeah, mezzagoza is a loading screen, going into the gyms are a loading screen. And then one
specific place is also a loading screen. Yeah, but for the most part, it's like super open world.
But other than that, like what are some of the key differences from the last generation of Pokemon?
Um, I really think it's the open world mostly. The what else is different, like the three story
paths, I guess is different. You're not locked to doing just one thing. In fact, I went out of order
on accident, which was pretty fun because it made the game more challenging and people
asking for a challenge, you can get to places you definitely shouldn't be with your levels and still
attempt things you probably should be doing like a lot later from the time you're there.
What else? Oh, the raid battles are so fun, because they're not turn based in the sense
where everybody picks a move. And then everybody attacks and then the enemy attacks. It's all
it's more real time. And you can support your team with like various boosts and health up
moves, even if you brought a Pokemon that kind of sucks to the raid. So that's really fun to
I've been doing a lot of those. Uh, I don't know everything. It battles feel snappier,
even though the performance sucks. So I guess that's a credit to the new generation too.
I would say the biggest one for me that you missed is the auto battling is huge. I think
that fundamentally changes the flow of the Pokemon game for me because so so you use the
R button to send out your Pokemon, your Pokemon can kind of walk around with you and your Pokemon can
pick up items. But if you use the R key, it will also fight Pokemon and do it kind of automatically
like a fast battle. And it as long as you're getting your typings correct, and you aren't
trying to throw a weak Pokemon against something that you know, it's weak to, you can really grind
some XP. It is slower than the regular battle. Yes. But at the end of the day, it kind of washes
out where like, especially since the Pokemon tend to cluster a little bit like they did in Pokemon
Legends, you know, if you got the right Pokemon to send up against one of those clusters, you can
basically do the grinding of Pokemon XP with that. And so it means that your battles are really
reduced to when you want to catch Pokemon, NPC battles and gym battles. You don't have to do
grinding battles at all. Well, no, the XP you get from the let's go battles is I know it's pretty
less but it still washes out where like the time it takes to do it used to because like you can
bang out like 10 of those faster than it would take to do one of those longer battles. If you're
where a cluster is. Maybe I would have to test.
Go try it because I seriously like you can you can do it. So to me, that's the biggest game changer
for me with this generation is the auto battling and that whole sort of thing. But then yes,
the open world otherwise is more because it's it's items are in the open world TMS are in the
open world. So now you you know, craft with those and you know that crafting systems change. They
change breeding to to be the picnic things a lot. Oh, actually, it's speaking of quality of life,
like that there are no more computer boxes. That is the boxes float with you, like the boxes are
in your bag. That's been since sword and shield. Did they have that sort of shield? I thought you
started to go to a computer to do certain things. No, well, no. So they pulled from RCS and you can
change your moves on the fly, which is great. But like if you're trying to pull out a Pokemon or put
one away, that's been in there since sword and shield. I thought you still had to do that at a
computer. I don't know why I thought that. But anyway, it does seem like it's interesting to
talk about when there's technical issues, because it does seem like there's a lot of like quality
improvements. So yeah, there are and they just came with the price, which was the performance.
Well, I would, you know, if there is a super switch or a switch deluxe next year,
it would be really fascinating to see, like if this game automatically runs better on it.
Like if this game was already I think that would be very telling if this game is already
optimized under the hood for some type of super switch or something. So be very interesting.
It is because there's people that are emulating it on the PC and it's running just fine.
Oh, I didn't know that. That's a huge tell in my opinion.
Yeah, I think I think I don't know.
Gosh, the fact that an emulator which already slows down hardware because you're emulating it.
It's very telling.
It's not so much any nowadays because it's basically
an Android device. And so I mean, it's not hard to emulate that.
Yeah, I guess.
But yeah.
Um, let's see, looking at some other comments in chat. And this is this was the one this was asked
way back. But this is definitely the definitive one about where does this gen rank amongst the
others for Shane? Well, let me ask that question. Generally, Shane, now that you've beaten this gen,
where does it rank amongst the other gens for you? Like what Gen five is still your all time
favorite, right? Where does Yeah, where does this land?
Well, I haven't like gone through and ranked it based on everything overall. But I did do my handy
starter rank thing as soon as all the like leaks came out. And Gen nine ended up being second in
terms of starters for me. So I would say probably as a whole, it's going to be up there. It's going
to be pretty high because it's it's really fun. I have a great time with it. And playing in the
open world with people is a blast to I forgot to say that I last night. Yeah. And we're just
running around doing raids and just whatever we wanted. It was really fun. Does it somehow
run worse with more people? That might be telling as to why it runs the way it does. I mean,
that's actually that's because I was like afraid to do multiplayer because I'm like, if it runs
like this now like multiplayer is gonna because you could notice it in sword and shield when
you're connected to the internet like some weird it's way different. Okay, that's that's a little
bit refreshing to hear actually. So at least it performs on that same level when it's online.
Maybe that's something they were trying to fix from last gen. I don't know. So interesting.
Another all important question from our chat. As Joe and Hunter Matt asks, Now that we know
about Shane's list of favorite Pokemon, because remember, you did that a year ago,
we did your definitive ranking. Do any of the new ones crack the top 10?
Oh, yeah, I'm sure they do. Like, I love Quaxley's line. I'm trying I don't know,
like what's considered a spoiler now that the game is out besides story like our Pokemon.
I don't think Pokemon themselves are spoilers. You could say, you know,
evolution of first form or whatever. And I think that's fair enough.
Um, putting me on the spot for this. I didn't actually prepare anything in terms of like,
my thoughts. Oh, low kicks. I love low kicks. It's the little grasshopper that looks like a common
writer. He is fantastic. He is an amazing design. Okay. Who's that fire ghost Pokemon that I picked
up on stream last night? I forgot the name or a shark shark shark shark board. I don't know what
it is. No chart cadet chart cadet. That's it. I like that one. That's a really cool one.
Carcadet evolves pretty nicely too. Can't wait to see it.
You have if you've seen any of the pre release stuff.
Probably, but I'm not going to remember that type of stuff. So all right. Anything else you want to
mention about Pokemon Gen nine before we move on with the show?
Um, I will say not that it's a big deal, but it probably happened like this in sword and shield
and I don't remember but I had not been getting any good raids in terms of star numbers until
after I beat the game. So that was a bummer. But now I'm getting four and five star raids,
so I'm happy but they're hard. This is not some like sword and shield walk in the park.
Oh, interesting. I've been the raids I've seen so far have been kind of disappointing because
they're all Pokemon I pretty much already have. I only saw one that was a new Pokemon for me,
but I'm early on like it's not fair me to don't don't don't base any opinion about the game on
that. It's still early on so but I'm like, all right, well, maybe I'll see something later.
So, but I've been streaming pretty much my entire playthrough the game and I think I'm going to
continue that I don't usually stream narrative games because I feel like they're very hard to
drop in and out of because of the story. I feel like Pokemon is different. That the story is
generally pretty similar. Yes, I and I know chain is probably ready to correct me on that with this
game. But let's be real at the end of the day, the bulk of the game is catching them all finishing
your pokey decks. And I think it's a much easier thing to drop in and out of than say Assassin's
Creed Odyssey, or Final Fantasy 15 or something where there is a story going on. And it can
sometimes be a little hard to jump into the middle of it, right. So it's made it a little easier to
stream. So I'm going to continue to stream my playthrough. I don't see why not. People have
been showing up and I've been having fun talking with the crowd. So and, you know, and laughing at
the technical glitches together, but at the same time, you know, getting really excited when I see
new Pokemon, like I love that. I love the route system being completely demolished. And yeah,
I understand that technically there are still section areas and things like that. But I,
I love just the concept of the route systems just being gone at this point. And just getting to
do I want to go to the gym? Or do I want to see if this dead end has a secret TM or a Pokemon that
I don't have yet? Or how do I make that Dunsparce respawn because it's literally the only one I've
seen, you know, and things like that. So I don't know, that part's been really fun for me. So
I, uh, I did see something on somebody's stream today, which was really cool. So you can eat those
sandwiches. That's the cooking mini game this time around. And it's basically used for boosting
different aspects of the game. And he's shiny hunting. So he boosts encounter rate. And he was
trying to find cyclists are, um, the little motorcycle lizard. And I swear it looked like
that scene from Jurassic park where they're like all the dinosaurs come running over the bend and
they have to hide under the, like the stump or the tree log. Like that's the kind of like spawn rate
that he was getting for like a good five minutes. It was ridiculous looking. Interesting. Are you
excited to shiny hunt? Yes and no, because in this game they don't sparkle when they pop up.
They don't sparkle until you actually run into them. And, uh, that makes me feel like I'm going
to miss one or I've already missed one. Um, because I might not be observant enough and the
way things spawn and despawn also is kind of janky. So like on the streamer I was watching,
he got thrown into combat. Like one of the cyclists are ran into him and everything in
the background still keeps going and a shiny spawned while he was fighting it and it ran away.
Oh no. So he did not get it. And I'm like, I don't want that to be me.
Oh, that would be so upsetting. Oh, especially to see that, you know?
Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, uh, you know, well keep us posted on your Pokemon adventures.
We want to, uh, uh, hear how the post game goes. You know, there's going to be DLC for this at
some point. There has to be, oh yeah, there will be, there will be no third version. There'll be
a DLC. There's like an area that's kind of sectioned off in the upper right part of the map.
That's just like a dotted line. People just expect it to be there and sure. Why not? I'm sure it'll
be its own little area, you know, kind of, and that's kind of how it was in, um, sword and
shield. The DLC were kind of like new wild areas of their own. So yeah. Yeah. I'm sure it'll be
like that. All right. Are you gonna stay with us and talk about the rest of the news this week?
Um, maybe for a little bit. Yeah. All right. Sounds good. Just let me know when you got to go.
Uh, actually let's quickly talk. Cause I, I kind of skipped by it because of the other things that
were on my mind, but, um, you know, it is 20 November today, which is a bit of a, um, you know,
beep matching, beep meaning a holiday of sorts. Um, you know, and this is what really the 20th
year of doing this show. And it's, it's nice that 20 November kind of falls on a Sunday.
Um, you know, when I was, I was talking about this a little bit on, on Mastodon today. Cause
that's, that's the new thing. Although I understand social media split now. Like there's
people that went to hive. There's people who went to co-hosts. There's people who went to Mastodon,
like nothing's really like stuck yet. Um, for me, I, I still think a lot of the terminology and the
concept of Mastodon is a little difficult, but like, once you kind of get it, you start to like,
for me anyway, you start to really appreciate that like Mastodon is like built in a way where
nobody can ever single-handedly own it. It is truly something that belongs to the internet,
um, for better or for worse. It could be interesting if some bad actors get in there.
Uh, it'd be interesting to see how they can like respond to that. But I think again,
it'll be community-based solutions and that could be very interesting. Anyway, I digress.
Um, I was talking, um, a little bit on, on Mastodon today, um,
um, about the fact that, you know, it's, it's 20 November and like, you know, looking back on some
of those memories of playing DDR and that sort of thing at the arcade can sort of, uh, sort of
bring a smile, uh, when there's a lot of other crap going on in the world. Um, Shane, I know you
actually worked at Konami for a while during, uh, some of the better years of DDR and you helped
create some stuff on the Xbox games and so forth. Do you have a particular, since it is 20 November,
do you have a particular fond memory from those times? I know I'm putting you on the spot a
little bit, but do you have a, since, since, you know, there's, there's no more NDA's or
anything like that. Do you have a particular fond memory of that time to share with our audience?
I'm sure I've shared it before, but one of my favorite memories was when,
uh, now he came to this, to, uh, work and we took a picture with him outside and in front
of the building and I was wearing a Santa hat and he said, uh, he pointed at it and said Christmas
and it just was funny. Like, it's just a neat little anecdote.
No, I love it. I love it. Uh, let's see, going in chat. Um,
uh, the sparkle is Mike, Mike deaf talking about shiny says the sparkle and sound only appears when
you actually go into battle with it. Shane will probably understand this, but that's what we call
a coopsie. Yeah, I understand that, but what I don't, what is that? It's a streamer reference.
Okay. All right. Uh, Mike Deft also says, but money day and Mexican revolution day. I have
tomorrow off. Yay. Uh, dark says, if there's one thing I'll miss about Twitter, it's seeing the
Japanese community still celebrating today. Yeah. I understand Twitter is still kind of popular in
Japan and it probably let a lot of this news probably lands a lot different, uh, when you,
you know, you're speaking a different primary language in a different country. It probably,
a lot of these other, you know, bought machines that are looking for English words and English
things to hate on. It probably doesn't land all the same in Japan. I would imagine. So, um,
I'm glad they're still having a good time over there, I guess. Um, but yeah, thank you for the
comments over twitch.tv slash bog network. All right. Let's talk about our gaming weeks. I know
we've kind of been talking about Pokemon, but I'm sure there's other games we've been playing too.
So let's talk about your gaming week and the types of video games that you've been playing
this week. Um, Loki, I'll start with you. How was your gaming week? I played games. I actually
played things, not just Minecraft. So, um, go simulator three, obviously, which is in my
background right now. So I played about eight hours of that, uh, because it's awesome. It's
just kind of a nice game to shut your mind off and just play it. Um, it's kind of a collectathon
type thing. And it's like a more polished version of the original goat simulator. I
definitely looking forward to when it eventually hits steam and there's mod support added because
right now it's on Epic game store and you know, there's something there. Um, but yeah, it's also,
um, as I play the game, getting more and more glitched out, which I think is on by design,
there's a, um, you get different like cosmetic pieces that you can equip on your goat that
do different things. And they kind of had that in the first game. It was more, um, it was less
of like an actual cosmetic in the first game and more of like, this is just the rocket goat. This
is a go, the double jumps or stuff like that. Um, so now they have one that you can, I guess,
make the player heads of like the different, um, people walking around expand and there's no limit
to it. And that's funny, but now my NPC spawn of heads that are like enormous that I can't
see around sometimes. I don't know why it started spawning them with larger heads outside of the
ones I gave larger heads, but it just keeps doing it. So that's kind of funny. Um, and it's silly.
There's a bunch of weird, uh, references in the game. There is a silent Hill PT reference.
There's a part that you go into that you do PT basically. Um, which is kind of funny. There is
a Wolfenstein 3d reference, which is great. There is a counter-strike, um, reference in there as
well. Um, at the beginning of the game, the very, very beginning is a Skyrim reference. I mean,
there's a lot of like pop culture and like ridiculous references in there. Um, so it is,
it's a lot of fun. I've had a lot of fun with it and I think it's on sale there for like 20 bucks
too. Um, I, I picked it up for like 40 or whatever, but. You know, I mean, if you want it on a console
and stuff, black Friday, it's going to be like half price. So it's certainly worth it for that
much. Plus it's also co-op and that's fun. I played co-op with my son. Um, and then aside
from that, I played step mania. I started playing on my cabinet again. Um, and so that's fun. I
don't know how I didn't know. I mean, I knew it had the mode. I just didn't know how to access it
on nonstop mode and set mania. And so I was doing that to try to get through some exercise and stuff.
And then of course, as step mania does or even DDR, it's like, oh, it's three regular songs
and then a really hard song. That's way too challenging even on like just the medium
difficulty. And so that's, you know, that was my life there. Um, but I'm having fun with that as
well. And it was weird though. Like, yeah, I mentioned it on Twitter a while back that the
cabinet like wasn't working one day, like it kept crashing for some reason. I don't know why.
I never did figure out why, but it works now. So cool. Let's hope it stays that way. Um,
and then of course, Minecraft, I, like I said, I always spun up a, uh, kind of a modded server.
So it's using the crate mod, which has lots of gears and different like steampunky things. Um,
along with some other mods thrown in there's like bio mods and whatnot that had different biomes in
the game. Uh, one of the things I try to model it after final fantasy six. So there's magic tech
armor in there because someone made a magic tech armor, a mod because it's fun and giant parrots
that you can ride that are kind of like chocobos. So it's in there as well. So this is going to be
kind of separate from my normal like YouTube series stuff that I'm doing. It's more of like
kind of a more relaxed, taking a break, um, stream series, or I may make YouTube videos out
as well, assuming that OBS wants to actually record my video game play. That'd be fun.
Um, but yeah, it was fun. I tried that a little bit today. Uh, one of my other fellow channel
64 members, people are joining me for a little bit as well. And he was just kind of hanging out
and just doing that. So yeah, I'm looking forward to playing that a lot more. A lot of my content
creator folks that I watch doing Minecraft are I've started, you know, create series here and
there, and it looks like a lot of fun and I'm always jealous. I don't get to play it. So now
nice. All right. Uh, Jamie is passing along her gaming week through our chat right now. Uh,
dark soccer has in chat saying I played Minecraft on a steam deck.
I'll be curious to hear more, uh, impressions on the steam deck, uh, when you get back. Uh,
and also that's it. Dark soccer was playing Minecraft. We're gonna have a collab in the
future. We'll see, uh, dead by daylight, of course, cold to the lamb and crazy taxi on
iPad OS. So awesome. Um, Shane, what about you? I know we've talked a lot about Pokemon
and obviously you played plenty of that this weekend, but what else have you been playing
this week? Pokemon didn't come out till Thursday night. So what else?
This final fantasy 14 doing raid group stuff. That's literally it.
How's the latest content in that game for you? Uh, it's kind of a dry spell already.
I'm already done with what I can. And then the rest is just trying to get farther in the raid.
And we've been having issues keeping our roster full. So we haven't really made much progress.
Yeah. I'm kind of hit a dry, dry spell with 14 myself. So, um, yeah, it's, it is what it is.
Uh, there'll be, it's interesting because this time a wow expansion is coming out and they're,
they're really trying to move. Oh, wait. Oh, I did try that. Um,
cause somebody gifted me the new game. Oh yeah. And it was fun making a dragon.
Like that part was pretty neat. And then it played like, wow, that's the rest of that.
Well, I heard this weekend, they did like a returning player thing where like,
if you ever had an active account, you could play this weekend. But why would they do that
this weekend when Pokemon nine came out? Like, why would they do that? I don't know.
I would, I honestly, I I'm if, if Pokemon was not a thing this weekend, I would have gone and
checked that out. Why not? Um, but, uh, oops, this was not the weekend to do that. So maybe I'll,
I'll pay attention and try to do it next time. We'll see. So, um, for my gaming week, obviously
I played a lot of Pokemon this weekend. I was out of town for a few days, so I didn't do a lot,
a lot of gaming then save for, you know, my trip I talked or my little tour I talked about,
which again, I will do, I'll do a better job of explaining that and give you some photos and
stuff next week for those that are here live, obviously in the podcast feed, uh, I'll explain
it a little better, um, for those watching. But again, uh, you know, obviously a lot happened
today and, and I won't, I won't recover the ground, but that's why I'm not doing that tonight.
Um, so, uh, but as far as like other games that I played, I did, interestingly enough,
I fired up, uh, on Xbox game pass kind of a game I'd played before, but the 1.0 version came out
of vampire survivors with like achievements and stuff. And so I was like, Oh, I want to see kind
of like where this game sort of ended up. And it wasn't drastically different from what I
remember before, but it's still very addicting. Um, if you haven't played vampire survivors,
it's pretty cheap and it's on game pass. If you're a game pass person, uh, on PC. And I
think it's going to be on Xbox very soon. If it's not already, I know that was some big news is that
it's coming to the Xbox console at some point. And it is a very addicting little game. Uh, it's,
they call it a rogue-like, but I don't know. It played like, I feel like the survivor thing is
now its own kind of genre because there are a million knockoffs of this game. But now I feel
like some of the knockoff games are starting to gain almost more steam than vampire survivors.
There's one, I was watching a friend play on Twitch. I think soul survivors. It is,
which is the same concept basically, but like, you know, crisper graphics and kind of like some
different things going on there. And now I'm like, Oh, I kind of want to check that game out. That's
an early access right now. So, uh, yeah, it was, I was having fun playing some vampire survivors.
I've also been playing a little bit of dead by daylight, but I'm going to be honest. I'm,
I'm not as like, I kind of feel like that game's really at a low point right now, but just in time,
they're releasing a new killer and survivor on Tuesday. So that'll be nice. The game really
needs that. But what the game really needs is some of the rebalancing that they were testing.
Like, you know, I don't want to get too into the weeds, but they were talking about adding this
mechanic called, um, uh, basically unbreakable base kit. So one of the talents unbreakable
being base kit for most survivors, uh, for all survivors, but like not exactly the same way
that the talent works, but being able to pick yourself up off the ground so that killers can't
just like leave you there. Uh, that would be, that's something the game really needs right
now. Cause there's just a lot of killers that are just playing desperate and I get that the
goal is to win and so forth, but yeah, it would be nice to have some, some more mechanics in the
game to even up the tables a little bit, so to speak. So I just think dead by daylight just
needs a little bit of a floof right now. So, uh, I'm hoping to get, see, see that. So, um,
um, yeah, dark soccer says Nick was on that. Yeah. I think he's who I was watching for a
little bit playing that it looks really, uh, looks really, really cool. So I need to check
that game out, but Pokemon happens. So that's kind of at the front of my gaming menu, uh,
for the foreseeable future. I I'll probably stick with it till I beat it, which is more than I can
say for most Pokemon games, except what, fuck even sword and shield. I didn't beat for a year.
Remember that like it first came out and I was like, eh, and then like, I tried it again and I
just kind of went in with a different mindset and it clicked for me the second time. And I,
I played all the way to the end. So I think this one though, I'll stick with until I beat it,
unless there's like a really annoying thing. I can't get past. Do you think, uh, Shane,
do you think there's going to be anything in this game where I'm going to get annoyed and want to
quit? Uh, only the graphical glitches. I mean, I don't know if that's going to really bother you
otherwise, as long as you realize you might not be going to a gym or a Titan or whatever, that
is the right level. And you might need to research where to go. Um, then you'll be fine.
How do you search where to go? Like, are you just talking about the internet or are you talking
about the internet? Okay. I thought maybe in game there was hints. Uh, there are somewhat hints,
uh, in the descriptions of each place, like this is like the medium difficulty sort of thing,
but then you have to infer, well, how far up is the medium difficulty versus the one that says
it's the lowest difficulty and what's in between those. Um, but honestly, if you just will explore
a little bit, you will be fine. It's, it's not that bad though. Again, going out of order was
rough for me. And, uh, I was surprised how difficult some of those fights got because I
went out of order. Okay. Interesting. Yeah. I, I usually tend to like try to out level, you know,
like grind the Pokemon and really out level the battles. But one thing I noticed about the badges
is that they're not like level 20, 30, 40, 50 anymore. It's 20, 25, 30. I'm assuming 35. So
they're in increments of five levels and I'm kind of like, okay, well I could see how, so I just
beat the second gym so I can, uh, get up to level 25, I think to a baby, no level 30. Now I don't
even know. I have to research this, but the wording they use seems different than normal.
It sounds like Pokemon that you catch in the wild, uh, up to that level will obey you. But if you,
if they were like Pokemon you already had and they go above that level, I think they'll still obey
you regardless. Oh, interesting. Okay. Well that's good. But still it is, it is some kind of like,
that's the only thing where I'm like, okay, I feel like I need to do that because I could see how
like I end up in a gym and the Pokemon at the gym are level 45 and I can't even train my Pokemon
that high. Like that's a telltale sign that I'm at the wrong place. Right. So yeah. Um, we'll see.
I'm sure I'll be fine. Uh, okay. Uh, that's it for our gaming weeks. So let us move on. Let's
get into some of the gaming news that happened around the industry this week. So Loki, I will
start with you. Yep. Um, so we had some news regarding, um, gearbox and some of the acquisitions
that they're making. So this was interesting. The first one, of course, that caught my attention was
that, uh, volition has moved from deep silver to gearbox. How quickly deep silver purchase volition
and is that, nah, we don't want that anymore. Um, so now they're going to be a subsidiary of
gearbox. Um, I hope that means better games for sure. Uh, well, how is that going to mean better
games? Do you think that means that there'll be given the space and time to do it? Or what do you,
what do you think went wrong that maybe this can correct? They need to replace the team that makes
the game. Honestly, they just need to gut volition and just have gearbox put out saints for a game.
So, I mean, to be honest, like they're, they're so confident in their inability to do things. Like,
it's just, I think, I don't know if there's much to be saved at this point from them. I'm sure
that there's developers that are pretty nice. I don't know what they need. Cause that game was
delayed a few times and it still ended up like hot garbage. So it's not time it's talent. I think,
management usually tends to be the management. Yeah. I mean, uh,
I'm sure there's plenty of talented artists, et cetera, that are not the problem for sure.
I hope writing, I know gearbox, like, especially with like some of the borderlands games,
those have pretty decent stories in them. Although the last, the three wasn't as strong as like two,
but it's still miles above what, uh, saints row was. So like, maybe they can share some
other writing staff or something would be nice. Uh, technically the borderlands games are well
put together versus what we have in, um, saints row. So I think at the very least sharing the
resources or sharing development teams or something like that could only help. I mean,
it's only, they can only, I can't say they only can go up from here because they could go,
they could become worse, but, um, I'm hoping that under a new direction that it will end up working
out better for them. So I hope to see something from that. Um, also they have announced that
gearbox studio Shanghai is going to be coming. And so it was formerly Eidos Shanghai, but now
it's going to represent gearbox entertainment. And, um, so that's pretty cool. I'm not sure
exactly what they're going to be working on right now, but, uh, producing more content from,
you know, the area they said, uh, China is a hotbed of industry talent and I'm confident
that gearbox studio Shanghai will be instrumental in our vision for international growth here at
gearbox. So cool. Um, and then, uh, last but not least, they've also acquired the risk of rain
of franchise. So that's a pretty awesome roguelike game. And, um, so now they have that under their
belt as well with, um, Papu Papu games. It'll be interesting to see what they kind of use all
this to make in the coming, in the, in the future, you know, cause I'm sure they'll take some of the
talent with the saints row and maybe shuffle it up and put it on some other games. It'll be
interesting. Yeah. I mean, kind of seeing like what risk of rain, if I was to combine risk of
rain and volition together, it, I mean, that basically gets me, um, oh gosh, I want to say
red faction. I don't remember if that was their, their game, their Mars, like game that was kind of
like that. I don't remember if that was the name of it or not, but, um, yeah. I mean, cool. I'm
excited. Let's see what they come up with. It's funny you say red faction because that is in
chat. Hi, is that good to see you. And is that is reminding me of something else that I played
this weekend that I completely forgot to talk about what wasn't this weekend, but like literally
like all week. So, um, but it's because I always play these games. So it's, it's like Loki and
Minecraft. It's, it's me and Ingress and Pokemon go and all this stuff. So there was a big live
event in Ingress in LA and I wasn't able to go because I was in Seattle at the same time,
but long story short, what happened after the event is that they introduced a new mechanic
into the game that there's a lot of mystery about. And it's this always rumored third faction got
introduced into the game. And no, it's not something that players could just switch to.
If you don't know the basics of Ingress, which was the game that Niantic made before Pokemon go,
which is where a lot of your Poke stops and gyms came from, uh, it's a much more player versus
player type of game where you pick either the enlightened or the resistance green team or blue
team, basically. And for years and years and years, there's been rumors about a red faction
and people that I think, I think they just don't like their own team and they don't like the other
team. So I think there's a lot of people that are wanting a third place to go. Um, which guess what
that third team would suffer from all the same problems. So, you know, it is what it is, but
it's interesting because, uh, once the event in LA was over a portal at Dodger Stadium nearby,
which was inaccessible, you couldn't get in there because Dodger Stadium is closed,
unless there's something going on, a portal in there went red. And so it made a lot of
questions like what's going on. And so now a red faction has shown up into the game. It is
basically an NPC faction is what we know at this time. The interesting thing is a few of these
portals went live around the time. The inaccessible one at the Dodger Stadium went live. One of the
other portals happened to show up at the Space Needle. And guess where I was at a hotel two
blocks away from the Space Needle. So when I heard that this was going on, I actually ended up being
one of the first players. I actually recorded video and had to send it. Well, I didn't have to,
but I sent it to people that were on my team that were trying to investigate what the hell is going
on. Because not only was the Space Needle a red portal, but it was starting to link
and create other red portals. And so it was the first time I think the Space Needle was the first
portal that actually started linking to other portals. So I was like, and how often in your
life are you going to say this? Alan, I got to be right back. I need to go and blow up the Space
Needle in a game, in a game, in a game. So I did. I went and I pew pew pew laser beams in my video
game, the Space Needle and the surrounding portals and, you know, sent off the video and
all that stuff. And that was, that was kind of neat to do that. Yeah. As that said, he ran to
get it in the middle of the night. It was, it was like 10 o'clock at night over there when that
happened. So yeah, all we know is that there is a third faction in the game. Makina is the name of
it, because now there's a stat that tracks it. There has been teased for a little while. And one
of the creative minds with Ingress did an interview with GameSpot, I think it was. This is actually the
10th anniversary of Ingress, believe it or not. So the game's been out for 10 years. I mean,
Pokemon Go has been out for six. So it's probably not too surprising that Ingress has been out for
10 years. And they've actually been talking about that a PvE element is something they're looking
to add to the game. And so I think this red faction is the PvE element. How it really is
going to work, we still don't know. There's a lot of question marks about it. But there is another
live event in Japan in December 10. And that is the culmination of the current series. So it's
expected we're going to know a lot more about what's going on once the Japanese event is over
on December 10. So anyway, just a quick aside. A little weird. I don't know how they're going
to implement that because that's just like, Oh, hey, I'm feeling Oh, and it this NPC thing
knocked out. Well, that Well, here's the interesting thing. So far anyway, the NPC is
only taking over neutral portals. It isn't attacking other player portals. But because
it is linking, it is able to block other links. And the red faction has been observed, they do
not observe the rule of being able to throw links over existing links. So this has a lot of fielders
very nervous, because the red faction can fuck up. Well, yeah, yeah. But so far, I think, you know,
a lot of the massive fielding happened usually happens in really rural areas. And it doesn't
seem like the red faction can link very far. Again, there's a lot of details we just don't
know. This element in the game is like it's one of those things that Ingress does. It's a mystery.
It's up to the player base to figure it out and investigate. And that's why I had to take a video
of what it looks like when you attack the portals. And because this was the first time it was learned
about how linked behavior would work. And one thing we learned from this is that because there
was a red portal that was linked to the space needle that I didn't go kill because it was a few
blocks away. And I was like, it's cold, I'm not walking all the way over there. That portal ended
up disintegrating on its own. So that was something that that experiment kind of learned is that
if the portal doesn't stay linked to the nerve center, it might decay and pass away on its own.
So this is it's a weird thing. So anyway, yeah, I don't want to get too into the weeds of Ingress
because I know not everyone plays it. But I don't think it's going to mess with the massive fields
and the teamwork type of thing. But it is going to be very interesting to see how this takes over
rural areas because it's happening right now. Nearby for us, Lodi, you know, the town of Lodi,
right? It's a more rural area. There's really nobody that plays regularly in Lodi. Well, guess
what? There is huge red faction activity out in Lodi Lake right now, which is a walking trail down
there. And I can't really go down there easily because it gets dark at 430 now and the lake
closes at dark and I have to work. So it's like, it's, yeah, it's interesting to see what happens.
But the other interesting thing, look at Moscow. Ironically, Ingress is unplayable in Russia right
now. Niantic shut the game down in Russia when a lot of other companies shut down their services
in Russia because of what's going on in Ukraine. So if you actually look at the map in Moscow right
now, it is very, very red, which I know, insert your own, you know, red jokes about Russia. But
like the reality is, as far as the game mechanic goes, it's interesting to see what happens when
literally nobody can do anything about it. I'm not sure if the developers thought that one through.
But we'll see. We'll see what they will see. We'll see where the story goes. I don't know.
Breaking entertainment news. Oh, good or bad. It's not even very video game related.
Bob Chapek is out of Disney. He got replaced just tonight with Bob Iger again.
Let's celebrate. Let's celebrate good times. Come on. Because you know what?
Disneyland is a fucking disaster right now. So as that and that's probably the reason why he
got the axe. And to that I say good fucking riddance. Goodbye. I mean, lol at Bob Iger coming back
again. But I mean, it can't be any worse. So that is interesting. Entertainment news. Thank you for
sharing that. Interesting. Tiger Claw just dropped the link in chat. So yeah, other comments in chat.
Let's see. DJ Roma SS. Oh shit. Dark soccer says Oh, Mike Deaf says for the freaking best. Yep.
Pretty much. Pretty much. All right. Thank you. Thank you for the late breaking news.
You're welcome. That you know, even though Disney doesn't super get involved with video games
anymore, they don't have an in house development studio. There has been that talk about how they're
willing to license out IPS and for things that aren't just Kingdom Hearts. So it'll be interesting
to see how that attitude maybe evolves or doesn't under back under Bob Iger, I guess so. All right.
Moving on. This is very interesting what's happened here. Yuji Naka, you know that name,
right? He co created legendary franchise Sonic, legendary franchise Balan Wonder World,
I was gonna say Sonic and less legendary. Far more legendary. Wait, are you a fan of Balan
Wonder World? No, I think it's a terrible game. But it's like, it's infamous and how bad it is.
So I think it's like the show. It's more known than Yeah, it's the what the show girls. It's
so bad. Like it has a reputation. I've never seen that still. Really, you should you should change
that someday. No, you won't like it. I already know you. You don't appreciate bad movies. Like,
is there you say is it's a bad movie, but you enjoy it. There's like a lot of 80s movies that
are bad that I enjoy. I feel like, like horror, like I wouldn't say those. I will I wouldn't say
like better off dead is a great movie, but I love it. But it's just it's it's 80s cheese.
What about a similar sounding but very different movie drop dead Fred? That was an 80s movie that
is my cousin's terrible. I never I never watched it. I just know the chick from Gremlins is in it.
All right. Oh, dark soccer says that was 90s. It must have been that kind of late 80s early 90s
period that tech is technically Paula Abdul. I think forever your girl was 1990 album,
but a lot of people associate her the 80s. So it's that it's that kind of like that in between
period. So anyway, maybe an 89 album. Anyway, but back to Yuji Naka, who did co create Sonic,
which obviously Sonic had its own huge game recently. I actually was curious to check it out
Sonic frontiers. I it's just it released at a bad time because I'm really all about Pokemon now.
But I'll be curious, especially if it goes on sale, to pick up Sonic frontiers. I'm curious
enough. Oh, I saw it place already had it on sale. I think for like 40 as like, that's not a good
sign. But I think it was also just a random sale. So I didn't really read anything. Well,
I'll be curious what happens with Black Friday, because you know, some of the gaming sales are
already starting for Black Friday. And like Gotham Knights is on the PlayStation Black Friday sale
that game just fucking came out. So I'm curious what else that's so recent, we'll start to get
discounted already. It'll be interesting. Seriously, don't buy any new games until Friday,
if you can stand it don't except for Pokemon. Well, yeah. Well, Nintendo games never go on
sale. So that is the exception. All right. Anyway, and yes, game free games are Nintendo games,
as far as I'm concerned. All right. Back to Yuji Naka. What happened to Yuji Naka? Well,
you can read it on the sidebar there for those on the podcast feed. Apparently he's been arrested.
And this has to go with ongoing Square Enix insider trading investigation. Also arrested
from Square Enix employees Taisuke Suzuki and Fumiaki Suzuki. Apparently they acquired stock
in the game development company Square Enix, aiming prior to the announcement of the Dragon
Quest title on mobile Dragon Quest tacked. So this has to do with maybe potentially allegedly
having advanced knowledge of a Dragon Quest mobile game. And you know that if you have
insider secrets about what a company is doing, it's illegal to be traded. This is what Martha
Stewart went to jail for. Long story short. So this is allegedly what's happening. Allegedly
Suzuki and Suzuki purchased 47 million yen that's about $300,000 in the developer aiming who is
making the game for Square Enix. Yuji Naka apparently purchased 10,000 shares of aiming
stock for about $20,000 before the same announcement. In a statement Square Enix has said,
we deeply regret the great concern this has caused to all concerned. We have dealt with
this incident strictly including internal disciplinary actions taken against the suspected
employees. Well, Yuji Naka left Square Enix a long time ago. So I'm assuming that statement
is about the other two. But Yuji Naka ironically also in a lawsuit case with Square Enix right now
because he was removed from the game about half a year before the release. And you might remember
he's trying to fault all the problems with that game on him getting fired and basically not being
able to fix the problems in Square Enix releasing the game anyway. So interesting story. Tiger
Kalan Chat says the news about Yuji Naka being arrested was wild news for the Sonic community.
Well, yeah. Imagine if Miyamoto got arrested tomorrow. You know, like, Nintendo fans would
be like, the fuck? Like that's that's what it is to Sonic in many ways. So it's it's this is a big
deal, especially for folks in that fandom. Is it going to change the future of the franchise?
Not really. I think Yuji Naka was already pretty disconnected from things. It takes team upon
teams upon teams of people to build these games at this point. But it's it's weird. You know,
and it sucks to see the people that you idolize allegedly participating in in crappy things. But
you know, anyway. All right. Yeah, Dr. Sia says I was WTF when I heard this one. Yeah, for sure.
It's it is. It's wild news. Wild news. All right. Moving on. Loki, what do you have for us?
Yeah, so remember, we heard rumors for quite a while that they were going to be doing an Xbox
Game Pass streaming box. And kind of, you know, I think even people saw it in the back of it. Was
it that I remember Phil Spencer? Phil Spencer? Yes. He always hides stuff or allegedly hide stuff
in his office. He does it. He's been caught doing it. Anyways, so yeah, they were going to do
something like that. But unfortunately, it became too cost prohibitive. They said that their Xbox
Keystone was starting to get close in price to the Xbox Series S. And at that point, it's like,
why even bother, you know, because you would be cutting into your own sales at that point.
They wanted to announce that they, you know, basically said that it had to be something
around like 129 or 99 somewhere in that ballpark to make sense. But it was starting to get closer
to, you know, 200, $300. So at that point, it's just like, you know, they can't do it. But
it's fine. I guess you buy a Series X or Series S then or something else. I mean,
it helps sell the system for sure. And that's what E3VL in chat says. So a
downgraded Series S, I mean, in some way, I mean, you still have to have access to the internet in
the cloud. So it's not even a device that would work everywhere. But ironically, it's the kind
of thing I could see being a really good device, you know, like in Japan, where there is a lot more
cloud gaming, you see the streaming games on the switch and things like that. So it could have been
very interesting for that. But it's also like something to like when, like the same thing that
happened with, you know, the stadia or something like that, where you have this device for the
service, and then what happens when that service goes away? And sincerely, you know, you've got
doorstop there. So it's almost like, you know, with the S or something like that, it would make
more sense, because the release there, you could, you know, make purchases and stuff like that,
I don't know, they could be, it wouldn't really make sense for them to have that unless they
could get the price to point where it's like one of those Roku streaming sticks or something like
that, you know, we can get the hardware down to that. But it's just not possible.
By the way, speaking of cloud based gaming, and I can't wait until she's back to talk to her about
this. But remember, we had a we had an in depth conversation with dark soccer when the news about
stadia came out, right. So those stadia refunds are going out right now. And dark soccer in chat
right now says, I got 3500 I got my stadia refund. Oh, well, right. I knew that's like tax return
money. I know that's that. But it's that's, I mean, look, look, no one has any room to judge,
we all spend a lot of money on video games. That's, that's not what it's about. But it's like
getting that much money back. And the fact that Google actually refunded that much, and like
didn't have a cap is actually kind of like, wow. Like dark soccer's last two years of gaming,
Google has now paid her has been re she's been reimbursed for like the last two years of her
gaming career from Google PlayStation five money right there. Right. That's right. I feel like with
3500. Like, you can build your own cloud machine. I mean, yeah, good. That's like eight Nintendo
switches. Yeah. Oh, yeah. And you know something about that. Imagine if Nintendo refunded switch
money. Ironically, that's how many switches it take the run Pokemon. Yeah, pretty much.
Um, and dark dark soccer says I keep all my DLC on DVD. Yeah, that's that literally dark soccer's
last two years of gaming has been paid for. And if a lot of us added up what we spent on games
over the last two years, keep in mind dark soccer was all in on stadia. So if you're sitting here
going that is a lot of money. Well, why don't you add up you if you buy one game every month,
you spent $600 in a month, that's no DLC or it's one game every month, you spending $1200 in two
years. So essentially, she got all the DLC for free, though. Yep. Yeah, she nice. Google has
comped her gaming for the past two years. See, this is what it feels like to get big. This is
this is what it feels like to be one of those big name streamers. For you. You take that 3500 and
spend it on lotto tickets. Just kidding. Don't do that would not be good. She would never do that.
All right. Anyway, let's move on. And let's talk about Oh, the game awards are on their way. It's
that time of year. The game awards are always one of those things. I feel like they don't leave a
lot of weeks to hype the game awards. Like the nominees get announced and then like, two three
weeks later, the awards happen. And I think that's what it is because the awards are what they're on
December 7. So it's only like a three week gap between the announcement of the nominees and the
actual ceremony. So you can vote on the official website. You can also vote on discord. That's a
really clever way to get them to to get you to get in because they know a lot of people are using
discord now. It's not just like Twitter going to hell and things like this. It's you know,
discord is really, really gaining amongst gamers. I think that's a very clever thing to do. But
remember, read the fine print with the game awards. There's a very good reason they don't let the
community have the sole voice on these awards. Because the community would pick wrong every time
I guarantee I guarantee like, and you might you might be like, that's an awfully mean and short
vision thing. No, it's not. Case in point. Look at what the eccentric asshole just did on Twitter.
Bots will ruin everything because some gaming fans with a one track mind are real pieces of work.
So we should be thankful that the fan vote is limited to 10%. And the rest of now that so the
fan vote can kind of break a tie. But most of it is being done by a panel adjourn a jury vote and
things like that of experts. So anyway, the nominees were announced. Here are the nominees
for Game of the Year. A Plague Tale Requiem. Elden Dring. God of War Ragnarok. Horizon Forbidden West.
Stray. And Xenoblade Chronicles 3. I think Elden Ring has that. That's what it should be,
in my opinion. I think God of War Ragnarok is going to take it. And I know there's some
controversy behind that. I just feel like the reception I've seen to that game, it got more
nominees than any other game. It actually was nominated more times than Elden Ring.
I just have this funny feel but it is it is absolutely between those two.
It's it's none of those other games have a chance. Sorry. But it is absolutely between those two.
I would say that. So, um, but interesting. I mean, you know, it's also kind of what if to me that
makes it an interesting year because I'm kind of like, there's no surprise indie darling title
that kind of gets in there that actually has a chance. No, that actually has a chance is the
rest of my sentence. Yes, Stray got nominated. That's great. But it's not gonna win.
It's not worth. No, it's a good game. But it's not game of the year material. Yeah. And to me,
to me, Xenoblade Chronicles 3 is kind of the surprise in there. Not bad. I'm just saying
there's always a Nintendo title in there. I'm just a little bit like, oh, I'm actually surprised
that game is getting the recognition because usually those games don't and so I'm kind of I'm
pleasantly surprised at that one. No, I haven't played it myself. So I have no horse in that race
or I can say that was a good decision. That was a bad decision. Just generally the Xenoblade games
in general. I'm just kind of like, oh, that's interesting that that one got put in there amongst
the other games as like the Nintendo option this year. It is interesting to me. It's interesting
that Pokemon Legends, and you'll notice I'm saying that and not Pokemon 9. It's interesting
that Pokemon Legends was not the game that got in there as game of the year to me. Or didn't
Splatoon come out this year too? Yeah, but I don't I don't think Splatoon 3 was. I think that was
nominated in other categories. I'll have to look at the list. But I don't think it was going to be
game of the year. It was to the average jurist. They're going to look at it and say it's too
derivative of part two to necessitate a nomination. And yes, I already know what you're
thinking. God of War Ragnarok is just a sequel to it. It's different. I can't explain it.
Look at the Oscars. It's a very similar type of thing. But Shane, I'm curious your thoughts about
like Pokemon Legends or Pokemon 9 not being in the running there as the supreme Pokemon fan here
at VOG Network. Well, Scarlet and Violet I don't think came out during like this specific period
that the games have to be released in. So not that I would think it would go on there anyway
just because of how these awards work. But also I don't think Legends made it because it's not
a lot of people consider it like a side game even though it's considered a mainline game.
And I don't think they would give any time of day to a side game for a game of the year nomination.
Plus, you know, it's I would say it's not as it doesn't have the same broad appeal that these
other games do. Like it's not, it's it's sold really well. It still sells really well. But
it's not your God of Wars. It's not like the short time that Elden Ring has been out. It's
it doesn't have that same sort of buzz. It's for one specific group of people where the other games
reach different groups. I will say Pokemon Legends did get nominated in the best role playing
category. Now Elden Ring is also in that category. So it's a done deal. But yeah, what I think is
interesting about that category, not just the Legends nomination, but also in role playing,
a live alive is nominated this year. Oh, random. It is like, is it just is it just there because
we finally got it over here? Well, that's the only reason because it has to be that's a great
question to be honest. And that's why I'm kind of like, oh, that's interesting. But I think it also
really bodes well for the Square Enix wanting to go back and redo old, you know, potentially
Enix properties as well as Square Super Nintendo games. I think this all but cements we're going
to see another one. So, you know, just just how well this has been received by the public I think
is this is really a sign of. So that's very interesting. Some of the other categories that
are always interesting to me are things like the best ongoing game because these are games that
are already out. But the award acknowledges that this is still, you know, a game that's doing,
you know, very well for the community. Apex Legends, Destiny 2, who I feel like is nominated
every year. Final Fantasy 14, I also feel like it's nominated every year, rightfully so. Fortnite,
completely unsurprising to be quite honest. Genshin Impact, I kind of think Genshin's the
the dark horse in that race. My heart is with Final Fantasy 14, of course, but I feel like
I feel like an Apex or a Genshin Impact kind of sneaks in there this year and grabs that award,
but we'll see. We'll see. Best Performance is also worth noting. I like that they call it
Best Performance because as we've been learning more and more in the gaming industry, it's not
just voice acting. It's also mocap for a lot of games now. Ashley Birch from Horizon Forbidden
West, Sharlik McBurney from A Plague Tale Requiem, Christopher Judge from God of War Ragnarok,
Sunny Soljek also from God of War Ragnarok, and Man and Gage also, or excuse me, from Immortality
are the nominees in that category this year. It's interesting they don't split it into like major
role, minor role, or anything like that. Interesting. There's just one kind of catch-all
category, but that is interesting. I just say like, where did this A Plague's Tale,
like, overwhelming love come from? Because I've heard of the first one and I kind of
heard of the second one, but getting so many nominations just feels really out of left field
to me. It might be a good game. I haven't played it. I've watched Dreamer play it. It looked,
it looked nice. Like the graphics were very good and I'm just assuming it has a really
compelling story to it. So yeah, it just, it just seems like the, not the indie darling that they
have to put on the list, but like maybe the title that they put on there to show that they only,
they don't only take the biggest name titles for their nominations. But I do hear it's good. I just,
I've never heard anything about it. I don't even know what gameplay style it is.
DJ Roma S in chat says, I call bullshit on God of War. Orange Wright says, God of War Ragnarok
just came out. Deft is talking about his phone call on Bobby's show earlier tonight where like,
I don't mind the nomination, but SIFU being considered best fighting game is, is ridiculous.
And then DJ Roma S says, dude, that game just came out. It's a slap in the face of the other
contenders. Here's the thing. And I know this isn't the popular answer Rama, but it's just,
I'm just going to break it down. It's like the Oscars. This, the same thing happens in the Oscars
all the time. And the, and the game awards are absolutely going to be at this point.
The Oscars get to this point where it is literally a campaign season and the movie doesn't get wide
release until January or February, even though the cutoff is in December 31st. And it like movies
that get nominated for Oscars almost all of the time release in like one theater in LA that all
of the industry people end up seeing. So, so regular people like you and me don't end up seeing
it like for one weekend just to be Oscar eligible. And then the entire push is around the awards that
it receives. Like this is an industry game in the movie area. And I, what I see with God of War
Ragnarok here in part, I think is kind of that, but I actually don't think that's on the developers.
The reality is the game awards are just timed really weird because yes, for ever since the
beginning of time in this industry, big releases are always around Thanksgiving. They want to get
on the shelves before Black Friday. We all know that's when the games release. So really, I think,
I don't think the problem is when the games are releasing. The problem is the game awards would
probably be better timed in January or February, but that's not what Jeff Keighley wants to do. And
that's not the vision that he has for the awards ceremony. And so that's how we end up in this
position. So I actually, I don't fault the publishers pushing their games for Game of the Year
and all this stuff, because you know, the games are going to release when they release. The game
awards ought to be in January or February if the public is to have more time to play them. But I,
I absolutely understand the frustration where it's like, well, if the public can vote on this,
how am I supposed to vote for something I haven't had time to play? And that's why I say, well,
it's good that the public's vote for all intents and purposes barely counts. Right?
Yeah. Anyway. But if we want to go again, if we want to look at the Oscars and the film industry
and that whole thing, this year is going to be very interesting. And I want to say it was
interesting. A couple of years ago, there was another movie that bucked the trend,
but there is still a lot of Oscar buzz. And in my opinion, 100% rightfully so around the movie,
Everything, Everywhere, All at Once. That movie came out way earlier this year. But I'm telling
you, if Michelle Yeoh does not get nominated for best actress, gays will be rioting in the streets
as will be, as will people of lots of orientations, because I think we can all agree,
she deserves an Oscar nomination. Quite frankly, Ki Hui Kwan who, you know, hasn't acted in a
movie in like 40 years or however long it's been. Also, I think a lot of people will be, you know,
throwing hands if he doesn't get a best supporting actor nomination for that movie.
So there's a lot of people that are wanting to go to bat for that movie.
It'll be interesting to see if it does get nominated or not. Because again,
those types of releases tend to get forgotten about. And that's the other frustration. Games
or movies that don't get nominated because they came out just after the cutoff. Quick aside,
sorry, but while I'm on this tangent, just looking at other industries, other war shows,
you know who else has a fucking weird cutoff window? The Grammys. Now, I can't stand the
Grammys personally. But the Grammy because I just they've been getting it wrong for years
and years and years. Go look at what The Weeknd said about the Grammys a few years ago, why he
doesn't participate. That's been true about the Grammys for a long time. They have a lot of things
to fix. But the Grammys also have a very strange cutoff window. And so like you have a situation
where a band that's near and dear to my heart, ABBA, got nominated last year for their comeback
single. So they got nominated for the single that came out in advance of their album.
They got nominated for that. But this year now they get nominated for the actual album
and a different single that I think more people actually enjoy. Don't Shut Me Down,
the one that actually sounded like an old ABBA song. Those got nominated for this year's Grammys.
ABBA will not, they didn't win last year and they won't win this year either because
Beyonce train is unstoppable period end of sentence. But it's interesting that they get
nominated essentially that that first song gets nominated, which is on that Voyage album and then
the second song gets nominated this year. So it's another one of those award shows that has a weird
ass cutoff date, for sure. So anyway, let's see Bobby Blackwell in chat says at the start of the
award season game publishers and developers are provided with an access to a list of outlets that
will submit nomination ballots. While most of our voting outlets have access to games through the
normal editorial process, publishers and developers are permitted to provide review copies or digital
redemption codes. To meet our balloting deadlines, publishers or developers may provide advance or
pre-release access to games for critical evaluation. I'm assuming that is copy posted for the website.
And that reads to me screener copies. Infamous in the movie industry, right, Loki?
I joke because Loki used to get a lot of screener copies. We used to watch a lot of
movies before they were out. Yes. So I mean, they have the annoying watermark on the bottom or
the other weird that some of them would go to black and white randomly. Like that was the
copy protection thing. But yeah, I remember watching so many movies before they were
released on DVD through that. Yep. So I remember that screener copies.
All right. Anyway, let's move on. We spent way too much time talking about awards. Sorry,
but I want to respond to this stuff in chat. That was some good, good feedback in chat.
All right. Let's talk about this next story, which I think is, Loki, are you doing this one? Sorry,
behind? Yeah, Loki's on it. Yeah, yeah. So this is cool. archive.org has now received all 285 issues
of Nintendo power, which was uploaded, I guess by gumball. And you can now view them unofficially
in CBR format, which is it's about 40 gigabytes might want to download that before it's already
gone. Oh, dang it. Yeah. Dang it. Nintendo. Well, I'm sure somebody right click saved all before
metaphorically. I mean, obviously, if it's been uploaded once on the internet,
there's a torrent out there. Absolutely. Yeah, well, yeah. In fact, Tiger Claw in chat says
the archive was taken down, but you can download them from a torrent that I linked to on the
discord, of course, of course. So you know, Nintendo, I mean, I don't know, since it was
your magazine, and all. You could put digital versions of this as part of the Nintendo online
service, and people could just browse them using their switch. It's like, almost no effort.
And in fact, somebody's done all the scanning work for you really, and it adds to the value
that you would get with Nintendo online. Just a thought, you know, just since you're going to be
litigious and take it down anyways. They won't. They won't. Of course, effort, minimal effort,
minimal effort. All right. Well, speaking of classics, we have the next segment for you.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right, except it's actually not going to be Dark Sakura talking about it tonight. It's going
to be me because I picked the game tonight because Dark Sakura's out of town. And unfortunately,
with everything that was going on, she did not have time to record something in advance. So,
I will be talking about the classic game tonight. And the game that I have picked tonight is a
NES game that I remember fondly called The Magic of Scheherazade. Or when I was a kid,
I used to mispronounce this all the time. As you might notice, mispronunciation has been a running
theme in my life. I think I used to call this Scheherazade. That's what I used to call this
game. Did anybody else ever play this game? And what did you got? Loki, did you ever play this
game? All right. Shane, have you ever heard of this game?
No, it was terrible.
Oh, no. This game, look, on a technical level, it wasn't great, but this game actually did some
really cool things I want to talk about. So, The Magic of Scheherazade, it was part action RPG and
part straight up RPG. And that's what made this game very unique. It was released in Japan in
1987, but it didn't come out in North America until 1990. So, there was actually quite a gap
in the time it took to get this game translated and localized. It was released by Culture Brain,
who did a lot of unique NES titles. And it's, of course, you can probably guess based on the name.
It's based on Middle Eastern folk tales from 1001 Nights. You are attempting to rescue the Princess
of Scheherazade from Sabaron, who, of course, has summoned demons, chaos, and all the bad things to
Arabia where this game takes place. The game is divided into chapter. And as I mentioned,
it is both action adventure RPG. Think The Legend of Zelda combined with more classic,
say, Dragon Warrior at the time, or Final Fantasy RPG style. So, you go through the overworld at a
top-down perspective. You can attack enemies with your sword and so forth, both in real-time action,
but sometimes there will be random turn-based battles that you fight with allies at your side.
Again, kind of like you're playing Dragon Warrior 2 or something like that.
I know why this game sounds familiar. Didn't Strong Bad write a song about this?
Oh, I don't know. Maybe. Somebody in chat might know. I don't know.
It just reminded me of Everybody to the Limit.
Yeah, looking at comments in chat. Darkstalkers actually in chat, hopefully gives a blessing to
this choice, says, and apparently gamble for corgis. Yes, that's what's happening in the
sequence we're watching right now, is that apparently there's a wheel of corgis and
penguins and other animals. There's a gambling mini-game that's going on in the game right now.
But it also just goes to show the amount of variety, which even though, yeah, it didn't
age well. The graphics kind of look like a hot mess. But at the time, to see all these different
genres combined in one game, that's what makes this game unique and worthy of a classic to me.
It's just, you know, we love when, like, genres get mishmashed together. Like,
look at one of our all-time faves, the Guardian Legend. That's like part Zelda, part Gradius,
or maybe, I'm sorry, yeah, Life Force, kind of combined into one game, because I'm thinking
vertical scrolling, combined into one game. So, that's kind of part of the reason why I think
this game is unique. Anyway, let's see. What else do I want to say about it? Enemies will appear in
the overworld. They're fought in real time. You can use a sword. You can use a rod for projectiles
and magic spells. You get experience points, of course, that increase your levels. HP and MP go
up as you level up. If you are transitioning between screens on the overhead map, sometimes
you will encounter a turn-based battle with groups of enemies. The start of the battle gives you the
option to fight, escape, or bribe enemies into leaving. That's also kind of a unique mechanic
at the time. You fight alone or with two other people in your party, and it's a little more like
a traditional RPG in that sense. Formations, which you learn at magic universities, can be created,
which give you added defense or cast powerful group magic spell. So, certain formations work
against certain squads or regiments in the game. You can also hire mercenary troopers. Again,
there's a lot going on in this game. So, it's just interesting that it doesn't do any of these
genres particularly well, but the fact that they fit all of this in one game is pretty impressive.
The Magic of Scheherazade was developed for the NES or the Famicom in Japan by Culture Brain.
A person that was working under a pseudonym, Academia Yuminisuke, was the game's producer.
That was in a weekly Famitsu interview that that came from. Composers for the game were
Akinora Sawa and Sunichi Mikame. Sawa worked on the Hiryu no Ken series with Culture Brain,
and Mikame worked on Kung Fu Heroes, which I saw someone shouted that out in chat also from
Culture Brain, and Flying Dragon. Compositions were recorded to audio cassette and then simplified
to the Famicom sound generator once it was approved by the producer. I think that's
interesting. Only three of the six songs that Mikame composed were used in the game. He left
the company before the game was actually released. There was an official strategy guide for the game
released in November of 1987. There was a short manga based on the game called Magical Book
that features all the party members from the game in it. Okay, I think I'm sick of watching
corgi gambling on our stream. We need to fast forward to a little more action. Looks like
there's a turn-based battle there. We can take a look at that. All right. Sorry, just I wanted
to adjust what our live viewers are seeing on Twitch. Let's see. Then what happened after that?
Culture Brain USA announced the game for mid-1988 with a release date then scheduled for January
1989. It was delayed, but it was showcased at the Winter CES with games like Kung Fu Heroes
and Flying Dragon The Secret Scroll. It was showcased then again at the 1990 Winter CES,
this time alongside Baseball Simulator 1.0, and the game finally came out on January 15, 1990.
Changes were made for the English language version, including animation of character and
monster sprites, changes of facial features for the characters to look a little more nondescript,
simplification of the overworld map, character text during gameplay, and new music. The reviews
when the game was released were mixed. EGM gave it a 22 out of 40. Famitsu gave it a 27 out of 40.
Video games and computer entertainment gave it a 6 out of 10. But the publication game players gave
it their best graphics award in 1989. So, it seemed like it was a little bit kind of what I
was saying earlier. The compliments were, wow, this game does a lot. The feedback on what it
could have done better is, wow, it does none of those things particularly well. So, and honestly,
I do agree, but I play, I rented this game. I never owned it, but I remember renting this from
the video store at least two or three times because I thought, you know, I liked RPGs,
I like Zelda, I like Final Fantasy, and I just thought, A, you didn't see a lot of games in like,
you know, this sort of universe, like the, you know, the Arabian kind of setting that this game
has. You see a lot of games like that and the uniqueness of those different, you know, I always
liked when game genres collided, like I mentioned the Guardian Legend, but also I think about things
like Goemon or The Legend of the Mystical Ninja and like the random shit you did in those games
when you, you know, like Gradius being built into the game was just like the weirdest thing. I
always liked that kind of stuff and they were always like fun games to rent. Anyway, what's
interesting is that you also know people that have kind of missed this game. This game has been
mentioned that it is noticeably absent from the Virtual Console service. You remember when Nintendo
was putting everything out on the Nintendo Wii, this game probably deserved another shot on that
service because like Kung Fu Heroes and some of the other Culture Brain stuff got released,
but not this one, which is interesting. A sequel to the game was planned. It was listed by Nintendo
for a 1990 release for the NES. The sequel was then noted in Game Pro in the September 1990
issue for the summer CES. It then came up in Nintendo Power, and now we can check the archives
to see it, in the November-December 1990 issue. At the winter CES in January 1992,
a Super Nintendo game called Golden Empire was announced by Culture Brain as a follow-up to
The Magic of Scheherazade. Then a year later, the 1993 winter CES, the game was apparently called
Golden Empire The Legend of Scheherazade. And then a gaming retail chain at the time,
Chips and Bits advertised the game. And as late as 1996, the Japanese magazine,
Family Computer Magazine, listed the game as Scheherazade Densetsu, the Prelude, with a
TBA sort of date. And of course, that's it. That's all we know. The game never came out.
So, it was mysteriously sacked. Just, I guess, was never really able to truly be finished. So,
Questbuster in chat brings up another fun fact, which I think this is neat. Magic of
Scheherazade broke into Nintendo Power's top 30 in the July and August issue in 1990 at number 15,
ahead of Willow, number 16, and just behind Dragon Warrior. Well, yeah, this game was incredibly
unique. And I think that's why a lot of people remember it. Again, not every game that gets
picked for the Classic Game of the Week is necessarily memorable because it was good. But
I think games that we remember fondly are games that kind of make us go, huh,
that was interesting, are certainly worthy. And to me, that's the Magic of Scheherazade,
a game that I think was very interesting in the way that it sort of mishmashed different genres.
So, I would encourage you to check this out. And unfortunately, there's no legal way to do it. So,
I'm going to have to tell you to turn to emulation to look at it, or, you know,
watch a long play on YouTube or something like that. But I think the game is interesting.
So, even though, yeah, it probably didn't age great, and you're probably going to be like,
oh, God, some of these graphics, like, you can see how the frames, I mean, if you think technical
problems in today's games are bad, check out some of the stuff on the NES. Anyway, there it is,
your Classic Game of the Week. Neither of you ever played that game?
I did not.
That's what I'm aware of.
Yeah, it was pretty, I liked it. It was unique. It was different. I try to remember if the
cartridge was different, too, because some of the Culture Brain cartridges were different.
But I don't think that one was. I don't recall it being so anyway.
All right. Dark Soccer will be back in two weeks, and she'll take over the Classic Game segment
again. So, I think this means next week, Loki, I think that means it's your turn next week.
Sound good?
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy. Don't pick anything that's going to get you in trouble. That's all I'm going to say.
Oh, I'm not picking Halo.
All right. Yeah, I was going to say, don't pick anything that's going to get you in trouble.
Don't pick Halo 2 either. All right. All right. I'm sure there's lots of games,
10 years or older, that are Loki noteworthy. Hell, God, the original Saints Row probably
qualified at this point.
Maybe we did that one.
Oh, did we? All right. Well, fair enough.
Maybe. I don't know.
All right. Check the wiki. All right. Let's go now to some rapid fire news and travel
around the industry and look at some other headlines pretty quickly here.
So, oh, dark soccer in chat says new OLR dream game, corky gambling.
I'm kind of into it. Like dogs playing poker. I'm kind of into it. It's cute. All right. Anyway,
rapid fire news. Loki, let's go to you.
Yeah. So, apparently, Las Vegas Raiders linebacker Blake Martinez has decided to retire mid season
because he is making enough money selling Pokemon cards that he can retire. In fact,
he just recently sold an illustrator, Pikachu, that was a mint 9.5, and he sold that for $672,000.
So, he's making money selling Pokemon cards. No need to play football anymore.
That's interesting. Not a headline I would have thought.
There's a lot of football players that make more money than that, but I guess, you know,
for the average football player, that's probably better than the salary.
He's only 28, too. So, I mean, like, he probably has quite a bit of time that he could, you know.
He's got to invest that money. I mean, when all is said and done, $600,000 is going to last,
but maybe combined with the NFL money, it's pretty good.
Or maybe that's just one card out of all the ones he's selling. I don't know how big he is in that.
Shane, haven't you been getting more into the card game a little bit or at
least collecting the different cards? Only for the ones I care about. Like,
I don't do it for, like, the rare expensive ones. I do it for the Oshawott cards or
one that I think looks cool. Or the soon to be released
Quaxley cards, I'm sure. Yes.
Fair enough. All right. What else, Logie? Apparently, Blizzard is keen on selling
Overwatch 2 skins for players they have temporarily disabled. So you can buy
a brand new skin for Mei. However, because they've temporarily disabled her because of
her ice wall ability and the bug in that, you can't play with the new skin.
But they're apparently bringing her back. Well, they apparently already have brought her back
or was supposed to bring her back by November 15th. But it has also been delayed because
of a issue in the launch of the patch to address a critical issue so soon.
Have to be honest. I haven't really touched Overwatch 2 since that first week. And now it's
just kind of there. So I don't know. I haven't been following the latest and greatest of the game,
but it'll be interesting to see if the, I guess, like all the hype that was there that
first week would Overwatch 2 launch, like how much of that is still there around the holidays,
you know, as we get in towards the end of the year and next year and season two
Battle Pass really will be the real telling thing. Because that's where they're making
their money now, right? Yeah. Speaking of Blizzard, even though we didn't have it show
rolled, Shane, you had brought something to me up before the show tonight. And I was like,
Oh, yeah, maybe we should bring that up. Did you want to talk about that?
Oh, yeah, sure. So starting January 23 of next year, all Blizzard games, all the major ones,
except for Diablo Immortal will have their services suspended in China, even though they're
about to sell like the new WoW expansion and the next season of Overwatch 2 is going to happen.
I guess they couldn't come to an agreement with NetEase, their China partner. And so those
services are just going to go away. So I don't know what that means for like, the Chinese
Overwatch League teams, or, you know, all the players there, they are, can they use VPNs? I
don't know how strict it is. But they're kind of out of luck, for at least the time being.
Blizzard said something about being willing to revisit like their games in the future there,
but doesn't sound like it's going to be anytime soon. Interesting. I wonder if they'll team up
with a different publisher, but then you got to wonder how the Chinese gaming community is going
to react to this. Because I imagine there's going to be a lot of people over there that are going
to be like, well, fuck Blizzard then, you know? Yeah, maybe. I know Immortal was made with NetEase.
So they still have some sort of relationship, but I do not understand what happened to,
you know, effectively kill their entire lineup there.
Yeah, that's a, that's a big, that's a big, you know, like, failing, really, of them not
be able to renegotiate the agreement, especially when they're not like turning around and saying,
and we're going to this publisher and set instead, like Blizzard did not have a second suitor lined
up. So it's a really odd thing to just have suddenly terminate, you know? Yeah, it's especially
when they went all in on that one controversy on Overwatch, like, now they're like, whatever,
we don't need China. We don't care. As Joe and Matt in chat says, the line to say F you to
Blizzard goes around the block. Well, yeah, with this in China, this news, this is not going to go
over well, I'm sure. God, can you imagine like all that time that some people have been investing
into their profiles like a wow character? Can you imagine, Shane, if like, they came out tomorrow
and said, you know what, due to a disagreement with Square Enix, we're just turning off Final
Fantasy 14 in America next month, like crazy, that would be awful. I mean, you were onto it,
there'd be so many people that would be like, private servers, VPN, actually, I heard about
a private Final Fantasy 11 server that just I've heard about, I've actually been on them before,
like, there's some new one that just launched, because they're one of my LGBT gaming servers
was recruiting for a link shell and that and I was actually tempted. Like, again, it's one of
those things where it's like, if you didn't go live the same day as Pokemon, I would have been
tempted by this. Yeah, it was. What were you saying? I don't want to be dragged back into
a Final Fantasy 11. Again, I know, I know. But something needs to be done on the fun, though,
I did play on a mod server for a brief period of time. And they had the level they had, like,
basically, it was like a 30 x leveling or something like that. So you got 30 x XP from
everything. It was great, because you could like solo a whole bunch of stuff you wouldn't normally
be able to. I would go look up the name of this, but it's in Discord. And Discord is how I'm
putting your face through to the stream right now. So I can't switch windows. But I'm, I'll have to
look it up after the show and send it, you know, but again, not that like I could send I could
send something Final Fantasy 11 or 14 to Shane and it's like until the Pokedex is done. She doesn't
have time for anything else, right? It's very true. Except maybe rating because there's this,
there's a social contract with rating, but that's really it. So all right, moving on. Let's talk
about some DLC that is incoming for Splatoon 3. More content and stuff for Splatoon 3 this
December. Starting on December 1, if you have an active Nintendo Switch Online membership,
you're going to get Chill Season 2022. That's weapon and stages, new gear, victory emotes,
game modes. And there's a video that has all of that as well. Big Run is coming. It puts a twist
in Salmon Run. Big Run is going to take place when the Salmonoids invade the Wahoo world stage later
this year. And there'll be more details that come out soon. There's also going to be X Battles where
you have to get to an elite rank in anarchy battles and you risk X power to challenge your
way up the leaderboards. X Battles are coming out December 1 as well. Three new weapons,
a new roller, a new charger, new shooter, and 10 returning weapons from previous Splatoon games.
And now some of them have modified sets. There will also be new stages added, including
Brine Water Springs and Flounder Heights from the first Splatoon game. So more fun stuff there. But
again, you have to have a Nintendo Switch Online. I don't know, is that premium online or is that
just any online? If you're getting the DLC, it's probably the premium one. It depends on how they
term the DLC. If it's DLC, then it's going to require purchasing. But it sounds to me mostly
just like a title update. It does sound like a title update, doesn't it? Which should be free.
Because again, things like new stages and stuff, they're going to go into the rotation for everyone.
You can't just have DLC. Only people get those stages. So I feel like a lot of that's going to
just be open for everyone. But I can see how you have to have Nintendo Switch Online to do it
because those are all things that you play online. Yeah. And it's... Right. That's why I would think
it would be the expansion pass if they are going to actual DLC route and not just like a patch.
Yeah. All right. Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some things
you'll be able to play this week. Although I think now we're going to... Yeah. Black Friday
is this Friday. And so games usually don't release on Black Friday. Although there might be some
digital surprises. I don't know, but let's check in anyway. Yeah. So we've got Evil West,
which is out on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series. Five Nights at Freddy's
Security Breach on Xbox One and Xbox Series. Gungrave Gore on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5,
Xbox One and Xbox Series. And last but not least, Ship of Fools on PC, Nintendo Switch,
PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series. All right. And if you pull up the year updates for me while I do
Japan... Of course, I already did it. Awesome. I'm already on top of this. Thank you. I'm right on
top of that, Rose. Anyway, looking to Japan, which obviously it's a little different because
Thanksgiving is not a factor over there. So they do have some releases this week on the Nintendo
Switch. The Binding of Isaac Repentance gets its Japanese release, although the game is still in
English, but it is getting released officially in Japan. Kono Subarashi Sekai ni Shuku Fukuo
also comes out this week in a regular and a limited edition. We also have a game called
Harvest Over Ray is out on the Switch this week. Matchpoints Tennis Championships is also out this
week in Japan. And then Omori is out, also an English game, but they are putting it out
anyway in Japan this week. And a price reduction for several games in the Fushigi no Gensokyo
series, including Reloaded and Lotus Labyrinth R. Also of interest, Nickelodeon All-Star Brawl
is released in Japan this week, which is interesting. So that is all out this week in Japan.
Going over to the PlayStation 5 and checking out the releases there, Solstice, not to be confused
with the amazing NES classic that I'm sure I've picked as the classic game of the week at some
point. This is a different game. It's called S-O-U-L, Solstice, which I don't know much about this
game, but it looks like it has some neat graphics to it. So that's kind of neat. So that is out on
the PlayStation 5 this week. And that seems to be the major release over there. Now we can go to
Europe. All right. In Europe, we've got Evil West coming out on PlayStation and Xbox, Farming
Simulator 22 Platinum Edition on PC, PlayStation and Xbox, Gungrave Gore on PlayStation and Xbox,
and of course Just Dance 2023 Edition on PlayStation, Xbox and Switch.
All right. All right. We have a few more stories and then we'll invite some calls. We'll see if
anyone wants to call in tonight over at our green room over at vognetwork.com slash discord if you
want to be a part of the show tonight. In the meantime, let's get some more news. Loki, a game
we were talking about earlier, right? Yes. Morio Kishimoto, who is the game director and designer
on Sonic Team. He has let everybody know that there's basically that the new sequel of Sonic
or Sonic Frontiers has areas which were not quite there yet. That's pretty obvious. It was pretty
empty. And that they're treating the feedback that players are leaving them right now like a
global play test. Now that's not to be confused with we're treating the release of this game like
a global play test, but more like that they are taking feedback seriously because I know I read
it the other way the first time. I'm like, oh, how nice pay $60 for your game. And we're just going
to be play testing it, I guess. But I mean, that is kind of what it is in the sense that
a lot of the stuff really should have been polished, like especially some of the pop in
that's in this case that a game that is about speed and the pop in is so bad that you miss
stuff. That is a problem. Whether they're going to patch it, I don't know. Hopefully,
hopefully they can fix it. But at the very least, they're going to take what they've learned from
previous games that have performed poorly, technically, and apply that to the next game
that they make. And I'm sure that we won't ever have these problems again, Pokemon.
Yeah, I was gonna say, I'm sure game freak is breathing a sigh of relief. It's not just us.
We're all in this together. That's that's the industry nowadays. Like it literally is
acceptable for them to put out broken products. Can you imagine if that were to be like any other
industry like cars or planes? Or movies? The movies just miss? Well, okay. But remember when
the Cats movie came out and like the CGI like there were pieces of it that like weren't done?
Yeah. So that actually I was like, Oh, actually, it does happen in movies.
Like they did as much as they could. So anyway, but I didn't know when I saw I didn't notice any
of that when I saw it finished the CG on the rest of it. So, you know. All right. Anyhow, moving on
to a story that was submitted via our discord because in our chat over at Orange Lounge Radio,
you all can send us some stories for potential inclusion in our show. And I do I do read
everything in our chat, even if I don't always chat. But there was a story that was posted
about scalper bots and the PlayStation five apparently scalper bots are starting to lose
interest in the PlayStation five. This is according to a bot detection specialist,
net Asia. I don't know if I'm saying that right. But it's a quarterly index on the top five
products that are targeted by scalper bots. And for the third quarter of 2022, the PlayStation
five is no longer in the top three. We know where they went to number four or swift tickets.
No, it wasn't even because this is the third quarter. So Taylor Swift actually in the fourth
quarter. And that's a that's a fourth. That is a whole other disaster. Can you believe?
Can you believe? Because like, can you believe Congress is finally going to investigate ticket
master? Like the government is going to and it took Taylor Swift to make that happen. Like I,
I don't consider myself a Swifty. But damn her power. Like I respect your music. I like some
of her songs. I do like I understand why people are a Swifty. But like, damn her power to like,
be able to shut down Ticketmaster. Break them out. Something we've been yelling about for years.
We'll see that actually happens. Yeah, we'll see if it actually happens. That's for sure.
All right. Anyhow, um, are you curious what outranked the PlayStation five? Number one,
Adidas Yeezy slide bone. Number two, Nike Dunk Low Panda, of course, their shoes.
Sometimes we forget, because we're kind of tunnel vision on video games. We forget the shoe industry
is fucking wild. Sometimes. Is there anybody out there in chat that participates in shoe collection?
Because I remember just a couple weeks ago, I was in San Francisco, walking around for
something completely unrelated. I was there. Oh, it was when I went and saw Jackie Little
Pill with melody. And I was waiting for her to show up. And I was walking by the store. And I
was like, why is there a gigantic fucking line to go in this store that looks almost absolutely
empty shoes? It was a shoe release of some sort. And they were all going in there to get shoes.
And it was probably one of these, to be honest. All right. Um, let's see. And then number three,
Panini Donruss Optic football trading cards. What the fuck are those? Optic, is that like,
trading cards with NFCs built, not NFT, NFCs built in were like, you can scan them and stuff,
because that's where like, that's what it sounds like. It's wild.
I thought at first it was gonna be sandwiches. Like, damn.
Yeah, I know. When I saw Panini, I was like, oh, like a press like, damn,
that must be a hell of a thing. But yeah, no, they look like just normal old football cards.
Interesting. Maybe somebody in chat knows more about that. But those are more desirable
than PlayStation five. Mike Deaf says those are popular worldwide, the Panini cards.
So, and the sandwiches. And in Pokemon, sandwiches are an important plot point in Pokemon.
That's how you get Pokemon to breed now, is through sandwiches. It is.
It's true, you go to the picnic. So that's right, you you set up a romantic picnic for
two Pokemon, and then there's eggs. No more nurseries. So there's another difference
from previous generations. Oh, Mike Deaf points out every World Cup they release a set. These
are actual like the one at least the ones I googled were showing us American football,
but that would make a lot of sense that they might be worldwide more what we know as soccer,
but what the rest of the world knows as football. It might might make sense. It's more related in
that universe. So interesting. You know, I I'm getting to a point where I'm like, yeah, I think
I'd kind of like to have a PlayStation five. Maybe that'll be a holiday thing. I don't know. Alan was
kind of asking some probing questions around us. I don't know if that's I've seen them in stores
now. They're not that bad. Yeah. Yeah. To get. So maybe maybe that'll be a holiday thing. I don't
know. But if it's not, I'm like, okay with that. Like if it's because they are still expensive.
So if it's something that has to wait until a little closer to June or whenever Final Fantasy
fifth, not 15, Final Fantasy 16 is releasing, then, you know, so be it. It's fine.
All right, moving on. Let's talk about what's happening in Microsoft's world, Loki.
They're banning people. So their digital transparency report came out,
and apparently their automatic banning system to catch inauthentic accounts and
cheating accounts has banned nearly four point three three million of those accounts.
And they claim that ninety nine point nine nine percent of the time it automatically bans fake
accounts as soon as they're created and that their automation helps find resolutions sooner,
reduce the needs for human review and further reduce the impact of toxic content in human
monitors. Yeah, that's curious to see. I'm curious to see what the, you know,
landscape looks like in multiplayer. I haven't really played in public multiplayer games and
it's probably coming up on a decade now, more than a decade. I don't know. So be curious to see
like if that's changing like the landscape or if it's still, you know, that one percent of
a-holes that manages to get through. Yeah. And I feel like every time you have a cheating
embodying ban, then they just find a new way around it. Like, you know, it's it's going to
be a forever game of whack-a-mole forever and ever. You know, that's what it is pretty much.
All right. And lastly, this is kind of an interesting story because I wasn't aware
that this was something that was being worked on even at some point. But this is a story about
SimCopter64. So SimCopter64 was a sequel to, of course, SimCopter that was being worked on for,
sorry, I'm trying to get some of the b-roll up here. I'm doing it a little on the fly here.
But for those that are watching live over at twitch.tv slash vog network as we tape
live on Sunday night, I was just trying to get some of the video up for you. There we go.
So this is a version of SimCopter64 that was playable at E3 in 1997. It was going to be a
sequel to the original SimCopter game that was on the PC. In this title, you flew a helicopter
around your own SimCity. And that's what you're seeing pretty much in this Nintendo 64 version,
although it is really interesting to me in this footage, how they use a fog effect to like,
not have to render things on the entire screen. But you know, okay, all right.
We see what you do in fact in Nintendo 64 is pretty much is every game had a fog effect.
Yeah, well, maybe the new Pokemon game needed a fog effect. I don't know. But anyway,
anyway, this new footage was captured directly from a Nintendo 64 from the Video Game History
Foundation, who was able to find that E3 demo that was only ever seen in 1997. They've also written
a big article if you want to see it gamehistory.org is their website. Apparently, there was a lot of
difficulty in making a game that was fun to play and worked well on the hardware, you know, and
I'm joking about the fog effect. But let's be real, that was really going to annoy a lot of
people with that. So yeah, pretty neat that, yeah, I like seeing, you know, kind of the old stuff
that pops up again, and you know, this stuff that otherwise would have been lost to time.
But yeah, I'm sure if this had actually come out, it probably would not have been very well
received. But kind of neat. I didn't even really know that I didn't realize that they were even
working on one. I remember the original game. There were so many sim games in that era. That
was like that was the era of SimAnt, which I think you were playing on your background a few weeks
ago. SimTower, SimCopter, SimEarth, SimCity 3000, I think was probably in that same time frame.
There was just a ton of SimCity games that were all released at once, or sim-based games before
we actually got, of course, The Sims, which then, you know, pretty much transformed those games
forever. So Bobby Lachlvenchat says, I remember playing this at my first E3. I was totally more
interested in SimCity 3000. Actually, I don't think I played it. I think it was guided by an
employee so they wouldn't clip into buildings. But there was one TV that had this demo on it,
SimCity 3000 was the big thing in EA's booth that year. And SSG100 Matt throwing it back to another
all time classic that was released around that time, SimCity Action News Simulator,
which of course is a reference to the SimCity CD-ROM game that actually had cutscenes of
SimCity Action News that would report on the disasters. It was it was like public access
television, community theater, absolute camp, these things. I know we've made fun of it on the
show before, but I'm glad that end joke is still around out there. I got to find a copy of that
game and stream it sometime. It has to be out there in some type of like abandoned archive or
something somewhere. So, all right. That's it for our scheduled news tonight. If you would, oh,
see, I got the cost. If you would like to call in, you can do that over at twitch, excuse me,
well twitch.tv slash vog network if you'd like to ask us a question. But vog network.com slash
discord if you'd like to actually give us a call, you can head on into our green room. I was going
to check the mailbag. But I don't think I remember seeing anything in there. But I'll look in there
right now and see. In the meantime, let me check with Loki and see if there's any last minute
stories. I just looked. Nothing. Nothing. Shane, is there anything else that you saw in the news
this week that you want to talk about that we haven't gotten to yet? No, I've been paying
attention because you know, Pokemon. So if it's not Pokemon related, I wouldn't know what's
happening. What are you are you just working on your decks in that game? Basically? Yeah.
That's gonna take a long time. I feel like I see. I see. All right. Anyway, let's see the usual
places not letting me log in. So let me see if I can find because they all go about halfway done.
It says I'm at 195. That's not terrible. That's actually not as many Pokemon as I was expect you
to have to have beaten the game. That's only caught it says I've battled like 300 something
different ones. So okay. Well, I'll work out how long before I get the Scarlet exclusives that you
want. Or did you already take care of that? No, I haven't taken care of it yet. All right. Well,
I'll work on it. I can't I can't promise I'll stream tonight. But maybe I'm not I'm not going
to do like a post show thing like dark soccer usually does because I need a minute to like
actually edit this show. If I do anything, it'll be late night and only for a little bit. But
hopefully I can get to those areas soon. So. All right. Well, I guess with that,
we're at the point where we're going to wrap up the show. But before we wrap up the show,
let's get everybody's final thoughts. Actually, that did end up being a longer show than I would
have thought. Because we had a lot to say, I guess. So let's go right to get everybody's
final thought for the night. Hey, Shane, thank you so much for being here and filling in tonight
and coming in to talk about Pokemon. Really appreciate that and hope you had a good time.
You're welcome. Thank you. Before I get your final thought, let me remind our listeners,
of course, as always, thank you for listening to Orange Launch Radio. If you enjoyed what you
heard here at the show, help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a
voice. But we need the voices here to put out on air. So tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word. A five-star review wherever you found this podcast on a site like
iTunes or Spotify goes an awful long way. So we really appreciate it. As I was saying at the
beginning of the show, and obviously, I was pretty emotional about a lot of things. And thank you,
talking about video games has been very good for my mood tonight and just being with you all.
But obviously, there's a real community here that we built up over the past few years,
and we'd love for more people to join our community. And obviously,
when we lose somebody from that community, and I'm not talking about somebody just deciding they
have something better to do on Sunday nights, but we really lose somebody from the community.
Obviously, it really hurts. We are a family of sorts here on Sunday nights. So just really
appreciate those of you that turn out. And of course, that extends to absolutely every one of
you that listens throughout the week on the podcast feed as well. I am well aware due to time
zones for many of you overseas or just due to the fact that there's a lot that goes on in the world
on Sunday nights. Some of you listen on the podcast feed throughout the week,
and that is totally cool too. You are absolutely a part of this just as much as everyone else.
Please make sure we hear from you once in a while, either over at our mailbag. I almost said that
social media site I don't use anymore. Technically, we're there, but you'll have to pay me to check
it. Mailbag at orange, or excuse me, participate. I don't even know our fucking email address
anymore. Participate at orange.radio.com if you want to send us an email for a future week.
Okay, all of that being said, now I'll go to Shane. Shane, your final thought for us tonight?
Um, the new Pokemon games are really good. If you don't care about like bugs that are not game
breaking, please go get them. You'll have a lot of fun if you especially if you know a few other
people to play with and you just want to roam around in the world. It's one of the coolest
Pokemon experiences I've ever had. Yeah, I'm excited. I'm excited captures that same like
go feeling. You know, when go is new, we were all out like in downtown sack,
walking around, or old town sack. Like, I know you only get three other people with you and
you kind of got to know and you have to know who they are to be invited. But it's a lot of fun
still. I am excited to get to the point of that game where that feels a little more realistic,
realistic to do. I kind of feel like that's not something you really do until either like you've
beaten the game or you're really close. Like it's not something you should really do in the
beginning. But I mean, I guess there's no rules on it. But I just feel for me like,
oh, I should kind of focus on like progress and progression before I play with other players. I
don't know. Is that a fair outlook? Um, I think so non spoilery, the progression that should matter
to most people, if you want to go explore everything is do the Titan battles. Those
are most important other things. I understand why. Yeah. Um, but yeah, no, just do what you
want in the game. That's what it's billed as. So don't run around with people. Just focus like I
did. And you'll have a great time regardless. All right. All right. Loki, your final thoughts
tonight. I'll simulate your three is awesome. Go play it. All right. Sounds good. And my final
thought tonight is, um, thank you all very much for being here. Thank you for listening.
I appreciate you. I hope you all had a good 20 November. I know it wasn't great in the rest of
the world. Um, but you know, it's, it's, it's a, it's today's date is a good symbol of community.
And that's what we've got here. And that's what we've got to get us through a lot of these shitty
things that happen in the world. Um, not just this community, but many other communities,
Twitch streamer communities that you have out there. Um, maybe religious affiliated communities
you participate with in your spare time or other community based communities, uh, you know, real
world, uh, in real life things or other online communities, role-playing game communities,
whatever it is MMOs, whatever it is, uh, 20 November is definitely a symbol of a community
and, uh, what's going to get us through all the bullshit that happens in the world.
So on that note, I hope you all have an incredible week. We'll see you in seven
days on 27 November to do this all over again. Have a great Thanksgiving. Those of you in the
States be safe. Uh, and we'll see you next time. Bye everyone. You've been listening to orange
lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for our live show.
Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM. The views and opinions expressed
in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
nor vog network, but you know, they were all still
in the
