Early into the debut of Apple Arcade, an Oregon Trail remaster came out. My two second review? It was well made. I'm a huge fan of the classic Apple II Oregon Trail as well as the first Windows 95 version. The decade since brought a Super Ragon Adventure and Oregon Trail, the one with zombies, and now we're back to palatable edutainment. Yes, my gravestone still says pepperoni and cheese.
This is your Westward Frontier update. Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now in the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live here with you tonight on November the 6th of 2022 with episode number 936 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joined by my co host here every week to talk about video games and all that good stuff. Joining me say hello to Dark Soccer, Jamie Summers.
Hey, I think my webcam died.
Yeah, I was gonna say we don't see you on cam, but that's all right. Things happen. We'll do it live. That's the joys of taping live because we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice geeks network twitch.tv slash vog network. Nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific right after the Bobby Blackall show.
Camo works now.
I don't even know what that is. What's camo?
It's the one that I use to use my phone as my camera.
Oh.
Camo works, that's why I don't see her.
Dark Soccer used camouflage. It's super effective. Jokes like that and more brought to you by Loki. Hi, Loki.
That's right. I'm here.
You are wearing dad flannel making dad jokes. What's that dad game playing in the background behind you tonight?
Burnout Paradise.
Oh, good.
I couldn't think of anything.
No, it's a good pick. Why not? I like that. Dark Soccer. I see your Zoltar shirt tonight. It's pretty cool. I like that.
Yeah, the shirt that got a cease and desist delivered to coin up game room.
Oh, I didn't know about that.
Yeah, mine. Mine has a stand up a little bit. You can see.
Oh, okay. I see it has actual logo on it. Okay.
Yeah. So it was given to me gifted.
Nice. Well, Dark Soccer, I see your friend who you've brought up on the show previously.
Fanara is in chat saying you may get dysentery, I believe, commenting on Jason's intro tonight, which we'll get to later.
But it is it is lovely to see Fanara in chat. It looks like that means she's doing better. I hope that means so.
I think that she's incrementally better as far as I understand.
Yeah.
So but she'd have to answer that herself.
Fair enough.
I've been I've talked to my mother yesterday.
How is she doing?
She sounded really bad, but she was in good spirits. It was her 64th birthday.
Oh, happy birthday.
Your mom's the oldest Madonna.
Just an observation. That's all Madonna is also 64.
Well, at any rate, she sounded she she sounded in good spirits.
They think that they're figuring out how to beat the pneumonia.
And she actually says she could take some deeper breaths today.
Oh, good.
So I'm hoping that.
Fingers crossed, you know, but I'm still doing my marathon.
I was just about to ask you're doing a marathon, right?
Yeah, I'm not going to be able to do a whole lot of talking, of course.
So, wow, it let me in to co-host right away.
I just immediately signed up and immediately got in.
Oh, the Twitter clone co-host?
Yeah.
Caitlin, let's watch your tangent train focus.
Well, no, I try.
I had forgotten to sign up, so I just went ahead and did it.
I thought I'd have to wait, but no, I guess I'm special.
But anyway, I'm going to be playing Dead by Daylight for 12 hours.
I might, you know, take a break and do Cult of the Lamb or something,
but it's all to raise money for my mom's hospital bill.
She is completely uninsured.
This is Alabama.
She's had some pretty expensive work and treatment done to her.
So, you know, I just don't want to do what I can to help out my mom.
And for those in chat, I'll link the GoFundMe.
But, you know, if you can make it, it'll be from 12 o'clock p.m. Pacific to 12 midnight.
However else long I decide to go if I have energy for it or a voice.
I probably don't have the voice for it.
But, yeah, I'd appreciate some support even if you just, you know, show up and say hi.
And speaking of my voice, as you can hear, it's coming and going, but it's getting incrementally better.
I just have to take it easy.
I'm glad to hear it's getting better.
I was going to point out, too, we're actually not going to be here with Orange Lounge Radio.
And actually Bobby isn't here either just for like we all have kind of random reasons that we're all not available.
So it's well, I think Loki's here, but everybody else has some type of commitment next weekend.
So because you're in a Dead by Daylight tournament or something, right?
No.
I thought that was next Sunday for you.
I don't know why.
I'm not in a tournament at all.
I didn't sign up for it.
Why did I think that?
All right, whatever.
But I'm not here next Sunday because it would be fun.
Yeah, maybe that's maybe my brain is subconsciously telling you to sign up for one.
I don't know.
But I won't be here next weekend.
I'm going on a personal vacation.
So Alan and I will be up in Seattle.
Bobby's actually not going to be here next weekend either.
He's doing a personal vacation of sorts as well.
So say hi to our mutual friends up there.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
For sure.
Can't wait to see some folks up there.
Actually, we did reach out to the streamer that you and I both know that lives up there.
But they're unavailable.
So they're also in town.
Yeah, I know the same reason.
Yeah, yeah.
So, yeah.
Anyway, let's move on and get into tonight's kickoff topic.
Let's talk about some things that are going on in gaming with you all in our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Fanara did give an update saying still breathing, but COVID-borne potato brain.
Sorry to hear it.
Hopefully, hopefully it gets sorted out sooner rather than later and doesn't doesn't stick around too terribly long.
All right.
Let's get into some gaming updates.
We'll go over to Loki to start us off tonight with some pretty big, long awaited updates that I would have thought would have had their own press conference or Nintendo Direct style video.
But no press release Monday morning.
Here we go.
Right.
Yep.
OK.
Sony has finally announced or unveiled to the world more details about the PlayStation VR to mean when we're going to get it and how much it's going to cost.
It's expensive.
It's going to be five hundred and fifty dollars.
It's going to release in February.
And they were talking about that the bundle is going to include Horizon, Call of the Mountain and also include a spin.
I guess.
Yeah, I think that's it.
It just includes that they're going to have 11 other games that are going to be coming out for it or ports that are set the release during the first year.
So we've got looks like Crossfire, Sierra Squad, the Light Brigade, Cities VR enhanced edition.
Cosmonia is high.
Hello, neighbors.
Search and rescue.
Man, that game is like.
Changed Jurassic World Aftermath Collection, Pistol Whip VR, Zenith, the last city after the fall tent clear.
And my personal favorite, the dark picture is switchback VR, which is a spiritual successor to Until Dawn Rush of Blood.
You know, I'm all about that.
So, yeah, when I saw that, I was like, oh, Loki got his wish.
I got my wish.
Yes.
Congratulations.
That's all.
That always feels good when the game makers grant your wish.
Yeah.
Although it isn't I mean, it isn't until dawn.
But, you know, I guess it wouldn't.
It's fine.
I don't really care.
It's a spiritual successor.
It's not, you know, there really is.
I didn't like that until dawn.
Yeah.
So it's fine.
I'm totally on board with it being something different.
I don't know what the dark picture I think is that dark picture is like there.
Overarching like universe.
I think so.
But then you have things like the quarry that didn't get branded into that.
But there were other games that were in that.
So I think it's I think it's like one of their multiverses.
Basically, the dark pictures makes me think of like that thing that Universal is trying to do with like the new Mummy movie.
Oh, no.
And this is what PlayStations got.
It's way more popular.
I know that.
It's just like I hear that.
And I was like, how does this tie in with the Mummy?
The Invisible Man.
Honestly, that's the approach maybe the Universal should take for that whole thing is make it a gaming universe.
Wouldn't that be something be better than that Tom Cruise?
The only way the Mummy is going to get better is to bring Brendan Fraser back.
That's that's the reality.
I guess.
Yeah.
But yeah, I'm very excited to see that.
The rest of the I don't really care.
But let me let me piggyback on that.
So are you saying that like you're sold on PSVR, too, just so you can play that one game?
Or are you kind of like, no, that's a lot of money.
I'm just hoping that if I wait long enough, they'll just port the PC, please.
That's that's that's a lot of that's a lot of cash for one game.
And I'm not dropping that kind of cash for one game.
I do as much as I like to see it.
I do really want a PSVR, too, eventually.
I'm not I mean, again, I'm not quite sold that any of these launch titles are like need to have for me.
But I'll kind of wait and see how the, you know, early reception is to it.
And, you know, kind of what the what social media ability because, my God, like, it's just going to be scalped up to hell.
And yeah, that worries me, too.
I just mean, it could be 20, 24.
We're looking into being able to get something like this.
Well, and even then, it's what else did they put out?
Let me put it this way. Shane sent me a text and was like, hey, are you getting a PSVR, too?
I'm like, no, I'm not going to buy one right away. I don't have a PS5 still.
He's like, great. Can I use your sign up to get an extra chance?
It's like, sure. I'm like, but actually, honestly, if I do if I do get in there to get a PlayStation PSVR, too.
That's not a very intelligent system because it should know I have never played on a PlayStation five.
Like, hey, they would know I never bought bought a PS5 for them.
Sure, I could have got one from Wal-Mart, Target, Amazon, you know, one of the other many places selling a PS5.
But they should still be able to know I have never logged into a PlayStation five.
I'm trying to think even like when I played PlayStation five at other people's houses, like in Bobby's theater and stuff,
I didn't log into my own account or anything. I don't remember doing that. I'm confident.
I don't think I would have done that. There's no reason to.
So it's not going to they should know I've never touched a PS5. They shouldn't sell me one of these.
So it's going to be really funny if I get an invite and he doesn't.
I'm just going to have to wait, you know, and see what happens with it.
I mean, it's like I said, you know, that's that's too much money for one game.
There needs to be like more to bring me to it. And I need that Tetris effect style game.
I mean, I do love No Man's Sky. I didn't love playing it in VR for an extended period of time because I start to get like the eye pull and like the.
But I'm wondering if the advances in technology are going to help with a lot of that, because I just I really want to just also like try the technology.
Yeah. So I'm kind of I'm I'm super curious to see how like something like No Man's Sky, which they're not just remember, they're they're technically calling it a PSVR to release.
It is separate from what they did for, you know, the original PSVR.
So I'm just kind of curious to see what they do with it, because I did enjoy playing No Man's Sky in VR, but just not for very long.
Yeah. I mean, there's like some of the other games that they're showing off, like Tentacular looks funny.
You're like a giant octopus thing. The Horizon spinoff looks really looks really good.
Yeah. I mean, that looks good. I don't know. Cities VR could be cool, I guess.
They need to get Mizuguchi to do something for it if they are already. I would be very surprised if to see Mizuguchi is not making some.
And of course, that's the mind behind Tetris Effect. But going back to Rez, you know, some of the other classic games, a lot of the old classic Sega titles, I would really hope he's making something for PSVR, too.
Yeah, hey, what about that Rez thing that we, you know, we were teased with, you know?
Oh, what? Area X, which very clearly is a prototype for a sequel to Rez, for a Rez 2 or a new Rez game.
Area X, if you watch the credits for Area X, you will, I know I've brought this up on the show before, but it's not like I haven't repeated myself before.
I'm going to remind everybody, if you actually watch the credits, you see at the very end, Area X is powered by the synesthesia engine.
And if you actually watch the Tetris Effect credits, it's powered by the same engine. So they built that engine to make games in.
And I really think Rez was, like Area X was supposed to be its own game, which is a bummer it wasn't fully realized because I love Area X and the music is so good in the Rez.
And this was the Rez, what, Rez VR, but they also, I think they released it in non-VR spaces as well, I want to say, because you can play Area X without being in VR.
Yeah, Rez HD or something like that.
Yeah, Rez HD. Sorry, they've re-released Rez so many times now, I forget what the different ones are differentiated, but the latest one that they did.
And the VR one was pretty awesome. It was fun to play it in VR. It's just, yeah, it would be cooler to see something, you know, it's kind of showing its age a little bit.
Yeah, a little bit, you know, it's a great game, but it's...
How about Justice for Child of Eden? You know, that game kind of came and went and it wasn't bad.
I liked that one a lot. I thought that was a really great game. And it kind of reminds me a lot of the Tetris Effect type stuff where they had a lot of that kind of earthy, you know, imagery and stuff like that with Child of Eden.
I would love to see Mizuguchi to get a really strong license. Oh, I guess. And honestly, he did with Tetris. I mean, Tetris is a huge license, but I think he and his, you know, builders have really proved themselves with that.
Like I think of, do you remember when Xbox Connect launched one of the early games they had for it? This might have been Xbox One, the line's a little blurry, but was the Fantasia thing? Disney Fantasia was the thing that they had on it?
Yeah, that was Connect.
Can you imagine if Mizuguchi had like a Disney license to make a Disney game in VR? That would be phenomenal. So I would love to see him get a huge like, I mean, of course, he makes great originals too.
So I can't say like, oh, you know, I'm not gonna be excited about whatever that guy makes next. But I would love for him to get a big, big license to play with besides Tetris, which honestly is already a big license, I guess.
So there is that. I think they will make a Tetris effect too as well. I think they have to. So yeah, we'll see. I just hope you know that.
The Switchback VR comes out on PC. I do see like some of the stuff that they're talking about, though, that like, and this is some of the things I and I sort of got it from the trailer and I'm not entirely sure.
So the with the PlayStation VR has the head tracking. Remember? Yeah, it has your eye tracking. Yep. So unlike, you know, that one scene in Until Dawn Rush of Blood, because there's a lot of stuff that's obviously in this trailer that they've done before with the mannequins where it will basically the mannequins will move if you don't look at them.
But this one, it'll like they'll move if you blink your eyes. Oh, man. So they're weeping angels. Yeah, that's scary. I want to play this game so bad.
Prince Peach Fuzz is in our chat. Hi, I haven't seen that name in a while. Hope you're well, says I'm surprised they didn't call it the PS VR slim. Cute name. And it is that is one attractive thing about it. It's way less wires and way less bullshit for your living room.
Game changer. So it is a slim but remember it and this is a big reason why you know, we talked about why don't the PS VR games just work on PS VR to it's because it's it's really rebuilt places VR and it's low key was saying it's a different type of tracking. It's not tracking through the camera anymore. Like you know, the original one was it's not using like the moves this red and blue dots. It's it's completely built different when it Yeah, it's inside out tracking. It's like completely different so they wouldn't be able to port. And they could be a little bit different.
They could probably you could remake your games, I guess using that tracking, but it wouldn't be something that they could just say, Oh, there's gonna be backwards compatibility with these that would be very difficult for them to do.
Fanara is in chat saying dreamlight Valley VR dropkick Donald, I think that would be a Kingdom Hearts VR heal me son of a bitch. All right.
This is their Kingdom Hearts VR game.
I think it was like a spin off. It wasn't like an actual mainline. But you know how there's you know, Kingdom Hearts VR 36 over to Jupiter.
For matching service
for matching service featuring true kids destination.
I thought that they had like it was either a Kingdom Hearts or it was like a Final Fantasy. I thought they had a VR thing.
There was Bobby says it was an experience, not a game.
Well, right. They're all experiences. That's that's the thing that sucked to like what was it?
There was there was a Utada Hikaru experience where you just watch them sing a song.
Yeah, there was that one game because so this is the best part. And this would be my hope if the PlayStation VR to it. I hope it comes with this.
Like, don't get me wrong, like,
it's expensive. But one of the things I liked about the first one was it came with that demo disk. And I understand that we're past the age of demo disk. But come on, like, let's just indulge us a little bit. Like
give me access to the demo cloud.
No, no, no. That got me that got me by for like such a long time because it had
it had that first stage of Until Dawn Rush of Blood, which is fantastic.
I mean, not that you wouldn't just buy it anyways, because it's like 20 bucks.
It was just such a stupid like.
Such an easy decision to make.
But they had that it had like,
you know, I'm assuming they're going to do something with like playroom with this that'll probably be free as well.
Or maybe AstroBots, which might not be free.
And then, God, there was this like flight sim game.
That was pretty awesome.
But it was an experience.
And so like it was like getting good.
And it's just, oh, and fade black.
And I guess that's how the actual game was, too.
So I'm hoping that we get some longer experiences now that,
you know, this system can run Unreal five and it can run more powerful things.
And so I'm curious to see what they come out with.
Prince Peach Fuzz in chat says Wii Sports was fantastic.
And it was basically a demo disk, right?
Well, Nintendo is so good at packaging their tech demos into like games like what was one,
one to switch was just that is nothing but a tech demo compilation.
Yeah, that didn't work out so well for them once you switch.
But then they tried it again.
I mean, they feel like more people bought that than probably should have.
But yeah, Wii Sports, they tried to do it again with Wii Play and even tried to like,
well, we'll give you a controller and Wii remote plus with that.
Oh, yeah, I remember that thing where made the controller like five feet long.
And then there, but Wii Fit was a runaway success.
Yeah, Wii Fit balance boards that are stacked up at your local, you know,
your local trade in store
thrift store, you know, it's just like, hey,
there will be a renaissance when they try to find a plastic guitar now.
That was the joke. Five years ago. Try to find one now.
They're not easy to find anymore because, you know, you go to the store there.
Oh, you got to be not being the great may not be in the greatest
like DJ Hero Controller is like crazy.
They're like seriously all the time.
Interesting, but they may not be in the greatest shape,
but you just buy a few of them and swap parts around and you get work in one.
I want to read some other comments in chat.
As Joe and Hunter Matt says, I think it was smart for them to announce this,
especially the price in this blog post.
We all knew the price was going to sting, dropping the price in a blog,
soften the blow and avoided a possible five hundred and ninety nine
U.S. dollars moment when that's like what they're asking.
It's only five hundred fifty U.S. dollars.
But well, they are selling a horizon bundle that is five hundred and ninety
nine U.S. dollars.
So there is that. But oh, it's not free.
I thought that was just included.
Oh, at least that's not the impression I got.
Of course. Am I wrong?
The company that charges seventy dollars for the Horizon Party games.
Yeah, let's see.
There was another good comment.
Oh, she helped ten said, Is it compatible with Pornhub?
You know, you laugh, you joke.
Well, maybe you don't.
But I say a lot of people would say that with tongue firmly planted in cheek.
But a lot of times the winning media format is chosen by the porn industry.
And certainly pornography exists in VR, at least on PC.
Is does the PlayStation five have a web browser?
Because I don't think that they do.
They I don't know. That's a question for chat.
Just chat. No, just PlayStation five have a web browser
because Xbox Series X still has Edge built in.
So there's that Microsoft.
I know, but I'm just saying it's not like they
they all got rid of them with the current generation of consoles.
I just thought they wouldn't because like, you know, well, so it opens them up for
all for having Sony.
Just remember, Sony does not allow adults
only rated content because that's why the ESRB exists. Right.
So if your game is really rated adults only, you can't sell it
officially on the Sony platform in the marketplace or anything like that.
In fact, all the all the big game companies have that same rule.
Got to go to PC and Steam.
Yeah, you got to go to PC and Steam if you end up with that rating.
So would there be officially sanctioned porn on PlayStation VR, too?
No. But what Loki is alluding to is there
if there was a web browser, could we get porn? Of course.
Bobby Blackwell says the PlayStation five has the ability to show
and interact with web pages.
But I can't remember if you can access the web browser directly
and give it a URL.
Well, I'm sure if if porn is involved.
Somebody will figure it out.
Bet. All right, let's move on
and talk about our gaming weeks, porn games or otherwise,
but I'm thinking everybody had a pretty PG rated week, but we'll see.
So let's go around and check out in on our gaming weeks.
Dark Soccer will start with you. How was your gaming week?
It was all right.
I played Dead by Daylight.
I played Final Fantasy five.
I am now on the next map of the game.
Cult of the Lamb, some pinball.
Played a little word scapes and kind of pissed off at them, though.
But mostly that.
And I've also taken up playing with 3D rendering software now.
So. Just. Just.
The usual. Actually, we picked up our Genesis
two mini arrived today.
We haven't hooked it up yet, but we got it.
And we're talking about getting the import. So.
Nice. It's little is very little.
All right. Well, let's go over to Loki.
How was your week?
Well, I tried to play different things, so I dusted off the literally
dusted off the DDR machine
to play some step mania.
And apparently something is up with the computer that I have in it.
It keeps crashing on me, which no, it's fine. It's fine.
I mean, it it's not the actual 573 board that's in there that that's
that's disconnected.
It's running off an actual PC right now.
It's still annoying. I don't know what's wrong with it.
There's not many parts to it.
It's like it's literally a NVMe
SSD card on a motherboard with a tiny bit of RAM and an APO.
So it's one of those probably didn't like being in the garage for years
in the, you know, the dam, the damp winters and the hot summers.
So it could be something minor.
It may even be just like the fact that the way I turn the machine on and off,
there's not like a way to like, you know, exit windows type thing.
You have to just hard turn it off most of the time.
And that can cause
file issues. The first crash I had on it was a it was like a graphics driver crash.
So I'm going to try a few things, but I may have to end up replacing that,
which is fine. I can go back to the actual arcade
and run that instead of step mania.
But, you know, I was just trying to trying to dust it off and.
Exercise like you should.
But yeah, so I did play
I played two and a half songs before it finally crashed the last time.
So there is that.
And then, of course, Minecraft is working on stuff this week.
I've put out an episode earlier today, though that's out there now
starting to get the robot masters in there now,
because if you don't know, I've been building in a Mega Man theme.
So we're having I'm creating eight unique robot masters for my series.
And so the first one, Creeper Man's got his
area being built out.
So I built a giant tree from a game I have not played yet.
Mega Man zero two.
It's I'm going to try to pronounce it because it's like Norse.
I think it's Yggdrasil.
Oh, yeah. And it's the tree of life.
And it's World Tree.
Yes, the World Tree.
So in, I guess, that game once again, haven't played it, don't know the lore.
I think I guess X has like trapped a dark elf.
I don't know where dark elves come for the Mega Man series,
but apparently there's dark elves now.
And so I based it sort of on that.
It's not exact one to one, but I just was kind of inspired by it
to make something. So I have that.
And then I've got some more designs being done.
I have three robot masters done right now.
There's one more being designed right now.
And then I'm getting 3D models made of them to put them in game.
So I have the first two of those almost done.
I've seen those, the finished models for them.
And I'm very excited to have them walking around.
My base is going to be awesome.
So that's in there as well.
But yeah, just be continued on building more stuff, of course, and
putting out more content.
I'm going to try to get some more YouTube shorts going.
I put a rendered one today.
I'm going to keep adding some more in there to try to boost the channel
because YouTube loves it.
Leverage those shorts on TikTok.
Alan started loading his Twitch clips to TikTok using some website,
and he's getting way more views on those than I would ever have thought.
TikTok is like pushing that stuff.
So yeah, Instagram too.
Yeah, the Instagram stories and stuff like that.
Bog Network has a TikTok now.
We haven't leveraged it for anything yet, but the ideas are cooking.
So here we go.
OK, let's see.
So I was just looking in chat at some of the other folks gave me weeks.
Tiger Claw was suggesting the power supply.
I don't know if you saw that.
I don't think it's the power supply.
I mean, it could be, but if it was the power supply,
you would think that it wouldn't just crash after a little bit.
It is running and like the power supply.
I think it's fine.
It could be, but typically if it's a power supply, it just wouldn't turn on.
Not just like crash randomly.
And the power supply is way over like it's like a
I think it's like a 430 watt power supply.
And it's only running like an APU with like nothing.
Like it's just it's it's way too much for what it actually needs.
So I don't think it's going to be an issue there.
But more likely, it's either why I think might have happened.
It could be a heat issue where the cooling
and expanding of the thing might have like
I may need to tighten down the the heat sink on the CPU.
It could be just I need to reload step mania again.
I have to boot it up outside of step mania and see if it crashes
after like a little bit of time because it didn't take long for the crash.
So if it crashes outside of step mania, I know it's something not related to that.
And I just have to check like,
you know, are there any file errors and stuff like that?
It could be something not a lot of parts to replace on that.
So it should be pretty easy to fix that.
There's other ideas in chat there.
Look, if you want to take a picture, I'm talking about machines.
I'll get into my gaming week.
So I went over to round one in Roseville real quick.
It was just really like run in and run out.
I was trying to get a new EMU's card
because I couldn't find my old one, which is so irritating.
I thought for sure once I bought a new one, the old one would pop up.
But it still hasn't yet.
But I went over there and they had the brand new 2DX resident or,
you know, which 2DX 30th style for us old school fans.
But, you know, they give them all actual names now.
So I got to see a little bit of that.
And, you know, some of the other games that they had there, we were just
we were really just in and out of there for like two seconds,
because then we went over to.
So this is a newer friend of mine who really follows like all these
Bamani and music games and, you know, has is a private collector,
went over to another friend's house out in that area
who is also a private collector, small world.
Somebody I met once with dark soccer
and I texted you the details like 12 years ago,
went over to this person's house and this person was setting up
their brand new you beat machine that they just got.
And so I got to play around to you beat.
And they also had a reflect beat, actually.
So I was like, this is just I was like, dang, there's all these.
I thought like Loki was one of the only people in town
that had like a machine in their house.
But no, there's a whole scene of like private.
Oh, there's lots of people. Oh, yeah.
No, I'm I'm learning that real quick.
There's lots of.
Meanwhile, you know, my friends like, what are you going to get a machine?
And I'm like, I've got I've got my BurgerTime replica.
And at some point I'll probably get a Tron replica.
Maybe Santa will bring me one. Who knows?
So at some point there'll be a Tron replica here.
And then that's that's probably.
That's that's going to be it.
I don't see myself fitting in a music game in here.
It's a little noisy, I think so.
Way too much pinball.
Oh, man, a pinball machine would be really fun.
I really it's a bummer.
Like, we have to borrow one.
Well, it's a bummer.
We have to park our cars in the garage because otherwise
I would be very willing to put that kind of stuff in the garage.
But we have no space because the cars.
So, yeah, let's see.
Looking in chat, Dr.
Seuss, it sounds like a fun time.
Yeah, it was as 200.
Matt says, I remember nearly breaking my back,
dragging why our technical machine up three flights of stairs.
Luckily, these guys lived on the bottom floor,
so there was no stairs involved or actually they had a place
that like the stairs were in it.
So you had a bottom floor.
So and that's where everything was.
Oh, yeah.
Bobby Black Wolf and chat brings up.
I played pinball this week.
Bobby Black Wolf is very excited and is writing a very large high
because he finally dethroned me from his own pinball machine,
his rush pinball machine.
You might remember when I was out there visiting, I took the high score.
Bobby, Bobby was a little salty, a little salty about that.
And he but he played and played and played, played and played.
And he just thrown my score, my lucky streak.
So he has his score back.
So you all know what this means.
Number one, I should no longer be banned from that arcade.
So take my picture down.
Except I guess I'm still I'm still the lead of the Tron thing,
so maybe there's that.
But number two, I just have to beat it at Dragon Con 2023.
I now have a new bar to hit in 2023 when I go back.
Let's see.
So other stuff for my gaming week besides
machines, arcade machines and fun things like that.
A lot of the same.
I also been playing quite a bit of Dead by Daylight.
I really was trying to grind out the Halloween event before it was done.
Didn't finish the tomes because I didn't play quite enough Dead by Daylight,
but I farmed enough blood points.
I was up to like a million and a half blood points
where I was able to finish prestigeing Hattie and Yoonjin.
I finished prestige.
I'm trying to get every survivor,
except for the Stranger Things kids for now,
every other survivor to level one prestige so I can get their perks.
Yeah, with the Stranger Things license and the changes they made with that,
Steve and Nancy no longer have transferable perks.
So they're they're lowest on the priority.
I'm putting some in Steve just to get him enough to 15.
So I have four slots open because I have a Escape with Steve challenge.
OK, so so I have to invest in the Stoven.
There you go.
But yeah, I've been been enjoying that.
I did a stream the other night to whatever.
I also stream No Man's Sky,
which I am really, really enjoying relaxed mode in No Man's Sky.
It's really kind of reinvigorated the game for me
because I'm able to kind of.
It's not that I minded the grind in the game before,
but like to have that really eliminated.
Just makes it so much easier
to really feel like you're making progress and kind of pushing forward.
And I think what I'd like to do is really kind of try to set up a really nice.
I think I'm going to even though on stream
I've been setting up a pretty nice base on a planet.
What I'm really trying to do is get to the center of the galaxy
where somewhat spoiler alert, I don't think this is a spoiler.
You unlock other galaxies at the end of the game, basically.
So I want to travel to one of the other galaxies,
which spawns the paradise planets more frequently
and try to establish a base on one of the paradise
planets in the new galaxy and like do a super base type of thing.
So that's like my goal in the game right now.
But I still have a long way to go.
I'm assuming they're going to drop a new expedition on us relatively soon,
because if they don't, we're getting to the time of year
where they're probably going to recycle the old expeditions.
So I if they're going to drop like a six week expedition on us,
they need to do it next week unless they're planning another really short one.
Maybe they're going to do a tie in with another game again.
So it's going to be short.
I I don't know what it would be.
But I mean, they did do the Normandy when
the Mass Effect trilogy came out.
So fingers and toes crossed.
Maybe something can happen there, but we'll see.
So waiting on that.
And then more Final Fantasy 14, because I always play that game.
And yeah, a lot of the lot of the same old, same old stuff.
So not not a lot of new games this week.
But I will I will also make sure I get around to something new this week,
except I am leaving town on Thursday.
This is we don't have a show next week
that gives me two weeks to play something new. So we'll see.
So I did want to mention something real quick that I noticed
and more of an observation. So
a fellow podcaster in the area that we've met before.
David Webb had his had his kid last month.
So congratulations to them for their baby girl.
But it is it dawned on me, though, that I saw a message
from him on Twitter that says I miss podcasting.
I really wish I could go back to that. I was like, wait a second.
Aren't you on the Sacramento's number one gaming podcast?
Well, apparently they haven't been doing a podcast for a year.
So I guess by default, that means we're the number one
Sacramento gaming podcast now.
Yeah. Stop starting shit.
No, because I understand that they're they're really busy in there.
They're they are.
Corey. Yeah, I always I always love to remind Corey.
I guessed it on that episode and I was telling you what Overwatch was all about.
I always love to give him shit over that.
So but I mean, in all seriousness, like congrats to the best for them.
I just yeah, it's a hard time. Yeah.
So that's amazing.
All right. Prince Peach fuzz and chat says Loki makes a great point.
So I don't know.
I guess we'll get a banner made and go to a convention and make it official.
I don't know.
Didn't what did we already establish when that whole, you know,
when we were just, you know, and obviously they've been on this or they went there
when, you know, I thought that they were on this show.
I was on that show.
Like, it's whatever.
It's funny.
But I was going to say
the train derailed.
I was going to say, oh, yeah.
Didn't we at that time say, well, we don't need to be the number one podcast here
because we're the number one podcast in the galaxy.
We're the galaxy's number one podcast.
I think somebody actually wrote that in an iTunes review at some point.
So it's fine.
It's just it's just silly.
It was it was just funny. Yeah. All right.
Let's get into some more gaming news
and some other headlines from the week and we'll go to Loki.
I want to be surprised, but I'm not surprised.
But PlayStation Plus is apparently has lost nearly two million subscribers
after their relaunch and multiple tier thing.
That was utterly confusing and promised a bunch of stuff from PlayStation
now, which I absolutely don't want.
Like, I really don't like PlayStation now.
And I think it was dumb.
And I knew that they were going to offer like,
you know, the PlayStation one games just give us backwards compatibility.
Is it so hard?
Like people already have libraries of that stuff.
Why should we have to pay for backwards compatibility?
Well, apparently, though,
I think one of the problems is a lot of the classic games
that they have promised to bring out have been like slowly like droopy.
It's like almost like the Nintendo online stuff
where it's just slow to come out because.
Licensing, I'm sure.
But yeah, confusion with the overlapping tiers
and, you know, with subscribers
over which tiers of which era of games that they got and stuff like that.
You know, apparently now
it is the most expensive tier is actually increased as well.
It's up 10 percent.
And, you know, the revenue that they're bringing in is it's going up,
but it's just the number of subscribers is kind of declining.
In the second quarter, we renewed our services
and there has been great momentum as a whole, and this is coming from.
Was it a Hiroki to Toki,
who is making his comment on an earnings call, the CFO,
and basically said in the second quarter, yeah, we renewed our services
and there's been a great momentum as a whole before laying some of
they were saying lanes of the blame on the lack of aggressive ad spending
for the service, which is true.
I don't see any advertisements for PlayStation Plus,
but I just think, you know, as far as what I'm getting with PlayStation
Plus versus like, say, Game Pass, it's just seems to be a lot less.
I guess like I kind of made a face and you're talking about the advertising
because I'm like, as if gamers don't know.
But at the same time, I am thinking like, OK, well, like right now
Microsoft is like literally running a promotion with Twitch,
where if you give and I'm not saying this to be self-serving, I promise.
But like if you give two gift subs or something like that, or you
you do two subs on that, you get like a few months of PC game pass for free,
except right catch.
It's only for new subscribers.
It's not for you can't just add the time to an existing thing.
So it's really it's really a lot a longer trial than like 48 hours,
which is their usual giveaway trial for that type of stuff.
They'll do like a month with like discourse or something like that.
Like there's a lot of that.
I haven't seen PlayStation do any of that.
So I will say, OK, yeah, that in that now that I think about it,
like in that sense of advertising, yeah, they're really lacking.
They need to do they have this PlayStation even have a PC component to it.
Like, can I play?
You did, so there is PPS remote play that will allow you
like it's a desktop app that will allow you to connect to your PlayStation.
I would run it right now and show you a live demo
because I have it on my desktop and I've used it.
However, because it makes traffic go through your router
like a lot with the streaming, I don't want it might affect the program.
So I'm going to run it right now.
But it's it's it's just like running the PlayStation in a window on your desktop.
It's extremely great.
But like they have PC games, though, so they couldn't.
They have like a PC.
They cried of it that were like I could play God of War without having to buy it.
Sony, the company could enhance a lot because they could also give.
And I said this a long fucking time ago.
And again, I don't understand why these companies are so siloed
because they can give away movies.
They can give away television shows.
Crunchyroll, you know, the things that are in Sony's wheelhouse.
They could they could partner with all that stuff.
And I think they do for trial because I know somebody is going to say
you can't get a crunchyroll trial.
You know what I mean?
Like there should be things that are incorporated in that,
like a true entertainment pass.
And I'm just kind of surprised.
It seems like a missed opportunity there. So.
Oh, well, I mean,
they'll have to figure out something if they're really interested in retaining.
I'm not sure what percentage the two million was of their total subscribers,
but that's not a like, you know, they apparently see here.
So it's mentioning a games pass has 25 million subscribers.
I guess this isn't a huge chunk then.
So PlayStation Plus last summer had 48 million customers.
I and I'm just going to say what's been holding me back on.
I've never I never signed up for the expanded sub.
I'm still on just the regular PlayStation Plus.
And to be quite honest, I don't even know why I barely you know,
a lot of my gaming is switched to PC over the last few years.
You know, again, when stuff like Final Fantasy 16 and some of the other
exclusives, I'm interested in the, you know, God of War Ragnarok and stuff.
Once that stuff comes out, you know, I certainly will probably change my answer.
But I part of why I've resisted not signing up for the expanded service
is that I just I think the retro offerings especially are pathetic
for what Sony has access to in their library.
I think their retro offerings are downright pathetic.
Yeah. And they really need to up their game.
I mean, we give Nintendo a lot of crap,
but at least to Nintendo's credit, as far as NES and Super Nintendo go,
pretty much any first party title that doesn't have a licensing twist
to it is now on the switch.
Anything that's like a game where you're like, God, I really want this game
is probably I'm sure somebody is going to think of a first party game
that escapes me right now.
But for the most part, again, if it's a licensing issue, that's different.
But for the most part, first party games are all there now.
It's the third party stuff that, you know, anything you want, like,
you know, more Castlevania games or something they're lacking
because the third parties aren't jumping on that.
And so I really feel like Sony's service
has very minimal third party representation
and it's still missing a ton of first party games.
So for me, that's why it hasn't caught on for me personally.
Anyway, let's move on.
We'll talk about what's going on with streaming over on Xbox
with the xCloud, which, of course, is another streaming solution.
And xCloud is something that you can run on Steam Deck and Chrome OS
as some different places.
And if you are using xCloud through one of those services,
you are getting a little bit of an upgrade because now there is a higher
resolution that's being pushed to those platforms.
An Xbox employee on Windows Center, excuse me,
wrote on Reddit and then Windows Central did the original report on this.
An Xbox employee wrote on Reddit that the update is an end
of a transition to a different type of streaming tech.
They did not go into the details about what that is.
But basically, if you use a browser to get to xCloud gaming,
even if that's iOS on your phone or iPad, whatever it is,
you're going to have what they call a more consistent experience.
So remember, you know, xCloud works on a lot of different places.
Meta plans to bring it to the MetaQuest 2 as well.
So there is that.
But yeah, Microsoft is also said to be eager for Steam Deck users
to access the xCloud gaming.
There is not an official Xbox app for the system yet,
but there is a guide for setting up the service on Stream Deck.
So it's not often you see a company like Microsoft
kind of embrace a guide on how to do a work around.
But you know what? They want to get people on the cloud.
That's what they're going to do.
So I like xCloud.
I don't use a lot of cloud gaming right now
just because I did buy a nice computer
where I don't really need to leverage the cloud for a lot right now.
But I like that there's a lot of games available on it and so forth.
I like that Microsoft is being very aware about trying to get it everywhere
and that by them publishing a guide like here's how to get it on Steam Deck,
like they know that's a huge opportunity for them
is to get on those Steam Decks and expand people's library.
I think that's just really smart.
So She Hulk 10 and chat along with 100 biddies.
So thank you very much.
Says the cloud is the future. Don't fight it.
I do agree. The cloud is the future.
It's, I think, a little slower to take
than maybe most people are waiting, you know, ready for.
But again, I've said this a long time.
When 5G is more widely available in the US,
cloud gaming is going to really take off.
Just a matter of time, and we're going to see more games like
you know, the promised upcoming Hideo Kojima game.
Not to get too much into what's up next, but Kojima has mentioned
he's working with Microsoft on something that incorporates new cloud technology.
So you're going to see games that incorporate cloud technology.
But before I say too much, let's go to our next story from Dark Sakura.
There has been footage leaked of Kojima's unannounced game.
They show the video with a character
who looks like Margaret Qualley, who was in Death Stranding.
And there's a jump scare that says game over
and then a Hideo Kojima game and then overdose.
So, of course, Kojima Pro requested it to be removed.
But this may be related to
when he was saying he's watching horror movies, prepping for a future project.
And then the fact that he said he is working on a cloud based
project with Xbox, this could very well be it.
I don't know if you actually got to see the video
because something really funny happens in it.
But like in the leaked video, once the overdose logo comes up,
it's on the mostly black screen.
So the monitor is reflective and you can see the person filming.
It is some dude without a shirt.
You can't you can't see his face.
So you just see man boobs like staring you in the face
next to the overdose logo.
And I'm like, that's the jump scare.
And I didn't know.
Of course, I watched the footage.
I had to. I didn't.
Also, though, has been confirmation by Norman Reedus
that there is a sequel confirmed for Death Stranding in the works.
So interesting.
Well, the game awards are going to be sooner rather than later.
Believe it or not, that's going to be in like a month.
So I would guess if I have a new Hideo Kojima game to announce,
that might be the place to do it, because, you know, Kojima and Jeff Keighley,
they're best buds.
So that would be the place to see it.
And I wonder if that leaked footage from shirtless dude
wasn't some type of early footage to practice with the game awards.
So I wonder if the shirtless dude isn't somebody that works for Keighley
or somebody on that. I mean, who knows?
Or the whole thing could be a really fucking elaborate hoax,
which sometimes these things turn into.
But I don't know that was if it's a hoax.
It was a really well done hoax.
But there are other ways to post shirtless selfies
on your body progress to the Internet.
I'm just saying there are other way.
Get get get it.
Tumblr is cool with that.
Now get a tumbler.
The debate that they tumble back in that direction.
They tumbled back into not not hardcore pornography,
but artistic nudes are OK now.
So if you want to celebrate the human form, I'm trying to remember what they said.
They're going to celebrate the human form.
If you're like, I woke up like this and you have a boner
that you're posting on Tumblr, you can do that now.
But you cannot post.
But no one wants to see that.
Yeah. Well, I don't want to see that.
I was going to say the Internet, keep your body parts in your bedroom.
Use use hashtags.
So Jamie, commute the one she doesn't want to see or anyone for that matter.
Tiger Claw on chat says, Watch the new game be Death Stranding 2.
Why? I mean, couldn't the two games be the same thing?
Couldn't it be Death Stranding 2 overdose?
I know it's a stretch.
Who's to say Death Stranding 2 can't be a horror game?
We've seen games cross genres as sequels before.
Just a thought. It could.
I mean, but I know it's a stretch, but it could anyway.
Speaking of things that are a stretch.
Is it really a stretch in this year of 2022?
Convincing me to buy it is the stretch.
Oh, yeah, they're really stretchy like taffy.
So Square Enix has decided, hey, we're going to announce
our brand new NFT collectible art project.
Oh, yeah. I know you guys are super hyped for symbiogenesis.
I know that Parasite Eve reboot.
By the sound of that, you think it's Parasite Eve, but no, no.
The only parasite we're going to be putting out in the world
is the ask for cryptocurrency and,
you know, these profile pics that you might be able to use with this.
But yeah, apparently it's art that
some sort of art project that you'll be able to.
Untangle some story and get NFTs,
and it's a big old scam sounding thing, so.
Yeah, I'm not not excited about that at all,
and I think it's stupid and I hope it flops.
I hope it fails so fast.
All right. Well, Square Enix has not had a good week
and not even Yoshi P could save Square Enix from this week,
even though he's saved the Final Fantasy franchise.
He's not immune from having some really bad trade
takes trademark patent pending.
And boy, was there one this week and there was a new IGN interview
that was posted with Naoki Yoshida talking about some things
about Final Fantasy 16.
But the portion that's gotten a lot of people's attention
has to do with his answer when he was confronted with the question.
Basically, you know, we've had all these trailers for Final Fantasy 16.
Are there going to be black people in the game?
Are there going to be a diverse
group of people in Final Fantasy 16?
Because we're not seeing him in the trailer.
And in a really long answer, Yoshi P basically said no.
In part, here's an excerpt.
Ultimately, we felt that while incorporating ethnic diversity
into vallustesia, I think is the name of the world there was important,
an over incorporation into the single corner of a much larger world
could end up causing a violation of those narrative boundaries
we originally set for ourselves.
The story we are telling is fantasy, yes, but it's also rooted in reality.
So basically, I'm going to really liberally cut edges here.
But what I'm hearing out of what Yoshi P was saying was basically
we're trying to make something that emulates Game of Thrones.
And because. In medieval Europe,
it was pretty white, we kept our game pretty white.
And of course, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people.
Are correct to quickly point out a few things.
Number one, there actually was diversity in medieval Europe.
There were quite a few persons of many colors.
In fact, a few even were nobles.
And yeah, Dark Tetsuya says,
I know Square Enix has been struggling with this for years.
I mean, in 16 games, there's been what, three POC that I can think of?
Yeah, hold that thought for a minute,
because I'm going to come back to that in a minute.
But yeah, obviously there's that, that, you know,
yes, there actually were diverse people in medieval Europe.
Number two, I guess, though, if you were to go to Game of Thrones,
which this game is clearly trying to emulate, while yes,
there were characters of color in Game of Thrones,
they many would argue they were not really main characters
that were utilized as well as they could have been.
So perhaps if that goal is to emulate Game of Thrones,
then that's a little more what they're doing.
But also, it should be pointed out.
And many people, again, are pointing out your game is Final Fantasy.
Fantasy, why are you so hell bent on rooting it in reality?
You can't say your game is rooted in reality
while you're showing off a trailer of ice lady
throwing icicles at giant rock man fighting.
I mean, hello.
And you ride giant chickens, so I mean, come on. Yeah.
So obviously there are some problems with what Yoshi P said this week.
Now, before I come back for some other comments,
I want to go to another story involving Square Enix.
I think some of this may have been from last week.
I'm going to say it anyway, because the the side I'm looking at here,
VG charts just published it six days ago anyway.
So it's it's from this week.
Square Enix president and director
Yosuke Matsuda in the 2022 annual report for Square Enix says
it is difficult to achieve growth for companies
that primarily focus on the Japanese gaming industry.
And it is important for Square Enix to offer games
that will be popular worldwide in a quote.
Director Yasuke Matsuda said, achieving major growth in the game
industry is difficult now for companies that compete
primarily in the Japanese market, given its graying demographics.
As such, it is critical for our business that we produce hit titles
that speak to the global market, which offers greater scale
in terms of both customers and sales volumes.
Furthermore, game development efforts are becoming more sizable
and sophisticated as the result of technological advancements
in the devices on which they are played, such as consoles or smart devices.
The investment required to develop game titles is therefore
an order of magnitude greater than in the past.
In other words, the Japanese market is no longer sufficient
for achieving a level of earnings that enables us to recoup
our development investment and generate a profit.
And we therefore need to approach our development efforts
based on the assumption that we have to succeed in the global market.
Mr.
Yosuke Matsudasan.
The answer is right in front of you.
Because I would say, while Yoshi P made a bad statement this week.
There's a lot of people on Twitter doing what Twitter usually and I'm
not even going to walk into the garbage fire of what a lot of
Twitter is this week, I'm just going to talk social media in general.
There's a lot of people ready to cancel Yoshi P for what he said.
And while I'm sure I think Yoshi P should be accountable for what he said,
I think canceling him is extremely, extremely short-sighted of the real problem.
And what am I getting at?
The real problem is a lot of Japanese studios don't get it.
Because Japan hasn't had a lot of the same discussions in their country
that we've had in this country.
There's quite a bit of, for lack of a better description, it's, it's
unaware racism, like they still have people who perform in blackface.
They, they have all kinds of appropriative action.
But then again, I mean, you look societally, like most of the society
there was appropriated from other places at its formation.
But, um, but, but going back to it, it's, it's a cultural issue.
It's, it's something that has to be seen through a more complex lens.
And with any cultural issue and including our own issues here with,
with racism and bigotry, you have to dismantle the foundation.
Yep.
You know, so it's ridiculous, but it's where you have to start.
Yeah.
But the reason why I brought up what, you know, Yasuke Masuda said was
because in my view, these things are very closely aligned is that he's
sitting here saying, how do we succeed in a global market?
And then a statement like this comes out of his company this week.
That's the answer.
Start there.
Because if Japan wants to, Japanese developers want to succeed in the
global market, then they also need to open up to this because let's be real.
This is not just an issue of Final Fantasy 16.
Did y'all not look at the cast of Final Fantasy 15?
This isn't an issue just dedicated to the Final Fantasy series.
Y'all ever played Genshin Impact?
Fantasy 6 had more diversity.
So there's a lot, and I'm not going to say every Japanese developer does this
because you all will name games that have done better diversity and so forth.
And Rama, if you want to call in now, I'll take your call now.
But this is something that Japan, you know, Japanese developers need
to address on a wider scale.
Some other comments in chat here.
Tiger Cloud Chat says, if it's emulating Game of Thrones, this means they also
have to emulate the sex that is associated with it.
I guess a fair point as to, you know, leaving some things out or what have you.
So, which child's getting thrown out the window or into the, into the fire.
Was that Game of Thrones or was that another show?
That gif of the baby getting thrown in the fire.
Was that Game of Thrones?
I don't know.
Anyway, uh, let's see other comments from chat.
Um, it's fine though.
Cause that child that, you know, fell out the window, you know, he'll become king
someday, so it's fine.
Yeah.
Anyway, I want to bring Rama, I want to let Rama have a say on this as well.
Uh, so I'm going to go to discord where I believe Rama called in.
Hey, what's going on y'all?
Hey, not much, but we are talking about an issue.
Um, and you know, it does have to do with the representation of, uh, black
individuals in video games.
I'm not black Rama.
None of us are.
But I will say this.
You are gay as the day is long.
And even still Japan still has a slight issue with that.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
I'm aware.
I'm aware.
Tell it.
And for the record, before I begin, I just want you to know, I'm just sitting
here, putting my laundry away.
I'm like, I got words to say, and then you go, feel free to call in.
I'm just like, God damn it.
I don't even have a shirt on.
I'm running around throwing a shirt on so I can be semi decent for y'all
because I love all of y'all.
You can, he doesn't want to, he doesn't want to make another
leaked pic of that one game.
So yeah, you don't want to have an overdose or problem here.
Uh, you can always not be on cam.
It's fine.
I know I, I kinda, but, but you know, your, your perspective for
many reasons is important.
I also, you know, because you have, you do anime jam session, I know you're
very familiar with Japanese culture.
That's, that's very much a reason.
I'd like to hear your take on this topic.
I will say this.
I have heard from people, you know, who have gone to Japan and talk about,
oh, how in Japan, they kind of treat black people differently.
I'm like, you can be white as bread and they will still treat you differently.
A lot of the issues I hear in anime fandom is that Japan does not include
us in anime unless it's like a stereotype character and so forth.
Oddly enough, when it comes to video games, there were some rumblings
with Barrett Wallace, Saz, and Shadow the Hedgehog.
So, personally, I'm, I didn't have an issue with it, but it's what
they go off of and what is known.
Now, there are some people who have started their own anime studios in Japan.
They're like, you know what, if we can't get them to do what we want, I'm
going to make something for all of us.
Sometimes it works.
Sometimes it does not.
Part of the issue is Japan is seen as a xenophobic country.
Also, Japan only does, when it comes to manga, anime, video games, they
only go by what they know and they will pull from various texts
from history and just roll with it.
Personally, I just don't have an issue with it because I don't go down that
far down the rabbit hole, because if I did, I'd probably be talking
with y'all about this while we're in a kufi and a dashiki.
But you mentioned in chat, you don't really have an interest
in Fam SE 16 at this point until it's in the bargain bin.
Exactly.
I, as you know, I don't fully believe in cancel culture.
I believe people, they may mess up.
They should be allowed a chance at redemption, but that redemption
should fall on them, not do it because people want them to do it.
Sorry.
And I don't mean to interrupt, but I think it's important to state
and to set like expectations or whatever appropriately.
Final Fantasy 16 is not suddenly going to get a black character in it.
Like they're, they're pushing that game for summer of 2023.
That's, that's not going to happen at this point.
Like just, I, I, I'm not saying that's the right, I'm just saying
that's the realist thing, you know, especially when you hear these
comments about Square Enix is struggling a little bit, they're not
delaying this game for this.
So the game is coming out.
Maybe there is DLC.
I don't know, but I think this is something Square Enix needs to address
moving forward with future games than trying to necessarily fix this one.
I mean, you could make one of the main characters black in FF16
by doing a palette swap.
Some people will be happy about that.
Others will be, and you're into the crap.
Yeah.
Some people will take issue with that too.
You know what, you know, it's worth bringing up, I don't know, but, um, I do
know that we don't know who the voice actors are yet, you may have somebody
black that is actually voicing a white character that was done in Final Fantasy
14, um, because there was an actress that played Yuri, um, who Yuri was,
you know, it's, it's, it's our rod, but fair skin, basically it was in the
Stormblood, I remember that because unfortunately the voice actors passed
away and I remember talking about that on the show and she passed away.
But I remember like that she was a person of color and was playing,
you know, uh, Yuri in a Final Fantasy 14.
So, but I, at the same time, I'm just, I'm just saying that is
something that they might be doing.
Ashley's voice actor, Mass Effect.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
There's, and you know, we've seen, we've seen some of that, but it
doesn't really address the issue.
I'm just saying it might be something you find out.
Helps like earlier, like last week, there was controversy about the anime
bleach, the voice actor for Chad Jamison price stepped down and said, I am
opening this roll up for people of color to do, you know, it's something
that nobody asked him to do it.
He just felt it was the right thing to do.
And there was a person of color as the new voice of Chad.
Black, black Facebook is like half is split down the middle.
They're like, no, this is woke propaganda.
Stop pandering.
The other half, I think this is kind of cool.
Me personally, I thought the dub was cool.
I didn't know Jamison price was a white dude.
I thought he did a great job.
I don't think he should have stepped down cause nobody
asked him to do a complaint.
But if this is what he's doing to open up roles for people of color,
to get further into the, into voice acting.
So be it, if it sounds good, it sounds good as a voice of
Jack is roll with the punches.
You know, I will say, if nothing else, Yoshi P has shown at least
here's the thing, Yoshi P, not a great look on this, but his track
record is pretty good when it comes to being educated by his fan base.
And I think you've seen that in final fantasy 14.
Um, for example, the same sex marriage, or they call it the bonding
ceremonies or whatever they call it in that he listened to the
feedback and the team implemented that.
Um, when they announced that Viera would be limited to female forms
only, and you know, that many voices, including me rose up and said,
why not have why I thought you said you weren't doing gender lock
characters anymore.
Why are you locking characters to certain gender?
And they reverse that and they put male VR.
I mean, we had to wait an expansion for it, but they put male
VR in the game eventually.
Um, and there's other things too.
And you might remember when all of those issues with, um, end
Walker's launch happened.
Yoshi P said something I never hear CEO say, and that was, I'm sorry.
So, you know, again, there's a lot, a lot can happen in the next few
days, you know, Yoshi P has got to take some time to listen to this
feedback and think carefully about the response.
Although I really think the response needs to come from Matsuda about
what they're going to do at square Enix's level to address this.
And yes, I know they, I know they have games like four spoken, but
that isn't really addressing the problem because final fantasy is
a long running franchise with a diversity problem.
Right.
I will say this before I get up on out of here.
You know who Yoshi P needs to talk to about this?
Harada from Tekken, two words, Leroy Smith.
That's it.
People asked Harada on Twitter about this character, and he just went on
into this long, interesting diatribe about diversity within the Tekken
games and fandom, black Twitter gave him an automatic pass to the cookout.
I think there's a lot of developers in Japan right now who might need to listen.
Yeah.
A lot.
That's why a lot of people of color are going to Japan, not just make
their goals and dreams come true, but to be heard and be spoken and hoping
that they work on a project or whatever.
And what happens is they can be a part of it and be more involved when it
comes to people like me, you know?
Well, I love a new final fantasy game, you know, medieval setting character like me.
We need somebody fabulous as you Rob, you know, we need an awesome spitfire
like Jamie, you know, and we need an awesome badass like Loki.
The Tsunteri is already a thing, so.
We are a party of four.
I can't call you a Tsunteri, that's an understatement.
We are a party of four right now.
So quick, which final fantasy class are you in the party right here, right now?
We are the warriors of light.
Which class are you?
Really, Rob?
Really?
Black Mage.
Come on now.
It is not just because of that.
If you remember, it's not just that.
If you remember the webcomic nuclear power 8-bit theater, put us all together.
I'll be snarky as that Black Mage.
Believe you me.
Bard for me.
See, I would have to go snarky as that Black Mage.
See, I would have to go, since I'm playing through Final Fantasy 5 right now,
my most versatile character is Lena, who I have as a Red Mage with X magic.
So I cast double spells.
It's pretty useful.
All right, Loki, you're all that's left.
You're going to have to go warrior.
We need a tank.
We need to be our black belt.
No, what do you want to be?
You don't have to do it.
What do you want to be?
I was Red Mage before in 11, so I would do Red Mage again.
Okay.
There you go.
All right.
I think like when I'm in 14.
Red Mage, Black Mage in 11.
I think in 14, I was doing a summoner.
So maybe summoner.
We're going to be a Bard and three mages.
We are going to get our fucking ass kicked by Chaos, but we'll have fun in the process.
Red mages have very good defense.
That's true.
And I'm doing the Final Fantasy 5 version, so I can actually, instead of having double cast,
I can do equip shields.
There you go.
There you go.
All right.
Rama, thank you for calling in and thank you for putting a shirt on and calling in and
giving us your take on this.
Really value your insight and so forth.
And I invite all of the listeners, if they have something to say on this.
I really would love to hear from everybody on this.
Participate at orangelandtrady.com is the place to send an email, or you can tweet us,
of course, throughout the week at OLR for at least a few more days until Twitter completely
collapses.
So thank you, Rama.
An anime jam session.
Everyone check that out Tuesday nights or on the podcast feed.
9 p.m. Eastern.
Come through.
We'll have cookies.
All right.
Will do.
Awesome.
All right.
Thanks, Rama.
Appreciate you.
No problem.
You take care, y'all.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
Let's move on to our next story.
Well, you know, it was going to happen one day or another, but Lionsgate, which has produced
the John Wick franchise, is in talks to do a major video game from it.
I mean, there's not much details, but I would reckon it would be some sort of runaround
and shoot the bad guy and get revenge for your dog sort of thing.
Or it could be like some in-depth like Assassin's Creed style thing, you know, going by like
the later movies or something.
I don't know.
But but at any rate, it's it's in talks.
I don't have much more about that.
Just it's floating.
It needs to be like the TMNT arcade game with full 90s effects still in.
Exactly.
It's the only way that makes sense for me is just like, you know, you just have constant
like streams of bad guys coming in kind of like the movie.
Yeah, I play it.
Loki, what do you have for us?
All right.
Well, old things becoming new again.
So the Oregon Trail is coming to the switch on November 14th.
So that's in like a week here.
And yeah, apparently this is a project by Gameloft and Harper Collins.
And it looks like kind of a remake, I guess, of the game.
I'm not sure if this has been out on other platforms.
I assume probably has.
But yeah, now they're going to be bringing it to the switch so we can all die of dysentery
together.
Oh, yeah, of course.
Right here.
It says it's on Steam and on the Microsoft shop.
So I'm assuming Xbox as well.
Neat.
Yeah.
Check that out.
Dark to see in chat says, I think it's an Apple arcade port.
And yeah, Jason, our voiceover guy kind of referenced that in the intro tonight, too.
It seems like it is a cool.
Yeah, it's a port of what was on Apple Arcade a little while ago.
So yeah, it'll be, you know, it's literally a game that defined a generation.
So as long as I can go ham on like, oh, yes, I can on wildlife.
That's awesome.
Absolutely.
I would hope so.
All right.
Well, going to our next story, let's talk about finally a premiere date for the HBO
Last of Us series, which I know a lot of people are looking forward to.
January 15th is the day.
So you don't always see premieres in January, but that's pretty fun.
The Last of Us TV series will be on HBO and HBO Max January 15th at 9 p.m.
Eastern.
Does that does that conflict with our show?
Did they pick a Sunday?
They sure did, didn't they?
Yes, they did.
That is a Sunday.
Assholes.
All right.
Well, you have to tape it or watch it on HBO Max after the fact.
Do you love how I still say you got to tape it as if anybody actually uses VHS to record
things anyway?
Does anyone still use VHS to record shows?
But anyway, you got to you got to watch that on demand later because we'll be live.
But I guess if you listen to us on the podcast feed, then that works, too.
So you got to do one live and do the other later.
So there's going to be 10 episodes in the initial season.
Of course, you are probably already aware, but The Last of Us has Pedro Pascal starring
as Joe and Bella Ramsey from Game of Thrones is starring as Ellie in the game.
And there are some other big names in the series, like Nick Offerman, Gabriel Luna,
Anna Torv are also in it.
Ashley Johnson and Troy Baker, voice actors from the game, will also be making appearances
in the series.
The show is expected to follow the plot of the game.
So, you know, not to deviate too much from that, but we'll see.
Who knows?
Naughty Dog's Neil Druckmann does serve as writer and executive producer from Chernobyl.
Craig Mazin is also helping out with that.
The Last of Us will have creative input from the developer and acclaimed talent behind
the cameras.
So it's not just like taking an IP and turning it over to people that are familiar with movies.
They're working a lot more in tandem.
So it'll be very interesting to see what happens with that.
Oh, interesting.
Rama in chat says, yes, a bunch of fans in Japan broke out their Betamax machines to
record the reboot of Urusei Yatsura.
I'll send you the link later.
Wow.
Eshun Hanomat says, does anyone remember the last thing they recorded via VHS?
Yes, I do.
My parents had a DVD player, but I was in college at the time and I wasn't fancy enough
for a DVD player.
So I would take the DVDs and I would transfer because our VHS machine had RCA, the red,
yellow, white plugs on the front.
So you could plug the DVD machine into the VCR and record off the DVD machine.
So I recorded DVDs.
The last thing I recorded off of VHS was from TV.
And it was when we did the Guitar Hero thing.
Oh, from the news.
Yeah.
Yep.
I was gonna say the last movie I remember transferring from DVD to VHS like that was
Cruel Intentions, which the quintessential 90s film, to be quite honest.
I don't remember anything.
From that movie or from VHS's?
At all.
Oh, at all.
I don't remember the last three decades.
Sorry.
That's okay.
Let's see.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, the last thing I recorded on a VHS was a TV special that
I was in early on in my NFL drumline career.
There was a special about the lottery halftime show that we were in and they recorded a segment
with us.
Prince Peach Fuzz says, word of advice, don't watch any VHS tapes with no labels that are
found underneath your parents bed.
All right.
Don't go to a cabin in the resort areas of Japan and play any VHS tape that happens to
be still in the VCR when you get there.
Yes.
I was gonna say if a friend hands you a tape and says you need to watch it within seven
days, don't do it.
All right.
Let's get to our next segment, which obviously we're gonna get into the classic game of the
week, but I wanted to say before we do that, and obviously it's a little different this
week because once a month Dark Sakura mixes it up, but you might've noticed last week
and this week, even though she's here, she's done a prerecorded segment for us because
I believe it's a little easier on your voice to do this all in a prerecorded segment and
you can make little movies to go with it.
We are looking at ways for the podcast folks of putting these movies on social media like
YouTube or something like that.
I don't know if we'll do YouTube or TikTok, but one of those places where you can then
watch these later on if you want throughout the week.
So we are looking into that.
I hope to have more to announce on that when we get back.
So I just wanted to get that out there.
But in the meantime, let's get to the segment, shall we?
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Today's classic electronic game is a series of gaming watches released by Nelsonic starting
in the late 1970s through the 1990s.
Nelsonic, while being known for higher end watches currently, was well known for pop
culture themed wrist watches for children and young adults.
Their early watches had LCD screens with basic functions like the time, duh, and an alarm
clock.
The company was inspired by other specialty watches like calculator watches and even cigarette
lighter watches to make gaming watches.
And so they did.
They obtained licenses from Sega, Nintendo, Midway, Milton Bradley, and others for games
and even had licenses for standard watches from franchises like Barbie, G.I.
Joe, Power Rangers, and Ghostbusters released as the real Ghostbusters to name a few.
The company was also a distributor for the Game & Watch series.
Among notable games are Simon, the Milton Bradley game, Space Attacker that was for
some releases as Star Trek II The Wrath of Khan, The Pac-Man and Ms. Pac-Man, Frogger,
several Mario games, Legend of Zelda, Tetris, and a few others.
In fact, two of their games were notable firsts.
Luigi's Hammer Toss was the first game to feature only Luigi as a playable character,
Princess Toadstool's Castle Run was her first as well.
Star Fox had two different layout releases and one of them included a headphone jack
and headphones.
Some of these games were also released in Japan at McDonald's including the Luigi's
Hammer Toss and the Princess Toadstool's Castle Run.
The last two releases from Nelsonic came out in 1997 with the last actual game being Dinky
Dino's Watch.
It was a Tamagotchi style digital pet that you could raise and take care of.
The other one was a standard licensed watch themed around Poochie, a pink and white canine
marketing sensation from the late 80s through the 90s.
I had a couple of Poochie dolls, I will admit to it.
These days, the watches can actually fetch.
Right now on eBay, they're ranging anywhere from about $45 to well over $500, close to
$600 in and out of its packaging.
One of them is a working mint-in-box Legend of Zelda, which is presently up to about $300.
And then the most expensive one that I saw was a U.S. Princess Toadstool's Castle Run
still in its packaging.
So, a few of my friends had these.
I did not, because honestly I couldn't stand wearing a watch.
But my friends would play these in class, try to sneak with getting the game in.
Of course, my other friends were busy programming their graphing calculators to play a whole
position, for example.
But I digress.
These were pretty much everywhere, all the cool kids at them.
And I mean, I don't recall them being supremely expensive when they came out.
They were very novel sort of things.
And definitely just looking at them evokes this nostalgia for me, so I'm here for it.
If any of you still have a working one, I would love to know in our mailbox at participate
at orangeloundradio.com.
At any rate, this was the Classic Electronic Game, or Pentultimate Entry.
Stay tuned for next month's Ultimate Entry.
Alright, there it is.
The Classic Electronic Handheld of the Month.
I was never cool enough to have one of those, sadly.
I remember them, though.
My friend had that Tetris one.
But yeah, they were pretty cool.
Looking in some of the comments in chat over at twitch.tv slash vlog network, Robot Giggles,
first time chatter, hi, welcome to OLR, says, I want one.
Yeah, that would be a fun retro thing to collect.
Even just those special boxes.
In the video, you kind of show the boxes.
They are so expensive.
I know, I know.
Like, even one of those Luigi watches out of the package was like 200 bones.
Yeah.
Yes.
You'll have to, the only way you're going to find one is to get like a garage sale or
someplace that doesn't know the value of what those things are really worth, which, you
know, is, you know, shady, but it is what it is.
Didi Archaholic, Hello Hello says, I have never seen or heard of these watches before.
That must have come out long after I was in school.
When were these popular?
I remember them when I was in school.
Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Great pick.
S2100 Matt says, I think I had a Double Dragon one, but that was Tiger Electronics.
Well, I'm sure once, you know.
These weren't Tiger.
Yeah.
Once, you know, these are out, then the other gaming franchises want to have their versions
of that and all that good stuff.
So I'm sure there were plenty of, I would say knockoffs, but clones we'll say.
I'm not even going to say either of that because graphing, not graphing, but calculator watches
have been around since the seventies.
And even before that, they had like, like I was showing the pocket watch, a lighter
and actually even today they have watches that have, that are USB charged that have
a lighter built into them.
You know, the, the concept of putting things in a watch and carrying it with you is, is
not a really new concept.
I mean, hello, I've got my, my Apple watch on.
Never thought I would want a smartwatch until I used one.
And then I was like, Oh, this is for me, game changing.
Like just the whole like workout heart rate measuring.
And now the, now I get, now I get.
Call detection.
Too damn loud.
Yeah.
All this stuff.
I'm just like, I love it.
So, and of course the necessary pictures of my kitties that I can look at all the time
on the background.
So there's that too.
I just use the modular ones that I don't forget when crap is.
And I know how hot it is, which is not a Prince Peach fuzz is asking doom on a watch.
Not yet.
Not yet.
But you probably do it though.
Yeah, probably.
I'm sure it's possible.
Oh, come on.
I, I, on one of like an old, like black and white Mac, I had four disc doom installed
on one of those in the lab at school.
So I could play it instead of paying attention.
I love that.
All right.
So let's travel around the industry and check out some other headlines in a segment.
We call rapid fire news.
Uh, let's start with Loki.
Yep.
So there's, um, a little bit more of an announcement from EA talking about their partnership with,
um, Marvel.
So they're going to be doing some Marvel games, including there's, I think three in the works
right now.
Uh, one of these is going to be an Ironman game.
Um, um, they're saying that, you know, the other ones right now, we don't really know
what those are going to be yet.
Um, and this is outside of the, you know, midnight suns game that's coming up from fire
access.
And then that captain America, black Panther game, uh, that was supposed to be, I think
coming out as well.
I don't remember which studio is working on that.
Um, so yeah, there was also supposed to be another black Panther game, I think at EA
as well.
So I guess we'll find out, you know, maybe game awards, maybe next E3.
I don't know.
Um, anyways, this is, uh, interesting, I guess.
Um, so you know, that whole Gran Turismo movie that's supposed to be coming out.
Well, apparently now, uh, Jerry Holloway Horner is joining the cast as well.
So do you mean the ginger spice ginger spice?
This is going to be the Gran Turismo movie.
By the way, is everyone ready to feel old?
Is everyone ready to feel old?
Spice World just had its 25th anniversary album released.
Spice World is 25 years old.
That's their second album.
Right?
What?
I feel old every time I get out of bed.
Yeah.
My body reminds me I'm old every day.
Okay.
Tangent time.
Choo choo trains pulled up to the station.
Here we go.
Tangent train.
Let's talk about feeling old for a minute.
Yesterday, I went, um, into San Francisco to see the touring production of Jagged Little Pill, which was on Broadway a few years ago.
I think it was, uh, I want to say Grammy nominated, Tony nominated or whatever they call those awards.
So long story short, I had went out to Broadway, New York City in 2019 before the pandemic to see, uh, Jagged Little Pill on Broadway.
Um, and I went with my friend, Melanie, um, one of the Mel's.
Uh, so we went out in Broadway and we saw the show there.
Three years later, almost to the day yesterday, we went and saw it in San Francisco together again.
So we got to see the show three years apart.
And there were actually things I liked about the touring production better.
One of them was the seats, but that's, that's neither here nor there.
Um, my point is we decided it would be cute to get pictures in front of the marquee three years apart.
Hilariously, because it was fucking cold in New York, I was wearing the, uh, a hoodie.
And because it was cold in San Francisco yesterday and rainy, I was wearing the exact same hoodie.
In fact, it's this it's actually behind me here.
Oh shit, it's way over there on the couch.
I can't grab it easily, but it's, it's an Atari hoodie that I had imported.
Anybody that's seen a selfie, I love that fucking hoodie because it has like the actual like wood grain on it.
Um, it's, it's a beautiful hoodie.
I'll grab it when somebody else is doing a show, a story and put it on cam.
But, um, my point with all that is I could see two things.
One, I could see the weight loss in my face.
You know, I don't always notice that in selfies of me, but I was like, Oh fuck, my face is like a lot thinner than it was three years ago.
But number two.
Happens.
And number two, to the point of this whole tangent train, there is so much more gray in my beard now than there was three years ago.
It has been a long pandemic.
You know what I found?
What?
The picture when you took me to the hospital for my surgery.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah, we, we, we look a bit different now.
Yeah, absolutely.
All right.
That's just, that's just really, really fun.
Yeah.
This is interesting to see like a very similar picture, even if it's in like two very different towns.
It's very similar to see that, um, like three years apart.
Uh, I'm looking in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Uh, when I brought up spice spice world, uh, Jessiks and chat says, I'm ashamed to say I saw the spice girls movie in the theater.
Don't be ashamed.
Don't be ashamed.
I had the best time.
That movie came out when I was in college.
So I can't even say I was a kid and I made my parents take me.
That movie came out when I was in college.
It's one of those movies that's like so cheesy, bad.
It's kind of good.
It has meatloaf in it.
It does have meatloaf in it.
It has Richard O'Brien in it.
It has that scene where they, they have the bus jumping and they, they do the, anyway.
Wasn't Rowan Atkinson in it?
I think all the, and, um, absolutely fabulous.
Had a cameo too.
Like all the big British pop culture stuff was in it and you know, and it's, it's, it's,
it's the spice world movie is still quotable.
What should I wear?
The little Gucci dress, the little Gucci dress or the little Gucci dress.
Anyway, I promise never to quote that movie again on this show.
No, I'm going to break that promise.
We all know it.
All right.
Uh, moving on what we had more rapid fire.
So like for spice girls stuff though, I still use, I use the story of the, the, uh, union
flag dress.
For me, customizing my own clothes.
I was like, if ginger spice can do it with the tea towel and a dress, I can do it.
I wanted to see that dress so bad when I was at the hard rock in Vegas before they bulldozed
it.
It's gone now.
Um, because I'd seen it there in the year, in the year 2000, literally the first, the
same trip where I was, I played dance, dance revolution for the first time.
I saw that dress and I tried to go find it when we were there a few years ago.
Again, another melody story.
Um, couldn't find it.
They moved it.
It was gone.
And now they've bulldozed the whole damn hotel.
So I don't know where that dress is now, but I want to go see it again.
It's like, it's like a movie.
I want to go see that dress again.
It is.
It's yeah.
It's a thing.
I have one last anecdote.
Yes, please.
Dan sent me a trailer for a Broadway show.
That's back to the future of the musical is playing at the winter garden theater.
Oh, is that what they're replacing?
Beetlejuice with?
It must be.
Cause I think Beetlejuice is in winter garden right now.
And the thing is, is that I really want to see it because the one and only time I've
been to a Broadway show was in the winter garden theater.
And I saw cats, cats.
Did you not hear me sing along with the entire, I know you sang along the entire, you defended
that movie when no one else would.
And I still love it.
I know.
I know you, uh, uh, uh, winter garden was where a mamma mia played for a long time too.
And Rocky.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
But, but, but I think cats was like its longest running.
Oh, I'm sure.
Show.
I think it was like 19 years.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was looking about going back to Broadway and seeing some stuff, but there's not, there's
not a lot of shows where I'm like, Ooh, I have to see that.
I still feel like Broadway is still trying to recover from everything that happened.
It's going to take a few more months for them to get their group back.
So, um, I mean, I'm not going to pay to see Lea Michele and funny girl.
I'm not.
Whenever there's a cat's revival, I definitely want to go, but I'm, you know,
when I went like Tommy was playing and I could have seen that, but I picked cats.
All right.
Anyway, we should probably go back to video games.
What do you have for us?
Um, well, uh, the Pokemon developer creatures is hiring for work.
Um, and indeed what they're hiring for is for next generation hardware.
The listing actually says research and development for other next generation hardware is listed
as this role's workflow.
Um, meaning that they may be planning a project to show up on a future platform.
Um, there, the job position is actually for a 3D CG character modeler.
So, I mean, Hey, also if anyone wants a job, go apply, I guess.
Um, but yeah, uh, and since they've, you know, been working on a Pokemon like that,
it stands to reason.
It could be another one, especially since the switches had like five of five mainline
Pokemon games.
And a new, a new one's going to be out right around the time.
Our next show is, I think, in fact, I think gen nine will be out by the time we have our
next episode.
So I'm really excited about that.
I mean, they've been involved with Pokemon since the, the get go, but they only started
working with game freak, like ones that went to 3D in 2013.
So it'd be interesting to see what happens.
I'm being corrected on my Broadway, uh, by Rama, who says that Beetlejuice is at the
marquee theater.
The music man is currently playing at the winter garden.
That must be the revival that had Hugh Jackman at one point.
I don't think he's in it anymore, but anyway, thank you for the update.
That's going to be gone in a few months.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's, uh, get one more story here.
Oh, this is about Mega Man 11.
That's right.
I want to talk about this release because this is interesting.
Mega Man 11 has now, Oh, he is still in it.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Okay.
Anyway, uh, we'll, we'll have to do a Broadway spinoff show as a different show.
At some point, we still owe the listeners a foodie Oh show, by the way, it's been, it's
literally been a year, but that was my fault.
Uh, take full confession for that.
Anyway.
Um, Mega Man 11, 1.6 million in sales, uh, with the recent Capcom data with that, uh,
it actually now is the best selling Mega Man game in the franchise.
Uh, that is coming again from Capcom.
Uh, they updated the sales figures on their site.
Uh, and this means that Mega Man 11 is number 67 overall with 1.6 million in sales.
Uh, Mega Man 2 used to be the best selling in the franchise, 1.51 million in sales.
Of course, this has a lot of people asking, all right, Mega Man 12, when?
No comment yet from Capcom, but I will remind everyone.
The game awards is coming.
Don't set the bar too high, but you know, if there was a good time to announce Mega
Man 12, I think that would certainly be the time.
So, all right, let's move on.
Uh, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some games that
are, uh, coming out soon in a country near you.
And this is, this is now the time where it's going to start to amp up, right?
Nope.
Not this week?
Really?
I would have thought we're in November now.
Come on.
We're, we're in the, we're in the fifth quarter now.
So it's, it's not a lot.
No, actually there are things coming out.
So we have a game called a little to the left that's on PC and Mac, uh, football manager
2023 on PC, Mac, and into the switch PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series, iOS, and Android.
Sifu is going to be coming to a Nintendo switch, Sonic frontiers on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation
four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
We have God of war Ragnarok on PlayStation four and PlayStation five.
Uh, let's see.
Hakonewa, um, Bokujo, Kitsuju, um, Muru or Mura.
I'm sorry.
Mispronounced the last part.
Um, that is on Nintendo switch.
Aichu, kazoo tight.
That's on a Nintendo switch.
I added that subtitle, obviously, uh, police simulator patrol officers on PlayStation four,
PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series, tactics over reborn on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation
four, PlayStation five Valkyrie Elysium on PC.
And I believe that's it for the week.
Rob, you are muted, Rob.
I'm very sorry about that.
Wow.
I made a booboo.
Uh, okay.
So let's travel over to Japan and check out the releases there.
And, uh, we'll start with, uh, Sonic frontiers on the Nintendo switch is coming out.
Uh, it says it is an English version, so I don't think they're, um, uh, uh, making a
Japanese dub for that, but that will be released on the switch on November 8th.
Um, so that is coming out.
Um, also on the switch this week in Japan, I chew, uh, in a regular and a limited edition
box set is coming out as well as Hakon.
No.
Yeah.
Uh, Boku Joe hit suja.
Mora is out this week.
Commandos two and three HD remaster double pack is also out this week on the 10th of
November.
That is all on the switch.
It looks like this, they even kind of do multiple days because on the 11th, we have tactics
ogre reborn is also being released to Japan.
Again, that one is not being localized.
It's just an English release, but it is being released in Japan.
And for those that collect amiibo, there are some Splatoon related amiibo coming out in
Japan this week.
So check that out.
Uh, meanwhile, traveling over to the PlayStation five this week in Japan, Sonic frontiers is
also on the PlayStation five this week.
God of war Ragnarok also releases on in Japan the same day as the U S and, and assumably
everywhere else in the world.
Um, there is a special dual sense wireless controller that goes with that, that they
are releasing in Japan.
I think that controller is actually coming out everywhere, but there's also a PlayStation
five bundle, regular and limited edition.
Um, I'm not sure what makes it special besides the fact it comes with the game.
Cause it doesn't seem to have even the branded controller with it, but, um, cool.
I guess maybe if you want that anyway.
Cool.
Uh, and then lastly, WRC generations is also released on the PlayStation five in Japan
this week.
One more Mount and blade to banner Lord.
It sounds pretty cool.
How about Europe?
Dark Sakura.
Um, in Europe, we have, uh, uh, this batch is on the eighth.
We have Sonic frontiers for the big three, four, uh, looks like for a PC, we have football
manager 2023.
Of course it's real football and not American football.
Uh, PlayStation on the eighth also is stray.
Uh, for switch, we have see who, um, for the three, we have Cobra Kai two dojos, which
is like two dojos rising.
Um, on the ninth.
Now we have God of war, rock and rock on PlayStation, uh, on the 10th for PlayStation and switch.
We have horse tales, Emerald ranch valley.
Uh, I, I think I was watching, I think it's already out over here as I was watching, uh,
Holly play it.
It's me, Holly.
Um, also in the 10th, we have asterix nublisk, uh, very, uh, uh, British institution there
on the big three.
Also for the same, we have Garfield lasagna party, leave out Garfield.
I just want the lasagna party.
Okay.
Um, and then we also have dark D A R Q.
Um, on the 11th, we have tactics, ogre reborn for PlayStation and switch for switch.
We have ooblets.
Um, for the 11th, we have yum, yum cook star.
And then finally on the 12th, we have Atari 50, the anniversary celebration.
Um, did I'm adding this tactics ogre that's on the 11th.
Yeah.
Um, it just looks like there's like a whole bunch of like revival series.
Is it just me or like there is a Siberia, uh, game coming out and, uh, like, uh,
like just gun grave, you know, all coming up.
It's so interesting.
I think, um, Bobby had mentioned on his show at some point, it makes a lot of sense that,
you know, we're seeing a lot of games right now that are kind of things that were developed
during COVID and the, you know, the pandemic and all that, and that doing remasters and
things like that are a little easier to do, um, uh, remote working and that whole setup
than maybe doing a new game.
So you're probably seeing a lot of the fruits of that and just what has happened with pandemic.
And plus I think the market's kind of shown that those games, people will buy them.
You know, there's a lot of us that love to revisit the classic games, but there's a lot
of people very thrilled about sweet code and one and two getting remastered and so on.
There's lots of remasters that happens as part of the industry.
We get more excited about reboots in the video game space than we do in the movie space.
That's for sure.
And what good reason.
All right.
Well, if that is it for release dates, then we will move on and get a few more news stories
for you before we open up the phones to any more callers that want to call in time.
We already heard from Rama earlier in the show, but we're certainly willing to hear
from some more people.
Just head on over to our discord server, vog network.com slash discord, which by the way,
it had some upgrades behind the scenes this week.
We're now an official community server.
Uh, so we just have a few extra features, nothing too, too fancy.
Uh, but we did reorganize some rooms and things like that.
So that way, all the notifications for when, uh, we're live or hosts affiliated with a
network or live, things like that, they all moved into a different channel.
So, um, you can, uh, you can, you know, see all that.
So, and I do want to acknowledge, I see the hype train going in chat.
I usually don't, uh, read all the donators as we go because we are taping for the podcast.
So it's a little hard to do that Twitch thing that a lot of people do where you kind of
interrupt what you're doing to thank everyone.
But I just want to call out.
I see that.
Thank you.
You all don't have to do that, but you are, and I'm just very appreciative.
Thank you for that.
Um, so let's move on with a few more news stories.
Loki.
Yeah.
You thought you could go a week without Activision ruining your day with news of maltreatment
of their employees, but here we are another week where they're still not treating their
employees right.
So, um, there was a report from the, uh, union of QA testers.
Uh, so that's the game workers Alliance, uh, talking about their ongoing negotiations
with Activision.
Um, so they've had meetings now talking about, apparently this was the fourth contract bargaining
session.
Um, it didn't go anywhere.
They refused Activision refused to basically meet any of their demands.
Um, they wouldn't change their hours or, um, out they said, or outsource the unionized
jobs in the future, um, or not assurances that they wouldn't change hours or outsource
those jobs.
Um, they also refuse to guarantee, um, require or basically include protections for employees
require reproductive healthcare and services because of, you know, Roe V Wade being overturned.
And also the immediate 10% pay increase for QA testers.
And on top of all that, they refuse to compensate them for time during negotiations, which I
believe my understanding is required by law that they have to pay them for negotiation
meeting time as well.
Um, because they're still on the clock, but you know, Activision, the Activision, and
they're just going to, they're going to wait until someone punishes them for that.
Cost of doing business, I guess.
When in the fuck is Kotick going to be out of there?
Like, I can't like counting down the days, counting down the day.
Well, it's just, I mean, you know, there's, there's new people coming in and they have
the same mentality though.
Like we talked about, was it that Lulu Chang at MERT, um, Missouri or whatever, who was
like, you know, trolling people on Twitter or something like that.
Like, I don't know.
Yeah.
And then, you know, I guess we haven't talked about it yet on the show, but then you have
everything that's going on at Twitter.
Let's talk about the place where all this stuff comes out.
Twitter.
I did have to repost that with a big fuck you to Activision.
What a disaster Twitter is turning into quickly.
And I'm telling you one day, one day in the very new feature, we're going to try to go
to that website and it is not going to work.
And the staff will be gone that could have brought it back.
So you all remember the fail whale from 15 years ago.
It's going to be back.
So I just, yeah, I know there's a lot of people looking for alternative sites right now.
I don't, I don't know what it is.
Uh, you know, there's a lot of options that are out there.
Some people are talking about, I don't know, Mastodon.
There's things I like.
I'm not going to Mastodon, it's a mess.
There's things I like about it.
There's things I don't like about it.
I think some of the terminology they've used over there is a disaster.
I understand in principle how it's built and the advantages of that.
I think the way they're marketing it is really terrible, but something like that,
that's open source is not meant to be marketed.
So I, I don't know.
I don't know how to fix that.
Um, I like co-host a lot.
I like what they're doing, but co-host has that line to get in now.
And also co-host feels really rough around the edges.
Like it just, it needs to grow, grow a little more.
I know a lot of people are turning to Discord, um, to fill that in.
Discord's a little different from Twitter to me.
I don't know.
And there's people that are going to say, I'm sticking with Twitter till the bitter end.
Um, and you know, y'all do what you have to do.
I've made my stance pretty clear.
If the orange one gets unbanned, I'm leaving Twitter.
Um, and I don't, I don't, I've, I've worked very hard over 15 years to build up a following on Twitter.
And that is very hard to do.
I don't want to be associated with that.
And no, I'm not just going to mute them.
I don't want to be associated with that platform anymore if that happens.
So it's, it's quite that simple.
I can do whatever I want.
So can you.
So, um, that, that, and that's, that's what I'm telling you will happen.
Uh, Bobby Blackwell for the good point, download your archive.
Uh, that's a good suggestion.
I did, when I deactivated Facebook for a little while, I downloaded my archive before I did that.
I think that's a very smart call to download your archive.
And don't just download your archive if you're planning on leaving.
Download your archive, end of sentence, because again, there's going to come a day when you go to twitter.com and it's not going to work.
I'm, I can, I, I, I, I would be very confident.
Somebody's going to try to fuck with Twitter on the outside, meaning like a DDoS or something to take it down.
Um, it's really only a matter of time.
So just a suggestion.
Anyway, let's talk about Twitter blue thing also.
It's just, it's unnecessary.
Like I, I would have something that worked.
Yeah.
Well, and now that there's a shenanigans at the layoffs and then calling to ask people to come back because they're fucking up.
Yeah, no, that's all.
That's a whole mess.
The layoffs in general were highly illegal.
I'm just, uh, I have so much like irritation right now.
As the show and her mat says just before the start of the show tonight, Kathy Griffin got perma suspended from Twitter for impersonating Lex Luther.
So yeah, everybody's doing that.
It's the, it's the new, the new meme, I guess.
Yeah.
Well, the, the, the self-proclaimed meme Lord apparently said, let the comedy begin or something like that.
Cause you know, that's what intelligent CEOs do when they take over a multi-billion dollar company.
And now also just tweeted today, people that impersonate accounts that don't label themselves a parody account will be permanently suspended.
Well, where did the comedy show go, buddy?
Oh, right.
He can't take a joke.
Obviously.
It's just the whole thing is just reused.
But anyway, but you know what, in a way, here's the light at the end of the tunnel where Kathy Griffin goes, not just her it's, it's, you know, cause I know she's a very polarizing people.
I'm going to say wherever Lady Gaga goes, wherever Oprah goes, that will be the new social network.
But I don't know if they go anywhere.
You know what?
The world existed and the world turned without Twitter.
You survived without Twitter.
Everything will be okay without Twitter.
It sucks, but it'll be okay.
I can't get it in my settings.
Like my settings link is gone.
Oh, weird.
Anyway.
All right.
Let's move on.
We have more stories to talk about.
Actually, I think the next one is yours, Dark Soccer.
Yeah.
So, there is a big legal requirement now that for any video game company in New York City with over four employees, it has to give a good faith salary range in its job listings.
That includes companies like Take Two, Rockstar, a few other games.
I mean, the industry doesn't have like the biggest footprint in the city, but I think it's a very good thing.
I think every company should do this is that everyone should, every company should be listing their pay ranges when they put up a job listing.
Epic is among them.
Twitch is having to do it.
Activision is listing a measurement lead role with the salary putting on it.
But basically, the majority of companies are not going to list how much they're going to offer to pay.
And I think that this is a very good thing.
In fact, the same sort of law is going to be going into effect in California and Washington State where an employer has to list pay ranges.
This is a big departure as well from the days where they're like, oh, well, here's what you make and don't tell anybody.
I'm like, tell everybody what you make and make sure that you are being paid.
If you're being paid less than one of your coworkers, you go to HR and you ask them why.
If your base pay is lower, especially women, people of color, non-binary, anyone who is not the quote default white cisgender straight man.
Definitely talk about your salary.
I think this is a good thing.
This is affecting all jobs listed in New York City.
Yes, but obviously this is impacting the game industry, which we follow here.
But also, I do notice that laws like this, because they were talking about doing something like this in California.
I don't remember if they actually did it or not.
No, the legislation is going through.
That's what I said.
Got it.
Also giving a tip that Glassdoor tends to have a lot of salary ranges because people will post them on Glassdoor and say what they make when they can have a little anonymity to it.
I know a lot of people use that website when they're researching places to work and things like that.
All right, moving on.
Speaking of Twitter antics and what they've led to, right, Loki?
Yeah, so they've led to some, well, people obviously leave Twitter, including Nabilian or Nibel, who has been a popular news source in the gaming industry for quite a while.
Aren't they one that posts insider leaks and stuff like that as well?
I'm not really sure.
Admit it.
I never followed them.
I recognize the icon, but I didn't follow them personally.
I also don't follow Wario64, but how can you not miss what that person posts?
It's everywhere whenever they post something.
When that person leaves Twitter, that's pretty big.
Yeah.
Basically, they're moving to Patreon.
Today, I will move on from both Twitter and Patreon.
There won't be any games coverage from me on either platform.
I'm not doing Patreon anymore either.
I don't know where they're going to go then.
Interesting.
On vacation.
Probably.
Hopefully.
Well, best of luck.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat said nobody wanted to pay him, so he shifted what he was doing.
There was a lot of people that I saw commenting, like I didn't even know he had a Patreon to use.
But Bobby does clarify that he's leaving the industry.
As Joe and Hunter Matt in chat says, I didn't follow Nabelle, but I respected the work they did.
All right.
Moving on, I got one more story.
Kind of a cute little feel-good-ish type of story that goes back to our roots and where we all met each other.
Of course, playing music games in the arcade, Dance Dance Revolution, and we met many great people through the years playing in the arcade.
Somebody else in the music industry who really grew up on DDR was Porter Robinson.
Things have come full circle.
Porter Robinson now has a song, actually two songs, in Dance Dance Revolution.
He actually posted a nice thing on Twitter and Instagram.
It was really cute.
It says, I'll read the caption here because I'm not going to play the video.
The caption says, my songs are coming to DDR officially.
It's almost impossible to fully explain how much this means to me.
DDR was so formative in my life that I'm certain I'd be a completely different person without it.
In fact, the only reason I started trying to make music as a little kid was to make songs for DDR.
He talks in the video about how the music, the bright visuals, introducing Japanese music, getting influence from Japanese culture, all that has influenced him.
I think we've all seen that DJ set he did where he incorporated Look to the Sky into it.
Anyway, a very similar worded song called Look at the Sky, one of his songs from the album Nurture, is going to be added to DDR along with the song Something Comforting.
Those were just added to DDR.
I believe this last week through the magic of EMUs and the internet and all that are on the DDR machines now.
So you can check that out at your local round one or wherever you have a DDR machine that's hooked up to the internet.
But congrats to Porter Robinson on that.
That was great.
As Joe and Hunter Matt says, it was hard not to get a little choked up watching that video.
Yeah, for sure.
It was awesome.
So congrats.
That's great.
All right.
Anyway, Porter Robinson is really cool.
His brother's a fucking dick, but he's cool.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's talk the listener roundtable and invite your comments over at our Discord server, vog.network.com slash discord.
If you want to join our green room, you can do so and we'll bring you on to the show.
And if you want to send us a mail email, you can participate at orange songs radio.com is the place to send us an email.
Unfortunately, this week I am told we had dust.
Anyone know dust?
Anyone know dust?
So that is an empty mailbag.
Participate at orange songs radio.com.
And if you have questions for us in chat, we'll take those as well over at twitch.tv slash vog network about anything we didn't talk about yet.
Digirama S tags me and says, tell us how you really feel.
I did.
Loki, do we have any last minute stories?
Well, just, you know, something that is kind of annoying, but I guess it's to celebrate the 10th anniversary of Candy Crush.
So, of course, they decided to do a huge 500 drone sign just over New York to celebrate Candy Crush and our dystopian future where they're going to be advertising in mobile games in the night sky where you can't avoid it.
Is that is that what an appropriate follow up to talking about Porter Robinson's song, look at the sky and see the latest ads guy.
It's it's advertisements.
We've now resorted.
We've now resorted to advertising in space.
Like like.
It's cool that you're celebrating 10 years of Candy Crush, but you know, you could like.
Who's this for?
Take out a full page ad in New York Times or something.
And then they couldn't do it.
They couldn't technically launch it from New York because they have to do it from Jersey because New York's like, no, you can't do that kind of stuff.
But they're like.
Well, it's going to be so big, you'll see it from Jersey, so it's fine.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, I do not see anybody in the green room.
I think we're about out of topics for tonight, so we'll go ahead and move to wrap things up tonight.
As a reminder, we will not be here next week just due to personal obligations.
Won't be here next week.
However, we will be back in two weeks, ironically, on all this DDR talk.
Guess what?
It is 20 November in two weeks.
So we're actually doing a show on 20 November this year.
So that's right.
And it's episode 937, which is nothing like 573.
But like you'd you'd have on Wordle, you'd got two yellow boxes with that.
So there's that anyway.
Let's wrap things up.
I want to say thank you to everybody for listening to our show tonight.
Thank you for listening us either live or on the podcast feed, however you chose to
consume Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you so much for being here and doing so.
I really appreciate you.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Oh, if you enjoyed what you heard, tell a friend or two.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But, you know, we need more voices to put out here on air.
So I really appreciate that.
So, as Joe and Hunter Matt says, speaking of a fun social thing, we got a general chat
room in the VOG Discord now where we can talk about all the things.
Come join and chat during the week.
Yes.
Come say hello.
I do.
I lurk.
I don't always actively chat, but it's hard to shut me up sometimes.
So there is that.
So.
Oh.
All right.
Dark Sakura, let's go around and get final thoughts.
What is your final thought for tonight?
I am streaming.
I won't be doing a lot of talking, but I would love for people to play with me tonight.
All right.
Check it out.
On that note, I'll pop out.
Later taters.
Take care.
All right.
Loki, we'll go to you and your final thought tonight.
My final thought is I'll be working more on my content again and hopefully going to fix
my DDR machine.
I'd be curious to find out what's wrong.
Yeah.
I want to hook up the actual arcade part of it.
I hope it doesn't.
I hope that's still working.
Yeah.
That would be sad.
That would be sad.
Let's see.
But if, you know, you end up having to do something else with that machine, I know people
you can talk to.
No, no.
I would just replace the computer.
Like that would just, it would cost like almost nothing.
Fair enough.
Let's see.
My final thought.
I don't really have a whole lot that comes to mind automatically.
I just, I'm sorry I won't be here next week, but at the same time breaks are important.
So, always take a moment to take a break.
You know, a lot of things, especially with all the crap going on on social media, a lot
of things can feel very overwhelming sometimes.
There's just a lot of weird shit out there sometimes.
So, like never be ashamed or afraid to take a break.
Mental health is important and it's okay to say, I'm not feeling great today.
I'm going to take a break.
So, not that I'm saying that that's all impacting OLR, but I'm not.
I'm just saying, you know, don't apologize for taking a break.
Everybody's got to do it once in a while.
So, take a break.
I guess that's my final thought.
All right.
That's it.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Dance Radio.
We'll be back in two weeks.
Have a great week.
Thank you to all the veterans out there because it is Veterans Day weekend next weekend.
That's why it's a long weekend in part.
So, thank you to veterans.
Enjoy Veterans Day and thank you to everybody.
Have a good two weeks.
We'll see you back on 20 November.
Have a good night, everybody.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next week.
