Hello! It's that time of year where I say if you're hearing my voice, it means that
your clock is set appropriately, where appropriately it is 6pm Pacific GMT-8, that is. Either that
or you're listening time shifted, in either case, thank you! It's the calm before the
storm in the year of our misery, and it's about to become exhausting in the home stretch
of the holidays. Don't get whiplash keeping up with the news. Before you turn on Do Not
Disturb and go for a walk, join our hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki as we
discuss the things we have, the things we're getting, the things we're not yet sure about,
starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live once again tonight with episode
number 841 for this November 1st of 2020. My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me live
here on the feed tonight is Techmaster Loki. Hi, Loki!
Hello. How are you doing?
I'm doing fine.
It is good to see you. Sadly, we don't have Dark Sakura just yet. There is some type of
technical difficulty going on on her end with the computer reboot, so I expect her to jump
in here at any moment to join us for the show and we'll get things underway, that's
for sure. In the meantime, before we get into our kickoff topic for tonight, Loki, how's
the game progressing? This big mystery project you've been talking about for weeks and weeks.
I know nothing about it because you're very secretive. You're being a AAA game company
right now and I want to tell people about it. How is that coming along?
I thought about putting my own yellow text out, but I didn't.
Oh yeah, right. Oh yeah, we'll get into that later, that's for sure.
Yeah. No, it's going okay. So this week it's been, it was finalizing the random spawn generator,
which I did, and then hooking up audio, so I did that as well. And yeah, that's been
what I've been working on now.
Are you willing to say an estimated release date or are you afraid it's going to turn
into a situation similar to a cyberpunk?
Well, I can't say anything right now because I can't really go into more details about
that either because that would give stuff away. So I can't say anything because I can't
say any more. That's all I can say. I'm trying to get it. I'm hoping to have it ready this,
hopefully this month or even, you know, definitely this year. I can't, I can't really go into
more details. Sorry. Otherwise it would spoil things.
I'm going to get the details from your kitty, Stella. That's for sure. That's where I'm
going to get the details.
Yeah, she knows I'm on a call. So now it's, now it's time to start screaming at me.
That's okay. I'm expecting Smush to run in here any minute. We do tape live of course
at the voice geeks network, twitch.tv slash a vog network every Sunday night at six o'clock
Pacific nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. And I'm trying to read
through chat on what's going on. Okay. I'll tell you what's going on. So one of my pals
from, so it was like a year ago on this show, I talked about that, that survivor LARP that
I was playing online that I won. Right. So one of my pals that played that game with
me, Karen, just joined the chat. So shout out to Karen. Karen and I never got to interact
during the game cause we were on like opposite tribes and we even got swapped opposite each
other. So I never really got to interact with Karen, but I've adored her everything I've
learned about her after the game. So, um, what is going on? So I'm looking to chat and
Karen joins and everyone wants to turn it into a discussion about the, the, the term
Karen, uh, that is used to talk about the whole, you know, uh, Kate from John and Kate
plus eight, I want to speak to your manager and all of that stuff. Y'all, y'all, how old
are you? 12? Like I thought we stopped making fun of people over their names. Knock it off.
Shame. Finally. My name is something you don't want to do to a bank so you can let people
live over their names. Good heavens. Good heavens. Where's my shame bell? Ding, ding,
ding, ding, ding. All right. Y'all know better, but I know, no, I know, I know most of the
time y'all are cool and I also know that everybody's just real tense right now cause there's a certain
thing going on in America this Tuesday that has a lot of people on edge and pointed and
with a lot of opinions on everything. So I get it. I get it. I just hope y'all have made
your voting plan. I've been talking about it for weeks and weeks on this program. Yes,
we play video games, but it's important to use those voices in, you know, what the government
gives you the right to do, what the constitution gives you the right to do and vote because
you're damn right. Government can influence what goes on with video games, right? We've
talked about countless issues here on this program, such as remember in California when
they were going to say that GameStop could no longer sell a mature game, but that concept
of what is a mature game was very kind of nebulous as to what that was. That's definitely
a political thing. So yes, politics can impact video games. So I hope y'all have made your
voting plan. Get on that. Just so you know, you know, with the election on Tuesday, if
you're planning to vote by mail, it's, it's kind of too late unless you already did it
in a lot of places. So that's why I told you two weeks ago to get your voting plan
going. But it's not too late to go vote in person. Or at least you can take. Hi, Jamie.
We hear, Jamie, we hear you. Just a moment. Jamie, we hear you. I don't think she hears
us. All right. So, but make sure that you take your ballot in person, if nothing else.
Don't actually drop that in the mail. So, all right. Good. Everybody and everybody in
chat is sharing their plans. Love to see it. Love to see it. Okay, so I think Dark
Sakura joined us. Can you hear me now, Jamie? Nope, she can't. She's, she's having some
issues, I guess. Maybe now. Maybe it'll be better. That's the joy of doing live radio
is that sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. But I see the little webcam loading
in. So hopefully we'll have a Jamie here in a minute. Hi, Dark Sakura. Can you hear us
okay? Okay, something, something weird is going on. But that's all right. All right.
Looking at some comments in chat. Black and Pat says surrendered my mail to early vote
in person. Okay. The break man says I live near the early voting place. It's been busy
every day. I've never seen anything like it. DGRama S says my polling place is three blocks
from my house. I'll be heading over after I eat breakfast. Good. Bobby Blackwell says
I'm going Tuesday. That's fine. If you're willing to do the waiting on the day of that's
that's totally fine. And we have folks not from America voicing their support. Karen,
who I mentioned earlier, says I'm Canadian, but I support you all. And Act Deaf brings
up the fact that I'm Mexican and the same goes for my part. So we appreciate we appreciate
the love from other countries. And we hope you all participate in the similar processes
in your countries if they are afforded to you depending on where you live, whenever
those elections may be. Okay. So we're still waiting for Dark Soccer to join us. Clearly
she's having some technical issues. We're going to try our best to get through those.
For now, I'm going to jump into the kickoff topic. I apologize. The webcam looks a little
weird. I just have to keep switching between when there's one person on Discord and when
there's two. But we're going to try to get into the top of the show here. So and our
kickoff topic. So, Loki, do you want to start us off on a kickoff topic? Because, you know,
we're only like not even two weeks from brand new game console releases. Right. And we have
a week. Yeah. Like just over a week. We have Xbox Series X. We have PlayStation 5 both
coming out in the next couple of weeks. So we have that coming. And we still don't have
all the answers as to how it's necessarily going to work, which is a little bit scary,
I think. Yeah. So. Yeah. So. So. Wait, hold on just one sec. Did Dark Soccer get in OK?
Can you hear us? For some reason, she still can't hear us, even though we see her fine,
so we'll have to figure that out. All right. Well, anyway, why don't you tell us what's
going on, Loki? Yeah. So we're the question's been, you know, especially with these consoles
now supporting backwards compatibility to a certain extent is, well, how much backwards
compatibility are they actually supporting? So with Sony, we're not really sure. They
said most games are backwards compatible. But apparently on Ubisoft, they had a blog
post listing that there are certain compatibility issues or certain games that wouldn't be backwards
compatible on Xbox and PlayStation. It said basically on PlayStation five, all games will
be backwards compatible, except for the following ones. Assassin's Creed Syndicate, Assassin's
Creed Chronicles trilogy pack, Assassin's Creed Chronicles India, Assassin's Creed Chronicles
China, Assassin's Creed Chronicles Russia, Risk, Star Trek, Bridge Crew, Werewolves Within
and Space Junkies. However, they have later retracted that blog post and just to basically
put a generic, you know, we pulled the Ubisoft Connect article and form regarding backwards
compatibility for the time being, as there may be some inaccuracies involved with the
Ubisoft titles that were playable on PlayStation five. So they haven't yet listed which titles
are going to be having issues on there. But I guess we'll have to wait and see. And this
is crazy because, you know, when we saw that list of what games would and would not be
backwards compatible or I should just say would not because it was very short list from
Sony. You know, there were 10 games on it. But with all due respect to the developers,
they were not 10 major games, they were games that people could kind of give or take, I
think. They were not, you know, you had nothing major on that list. But now Ubisoft is coming
out with this list. And I would say Assassin's Creed and those games and many of the games
that Loki made. Those are pretty major games. Now we're having an issue. So it's, it's a
little weird that we're finding all of this out like what not even two weeks to go before
the release of the console. Now, there could be a weird miscommunication. It could be that
maybe Ubisoft doesn't have the most recent development kits or something. Maybe there was
a late addition to the emulator software that Sony's working with. So maybe Ubisoft's been
doing their own tests, and they're not concurrent with Sony. That's kind of what I think is really
happening. I think Ubisoft is playing with one version of the emulator, and Sony's on the other,
at least that's what I hope. Because if it turns out that Sony has been kind of like,
I don't want to say lying to us, but that's what it's sure going to feel like. That's what it's
going to come across like. With the backwards compatibility thing, that is going to leave a
really sour taste in people's mouths. I just want to jump in here because I see Jamie on camera. I
want to know if we have her on the show officially. Hi, Jamie, are you with us? Okay, we don't hear
you. You're muted on Discord. I can see the mute icon. Oh, she's trying to fix it. Okay.
Try now. Hooray! You're here! The headset I'm using now has a kind of weird setup for the mute.
Basically, you know how I was using my work headset before this? I found on one of those
resale sites someone had a better version of my work mic, and I offered him 10 bucks for it,
and I got it for 10 bucks, and it sounds a lot better. Yeah, you sound great. Yeah, well,
the headset sounds great. I don't. Well, okay, I know you've been dealing with a little bit of
sick. Let's finish the Ubisoft topic, and then I'll come to catch up with Dark Sakura, okay?
All right, so I'm just glad you're here, and you made it despite all those tech issues. All right,
so anyway, the Ubisoft thing. So, Loki, what's your takeaway from this? Do you think this is
Sony's lion, or do you think Ubisoft is not testing correctly? What's your read on what's
going on here? I'm curious about you guys in chat too. I don't know what the issue is with it,
but they're not mainline Assassin's Creed games. They were the ones that were out like on the
PlayStation Store or the Xbox original, not original, Xbox Live Arcade stuff.
Those are basically the games that they had. I don't know. I don't really play Assassin's Creed.
I don't think it's a big deal either way. They're minor games. Maybe they're going to release a
different version for them. Maybe they're just working on backwards compatibility and it's not
going to be backwards compatible at launch or something, and maybe they're not willing to say,
oh, it's not going to work at all, maybe just wanting to give a certain date for it. I don't
know. It doesn't really matter. I don't think it's a big deal, but they could be a little bit
more clear about it because I know when we're talking about the other console, it is more clear
on what games that supports and which ones it doesn't. Going to our chat over at twitch.tv
vog network, Fifth Dream says, if your entire reason for being is playing old games or old
Assassin's Creed on a new console, just leave your PlayStation 4 plugged in. You're a small
percentage of zero percentage. Respectfully, I could not disagree more. Go ahead, Loki,
I'll get my content. I get that, but it's a value proposition because basically, say for example,
not everybody's like loaded with money to buy these new consoles. They're expensive.
And maybe the plan was I'm going to trade my old console in, get some money for it or sell it off
and then buy it because I heard that these games are backwards compatible on that console. So I'm
not really losing my library they've purchased online and I can use these console, this new
console to play those games. And maybe you're counting on that because you have some money
invested with this old console. So you can't really afford to keep both of them. Or maybe
you just don't want to have both of them hooked up. It's like, I know, you know, the PlayStation
3 games aren't really supported too well on that console and I don't want to have to hook my
PlayStation 3 back up or PlayStation 2 or whatever the case may be. I only have finite amount of
space around my TV. So I don't know. I get it. I get the argument that, yeah, maybe you could just
keep both plugged in, but it's not the most ideal situation. Right. And here's why I said what I
said about, you know, I really disagree with the comment. I'm sorry. And you're not alone in your
thinking. I've had to kind of respond to this a lot with my take on it. But I think especially
with this generation of games, we have new consoles that are really starting to feel like,
you know, PC or computer type of upgrades where, you know, a lot of the argument is really being
made on this, especially with a lack of launch titles on both sides. I mean, really, I mean,
sure. Okay. You have Miles Morales, which is also on PS4. You have the Demon's Souls remake. And
then on the Xbox side, you have like one or two things, but like, you know, Halo got bumped back.
So, I mean, on both consoles, I'm sorry, you have a relatively lackluster launch. So they're really
trying to make the argument on this is going to make your old games even better. And Sony's been
making that argument from the beginning. Think back to that early reveal when it was first
revealed in that, I think it was a Wired article about the PlayStation 5 and some of the technical
aspects of it. What game were they using to show off the PlayStation 5? They weren't using Demon's
Souls. They were using Spider-Man from the PlayStation 4 and showing how the solid state
drive could improve the loading times and improve the experience of the PlayStation 4. So my point
is, yes, people want to play the old games on the new console because both Sony and Microsoft have
been making the argument the old games will be better in this new experience. And that is what
has sold me on an Xbox Series X for launch day is because, again, I've talked about this on the show
before, I opted into Xbox Series X because my Xbox One is older and I never got into the One X, you
know, the incremental upgrade there. So I really feel like there are going to be a lot of old games
that are going to play a lot better on Series X. I am very much looking forward to revisiting
something like Forza Horizon 4, which is a beautiful racing game. I can't wait to try it
in 4K, 60 frames a second. That's going to be awesome. So that's, you know, to me, when they're
kind of like making the old generation a part of this new generation, that's why it's like really
dicey. I think that, yikes, suddenly these games may not work after all, but you've been saying
it's going to be better on PlayStation 5. I don't know if that argument makes sense. So,
DarkSakura, what's your take on backwards compatibility? I know, if I'm not mistaking,
you and Dan and your household is not opting into the new generation yet, right? No PS5 or Xbox
X for you guys, right? Yet? No, we're really not thinking about doing that anytime soon,
just because we got shit we don't play already. And you know what? That's totally fair. There's
going to be a lot of people that don't upgrade right away, and it doesn't make you guys any less
gamers. It's fine. Hell, the way the world is right now, the money thing alone is a barrier
for many people, and we all get that. But anyway, let me ask you a hypothetical. If you were going
to be looking into PlayStation 5 and that whole thing, how much does the backwards compatibility
factor, especially since, you know, DarkSakura, you're kind of the queen of the classic and the
retro here on this show, how much does the backwards compatibility stuff weigh in for you?
Not really at all, because I mean, I have the systems. I mean, that's the thing. I have the
systems. I don't need backwards compatibility. However, thinking in terms of the, I hate to say
the average gamer, you know, they may not have that, those older systems, they may not have been
a collector or have the capability to keep field systems, maybe traded it in to get the new thing,
and they have all this library of old games. So it would make sense that they would want
to maximize that for their user base, all of these companies, and of course, Sony themselves,
but that's logic. And they think with the bottom line, you know, if they can get people to rebuy
things, then that's all better for them. I don't know. I mean, I'm also coming from, I guess,
a little bit of an old school thought with that, you know, that if, you know, when we got our
Super Nintendos, we didn't expect them to play NES games, did we? When we got our N64,
we didn't expect it to play our SNES games. When I got my Dreamcast, I didn't expect it to play
Saturn games. So backwards compatibility is a little, it's a lot more of a new concept,
I would say, in terms of gaming, that it's a bonus that isn't required to be there.
Now the people have come to expect it. Yeah. I mean, I agree with that to an extent,
because we did have, even though Nintendo, you're right, Nintendo did set that standard with the
TV consoles, they had the opposite standard when it came to the handhelds. Game Boy Advance did
play Game Boy games, Game Boy, or excuse me, DS played Advance games, et cetera, et cetera. So,
I mean, I get it. It's sometimes there, sometimes not. So it's not totally fair to expect it as a
reality, but maybe it's also a sign of, and I don't know, maybe it's a sign of how much PC
gaming has started to come in a little bit. And I include Mac, all computers, and phones really
with that too, where the backwards compatibility thing isn't even a question because you increment
little pieces or you go to a new operating system or whatever, and the old stuff kind of works.
So I think it's interesting. Not always.
Okay. Yeah. Okay. With some exception. And for example, when they did several rereleases,
and I'm not talking about the Windows 3.1 days, I'm talking about just Windows 95 even,
you know, going me edition, you know, whatever was past that.
No, you're... Sorry. Go ahead.
But, you know, more I'd say in like the modern era of say Windows gaming, there are still
ones for pre-Windows 7 that will not run without emulation.
Fair. Because you're right. There is that whole, it's the 32-bit, 64-bit thing. And that came into
play on iOS and I think Android as well. For example, Flappy Bird doesn't play on
the newest iPhones because Flappy Bird, you know, the guy stopped making it and he pulled it and
it is not 64-bit or whatever it is. So it doesn't work. And that happened with Windows stuff too,
is that, you know, the newest Windows will not necessarily play all the old stuff stable.
So, okay, fair. You got me there. Although it is interesting where a lot of times the
hacking, cracking archivist community, I shouldn't lump all those things in together, but
the community that really works to preserve archivism, we'll say, finds these workarounds,
right? You can play classic DOS games on archive.org and so forth because people figure
out a way to get around it, right? So there is that. Exactly. Let's see. sj100matt says,
folks hiked PS1 through 4 backwards compatibility on 5 even though Sony never really said that they
were guilty. But I guess maybe after seeing Sony sell PlayStation 1 and 2 games on PlayStation 4
and so you knew it worked, you kind of hoped it would be there, but all right, fine. Anyway,
let's see. Some other comments on backwards compatibility. It's a nice thing, you know.
I'd say it's not entirely a major requirement, you know? But it's nice. I think it's something
that they do to keep their user base loyal. That's my thought.
no1special77 in chat says, even if you have the older systems, there are folks that want
backwards compatibility because they'd rather have one machine that plays both
newer and older stuff rather than multiple systems hooked up, which can lead to a cluster fuck of
wires. That is me. I would love nothing more. Actually, you know what I think one of the
coolest systems ever was? And Dark Soccer did a spotlight on it years ago when there was the
classic system of the month, but it was that Panasonic cube that did GameCube and DVDs.
So you could, or was it DVDs or something? But so you could have it all in one. So I would love
nothing more than like a Play Xbox Switch that does everything. I would love that. I know it's
not going to happen, but. Or what was, we have the, oh God, what is it? That player that also
plays Sega Genesis games. You know, I still have my tech and BLEAM. Actually,
I got all the BLEAM casts. I wonder if like I could get a dollar for it.
I don't even know if he could get that. Let's see. Bobby says I have a BLEAM t-shirt still.
I have a sticker. Wow. Let's see. Quest Buster says I managed to get a splitter that allowed
my Nintendo and Sega consoles to share an RF adapter. It was great, but the back of the TV
was like elder God tentacles. And Brakeman says I dream of a future with no cables. It's coming.
It's coming because now a lot of the Bluetooth can send a lot of that stuff. Because Alan will
watch Twitch on his phone and he beams it to the TV. There's no native Twitch app on the TV. So he
watches Twitch from his phone on the TV and he does that through like Bluetooth. So, I mean,
I don't know if the... That being said, the item to which you're streaming must also be
capable of the same quality of the device you're streaming from. Sure. Oh, yeah, of course. Of
course. And I don't know if like lag and everything is like it's one thing for movies and TV. It's
another when you're actually playing a game, especially like a music based game or something.
Lag. Let's invent a concept like reverse latency and, you know, or inverse latency as Google put
out. Okay. So the lag may not allow for it yet, but I would say that technology is absolutely in
our lifetimes that we're going to have a game console top of the, excuse me, top of the line
that doesn't have wires. Well, it's going to have to plug in. So, well, maybe, no, maybe not. It
would just sit on a wireless charging thing or so. Maybe not. I would say within our lifetime.
TVs that actually are powered wirelessly. It's very similar to those wireless chargers, but
for a longer distance. So it is possible. It's just not entirely feasible yet. That's the only
way I charge my phone anymore is wirelessly because I got a dock for my car. My sister gave
me a thing she bought and she couldn't use and it was actually perfect for my car. So, and it uses
the wireless. You just pop it into the thing and you don't have to plug anything in or whatever.
It uses the wireless charging technology. So that way it's very easy to get in and out of there. And
then even when I'm charging at home, I just right by the bed, I have a little wireless pad, plop my
phone on there and it charges overnight. Perfect. So, I mean, we're getting there. The brake man
says, I mean, no wires, not even power cables. It's a future I dream of. Well, maybe not in
five years, but I don't know. We'll see. We'll see. Anyway. All right. Any last thoughts on
the Ubisoft and the backwards compatibility issue? I hope it's what I theorized a moment
ago is that Ubisoft does not have the latest version of the emulator that Sony has. I'm going
to really hope it's that and that it's just a miscommunication, but we'll find out in like 10
days, right? We'll see. All right. Well, let's move on to a segment called How Was Your Gaming
Week? And we'll start off with Dark Sakura. First off, since we had technical difficulties at the
top of the show, I didn't really get to catch up with you Dark Sakura, but you mentioned that your
voice was kind of iffy. So you've been a little bit under the weather, right? Oh, remember that
massive headache I had last week? It was the start of pneumonia. By the way, I am getting a little
bit of lag on the line, but we've had some crap going on with our internet this week. So yeah,
I went in having that really nasty headache and it hasn't quite gone away. It's just hung out
sort of like pressure on the back of my neck and on my head. And I started developing a little bit
of a cough and it felt like my sinus infections normally do, and I have chronic sinusitis. So,
I mean, that's just saying something. And so I talked to my doctor and I gave her my symptoms
and she's one of the few that has accepted that my body temperature dropped after I lost all that
weight. My normal is in the 97.4 range. So when I said that I hit regular normal, she's like,
that's a fever for you. Okay. And so as it went, she had me have a COVID test, which I'd already
had one at work, but I didn't have the results. And I don't know about those mail-in ones,
but both of them came back negative. And the one at Kaiser, well, this is my medical provider,
they also included the influenza. So I don't have the flu. So yay. But, excuse me.
But my symptoms didn't get better. And actually starting yesterday, they got a good bit worse.
And I've had to use my asthma inhaler more than I like to. So I called the advice nurse
this morning. They booked me in with urgent care video, which is kind of cool that they're doing
that. And the lady's like, she was so funny, this doctor, when she looked at like my allergies and
the sicknesses that I'd had this year, she flat out said, Jesus Christ, girl.
So I was like, right. And, you know, I said, you know, I feel like I've got my cat sitting
on my chest except I am vertical. So she's like, oh, yeah. So she she's put me on some stuff,
which I'm on prednisone. I'm going to be a bitch this week. Just this week? Just teasing.
Just go to your house and cough on me. Well, at least I know it's not, you know,
your covid negative, which is weird because you're describing all of these symptoms that
really sound like covid. But it's you know, it's not. And she she does want me, however,
to stay indoors as much as possible to treat it like covid, because not necessarily that I'm
contagious because I am not contagious, but more that it puts me at a higher risk.
And I want to say anyway, if you have a cold, if your allergies are really nasty, and I am not
saying this, I'm not a doctor, don't don't take this as medical advice, but it has been advised
that you take extra precautions when being around other people and consider shelter in place.
Yeah. Even if your area doesn't require it. Well, and I remember that was a big thing. Remember
when swine flu hit us all at O.L.R.? I gave you swine flu.
Yeah. Loki, did you get it or did you somehow did you get swine flu and we all got it? No,
so somehow you didn't get it. No, I don't think I did.
So, OK, so I don't know if I actually gave you swine flu and if I did, I'm sorry, but it's still
funny. It's whatever at this point, you know, I'm I'm still here to tell the tale. So it's one of
those things where and the reason why I bring it up is I remember a big thing with that is
you really had to protect yourself. And I remember when they pulled me out of work for a week,
even though I was feeling fine at that point, like the symptoms were long gone.
But it was all about it wasn't about me giving it to other people. It was about secondary
complications coming into me because, you know, I was I was teaching classes of 30 adults at the
time and you could easily catch something that could have made it a lot worse. So,
well, and, you know, I didn't even have any idea that I had it until you got it
because you were pretty much the only other person that I had hung around.
Yeah. And I don't know where I got it from. I mean, I went to back when they were still open.
I went to Sam's, the kosher deli. Yeah, it was years and years ago. So who knows?
It was it was just one of those things. And now it's like, because it can stay airborne for so
long and they're learning so much more about it. And I say that they should have been paying
attention to the mass culture in Japan and other Asian countries because they had the right idea
when you're sick, you wear the mask because you don't want to share it. And hey, people at work
usually give me weird looks that if I had a cough, I was always wearing a mask, but no one
around me would get sick. I thought that would be one of those things like when they talk about the
new normal, what it looks like after COVID is over. I thought our culture would kind of adopt
that take where like, yes, you wear a mask if you're sick. But now we have this whole problem.
And I don't want to go down this path here tonight. But you all know there's the anti-mask
movement and that whole thing. Right. So I don't know if that's really going to be there or not,
but I don't know. It's going to be interesting. Speaking of COVID though, I will say real fast
and I will thank again, you guys know I'm on the last episode of OLR, Shane was here. So I'm sure
some of y'all are curious how he is doing. And if he's in chat, please speak up and speak for
yourself, sir. But last I talked to him, he's doing a lot better. So that's yay, good news.
But he does say some symptoms are still lingering. I think he said it was like, I'm at 85%
and the doctor says that some of these symptoms can go on for a long time. Like he might be short
that 15% for months, which is really unfortunate. But I believe he has said to me something along
the lines of he'd rather have that than a hospital visit. So and I imagine if I had
COVID that my take on that would be very, very similar. So interesting take on the mask thing
in chat over twitch.tv slash vog network, as Joe and under Matt says, I for sure want to wear a
mask at conventions. Act Def says yeah, with the swine flu, it was more about getting worse by
catching something else. And I think I've talked about this several years ago. But I actually lost
a friend and she was only 24. And I did lose her to swine flu. It was a very different situation
from what we're dealing with now with COVID. But she caught it very early. She was in with
the whole thing. She was in Vegas for a mutual friend's 21st birthday. And look,
y'all know what happens in Vegas on people's 21st birthdays. I don't got to get into detail,
but it would be very easy to probably catch something. But what happened to her is that,
you know, she had swine flu, she was the first person in the entire county where we live to have
it. And then she caught something secondary. And that's what and it was so early on that they
didn't really I don't think they knew that that's what was happening. And that's why people were
passing. And then by the time she actually passed on the anniversary of this show, June 23rd.
So not to be a downer, but it's the reality of the situation. But by the time-
I lost friends with COVID.
Yeah, yeah. By the time October came around, which I think was the timeframe you and I got it,
maybe it was November, October, November, it was like doctors knew what to do. They knew to give
out the Tamiflu to prevent a secondary infection. They knew what to do better. And that's what's
made this whole COVID thing a little bit scary is that they really still aren't sure how to treat it.
And I think some people had a lot of hope when you know who the big one got, you know,
COVID and had that whole Regeneron thing. But now they're even saying it just came out this week.
Regeneron is probably not like they canceled the trial of that or put it on hold or something.
It's probably not what they thought it was. So that's what made that they still don't
really know how to treat it. And that's an issue.
The thing that people like my mother don't seem to understand is that like,
oh, they keep putting out something new every day. Well, that's fucking science.
Yeah, that's science.
When science finds out that it's wrong, it does the opposite of what all of these anti-massacre
people do and actually learns and puts out new evidence and says, hey, we were wrong about this.
Stop doing this. Here is the right thing. It's integrity. Science has to have that kind of
integrity to be what it is. I mean, it's always changing. I'm trying to think, like 20 years ago,
we thought dinosaurs were big lizards and now we know they're giant chickens.
Yes. I mean, imagine living in a time frame when you realize, thanks to science, that this whole
time the earth is actually round. It's now been signed. Of course, some people still haven't
figured that out, I suppose. But for the most part, we all agree the earth is round because
science has proven that. Right. So, you know, you're right. Science does change. We find new
things, you know, the periodic table of elements. Sometimes we find new elements. It's exciting.
I mean, it's certainly not the thing that we had in science class and, you know, back in the day
when we were, you know, not before I was so decrepit. All right. Anyway, it's not to be
too tangenty, but it happens here on OLR sometimes. Back to gaming weeks. Let's talk
about our gaming weeks. Dark soccer. How was your gaming week? Well, of course, there was
Animal Crossing, but I did a completely different kind of game. Ooh. Yeah. And hey, if you can talk
about Survivor, I can talk about GISH. Shout out to Karen if she's still out there. Yeah. So GISH
is the, it stands for the Great International Scavenger Hunt. And it was arranged by Misha
Collins, who played Castiel on Supernatural, who is honestly a very decent human being, a really,
really good person. I think that show's been on since they thought the earth was flat, right?
That show's been on forever. Three episodes left, Rob. Okay. But it's been on forever. I'm not,
like, stop making me want to cry. I'm sorry, but it has been on forever. So nice. Even if they're
like, we could just keep doing this or we could stop on a high note. So yeah, but at any rate,
it's, and this one was a mini hunt. It was just over a weekend, but usually it's over a whole
week and you're given a list and they add stuff to the list during the week to just keep challenge
going. But you're awarded certain points for certain crafting things, right? So, and now that
the thing is over, I can actually show some of the things I worked on. Just real quick, I'm going to
step away. I have to deal with a smoosh situation. I'll be right back. Keep talking and move on to
Loki if I'm not back in time. All right. So, so basically what I, you know, it's different
crafting things. Sometimes it's baking, sometimes it's makeup. A lot of the different things in
there are going to be things like charity work. Like one of the things on there that I desperately
wanted to do was get my neighbors to contribute food to a food bank so that I could deliver it
and do a picture of me delivering it. But I have the Lurgee, so that was out. So, you know,
they're like, I have some pictures up here and I'm going to go ahead and link them in the chat room,
but it's on my Twitter at DarkSakura, S-A-K-U-R-A. So, one of the challenges was to make a gory
pastry so that when you cut it, it oozes blood. And so I made little strawberry hand pies, but
I had like a different, what's the word I'm thinking, rehydrated strawberries from
freeze-dried strawberries so that they kind of had this gummy texture to it. And I have that
seeping out of the little pocket pie. And then another one had to be a villain from a horror
movie cutting out coupons at the kitchen table. So I did Sadako. Yeah, you should see the pictures.
And I'll put up my other one because I misread that it had to be at the kitchen table. So I had
to redo my initial picture, but Dan took one of me in front of a static TV. So that was pretty
funny. But yeah, this one I had to do by myself because he wasn't here. So it's one of my black
wigs backwards and wearing like the leftovers from my Project Nunway outfit. And then, you know,
I had to pull some junk mail out to do it. And then another one was, if you have a friend that
lives far away, it's doing it like a cheer up jar for their mental health. And Becky moved
really far away for me. I mean, I have a difficult time getting out to see her. So I took these
little Maneki Neko cards that I had and put like a different, you know, like, hey, remember to
breathe, drink your water. On my picture I have, ugh, is a valid emotion. And another one says,
make today your bitch, you're lovely, you lovely hurricane. I added in some chocolate and some of
those C's lollipop minis. And there's also another letter in there that's like the open on a really,
really terrible day. And since Becky did come over last night, since I wasn't contagious or anything,
I was able to give it to her in person. And another one was-
I didn't know she moved. You said she moved?
Well, yeah, she moved out to Carmichael.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Yeah. But for me where I am, that's-
Yeah.
That's just, look, she bought her grandparents' house.
Oh, nice. Okay.
So the other one, instead of Elf on a Shelf, we did Ghoul on a Stool. And since ghouls look like
humans in the supernatural universe, I took one of my ball-jointed dolls and put her in a chair
on a stool holding a knife. So, I mean, those are some of the examples. You know, I also wrote a
Black Lives Matter haiku. I'll put that up as well. I did it, you know, and I made it look like
one of those inspirational quote things. But yeah, it's really good. Like one person did,
like, they had this, like, the Gish Mystery House type of thing. And it started off with
Misha and his son West at the Winchester Mystery House, you know, doing a flashlight tour
with clues. And one of the big clues was, like, another thing that we had to do. And it
was, like, using, like, code 13, but then on different lines and everything. It was pretty
cool. So someone had to build an expansive mansion in honor of the Winchester Mystery House
at a gingerbread. And someone did it. And I was actually on the live call where one of these
people presented it. It was absolutely amazing. I mean, it's, like, worth 130 points. The biggest
thing that I did was a video of myself casting a spell to revive my inner child that, of course,
didn't work because my inner child never died. So it's really good. And, of course, he's also
on the board for Random Acts.org. And so they have, like, a fundraiser right now through
GoFundMe to change a life. And so, of course, challenges involve donating to that and getting
10 other people not in your team to donate to that. I was on a team, by the way, me doing a team
effort. Go fig. But it was really good. It felt good to do something. And on top of that, it was
all perfectly socially distant friendly. It was little ways for people to be a part of things.
Now, when you sign up for it, you have two tiers. There is a $19 tier that's just, you know,
do the hunt. You're buying into it. And it's a fundraiser. It's for a good cause.
I actually, since this is going to be my first one and I wanted to do something really good,
I did the $99 tier. Well, because I also got bonus and reasons. I just have-
You don't have to just... It's your money. Spend it how you want.
Yeah. But most of the time, I don't have that to do. So it felt really good to do it. And I'm
going to get a bunch of goodies in the mail, so whatever. But it was... I got to meet new people.
I have two new Facebook buddies out of it. And it's people all over the country and the world,
really, who are coming together for a common cause to have fun together and ultimately to be kind.
And that to me... And it's something that they've been quoting from Biden is that... And I'm not
trying to sway anybody, but in voting, empathy is on the line. The character of the nation is on the
line. And if we can start individually, each one of us just doing different little kind things
during the day. Even if it's telling a stranger they have a cute shirt.
But six feet away.
At six feet away, yes. Or like today when I was leaving the pharmacy to get my meds,
there was a security guard just sitting by herself kind of forlornly looking out the window. And I
stopped across the desk. It was actually a good six foot distance. And I just asked her how she
was doing today. Hope she had a great rest of her weekend. And she lit up. And for some people,
that's all it takes. If you have an elderly neighbor in your neighborhood,
bake cookies and take it to them unless they're diabetic and then bring them chicken.
But there's different things that you can do. And I absolutely suggest checking out randomax.org
and checking out GISH. I think it's GISH.org, G-I-S-H. But definitely check them out. Run by
amazing people. All of them. And it's a lot of fun. And you get to flex your creative muscles.
And the community is just really, really supportive and really wonderful. Even if
you're on a different team, people who did the hunts in previous years will give you great
advice. They're absolutely amazing. And then Animal Crossing. That's my favorite.
Of course. Of course. All right. Loki, how about you?
And I did play Pirates of the Caribbean pinball finally.
Oh, where at?
It's pretty at my house.
Oh, not lucky. Nice.
Dan sold a few tables for it.
Ah, OK. Nice.
And we just picked up Monster something. I don't think it's one of the Elvira ones.
It's like, I think it's Monster Mash or something. So we just got that anyway.
All right. We'll move on to Loki. Loki, how was your gaming week?
Non-existent, really. Because like I said, I've been working on my game mostly.
I played a little bit of Orna, but that's pretty much it was just that.
But yeah, I really wish I could tell you what I was working on.
Have video already. I can't show you. So I'm sorry.
Why not? I'm starting to get on Bobby's side with this. Why not?
The only person stopping that is you.
That's where you're wrong. So.
Oh, OK. Interesting. All right. All right. Well, OK. So you've been working on your game.
We're waiting for that. All right. So my gaming week. So a lot of stuff that I usually play,
you know, I was I was I was out doing Ingress. I was doing my my cemetery creeping today.
And I realized pretty early on today was a bad day to do the portal scanning because oops,
today also happens to be Dia de los Muertos. And so the cemetery I went to, because my genius ass
picked a Catholic cemetery today, it was very crowded. And so there wasn't a lot of portal
scanning to be done, because while I will while I will creep at the cemetery, I'm not going to
totally creep at the cemetery. So there's that act. Act is clarifying it is tomorrow and today
is the day of all saints. Thank you. I suppose because it is still the weekend here, there's
probably a lot of people that are using today. You know what I mean? So that whole thing. So.
All right. So let's see. So I did that and I was playing Pokemon Go and I was getting infuriated
by a quest line because there's a quest line that you have to get nine nice throws in a row.
And you would think that isn't too hard because that's when the circle is full size. Not too bad.
It was like, try it, try it, because it's it's because what happens is that the monster will jump
or it'll move. And so you thought you had a nice throw and then it gets away. So I complained on
Twitter. And what do you know? Complaining on Twitter works. And what I mean is somebody told
me how to cheat and it works. And I'm not going to apologize for it because that task was
impossible. So y'all want to know how I cheated? OK. Yeah, of course you do. OK, so here's the
deal to get nine nice throws in a row. You want to build up a streak on your own like four or five.
But here's what you do. Once you get to about five. Tap on the Pokemon, you're going to catch
enable airplane mode, make your throw. If you get a nice throw, turn airplane mode off and reconnect.
If you don't get a nice throw and you botch it, close the app immediately without turning
airplane mode off. It worked. I got my nice throws in a row and I was so mad because I had a streak
going. I was on like eight. But what happened is that when I went to swipe to turn, because I do
the quick swipe to turn on airplane mode and the whole thing. When I did that swipe, you know what
happened? I threw the pokeball instead. It was a floop and I was like motherfucker. And of course,
it broke my streak because I wasn't able to turn on airplane mode. I accidentally threw the damn
ball. So I was punished for cheating. OK, I was punished once, but then I got it and cheating
worked. Yay. All right. So let's see. There was that. And then the other big news in my gaming
world. I got my 4K TV on Friday. So I have a brand new TV. And so I was firing up some old
games. Although I kind of realized like, OK, on the PlayStation 4 Pro, there actually aren't a ton
of 4K games. There's just a sizable amount, but not a ton of stuff that like like not like there's
stuff like in there like Call of Duty that I don't really play. But Tetris Effect is in there. So
that was the first game I played in 4K was Tetris Effect. And I will say it is it is a lot. It was a
sharper. And I think I'm probably noticing the HDR stuff more because the colors are a lot more
vibrant than what I remember from before. And it's not and I wouldn't say it's like a huge
upgrade. It's not like going from standard definition to high definition. Remember how
that all blew our minds the first time? It's not quite that big of an upgrade. But I was I was
still pretty I was like, OK, this is cool. And plus, my new TV is five inches bigger.
And when it comes to TVs, size is everything like that. Five inches made a big difference.
So I was pretty impressed with that. So, yeah. And Bobby Blackwell says, if you have God of War
or Horizon Zero Dawn, those are the PS4 Pro showcase games to me. Horizon Zero Dawn is on
my list to look at this week. I was like halfway through the game and then I stopped. So I'd
probably have to start over because that's just how I play things. But I want to check that one
out. But I am really excited for Xbox Series X coming soon, where now everything will be in 4K
and the frame rate. And I'm just really looking forward to that. But that caused me to play like,
did you know Sonic Mania is in 4K? I actually played that. And yes, in all its great retro
pixelated glory, 4K glory. It was cool. And then what else did I play? Velocity 2X. I just randomly
came across it. I just wanted to hear the music. So I played the game again. And one other thing I
will mention, I don't always like to base my decision of a game off the demo, but it's the
second time I'm doing it in less than a month. Because remember I played that Kingdom Hearts
Melody of Memories demo and it's not good. I'm sorry. Not sorry. It's not good. Bobby
Blackwell does this on his show. He based Ni No Kuni. He did that off that demo. So if Bobby
can do it, I can do it. And so there's another game I played this week where I'm like, I don't
know if I want to play this based off the demo. And this is really going to surprise you. You guys
ready for it? Hyrule Warriors Calamity Age is not great. Sorry about it. It's as good as it
would normally be on a, like, it's, it's the dinosaurs. I mean, it's as good as it normally
is. My kids love it. It's not like the frame rate is not great. The pop in is really bad.
The textures are not like, and it just like, honestly, when I was playing it, I was like,
the original was more interesting to me when I was experiencing that for the first time.
Yikes. I don't know if that's the limitations of the Switch. The game may not be fully optimized
yet either. I don't know. I did appreciate that they're trying to do new things to it. It is very
tied into Breath of the Wild and that lore. And it's very, very obvious. I don't think I can
justify dropping $60 on it on release. So, uh oh. So, uh, yeah. So in chat, I will be picking
it up because as of right now, my son is still playing. He's been playing it for like the last
hour or two, um, on TV. So yeah, I'll probably pick it up. You know what? You can disagree with
me. That's fine. You know what? I played Ni No Kuni and I liked it. So sometimes we're going
to disagree with opinions and you will probably enjoy. There will be many people that will enjoy
Hyrule Warriors and disagree with my opinion. I was just not, the demo did not excite me like I
thought it would. And to be fair, uh, the whole Dynasty Warriors series has kind of gone down
since 9. They've gotten really sloppy and like, it's just all over the place. So I heard the first
Hyrule Warriors is pretty good. So I mean, I enjoyed it. I played a lot more of that game
than you guys would think. I don't know. Maybe it's just a demo. Maybe it's early. And that's
why you would want to be, I would think you'd want to put your first, your best foot forward,
but you think it's in Tecmo Koei and they just do whatever they want. But, um, I don't know. Well,
I'll probably pick it up either way. My kids don't care. All right. That's fine. You know what? And
you know, I liked a lot of crap games when I was a kid too. I still stand by Friday the 13th on NES.
It was a good game, dammit. All right. But that's my kid talking. All right. Let's move on. Let's
talk about other stuff. That's it for our gaming weeks. I don't really have a lot of like housekeeping
or other announcements. No time off for the foreseeable future. No time off for anybody.
No, but I mean, you know, the holidays are not on Sundays this year and so forth. I don't know. I
don't have any out of town trips planned. Um, cause you know, with the pandemic and all, it's,
uh, not something we're doing very often. So there's that. So we'll move on. Let's get into
what's going on in the gaming world right now. And we'll start with Loki. Who's going to talk about
other Nintendo stuff. Direct. So, uh, we had a direct mini, uh, this week and they talked about
some new games coming to the switch and some, uh, mini, uh, announcements here. So of course,
one of the things they talked about was the Hyrule warriors, Age of Calamity free demo,
which is out now, check it out. Game comes out on the 20th. And, um, one thing that was kind
of interesting that they also talked about, which we didn't really get so much over here,
but it was definitely a thing that's been in Japan and other regions is cloud streaming.
So control is now out on the switch via cloud streaming, uh, assesses Crete Odyssey came out
in Japan like that, where you could play the game via cloud streaming because the hardware itself
can't really handle running the actual game, but it is interesting to see this being, um,
offered for yet another game. I would hope that would seem more kind of come that way.
Um, they showed off some more of, um, immortals Phoenix rising, running on the switch. Uh,
they talked about bravely default, uh, which is now coming out February 26th,
briefly default two, I should say, um, story of seasons is getting a sequel on the switch,
a story of seasons, pioneer of pioneers of all of coming out March 23rd. Uh, they talked about
no more heroes three, which is going to be coming out sometime, uh, next year. And then also, uh,
no more heroes one and two, um, are out now on the switch. So that was kind of a surprise
announcement as well. Uh, hit man three is also going to be coming, uh, to the switch
also with that cloud streaming. So that's also very interesting. Um, a game made by how laboratory
called part-time UFO, which I believe was a port of a mobile game is coming out soon. I think it's
already out. And, uh, what else? Uh, Tropico six coming to, uh, the switch getting important for
that, uh, uh, surviving it aftermath coming spring 2021. That's also another port. And in Grifflands
sometime next summer is when that's coming out. And so, and they said, this is the last one of
the year, right? So there's no more, no more announcements for 2020 after this. So, and in fact,
a lot of this stuff was for 2021. So, um, that's, that's it. So I got to say Nintendo's holiday
is, I mean, we knew this was going to be the case, but Nintendo's holidays looking a little thin.
Um, but I don't think that's going to stop the switch from selling. And I think
with the pandemic and everything going on, it's a understandable. And B I think they're,
they're going to be fine. I think they're still going to sell a ton of switches, just people that
extra one or a new one for their household. So they can play animal crossing for the first time
or the impressive library of games that switch already has. So I don't think Nintendo is exactly
going to struggle, but I think there's a lot of fans that are like, ah, I was hoping for
something a little bigger than maybe, you know, a new Hyrule warriors and some Wii U ports. Oh,
and a new Pikmin, I guess just came out this week, but that's also not for everybody. Right.
So, yeah. Yeah. All right. Um, I mean, Pikmin releases came, they really have, I mean,
come on, give, give some of the other series, some love F zero earthbound. All right. Uh,
but, uh, I would, I would say that the control thing was pretty surprising in the cloud gaming.
Have they, I guess they have done that here in the U S right. One of the resident evils they
did on the cloud gaming, didn't they? But yeah, seven, I thought, um, or yeah, seven,
didn't they bring it? I thought that was in, I can't remember some are only in Japan and I know
that this has been the thing in Japan for a little bit because we were kind of commenting on it that
like, oh, that's interesting. And I wonder when they'll bring that over here. Well, here we go.
Now we're seeing it with control. Um, okay. So Bobby has confirmed me. This is the first time
that the U S has had streaming for switch. So I I'm crossing the wires in my head and I, I gave
the resident evil thing, a U S release when we didn't actually have one. Um, but I do want to
say, uh, dark Tetsuya was talking about that demo of control saying it's only the first 15 minutes,
but it seemed to play just fine, but that's actually really good because that also kind
of lets you gauge, is this going to work for me or not? And so you can kind of see if that cloud,
as I've actually think that's a really cool, uh, thing that they did to do that demo,
to allow you to see is streaming going to work for you. So, so I wonder how far away are we from,
uh, X cloud support on the switch. You're not the first to suggest that I, I would be so
curious if that is really a thing. I know Microsoft would do it. I know they would,
but it would Nintendo. That's the huge question mark. Uh, we'll see, uh, orange right in chat
says I did try it out a little bit just to see if it will work on my connection. It did. Uh,
they've been doing cloud games in Japan, assassin's creed, one of them, uh, those,
that comment again from orange right in our chat over at twitch.tv slash a fog network.
So the cloud gaming thing is, is very interesting and you're right. It's, it's going to open the
door to other things. I mean, you, you say X cloud, but we could also maybe have Luna
on the Nintendo platform. We could have, um, uh, stadia, LOL, maybe, uh, why not tell, tell me,
I can think of more reasons why yes than why no, especially from a technical perspective at this
point. So we'll see what happens. It'd be very interesting. I'll be curious if Nintendo wants
to adopt this streaming thing in their own games. That's what I'm really curious about.
We'll see, like offer them on other platforms outside of the switch. No, uh,
deliver other technical experiences and other things via cloud-based gaming,
like allowing them to push what the system can do even further through the cloud. Perhaps when
switch pro becomes a reality that a person with a regular switch could still experience switch pro
games. Thanks to the magic of the cloud. I, I it's a tall order from Nintendo who sometimes
seems to lag behind, but Nintendo also has this random ability to get these random things right
on the money. For example, making a bang up AR game. That's a really impressive show of the
technology with that Mario cart game. Who would have thought? It is. Nintendo would do it, but
okay. I have a feeling it's going to go the way the lab. Oh, like it. It's fun for awhile. And
then you stop playing it. And that's the whole reason I didn't get it. I knew it would be fun
for five minutes, but that's it. But, but you have kids. Don't you think the kids will be into it
longer? No, they don't want to set it up. So it's, it's fun and we could, I'm sure they'd still
want to play it once in a while, but it's like, it's not really engaging. It's not like something
that they would want to come back to all the time. They have trouble like setting it up. They don't
know how to like unfold the gates and everything, but, um, I mean, it's cool. I just, I think it's
going to get pushed by the wayside eventually, at least it folds down to a very small package.
And not unlike the, uh, lab stuff, which is just, well, was littered all over my house. I've
literally, I think I have thrown away some of the VR stuff, um, because it's just like, I'm not
going to play it. Uh, dark soccer. I'm sorry. What were you saying about Mario cart? You jumped in
there was something I wouldn't say anything about Mario cart. Oh, what did you say? Oh, okay. I
missed it. Sorry. I just said hard. Same. Oh, okay. I was agreeing with, with you about not
buying Labo because we knew it was going to be a waste. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Um, let's move on.
Let's talk about, um, things besides just Nintendo, uh, kind of a follow up, I guess, to another issue
that's been going on with the whole Twitch and the copyright crackdown and so forth. We're seeing
more and more games allow you to turn the music off, uh, or disable that element of the game so
that you can get around those types of issues on Twitch. Uh, and the game in question is FIFA 21.
Now this is notable because if I'm not mistaken, FIFA 21 is the biggest game in the world, right?
In the world. Okay. Cause remember Madden is like a very us based thing. When we consider the world,
it's about soccer and that's where FIFA is really a King of that. So, uh, FIFA 21 is going to allow
you to disable music, to avoid the copyright infringements. There was a title update that
went out. So it wasn't actually in the game to begin with because the game already came out,
but they did not in the game. Like don't they have independent volume between sound effects
and music. Hasn't that been a thing that's been like in games for decades now? Like how is that
now a notable thing? Like I understand like, um, the ability, like what they've had, like some
games, I don't remember the particulars, but there's some games that have like stream safe
versions where it's like music that let me, let me not license music. Loki, let me jump in. Cause
I think, you know, I want to make sure I clarify this. So there's actually a picture of the settings
menu I'm looking at, and there are options for menu sound effects, volume menu, music volume.
So you can do that, but this option is specifically disable all music for streaming
purposes. So my thought is there is probably a score of sorts in FIFA 21. Like there probably
is incidental music, background music, and so forth that is still in the game that does not
get removed when you do this. So, um, this is specifically for, and it is interesting that it
calls out and it even shows the option with the, uh, text at the bottom streaming or recording
FIFA, this setting disables all music to avoid copyright infringements. So, um, there is that.
So, but I will say, Loki, to your, your argument, the slider bar is also still there.
So, um, Bobby in chat says they use the license music for in studio sounds this, or in stadium
sounds rather this disables that orange, right? Says that's a really good idea. And Zen monkey
says, uh, Zen monkey 11 says, yes, you can lower FIFA music. Just lazy gamers, not looking at the
menu system. Um, orange right says, I know I'm thinking, ah, if I ever played burnout paradise,
that music volume is going all the way down. Yeah. And this is why usually when I play,
uh, these types of games I'm streaming in the, which isn't very often, I will usually stick to
classical music or I will have, which I has been pointed out previously. And yes, technically the
classical music is also because the recording itself is still something that is copyrightable,
but that stuff tends to not trigger strikes probably just because it is a very dear. It's
not, you know, it's not lady Gaga. That's the reality, right? Um, however, I also have a tendency
to, when I play those games, I just keep the game audio very, very low, either through what Loki's
talking about, or I just keep it so low that me talking over it constantly is just, it's going to
make the, you can barely even hear the music. And so I, and I haven't been flagged knock on wood
for anything on my personal channel and VOG certainly didn't, but we definitely,
we don't really stream games on this, hardly ever stream games on this channel. So, um, there is
that. So, um, we'll see. I heard another thing, by the way, since we're on the topic of Twitch,
I heard another thing. I don't know if you guys have heard about this and maybe Bobby in chat,
cause it was in discord, but somebody mentioned that Twitch mid-rolls were suddenly back on
certain streams that mid-roll ads were popping in. Is anybody in our chat getting that tonight? Like
are ads disabled? Because I have a hunch. What's that? Cause I tried to look on, on Twitter,
like with the tag, like what's going on. It seems like, and I could be wrong. It seems like the
people that are getting hit with those mid-roll ads are using some type of ad blocker on Twitch
or using something to try to suppress the ads on Twitch. So Twitch is kind of like one upping it by
putting these ads in a different way. So yeah, it worked out well for them. Yeah. Uh,
pixel pocket says it seems to me like some ad blockers stopped working. Act Def says,
considering that like 75% of us are subbed, I'm going to say no. You're right. We are very
fortunate that many of you are subscribed. Thank you for that. We're very lucky. Thank you. Thank
you. But surely there's a handful of people out there who are not subbed. And I'm just curious,
have you been getting mid-roll ads during the show? Because I watched, I watched a good hour
and a half of Twitch the other day. I didn't see them yet, but it might just be on certain
channels. I have no idea. So, uh, dark Tetsuya says I haven't seen any tonight watching on PS4.
I don't know how widespread it is yet, but didn't you get gifted a sub a couple of weeks ago,
dark Tetsuya? You might've been. Pixelbaka says I haven't gotten any ads so far this stream. So
we'll, we'll see. I don't know. I, again, I have, I hope it's not back because obviously we've
talked a lot about why that was a bad idea and we did a whole round table on this weeks ago.
If you haven't watched it yet, I, this is, this is why, even though, uh, Bobby and I recorded that
like the day after Twitch supposedly changed their policy, there's a lot of stuff in that that still
holds true. So go check that out over on YouTube or over at vognetwork.com. So, all right.
So anyhow, uh, but as far as the current Twitch issue that we know is out there with the copyright
stuff, uh, you'll probably see more games that are doing this, uh, that will help you be able
to stream on Twitch, uh, issue free. All right, let's move on dark soccer. You have something for
us, right? I do. And I had to remember that I don't no longer have my, uh, mute button on my mic.
So, um, I'm actually pretty excited about this and Dan actually was pretty excited too. He texted
me this, uh, so, um, arcade one up is, uh, doing pinball. I mean, pinball and, you know, that,
you know, is the magic word, uh, for me and in my house. So, um, they are doing, uh, a three quarter
scale, uh, pinball table, and it is going to be digital pinball. Um, there will be, um, uh, three
different ones that come with 10 different games. So to go ahead and start off with the first one,
it's Star Wars, uh, digital pinball. Then we have Marvel digital pinball and an attack from Mars
digital pinball, which I used to have an attack from Mars. So the games that come with, um, each
set, the Marvel games, uh, pinball includes Spider-Man, Civil War, Wolverine, X-Men, Thor,
Marvel's Women of Power, A-Force, Ghost Rider, Venom, Fantastic Four, and Fear itself. Star Wars
pinball has Boba Fett, A New Hope, Octo Island, Battle of Minbom, Darth Vader, Masters of the
Four, Star Wars Rebels, Han Solo, The Force Awakens, and Empire Strikes Back. That's a lot
of pinball. Um, now the attack from Mars pinball is actually real pinball. So, um, it's attack from
Mars, Fish Tales, The Getaway, Junkyard, Medieval Madness. I mean, right now getting that from
Medieval Madness, you know, um, Whitewater, which is another great one, although I'm sure it's not
going to come with the topper with the fan on it. Uh, Red and Ted, Fun House, which creeps me the
fuck out. Um, it's kind of like a giant head on it. The ones with heads freak me out. Uh,
Tales of the Arabian Nights and No Good Gophers. Um, Tales of the Arabian Nights, by the way,
is done by John Papadook, um, who, yep, you know what else he did? World Cup soccer and Theater of
Magic. Makes sense. They all have like a big thing in the middle of the table. Oh yeah.
But attack from Mars by itself is just a really fun one. Fish Tales is okay. We used to have a
getaway, um, which was a sequel to, um, great, no, I don't remember the name of the table. I
think I've covered the getaway. Um, I think that the, uh, that was a, uh, and I'm sorry,
it's going to, oh, it was High Speed 2. It was the, it was the sequel to High Speed.
Um, but yeah, it's, uh, it's really happy. No Good Gophers is a fun one. I love Tales of the
Arabian Nights. Fun House is, but it's a good table. Don't get me wrong. Whitewater is fun.
Medieval Madness though, um, for those who don't know, Medieval Madness recently had a re-release,
well, by recent, I mean, like a few years ago. We own one of the re-releases, like a special
edition of the re-release. Um, so it's missing like some of the branding on it and certain
things, but it is Attack from Mars. So these tables are going to stand, um, though they've
got a, uh, a 24 inch recessed screen. So it's going to be like, you're looking at it. It has
built an accelerometer so you can nudge and, you know, tilt if you screw up. Um, it is roughly,
I think three feet tall if I'm right. Um, and according to, um, uh, Arcade One Up, um,
on their site, it's supposed to arrive around December, 2020. Um, all of them, uh, it looks
like they're actually going to be sold physically through GameStop and Walmart. Um, and the Marvel
one apparently is already live for order at GameStop. Um, now, I mean, I, I, I'm reserving
judgment on the first two because clearly those are not like, and, but what I mean by legit
pinball is that they're not based off of legit tables, right? Right. They're the Zen pinball
original creations. Yeah, exactly. But, um, the Attack from Mars one is I think the one to have
if you love your, your classic pinball, that would be the one that we would get. Uh, we would
have to move things. I'm tempted, but I don't have any more room for those machines. The burger,
the burger time one was enough. What? It's a little one. We got to work on the house thing
first, by the way, I got to do just a quick aside because people, I know you Dark Soccer and Loki,
you can't see my camera because of the intense tech rig that we have here at OLR. They can only
hear my voice. They can't see me like you guys can on Twitch, but a mysterious hand just dropped
this box in frame. And, uh, some folks in chat are asking, what is this? So what this is, Alan
just got back from Costco and he just dropped this in front of me. This is a pack of 40 Stroop waffles
or Stroop waffles, if you will. 40 Costco sized box of Stroop waffles. The big one. This is big.
So I'm coming over. I'm not going to pay just, and my COVID test was negative. Dark Soccer is,
my COVID test was negative too about two weeks ago, but yes, hang out. This is, this is 40 cups
of coffee right here. Well, that's, you don't, you don't have to use coffee. You could use tears and
that's the way you're supposed to do it. You're supposed to put it on top of a cup of coffee
or, you know, whatever your hot drink is that you like, and that helps soften the cookie and
the syrup that's in there. So there you go. And there's only, I'm looking at it, there's only 140
calories in one Stroop waffle. So there you go. Latest Costco find from, uh, the husband. So thank
you, Alan, for bringing that to my attention and so much for any weight I was trying to lose.
See ya. Anyway, sorry, Dark Soccer, but, um, it was Stroop waffles. It's important.
Yeah. Well, at any rate though, I think that I actually already closed the article,
but I think they're supposed to retail for 500. Sounds about right. Yeah. Um, but yeah, um,
assuming that we do end up getting one, um, I think that we're gonna, um, I'll definitely,
we'll do something live for, for everybody when we get ours. Um, and by the way, Rob,
if you want to, I can send you my workout routine, which I'm still doing while I'm sick,
just a lighter one, because it involves my physical therapy. You know, it's interesting.
So the TV, the TV we got has all these built in things. And one of them is like a health channel
that has like workout videos on the man built right in the TV. And I don't know how good they
are, but, um, I like my workout videos, 1980s style. I want to see those obscene,
like tights that people used to wear in the, like the Jane Fonda workout tapes,
or I'm sorry, nothing will ever, ever top Richard Simmons sweat into the oldies.
I used to have the Cindy Crawford workout tape. Didn't share have a workout tape at one point.
Sure. Does everything she's a goddess, but this I'll tell you this right now that Cindy Crawford
workout tape was like a kick your ass. I mean, it was hard. And the fun thing about it is that
that is what got me into weightlifting when I was in high school. And, uh, after, uh, losing the
weight that I did, cause I was, you know, I was powerlifting before that and was building my dead
lift and I threw out my back. Um, I've been able to completely do my workout at home. I actually
wrote a blog for it, um, for, uh, Gen X geeks. Um, just, you know, putting out like what my
personal routine is, like what, what equipment that I have, cause it was really inexpensive
just to encourage everybody. So maybe. Chat, you guys are cracking me up. Uh,
Sia Tabiri says my grandma used to have the Angela Lansbury workout tape.
What? There was an Angela Lansbury workout tape. What?
Well I'm sure that the older crowd could make use of it.
So could the gays. We love murder. She wrote, come on. All right. Uh, let's see.
Sia Tabiri in chat says my sister and I each had one of the MTV grind tapes. Oh God.
Remember when there were shows on MTV, like the grind that was just people dancing. I mean,
that goes back to like, it was just soul train on MTV bandstand.
Is soul train still on? I think soul train is still on. It might be. I think they still do
make it in the Bay. What's his face? Dio Don Cornelius. Yeah. The Bay area had some
local TV show that was a dance thing too, because Mel was on it like twice.
Soul train ended in 2006, but they do have like the soul train awards.
Okay. Is Don Cornelius still alive? He'd know he died in 2012.
Yeah. Yeah. Anyway. All right. I used to watch soul train regularly.
Same. It was all that was on like Saturday morning when I was awake.
Right after my cartoons. It came on after my cartoons.
All right. Let's move on. We're running long on the show tonight. We got other topics to talk
about, but I know it's hard not to get derailed by Angela Lansbury and soul train. Uh, moving on,
uh, Oh, I got, I thought you were laughing, dark soccer, but that was coughing. I was like,
what's so funny? Oh, that's not funny. I felt it come. That's why I've been keeping my line
muted so that I wouldn't, you know, put lungs on the air. All right. Fair enough. Uh, Loki,
what's next in the gaming world? So, because, um, another, I think this bit's confusing. In fact,
I was actually talking with Exeter on Twitter about it because he had purchased a PlayStation
five with a place new PlayStation five HD camera. I'm like, Oh, what's that used for?
Because I don't think that's compatible with the PlayStation VR. And that's really the only thing
I use my camera for. And he's like, Oh, it's only for web, you know, for, um, you know,
broadcasting yourself on playing games and stuff. Um, so to solve that problem, because apparently
the PlayStation camera that came with the PlayStation four is the only compatible with
the PlayStation VR. And so if you want to play PlayStation VR games on the PlayStation five,
you need some way to plug it in since it doesn't have the proprietary connector on the back of the
PlayStation five, how are you going to do that? Well, the way you're going to do that is you go
to Sony's official website and you request a, um, a free cable. And the way you do that,
you have to provide them with the serial number on your PlayStation VR unit and your shipping
information. And they will ship it to you for free. So it may take up to two weeks to get that
in. Um, that kind of sucks. Although I want to say that like, it's something similar. They did
something similar with, um, the connect back in the day because the new systems that they made
the newer slimmer models had the connect port built in, but the older original, uh, Xbox three
sixties did not have that. And so you had to have an adapter to plug it in that that you could
request for free as well. Um, but still annoying that you have to do that. All these hoops to jump
through. I don't understand why the new camera, especially since it's a better camera, you would
think that it being a better camera might make it work better, but maybe, I guess it just doesn't,
maybe it doesn't protect the dot field or whatever it needs to track stuff. Just you would think that
they would support something like, I don't know, but whatever. It's a hope you got to jump through
if you want to use, you know, the PlayStation VR and the new system. And I'm still curious what
like, cause I know we're getting upgrades with faster load times and all that stuff for, um,
the PlayStation five and playing PlayStation four games. I'm curious to see what kind of
enhancements we get with PlayStation VR games. Since I know with the pro, we have like higher
resolution and more details and stuff like that. If we're going to get something similar with,
uh, the PlayStation five as well, or if it's going to go even beyond what was offered with
the PlayStation four pro. I honestly feel like based on the comments, I guess we didn't have
the related story tagged. I, maybe you saw this Loki about the, the comments from the CEO on VR
and how it sounds like VR is kind of on, I don't want to say it's like, it's like on hold for the
minute. It sounds like, like they're just not really making anything for PS VR right now. And
that's something they're going to revisit later on the PS PlayStation, the PlayStation VR too.
Yeah. Which is, I mean, I don't know. I have mixed feelings on it because I'm kind of like,
well, if the PlayStation VR is like the number one headset right now, like keep that train rolling.
And it just kind of like insert another joke here about Sony really not supporting their hardware,
but at the same time X files poster, I want to believe, um, that they're going to, you know,
maybe focus on this part of PlayStation five and getting the games there for the more traditional
type of media first. And then they'll kind of take a good hard look at VR later with some of
the leaps and bounds that, you know, the VR technology has made such as potentially,
you know, that PlayStation four VR has wires, wires, lots of wires, and we know that VR is
getting more and more to a place where there's going to be a lot less or perhaps none at all,
perhaps, but you know, we'll see what they decide to do. Um, so I, Loki, I would just say
beyond the perks of loading times on the solid state drive and what the PlayStation four pro
could do. I wouldn't set the bar too high. Like it's probably going to be like playing it on a
PlayStation four pro. Yeah. Someone's someone needs to remind Sony that the V and PSVR does
not stand for Vita. So they probably shouldn't just forget about it. Well, and my question is,
okay, so Sony wants to put it on hold, but what about third-party developers? So I guess
if they're going to continue to make VR games, they're essentially making PlayStation four VR
games. Um, that would be, uh, workable through backwards compatibility, but you're probably
going to see a lot of developers want to, I mean, you'll probably see less and less PlayStation
exclusives and more games that are like, you can play it on PlayStation four VR, or you can play
it on Oculus, or you can play it on, you know, HTC vibe and so forth. My assumption is when we
see the play, like if we had gotten a PlayStation two VR now, it probably wouldn't look very
different or it would be really expensive. And that's a lot to ask, put, put down $500 for a
PlayStation five and another $500 for the PlayStation headset. That is a lot to ask.
So I kind of understand the strategy behind, maybe we don't want to do the new VR headset this year.
Let's do that in a year or probably even better because of the pandemic and everything it's
done to 2020. Let's do that in 2022. So that's my guess is you're going to see a PlayStation VR
two in 2022. And then at that point, it will be about, well, where is the technology for VR at
that point? How is that going to work into the very consumer friendly, you know, type of PlayStation
VR system. But I think if Sony really wants us to believe that they're invested in it,
I really want to see them make a game that is like for PlayStation VR two, not something that's
like enhanced or better with. I want to see that too, but I want to see them really make a game for
this PlayStation VR two. And I, I think that will probably be something to look forward to in 2022.
So from that standpoint, I do kind of get what they're doing. I mean, let's be real. If they
were putting out a PS five VR headset now, you would not want to pay for that and a PlayStation
five. You're just not, some people would, of course they would, but it's not going to be
enough. So I understand why they're like, we're going to wait a little bit, even though they're
on the top right now of the VR game. So, all right, let's move on and talk about, um, a
company that I wish would get out of gaming altogether, but I'm a little bit biased, I
suppose. And it's Facebook. Uh, Facebook is getting into cloud gaming. Why not? Huh?
Everybody, another company to join the party. You've got Stadia. You've got Luna from Amazon.
You've got, um, X cloud. Why not? Let's have Facebook in this as well. So now Facebook has
launched their own cloud gaming service. Um, but here's some, are you going to be able to play,
control, or are you going to be able to play, I don't know, uh, destiny or whatever the
no, you can play asphalt nine legends, PGA tour, golf shootout, solitaire, Arthur's tale,
and mobile legends adventure, which is pretty much cookie clicker, but as, as a, uh, RPG or
whatever. In other words, these are fairly mundane mobile games and look, there is a time and a place
for mundane mobile games. I love things like cookie clicker when I'm opening it for 30 seconds in the
checkout line at target or something. And then, you know, going on to whatever else is going on
as far as cloud streaming though. Uh, okay. This is a weird thing to launch, but anyway, if you
want to check it out, I guess you could find them in the gaming section of Facebook. Oh, by the way,
that's also where you'll find their, um, competitor to Twitch and that whole thing. And where mixer
ended up pointing people to, um, at some point there are going to be cloud playable ads in your
Facebook newsfeed. So in other words, if you're not opening the gaming hub enough, as you're
scrolling through your Facebook feed and endlessly doom scrolling, uh, all the updates and so forth,
you're going to see not just an ad, but an ad you can play live. So it'll be like a gaming ad
you could just jump right into. Think about how the here's the thing. They're using it for gaming
now, but think about what this is going to be when bam, you jump right into a 3d virtual house tour
or you jump into, I mean, there's a lot of places I think where this technology could end up going.
And that's what Facebook wants to get into, I suppose. So, uh, this service is also coming to
the dedicated Facebook gaming app on Android. As we know, there is not a dedicated Facebook gaming
app on iOS because the cloud gaming and iOS have not, uh, figured that out yet. Although we are
seeing web based apps as a solution and perhaps that will come in the future. So, um, we'll see,
but nothing to say officially on that right now. So, uh, SHO and her mat says fairly mundane,
much like surfing Facebook. Uh, so there you go. Uh, Zen monkey 11 said the games sound like
clone apps. Yeah. I I'm not exactly jumping to reactivate my Facebook account so I can play
these games. Uh, I'll say that much. So anybody going to check out Facebook gaming? No. Okay. No.
I, I block every game request thing that comes across my plate anyway. So I, I hate them. I
don't want a game in Facebook. I don't want to play any of their shit. I don't want to give them
any more money. The only reason I have a Facebook anyway, still is for my sister's stuff and for
the communities I'm running. So I don't want to give them any more fucking attention. Remember
when the most annoying thing on Facebook was a poke is still fucking annoying. Can you still
poke people on Facebook? You can still poke. I have, I was up to like 400 with one of my friends.
That's a lot of poking. Well, uh, did, did they, didn't they have a thing?
When they're an app called poke at some point, it was like their Snapchat competitor or something.
And it's, it's long gone. Uh, let's see sacred Jade and chat over Twitch TV slash
vog network says hard pass on Facebook gaming. I deleted my Facebook profile. Congratulations.
Um, I can't, I understand. I understand. I only deactivated and you know, I may go back as
especially, you know, after the election, I might be able to tolerate it again. We'll see. I'm
practically living on Twitter these days when I was like pretty much like a not Twitter person.
Twitter, Twitter is just a, it is, I get why Twitter is really annoying, but yeah,
Twitter is so much more cure curatable if you know how to do it because people get really
annoyed when it's like, Oh, you get your default Twitter feed that shows every, but once you learn
how to really curate Twitter and make it work for you, it's, Oh my God, it's, it's great. Now
it's not a perfect platform. Look at my wild at my life feed anyway. And then I check the people
I care about. Yeah. Zen monkey 11 says I want my space back. Love the Twitter. So funny in there.
I want my space back too. I want to have, you know what? I I'm sick of this disagreeing on,
on politics and that whole thing. I want the fights to be about why aren't I in your top eight?
That's the fights I miss on my space. Jamie, did you have me in your top eight on my space?
I hope so. You know, as a matter of fact, I did. I think I'm pretty sure I had you there too. I
think I had, I think that was right. That was right around the time oil are launched. So I
think I had to have you and Loki in the top eight on my space. I'd have to look for my account
again, but I know that it was you and Jessica and Matt. And, uh, you know, I think my friend Risa
OLR had a MySpace. I know it did because we had clips of the show. I'm talking like early ass
fucking clips of the show on our MySpace page. So I doubt it's there anymore. I don't know. Good
luck to you if you can find it. All right. Anyway, let's move on. Uh, let's oh, oh boy.
Let's follow up Facebook with a political story, but this was, this was a lot softer, right?
Yeah. I mean, and it's just kind of a, a little thing. Um, basically, um, in Fortnite, Joe Biden
has a map and might've covered this in the past that there was one with, um, animal crossing.
There was an animal crossing town dedicated to the Biden campaign. And I'll tell you,
I'll tell you what are, I mean, I, I, I vote blue, but I'm a socialist at heart and I, I am so in my
heart happy to see that it, you know, people embracing video games to reach that audience,
you know, who their people are, where all the GOP is still like, Hey, get off my lawn. Yeah. Um,
but anyway, um, yeah, there's a Fortnite map dedicated, uh, to, uh, to the Biden campaign and
to, uh, Kamala Harris. And, um, there's like, uh, different, um, different, like, uh, TV monitors
in there that have like different things like, uh, um, uh, build back better and like, uh,
this one screenshot here in subway, like there's no Malarkey station and Harris highway and all of
that. Um, and so, uh, but then the map is called build back better with Biden. Um, and it's
supposed to educate young voters on what the democratic party stands for. Um, and then, uh,
it takes you on like this adventure through this reboot city, um, where, uh, you can stay on like
this Island and you have many quests to do and you have to collect countless sneakers and check
out Joe's ice cream shop. And so it is pretty cool. The code to get to this is, uh, zero two
one five four five one one one eight two three. Um, so yeah, it is pretty much, you know, it's
focused on, uh, on Biden's campaign and education. Um, but it's, it's a good idea. It's the type of
thing, you know, like what AOC was doing with, uh, with her, uh, uh, live streaming, you know,
and by the way, if anyone is interested for the animal crossing one and the Biden HQ Island,
the, uh, dream address code is seven two eight six five seven one zero seven four seven eight
da first, of course, because it's a dream address. No. Um, I was just saying, I just want to ask like
a serious question here because obviously, obviously it's no secret that I'm team Biden
on this. I mean, I was team Warren, but I, I, I, I'm more than happy to be team Biden when
presented with the other option. And I've made it no secret how I feel about that on this program.
But the, the hard question I want to ask is, is there really a point to this? Is there going to be
fun to be had here because video games are supposed to be fun or is this obvious propaganda?
Because I mean, what made AOC's Twitch stream really, really work is that it was very organic
and it didn't feel like even the politics that were in it did not feel forced. Her lines of
don't forget to vote and talking to the British guy about healthcare, uh, in, in his world versus
ours was that it felt very organic and it felt very much like a Twitch streamer, thanking someone
for the donation or talking to friends on discord. And I think that's why AOC stream, whether you
agree with her or not really worked is Biden's going to feel organic or is it going to feel like,
okay, I just went to propaganda Ville. It's not intended to be organic, not like AOC's thing,
but you know, it's intended to, it is, it is a campaign strat. I mean, fair and simple.
Um, in fact, with Biden's Island on animal crossing, like the house inside has, is filled
with like desk and campaign pamphlets and promotional materials. It's been turned into,
uh, a campaign office, but, but yeah, but the whole thing is it gets people talking,
it gets interest, whether or not you want to go to that either location in whatever game or
whether or not you say, Oh, well, you know, that's a stupid idea or he's just, you know, pandering,
you're talking about it. Fair. And you know, and you know what the answer might be? I'm actually,
actually what ultimately where this goes is because this is in the news and you know,
they know to an extent it's going to be in the news. Um, there are people on Twitch that will
do a Twitch stream where it's like, I'm going to go visit the Joe Biden Island or I'm going to go
visit the Joe Biden, uh, Fortnite map. And now they're having an organic conversation about
politics on their Twitch feed. And maybe that is this it's, it's not necessarily the map or the
Island or whatever it is themselves. It's maybe the conversation that it starts. Well, and that's
what I just said that. Yes, I guess it is. Yes. It's it's they're, they're talking about it. It's
getting it out there and you know, and the people are going to be cool. Let me check the Biden thing
because when it's, you know, it's going to get me clicks. I'm sorry. Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm laughing
because a headline just scrolled by, you know how on Twitch we have the headlines at the bottom,
a headline just scrolled by that said from Kotaku bad cat. And that was the headline. I'm like,
what the fuck video game is that bad cat? Did you guys see that?
Um, Oh my God, that just, that actually last night, um, you know, one of the things I mentioned
I had to do for Gish was, uh, resurrect my inner child via a spell. Um, and Midna wanted to be a
part of it. She wanted to run off with one of the GI Joes. I still have, she wanted to run off with
snake guys, just saying, I mean, I would run off with snake guys just saying, but that that's bad
cat, bad cat context to, to clarify what bad cat actually was in the Kotaku article. It's a mod for
resident evil that turns, I forget what the giant like zombie thing is, but turns it into, uh,
was it Tom from Tom and Jerry? Oh God. Okay. The tyrant.
Okay. So, so it is video game related. So it was a game related headline. Who knew?
All right, let's move on. We're running so long tonight. It's going to be,
let's move on. Who's next? Uh, is it Loki? Yeah, it's me. Uh, so let's talk about a launch game
that's getting delayed for the PlayStation five. So one of the games they were showing
off was destruction all stars, which was supposed to be launched title.
Also one of those launch titles that's $70. Ooh boy. That's Sony upcharge. Um, it is now
coming out in February, 2021, according to the PlayStation blog, um, as an added bonus as well
for PlayStation plus subscribers, it'll be available for free for two months for no additional
costs. So you'll get it as far as PlayStation plus that's better than paying $70. Yes. So it's
interesting. It's very much a case of bad news. It's delayed. Good news. Uh, most people that are,
you know, probably investing this money on PlayStation early are also PlayStation plus,
so you're gonna get it for free. So yeah. Yeah. It's, I guess the news could have been a lot worse,
right? That's true. That's the interesting thing. Halo got delayed, but it's going to be on Xbox
game pass. And again, chances are, you know what, if you are adopting Xbox series X right away,
you probably have game pass, not everybody, but most people probably do. All right. Well,
speaking of releases and, uh, games that got bumped back, uh, you'll notice what was absent
from my gaming week already. World of Warcraft shadow lands. So that was a fun week and now
we're back. But, um, and I did play a lot of Final Fantasy 11. Oops, but no, I, I, I'm, you know,
what 14 Final Fantasy 14. Oh shit. I said 11. Didn't I? Sorry. Yes. 14. You're not playing
11 without me. What? Sorry. Sorry. My 2006 brain kicked in the mobile version finally came out.
No, no, no. Yes. If I was 14. Sorry. Um, but anyway, yeah, I don't know. I I'd be curious
about the expansion. I just don't know if I'm $50 curious, but I know there's a lot of people that
love their Warcraft and love their characters. And I am happy to report for all of you that shadow
lands is finally going to be coming out on November 23rd. Hey, that's a special day for
Warcraft because it is the 16th anniversary of the game. Um, not that 16 is often a number that
gets celebrated unless you're an MTV show where, um, kids scream when they don't get the car they
want. Uh, but for this sweet 16, uh, world of Warcraft shadow lands will finally be released.
And, uh, there, it even comes out, it comes out at 3 PM Pacific time on that day because they have
to do it that way because people all around the world are playing this game. And, you know,
it's going to be a world rush to who can take that boss down first. So it goes live at the
same time for everybody. Uh, so that ended up being a four week delay, which all things
considered was not a terrible delay for the game. Um, but there's also going to be a warmup event,
whatever that means on November 10th, where you will be able to take on a flood of scourge.
I seem to remember when the last expansion was about to come out, there was an event like this,
and it was a really easy way to gain levels fast. So I wonder if this will be a thing that's
similar. I don't know, but November 10th is when the flood of the scourge happens. And also there
will be season one of shadow lands on December 8th, I guess that's PVP and the first raid castle
nathria will also open on December 8th. So you can take your time getting to the new level cap of
60, excuse me, uh, before you take on the raids. I actually liked that they don't release that
stuff right away to be honest. So, all right. Um, pod culture points out, uh, November 23rd is also
Dr. Who day. And you know, I imagine there's a lot of stuff kind of happening that day because it's,
it's the Tuesday before Thanksgiving, right? Thanksgiving is the 26th, right? Or 27th,
something like that. So it's, it's just days before, um, Thanksgiving. And that's like,
you know, right before the retail season kicks off. Although I'm sure Black Friday, as we know
it here in the States is going to look a lot different this year. You're already seeing stores
like Best Buy and stuff are kind of like, we're going to start early and kind of push you more
towards online for obvious reasons with everything going on in the world. I'm sure there will still
be, I'm sure there will still be plenty of people that are going to the store on Black Friday, but,
um, not me, that's for sure. So, and I think, I think stores are kind of realizing they got to
think outside the box a little bit that not everybody's going to want to rush the store,
um, early that day. So, all right. Yeah. And DJRama S is, uh, uh, uh, kind of concurring there,
uh, Black Friday deals done started. I'm good with this. Yeah, for sure. All right. Well,
let's take a trip down memory lane when if a game was delayed by four weeks, we didn't know about
it. Um, because we got our gaming news through magazines, there was no internet. It's the classic
game of the week. Every week, dark soccer steps into the gaming vault to define a game that she
thinks, Hey, you know what, brats, you should be checking out this game. Forget your newfangled
Xbox series Xs and your PlayStation fives. I want you to go back to the PlayStation one. No way. I
want you to go back sooner than that and check out this classic game of the week. Dark soccer.
What'd you pick for the kids tonight? I picked, uh, an RPG that is as iconic as anything else
that this company has released. I picked Romancing Saga, which came out in 1992. It is a RPG, uh,
developed and published by Square. It came out for the Super Famicom. Um, now it's actually the,
uh, fourth game in the saga series. Um, and this particular one, um, actually had like a
bunch of different, um, various releases on it. And it was a fairly, as far as some will say is
kind of a big one. Um, this, uh, this one was actually, we made, um, for, uh, the Wonder
Swan color. Um, it was done for mobile phones. Um, and I'll be getting into that, uh, in a
little bit, but this is, uh, this is a game that while, um, not many people will think of in the,
in the saga series. Um, it was one of the first ones that, um, so that's fine. Um, anyway, um,
you, uh, you basically follow eight different protagonists on different quests throughout the
world, and they all accumulate in a fight against the dark god, uh, Saruin. I guess that's how it's
pronounced. That's always how I did it. Um, and it's very nonlinear. Um, you do have term-based
battles, um, group formations, and like the other saga titles, there are no experience points. Um,
your character attributes and skills are determined by what you do in battle. Um,
so it was, um, you know, so the other saga games, um, this was supposed to be the, uh,
the new one for the Super Famicom. There have been others on Game Boy. Um, they brought back,
um, the series creator, um, Kazu Akitoshi as the director, the designer and writing the scenarios.
Um, and then, uh, the character designs were done by Kobayashi Tomomi, which actually is her first
work that she did for the series. Um, music done by Ito Kenji, who also did like Final Fantasy
Legend 2. Um, so it had a really, really good, uh, design group behind it right away.
So when you start off the game, um, you're going to choose your first protagonist and you're going
to, um, explore the world. You know, it's free, free, free reign over everything. You know,
you trigger different story points as you go through it. You have battles, side quests,
and then you're going to build up your party as you go along. Um, some members, um, that you can
recruit are the protagonist you didn't choose. Um, and so, uh, your progress is based on the number
of the main events, um, your strength, who you've talked to, um, and it's been called the free
scenario system. Um, you encounter enemy sprites on the field, you fight with them, you have a
three by three grill, uh, grid, um, that affects how you're going to be able to interact with the
enemy. Um, so, uh, there, there was a big remake done for now. This is the big one on here, um,
is it was remade for PlayStation two, which was subtitled, uh, minstrel song. It was released,
uh, by, uh, Squenix in 2005. Um, with, uh, this one, it does have, uh, the non-linear exploration,
but the environments are all in 3d. Um, and it brought in some elements from the later saga
titles. Um, and, uh, when you choose your, uh, you know, your protagonist, you go through the
game the same way. You have a quick save, uh, you have a hard saves in, you know, your towns
where things like that are, um, and you customize your party, you have your character classes,
um, and a character can lose their life points. Um, so like your character health is a combination
of your standard health and your life points and you lose life points being knocked out enough
times in a battle. And then you lose all of your life points. The game is over. So that's
kind of an interesting take on it. Um, but yeah, it did, uh, it did, uh, start its development in
1990. Um, and they really wanted to go to the super Famicom because the other saga games on
Game Boy had been so popular. Um, and so, um, and actually we did get final fantasy legend three,
it was a saga three. Um, but they really wanted it to be a particular saga game.
The name Romancing, uh, actually, uh, was, uh, inspired by an American movie Romancing Stone.
Remember that movie? Like Kathleen Turner, right? Yeah. Um, and the producer of the game was, uh,
Miyamoto Masumi, who was the founder and former president of Square. So, um, so yeah, the, the
game had, uh, a pretty big release when it came out January 28th, 1992. Um, and it was the second
super Famicom title that Square did. It followed final fantasy four, which we got, of course, this
too. Um, it dated three guidebooks for it. Um, it got a virtual console re-release on the Wii in
2009, Wii U in 2015 and 3DS in 2016. Um, it was supposed to have been, uh, uh, localized,
um, to be brought out in the US. Um, it was, uh, stated by Gameport in 1993, but it never got
released outside of Japan. Um, the text translation and complexity of the game they figured would be
off-putting and not cost-effective given what they projected this to be. Um, at any rate, um,
in 2000, uh, they did a version, an enhanced version of Romancing Saga for the Wonder Swan
color. Um, and we know that Square really loved the Wonder Swan color doing this out. Um, but,
uh, it was, it was, uh, not on Game Boy Advanced and that's because Square and Nintendo, that was
when they were having their thing when Square went to PlayStation, remember? Um, yeah, so all that,
but they added, um, a few new abilities that you could dash and avoid enemy encounters,
um, different materials, a couple of stories, uh, changes, different side quests. Um, and it was part
of the Square Masterpiece series of classic titles for Wonder Swan. Um, it was ported to mobile
platforms by Square Enix. Um, it was based off Wonder Swan port. Um, they just did the graphics
for mobile. Um, it came out for, in 2009, for iMode phones, um, and then for the SoftBank phones
and EasyWeb, and it closed, uh, down in 2018. So then there's the PS2 remake, which was Romancing
Saga menstrual song. Um, and it was like rebuilt from the ground up, like I said. Um, and the,
the art style references the sprite design, but tried to go a little bit more like some of the
Final Fantasy series. And it has a completely different taste. It was meant to appeal strictly
to, um, not really appeal to any particular market, just be something that's, that's
attractive overall. Um, and, uh, the game was re-released through PlayStation Network for
PlayStation 3 eventually. Um, and then a special edition that had a download code and jigsaw
artwork done by Kobayashi, um, the designer. Um, there was supposed to be, uh, they actually
announced a North American re, uh, release at E3 in 2005, um, along with, uh, Dragon Quest 8,
Final Fantasy 7, and Kingdom Hearts 2. Um, it released on October 11th. They removed a
menstrual song from the title. Um, they did, uh, some dubbing, um, done by New Generation Pictures,
um, who had worked with Squenix on some of the Final Fantasy and Valkyrie profile series.
And then there was a European released after that. Um, so, uh, this, uh, the original title
wasn't remastered because we drew, I guess they dropped the menstrual song for us.
It had really good music. I mean, I don't know how much of the video I let you listen to,
but the music in this game is really top notch. It's just that got that square brilliance to it
as, as the RPGs on the SNES that most of the RPGs we did on the SNES, um, display. Um, so for the
Super Famicom version, it is ranked as the fifth best-selling saga game of all time. Um, it is sold
more than 1.3 million copies worldwide with 1.1 million, of course, sold in Japan and those others
overseas. Uh, Hamitsu, um, didn't like the graphics as much as Final Fantasy 4, but they liked the
system. And so, uh, Hamitsu score was, uh, 31 of 40 for Super Famicom, 32 of 40 for, uh, PS2, which
by Famitsu, not bad, not bad at all. And I can actually see that criticism. I mean, I, I never
played this game because obviously it wasn't, you know, released here until, uh, you got the
translation hacks and the other versions you were talking about. Um, but I can see that criticism is
that, you know, especially these battle scenes look very plain, I guess. And even the world maps,
they look very plain compared to Final Fantasy 2, which is what we would know it as in America,
but you all know it's actually for, um, as, but I can see that the battle system does, it does seem
like there's, there's more to it. So I actually, it's interesting, just not even knowing that much
about the game, but based on like what you just said, I can like kind of see that. Yeah. And one
of the, one of the things with it though, is that, uh, American critics kind of panned the, um, the
battle system in it because they thought it was too complex. But I mean, I liked it. You know,
when I played a little bit of it, you know, back on my, you know, fan translated emulation days,
um, it, it's, it's a solid game with a solid story. Um, uh, but moving, moving forward,
of course, um, it proved to be so popular and influential that, um, you know, and of course
it brought in new mechanics and a new type of, of gameplay that after it was so successful,
they did two further titles for Super Famicom. They had Romancing Saga 2 and Romancing Saga 3.
Um, uh, 2 came out in 93 and 3 came out in 95. And so that's the game. Um, I, I like what ACT
DEV said, then we got Mystic Quest. Um, Mystic Quest wasn't bad. It was like RPG for very small
children. And it had a great score. We'll give, we'll give Mystic Quest that it had good music.
Yeah. And, you know, I honestly, I think that the, you know, and you know, how much like the
saga games, uh, like that came out on PlayStation go for. Oh yeah. You know, um, Saga Frontier,
um, you know, all of those, they. Which is funny cause I rented Saga Frontier once and I hated it.
Yeah. You know, I have, um, crap was that I had another saga game that I have in Japanese,
honestly. And it ended up being like way too like advanced, uh, text heavy that I couldn't,
couldn't really do. Um, but yeah. Um, but I mean, it's just,
it's a shame that we never got the Super Famicom. We could have had it. Um, and I think that,
you know, this particular game is just, you know, it, it really did something, you know, like,
like I say, it was a square second game on the system and I think it really set off a boom in
JRPGs on the Super Famicom. So, um, but of course, you know, for the other games in the title,
of course, the saga games, um, came out in the US as Final Fantasy Legend, Final Fantasy Legend 2,
and Final Fantasy Legend 3. Then there was Romancing Saga, Romancing Saga 2, Romancing
Saga 3. Um, then there was Saga Frontier, Saga Frontier 2, and, uh, we got, uh, Unlimited Saga,
Emperor Saga, Imperial Saga, and Saga Scarlet Grace. And there was the Legend of Legacy and the
Alliance Alive. So those are the things that came out with the Saga series.
Really has its own amount of following, maybe not as much as the Final Fantasy ones, but it was
pretty good. All right. And now they're talking about Final Fantasy Mystic Quest. Yeah. I see
that in chat talking about that. All right. Well, there it is your classic game of the week,
Romancing Saga for the Super Famicom. I have to say that instead of Super Nintendo because, uh,
well, we never really got it. Oops, got the wrong shot there. We never really got it on the, uh,
Super Nintendo. So, all right. Well, that is going to do it for Dark Sakura tonight because
I know we only wrote you in for half show because you are, you are sick. So, um, please feel better.
I mean, I haven't, you heard my voice cutting out. Yeah. We can hear it starting to go. So rest up,
feel better. I know all the chat, um, is, uh, sending you good vibes to heal up soon and all
that good stuff. I actually see me unmade for once. Yeah. I'm in my, but I have a new webcam
that honestly, I think it's got some problems. I mean, I didn't pay much for it, but better than
my old one. I think it's better than your old one. Yeah. It's a different angle tonight. It's good.
So I'm looking for, I, but I will say when you are feeling better, I am looking forward to the
return of the wigs. Not that your natural hair isn't beautiful, but we do. This ain't natural.
There's nothing natural about this color. We do love a good wig. All right. We love a wig.
Before I let you go to our soccer, any final thoughts or last words for our listeners tonight?
I'm coming to your house right now for a stroke. Oh, um, I do have my thoughts. I,
I know that there's not going to be much time by the time the podcast gets released,
but go out and vote, do it and, um, be safe when you do it. Wear your mask. We are coming into
the third wave of coronavirus. Um, and gen X, geeks.com, G E X. Oh, one last thing. Yeah. I
was on the last episode of, am I mental? Oh yes. Yes. We had Eon. Their show can be about one hour.
They have a hard cut at three. We hit the hard cut without noticing. Wow. All right. Two hours.
Sorry. So yeah. Um, I brought a little OLR randomness. It happens. All right. Yeah.
Go check it out. You get to hear me talk about how fucked up my brain is. I got to check that
out. Just be not, you know, like, but I'm just, I bet it was a good show. I bet it was a good
discussion. A lot of it, Rob. Yeah. I mean, I'm not tuning in to hear that. I just, you know,
I'm curious to hear, you know, the discussion we talked about supernatural hot too. Well,
I can get that without just talking to you on text message. All right.
All right. Well, Hey, my, my, my love to you guys, my love to the listeners,
pet all the cats and harass all the children. All right. Will do. Have a good night.
Look, you tell Nellie I owe her cookies. Bye. All right. Bye. Take care. All right. We'll do.
All right. We'll fix up the camera shot there and we will move on to talking about some rapid
fire news and traveling around the industry with some quick headlines. Loki. Yes. So we've found
out what the new games for this month are going to be for free that your games with gold, if you
will, on the Xbox side of things, we have a looks like Aragami shadow edition and swim sanity.
Those are both Xbox one and then Xbox compatible games we have looks like full spectrum warrior,
which is actually an original Xbox game and Indiana Jones or Lego, Indiana Jones
or the Xbox three 60. So, uh, interesting. And then great titles with the new console coming
out. Sorry, but they're not, but I, you know, it's so hard now because of game. Exactly.
It's so hard because of game pass. Like. Exactly. Like I'm not disappointed because I have game pass.
But yeah, no, I mean, you, you do have to look at what's going on with Sony, which, you know,
you'll get to and it's, it's a different story. So Sony's got some more exciting stuff. So for
example, they have hollow Knight Boyd heart edition and middle earth shadow of war. That's on
on PlayStation four. Um, also if you're a PlayStation five owner, you get bug snacks.
That's huge. Those are. Yeah. And that's going to be available for two months as well,
much like the other game on PlayStation five that they were offering for two months,
uh, next year. So this is from November 12th through January 4th. You can pick up bug snacks.
I'm wondering since I don't own a PlayStation five, if it's one of those things where I can
kind of add it to my library type of thing. So I used to do that with Xbox one games back when I
still had a third Xbox or Sony's going to be complete dicks about it and just say, no, sorry,
you didn't register PlayStation five of those. Uh, okay. I've got to be lucky to be fair. That's
not them being dicks. That's just business, you know, by a PlayStation five. It's a little,
it's a little bit being a dick, but no, no, no, no. It is though, because I'm paying for their
PlayStation plus service. So I should be entitled to the games that they're offering for free.
It shouldn't be a caveat that, Oh, well, I'm sorry. You got to also purchase a PlayStation
five right now. Cause that wasn't the way it used to be with other systems. All right. I'll give you
that. But we don't know to me, but we don't know if we'll be able to redeem it or not yet. Yeah.
Anyways. But they are very explicit that it is only the PlayStation five version of bug snacks
that we do know. You can't hit that and then get it on your PlayStation four that you can't do.
We know that. Yeah. So you, you will get it a PlayStation five copy in your library if you will.
Um, so yeah, I'll go ahead and try to do that. But I like, I finally was able to redeem the
October ones. I could not get their online site to work correctly. It would not detect that I have
PlayStation plus, even though I very much do have PlayStation plus I have a boot up my PlayStation
four to actually go download them. There's a very easy new method to try that I will talk about
later wink. Yeah. Look at the show roll what's coming up and that's how I did it. And it's,
it's easy. All right. And then on top of that, um, we talked about last week, how call of duty was
reducing the file size of modern warfare, um, to allow it to be, you know, more digestible,
but, uh, the new call of duty black, um, cold war, uh, black ops, cold war, it's going to be
250 gigabytes on PC, which is enormous. Oh my God. So apparently though they have a non 4k
install, which brings it down to one 75 gigabytes or a multiplayer only client, which is only 50
gigabytes, but Jesus says ridiculous. Wow. Hopefully the console version isn't, isn't as big
because I mean, the day one batch, that's the whole game. We'll look at like play, look at a
PlayStation five. I think the usable hard drive space on that. It's like only 700 megabytes. So
you're talking about third of the hard drive used up for one game. That's so stupid. Um,
Bobby black Wolf and chat says, remember data caps in many areas are only 1.2 terabytes.
So that's almost one fifth of a monthly data cap. And yeah, I'm, I'm getting to the point where
those data caps are really getting to be a concern. We hit like 980 gigs, like within the
past month, but it's because, um, without getting into it, like basically like somebody would leave
Twitch streams running and not be there watching them for a couple of hours. Um, and you know,
I was like, we got, but you know, I understand like, I'm sympathetic to this because how often
have we had the TV on in the background and just had it running and it's background noise. Shit.
My TV came with an ambient mode that that is its purpose is to just be on in the background kind
of running. So that's kind of like what we've kind of instilled with our motions, but now it's like,
Oh crap, I can't do that with a constantly downloading stream or something because
I might hit a bandwidth cap. Like, and that's, it's crazy that that's the thing we have to
worry about right now. I really hope these companies kind of evaluate that stuff. So yes,
Bobby Blackwell says Smush needs to close his Twitch streams. Yes, he does. Yes, he does.
So, all right. And no one special Twitch streams. Did I, I don't think, I don't think I said the
other thing you're hinting at there. All right. Anyway, let's move on. Um, so, uh, let's talk
about N7 Day cause that's going to be this week. And of course, if you're a fan of Mass Effect,
then you know that November 7th or N7 is kind of a big deal. Um, and you know, N7 Day never went
away. It's always kind of an annual celebration of Mass Effect, although I feel like they do some
bigger things one years than others, but, uh, what's happening, uh, Marc Meer actually said,
uh, over the weekend that he's going to be doing a, or joining an N7 Day stream that's taking place
on November 7th at 11 AM Pacific. And it's not just going to be him. Jennifer Hale will be there
too. So if you're male Shep or female Shep, guess what? They will both be there. And the voice actors
for Caden, Liara, Jack, Grunt, Ashley, Samantha trainer, Morden and Legion are all going to be
there. Now, something interesting I noticed about that list. It's all characters from the original
trilogy and none from Andromeda. Now, I said I wasn't going to talk about that game until
they officially announce it, but if I were going to finally, finally fucking announce that game,
this might be the group of people I want to get together on a Zoom call to do it.
Probably. Didn't we have it rumored that it was supposed to be still coming out like, uh,
like trademarks or something or, uh, ESRV ratings? You know what, Loki? I'm not going to talk about
it. You know, sorry. You know how I feel. It'll happen when it happens. But I,
let me just put it this way. If they don't say anything at this November 7th thing,
then like, I am so done. I am so, I can't even. Wouldn't it make more sense for those remakes to
come out on the brand new systems that they're releasing just now versus like the current
systems? Wouldn't you think that that might be why they're waiting a little bit? And I'd
be okay with that. And that Loki, that's a very logical answer. Um, and I am all about that
answer if that is the case. Yes. We'll see. All right. Anyhow. Uh, other, one other story here.
Oh yes. Wizardry. I don't know if y'all know about the wizardry series, but this, this goes way back
in gaming's history, right? The classic classic games wizardry. Um, well, a Japanese company
named DRECOM has just picked up the copyright domestic foreign trademark rights to wizardry.
And that means they now have the copyrights to wizardry six, seven and eight and wizardry gold.
And they basically have the trademark over that name. This company is saying they will, uh, keep
their commitment to the acquisition of popular intellectual properties and the development and
cultivation of the internal properties. Here's the downside. DRECOM is a mobile game developer
and they're based out of Tokyo. Uh, now they've worked on cool stuff like Disgaea, RPG,
everybody's golf, the mobile version. So, you know, there's the, it's not all bad news. Um,
but that's where the wizardry stuff is right now. So maybe, maybe Loki, they'll make something that
will be for Facebook gaming cloud service. Oh, check out that wizardry I'm showing. All right.
That's it for rapid fire news. Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates. I
know we're getting into that time of year where there's going to be a lot, right? Loki.
Um, not so much this week because they're saving it all for next week. Um, this week we've got,
uh, Bakugan champions of Astoria that's on Nintendo switch, uh, Jurassic world evolution
complete edition on Nintendo switch, uh, sold near X two of final prototype definitive edition
on PlayStation four shadow verse champions battle on Nintendo switch
descenders on Nintendo switch dirt five on PC PlayStation four and X-Box one need for speed,
hot pursuit remastered on PC PlayStation four and X-Box one. And last but not least
tropical six on Nintendo switch. That's it. All right. Well, Japan has, uh, quite a few
releases this week compared to other weeks on the Nintendo switch this week. Uh, we have
alpaca ball all stars is out this week. And I'm wondering if, I'm wondering if that is actually
some type of game that stars alpacas that you actually like. Oh my God, it is fabulous. I am
all about that. Uh, and it looks like that game's coming out in Europe as well at some point. So
I'm sure we'll get it here. We'll see. Um, other games coming out in Japan, construction simulator
two and three on the switch. Uh, we also have real time battle Shogi online, um,
Ochi de Rilakkuma, uh, Rilakkuma ga Ochi ni Yatakita comes out this week. Uh, we also have
shadow verse champions battle and a game called Mary Skelter finale. And I was like,
what the hell is this game? Check out this description. You ready? Mary Skelter finale
is the latest series that depicts the end of jailbreak drama that revealed through Mary
Skelter nightmares, Mary Skelter two and the Mary Skelter short stories.
The protagonist who is trapped in jail with a living prison full of strings,
monsters called Martians aims to escape with the help of blood maidens who possess a special power
and judging from the special art book, the blood maidens are sexy maidens.
So, I mean, aren't they all, I would hope so. All right. Happy Halloween. A little late. Anyway,
on the PlayStation four that Mary Skelter finale games also out there, as well as ACE combat seven,
getting a price reduction and, uh, that's it. So it's a little more exciting on the switch this
week. Um, how about the UK Loki since, uh, dark soccer took off. So yeah, in the UK, we've got,
uh, the walking dead saints and sinners, the complete collection on PlayStation four,
Troy, a total war saga on PC ancestors legacy on switch instant chef party on Nintendo switch
need for speed hot pursuit. Uh, I believe that's the remake that's on PlayStation four and Xbox one.
Uh, let's see. And they're also selling a combination Pokemon sword plus expansion pack,
both a sword and shield that they're doing that. And those are both on the switch. Of course,
uh, black desert procedure edition on PlayStation four and Xbox one LOL surprise remix. We rule the
world on Nintendo switch Stardew valley on Nintendo switch and see Tropico six.
Also Nintendo switch PAW patrol, mighty pups on a PlayStation four, Xbox one and Nintendo switch
cloud punk on PlayStation four, Xbox one and Nintendo switch. And they have a little bit
more games over there. Um, Bakugan champion champion of petroleum on to the switch dirt
five on PlayStation four and Xbox one descenders on Nintendo switch. And thankfully that's it.
All right. Big list. Uh, so, uh, some comments cause you know, alpaca ball got some reaction
in chat. And so, uh, we have SSJ, I'm sorry. Act Def says, um, president cat and vice president
alpaca, um, better than the current administration and just saying, uh, how, sorry, I'm not supposed
to talk about politics. Damn it. Uh, but active. I love the fact checking that happens on the show
where our chat goes the extra mile at depth in chat says, uh, or gave a link alpaca ball
all stars is on steam right now. So you don't have to be in Japan to play alpaca ball unless
you want to play it on switch, I guess, uh, in Japan. Uh, but you can get it on steam right now.
And, uh, active to say it is, it is what you think it's alpacas playing soccer best game ever.
I mean, what, what more do you need? I like, I like a game. That's honest. You know,
I don't like a game where the title doesn't make sense and it's vague. And what does it mean?
I'd like a game that just puts it all on the table. You know, this is what it is.
Take it or leave it. All right. This is an alpaca and it's playing soccer. Exactly.
Uh, vidpower 573 in chat says alpaca ball goes great with goat of duty.
What about goat simulator? All right. Go to duty is a little different. It's more of just,
it was kind of, uh, joking off of goat simulator and then, um, call it duty. So
I don't know. It was free for a while ago. That's just J 100. Matt says if 2020 continues to go
south, at least we have this. That's right. 2020 the year of COVID pandemic and well,
Hey, at least there was a packable moving on. You guys are killing me. Moving on. Let's get
to the next story. Uh, Oh, everyone's talking about this, right? Logan. Yeah. So, uh, fortunately
we, we got the news and even though games have gone gold, like cyberpunk 2077, apparently going
gold does not mean that it's still not going to be delayed again. And that's what happened. So,
they had put out a message on Twitter saying that, you know, we were sorry, but unfortunately we need
additional time to work on that. That ominous black text on a yellow background. That's starting
to look like the fucking BBC breaking news alert logo. Like when you, when you see it pop up on
your Twitter feed, you're like, Oh, what now? Right. It's currently been delayed to December
7th or I'm sorry, December 10th. I say currently, because I have a feeling that's going to be
delayed again. And if you want to believe anonymous posts on Twitter, then according to an anonymous
insider that works at CG product, read about four to five months worth of time to work on the game.
So whatever at this point, like I, I don't, so they're working on the day one patch stuff
right now. Obviously I don't see how it gets delayed that much because the game went gold,
right? And they're already pressing the disks, right? So three weeks to make a patch that fixes
some pretty major issues, I guess makes sense, even though technically there's going to be
people who can't download that patch right away. So that disc needs to be able to like,
kind of play the game, but delaying it all the way to March for a day one patch, that just seems
a little, I don't know. But again, you, you, you said the source, so take it or leave it is a
forum post. So, you know, take it or leave it. That would just be very surprising. That's all
I'm going to say. And look, I've heard all that. I get it. I get it. And I usually game delays are
fine because I get it. A good game is a bad game is a bad game forever. Blah, blah, blah. Said
Miyamoto. Nobody will remember the delay, which or three was delayed a ton of times. Who cares
at this point? Yes, yes, yes. I get it. And I support all of that. And yes, if the game
isn't ready, then fucking delay it. I get it. However, the sheer number of times it's had to
be delayed. And then on top of that, a three week delay, like a little baby step delay.
There's something about those little, like, you know, bumblebee looking announcements on
the cyberpunk Twitter that are just starting to become self parody in a way. You know what I mean?
It's like, and they are, in fact, a bunch of people were parodying to make all sorts of
announcements. Where is your project management? Like, how have you guys missed the day so many
times? Well, I'm okay. You know what? Pandemic. Everybody's working from home. Not everybody was
prepared for that. I do get it. But you know, you just can't help. But that was the September to
November delay. So what about the rest of the time? You can't help, but just feels a little
bit of like, Oh my God, what is what is going on over there? But hey, look, if the game comes out,
and it kicks all sort of asses every, you know, everybody's setting the bar pretty fucking high
for this game. So I mean, that's that act. I see that as a problem in some ways. Maybe the delays
are to help lower the bar. I don't know. But people are setting the bar pretty fucking high
for this game. So hopefully it delivers. And you know, people, you're right, like The Witcher 3,
nobody's gonna care about the delay at the end of the day. But, and I brought this up on Bobby's
show before we went live tonight, one interesting thing about even a three week delay is that now
this game is no longer going to be eligible for the Game Awards this year. Because Game Awards
eligibility, if I remember right, based on last year, runs through the last week in November. It
may not be exactly November 30. But it's around that like, black, sorry, something just fell over
in studio. It's around that Black Friday timeline. So by bumping into December, they're gonna miss
it. So now it's not going to be eligible for Game of the Year. And it's gonna have to be one of
those games that you kind of remember deep into 2021 against whatever else comes out next year.
And you know, you might have some big, you know, like, Horizon Forbidden West, or maybe even the
Ragnarok game are going to be out on PlayStation 5. Microsoft will finally get Halo out and
whatever other big titles they have, you know, there's gonna be some pretty whopper titles next
year. So Cyberpunk is gonna have to compete against all that as opposed to this year where
Nintendo isn't putting out a lot this holiday. Animal Crossing is likely to be a Game of the
Year nominee just because of what it, you know, kind of represents with the pandemic and everything.
And Final Fantasy 7 Remake will probably get a nomination. And I'm not saying, I think Hades
really stands a shot at getting a nomination. At least I hope it does. It does in my heart.
But I feel like this is like an, and it's not what the quality of games this year has been bad.
But I think just by nature, because it has been in a technological sense, the lame duck year before
the new consoles, and then the pandemic on top of that, I mean, look at the pandemic did in the
movie industry, right? Like the Oscars next year. Like, what are the Oscars gonna look like next
year? They're combining like, isn't it like 15 months of movies or something? It's gonna be weird.
So, it's gonna be interesting to see what that does to award season and so forth and what game
actually does win the game awards. So, SSG100Matt in chat says, I'm fine with the delay. All kidding
aside, I personally don't have the time to play right now. I just moved and I don't even have a
console set up. Do you think, Loki, if they were to do a bigger delay into March, and that's a big
if, okay? I'm gonna play the tin foil hat game just because we have the time to do that on a
three-hour show. To play the tin foil hat game, if they do bump it to March, you had just mentioned
about Mass Effect. Wouldn't you rather they delay it to make it even better on the new systems?
Do you think bumping it to March may be because they're going to jazz it up, zhuzh it up for the
new systems even more than they'd planned? They were already gonna do that, though. They were
already delaying the next-gen versions until March, so they were already planning. Isn't that the problem?
Didn't they say that in their last release? They have, yeah, but they have nine versions to work on
excluding the two next-gen versions. They have the versions, basically, so they have the, you know,
PlayStation 4, PC. They have, you know, the PlayStation 4 Pro, PlayStation 5 backwards
compatibility, Xbox One, Xbox Series X backwards compatibility, Xbox Series S backwards
compatibility. I'm not sure what all the other ones were, but it's a lot of stuff that they have
to test to see if it's going to be working correctly, and
I don't know. That's excluding the other versions, though. Oh, and I'm sorry, Stadia.
How could I forget Stadia? Well, it's easy. Facebook Gaming. I don't see Facebook Gaming on there,
so that's a plus. Clearly, it's not a real game. All right, let's move on. Loki, I mentioned earlier
in the show about another way to get your PlayStation Plus games, and that is through
the brand new PlayStation app. So, Sony actually updated the PlayStation app, which is to match
the re-look of the PlayStation 5 and so forth, and so far, the new app seems to be doing better than
the new store did when we were talking about that last week, where it was like, where is the title
of the games? But I will say, if you check out, are you looking down right now because you're
downloading the app? I'm looking at my PlayStation. I already have a PlayStation app.
Look, I have to look at my phone during the show sometimes, too. That's too funny a time
that I'm talking about that, and suddenly you're looking down. Well, I want to see if it looks
right. And see if you can redeem your PlayStation Plus game and see if it's a little easier. Oh,
wait, you already did. I already did, yeah. All right. Well, anyway, so you can go into that,
and what's neat about it is that you'll be able to actually manage your PlayStation 5
storage through the app as well, which I believe Xbox Game Pass app allows you to do that a little
bit, too. So it's nice that Sony is joining that, too, where you can kind of mobile manage it,
especially when you're talking about downloading big games. And I think that's why it's important
to be able to connect to your system and kind of manage some of the big, big, especially if you got
like 250 gigs filled up by Go to Duty or whatever, then you got to delete some stuff to make room
sometimes. So anyway, the app was updated this last week. It was updated on iOS and Android.
There's now a home screen, and you have friends on there and recently played games. The app used
to be split. There was a messaging app, and thank God somebody figured out that was a terrible idea,
and they homogenized that into the one app. So if you have the standalone messaging app,
you can get rid of it. The main app will show you your friends list, let you chat with those people.
Messages is in there as well. And that's pretty cool. You can also, through the app, voice chat
with friends on their PlayStation. So that's something they're kind of bridging the gap with
as well. Whereas like, you know, on Nintendo, the only voice chat is through the app. And I don't
think Microsoft really has that right now, where you can chat through the app with people in the
game. It could be wrong. Good, because it's a terrible idea, unless you're not like playing
with people and you just want to chat with some random person that has a PlayStation account,
but they're not playing games. You could just like call them on the phone,
or FaceTime or whatever. Use my phone for phone things? No. Or, you know, Discord's the thing,
I guess. Yeah. Discord's the big one now too. That's a lot. Like, you know, I play games with
people. We just hang on Discord. So there's been nights where like, I'm playing something,
my friend's playing something else, and we're still just chatting on Discord. You know,
whatever. So anyway. Also, the store. You know, the store is integrated into the app,
because that's the real money maker. So because the app doesn't cost you anything,
but if you want to buy stuff through the store, that will do it. But you can also, again,
manage that remotely. So that's pretty cool. I'm glad to hear the app is getting an update.
I'm very glad to hear it's not two separate apps anymore. And again, I went in there and
used the app a little bit and it was good. I was able to redeem my game. So try that next month,
Loki. I will try that next month since their website sucks. All right. So bad. Maybe they'll
fix the website by next month, but we'll see. All right. I got another story for you guys,
and it's about Netflix. I know a lot of you guys are, you know, streaming and watching all that.
And we know that there's a lot of video game related projects in the works at Netflix right
now. But let me take a moment to tell you just how many there are. There are 10 different projects
in the works right now at Netflix. And this list doesn't even have The Witcher, apparently. The
Witcher Blood Origin, I guess, is the new... I'm sorry. The Witcher Blood Origin is the prequel
series. So that is on the list. But The Witcher season two is not on this list I'm about to read
here. So there's two Witcher shows right now. Although yes, if you want to get technical,
The Witcher is based on a book. But we all know the game helped and the game set our expectations
of what the show would actually look like. What else is in the works? Resident Evil,
a live action series. Resident Evil Infinite Darkness, a animated series. Assassin's Creed,
a live series. Cyberpunk Edgerunners, an animated series. Splinter Cell, an animated series. The
Division, a live movie. Devil May Cry, an animated series. Final Fantasy, a live series. I keep
forgetting that is in development. It's actually... This list doesn't say it's Final Fantasy 14,
but it is. Not something because it's the same people that did The Witcher that are working on
it. And The Cuphead Show, an animated series. All of that being worked on right now. And
Castlevania is getting a fourth season. Dragon's Dogma just came out within this last month,
that animated series. So Netflix is like the home of video game adaptations right now. It's
pretty crazy. But that's good. What do you think about all these video game projects on... This
doesn't even count what's already out there, like the Ingress anime, although I doubt they're doing
another season of that. Or some of the other stuff that's out there. It's just kind of neat.
I probably won't get around to watching it. I still haven't watched any of The Witcher or
Castlevania, even though I hear those are really good. I did, unfortunately,
try watching the Ingress anime and that was not very good. I don't know. Maybe I'll check out
one of them. Maybe the live action Final Fantasy 14 would be interesting. We'll see. I have to run
out of things to watch. Questbuster in chat says, the Dragon's Dogma one isn't bad. So there's that.
SG100Matt says, hope they all don't suck. All right. I think they're pretty good so far. I
don't think that there's a lot that have been really terrible. The only thing that makes
Ingress the anime bad is the same thing that makes Ingress bad. And that's the storyline's
too convoluted and doesn't make any sense. Who plays for the story?
I will cry. I understand that. But why make an anime if the story is not compelling?
I don't know. It's just not very good. But that's the fault of the source material. Not so much
that the people aren't talented enough to make it into a series. All right. Well, let's move on.
Loki, we have a couple more stories before we get to the listener roundtable. Loki.
People need to leave Sakurai alone. I mean, he's just a perfectionist. A little too much
of a perfectionist, though, because his original scope for the adding Steve and the Minecraft
characters to Smash Ultimate was he wanted to allow players to create their own Minecraft
levels and be able to import them into Smash. That's crazy. Obviously. Obviously, that was not
something that was implemented. Welcome to my Minecraft level dungeon of dicks.
Because you know, that's what they would have done.
It was too difficult in development to get it working. And so he just didn't end up having
something, you know, like that implemented. But. I mean, it's fine that Sakurai opted to take a nap
and he earned it, so leave him alone. Like, I could do all this extra stuff
or it could take a nap and nap is probably a better thing. Honestly,
he earned it. Don't give him shit. I will fight you.
All right. So can you imagine what that would have looked like if actual Minecraft was?
I think that was just a bad idea to begin with, because, you know,
people are going to do Booby Stadium, Dungeon of Dicks, you name it, somebody's going to do it.
So it's probably for the best that they didn't, you know, didn't do it. All right.
Yeah. Moving on. This is a this is a nice one to end the show on a little bit. We still have
Listener Roundtable coming up. But for our last news story here, the PlayStation 2 is celebrating
an anniversary. That's right. The PlayStation 2 is 20 years old this week. The PlayStation 2
came out 20 years ago in North America. So I know some of you want to get technical with the
Japanese release and all that good stuff. But obviously, a lot of people looking back fondly
on the PlayStation 2 as one of the greatest consoles of all time. You know, yes, even
counting Super Nintendo and Dreamcast and all your other faves. You know, PlayStation 2 brought
us a lot of huge series when we talk about things like God of War, you know, just how Metal Gear
Solid, although, yes, the original was on the PlayStation, the sequels really upped the game
and so on. Like, was there a game that just really defined the PlayStation 2 for you, Loki?
I mean, a lot of like Grand Theft Auto 3 and 4, or I'm sorry, 3 and Vice City, San Andreas.
I mean, those are pretty big. Dance Dance Revolution, a lot of the games we played on there.
Honestly, BeatMania 2DX, even though that was in Japan. Like for me, those games really defined
that era and like why I had a Japanese PlayStation 2 before I had an American one because of that.
A lot of like the early stuff I want to say, because, you know, back the PlayStation was also,
well, I didn't have Final Fantasy XI on it, but I did have the HD loader, so that was fun,
you know, loading games on with that. Oh, yes. Here's some answers from chat. Bobby Blackwolf
says Kadamari Damacy. W04 says all the Clover Studio games were mint. Vidpower says PlayStation
2 was a great console and a great DVD player. That's very true. That is why that thing sold
buku bananas because, you know, putting the DVD stuff in there was a great idea. Sacred Jade says
Mortal Kombat Deadly Alliance and Deception. So, yes. And Magic Pen Gel from me. That was a
PlayStation 2 all time great. Although, you know, I've always been a sucker for Final Fantasy games.
So, I mean, Final Fantasy X was huge. XII was great. And, of course, XI online. PlayStation 2,
that game was made for PlayStation 2, really. The PC was kind of secondary. By the time we got it
in the US, we got it with the first expansion. That game was really made for the PlayStation 2
in Japan. So, that's a big one too. Some other music games coming in from Bobby saying Mad
Maestro and Guitar Man. So, yeah. Good answers, guys. Good answers. So, looking back on the
PlayStation 2 and yes, you're old because the PlayStation 2 just turned 20. Now, how old are
you? How old were you when you got a PlayStation 2? Add 20 to it. All right. You're welcome.
Let's move on to the listener roundtable. If you have questions in chat or comments or think
probably going to be cursing me out after what I just said. But things you want to talk about here
on air, please, by all means, leave those questions and comments in chat. I'll get to as many of those
as I can. But as part of the roundtable, I also want to get to the mailbag. So, let's get to the
mailbag tonight. And we do have a couple of emails tonight here. And first, I want to mention this
because Bobby can't resist a cheap plug here. But it's a good plug and I will allow it. Saying,
thing you're looking forward to in Awesome Games Done Quick, where do we mention on last week's
show? I thought we did. If we didn't, then I'll say it. Bobby is going to be a full host for the
next one. He was a pinch hitter host on the Summer Games event. And he did one hosting stint on the
Devil May Cry 4 speed run. But he's going to get a full shift this time. He's going to be doing
multiple games for Awesome Games. That's great. Congrats, Bobby. And yes, I did look at the list
earlier this week. And the thing that caught my eye that I hope Bobby gets to voice, although I'm
sure lots of people will be wanting to do it, is the Beat Saber Showcase in VR. Even though I know
Bobby doesn't like those super crazy hard levels, but I think if somebody else is doing it and is
doing it very well, it'll be an awesome thing to kind of look at, watch and talk about. So, for me,
that Beat Saber expert thing definitely caught my eye. And I hope they don't put that three o'clock
in the morning my time. I hope it is a primetime event that I'll be able to watch. I also think it's
interesting they have things like BPM, Bullets Per Minute, where that's like a very recent game.
Although, I mean, the game's done quick event, they put out new games are in it all the time.
So that's pretty cool. I don't know if you got a chance to look at the list, Loki, but is there
any speed run you're looking forward to? I'm looking at it right now. The Diablo 3 one caught
my eye too, because Diablo 3 is very random in many ways. Like the maps can be very random. So
I'm kind of curious about the speed run strategy. I imagine there's certain ways you can kind of
tell the seed and things like that. So I'm curious to how that'll work. Yeah, I don't know if there's
anything like I'm super hyped to see. I was hoping they'd have another Minecraft run, but they have
Minecraft Dungeons, which would be interesting. So I'll check that out. I like Minecraft Dungeons.
It's like an old school Diablo. Yeah, so that'd be interesting to see.
Yeah, I don't know. Does anyone run the Burger King games? Because I would really like to see
that. Loki, you're going to be the first. You need to work on that. No, I don't have them anymore. I
only have a Pocket Bike Racing, and that was literally the worst one of the bunch. I think I
have a copy of Sneak King still, and it should be backwards compatible. I don't know. I've never
tried. It should be, you know, because they have both the Xbox and Xbox 360 versions on the same
disk. Loki, Loki, hell with your game. To hell with your game. You need to be the world speed
run champion of Sneak King. No, I don't want to do that. It was funny though. Actually, I like
somebody I follow who's a game developer. This guy named Danny who streams a lot on, or he does a lot
of YouTube stuff, and he's actually been dedicating himself to try to become a Minecraft speedrunner.
I was like, yeah, you know, he could do it. I probably could do it too. I just still, so the
problem is I don't use mousey keyboard a lot for anything PC, so I'm already at a disadvantage
because I never was really kind of, I'm not used to using the mouse and keyboard, so I'd have to
get used to that, and that's a whole learning curve right there, but I like watching them.
All right, let's get to some emails. We did get some emails tonight. Participate
at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, and we're going to read some on the air. So we have Amish
with our first email tonight. Hello, hello. Saying, dear OLR, hi. Amish here, or Michikins on Twitch.
First and foremost, I'd like to ask you that you please excuse any spelling and grammar mistakes,
as my spelling and grammar are horrible. Well, lucky you got me tonight. Just teasing, maybe.
All right, so moving on. No worries. I have bad spelling and grammar because text messages have
ruined me, as I think they've ruined a lot of people. Anyway, now down to brass tacks. So
I've been watching the show since maybe early 2000-ish, and I have to say I am a long-time fan.
That is a very long time. So we started in the early 2000s, so thank you so much for being here
and being a part of it. Thank you, thank you. I may not always participate, but I do listen to
every show. I just wanted to let you know you are all doing a great job at uplifting every gamer's
voice and letting them be heard. That means a lot that somebody would call that out and acknowledge
that. So thank you very much, Amish. I appreciate that. I'm saying, continuing on with the email.
Anyway, what I was writing about was that recently you discussed inclusion of the disabled in games.
Well, recently I purchased Watch Dogs Legion and discovered they have closed captioning in the
game's menu. When you boot up the game, or is it load the game now? Yeah, I'm that old that I still
spell disc to mean disc and boot to mean load. Anyway, well, as long as you're not saying when I
load star comma eight comma one the game. That's an old C64 reference. I'll leave it at that. I
think people say boot load. I think we all know what you mean. So it's interchangeable, really.
It has the option to use captions and voice when playing the game. I thought that was really neat.
The game literally reads, that's the voice part, what's on the screen for the visually impaired.
That is really cool because I know we have folks who are visually impaired who have listened to
OLR in the past. I don't know if they're listening this week, but I know that type of accessibility
really allows them to play more games. And I am all about games are for everyone. So when a
developer takes the time to put that in their game, I think that means a lot to a lot of people.
So I think that's rad. And I'm glad you called that out so that, you know, if Watch Dogs Legion
maybe wasn't on your radar and maybe you have a disability that this could really help you,
we should put that game on people's radar. That's great. Meaning text and actions, which I think is
cool. Hopefully more games will include such info to help more and more disabled gamers out there.
Well, have a good day. Sincerely, Mish. Thank you so much for the email, Mish. Thank you for the
kind words about the show, of course. And thank you for the FYI that Watch Dogs Legion has some
pretty awesome accessibility issues. Really appreciate that. Cool, cool. And I gotta say,
you know what? Even when it comes to things like closed captioning, now I know that's different.
You were kind of talking about that there's like voices that'll narrate what's on screen,
kind of like, I don't know if you guys know this, but there will oftentimes be showings of movies
at the theater or like things you can get where there's like an extra like earpiece you can use
that if you are visually impaired will describe what's happening on the screen.
Cause like, you know, if there's, it's an action, if you're watching Fast and the Furious or
something, the dialogue in those movies is not exactly at shining point. So some say,
is it just like bananas, bananas, but like fiery car explosion. I haven't watched it. So I couldn't
tell you, but I think it does. I, you know, I don't want to poke fun at it because I think
it is a great thing that they're doing. Um, but you know, I think they do describe a little bit
more in detail what's going on. However, I will say that the reason why I brought it up, like
closed captions, like I, I am a fairly abled gamer where I don't necessarily need closed captions to
get through a game, but I like using them because what I do get is that I get really distracted by
background noise. And sometimes it's really hard for me to isolate of one voice when there's like
a lot of other stuff going on, like my brain kind of wants to go, well, what's that music? What's
this? You know, it's, it's kinda like, so when the closed captioning is on the screen, I can actually
kind of like focus on what the person is saying. And that I think is a great, and I will watch
movies with it. And I know some people hate it. Um, but like, if you've ever watched a foreign film,
you're reading that stuff anyway, which is silly. If you won't watch foreign movies, cause you have
to read subtitles, then you're missing the fuck out. Cause there's a lot of great stuff out there.
So, um, I will use closed captioning on, um, you know, English movies just so I can make sure I
don't miss things or a funny joke or things like that. Um, Bobby Blackwell says I watch Dr. Who
with closed captions because of the accents. Yeah. I mean, exactly. That's a good reason to,
uh, Questbuster says I grew up with sub-titled anime, so my eyes are ready.
And Questbuster also points out the first thing that Watchdogs Legion does is run you through
those accessibility options, which are pretty neat. Uh, Amish is in chat. Hey Amish, who says,
uh, Hey, yeah, I couldn't remember what it's called, but it literally tells you when the
game starts press X button. And I thought that was neat. I use captions myself because I'm visually
impaired somewhat. Uh, and they have that for Minecraft as well. W04 with a good comment too,
that closed captioning is a lifesaver when you have roommates. And that could go a variety of
ways because your roommates are being distracted in the background or like your roommates might be
on a different schedule and trying to sleep. So you're trying to watch a movie at a really
low volume. So yeah, a good call. So, uh, tiger con chat says my issues with movies with subtitles
is that it distracts me from actually seeing the visuals. Well, then you can, you know, they do
have dubs that are available if you want to do it that way. Sometimes it depends on the movie,
or turn closed captioning off, but I, what I like is that there's an option.
You can, you can do a tiger Claus way or you can do it my way. Like I think that option is great.
So, all right. Um, I will get to another email here, but Loki, did you want to chime in with any
last minute stories or anything here before I get to another email? Yeah. Since everyone was
memeing on the fact that the Xbox series X looks like a fridge, they went ahead and made it into
a fridge. So they're offering, well, they have three of them that were made three Xbox series X
fridges. Um, two, they gave to influencers one they're giving away. I thought it was funny
though, that they actually had a fridge that they made, or at least decked out one to look like a
Xbox series X. I think that's great. I love it. I wish I was Snoop dog. Cause he got one, right?
Yeah, he got one and I can't remember the tech. She's a tech streamer. She got one too. Uh,
I just seen, I think, um, and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They're giving one away.
She was huge on Justin TV back in the day, if I remember right. So, uh, anyway, I,
damn, I wish we were popular Loki. I want an Xbox fridge. Eight or 18 years of anything, you know,
or, or was it, or is it one other one I was going to mention too. Uh, so they made the announcement,
the play date is almost done. It's going to be $149 and coming out early 2021. Yeah. And then I
saw, what was it? Uh, Danny over there at, uh, um, gamertag radio is like, Oh look, Hey, I got
this too. It's like, okay, listen, you've gotten enough free systems already in the last few days,
doing your photo shoots and all that. Cut it out. Don't hate on other people's success.
Don't hate, don't hate. I'm just joking. It's just funny though. Cause like, so here's my
glamour shoot out front of my apartment. Here's my glamour shoot in my apartment.
They made, he made a lot of content. They got it. They got their money's worth there. Yeah.
All right. Uh, let's see. Vid power and chat says, well, the Xbox series fridge be worth a
lot of money in the distant future due to its rarity. Why would you ever sell it? If you were
Snoop Dogg or I Justine, why would you ever sell it? I'd use it. Come on Microsoft. We're looking
at getting a new house. I want a new fridge. All right. And I would love my fridge to grow,
glow green like that. Like I know a lot of people associate green with the fridge and like,
Oh, it's moldy or something. But no, I think, I think an Xbox would give the kitchen a nice
mint flavor. Don't you? All right. Anyway, let's get to another email here and then I'll,
I'll see if there's anything else low. He wants to talk about this email is coming from Y Y R
over at participate at orange lawns, radio.com saying hello, LR on last week's episode,
there was a discussion about whether streamers should have to pay royalties to game developers
or publishers as a small indie developer myself. And I'm going to add this part,
download super multitasking. Thank you. Uh, continuing the email, I found the discussion
interesting and I felt compelled to weigh in as an example, it was argued that since music
royalty should be paid. If music is played, why shouldn't developer be paid when their game is
played. And once again, we have a situation where games are different from other forms of media.
Music is obtained and paid for very differently from games. Most of us either replay music that
we already own, listen to music included in the background of games we play, or hear music using
a streaming service. Back in my day, you used to tape them off the radio and then play the cassette
tape. Am I right? Loki. That's how we used to do it. All right. Um, where the beginning and the
end are kind of missing. All right. Uh, anyway, uh, let's see what are the streaming service? Yes.
Uh, if it's the latter, the streaming service pays a tiny royalty to an artist and or a publisher,
but it's one of the other two options. No money changes hands at all.
If a streamer decides to play one of my games on stream, they've already paid me. None of my
currently released games are free to play. So in essence, they've already paid me a royalty of
sorts further. I could consider it free advertising. When a streamer plays one of my games, I naturally
want as much exposure as possible. So this definitely is a benefit to me. Now you could
make a counter argument. What if I sell a million copies and I no longer need that exposure. The
counterpoint to that is simple. This is the gaming industry. One successful game does not guarantee
another. When my next release comes out, I will absolutely need to get it in front of as many
eyeballs as possible. So naturally I'll want the streamers to help me out. Once again, it's a
mutually beneficial relationship on both sides. Streamers get content developers get exposure.
I see zero issues with it. If I'm offered a royalty in the future, maybe I'd take a small
one, say 2%, like the milk. I just wouldn't want to disturb that mutually beneficial relationship.
So that's my two cents. And you know what? I appreciate hearing a developer perspective on
that. I'm still of the feeling that it should maybe be a little bit of a choice. And again,
it's not like a hard line for me. Like I'm not saying like, oh, they need to be collecting their
money and all this stuff. I'm more of the mindset where I'm kind of surprised companies like
Nintendo haven't taken more of a stance on it and tried to be more assertive because Nintendo
doesn't really need the exposure in that regard. I'm just kind of surprised we haven't really had
that conversation. And we kind of have had to an extent on like YouTube, but Nintendo has really
yet to like really assert it on Twitch. So maybe they do ultimately feel like, hey, the exposure,
the talk, it's all ads for our game. It's a good thing in the long run. But I just kind of feel
like if that shoe were to ever to drop, I'm not sure the streamers out there are as in the clear
under repurposing the content with so much percentage of your own content and those
sort of laws that they kind of claim as they might think. But I think at the end of the day,
and I think common ground that I do have with everybody in this scenario is that we need to
take another look at this law because the trademark, the patent, the copyright and all
this law we're working with is from a very different era when these sorts of technologies
didn't exist. And we need to kind of examine this law as a whole. So we don't have a fucking gray
area so that we're not asking these types of questions as to like, what is a person entitled
to and dah, dah, dah, dah, and all this stuff. So that's where my head is at with it, honestly,
at the end of the day. So yeah, and Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, fair use in video games
has never gone in front of a judge. So we don't know if it's legal or not yet. And that's what
I'm saying is that look, I love streaming too, but I'm of this reality where it's like, you know
what? The shoe might drop someday, but, and I'll end with this and I'll move on with the rest of
YYIR's email. If that shoe were to drop and I couldn't stream Nintendo games anymore, I keep
making them the bad guy and I'm only doing it because of that history with YouTube and everything
they tried to pull there. It makes it easy to point at them as the bad guy first. But if YYIR
were to come out and say, look, I know the law allows me to collect, but as an indie developer,
I'm not going to because of all these reasons I just stated in the OLR email, then guess what
YYIR, I'm playing your game. And I bet a lot of streamers would feel the same way. So, and I think
at the end of the day, and that is kind of where I landed last week is that you can make it an
option, but at the end of the day, streamers, if there's companies out there that say we realize
we could collect if we wanted to, we're not going to, to encourage you to play our game,
then streamers are going to follow suit. And I really think at the end of the day,
that's what's going to happen. Okay. So I think, I hope you hear the common ground that I really
think we kind of both have, but I'd love to hear your perspective as somebody who develops and
quite frankly has had their games streamed by me and other people out there, as you were talking
about in a previous email, which is always cool to see. All right. Onto another topic from YYIR.
I'll end by saying that I'm deeply disturbed and highly offended by a comment Rob made last week.
Well, he dared to say that White Castle burgers were gross. Rob, you take that back. You take
that back right now, or I will be all over you like mayonnaise on French fries or not.
My official response is I said what I said. That is my response. White Castle burgers are gross.
You know why they're gross? And I think it's why I don't really like McDonald's burgers that much
either. It's that steam cooking that they do at White Castle. It's gross. Now look,
I wasn't high when I ate them in Vegas and maybe if I had been, I would have enjoyed it more.
Not that I'm saying you are, but I'm just saying. I am disappointed that their closest restaurant
is in Vegas, but yeah, go on. Yeah. And that's where I had them for the first time was in Vegas.
So, there is that. S2100 Matt says, I mean, Rob wasn't wrong. Thank you, Matt. Appreciate
you being in my quarter. W04 says do not back down, Rob. I won't. This is my hill and I'm dying
on it. White Castle is overrated, but W04 does follow up saying in and out over everything.
Maybe it's because I live in California, but like in and out. In and out is good.
I don't dislike in and out by any means, but I feel like I only eat it when people are visiting
want to have in and out because they can never have it. And that's enough for me.
Like it's very rare that I'm like craving in and out. You know what I mean? I'm usually more,
I'm more now into places like Smashburger and like those types of places that kind of
Chipotle-ed the burger by doing and Shake Shack. We actually have a Shake Shack here in SAC now.
That came up on a previous episode and I like going there. I like the slightly more upscale.
Um, I do think as far as like, but see steaming the burgers, see, uh, DJ Rama S says, bro,
steam burgers are the best. Hard disagree. I'm sorry. Like if I, if I have to eat a fast food
burger and I know now I know I'm going to get screamed at if I'm talking like fast food,
honestly, like the way Burger King does it with the flame grill is way better than like
McDonald's or White Castle. That is, that is the way to do it. So that's my opinion. All right.
Uh, let's see. So lastly from YYR, uh, thanks again for the show. Election day seemed to be
miles away and here it is just two days out. We've made it this far. Hope you all continue
to hang in there. I'm trying. Hugs, Aaron, YYR. Thank you. It's uh, it's, it's been a crazy year
and like, honestly, I'm sitting here going, what can I do on Tuesday night that will not like,
and like the easy answer is play video games, but like where I am not even tempted to flip the
channel and obsess over the map as the vote tallies are coming in. And, you know, my,
my own feelings on all of this, like, what can I just like, I seriously just want to get in the car
and drive to the forest and go camping or look at stars or something that night, just
so I am nowhere near your, you're going to go to the Fort. Yes. I'm going to go to the Fort.
All right. Uh, any other last minute stories for us? Thank you for the email YYR.
Um, no, I don't really have anything else. All right. Then I think we're going to wrap up the
show. So, uh, that's it. Thank you guys so much for listening to Orange Launch Radio. I appreciate
you participating along with the show. Uh, thank you so much. Uh, we are the show where every gamer
has a voice. So if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, tell a friend,
uh, help us spread the word, um, tell a friend or two about the show, a nice tweet, an auto host on
Twitch goes a long way. I still can't see the host cause I'm logged in with the wrong account, but,
uh, I'll have to talk to Bobby if maybe I should switch over to the main account when I do this so
I can see the host. Um, but yeah, thank you guys so much for that. Um, uh, for, for the hosts and
all that stuff and those that go the extra mile with the follows and the bits and subs and all
that really appreciate you. And I'll, I'll shout those out after the show here, uh, live on Twitch.
Um, and thanks. Thanks for, um, uh, giving us something to look forward to in these pandemic-y
times where it's like, ah, I'm stuck at home all the time, nothing to do, but the show gives me
something to look forward to. So I really appreciate that. All right. Um, final thoughts
time. Loki, how about you? Your final thought? Just going to keep working on my game. Sounds
like a way to do it. Make making progress. All right. And my final thought is, um, whatever
happens on Tuesday, it's going to be fine. No matter which side of the fence you're on politically,
it's gonna, it might feel very bad. Um, but you know, and I've said this on a previous episode
about you all know my love of drag queens and things like that. And I, I kind of ending with
my final thought as something like Katya said on an episode of All Stars 2 that has not left my
mind since then, uh, is when she says, she looks in the mirror and she says, I'm not going to panic
because I don't do that anymore. So that is my mindset going into whatever may come this week.
And, um, and 2020 in general, because even if the election does go the way I want it to,
and I'm talking up and down the ballot with propositions and everything else that I'm,
I'm looking at, not just the, not just the big one. Um, I, I just, yeah, I'm not gonna panic
about a lot of stuff that I don't, I can't control. So that's, that's it. Yeah. And pod
culture and chat says, it's going to be ugly no matter how things go. And I think that is true.
Act F says, if we have endured 2020 so far, we can make this work. And I hope so. And I hope the one
positive thing about this extremely negative year is that humanity can evolve as a result of it.
If that makes sense, we're going to become smarter together and stronger together,
hopefully. And I'll leave you on that thought. So, um, enjoy playing your games, enjoy, uh,
the next, um, you know, seven days of gaming, enjoy, uh, this week, you know, uh, and enjoy
looking forward to the next consoles, PlayStation five, uh, and Xbox series X and all that good
stuff. Have a wonderful week. You guys we'll see you next time. Good night. You've been listening
to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live
show. Tune into bog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or bog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Okay.
