This week, the never-ending flame wars and battle of console supremacy continues!
It's a new console generation, and I hope you have the console where your friends play
and library exists.
After all, it's your choice for your own reasons.
Never forget the immoral words of your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki that
a console is only as good as the games that are on it, which this generation includes
the games you previously owned still being compatible on the new consoles.
We'll discuss this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show
where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice.
We are back once again with another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight with episode number 844 of our show for November the 22nd of 2020.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I am joined by my co-hosts.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm well.
Good.
I'm going to come back to you in a minute though, because we have some more stuff to
discuss.
Exactly.
Okay.
Say hello.
And I said before the show I was going to do it differently, but 18-year-old habits
are hard to break.
So please also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hey, how's it going?
Hey, good.
How are you?
Doing all right.
Good.
What's that game behind you tonight?
Was that Uniracers?
It's kind of what it looks like.
It is Uniracers.
Rad.
I was refreshing it because there was a nice banner ad for some sort of, I see a berry
thing.
I was like, nope.
All right.
Well, that's okay.
That's okay.
Oh, that's another banner ad.
Cool.
That's the Nintendo 64 version.
Isn't it?
I don't know if I ever played.
Super Nintendo.
Okay.
It is Super Nintendo.
Is it Uniracers 64?
Am I making that up?
No.
Then you're making that up.
I am totally making that up.
Why did I think there was a second Uniracers game?
Maybe you're thinking of Excitebike.
Was it on Game Boy?
I don't know.
No, I'm definitely not thinking of Excitebike.
I don't remember if there was a Game Boy version of Uniracers.
There might've been, but no, it was only on Super Nintendo.
All right.
Before we get into our kickoff topic tonight, which is going to be about a game we've talked
about a little bit on this show before.
I want to go back to Dark Sakura tonight because we've been talking the past couple of weeks
about you are a fan of the show Supernatural, which has a pretty impressive run.
It's not quite as impressive as the run of this show at 18 years, but 15 years, great
minds think like me, 15 years of a one TV show is certainly no slouch.
You and I were talking a little bit before the show tonight, a finale was met with some
mixed kind of feelings.
By the way, on cam, I have baby.
I don't even know what that is.
Do they have a Batmobile type of thing?
Is that what that is?
It's the Impala.
It's the baby.
I think I've maybe ever seen one episode.
It's a lot to catch up on, but I will say Dark Sakura, it wasn't your endorsement that
made me want to watch Supernatural.
Do you know who endorsed Supernatural that now I want to watch it?
Stacey Abrams.
Well, yeah, I think the entire fandom let out a big gasp when they found she was a fan.
She's clearly a sci-fi nerd and I'm living for it.
Yeah, totally.
I've really been enjoying following her on Twitter lately, but yeah, my favorite show
that I've watched since the first episode that a lot of the milestones I've had as a
host of Orange Lounge Radio, I have had as a fan of Supernatural as well, including getting
married and losing a cat and getting another cat and all of our milestones.
I'd also like to say that for me, because I'm only a couple of years older than Jensen
Ackles who plays Dean, that I have grown up with the characters and so it was kind
of for me watching the characters grow as people and me growing, it made logical sense.
I could stay with that aspect.
Does that make sense?
Oh yeah, no, absolutely.
You know, and somebody, I had tweeted a little plug for the show tonight as I tend to do
on my personal Twitter account and somebody was kind enough to reply.
It was Sy Coon on Twitter replied and said, do you remember that name?
I remember from chat a long time ago said, oh, LR was a formative part of my youth and
I still love them to pieces.
Go have a listen pals.
And I was like, oh, that's, that's why I still do this shit every week is nice comments like
that.
It's very kind.
I do also want to introduce our chat room because we do tape live every Sunday night
at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at the voice of geeks network, twitch.tv slash
vog network.
And you guys can participate along with our show.
First comment tonight from Kevin DDR who says, oh, LR outlasting supernatural is truly
an accomplishment.
Thank you.
At the end, there can be only one.
So there's another like big thing that's happening next week.
So the ready player twos coming out and I was reading, I was like trying to re read
some reviews on it and they're all, yeah, it's nine years in the making.
Like it's been nine years or he's cheese, but time flies.
Seriously.
Um, yeah, I was just going to ask you because we were talking a little bit before the show
about supernatural and kind of the fandom reaction and, and you know, I know this is
a show about video games, but I definitely saw some parallels, uh, in a not great way,
unfortunately, to kind of what you were talking about with some of the stuff in the supernatural
fandom and things that we've seen in the gaming fandom.
And you know, we're talking about history and things that have changed in 15 years or
18 years, depending on what show we're talking about right now.
Um, one of those things that is kind of better and worse is the fact that you can reach out
to people so instantaneously on social media.
I mean, when this show started, we didn't have Twitter and some of that stuff.
And in some ways they, thank gosh.
Right.
But Jamie, you want to elaborate on that a little bit?
Like what's, what's the supernatural fandom going through?
Well, a lot of people are, are kind of up in arms over the ending, um, that, you know,
there were characters slighted that the way that it ended in shit, I really don't want
to spoil it, but the way that it was ended, denied certain aspects of characters that
it ruined character arcs and, and me, I personally, I don't see that I, I thought it was, it was
right the way that it ended.
But we've now had so much, just, I don't even have a word for it.
Just people who have been, we've gone from the flat out and I'm looking at some of it
as grief, you know, cause people keep, people can grieve over the stuff that they love that
that's appropriate, but I'm, you know, we still have a lot of the denial and, Oh, it
should have been this way and let's petition to have their, their, the petitions already
out by the way.
Um, but like one of my favorite actors who was just a glorious human being, Jim Beaver,
he was chased off of Twitter because, you know, and I don't even think that a lot of
what was going at him was, uh, was necessarily badly worded or attacking, but it was so many,
you know what I mean?
When you have a lot of people saying the same thing and not all of them are mature about
it, it'll really come across as bullying.
It's overwhelming.
Yeah.
Um, and um, you know, people are now going on IMDB and leaving poor reviews.
And the thing with that is that a lot of them are making light of mental illness and suicide
and every last one of them I've run across, I have reported because you don't fuck with
those topics.
You do not.
Um, but especially when I have friends that would be with me today, if they hadn't taken
their lives.
Um, there, uh, there've been just, just anywhere from just, you know, basic whining to really
good conversation.
The really good conversation is what I have been, uh, been happiest with.
Um, and, uh, there have also been, I'd say discussions about, you know, really good discussions
that have come out about sexuality, about, um, representation, you know, arguing out
against the kill your gays trope, which, um, I, I half see it and half don't, and I can
go into that.
Um, when I post my blog post, um, because there's going to be a blog post, I actually
could not post Friday night.
Um, well, cause number one, um, I was in Reno.
I'm sure there's many blog posts that are being written about the finale, not just,
you know, I wasn't in Reno.
I just come back from Reno.
Um, but, but no, I am going to be, because also some of my perspective on it does come,
I think a little bit just from being autistic that I don't, I have an emotional investment,
but not an emotional expectation, if that makes sense.
I'm really looking at it more as the, the details as opposed to what emotion it evoked.
Does that make sense?
So it was like, how I feel about it is irrelevant in regards to how it actually was.
And so my feelings are in that region.
Let me get some comments from our chat over Twitch TV slash VOG network.
Um, Sia Tabiri in chat says, if anyone is really that sore about things, they could
always look for screen manipulations or fan fix.
You know, um, I think that's an interesting way to kind of deal with it.
And the way I would prefer to see people deal with it rather than bullying is that if you
don't like the ending, write your own damn ending.
I mean, it's not going to do anything to change what happened on TV, but at least you kind
of release that from your system.
And that's something you can share with other people who can then choose to accept it or
reject it.
You know, that's, that's the great things about stories.
You can either let it affect you or not.
Right.
Well, and see, that's the thing.
And for me, I'm, I'm very, I'm not, you know, the big thing was the Destiel shippers, right?
You know, uh, Dean and Castiel, which I'm not one of them.
I mean, if, if it ended up had being a hundred percent canon, then, okay, cool.
You know, I didn't see it coming, you know, maybe one-sidedly, but it is what it is.
Um, I also don't get whatever subtext that people are pointing at, but again, that could
just be because I'm autistic.
We don't really usually get that kind of subtext.
I mean, just as people, you know, um, but I thought that within the scope of what they
had available, it was, it was very well done.
I was pleased with it.
I was satisfied and I cried like a baby, which is great because, and I might've even mentioned
it in the past.
I haven't really been able to cry even after my dad died, um, with everything going on.
It just would not come out.
And like with, uh, with episode 18, I could cry some with episode 20, I bawled and every
time I go back and watch any scene, I, I cry.
And it's been really good for me because now I know what to do.
If I need to cry, I just go back and watch some of those scenes, you know, um,
Isn't that interesting when, when art evokes that type of response because, you know, going
to games and not to spoil my gaming week, but surprise, I was playing No Man's Sky this
week and it was a very random thing that happened in the game, but it was something that made
me think about my mom.
And I did start like welling up a little bit and, you know, I get through most days now
not crying, you know, that all kind of stopped in 2017 when she passed, but there's definitely
little moments in art that will evoke that type of response.
So it's interesting, you know, and, and that can also be TV shows or movies.
Even thinking about it right now, this is the first time I've actually talked to somebody
verbally that is not Dan and, and Dan's not like the biggest fan of the show.
He's caught episodes with me, but you know, we, we had to talk about it.
But I found his observations to be astute.
But the biggest thing I kept thinking of reading everything on, on Twitter, cause I've basically
I've been living on Twitter lately just because I've noticed you've, you've had an increased
Twitter presence from where we were a year ago for sure.
And I actually really, really enjoy the platform a lot more.
I don't really do the list so much.
I kind of like the randomness to come to me and then I check on certain people in person.
But for, for me, the biggest parallel that would just really struck out to me was the
Mass Effect 3 ending, how people acted about that to the point where they actually did
go in and do a revised-ish ending, you know, have the various endings for it.
And I just thought that it was, I just, it just seemed like, Hey, I've, I've heard this
song before.
I've seen the same exact thing happen.
And you know I was actually really happy enough and lucky enough that I could attend some
of the, the Q and A panels that Creation Entertainment has done in light of not being able to have
conventions.
They usually are the ones that run like the various supernatural cons.
And so today was the, the panel this morning with Misha Collins that played Castiel and
then with Jared Padlucki who played Sam.
And I really liked what they had to say about it.
I've recorded both of them.
I'm planning on making them available at some point.
But I really enjoyed the insights they got sort of behind the scenes as the actors behind
it and speaking of representation and, and how it went and talking about, you know, their
own feelings about the ending, which honestly I would a hundred percent see it.
And by the way, Brad, pod culture in chat, that actually I think was absolutely necessary.
Please elaborate for our podcast listeners who can't see chat.
He said the part I hated fucking rebar that a lot of people are kind of sticking on that
point.
And honestly enough, it's not the rebar that did it.
It's the attacker that did it.
It just happened to be there.
And so, which by the way is always how I, I saw that going.
And there's lots of parallels to something that happened in, I want to say season three.
Yeah, it was not season three, um, in, uh, in season two, um, but, uh, I won't go into
that here.
I won't go into that here.
Yeah.
Bobby suggesting you do a vog round table on the finale because clearly there's a lot
more to say.
I think you should do it.
Absolutely.
Get some people together.
Yeah.
Um, we'll, we'll, we'll see about that happening, um, when I don't have 50 million things going
on.
Can I get together a couple listener comments here and then we can move on?
Sure.
Um, so this must be one of your Twitter buddies.
I don't recognize this name, but SV writer 1000 says, I cried a lot also, LOL, or I'm
sorry.
I cried.
Also, I answered a word there.
LOL.
It was a long time coming for me and I'm going to miss this show.
So you're not alone.
I am a million percent with you on that.
I yeah, I'm tying it to games again a little bit.
SSG 100.
Matt says it's like folks attack the mass effect crew after they didn't like the ending
of three threats, downloading the game on platforms.
It's just not necessary, no matter how important a fandom it is to you.
Absolutely.
And I think that's probably the note we'd want to kind of try to wrap this up on is
that, you know, that these types of responses are just like, it's, it's too much, you know,
if you don't like something, okay, you know, but somebody else might've liked it, you know,
I don't know.
Yeah.
Well, and see, that, that's the thing is that right now I just watching the fandom in general
and you know, I've saw the same thing happening with mass effect that people are going through
the stages of grief.
I mean, eventually the acceptance is going to happen but you know, that's why I've been
really encouraging people.
You know, I started writing a fanfic.
I mean, now my fanfic is within the set canon.
So it follows the ending as it portrayed on, on TV.
But for me, I'm working out a few things in my, in my fanfic.
I've already written a chapter of it.
I wrote that chapter in like, I banged that out in like a couple hours.
So it, I've seen some really beautiful fan art come of it.
I mean, the same thing happened, you know, I wrote my own fanfics for mass effect after
the end.
Cause to me, you know, my, my canon in mass effect for the ending is where Shepard lives,
you know?
And I wrote like what three, four different fanfics around that ending, you know?
So I really would encourage any any of my my Twitter buddies who are listening to the
podcast right now I would really encourage you that with your, with your feelings about
this, with how you're doing it, put it into something creative, which I do need to interject
one last thing.
All right.
That a bunch of fans, you know, in, you know that's what I'm thinking of just in their
reaction to wanting to do something when they could not do anything about the ending, right?
They gathered, they raised a lot of money for the Trevor project.
Like the goal was something like 800 bucks and it's now almost a 2000 nice.
And I'll find, I'll find the, the link to the charity but I, it's called like Castile
something.
I'll have to look it up again.
So I will find that again and I'll, I'll put it in the chat here and I'll see about reposting
it again on my Twitter.
I posted about it a few times, but to take the seat and that's what should have been
done with Mass Effect.
That should be done anytime the fandom is in arms and is upset about something.
Take your energy and funnel it into something positive.
I was just so proud of the Supernatural family for doing that.
I was just going to say it's interesting that you brought up specifically the Trevor project
because, um, I was, you know, just messing around on my new Xbox series X that I talked
about last week on the show.
And you know, Xbox has their own little like rewards app and rewards thing that you can
do.
Um, and one of the, uh, things that's in there right now is that you can spend 1000 points
to basically donate a dollar to the Trevor project and Microsoft will match that.
And specifically that charity is in there and was called out.
I noticed it was like a featured thing in the Xbox rewards app.
So I thought that was pretty cool.
Check that out.
And you can actually, they have a way you can earn a thousand points really easy just
by getting two achievements too.
So it's pretty cool.
So I found it, by the way, I'm going to put the link in the, in the chat cause it's kind
of a long one, but if you just look up the Castiel project, okay.
So I was actually wrong.
The goal was 1500 and we've raised $46,220 for the Trevor project.
Nice.
All right.
All right.
Well, blowing that out of the water by 40 by was 400%.
Almost 400%.
All right.
All right.
Well clearly you're going to need a three hour round table to get out all your thoughts
on the supernatural finale.
I'm just saying that, you know, my last piece is just do, do, do what these fans have done.
Funnel it into something good.
Funnel it into something good.
And that's a message that can be used on gaming and all that as well to kind of tie it back.
All right.
Indeed.
Well, speaking, speaking of gaming, sorry, choking live on air.
Um, Loki, why don't you take our kickoff topic story off my hands tonight, please?
Cause it's a game we talk a lot about on this show.
Yeah.
So Pokemon go had a major update that, uh, did a bunch of things.
So first off they added a level cap, um, they increased the level cap up to 50, which is
pretty awesome.
Um, they are also introducing seasons that change every three months, uh, which will
do introduce, I guess, new Pokemon, uh, exclusive to those seasons as well.
Um, and they're also introducing new monsters that were part of, uh, the Kalos region.
And so they've added a bunch of those as well.
Gen six, Pokemon X and Y, some of them sit with me here in the OLR studio actually, except
they're on the other side, so I can't grab them, but some of them are with me here in
the OLR studio.
It's those starters from X and Y.
So just kind of, uh, you know, all these updates all at once, and it's going to be coming out
on November 30th is when that's going to hit.
So I'm pretty cool.
Lots of cool stuff.
Um, they're also going to be a special badge if you have hit 40 already, uh, once the update
hits and you'll be able to get that.
So it's a legacy.
And then I guess starting December 2nd, they're also going to have, um, some special French,
uh, Pokemon as well.
Uh, Klefki.
Uh, yeah, it's like another regional.
You can only get it in France because that's what Pokemon X and Y was inspired by.
They did something similar for, um, New York city in Gen five.
There's like a bowl you can only get in New York city, um, or that area.
It's actually pretty generous.
It's not just New York city, but that area.
Yeah.
So it sounds exciting.
I turned it on the other day just to, cause I haven't played in a while.
So there was a few new Pokemon I was able to get, but still not really playing it.
Um, some of the requirements to get to level 50 are coming out already because the game
is, um, uh, already went live with that in like Australia or some parts of Australia
and some other parts of the world that always kind of get to test this type of stuff.
So of course, Reddit is all over the information gathering and all this stuff, just to give
you an idea of what it takes to get to level 41.
All right.
So to get to get from zero to 40, 20 million XP total will get you there.
All right.
So, but if you want to get to 41, you'll have to get that bar up to 26, you have to get
6 million more XP and you'll have to power up a legendary Pokemon 20 times.
Eh, you can do that, winning enough, winning enough raids and getting the rare candy.
Win 30 raids.
That's going to take a little time.
You got to find 30 raids to play.
If you're only using the free passes, that's going to take you a month.
And here's the big one, catch 200 Pokemon in a single day.
And that is the requirements to get to 41.
Don't we all have lives?
Well, I mean, I think I can do it with my Bluetooth, but this is definitely the kind
of thing where you would have to grind the game for like four or five hours just to get
to 41.
And you know, the interesting question is why?
Because anybody who's level 40 will be able to power up Pokemon all the way to level 50,
which will also be the new level cap for your Pokemon.
It used to be that you could only level Pokemon one level higher than you are now.
But now they're going to make it so that you can level Pokemon up to 10 levels higher than
you are now.
So really, the only point to get to level 41, 42, 43 and so forth is E-peen.
There's really not a lot of other point that I saw anyway.
I don't know, chatters, if you have an opinion on why would you even get to 50 outside of
showing off your, you know, pokey dick, then I'm curious what the reasons are, because
I'm not sure.
And just, you know, they only have the requirements up to level 46 right now, because level 46
has a take a snapshot of Pokemon seven days in a row requirement.
So it's it's time gated to a week.
So they like physically can't get past it yet to see what's beyond 46.
But do you know how much experience you need to get to level 46 82 million total?
No, not saying the game one to 20 is the end of the game right now.
You're going to have to go through the current game four times to get to level 46.
Now with as much as I've played Pokemon go on and off over the years, I've gone the one
through 40 twice, I have about 42 million XP.
That is just enough to get me to level 43 if I do all the tasks.
So I don't know.
I know like on one hand, the new levels sound interesting on the other, I feel like it's
an episode of whose line it is it anyway, where it's all made up and the points don't
matter.
To me, it sounds just like Ingress where like I got stuck not being able to level up to
another level because you had certain requirements that you have to hit, I could never hit him
to get enough silver badges or whatever gold badges.
So Oh, technically, that's in this I left that out.
But you're going to have to have a certain number of gold and now platinum there's new
badges coming platinum badges in order to be able to get to certain levels and it's
it didn't look too bad to me.
But I don't know.
I also have a lot of history and Pokemon go so whatever.
By the way, I guess I should mention this at some point since you brought up Ingress.
I haven't played Ingress in eight days.
I think I'm I think I'm kind of over it.
Some stuff happened.
And I'm just kind of like, what am I doing this for again?
Like Oh, yeah, it's been very motivating to go out and walk and do some of that other
stuff.
But honestly, like the game is getting stale.
It's hemorrhaging a lot of players.
And even though it's probably the player base is maybe a quarter of what it used to be at
one point, Niantic still can't seem to be able to police their own game and make sure
it's fair.
So I kind of hit a point where I'm like, I've had it yet.
I just turned right around and started playing Pokemon go so I get so it's like, I guess
I'm still kind of Niantic but my my thing is I'm not going to give it any money.
I'm done a different kind of game.
Well, you know what I do is they've got that whole Google app.
It's a Google rewards or whatever.
And so you take pictures of your receipts when you go shopping and of course they steal
your data that way.
But is that on iOS?
I always thought that was an Android only thing.
Oh, I don't know.
But it's on Android.
I've got like, I get like at least a buck a week.
So and it's just, you know, I could use it for in game stuff if I was actually playing
Pokemon go, but I don't so but it's a cheap way to do it.
Just I'll just I'll just be a bigger deck on the gym game and Pokemon go I've usually
been very passive in that game, but I'll get my 50 coins.
So Ingress taught me how to be a territorial dickhead.
So I'll do it.
Somebody tried it with me today and Pokemon God was feeding golden berries to their Pokemon
that was still in the gym.
Well, I noticed this person was in another gym down the street.
So I use the good old Ingers trick attack at once.
And while they're sitting there like waiting to recharge it when you attack it again, you
go take the other gym down the street.
And I fucking did it today is somebody.
So you know what?
I guess Niantic has unleashed the beast if nothing else will say that.
So also don't knock my I would have never done it if this person had to knock me out
of a gym in less than 10 minutes.
I didn't get a single coin from the gym because they knocked me right out and I was like oh
hell no.
So yeah act deft and chat says territorial asshole the game.
Fifth Dream says territorial asshole goose game.
I'm sure the person I am like completely asserting dominance over is probably like a 13 year
old.
But you know what kid life's not fair.
There you go.
Get used to being beat down and yeah.
Yeah.
If you think I mean wait until you have to deal with a bank and a job anyway.
SSG100 Matt says if you drop incense and stay home you can get 200 Pokemon fine.
That is true.
Pokemon Go did roll back the excuse me roll front the the COVID-19 restrictions they had
previously removed from the game.
Those are back.
So that's good.
Probably not a good take when a lot you know when we're having the largest spike ever in
the well no no they they they implement they remember how they took those things away.
They put them back like two days ago so I'm saying like they made that choice and everybody
started locking down even more and they're like oh yeah.
Are you saying the recent spike in COVID cases is Niantic's fault.
What I'm saying is it's Ingress's fault.
And sure I don't know what I'm saying is that you know perhaps you know they kind of got
a clue when you know California which I think is where their headquarters is locked down
and they're like oh maybe maybe perhaps we should you know bring all that stuff back.
Stay safe everybody.
It's it's crazy crazy out there right now.
So all right yeah if you are going to play Pokemon Go and stuff just make sure you're
doing it the right way.
I mean I went out and did community day over the weekend I guess I'm getting into my gaming
week but whatever.
I went out and did community day on Saturday and honestly I didn't run into anybody.
It was pretty empty at the Capitol and I imagine having a six hour window is nice with that.
My other understanding is that there was some type of political rally that turned into fist
fighting that had been broken up before I got there.
So maybe that helped clear the area of people because I was like wow nobody's around and
everything's fenced off.
This is really pleasant today.
So anyway let's see going to some comments from our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network
bonds 006 says going to Central Park with incense can also rake in 200 Pokemon.
The issue would be food restrooms and battery power.
Yeah just you know have your plan for 200 Pokemon.
I I think it's doable but you got to be dedicated.
But again I think you have to ask yourself the very hard question I've asked myself with
a lot of games recently which is why or do you need to be level 41 or 50 or whatever
it is only Sonic and chat says Pokemon Go still is an opening on my iOS 14 phone WTF.
I run the same.
I run the most current iOS like fourteen point one or two whatever they're out on right
now and it's it's fine.
So not sure if it's a log in issue what's going on.
Try uninstalling it and then reinstalling it the classic off and on again type of switch.
You'd be surprised I might sound like I'm talking down or so I'm really not.
It is a very obvious yet not so obvious fix sometimes.
So all right anyway.
Let's move on.
We're dipping into our gaming weeks.
So let's talk about our gaming weeks.
How was your gaming week.
Before we get to that actually I want to make sure I plug a certain something something
because today is very special because we just launched here at VOG Network a brand new merchandise
store that are that are that are.
So you know it's obviously I never am going to sit here and go you need to give us money.
No you don't.
But I'm always very thankful when people do decide to do the subscriptions and the bits
and all that good stuff.
It's very very nice.
And you know we do spend money on hosting the Web site.
There's a lot of like legal fees and things because VOG Network is an actual business.
Hopefully next year we can get into sponsoring conventions again to help get the word out
about our shows and so on and so on.
And for a long time you guys have been asking where can I get a VOG Network t-shirt please
let me buy a VOG Network t-shirt.
Well good news you can now buy a VOG Network t-shirt and you just can go over to VOG network
dot com slash shop is the right word I believe Bobby Black Wolf because I said the right
I said store earlier but I think Bobby is making both redirect.
He's Rob proofing the URL but VOG network dot com slash shop will take you to the brand
new merch store where you can.
I think what's in there right now there's a Bobby Black Wolf mug.
There are three different types of shirts in there and there is some face masks.
How appropriate for the season.
Unfortunately there was no black.
There were no black face mask.
They only offer the face masks in white.
But thankfully we do have a white version of the VOG logo or it's actually black.
You know what I'm saying.
So it works on a piece of the white stuff.
So and if you like the VOG logo say thank you to Dark Sakura because she made that like
what eight years ago at this point whenever this network started was eight years ago I
lost track.
I'm old.
Yeah something like that.
All right.
So VOG network dot com slash shop if you actually buy it during the show it will scroll along
the bottom and say Rob Roberts just bought a VOG network mask.
So I mean that may be incentive or decent.
You don't.
It's an optional part.
If you don't fill it out I don't think it shows anything.
So just a heads up on that.
So if you're like I don't want people to know what I'm buying then don't fill that part
out at the bottom and it won't scroll anything at all.
So but thank you of course for your support.
Really appreciate it.
I'm not going to pimp that all the time or every week but we are going to look at trying
to add stuff to it as well.
Perhaps you'd like an O.L.R. or an Orange Lounge radio specific piece of merch.
We're working on it is soon.
Trademark.
All right.
Anyhow let's get into our gaming weeks now because I just want to make sure I got that
announcement out VOG network dot com slash shop Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week.
It was.
There is there's some pinball.
We moved a lot of stuff around.
I played Animal Crossing of course because I'm not going to not play Animal Crossing.
But but yeah I mean honestly I think all of my energy was on like Supernatural finale.
And so that was sort of my focus.
It's a shame there was never a video game you know.
Oh well I'm surprised there was no there was there was tabletop R.P. but you know like
card games there's Supernatural clue which I kind of want.
Oh that's good.
And Trivial Pursuits and Monopoly because they did freakin versions of everything from
Monopoly.
But but yeah not not really so much just a lot of the Animal Crossing and word and wordscapes.
That's my other jam.
All right.
If that's it for Dark Sakura we'll move to Loki and your gaming week.
I didn't play a whole lot this week because I've been just mainly working on my stuff.
I did try to play a little bit of Minecraft but the problem is that Mojang updated bedrock
this week to some new version that's was have some parity with the Java version and their
servers are having trouble.
Oh I guess it's not necessarily that update as well but they also added realms to the
PlayStation users.
So now that they can access that as well and servers.
And so that's causing all sorts of problems being able to connect to our realm and stuff.
So that kind of sucked because my kids wanted to play with me and I couldn't.
So I did play a little bit though and that was all right but couldn't play in my realm
and that's disappointing.
But I worked a lot on my game and that's still coming along.
I know I keep seeing your little updates on Twitter and I'm so I really want to see it.
I'm so excited.
It's going to be the best holiday present.
I really want to show it to you.
All right.
Well get finish it up.
All right.
My gaming week continued adventures on my Xbox Series X that I talked about last week.
I actually did a stream on my personal channel earlier this week.
Cheap plug over at Rob Roberts also here on Twitch.
The video on demand is still there and I don't lock my video on demand so you can go
watch it if you want.
But I did a pretty thorough playthrough of well not complete playthrough but I was explaining
and narrating my choices in No Man's Sky.
So I was playing that for a good probably two hours on my feed earlier this week on
Xbox Series X.
I got to say I tried to stream originally from the Xbox and I guess the one negative
I'm going to say about the Xbox right now is that trying to stream from it on Twitch
sucks.
I'm sorry it's not good compared to how it was on Sony because you have to do it through
the Twitch app and you have no way to test the audio and you have no way to test the
video without going live.
I'm a perfectionist and I hate that.
So I hit the button to go live to broadcast from my Xbox and my camera looked like shit
in the living room and I couldn't hear myself even though I had a headset plugged into
my controller.
So I was like alright this is a terrible idea.
Do you just hook the camera to the Xbox how does that work?
It will use any USB camera.
So it's that I guess that is a plus over PlayStation is that you can use any USB camera.
I actually used this same camera that we use for Orange Lounge Radio is on a little tripod
so I moved it into the living room and yeah but my light you guys know my living room
the lighting in there is terrible.
So it wasn't good on the stream.
So I did like two seconds of that I was like forget it I'm going to move the Xbox into
my office and honestly that was really easy because one thing I love about the Xbox it's
a box.
It's very it's a decently sized console but it's very easy to pick up and move.
There's no power brick or anything.
I already had an HDMI cable hooked up in my office.
I just had to unplug the Wii U from it.
Rest in peace.
But then I just I put the box plugged it in where the Wii U was put in the we use HDMI
cable and I was able to stream the Xbox in my office on my PC.
Very easy.
And so yeah that's that's how I'll do it in the future.
Yeah.
S.G.O. 100 Matt says the alternative is to just put it into a capture card and do it
through OBS.
Yes that is what I did.
Yeah that's probably what I'm going to start doing because I wanted I've been wanting to
because I've been watching some people actually speed run the console Minecraft doing random
seeds and it looks like it's a pretty casual thing you can do.
So I kind of want to get into it because there's not a lot of competition on the console version
of it.
Whereas I normally play on the PC console version of it if you will.
But I can play on the console console version of it on my Xbox right here.
So makes sense.
Yeah.
So that made it really easy to stream.
So I'll do that again for sure because it's it's interesting because at least two people
one of them being Bobby Black Wolf has said you know after you kind of played that on
your stream it made me want to go check out all this stuff that I realized they'd added
to the game.
So I take that as a compliment.
Thank you.
Although Bobby found out the PlayStation 5 version of No Man's Sky has some issues right
now and it's all with the HDR.
The HDR effect is it's it's like turned up to 21 on a scale of 1 to 10 the HDR is 21
and so it looks really bad.
But if you turn the HDR off the game runs fluid fine.
I had I had no doubt that the game would run just as smoothly on PlayStation 5 as it does
on Xbox.
And to be fair the Microsoft version has some weird shit all of its own like the aliens
I mentioned lastly the aliens will sometimes hold things and that thing will move all over.
I have warped into a planet just to be dropped from six feet above.
Like I warped there's no ground.
So there's some weird bugs still but I'm sure Hello Games is aware and I know they're aware
of the HDR thing.
And so they'll they'll fix that all up in the coming weeks because they've been very
good at supporting their game.
So yeah No Man's Sky.
So on Xbox I played Ori and the Blind Forest not the new one will of the wisps because
in my head I'm like I can't play the new one until I beat the old one.
So I started the old one again and I always forget how the beginning of that video game
is like the beginning of the movie up like you're just it's it's a lot.
So just be emotionally ready that you're going to have some feels when you start playing
Ori and the Blind Forest.
Otherwise it's a beautiful game and this is the first time I've been able to play it
in 4K HDR.
It looks great.
Love it.
So there's that.
And yeah otherwise been continuing my adventures in Final Fantasy 14 of course and a little
bit of Hades too.
Just a little bit.
A little bit.
So that's my gaming week.
All right.
So with that I think we should get into some gaming news and see what's been happening
this week.
Loki, why don't you start us off with some gaming news.
Yes.
So I'm very excited that Cyberpunk is right around the corner.
They just put out a brand new gameplay trailer and it looks amazing.
So to kind of coincide with that they are recognizing that there's been a problem with
DMCA takedowns with copyright music on Twitch.
They've actually worked on creating a brand new mode for Cyberpunk that allows folks to
be able to disable certain copyrighted tracks basically saying if you're planning on live
streaming Cyberpunk or if you just want to make videos we want to introduce you to a
new mode that allow you to disable certain copyrighted tracks.
We know that for content creators licensed music can sometimes be problematic.
So with this new mode you'll be able to disable a small number of selected tracks which could
cause some issues replacing them with a different song helping to avoid any problems.
Thank you.
I know other games that do that but it is nice to see that they are recognizing that
in this day and age that it's probably a good thing to do.
So I'm looking forward to them trying that out when it does come out.
Yeah, I wonder if this is a new normal for games in a way.
It really should be.
We have seen it before, you're right, but obviously there's a lot of hype around this
game because the number of times it's been delayed and the fact that it's by the guys
who did The Witcher which is very well received.
So I'm glad they have this option in there and it makes me wonder if it's kind of setting
an example for other games to follow that maybe should consider putting in a DMCA proof
mode or whatever you want to call it in the game as well.
I don't know if they ever, I mean I would still be interested to see if it's gonna,
I mean I think they're doing their best guess on this right now with licensing because it's
all tricky with that type of stuff but hopefully that if it doesn't end up working out that
they can still patch out more stuff on it.
I just don't like, at least the effort is nice.
Yeah.
Speaking of like Twitch antics, I'm gonna kind of sidebar a little bit here because
Bobby was talking about this in depth on his show.
He even got a call on it.
Somehow it wasn't even on our list tonight but it's close to this story and it has to
do with the new Hyrule Warriors that came out, the Age of Calamity, which I know I have
a lot of friends on Twitch who have been streaming that and playing that.
Yeah, my son has it.
Oh really?
How's your son like it?
You didn't bring it up during your gaming week.
Well I guess it's your kid's gaming week but.
I'm not playing it yet.
He's very excited about it because he played through the demo like constantly, he played
a ton of the demo.
Thankfully what's kind of nice about it though is because he played the demo, it saved his
progress and he was able to continue just after the demo and plus it also gave him some
starter sword or something like that for playing the demo as like a bonus which is pretty cool
but he's really enjoying it.
Real quick, sorry, this is another great new trend in the games too.
The Dragon Quest XI Definitive Edition demo on Xbox, same thing.
If you play and it's like a 10 hour demo and the save file will transfer over to the full
game when it comes out so just on it.
I like that trend too.
Because he was worried that he'd have to restart his progress and I'm like well you know it's
a demo you know sometimes you have to do that but I asked him after he played it because
he said oh yeah I'm at Death Valley and I've already done all this stuff and he's talking
about it and I'm like oh so you didn't have to restart?
He's like no no no it let me continue from where I was and so yeah he's really enjoying
it.
He's like huge into the Breath of the Wild lore and everything now which is kind of crazy.
He plays a ton of Breath of the Wild and now he's been playing a ton of this so it's pretty
cool.
Boy I keep forgetting your kid is getting older and older and to the point where like
he's getting to be like a young man with his own taste.
Oh my god this is your youngest son wow.
He's getting older too.
Yeah my 10 year old son he's playing mostly Roblox still and a little bit of Among Us
but it's mostly my youngest son is playing the Hyrule Warriors and the Legend of Zelda
stuff he's really into Breath of the Wild.
So anyway the reason why I brought up Hyrule Warriors Tangent Train is because some folks
in Australia were streaming it right when the game came out in Australia and they ended
up getting DMCA'd by Nintendo because they were playing the game before release but it
wasn't before release in Australia it's just that Nintendo of America was America centric
and probably you know set the clock on their legal eagles to be midnight or 9pm pacific
whatever and Australia is what like 18 hours ahead or something so long story short these
guys in Australia got shut down for breaking DMCA when they when they really weren't doing
anything wrong.
It's kind of fucked up I mean but at the same time it it's a tough lesson in we are all
at video game companies mercies on the streaming thing right now.
It is and it's this is not new I mean there's been times where and this this is a little
bit more egregious though because there's been times where a copy will leak out and
then they will play it like several days before it comes out and then they'll DMCA them because
of that but this is released in your own region I mean that's that's a bit ridiculous.
Yeah I it's it's rough and I hope Nintendo would work with Twitch to restore these Australian
people who are really doing nothing wrong.
Was it Nintendo or Tecmo Koei because you know they're the ones that developed the game.
I believe all the stories were saying Nintendo but I didn't didn't Nintendo publish it even
if Tecmo Koei made it?
I think Nintendo still published it.
Yeah Bobby's confirming it was Nintendo that did it so so anyway you know but tough lesson
for our friends in Australia is that shouldn't even be a lesson there's no lesson to learn
you what you bought the game you're playing it on release well understand why they even
got struck down I get what you're saying Loki and you're right maybe that's not the best
word choice on my part but I still am going to err on the side of we are all on borrowed
time with this video game streaming thing anyway as it is so Nintendo is gracious enough
to let us you know stream the game and unfortunately they you know had the clock too early on the
Australia thing but Twitch is on American soil and Nintendo of America is on American
soil so by broadcasting through Twitch they kind of were held to the American rules and
it's something to think about I get and Loki it's not that I disagree with you it's one
of those like it sucks but it's the way it is and there ain't a lot we can do about it
they make it too difficult to broadcast their games then people aren't gonna broadcast their
games the broadcast other games I mean that's just kind of the way it is I mean they took
this hard stance before with like having everybody sign up for their Nintendo partner program
so that they can stream games or put stuff on YouTube so they could share in the revenue
I mean I was I'm sorry I had to wait it's scrolling along the bottom right now because
we have headlines that scroll throughout the show from various gaming websites someone's
already playing cyberpunk 2077 on Twitter that's a whole different thing that's obviously
someone has a review copy or there's they have I would assume it's a review copy this
early they wouldn't be shipping yet so they have a review copy that they're probably playing
and that's a big no-no and they will get caught I would assume act-def does want to point
out and it is always important if we get facts and stories have changed we need to report
those so act-def in chat over twitch.tv slash vog network says they have been restored and
Bobby is saying reviewers don't have their copies yet you know because we're in a position
on Twitter and stuff and just having networked with enough people at e3 over the years and
stuff we we sometimes know when that stuff is out there and cyberpunk is not out there
yet but you know what is out there are the warehouses starting to store the disk because
you know it's a process to get the yes well I mean maybe I don't know just from the distribution
side it's usually more last minute but maybe these larger retailers are I would think it's
a bit early normally product doesn't arrive that much that early ah but they delayed the
game for a day one patch and they did it really late in the game so what do you want to bet
a lot of stuff was still moving for the old release date no I don't I don't buy it because
even if that was the case I mean that was still several weeks before it would launch
it's not to say that that hasn't happened I mean like for example there was I'm only
not pushing back because you've worked in distribution so I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm just
saying like if it were like an issue where like they have the recall something they would
recall it back it wouldn't be just sitting in a warehouse for months because they would
be tagged with the wrong release date anyways you'd see you know do not open until like
November 10th or something I don't remember the original release date thing is in November
I don't know whatever someone has it someone's playing it I'm sure they're not happy about
it but at least they're not striking their videos down as far as I'm aware they're more
like saying just be aware you know this is out there so well it is nice though it is
nice so that active mentioned in chat they have been restored so I'm glad they were able
to work it out you know the Nintendo and Australia and all that stuff but it it wasn't a great
thing that happened but maybe it's something for Nintendo to think about in the future
that maybe they should set that clock you know if the game releases what would be the
first country in the world to get video games New Zealand if that would or there's there's
an island the is Vanuatu or something but none of those none of those small islands
are technically game region releases they kind of usually I think a place like that
kind of shares with New Zealand and Australia so let's assume New Zealand is the first country
in the world that they get stuff then the clock has to be set to their time basically
so anyway all right uh Phoenix 7726 says I mean it's CD Projekt Red if it did get out
and it was ready to ship out they might not care much might have figured that it was inevitable
it would probably also depend on what was being shown my understanding is the person
who has Cyberpunk was showing the beginning of the game which CD Projekt Red's kind of
shown a million times already anyway if that person was out there streaming the ending
well my understanding is there's supposed to be a variety of endings so maybe it won't
be the most but I be careful when you start to stream stuff deep into the game especially
if there's big spoilers that's the stuff I would be very careful with I'm not up and
up on the story behind Cyberpunk so I don't know if there's like if there could be deaf
characters and stuff that could really spoil it for some people I don't know but I wouldn't
I'd be very careful in streaming any of that stuff because that's the stuff they're going
to want to keep a lid on for sure all right Bobby says apparently the prologue is six
hours long six hours before you get to the title card if you thought Persona or Kingdom
Hearts 2 had a long prologue how's that compared to Yakuza like a dragon which by the way I
watched some other people talk about that game and it has to be a little bit more interested
actually play because they say it is is very much like an RPG like a turn-based RPG it
just it's it is very slow to get started but man I've been playing that for several hours
and I'm still not past the tutorial section of the game wow all right well let's move
on I want to talk about another big game that's recent and that is Doom Eternal you know came
out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox one and you know it has it's now on game pass so if you want to
play it on your Series X you can do that it's on PC of course the platform that's missing thus
far is the Nintendo switch and you might remember the I want to say original doom but the original
doom reboot from a few years ago that did come out on Nintendo switch and it was received pretty
well so folks on Nintendo switch some of them were really looking forward to Doom Eternal well
I shouldn't say past tense so here's the thing it is still coming but there was a little bit of
confusion because apparently GameStop reached out to some folks who pre-ordered Doom Eternal
on switch and said the game is canceled so this caused people to go what oh is this because
Microsoft bought Bethesda so now they're canceling the switch release how could this happen well
here's what's happened so the Bethesda support account on Twitter chimed in we have not made
any announcements on doom eternal being canceled for switch keep an eye on our website and official
Twitter channels for more information well here's the statement from Bethesda while doom eternal is
a hundred percent on track for an imminent digital only release on Nintendo switch the absence of a
physical release at retail resulted in canceled pre-orders affected customers will receive full
refunds and should contact their preferred retailer for more information so the physical
version of doom eternal was canceled but it will still release in digital form only which you know
I may be a problem if you're a collector if you're you know for a lot of people are buying digital
anyway so it's not really a problem what's to blame we don't know was the demand there we don't
know is that the pandemic and supply shortages and being able to make the game we don't know
the reasons we just know it's not going to be happening physically anymore um let me ask you
guys though if this was a game you were really interested in and they suddenly canned the
physical release in favor of a digital only one would this make you not want to buy it or would
you just kind of shrug your shoulders and be like hey all right well at least I'll still play the
game I mean on the switch probably not a big deal I get most of my games digitally anyways I except
last high rewards I did pick up physically because I have so many games installed to my memory card
that like I'm running out of space so I just figured I'd grab this one physically but you
know it's no big deal I don't really if at this point it doesn't matter yeah I think there's so
much that's digital only anyway it's not a huge deal like just a couple weeks ago or last week
actually we were talking about fuser Shane was on the show talking about how much he loved to
harmonics his new fuser and I remember when I was like oh that's like a download only thing right
so how much is it like 20 bucks he's like no it's $60 it's full price game I'm like what but that's
where some things are going now is that you know and to be fair if I were to buy it on Steam or a
lot I'd be paying full price for it there too so it's kind of kind of interesting anyway one of the
thing I want to say though on the Bethesda and Xbox issue before we go to our next story is that
the folks at Microsoft have clarified this is coming from Tim Stewart who's the chief financial
officer over Xbox said quote what we'll do in the long run is we don't have intentions of just
pulling all of Bethesda content out of Sony or Nintendo or otherwise but what we want is but we
want is we want that content in the long run to be either first or better or best or you pick your
differentiated experience on our platforms we will want Bethesda content to show up the best as on
our platforms that's not a point about being exclusive that's not a point about we're being
adjusting timing content or roadmap but if you think something like game pass if it shows up
best in game pass that's what we want to see and we want to drive our game pass subscriber base
through that Bethesda pipeline so a couple interesting things about it no they're not
gonna pull out of Sony and switch but they do fully intend on making the best version on Xbox
that's for sure I mean as it makes sense of course that should be obvious to literally anybody the
other interesting thing about that comment nowhere in it did Tim Stewart the chief financial officer
say the word Xbox the word he said was game pass hmm just an interesting observation there's been a
lot of talk about what is Microsoft's plan in this whole thing does Microsoft care about how many
Xboxes they sell because that answer says that's not what they're looking at mr. chief financial
officer just don't make money off consoles it's just it's just an interesting confirmation of
something I think we all I mean a backhanded confirmation fine it's not really a confirmation
but it is for me of something we've all been kind of speculating about anyway as to what is Microsoft
really in this to do right now that was the most interesting part of the quote for me the rest of
it was obvious anyway Zen monkey 11 in our chat says buying Skyrim digital on ps4 before it's
pulled from PlayStation 4 store I actually don't think that'll happen Zen monkey what what is
Microsoft have to gain from that especially a game as old and dusty at this point as Skyrim I'm
making it sound terrible it's really not I just played Skyrim last week okay it's still gorgeous
all these years later Alan is playing it again right now with all the new mods so Skyrim is in
some ways a timeless game what does Microsoft have to gain pulling it from PlayStation when so many
people already have that game on PlayStation like I just would Don Mattrick have pulled it from
PlayStation probably is Phil Spencer gonna do it nah and I think a lot of these other comments we've
seen coming from Microsoft they they're not they're not thinking about we've got to have
Xbox be the only platform it's game pass so when Sony puts out that competitor to game pass we'll
talk about that later in the show when Sony inevitably puts out that competitor game pass
beyond what they're already doing a PlayStation Plus that my friend is where you will never see
Skyrim you will never see doom you will never see starfield or any Bethesda product on PlayStation
game pass Sony is gonna have to get in bed with some other companies I mean but granted they've
got a pretty strong first party lineup as it is you can't you know I think they do pretty well
with what they got but Sony will have to get in bed with other third parties to get on their game
pass Phoenix 7726 says on one hand Microsoft is not EA so Bethesda will probably not die on the
other hand consolidation ain't good in this market I think it's really early to be thinking
about consolidation and those types of things too especially in this nature of this pandemic world
we're living in and like like a lot of companies are having a hard time putting out games right
now fuck look at Microsoft themselves halo got halo should in any other year like needed to be
out now but it got delayed to 2021 it's it's different now we have to be thinking of this
industry different now than we were thinking about it in 2012 or whenever the last round of
consoles will I can't I can't get my ears fucking straight anyway nothing about me straight I can't
get the years together anymore but I think it was 2012 but the way we're approaching things
it's different now it is so different all right anyway let's move on dark Sakura but then but but
then there's Nintendo right so and this is this is something that's already happened a couple of
days ago as of now but on the 19th there was the update for Animal Crossing new horizons we got
some maple leaves that are floating down that you can catch like getting the cherry blossoms and we
had all the holiday events and some toys and new stuff that you can get crafting and you also had
the introduction of turkey day which is the 26th and toy day on December 24th with that creepy ass
reindeer jingle with his creepy ass eyes and so turkey day is fun you have to collect ingredients
to make dishes so everyone can have turkey day where they you know apparently eat his kindred
and then of course toy day is you know you you'll get all the snow and decorated trees and ornaments
and crafting and stuff like that they have also put in new hairstyles and reactions which I have
yet to redeem I probably should do that but the thing that's really good about the hairstyles is
that it's bringing in more hairstyles that are I'd say typically associated with with the black
community so there's like you know puffs and cornrows and and natural hair and everything
which I think is wonderful because it's representation there's also a home storage limit
upgrade so basically if you have paid off your final loan in full then you can get your your
storage expanded to 2,400 slots which I needed I had a very full storage Sia Tabiri in our chat
room is clearly more excited about this than anything else saying in all caps more home storage
I no longer need to sell something every time I see a cute thing at the Able Sisters that pretty
much I've been just trying to keep like the the non-orderable items in my inventory but yeah I
don't keep many many pants I have because I mean basically my character dresses like I do it's Dean
flannel and you know t-shirts and shit so but anyway you can also now visit random islands in
your dreams so instead of having to have a dream address you can just go wherever there is a
collaboration with Animal Crossing pocket camp you can get a pocket camp smartphone you can and
this is the big thing for this one is that you can do data transfers so if it allows you to you
to transfer your resident data to another system including your name appearance equipment along
with your inventory your storage and your home there's a whole separate transfer feature that
will let you do the save data and the island itself in the residence to another system but
no they couldn't change the fact that if I don't want my youngest son to be in charge of my island
I can't change who is actually in charge of my island feedback but anyway there's also more new
seasonal items that are gonna start on December 1st at nook stop and different festive items to
decorate between the 26th and 31st of December so fun stuff I've been enjoying it when I have
actually had energy to play getting lots and lots of leaves I think I've already made half of the
fall crafting already it's been pretty cool very cute Jamie I have something to confess I don't
say it in a while I haven't played in a while I don't think I've touched my island since Labor
Day does ketchup hate me now she's probably crying and things that you haven't come to see here but
you can repair your relationship with ketchup actually do me a favor when you play let me come
over and catch a roach oh I think you can catch a roach no shoot only you can do it crap I don't
know if they actually do that in the game because I didn't see anything in the inventory but remember
the old game if you didn't play for a while you could go into your house and catch bugs
interesting but I don't think you can do that because you can't actually use the bug net inside
of the building now yeah yeah huh yeah I don't think you can all right so no no roach catching
for you all right let's move on to our next story Loki so this is pretty cool so apparently
Iowa interactive they have revealed that they're beginning work on a brand new project project 007
of course IO interactive best known for the hitman series I mean that that could only be good so
apparently they are you know creating an original bond game they said it's an monumental undertaking
and they believe that IO interactive working closely with their partners at UN and MGM are
gonna be able to deliver an amazing game so that's all we know with you know that right now but I
mean it sounds like a good combination yeah I was thinking recently too I think it was because of
Sean Connery's passing I was kind of thinking like oh it's been a while since we've had like a real
like kick-butt James Bond game I know they you know obviously GoldenEye is gonna be that standard
that every other game I reloaded in yeah unfortunately lightning didn't strike twice there
but didn't they I haven't didn't yay or some other company made a couple games I thought
wouldn't there like a I don't even think it was Skyfall but I feel like there was like a game
around that time that was like a separate like story all to its own they're like a unique story
I thought I don't I could be wrong I might be confusing it with that old get older game on
PlayStation 2 but um well they have like there was let's see I'm trying to think I know they
have that legends game they have like kind of a whole bunch of different oh maybe that's what
was thinking on there yeah yeah yeah I don't know I don't think that was like necessarily a you know
unique thing Bloodstone but I don't know if that I don't think that's based on the movie
no that's not a movie title so huh well anyway I I think it'll be interesting to see the hitman
team and what they do a James Bond it'll be it'll be interesting Zen Monkey 11 in chat says
Goldeneye Source is the best to date so all right yeah right I mean the bad things more of a fan
project that's certainly not Activision's Goldeneye Reloaded which is not of that caliber
or quality yes I feel like we just had a story on Goldeneye Source a couple weeks ago so all right
well let's move on and talk about maybe this James Bond game will be so good it gets nominated at the
game awards in a couple years we did get the award list or excuse me the nominee list for the game
awards 2020 which obviously is going to be a bit of a virtual event they are going to be using
three sound stages in Los Angeles London and Tokyo especially since people still can't travel right
now makes a lot of sense you can't get all those Japanese developers to LA so they're gonna have to
do something in Tokyo but of course obviously you know they're gonna still be taking COVID
precautions so I don't know how they're gonna do it watching some of these other award shows that
have taken place have been kind of interesting they are seeing it's only gonna be minimal
attendees mainly production crew and presenters so no no like audience obviously I mean we we
know that's not gonna happen but Jeff Keeley has talked about how it is gonna allow additional
presentation events similar to past shows but it's also exploring taking the game awards to
different venues in the future anyway as it was previously there's gonna be 45 different platforms
you can watch the game awards on so they're still trying to keep up the number of viewers for this
and we have the nominees so obviously I could read every category but there's a lot if you want to
check them out and you want to vote on the winners you can do that over on the official game awards
website but by the way viewer votes only count for 10% of the total vote 90% is the jury which
is you know a lot of industry people so food for thought your vote doesn't matter that much all
right moving on to game of the year nominees this is the one everybody talks about so the nominees
for game of the year are but animal crossing new horizons an entry that I think is surprising and
non-surprising being that it's 2020 and this is a game you know we've talked about it at length on
this show thanks dark soccer but all of us really have been obsessed with animal crossing is as a
way to deal with the pandemic so not surprised to see it here in the list for game of the year
there's always one Nintendo game in there doom eternal is also nominated for game of the year
which we brought up earlier the Final Fantasy 7 remake is nominated for game of the year ghosts
of Tsushima is nominated for game of the year Hades is up for game of the year and the last of
us part two is the final nominee for game of the year so some games that are not on the list cyber
punk 2077 but that's because they delayed it past the eligibility timeframe we talked about that
during the last delay now that it comes out in December it missed the delay window for this so
that's why cyberpunk is not nominated some other games that didn't get nominated for game of the
year Ori and the will of the Wisps got nominated in some other categories but some folks were
thinking it was a shoe-in for game of the year nominee half-life Alex despite everything it did
for VR did get some other awards and some technical categories like best game direction best audio
design was not nominated for game of the year some other categories that I do think are interesting
best mobile game among us is nominated among us came out in 2018 so it's interesting that it's
there it's kind of like the Grammys your best new artist the year people finally have heard of you
I guess let's see what else what was the other one I wanted to say the best ongoing game was
an interesting one as well no man's sky was I know yeah no man's sky is in that category which
you know I love that but it's got some tough competition apex legends I mean they've they've
gotten fortnight kind of in a similar vein destiny 2 is in that category and Call of Duty Warzone
also in that category so interesting interesting Bobby Black Wolf is wondering if among us released
for mobile this year that's a good question you might be right on that front that could be some
folks in chat putting their opinion out there act def says who do I think deserves to win ghosts
of Tsushima who do I think is going to win The Last of Us part 2 what game is gonna be pretty
cool if it won Animal Crossing for me I've only played half the games so it's not really fair for
me to like put my too much in this there is a big part of me that's rooting for Hades just the fact
that it is that little indie game that could in this year I have to admit like me personally
that's the one I want to see win based on everything I've heard around the internet
and buzz and stuff like that though I actually think ghosts of Tsushima has a really good shot
I kind I kind of think similar to how um Sekiro die or excuse me shadows die twice won last year
I kind of feel like ghosts of Tsushima is yes I know there's The Last of Us part 2 that's gonna
be tough but I don't know there's there was some tough competition last year too I just there's
something about the ghost of Tsushima that I think is gonna gonna be the tough one to beat so we'll
see any thoughts early on on this list I mean I know you guys are like me and probably haven't
played them all but haven't played most of them I mean they're all good choices yeah I don't see
a problem with any of those I know some people some people don't like Last of Us to being in
there but yeah well some people are wrong so Jamie I don't even think I have to ask which
one in that group you're rooting for but as much as you're an Animal Crossing fan I know you got
to be smiling that something like Hades got in there too it's always nice to see the indie folks
yes yes you do yes yeah I'm really happy I actually really enjoy the art style in it so so
yeah I hope so I mean I'd really love to see Last of Us to you know very cool all right well we'll
see the game awards themselves are taking place on December the 10th so you don't have that long
to wait that's the interesting thing about the game awards I feel like the nominees come out and
then it's like two weeks later is the award show like it's a very fast turnaround feel like it's
fast faster than the Oscars you want to talk about fast turnaround like there already was
that they're talking about doing a g4 special like what in a couple days yeah well it's already been
taped because one of my Twitter people made it no secret that they're in it and it's not somebody
that was involved in the old g4 so you know it's a they've apparently reached out to some big
streamers and folks like that which is not terribly surprising something Bobby picked up on which I
neglected when I first saw I neglected to notice it when I first saw it because I have to admit I
don't I don't idolize g4 television the way some of you do like I just I'm just putting it out
there like why focus on this one thing when there is so much other stuff out there in the media
world well okay and that's what I was gonna say is that Bobby had pointed out that like pretty
much all the pre tech TV stuff like none of it is represented none of it so it's uh it's this
is definitely memories of a certain era of g4 yeah Bobby Black Wolf says I don't idolize g4 I
just worked with them for two years that that wasn't a call-out for any specific person or
anything and yes I of course you have a long history I mean in a way we kind of do too right
because of you know the fact that we were affiliated with all games for those years so
but I just feel like now in the year 2020 like g4 televisions coming up to a very full Thanksgiving
table and I feel like some people are willing to to just do anything to be a part of the new
g4 TV and I'm just kind of like okay but like there's other like I I don't think g4 TV is the
top of the mountain in media the way that maybe it was back in the day when you know it was first
on TV I think that's more my kind of point there is that g4 is coming to a very crowded space now
and and trying to milk the nostalgia and all that stuff and yeah anyway so Bobby Black Wolf says g4
began with attack of the show and x-play according to the reunion Tiger class says it's g4 in name
only not the g4 you remember so it good luck you know I I won't be watching I've got other things
to do okay but but will cheaters and cops be at the table too moving on all right we were talking
about a fast turnaround on the game awards let's talk about things that are a slow turnaround
Bioware releases right Jamie yeah lady insanity on Twitter put out a link to her blog and she does
you know of course lots of stuff for Bioware so the their whole roadmap is out and she posted
it on her blog so just to give some highlights of this I'll just start off with with this month
with what's left of November and December then is it you know they they did the release for the
Bioware stories and secrets from 25 years of game development book it's very very cool has lots of
stuff about cancelled games and behind-the-scenes stuff and concept art you know and this was of
course after n7 day happened where they announced the Mass Effect Legendary Edition so on December
4th is Dragon Age Day but there may be something announced that day we don't know of course
December 10th is the Game Awards and there's a rumor that they may be doing another trailer for
the next Dragon Age and then Star Wars the Old Republic Echoes of Oblivion they will have new
content called Spirit of Vengeance and then going into 2021 a little bit more about the Art of Mass
Effect trilogy expanded edition book on February 21st Dragon Age the first five graphic novels
books on March 2nd spring exact date tba Mass Effect Legendary Edition game release
moving a bit forward though April 2022 is when it's projected for the next Dragon Age to release
Wow and they're talking about anthem again I don't care about anthem just no it says anthem
has been an active redevelopment no I do need to try that now that it's on the EA play game
pass thing so it's like okay no no harm no foul no money needed to spend on it I'm curious and
of course also the last thing on there is again for 2022 to be determined is next Mass Effect so
we'll see no time soon on that I'm sure yeah oh no we'll still be we'll still be doing all our will
be like what 40 we'll have hit episode thousand by the time that game's out I'm sure episode
thousand that should be a party uh yeah I it really should be the pandemic should be over
by then because we're still looking to get to episode 1000 that's we're on 844 tonight that's
still gonna be a good at least three years out till we get to a thousand we need to do this
yeah are you guys committed um sure but it's a it's a I don't want to take on more than I can
chew just I think getting you're already doing it getting to a thousand episodes is gonna be
the show oh I thought you meant making it a big event I'm sorry I thought you meant make it okay
I misinterpret yes make it make it to a thousand and then we like okay we're done count my lucky
stars nothing happens to me of course I want us to be back in the same studio this is I mean
I'm glad this works but I miss the magic of all of us being in the same room it's not the same
to me so I'm glad we can still be here but yeah but you know there is an advantage what's that I
can sit at my desk and eat spaghetti there's a your throne has gone unsad in except by mr smoosh
for like nine months now well better dust it off yeah right oh and hey hey um I just took another
covid test if it's clean who knows who knows well let's let's get past this big spike that's
happening right now but yeah um let's see bobby blackwolf in chat says pull a travis donovan
make it to episode 999 and then rebrand and start at episode one yeah uh zen monkey says if you
if you make the show seven days a week you get two thousand easy yeah well I mean that's how like uh
you know gamertag radio they hit a thousand episodes because I remember talking about that
and that's they've done multiple episodes a week this is in no way knocking this incredible
achievement that they have it's just their show is different as different podcasts are so they got to
a thousand episodes by you know doing multiple episodes in a week which cool uh you know they
probably also have been going longer than supernatural has been on tv which is no small
feat you know what I mean so uh yeah any show that makes it to a thousand episodes is uh got
my respect but yeah when we're going when we're taking it a week at a time it's gonna take a
little while and not and to be fair we take off about six shows a year which is way better than
any show on tv um but you know holidays things happen travel dragon con or whatever con uh we
take off about six shows a year so I'm gonna think about all right uh what when we're done
we salt and burn the show we give it a viking funeral uh I was saying a hunter's funeral
uh bobby blackwolf and chat says you're gonna need to give us lots of bits and buy lots of
merch to do a vegas party oh who said it was gonna be in vegas you know where we're gonna
have you know where olr con's gonna be roseville golf land in the party room no all right that's
i'm kind of down we get the banquet room at brookfield's i'm down for that too honestly
get the banquet room at brookfield's yeah let's do it i love it hey they have my favorite soup
anyway uh let's see uh phoenix says i wonder if there's a podcast up to 10 000 episodes
yet um i'm sure somewhere there's there's daily shows out there right and not not necessarily
about video games but what's uh leo leport and his stuff at aren't they every day
he has so many different series like i used to follow a lot of that stuff but like he's got like
multiple shows a day coming out like it's just insane that's what happened with pod save america
i used to listen when it was like you know this little little new podcast that you know and now
it's like a fucking media empire so it's hard to follow they used to have their like daily show
they have a few daily shows and they have like an android show and an apple show and a windows show
and it's like there's just so many and this is okay sorry tangent but y'all brought it on
this is what this is why i can't get through a show like pod save america or any of that stuff
anymore oh my god i can't believe i named names i'm sorry guys i i i really respect everything
that's goes into a podcast and stuff but here's the thing about a lot of other networks that
really bother me you tune in to listen to the show and get your talk right and the entire intro of
the show is here's everything that's going on this week on all of the other shows you need to be
checking out for like to and then let's go to an ad about squarespace or whatever the ad of the
week thing is let's talk about me undies or whatever the fuck is sponsoring a podcast this
week right and then it's like by the time you actually get into the content that you tuned in
for you're like 15 minutes into the show and i'm saying that as somebody who plays a very active
role here at vog network i'm happy to tell you about all the new shows that come on board and
all that stuff but i am not going to spend 10 minutes at the top of every show going here's
why you should listen to something else it's just anyway am i alone in that okay clearly yes all
right uh zen monkey says wow podcast networks do that oh sorry sorry i like how they do the ads
for um like uh uh stuff you missed in history and stuff mom never told you the the ones that that
are there through i heart radio um even though it's corporate and you know they've got to have
the sponsors i think that they space out their sponsor in digestible little chunks that are
maybe no more than a minute a minute and a half and it doesn't really interrupt what you're
listening to that much yeah like you know um you sure commercial breaks like you're used to like
when you're when your things are that way yeah whatever like and honestly when i was listening
to the rue paul and michelle podcast which where the hell did that go they just they they stopped
right around the time that rue deleted twitter i don't know but anyway um and look i realize that
rue has a lot of issues twitter uh it might be back now but i at one point yeah rue like i think
rue was getting cancelled for something i don't know was it the fracking i don't know i something
was going on bruce twitter is up oh okay well at some point it was down and that show just vanished
but anyway like the way they did ads on that show almost became a parody like it was great
anyway like i there's nothing i love more than listening to trixie impersonate rue doing an ad
spot that's okay that actually sounds really funny but i mean but it is kind of a sad reality um for
like for for us we're able to swing a lot of what we do you know yeah but but for some people this
is exactly how they are able to keep doing what they do is by by sponsored funding i'm not i i
have no problem with sponsorships and commercials and things like that it's it's when it's over
done and it's the complete beginning of the show you know what i mean that's where it's an issue
i don't want it well it's like i mean even like for example for my for my blog i i do have like
a couple little revenue things but they go at the very end of my article and i think that that's
kind of how the sponsorship should be is that it should be in an innocuous place yeah all right
let's agree let's move on uh next story is uh loki's all right so uh we talked about how some
games are getting different enhancements as they move to these new generation of consoles so of
course uh with that we see some of these older games that were from the xbox one and playstation
4 also getting enhancements as well um however there are seeming to be more coming to the xbox
um series x and s because of the nature of how they're able to patch updates for their
backwards compatibility so for example later this year we're going to be getting an update
for rocket league that's going to allow it to run in 120 fps on the xbox series x and s
but they are not able to do that on the playstation 5 without building a full native port
of the game um because of the way like i said that that works on the playstation 5 versus
the xbox uh series of consoles also um along with that there's gonna be some updates coming
to star wars squadrons as well they're gonna allow the game to run at 1440p at 120 fps on the series
s and it looks like at 4k at 120 fps as well in the series x which would be incredible um
and then of course call of duty war zone is also going to be gaining 120 fps update on consoles as
well and um they're saying that also that there's it may end up being around 100 with some of the
slowdowns in there but um still need to see that some updates are coming but it kind of sucks i
guess with the differences in architecture that it is limiting sometimes with how they're able
to implement that and they can't necessarily do it equally across the board with two different
uh manufacturers of consoles yeah it's um it's i'm hearing it's it's a little more because bobby
was talking about this on his show see a natural network plug a little bit about the um no man's
sky on playstation 5 and how it seems to be a bit of a a chore to get the playstation 5 version on
there from the playstation 4 disc where you have to kind of like install the the playstation 4
version and then once that's there you can kind of choose to download the playstation 5 version
which will require the disc to be in your console to play it which makes it i mean i'm not mad about
that yeah that makes sense but it's weird that you have to like go through the playstation 4
version to get the playstation 5 version whereas i'm gonna be honest my microsoft experience was
okay no man skies in game pass download it to my xbox series series x it's obviously getting the
new version of the game whatever launch the game and oh it synced my slave file save file to the
crowd to the cloud so if i wanted to play my old save which i'd played for like 15 minutes on xbox
one i could have brought that in but i just started a new one but i thought it was it was
just right there ready to go yeah it seems like they're kind of treatment i mean obviously these
consoles are more like pcs every day but they're treating it more like a pc where if i own a game
on steam and i get a new pc i can download it but i can play it in you know with better resolution
with more graphic enhancements added to it at a higher frame rate and that's kind of how they're
treating it with that they're not making it so that i have to create a brand new version of the
game for this pc and a brand new version of the game for this pc and i think that's a good
approach that they took and hopefully sony will be a little bit more i i don't know if sony can
necessarily redesign their whole platform they probably can at this point but maybe adding some
more resolutions available because i know we were talking about it last week or so that they don't
have 1440p right now at launch they have to patch that in you know maybe adding some of those um
as you know different resolutions that they can use to hit some of these higher frame rates like
for example going back to rocket league they're saying that they have a performance mode on the
series x that plays at 2688 by 1512 resolution at 120 fps um but the playstation 5 version will
be limited 4k at 60 fps because i don't think they can do those in between resolutions right
now it has to either upscale to you know 4k or downscale to 1080 so it's it's just limited right
now by what's available but i don't know they can necessarily redesign everything that's not to say
that xbox is going to be the more powerful console because i know that like some games run a little
bit better on playstation 5 right now it just it depends on how the developer develops the games
for these consoles but it sounds like that on the xbox side of the house it's a little bit more
flexible with some of the enhancements they can do all right um yeah i think um you know some
everybody i shouldn't say everybody but there's a lot of people out there that always want to start
a war with microsoft versus sony but i think the time has come to kind of say you know what this
time around it's a very similar sort of thing the the differences between the two consoles i don't
and some people strongly disagree with this because of the the dual sense experience you
know on the playstation 5 in this but you know as far as like what's the more powerful system
like they're getting very close and a lot of these things are very nuanced you know that are
the actual differences between the two i don't know i just you know when i look at something
like no man's sky and how it plays on xbox series x how it plays on playstation 5 outside of the hdr
bug which they will fix it's looks pretty similar you know so yeah all right let's move on
phoenix 77 26 says it's pc the more powerful system and you know what for some people that's
always going to be the way it is all right let's talk about that and then there's nintendo uh
super mario 3d all stars remember that because that's still a big thing they're going to be
pushing through the holidays and then never again uh super mario 3d all stars just got
gamecube controller support that's actually pretty cool uh since after all it is you know emulating
uh super mario sunshine in a way now you can actually hook up a gamecube controller and play
super mario sunshine the way it was meant to be played you know speaking of analog trigger or
speaking of you know the triggers that you know have the different pressures that was the thing
on the gamecube controller that is lost with the switch so that's kind of neat that that is back
now um so yeah if you can find a gamecube controller adapter that is uh and a gamecube
controller but they're still around you know obviously the smash community really loves them
um and you can you can find them have some usb ones though too that you can get that are not
necessarily i think they're like uh will the switch recognize them yeah they sell them at
the store you know um i think they're like that power a brand or something like that like they
have like all the third-party companies and make those cheaper controllers um i don't know if i i
would assume it has analog on it as well but i mean maybe that's an option if you can't find
the expensive ones now um the other big update with uh the mario 3d collection that will get
a lot of people excited is that you can now invert the camera controls with all three titles
yay because some people don't you know you get used to using the joysticks a certain way and then
it's inverted suddenly and it gets really irritating so uh they also give a vague other
general fixes have been applied to improve overall gameplay across all three titles
no idea what that means but okay so hero brain's been removed all right let's go to a simpler time
and uh take a trip to the gaming vault as we look oh my gosh i ran the wrong footage sorry
uh we're gonna go to a simple time and look at the classic game of the week which i might have
just spoiled but maybe not enough uh once a week dark soccer dives into the gaming vault and finds
a game that she thinks hey you guys should be checking this game out and uh once a month though
she decides to go into the pinball vault and choose a classic pinball that y'all should be
checking out and i'm sure you guys have no idea what's coming based on that two second oops i
just did but dark soccer why don't you surprise us all with the classic pinball of the month
it's medieval madness so um medieval madness was put out by williams um it was released in june
1997 designed by brian eddie programmed by lyman sheets um they made 4016 units and it has been
lauded as one of the greatest pinball tables of all time um so uh another thing about this it is
one of the few to have been re-released i will get to that in a moment i own the re-release
so um basically it's got sort of a medieval castle theme you know and so as you're playing in the
center of the play field there is an animated uh castle and it has a drawbridge and you know all
kinds of stuff going on with it and your primary game is is to destroy six castles by hitting the
castle's entryway with your pinball so a specific number of hits will lower the drawbridge and then
expose the portcullis then um it will get that to rise and then you can keep shooting it and
basically you get like light show and different points and everything and then it sort of falls
apart and then it puts itself back together for the next mode um it also has two trolls which are
animated targets um they are concealed below the play field and pop up during certain game modes
and for some reason i always have trouble hitting one of those damn trolls um it also um you know
you have like your your left and right lamps you've got your uh different orbits you have
a catapult ramp um and so uh this particular though game introduced a feature that prevents
a failed ramp from draining your shot down the middle between the flippers and that actually
was patented with this machine um another little neat thing about this rob do you
want to know who one of the voice actors in this game was uh no idea yeah sure who is it
tina faye really yeah the voice for the opera singer princess and the cockney princess
so i thought uh that was really cool so yeah tina faye was a voice actor in the game wow um
oh the bad class of the game has the game listed as medieval madness and then the cabinet art says
ye olde medieval madness um and you know it's it's a really just kind of fun you know
very kind of almost an odd game for its theme so your different missions that you have is
joust champion you have patron of peasants catapult ace defender of damsels master of
trolls and castle crusher you have different multi-balls um you have castle multi-ball
you have multi-ball madness which is really fun um and basically um you uh for each
madness that you complete that you get different number of balls so single is two two to four is
three and five madness is four balls then you have barnyard multi-ball um when you shoot all
the catapult items at the castle and then battle for the kingdom which is the uh it's a two-phase
wizard mode um and i'm not going to go into all the rules on it but um for uh you know it's got
so much going on with it um that uh it's just really kind of complex and really really just
fun um so uh as far as ways to play if you don't have access to the table which by the way um just
to let you know is that if you find an original medieval madness it'll go upwards of eight grand
if they're in pristine when they and this is a contrast when they were new in 97 they
were about three grand um so medieval madness was included in the williams volume one tables
for pinball fx3 um came out november 9th uh 2018 it was previously a dlc for pinball arcade until
june 30th 2018 when williams removed them off for licensing um it is a playable table um on
playstation 3 and xbox 360 versions the pinball hall of fame um the williams collection and it
was included for ultra pin so now here's where we get to the
they did uh two versions of it there's medieval madness remake and medieval madness remake limited
edition they all come with a new color dmd they have led lights on the play field
and we have the limited edition we had one on order and then as it worked out someone bought
one and we ended up buying it from them and this was released by a chicago gaming company
um let me see if i can get just a little bit more because it had some other pretty
pretty good stuff going on with this one like it had in fact uh you could get like a custom
uh topper for it um had all kinds of neat stuff like our particular one um actually has uh like
black legs on it it's really sleek looking but here's the here's the funny thing um
the um when you open up the um the you know the back glass and look inside um you know i don't
know rob have you ever seen behind the back glass on a pinball or matt have you i don't think so no
well normally with the with these older ones from the 90s you had a pretty large circuit board that
you know controlled the rules controlled all the mechanisms in the game and um this has a very
tiny like maybe uh the width of a postcard in square so um the boards on the on this is is
absolutely tiny and then of course the fact that it you know you get a color dmd with it which
i mean a color dmd by itself is i want to say 500 something like that when you're adding one
sort of aftermarket um but i mean it's if if anyone if anyone can find it i absolutely think
that it's it's worth having the remake is tons of fun um let me see if you can find what the
difference is with the limited edition um the limited okay so there we go i've got the chicago
gaming company's website on this so um you can get yeah there's a royal edition that comes with
the king of pain p-a-y-n-e um and it's a fully sculpted um uh eight inch tall uh has integrated
lighting uh that plays along with the game um and then the leds on it are interactive rgb
general illumination was listed as and so it alters your your experience as it changes colors
while you're playing um you have uh an extra large display so the display is pretty much i
want to say twice as big as the original display and like i said it's color um and uh and i'll
link this to people um it's the royal edition which is the one that we have it has the the
powder coated black legs so um the classic one is basically just what the classic table was like
right special edition is the one with all the leds and goodies and then there's the uh the
royal edition that has the topper and everything so we we got lucky and got the uh the royal
edition and i will link that in the chat room because i honestly think that it's worth looking
at it's a really fun table you know what's funny is that um it's uh it's not really my favorite
but i'm glad that we have one it's a really fun one to play um also to tell dark tuxedo
they haven't uh just started doing color dmds they've been doing color dmds i want to say for
at least the last decade so they're not a new thing they're just still expensive uh and one
of the cool things about color dmds um is that you can go in and reprogram colors on it um no
some of these newer tables was actually pretty cool like um we we have a metallica and we have
a acdc and uh when we got our acdc uh the previous owner instead of putting acdc in it i want to say
that he put in i don't remember what band he put in but it was a different band and um you know
so you could switch out like different audio so if they're a lot more uh modifiable now um but uh
i i really think that uh that if you see one of these in the wild and you have never played it
you owe yourself to play medieval madness like i said it is one of the the peak pinball tables by
many people's opinions um it's right up there with like i'd say adam's family you know as far as
beloved tables um theater of magic you know theater magic isn't a great uh tournament table
but it's it's up there with how well loved it is does that make sense oh yeah for sure maybe those
are some tables that i definitely love those other ones she named and this is a good one too so yeah
but i just like any game that starts off with i am the king of pain so there you go there it is your
classic pinball table of the month medieval madness all right check that out uh one of the
if you can find the original great and there's a lot of the the newer edition stuff out in the
wild too or or uh so somebody had mentioned in chat earlier california extreme kind of has the
original but with the modified uh colored uh display on it so which you see on some of those
old tables so fun all right let's travel around quickly and check out some rapid fire news
uh rapidly some other things happening around the industry uh bobby also pointing out that
medieval madness is also in pinball f pinball fx3 of course that's what we were just showing
there so yeah it's another way to get it i said that okay uh let's do rapid fire news loki
so apparently the whole lego mario um line has been doing very well um i know i have most of
them or i should say my kids have most of them um but they're not going to stop with just series one
they're actually going to be releasing a series two starting january 1st are they for your kids
or are they for you
my kids play with them i don't have them anywhere i may help build them sometimes
all right but it's mainly for them um so they got some brand new stuff including a
sets with a chain chomp in there uh they've got ones the wiggler and some new costumes including
the penguin and tanuki marios um some new blind bag character sets with the poison mushroom
looks like parrot paragoombas shy guys and ninjis which are kind of cool um yeah and then they even
have like a master your own like a create your own adventure maker set that has um one of the
koopa kids in there as well and it's kind of more freeform set no new starter set so i thought they
would add like luigi to it to like a multiplayer or something but they haven't done that uh but
yeah that'll be next year that'll be well they tend to do multiple series within a year and
considering that lego mario came out in august of this year i mean it's been running for about four
months so they have the opportunity to do multiple series when it comes out next year so
looks pretty cool so i kids are already wanting me to pick up all these so we'll see
we're a few sets shy of having the entire series one and then along with that where we did get a
tease that there's going to be a brand new map unveiled at the game awards for among us
and uh the new map is actually looks like a crossover map so it apparently is uh the top hat
clans airship from and i can't remember because my kids are telling me what it was i want to say
like maybe the sick man adventures or something like that um but yeah it it looks pretty cool
so new maps um pretty awesome to see some crossover the other indie games as well
neat all right well uh talking about game streaming as uh you know we've kind of brought
up previously on the show um there was some issues going on with the different apps being able to
have game streaming on ios but they seem to have found a solution and that is to do
web apps now uh we also talked about last week on the show that um app stadium which was like
a fan app to get stadia running on ios well uh i guess you won't need that anymore because stadia
game streaming is coming to ios via a official web app so uh that is happening the testing is
supposed to start several weeks from now um but it's nice to have that confirmation i suppose that
that is coming what's interesting is that stadia is not the only one talking about using an ios
web app this week nvidia uh brought their g force now game streaming service to ios
so they are also on a web app um it did launch uh this week it is saying beta though that way
you might run into some issues there but um yeah that is uh also out there so that's kind of
interesting um moving on to a story about the supplies for the xbox series x apparently
microsoft is expecting shortages to continue well into april um microsoft isn't talking about how
many consoles they sell anymore they haven't done that for quite some time and you might remember
earlier in the show i don't think they really care i think it's the game pass stuff they want
to keep touting um but anyway this is uh from that same conference where tim stewart the chief
financial officer was saying those other things i talked about earlier he also said that he's
seeing these shortages continue into the first quarter of next year meaning through march so um
whether the pandemic is to blame for that or high demand to blame for that or all of those things
um is unknown but um it's probably all those things to be quite honest so uh yeah unfortunately
those shortages will be continuing into next year um i noticed dark sakura stepped away is she back
okay yeah i'm back i'm sorry i had it i had my video off so no one would see me
nomming down on my salad no problem i just don't want to miss your stories
yeah no i can miss them it's okay um so there's a recent um a study from um it's an oxford study
that went to nintendo and electronic arts for um uh playtime for for different games so uh games
used in this were um animal crossing new horizons and plants versus zombies uh battle for the
neighborhood and the data uh led to uh well basically first of all it was to give a more
accurate understanding about how long people spent playing the game um and then um they saw
that they were able to find a correlation between uh the gameplay behavior and their subjective
well-being so that they could show that these video games have actually been really good for
mental health um and uh they one of the the things uh they said i'll actually read from what one of
the researchers said is uh they found that the player's in-game experience may be more critical
for their well-being than merely the amount of time they spent playing players who derive
genuine enjoyment from the game's experience more positive well-being so i think that's pretty cool
i could tell you that i mean shoot i would have probably gone nuts if i didn't have animal crossing
um so um also um uh itch.io is doing something a little bit different for black friday
um they're gonna run the sale like everyone else but they're gonna forgo their cut of the game
sales and give the developers that share of revenue for the day that's neat so um it's going
to be active uh starting at uh 3 a.m eastern time midnight pacific on november 27th so if a
developer wants to include their games in the sale then um they can lower the price of their games
during that and still make a pretty tidy profit so uh they also have a massive pay what you uh
that's right this was the one that they did before where they did the pay what you want bundle
uh for uh the n double acp uh legal defense and education fund so cool oh very cool
all right well let's move on and travel around the world and check out some release dates of
games that are coming out this week this is kind of the last chance before black friday
yeah not a whole lot usually comes up this week so uh we do have one significant thing so world of
warcraft shadowlands uh still coming to pcmx uh just dance 2021 on playstation 5 and xbox series x
we've got star renegades on playstation 4 vigor on playstation 4 and looks like last but not least
spirit of north enhanced edition on playstation 5 that is it all right well traveling over to japan
it's still you know the the thanksgiving holiday is uh not really an impact over there so they
still have a pretty full week for game releases uh and this actually all comes out on november
26th so this week on the nintendo switch we have zoids wild infinity blast is out as well as
food girls in a regular and limited edition uh moonlighter and saints row four re-elected the
japanese uh version of that is out this week uh all of that of course on the nintendo switch
um taking a look at the playstation 5 uh it looks like uh just dance 2021 is out of japan this week
as well as an ultimate edition of watchdogs legion oh that is paired with a uh non-ultimate
edition as well so japan gets their version of that this week and then looking at the playstation
4 for the releases there um koi suru otome to shugo no tatse reboot the shield 9 in regular and
limited edition well that is quite the mouthful i wonder if that is based off an anime that i'm
unaware of i'm trying to load the page to see more information off that um wow there's two
checks on the cover of this and one of them is pointing a gun at me so that's an interesting
piece of box art there but yeah i'm thinking that is uh based off an anime or manga um
but other things coming out in japan this week on the playstation 4 this is pretty neat the dead by
daylight uh is getting excuse me dead by daylight is getting a silent hill edition so they're
getting like a physical release of dead by daylight but with the silent hill stuff um that
was put out for that game not that long ago in japan maybe to get more the audience over there
excited about it of course that game continues to do um pretty well i see people streaming it on
twitch all the time uh last labyrinth is the other big release on the playstation 4 this week in
japan how about the uk dark sakura
so yeah uk stuff um so at any rate uh for stuff coming out um this week of course leading into
december we have for the 24th we have emporator rome we have football manager 2021 and it's real
football not american football um overcooked all you can eat uh that's on playstation
cobra kai the karate kid saga continues um we have liftoff drone racing deluxe and playstation
just dance 2021 for ps5 um on the 26th we have tropical six uh my universe my baby that looks
terrible um fantasy friends on the 27th um theme park simulator also in the 27th
and then pang adventures buster edition also in the 27th all right we have a few more stories for
you guys before we open it up for questions from chat and further comments on things we either
have or haven't talked about tonight but we'll get to that in a little bit first we have some
more stories loki yes i don't play any grand theft auto online although maybe i'll change
and go back to it at some point but we did get a tease though that there is um some new uh stuff
coming to grant the federal line line soon so they've got the new uh ko perico heist uh which
is gonna be a uh new location in grand theft auto online so they actually had a small map
expansion new interiors and whatnot um we haven't really gotten any new map expansions since the
game launched um kind of disappointing we never really got any dlc for it aside from
grant the thought online i mean i used lost and damned and um valley gay tony were great in four
but we never got any story expansions like that and five which is kind of unfortunate
but started off they um teased it a little bit with this teaser trailer that launched
that kind of showed a little bit of this new location and then of course um now they have
new dead bodies washing ashore um they kind of go along with that as well but they're apparently
this brand new private island or something is going to be a new place that we can check out in
december and they're saying they're also announcing a new radio station featuring over 100 new songs
to get you dmca flagged on twitch right away yeah don't don't stream on twitch if you're
listening to that radio station so looking forward to checking that out all right well earlier in the
show i was teasing uh some stuff about playstation and perhaps their uh competitor to game pass and
uh this is all coming from some comments that were made by the uh ceo of sony interactive
entertainment jim ryan he was actually speaking to a russian outlet named t a s s about playstation
5 launching there because obviously the playstation 5 is all over the world now i know we
got it a week early in the us and japan but um the uk had their release this last week as well as
everywhere else in the world so there's a lot more interviews and such to support playstation
5 this week um he was asked about the competition with microsoft and what are some of the points of
differentiation and he actually said the that console wars it's not a term that he likes to use
or that he likes it's great that there's competition i think it makes us work harder it avoids us
getting complacent it's great that the consumer has a choice i think that's wonderful now that
led into a discussion on game pass there is actually news to come but just not today we have
playstation now which is our subscription service and that is available in a number of markets
let's take a minute to roll our eyes at that answer because that's not quite the same thing
um i'm sorry but it pales in comparison to what microsoft is doing with the direct emulation
of the older titles in the library now granted not everything is supported you heard too that
they weren't even talking that they're asked about um expanding that playstation plus gold
or whatever collection the playstation plus collection yeah they were talking about um
whether they were to expand it or not they're not even sure they're gonna do that
yep it's just it's just a bonus on top of playstation plus so um well games uh the game
wars are right around the corner they like doing announcements at those things so maybe
i i feel like it's too soon for sony to do it now when they did just put out that playstation
plus collection and a lot of people still can't get a playstation 5 i'm not sure this is something
they have to respond to right this minute especially when microsoft doesn't really have
first party titles for the new era on game pass right now i think sony wants to be thinking about
that for next year um but i honestly i would expect if sony is going to counter with their
own type of game pass and they've got some big partners involved in that that maybe aren't as
involved in game pass perhaps some more japanese centric companies maybe your capcoms your konami's
although konami's not really making games anymore but who knows um stuff from that library uh we
we might see that i would think e3 2021 is when sony responds to it officially but maybe sooner
who knows a game developers conference even though that's not really a news place so you
shouldn't look at it as one and plus it's the day and age the internet they can announce it
whenever they want but i i kind of feel like too early to see what the impact is going to be on
games pass right now with their console i don't know if they can really say that we're losing a
lot of sales because of that no they're both selling out they're both doing well that's why
i don't think sony has to respond till the next fiscal year and that's why i don't expect an
announcement before april that's my that's my take on it um you know that i think it's weird
that he said you know we have nothing to announce now he almost made it sound like it's coming soon
but i i think it's still way too soon playstation 5 is doing nothing wrong it's still selling out
and hard to get same thing with xbox series x now whether the pandemic's to blame for some of
those supply issues i don't know but they're selling what they're making so they've got to
be happy with that so i i'm sure they'll be looking to it next year i think we will see
something that's a little more elevated and i don't think they will enhance playstation
plus collection i think that speculation is right on the money i think uh playstation plus collection
was to try to give more incentive to get a playstation 5 when there is a lack of launch
titles sure demon souls sure the astro astro bot and uh that stuff but there's not it's that's not
enough you guys you know especially when you compare it to some of the prior launches when
you look at you know all the titles that were out there when playstation 2 is new so i just i
i think that was all and to be fair xbox has the exact same problem because they had to push a lot
of their stuff back every every week i i don't think microsoft has a single exclusive this year
now for the new systems i think the last one just got pushed back this last week was it mastermind
or what i don't remember what's called but there was another one that got pushed back this week
so oh was it that uh the one that was like that uh time loop one
i think so i don't i don't even remember yeah uh dj rama s says can you really call it a
console exclusive when the games are coming out on current gen systems twitch bobby blackwell
follows up astro's playroom is literally playstation 5 exclusive and i think that's it
i guess pre-installed technically demon souls remake is exclusive but yes that is a remake
of a playstation 3 game of course but um technically uh that that remake is a new
release and it's exclusive to playstation 5 uh bugsnax is not exclusive to playstation 5
it is also on playstation 4 it is free on playstation 5 if you have playstation plus
only on playstation 5 it is not free on playstation 4
it's very interesting and i hear it's not that bad of a game yeah i'm hearing it's kind of neat
yeah so all right moving on dark sakura with some classics yes how about the sega ages
i like sega ages yeah um collection yeah although some of the the 2500 ones were kind of weird
but at any rate um sega um has wrapped up the sega ages line um it's uh uh for the switch
sorry it's given us some really cool stuff we've been very happy very extensive um but what was the
most popular so it all really depends on where you are and so there was um an interview with
nintendo everything um so kodama reiko um uh okunari gosuke and uh matsuoka chiyoshi
in order we have the producer director then supervisor and then the m2 director
and we're talking about the biggest hit so in japan virtual racing was the most popular um
overseas they said uh it was sonic and then followed by outrun and outrun was super big
in europe in particular but they did notice um that p.o p.o got a lot of attention but that
was also only in japan i like p.o p.o yeah sega ages was a pretty good it was a good way of doing
the retro stuff because they did some really nice upgrades with that i still have to go back and get
a few i really wanted the fantasy star one where it actually mapped the dungeons as you were doing
them because that was one of the most tedious parts of the game with those dungeons and now
they actually map them so that's pretty cool i i i very much would have uh loved to um have
like just a big uh fantasy star like completely redone um with all those features as well but
like uh the full quadrology quartet yeah yeah i just say quartet because that's another sega
thing quartet yeah all right let's move on loki all right so uh this is kind of a cool little
tribute that they did in spider-man malice moralis so as you may remember uh chadwick
bozeman who played black panther in the marvel cinematic universe passed away this earlier this
year and as kind of a little bit of a tribute in the game they have hidden a bozeman way
bozeman way i guess and which is located on the stretch of 42nd street between third avenue and
first avenue and they said that this is um possibly to um because his breakout film i
guess was in this uh a biographical film 42 and that um it's kind of a tribute to that so it's
kind of neat to see that the developers give him a nod in this game as well because he was
so influential um with the fans of you know definitely the marvel universe so um yeah it's
pretty nice yeah and i highly doubt that's the last tribute we see in a video game either or
yeah media period yeah all right well speaking of other media um our last story tonight has to do
with the last of us officially getting a tv adaptation we've had rumors of it we know that
one was being shopped around well guess what hbo is picking it up um hbo has been doing a lot of
interesting stuff recently you know obviously i'm sure you all heard the news this week about hbo
max and how they got the wonder woman 84 uh release so because obviously theaters are
not really a thing right now in most parts of the country at least where we live for sure and where
i think many of you are in big cities there's not really theaters i i guess some cities are still
doing it but you know every place is handling covet differently the reality is new york and la
the two biggest markets don't have theaters right now um so it's hard for movie companies to really
do a release especially of a big budget film like wonder woman 84 bobby blackwell is pointing out
in his area they're open they're just not very packed that's right just because they're open
doesn't mean people are willing to go because of everything going on people know that there's a
risk with it um so anyway uh hbo is uh gonna be getting that wonder woman 84 movie it will come
out on hbo max the same day it's in theaters which i believe is christmas the 25th um is
so that's interesting uh and uh you know we know that disney plus has uh mulan and they the rumor
is uh that cruella deville movie uh with what's her name playing cruella that reminds me of
victoria what's emma stone is that her name that's it she's playing cruella that rumor is that that
movie is going to end up being a digital thing on disney plus and i think there's a couple others
on the disney front i didn't even know that was an actual movie that's coming out yeah there's a
there's a picture of their out there of her as cruella she looks the part she looks really good
and she for those of you that remember victoria on shaking and crying uh the the day i saw what
was that movie that she was in with anna ferris the sorority girl damn it i can't think of that
movie there's a comedy and it was like how funny the house bunny yes that's it thank you the house
i don't know how i know that but i do you know what you just won jeopardy congrats so uh the
house bunny when i saw that movie the very first thing when i saw emma stone i was like oh my god
this is victoria and i texted victoria and i'm like you need to see the house bunny because this
chick is you this is funny so and then victoria ended up meeting her because she went to bra she
was in a broadway version of uh cabaret or something anyway i'm really getting disconnected
sorry but one tangent leads to another um anyhow so how did i get on and oh yes the digital releases
on hbo max which is trying to build themselves up because this is the new reality we're in now
everybody wants a netflix and we knew this was coming netflix hulu cbs or whatever they're
going to rebrand it as paramount or whatever it's called uh what are what are all the others i can't
even name them all now uh hbo max uh what are the other pay tv stuff peacock peacock uh we
technically don't have to pay for that one right yeah so anyway there's they're all out there so
hbo max is going to be going through with their uh adaptation of the last of us to enhance that
and that's another one of those places where i think netflix and what they did with the video
game adaptation of the witcher can kind of yes it was a book but you know it definitely reminded
a lot of people in the video game uh and it led to other video game stuff too which netflix has
had great success with castlevania and all that other stuff anyway so now other streaming companies
are looking to video games for potential stories so the last of us is happening uh hbo has confirmed
that the writer and creative director behind the last of us neil drachman will pen the series and
produce the series it's going to be alongside the creator of chernobyl uh craig mazin sony
playstation productions will produce the series what was i didn't even know there was a sony
playstation productions what was the last thing they would have done the tester tester
i don't know anyway the series will be about the first game so it will not necessarily be
the second game i don't know if that's for a season two or what that what happens does it end
up going like the walking dead where it completely outpaces i don't know we have to see how the first
season does first but hbo has greenlit the production and um that's that's it it's moving
forward so we'll see when it's going to come out probably i would say earliest is like holiday next
year and that's that's cutting it close uh especially with all the covid stuff i mean i know
they're filming things again with precautions and stuff but they might put it off especially if they
want to have like hordes of zombies and things they they might put it off for a little bit so
there it is all right now we're getting to your part of the show the listener round table where
we invite your comments via chat and your emails at participate at orange lounge radio.com i'm not
sure we had any but i'll check with jamie okay so we don't have any wow wow all right participate
thank you for saving my voice participate at orange launch radio.com if you want to send
your emails for next week if jamie really can't read them because of her voice or whatever i'm
always happy to uh jump in there read them uh anyway and usually we would do drag race talk
here but that's a show i haven't watched in months i i know they have all the the way behind
they have like drag race holland drag race canada drag race spain is coming but i'm i'm i'm worn out
yeah you're you're all drug out you're dragged yeah you got dragged all right but if you guys
have uh questions or comments in our chat uh we'll open it up quickly for some chat comments
over twitch.tv slash vog network uh if you have some chat comments you want to get in here i will
ask though of course loki if you have any last minute stories of course so there was a video
put out by sack smashing um i think it was last week actually talking about the brand new game
and watch handheld system and of course the question is can you hack it um so he found a way
to hack the hack the game to um system to be able to inject a custom modified version of
super mario brothers to put you know hack mario brothers or whatever but that wasn't enough
because the the question that's always on people's minds is can it run doom and well he's managed to
get doom to run on it just a very stripped down version of doom that um he had to take some of the
textures out and everything because it is got very limited space it only has a one megabyte of
storage uh one megabyte of ram and so it's obviously very limited space that they could
run at but it runs sort of kind of in theory it runs do you have to is it so slow that you have
to play doom in that scaled down tiny window within your tiny window it is scaled down a
little bit it's not like for the game watch system i think it's about 80 of the screen
so i mean that's not bad but like that it's not a very strong processor that's in there in the
first place um and yeah with not having a lot of storage on there anyways i think we can rule out
like dumping a ton of nas games to it but it's still a neat hack yeah and if you want to play
doom there are literally five thousand other places you can play do anything else you name
it with a screen doom's on it a pregnancy test which is real yes i know pregnancy does
all right anything else that's all i had so one thing i noticed we didn't bring up tonight at all
it didn't come up on bobby's show it didn't come up here on this show i have to say something about
it it's that whole capcom stuff going on now the capcom there so there it's not a capcom leak
it's a capcom hostage situation um capcom had uh their information broken we have brought it
up previous weeks on the show um and they basically took all this information and were
saying uh you got to give us bitcoin or we're going to put the information out there uh they
did not give the bitcoin so the information's starting to get out there um that's up to you
if you want to go looking for that or not i kind of was like do i want to talk about it do i not
want to talk about it do i talk about last week at the end of the show yeah yeah and uh but well
there's more there's real specifics that came out within the last few days i'll say this much um
because this is one of those well of course this was happening me mentioning this of course this is
happening there's information there out there about street fighter six which okay that's one
of those of course it's happening at some point but there's information about that out there i'm
not going to get into the details because it does feel a little dirty at the same time here
at orange launch radio this is you know you know video games gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle
and unfortunately i think what's going on out there with all the news it's kind of becoming
a part of culture so i'm a little bit torn on the appropriateness of what there is to talk about
at the end of the day capcom may change some of those plans um there's things in there about
localized games and things you might be excited about uh and all that but 2020 and this year
may have changed everything so i wouldn't put too much stock in anything that would have leaked out
and uh if you want to go looking for that and looking up that information then you know whatever
but uh you know and i found it i've come across it's been hard to avoid on twitter but just just
know where it came from that's that's really all i'm gonna say i will say this i will mention one
of the things that they discovered that um i think this is one of the things where capcom wasn't
saying anything about it openly um but it's one of those things where when i tell you what it is
you'll kind of go like that is pretty cool that capcom is doing that and that is that it was noted
that capcom is making some real pushes internally to diversify things within their different games
to have more strong female representation to have more lgbtq to have more ethnic representation of
different races ethnicities and so forth around the world and what's interesting is they actually
were calling out like good examples and bad examples in the industries they were talking
about like last of us being like some good stuff uh for lgbtq at least a tomb raider for like
strong female characters um not so great uh old mario and old zelda but look at how zelda has
kind of transformed a little bit uh where it's no longer the damsel in distress but zelda's
you know you still can't play as zelda in the game i think that's coming in the next breath
of the wild but that's neither here nor there um but you can in the hyrule warriors and all that
stuff so it is interesting that capcom is making that push internally to do that so yes that is one
thing that the the uh ransom exposed but it's one of those kind of like well neat that capcom
wasn't going to trout information about look at the good we're doing but they are doing it
internally and they are having those discussions and that part's at least pretty cool so um
let's see oh no comments in chat really so that's that yeah so uh uh good luck to um capcom on
dealing with all that and uh the the apparently there is some information in there we kind of
got into it last week i don't think we need to say too much more about it um that's it i don't
really see a lot of questions in chat so i think we're at the point to to wrap it all up for the
night dark soccer's voice is spent i'm ready to eat i haven't had a lot of food today so i think
we're gonna wrap up let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts first off i want
to thank you guys so much for downloading our show or listening to us live however you participated
with orange lounge radio tonight thank you so much for being a part of the show if you enjoyed
the show tell a friend or five about the show help us spread the word because we are the show where
every gamer has a voice but if the voices aren't out there to put out on air then uh we gotta we
gotta find you i guess so please help us spread the word the auto hosts on itunes go a really
long way for that as well so thank you thank you thank you for that um really appreciate um all
of that and all of your um support with that um i will also try to make it a habit to mention here
at the end of the show another way that you can support the show is by visiting our merchandise
store over at vog network.com slash shop and you can check out the brand new vog t-shirts vog face
masks and if you're a fan of bobby blackwolf which you all should be you can check out the coffee mug
yes we will work on olr specific things hey we gotta have we gotta make sure there's a reason
for you to come back next month right so uh look for more stuff to come to the store in the coming
weeks um meanwhile let's go around and get everybody's official final thoughts
uh dark sakura what's your final thought two things um i look at my blog gen x geeks dot com
g e e x and i want everyone to consider um going to random acts dot org and doing their uh 10
pieces of kindness challenge do your part to be kind to others and kind to yourself it's
it's absolutely worth it you might find that taking the time out just to do a simple kindness
for another person can absolutely change your day and theirs and my final thought on this
thanksgiving week is i am thankful to people who are canceling or heavily modifying their
thanksgiving plans because they're taking um what's going on very seriously and i find it very
unfortunate and um sad and in some ways kind of sick that there are people out there who would
make it a point to brag about how they plan to have you know 36 people together for thanksgiving
uh this year because um they don't believe in what's going on out there in the world and i
find that kind of sad that people would uh have such irregardless disrespect for other human
beings that they are willing to silently spread uh this particular virus um by continuing to do
this by being unwilling to make the small changes that are necessary for us to get through this
together so for those of you that are taking this shit seriously i thank you and for those that
choose to flaunt and brag and rub it in our face that i'm gonna do what i always want because this
is fake and made up a nice hearty fucksgiving to you loki your final thought i'm gonna be working
on my game because i got extra time off so oh really just focusing on getting all the core
coding stuff done and i have a lot of assets i gotta put together because i have a lot of
artwork and stuff and i found some more music to put in there as well so just have to get it all
in there in working order goals to have it released before the end of the year so still
shooting for that i'm gonna be thankful for the day i finally get to play your fucking game
all right sounds good all right thanks you guys stay safe out there happy gaming with all those
of you that are modifying your plans uh for this year uh i wanted to make sure i include heavy
modifications because i know a lot of people are gonna you know like some situations can't be
totally changed but people are making modifications so i'm sure this means that
you know thursday friday uh means a lot extra gaming time for those of you out there so enjoy
it play games to those of you that are working retail my thoughts are with you on friday i would
hope that this year is going to be different in that regard um unfortunately due to the little
rant i just gave i think there's some elements of it especially depending on where you are
that are not going to be different so um just my thoughts are with all of you hard-working retail
folks uh this weekend so that's it have a great week enjoy your video games we'll be back in seven
days to continue the discussion have a wonderful night everybody bye-bye you've been listening to
orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live
show tune into fognetwork.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
so
