Today, February 20th, 2011, could a PlayStation gaming tablet be in the future?
Copycats cause problems on Apple's App Store.
Is PC piracy really in decline?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is episode number 402 for February 20th, 2011.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my awesome
co-hosts.
Say hello over there to Ms. Ms. Jamie Summers.
I love pitas.
How are you?
Full of pitas.
Pita filled?
We are having the best pitas tonight.
You know when you say that really fast, it sounds a little dirty.
Falafel.
Falafel is kind of a dirty word too, I don't know why.
Falafels are delicious.
I'm going to go have another.
One of the things, one of the nice things I can say about Final Fantasy XIV is that
one of the races in it was like a lollafel or something they were called.
I just called them falafels cause they're adorable and cute like falafels.
You know who really likes falafels?
Yes, Salacious Pop, our guest tonight who's speaking early.
Yes, Salacious Pop.
Bill O'Reilly loves falafels.
Say hello as well to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing good.
Alright, falafel filled in your world?
I don't know.
I don't know what to ask.
Sure.
Okay, there you go.
What was the dinner of choice tonight?
I'll ask this.
Ah, just crappy McDonald's.
I wasn't really that hungry but I knew if I didn't eat anything I'd be hungry later
so I just, I had a quarter pounder and it wasn't very good and the fries aren't very
good but I kind of expect in the evening that the fries are never good.
Any McDonald's you go to so it was just, I don't know.
Orange Lounge Foodio, you know we always talk about video games here on Orange Lounge Radio
but a lot of the times we also talk about food.
Also joining us tonight, as you already know, is the one and only Salacious Pop here in
studio.
I'm sorry for speaking out of turn.
I know.
Please don't beat me.
You need to be holding the cheer stick if you want to speak.
Hello, what's up?
How's your week going?
Good.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I have pita so it's a lot better now.
Why don't you tell the audience about what you and I did yesterday and why I'm now a
65 year old man.
I can't move today.
We ran around doing a local version of the Amazing Race scavenger hunt.
It was just between about 15 or 16 friends all within Sacramento downtown.
By the way, no charity, no organization.
Just because we can.
We're bored.
Yeah.
When people get this bored, then this is what we come up with.
Lots of running, of course, because you've got to beat the other teams, you know.
Can't let them win over you.
So yeah, lots of running up and down stairs.
There was a competition where we had to throw horseshoes, play horseshoes and get two ringers.
Lots of running back and forth.
And now Rob is in muscle agony because he's out of shape to the point to where he's hobbling
and can't sit up without help.
It's like I'm a gamer.
I don't do physical activity, you know.
This is too much.
That's such a gift for not playing any more DDR.
But I have half a Vicodin so I'm feeling a lot better after that.
Because Vicodin doesn't take care of the pain, it just makes you not care.
Exactly.
That's exactly what it is.
I just don't care anymore.
But believe it or not, Salacious Pop and I were not a team.
We were on opposing teams.
I was with Lady Victoria, who I don't think has been on this show in years, but she was
on a few times in the past.
I think she filled in for you one time.
Her and Irene were on a show.
But Victoria and I were a team and we came in second.
Woo!
So it was fun.
Yeah.
And after the first and second place was decided, the other teams were like, all right, we have
the winner and the runner up.
We're not doing this shit anymore.
We're done.
The rest of you are too far behind.
The end.
Yeah.
I had a good time.
And I will say this, it was more fun than the Amazing Race game on the Wii.
So doing the Amazing Race game for real was fun.
But about an equal level of the Amazing Race slot machine.
I don't know how many y'all have casinos in your neck of the woods or even old enough
to gamble, but there's Amazing Race slot machines now and they're kind of fun, actually.
I want Amazing Race slot cars.
I'm surprised that's a hobby.
Four of us aren't into a slot car because I always kind of walk by the stores and go,
ooh, that's cool.
I used to love those when I was a kid too.
The hobby store that will dance into doing the RC trucks, the rock crawlers in the cars.
And one of the places he goes to has full slot car sets.
Like with everything and you just build your own car and then you can rent it on the slot
sets.
Good tie.
Aren't there slot car racers on various consoles as well?
I think I want to say there was at least like a Micro Machines game.
The typhoon thing, the simulator at Dave & Buster's that has a pinball table in there.
They have a slot car thing in there.
Oh, fun.
Nice.
Going to our chat room.
We do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern and AllGames.com
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Do join us for a live taping sometime and you can join our chat room and give your witty
insight to the show just like the folks are tonight.
We'll start off with Brad from the show Pod Culture.
We love Brad.
Rob isn't out of shape.
Round is a shape.
You know what?
Maybe I don't love Brad so much after that comment, actually.
That was rather rude.
Don't you think?
No, I'm kidding.
And then some folks are joking about the whole doctor thing.
SSJ100Matt says, OLR house MD, Twitch Dark Tetsuya promptly follows up with, it's not
Lupus.
It's a house joke, TV joke.
Anyhow.
Also, you can join us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
We're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio.
All sorts of ways to interact with the show because we are the show where every gamer
has a voice.
We're going to start off with talking about our gaming weeks and the types of games you
have been playing this week.
Dark Soccer, why don't you start us off?
How was your gaming week?
I played well.
And then I played nobi nobi boy today because I have the nobi nobi app on my iPhone and
I every so often get randomly curious to see just how far he's stretched and he's finally
hit Jupiter or that girl has stretched.
So she's at Jupiter now because nobi nobi boy keeps feeding her his love.
And it's just really stupid crack that I use to fill time.
And I haven't played any more Final Fantasy 3.
In fact, I'm just going to start it over.
Oh, you start over.
Yeah, because I just want to sit and marathon it.
You know what, if I don't play an RPG for a long amount of time, I kind of find I have
to go back and start over as well.
Like, because I feel like I'm so lost in the story.
Oh, and don't forget Marvel vs Capcom 3, which we haven't got yet, but we've played it since
with its freaky ass control style.
And I do have to agree with my co-host on another podcast, Comic Insanity, that Spider-Man
is totally janked in that game.
His moves are messed up.
You know, he's all messed up now.
It's all about Deadpool.
Movie reboot, and he's joining Fantastic Four.
What?
Well, they killed Johnny Storm.
I know.
Who was the most interesting of all of them?
Well, according to Tiara, he was at home eating a sandwich when he died.
Not really.
All right.
Anyhow, what else was I going to say about all that?
Oh, I was going to say, it didn't make the show roll tonight, but about Final Fantasy
3, it was announced that Square is doing a version of that for the iPhone.
And what's particularly interesting about that is that, well, 1 and 2 on the iPhone
were based off the PSP versions.
There hasn't been a Final Fantasy 3 on PSP.
We know there's going to be a 4 on PSP soon, but still not a 3.
But the DS version wouldn't make sense on the iPhone, so what is it going to be?
We don't know.
Well, see, I had waited for Final Fantasy 3 to come out on Wonderswan Color, but they
did 1, 2, and 4.
So I don't know, I think they're just going to go through and resprite them.
In fact, I had a feeling that they had worked on a Final Fantasy 3 for Wonderswan Color
and might just pull whatever they were working on for that, because they had it in the works,
it just never came out.
So maybe kind of go back and get some of the programming.
It would be interesting, though, if they do 1 for iPhone, why don't they just release
it for PSP as well?
I'll tell you, I love those remakes on PSP.
I think they're great.
It was actually, 2 is really simple to play on, because I have 2 on my iPhone.
I am so excited for 4.
There's a part of me, though, that was still thinking about going back and finishing Vi,
but I have it on Sega CD and I could just play that on Sega CD.
I hope they bring 4 and the after years onto the iOS as well, because I don't really play
with PSP anymore.
I wouldn't mind the Final Fantasy 7 cell phone game.
Well, after years did start as a mobile game.
Yeah.
Let me read this comment real quick regarding Marvel vs. Capcom, because this is a complaint
I hear a lot, so I'm kind of curious what Dark Soccer thinks about it.
Believe it or not, I still haven't played it yet.
I'm like, so not cool.
Well, outside at E3, but that was how long ago, and it wasn't really built of the game.
But AkumaJP in our chat room says, Marvel vs. Capcom is just button bashing to me.
Not really that fun.
Agree?
Disagree?
I think it's a lot of fun, especially if you know what you're doing.
I mean, you can pull off moves, but anyone can just pick it up and play it.
That's the thing.
It's that Tatsunoko vs. Capcom control style, because it's the same company, Street Fighter
4, same thing.
But I think that the whole issue with it is because it is easy to get in and mash, because
you can just throw off your super with the push of a button.
When you actually stop and learn the moves associated with it, then there's...
You can definitely...
I'm trying to see how to phrase this right, because it's not like, you know, like in Tekken
where you can have a masher totally beat someone who's actually good at the game.
If you've got skill with it, then you can beat a masher.
I don't know if that makes sense.
So it can be fun.
Yeah, I feel with the versus control style, like for the...
I don't know.
For basic combos, yes, it's very easy for even someone who's never played it before
to get like a six or seven hit.
But if you go to the tournaments or go on YouTube and look at the crazy stuff, you have
to practice and know how to do that stuff.
Like I remember in X-Men versus Street Fighter, you'd go jab, jab, medium, medium, fierce,
fierce, and you basically work through the buttons like a zigzag.
That style, that's still in there, and that's not really easy to do.
Wasn't that kind of...
To throw it back, wasn't that kind of killer instincts thing, is it was very easy to combo
if you just kind of knew the layout?
Yeah, that's why...
Darkstalkers 3 was the same thing.
That's why I always kind of liked killer instinct, to be honest, is that you don't really button
mash, but it's not that hard to figure out the...
There's a sequence.
If you learn the sequence, it just all comes naturally.
In Killer Instinct, the way it was is light punch was linked to a medium kick, which was
in turn linked to hard kick.
And then the other way, so it was sort of like a crisp, but you could also go from light
to hard, but you'd have to move them back in a certain order, and you could figure out
any combo that way, but the buttons were linked a certain way.
I used to...
Well, we had a killer instinct at my arcade when I went to the University of South Alabama,
and my friend Marcy and I would just trade off, because we could do all of those 44 hit
combos and everything, too, but the thing, though, is that with the early versus games
versus the late versus games, that's a lot of versus, the late versus games is that the
early ones still went on that Street Fighter, you know, the six button layout style, whereas...
Hi.
Because we have a four button with a special, so it's just kind of different.
Sorry, we're being interrupted with food requests, that's why we're distracted, so anyhow.
I wanted to throw this out real quick, though, speaking of Killer Instinct, I realize that
everything's up in the air with Rare, and they're not really with Nintendo anymore,
and things aren't like they used to be, but seriously, seriously, what's gotta happen
for there to be a Killer Instinct 3?
I know.
Like, how bad?
Who in this room would love a Killer Instinct 3?
Me, me, me, me, me.
Okay, that's me and Jamie, that's it.
All right, still...
I still wanted the public flogging of the whoever was responsible for the Killer Instinct
Complete 64, that piece of crap port, ugh, already upset thinking about it.
The SNES version was the best home port.
The end.
Yes.
Or MAME.
Mhm.
And I love the mar-cats.
Ah, I love the CD.
Good times.
I listened to that so much.
Killer Instinct had awesome music, it really did.
All right, anyhow, let's move on.
Actually, Killer Instinct 2, though, did have one really good piece of music, and that was
Orchid's theme.
Mhm.
And I remember, this is when I lived in Alabama, and Dan and I were just friends online, is
that he actually waited until the, cause the game would start with a random stage, and
he waited until Orchid's stage popped up so he could record the music for me as a WAV
file back in the day.
Oh, that's nice.
That was so sweet.
And by the way, loved Maya in Killer Instinct 2 with her, like, unrealistic boobies.
She was the first one I beat the game with in KI 2.
Nice.
All right.
Let's move on.
Loki!
How you doing?
How was your game of the week?
Oh, it was all right.
Didn't play a lot, though.
Um.
Just mainly, Sword and Poker 2, and um.
I keep forgetting to get that game.
It's awesome.
You always tell me about it.
I always forget to get it.
It's seriously awesome.
I will.
And then, um, just Grand Theft Auto, mainly.
I don't know, that's about it.
Although I am currently, during the show, playing Bulletstorm, so I don't know.
It's only, like, 30 seconds into the game because I got it booted up and then hit pause.
But it's already introduced me to a new phrase, which is awesome.
What's that?
Murder Boner.
So, uh.
That's pretty sweet.
Um.
Gotta love that kind of stuff.
I have heard, literally, one of my friends describe Bulletstorm literally like this.
It's Bayonetta with a dick.
It's Murder Boner, is what it is.
Okay.
Bayonetta with a murder boner.
All right.
Fair enough.
All right.
Um.
Slice of Pop left the room for a minute, so I'll go ahead and get into my gaming week.
Um.
I actually played a few games this week.
Continued some You Don't Know Jack, which was actually, you know, and I already reviewed
the game last week, so I don't want to repeat myself, but I just want to emphasize, if you
are going to pick up this game, know in advance that you need your save file to move with
you if you're going to go from one Xbox to another, because I'll tell you, it was a little
bit frustrating the way they lock out games in You Don't Know Jack, where you can only
access the first five in the beginning, and then as you play, you unlock one more, so
it's like you only ever have five open at a time, but what was frustrating about that
is that, well, we'd already played the first three when we were at my friend's house, so
when we let the game just randomly pick an episode, we got the first game over again,
so Alan and I were just sitting there, you know, we knew it was just, who buzzed faster?
Who can buzz faster?
It was really all it came down to, so I was a little bit frustrated that that happened.
I understand they probably designed it that way for Xbox Live mode, so that way there
would always be some episodes at the end, most people haven't got to yet, but I would
say for the next You Don't Know Jack game, it would be even better if the non-Xbox Live
games were one set of games, and then the Xbox Live games were like another set of games,
and what they could even do is that, like, let's say you have 70 offline episodes, and
let's say 50 online episodes, have it so that if you have already played all 50 episodes
online, you only get matched up with other people that have played all 50 episodes online.
That way, all the, like, I don't want to say cheaters, but all the people that already
know-
Have, like, staggered levels.
Exactly.
You know, kind of like-
Like, matching, I guess, sort of way.
That would be my feedback for the You Don't Know Jack folks, otherwise I still think it's
hilarious, it's a great party game, it's fun, it's not a $60 game, which is great, and,
you know, it's worth your time, so do check it out.
Other games I played this week, I played Hardcore Uprising, which is the, it's Contra, but it's
not for the Xbox Live, although when you get to the start screen, it still has that doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo,
like the same Contra music, so it's Contra, people, it's just Contra.
I really think this is the type of game that a lot of old-school gamers wish they had so
much more of on Xbox Live.
It really is just, like, a souped-up version of the old Nintendo or the Super Nintendo
game, now with 3D-ish graphics, but not a 3D game, if that makes sense.
It just uses-
2.5D?
Yeah, yeah, like a 2.5D type of thing, where, you know, things are coming out of the background
and the foreground and all sorts of cool stuff, but, like, if you like Contra, this is like
an, you don't even have to think, you're gonna want this game, buy this game.
It's Contra on Xbox Live, and that's really all there is to say.
It's, you know, modernized a bit, there's this full-on anime opening sequence, it's
like, it kind of just made me think of, like, yeah, fuck yeah, Contra, fuck yeah, fire burn,
you know, chicks with guns, it was kind of awesome, so.
Cool.
It's definitely worth your time.
The only downside?
No up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A start.
It didn't work, unless I put it in the wrong place or something, I wasn't able to get that
code to work.
Try it backwards.
Maybe.
You know what happens if you do that in Parodius?
You die.
Yeah, I know.
That happened at-
But-
One of the Gradius games did that, too, I think.
If you do it backwards, then you get your power-ups.
Wasn't it Gradius 4 on the Super Nintendo would kill you, but if you used LRLR, then you would
get all the power-ups, instead of left, right, left, right, the shoulder buttons.
And I think Gradius 5 only let you do it three times.
So.
Also, I played an indie game on the marketplace called Try Not to Fart, and that's the set
of- Jamie looks disgusted.
No, I'm not disgusted, it's just like a what?
It actually cracked me up, like, it's really funny, like, it's just basically like, you
actually try to hold down buttons, like, buttons will light up on the screen, and so you have
to press that right button, and then when it flashes, you let go.
And that sounds really easy, and it is for the first couple levels, but then as you move
on, it's like, A, now Y, now right trigger, now let go of Y, now let go of A.
So it's like Twister.
Yeah, yeah, it's like Twister, and then if you screw up, you fart.
But what's great is that it's like you're on a date with a girl or whatever, and so,
like, the best part of the game is the inane conversation that's happening in the background
where you're trying not to fart.
I like fish.
Exactly, they're, like, talking about, and it's all these, like, total douchebag topic
types of things, like, you know, so, do you come here often?
Oh, well, I didn't, you know, they're having this conversation, and then, like, if you
accidentally fart, it'll go pfft, and it's like, it's just like, ew, that's disgusting.
It's just, like, it's really funny in a six-year-old kind of way, but.
I like how your shoes are tied.
Like, don't spend money on it.
No, I shouldn't say that, because it's an indie development place, but I just, you know,
it reminds me a lot of-
I can't see spending more than a couple dollars on it, which is what it costs, so fine.
The Leisure Suit Larry game, Magna Cum Laude, I believe, where they had this, like, game
where you're talking, you're hitting on women and stuff, and you have this little sperm
that you have to kind of move up and down through, like, this maze that's coming along
the screen, you have to dodge, like, the, uh, I don't know, just, like, STDs or whatever,
but if you hit that stuff, he starts saying weird things, you know?
Yes, I remember that.
It's kind of funny.
I do remember that.
That was funny.
So, all right, um, thank you, Salacious Pop brought me food for that.
He rocks.
All right, um, uh, before I turn it over to Salacious Pop for his gaming week, let me
talk real quickly about, and I don't know if I'm supposed to be talking about this because
there was an NDA and everything, but, eh, it's an open beta.
Everybody's playing it, if they're interested in it.
It's Rift.
I played for a little bit this week.
I grinded a character up to level 8, and, uh, how do I explain Rift?
It's really, really like World of Warcraft in a lot of ways, to the point where I didn't
know what button did what, and I was like, how do I bring up my talent tree?
Oh, well, in WoW, I hit N, and sure enough, I hit N, and it brought up my talent tree.
So, it's kind of funny that I kind of, like, knew the buttons from just having played WoW
so much, um, but obviously, Rift's trying to do its own thing, and let's, let's be honest,
Rift, in its advertising campaign, is trying to say, this isn't Azeroth anymore, or something
like that.
It's trying to say, this isn't like Azeroth, or I don't know.
You're not in Azeroth.
Yeah, something like that.
Like, not in Kansas.
Exactly.
Um, so I played the game to, like, level 8 or so, maybe level 9, I don't know, and, um,
I don't know, I gotta be honest.
I wasn't really feeling it, like, the game didn't have anything that just made me jump
out of my seat, go, wow, that's cool.
Now, I do hear the PVP's pretty cool, and there are some, like, questing in the world
events, and that's something that was in Warhammer, that I really liked in Warhammer, um, the
whole public questing idea, and I wish WoW had something like that, and I did like that.
But um, you know, I didn't get to sample enough, probably in 8 levels, so it's really, I'm
not going to try and review the game, because, you know, I'm just telling you, I played it,
I wasn't blown away by the stuff I saw in the early 8 levels, everybody's telling me
you have to really invest time into it, but let's be real, you know, the game also kind
of has to do something to make me want to get that far, I mean, wasn't that everybody's
biggest bitch about Final Fantasy 13?
It doesn't get good until you're, like, 15 hours in?
That was my bitch about World of Warcraft.
Yeah, and, you know, true, some people have the same bitch about World of Warcraft, which
is why when they did Cataclysm, one of the first things they did, they went back and
redid all the starting areas, to make them a little more interesting.
So, you know, Rift, it's a new game, they'll iron out some of the kinks, it'll be interesting,
um, I'm kind of curious to see where it ends up.
I haven't made my decision yet if I'll actually buy the Fury Tail one or not, I kind of, I'm
not looking forward to paying another monthly fee, but, whatever.
Would you, did you have something you want to say about Rift, Salacious Pop?
How does it look, is it pretty?
Yeah, it's pretty, I don't know.
There's something about, something about the way the characters look, I kind of like the
cartoony look of WoW, that Rift is trying to be a little more realistic, it does have
more intense character customization, I spent a lot more time doing that, so that was kind
of cool.
But, um, I don't know, like, I thought the scenery looked really nice, I really liked
the environments, I loved some of the sunsets and the water effects, all that's really beautiful,
but I wasn't, like, really into the way the characters looked, or the monsters, but, you
know, I don't know, I could, that's, that's really an opinion, so, there you go.
So that was pretty much it for My Gaming Week, uh, we'll move on, I already mentioned the
Twitter and the Facebook and all that, as far as housekeeping goes, I don't think I
have a whole lot else to add, so, let's get into some actual...
Falafels!
Falafels!
And then Game, oh, yes, Salacious Pop?
My Gaming Week.
Oh, I'm sorry, well that's what happens when you leave the room, Salacious Pop, how was
your Gaming Week?
Yeah, I left the room because I was sent to bring him food, so...
I know, you were gone for, like, an hour.
That's right.
Um, well, I play a lot of WoW, so derp derp, that's more appropriate for your other podcast.
Um, the Valentine's Day holiday in WoW is wrapping up, and I still haven't completed
it yet, so I need to do that tonight before it goes away.
Then some, uh, You Don't Know Jack on Xbox 360.
Um, I played about an hour's worth of The Great Gatsby Tribute, NES ROM Hack, amazing,
love it.
That was a book that we had to cover, I think it was junior or senior year in high school.
It's an old...
Okay, tell me about how this works as an NES game.
I don't get it.
It's, in level one, you play Sam, I think, the friend, who is sort of the person that
he's sort of narrating all the stuff that goes down.
You show up at, um, Gatsby's party, and you have to dodge butlers and drunk flappers and
find Gatsby in the library at the end of the stage, and it's basically a platformer.
You're jumping over mobs and shooting pew-pew bullets at them.
And it's The Great Gatsby, so I love it.
Um, so I played that.
I hated that book, just so you know.
That, well, that book, Catcher in the Rye, Lord of the Flies, all the books you have
to read in high school really depends on the teacher, I feel.
I'll give you that, but I never liked being forced to read books, and there were some
truly terrible books I had to read in high school.
And we had to read a separate piece, oh my god, I hate that book so much, and The Crucible,
Arthur Miller, ugh.
I think I read a separate piece, and I didn't, what's a separate piece about?
I sound so uneducated right now, this is years ago, what's a separate piece about?
It's the best friend, and they're on the branch, and one of them sort of jostles the branch,
and his best friend falls.
I think I really like that book.
And breaks his arm, and he feels guilty about it like his whole life.
Yes, I like, I really like that book.
Awful.
It's my least favorite, I hate this book, I hate it, I hate it, I hate it.
Dandelion Wine.
I've never seen, we haven't covered that one.
Ugh, terrible.
The Grapes of Wrath totally made me want to slash my wrists.
But I loved Catcher in the Rye.
We did a nice advance, but not.
I was that angsty kid who liked all that, you know, books that say fuck.
So yeah, Great Gatsby, WoW, Knights of the Clicky, did you talk about the hold in the
fart game?
Yes I did.
I missed that.
So in You Don't Know Jack, between the questions, there are little animated segments for each
number of the question.
The one for number five is auto-tuned, ooh number five girl, you rock my world girl.
Cracks me up.
I cannot listen to it without dying of laughter.
So you have to play that game.
Every time question five comes up, I just hear giggling, and it's Alan.
Yeah, but that's all.
What other classic book should they turn into an 8-bit game?
Watership Down.
Oh yeah, that'd be a good one.
How about Brave New World?
How about Atlas Shrugged, and then it would be the most boring, stupid game ever.
What's the book, James Joyce, who writes basically gibberish for 400 pages, and it's a classic.
I'm liking on the name of the book.
Maybe somebody in chat will.
Well, we've already had The Inferno.
Oh yeah, it's true.
By the way, Dark Toa Gak in our chat room, I love this comment, LMAO, we're reading that
in English right now, and the teacher brought that game up.
I guess that's kind of a cool way to connect with your class.
You know what, if I was an English teacher, I would kind of show that game in class to
get people interested.
Like I think, I don't know, I could go on a very long time about that, but I think if
you really want to engage kids, sometimes you have to kind of speak on their level.
Here's what I remember of The Great Gatsby.
It's in the 20s, they're drinking illegal wine, and they had no air conditioning in
New York.
I just remember Mia Farrow in the movie and how much she sucks.
I don't like her.
Anyway.
Video games, video games, wow, wow, wow.
All right, let's talk about some actual video game news, Loki, help, or we're going to turn
into the literary podcast.
Yes, let's talk about a video game that's being worked on right now by former Rockstar
cut scene directors.
I don't even know if that's a credible occupation, but whatever.
He's credited as a writer, director, and I guess a voice actor for different games for
Rockstar between 2001 and 2005.
But anyways, he's working on a game called 1979 The Game, which sounds kind of boring,
you know, a game about a year, but no, actually it's about the Iran revolution, and basically
he says they're focusing on the takeover of the American embassy and outline the game,
saying that they're looking at about eight to 10 different roles or different perspectives
that are going to be in the game, different characters, and initially you'll start the
game off as an Iranian but American born US State Department translator who is, I guess,
coming in with the objective to try to free the US hostages.
So interesting subject, I suppose.
They're saying that obviously it's going to be a social and political title, and there's
going to be some sandbox and strategy elements to the game.
I wouldn't doubt that a person that worked on Rockstar Games would do something that's
not a sandbox game, but it's interesting, and no word on when this is possibly going
to be released or how long it's going to take for development, but I guess it's an interesting
subject.
Honestly, before I was born, so not really too familiar with all the stuff that happened,
but so you're calling us all then, basically, when you make yes, I am calling you.
Well, I was one year old when that all went down, and I'm sure that you were.
I know, right?
Immediately on top of all the political news, but it is still a little weird.
I don't know.
These whole like games based off real life are kind of strange to me.
I don't I can't put my finger on it, but like, wouldn't this game kind of encourage you in
some ways to be like changing history?
Or like you can change history in it?
I don't know.
But then again, I love civilization, so I guess I'm being a total hypocrite right now.
It's different.
I can't explain it.
It's different.
Is this a game you're interested in playing, Logie?
Not really.
It doesn't sound that interesting.
Even though even with the Grand Theft, no, because it's a guy who was a cutscene director.
I mean, so what they directed stuff.
It's not the people actually.
I don't know.
It's it doesn't really count.
Do you think that maybe it's kind of funny because I was just mentioning this in our
whole little literary discussion.
It's not like Rockstar Games is saying, OK, we're going to make a game about the Iran
revolution.
Then even then, I'd be kind of like, eh, I don't buy everything Rockstar puts out.
I mean, come on.
Rockstar Table Tennis?
No, thanks.
I bought Rockstar Table Tennis.
All right.
Look, I'm sure you're sure you play that game every day.
We were just talking about how, you know, if I were a teacher, I would use the great
Gatsby game to try and relate the book to kids and make it more interesting.
Is this maybe a way because all of us in the room admit we don't we weren't really old
enough to understand what was going on at the time.
So maybe this is a way to educate us on what happened.
I guess it could be.
I mean.
I just don't care.
I don't know.
That's just maybe wrong of me, but I don't care.
It's just like I wouldn't want to like a game based off of, I don't know, most of history.
I just don't really give a crap about history.
Well, I'm a history nerd, but I don't think that I would really play a game about history
unless it was a time period that I really enjoyed, you know.
I mean, I like the historical genre, but if I really want to know about this, I could
just go and read everything, which I have.
I go back and read history books for fun.
The only history I want to learn about is the history that takes place in Command & Conquer
Red Alert.
Granted, it's not exactly accurate history, but it has lots of guns.
Here's the funny thing.
Like in Einstein, I, I enjoy these history games like Battle of Olympus, which I know
is stretching it a little bit, but that's like going way back, like I remember Battle
of Olympus on the NES.
That game was awesome.
And you did learn a little bit about Greek mythology playing that game.
But like if they were to make a video game on like other recent historical things, like
let's be honest, if they were to make like a game on 9-11, that's not a game.
That's not something I'm interested in playing at all.
Like that's just not, like games are, I don't know, they're supposed to be like entertaining.
How do you even make a game out of that?
I mean, really.
Well, hopefully there isn't one, but how do you make a game out of the Iran Contra scandal?
I mean, come on.
It's weird.
Okay.
Let me put this though into perspective.
Okay.
I would say that World War II just ended three months ago and someone wants to put 1942 on
the market.
It's the same thing.
And the first stage is Pearl Harbor.
That wouldn't fly.
Yeah.
Well, ironically enough, how many World War II games exist today?
There's zillions and zillions.
And I guarantee, well, we've already got games set in the Gulf War.
Yeah, I know.
So, I mean, hate to say it, if there's a war involved, it sells games.
They're just going to leave out certain things that are too recent for people, but you know,
maybe 15 years from now, we're going to have a, you know, a rewrite history game where
you save the tower or something.
They tried that and unfortunately that game sucked.
It wasn't necessarily saving the tower, but it was, and I'd see, my mind is already blocked
it out because it was such a crappy first-person shooter.
It came out last September of 09.
And basically you went back in time and you had to save specific people from history.
Just like nobody people.
But they had the Civil War and stuff like that and everybody's fighting the muskets
and you have this laser cannon, you know, just like, oh, you have to reload your musket.
Let me blow off your head with this Uzi.
You know, it's just time cop shit.
If Konami had their Metal Gear Solid team make a game, a sneak or a stealth game where
you investigate, where you go to Watergate, the hotel, I'd play that.
Return of Time Pilot, maybe, because you remember Time Pilot, the old school shooter?
Modernize that.
Way off topic here, but he brought it up.
Metal Gear Solid, wouldn't it be awesome if they had a Metal Gear Solid style game set
in like a high school or something like that and you're just like a high school kid or
something and all very sneaky around.
Are you shooting people?
Because that's not going to go over very well.
No, not shooting people.
I'm talking about something like more along the lines of bully, but you know.
Oh, like gossip.
That should be the Mean Girls game.
Not this puzzle shit, but you should be like the evil gossip biatch of the school where
you eavesdrop on conversations and then like, man, that would be awesome.
Imagine Metal Gear Solid mixed with Mass Effect style dialogue.
That should be the Mean Girls game.
Way too dramatic.
You know, just like everything way overdramatized, you know, just a ridiculous amount of drama
to the game.
It'd be awesome.
No one has that kind of sense of humor, but Konami, I can see that you have that sense
of humor because you're putting out Rock Revolution and, God, what was that crappy high school
dating game that they had on the PSP?
Oh, I don't even, I remember the game.
I don't remember what it was called.
Anyways, see, I think all those things could be fixed with a little bit of Metal Gear Solid
thrown in, and hell, if you want to be funny even better, you know, even better if you
want to be a little bit more funny, you could have the principal or dean to be actually
Old Snake.
It'd be hilarious.
Or a guy that looks like Old Snake, you know.
Alright, let's talk about some non-historical games that are coming out pretty soon, and
actually a lot of this has to do with Telltale, who had a big, big, big, big press event this
week.
They announced a lot of new games that are coming out, and the first is the Fables series.
This is the comic book series Fables.
That is going to be coming out in the first quarter of 2012, so that's one of the games
that they are working on right now.
You know, kind of fairy tales.
They get, this is interesting, the comic book is based on characters from various fairy
tales like Snow White, Pinocchio, and this stuff.
They get excommunicated from their realm and forced to live in New York City.
So like, if you're thinking like, Fables is like, oh, it's like a Hansel and Gretel.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
It's very different.
I have the first two volumes of the trade paperback of the comic, Vertigo, which is
DC's sort of more, I don't want to say adult, but their more serial, like, mature imprint.
They put Fables out, I have the two first volumes, and it's awesome.
I actually just, um, we've talked about a new issue that came out, which is the Cinderella
based one, where she's an assassin.
So it's like Enchanted, Enchanted meets Leon Professional.
Pretty much.
Nice.
How do you think it's going to translate into a game, those of you that know the books pretty
well?
I think it could do it.
Yeah, the, it's like, I want to, I mean, they cuss a lot.
Snow White, when she gets stressed out, will drop an F bomb in the comic.
She's like, you know, because Beauty and the Beast to go see her for marital problems.
And she's like, I'm not a caseworker, leave me alone.
If they can keep that kind of humor in there, the video game will be great.
Why are you asking me?
I get banged by seven different dwarves.
F off.
Oh, don't bring that up, because she will, yeah, no, don't, yeah, they bring that up
in the comic.
Well, like, I like that in the first issue of the Cinderella one, like, her nemesis is
Dorothy Gale, who's a codename Silver Slipper.
Nice.
Maybe they have the chew thing going on.
Can I be honest?
I never heard of this series until the news, and now I'm like really interested.
I'm gonna have to like borrow your books.
That sounds awesome.
I like things from my childhood, like really, really messed up.
If it wasn't already messed up, like Return to Oz.
Most disturbing thing from childhood, yes or no?
Yeah.
The entire claw, I mean, Baz Luhrmann's shooting his adaptation, The Great Gatsby in 3D, that's
gonna make no fucking sense.
I mean, seriously, The Great Gatsby was pretty boring, but then I know there's all this symbolism
in there, but when Baz Luhrmann gets a hold of anything, it doesn't make any fucking sense.
Not to say it's bad.
I like Moulin Rouge.
Yeah.
But I just don't like this 3D orgy, all these movies are having.
No, no, I understand that.
Everybody's, whatever.
I love that Christopher Nolan came out and said, the next Batman's not in 3D.
Thank you.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
This is why I love him.
It's in 40!
With the Batman movies.
I know.
I know.
All right.
So anyhow, moving on with other news that came out of the Telltale press event, Jurassic
Park is one of the other games.
We've known they've been working on this for a while.
They showed off a little more about the game, and it's gonna be coming out in April.
And there's actually a whole little movie that comes with this, but apparently the story
involves, they kind of found an opening in the movie of something that was left unresolved,
and you can say the book too, of course, although not to get off track, but I always found it
interesting.
Did you ever read the sequel to the book, the Jurassic Park, the Lost World, the book?
Did you know it's a sequel to the movie, not a sequel to the original book?
Yeah.
Because characters that died in the first book are suddenly unexplainably back because
they didn't die in the movie.
I always found that fascinating.
Well, Crichton was like, millions of dollars?
Oh, I'll have this done in two weeks.
Exactly.
I loved Jurassic Park when I was younger though, and that movie like first came out.
I love that, and I love the book, and I even like the sequel.
I just didn't care for the third one.
But anyway, I'm actually really excited about this.
But the loophole, or whatever you want to say, the place they found in the story, is
that, remember Nedry, who was played by the guy from Seinfeld?
Newman.
Newman, yeah.
When he escapes, he gets killed, right?
But what was he trying to do?
He was trying to get out of there with the...
The shaving cream of the embryos for the competitor.
But it's never recovered.
It's always assumed lost.
So that's where the game's going to step in, is what happened to that container?
Where did it go?
Who found it?
What did they do with it?
So I'm glad they were able to find an opening in a 20-year-old movie, so I'm pretty excited
about this.
It's going to be pretty awesome.
Five episodes, $29.99 pre-order.
That's a $5 off the regular price.
The Walking Dead.
This is a show on, what, AMC that a lot of people are really into?
Also a graphic novel.
Multi-platform quarter four of this year is when this is going to be out.
So are you excited about The Walking Dead being a game?
I don't know the show at all, but you know the book, and you know the show.
I know it's a book first, and then it became the AMC show.
I actually have not been exposed to it at all, so I don't have much of an opinion.
Other than I love stuff with zombies, like I never get bored of zombies.
Some other quick things that were announced at the Telltale event.
There is a Puzzle Agent 2 on the way.
Not a whole lot of information outside of that, but that will be on the way.
Also Hector, Badge of Carnage will be coming out on the iPad, PC, and Mac.
It is a not-for-kids adventure game, so it's a little bit more adult.
And then lastly, one thing that they announced, and this is a big bombshell, and this kind
of made me go, King's Quest is getting a reboot from Telltale.
And this is really like one of those moments where it's like, wow, that was like a fan
boy thing that I wanted to happen to this game when it was announced they weren't really
going to be making it.
Gosh, shouldn't Telltale make a King's Quest game?
Wouldn't that be a perfect...
And it's like really happening, y'all.
Now we kind of know why Activision sent that cease and desist to that other group, because
this has probably been in the sort of brainstorm for a while, so now Activision looks less
like jerks, and I don't like it when that happens.
Exactly.
Yeah, I know.
I think a lot of us are going, oh, that explains a lot.
Well, and the cool thing is, though, the silver lining people are still allowed to do their
thing, and they're putting out what, the third game, or they just put out the third episode
in their series.
So it's cool that that's able to coexist, because you know what?
I think it's okay to have two games in the same universe, so to speak.
Why not?
We have all these, like we were saying earlier, World War II games.
We have TV shows.
We had two Star Trek shows on at the same time, so why not?
And it's cool that one's free, and one is by, please don't take this the wrong way,
but one is by professionals, whereas one is by fans.
You know what I mean?
I don't mean to make the fans not sound like professionals, because I know they're really
passionate about what they do, but on one department, you have the same group that made
Sam and Max and rebooted Monkey Island.
Telltale has a proven track record.
They have the pedigree to do this.
That's a good word to do it, to say, pedigree.
And it's really cool that both are gonna be coexisting and what have you, and I am so
excited to see what they put out.
I'm surprised, though, that not a peep out of Roberta Williams.
I mean, I realize she's, what, living in a fort in the middle of the woods now, and doesn't
really do a lot with gaming.
They live in Yosemite or something weird, I don't know.
They pretty much remove themselves from society, I think.
So long as she's getting her royalty checks from this, I'm happy, because I have so many
video game memories tied to her and Ken Williams.
And they just, like, I don't even think I have to say this, because I think they already
know, but Telltale, if they're gonna be rebooting it, we've gotta have something as awesome
as Rosella, the fourth game.
And I think there will be nods, there'll be winking nods to the old stuff, I believe it.
So it'll be cool.
Because they didn't say it's a remake, they said it's a reboot, more to be revealed at
E3.
So, very cool.
Very, very cool.
So lots of news out of Telltale this week.
Let's move on, though, with some other news.
DarkStakra.
Well, there's a different perspective out on how piracy is going in the PC market.
And they're actually saying that according to this one facility, the PCGA research group,
that actually PC piracy has gone down.
Back in the day, it was that people were actually copying off disks and then downloading a crack
file so that they could play the disks.
And that now it's because there are so many things that are included in the games now
that you have to be a part of that network for, that you have achievements and in-game
goodies, that people are discouraged from doing it because they're not gonna get any
of the bragging rights that go along with having the game.
And a lot of crack codes now are people who are trying to play their game on multiple
systems, who they just don't have enough authorization codes or something for it.
And the other thing, too, is they're saying that MMOs are the most successful when it
comes to anti-piracy because really it's not really that cost-effective to run your own
server for a lot of these games.
You have to take donations and you also just don't get the updates as quickly unless you're
playing Ragnarok Online.
Everyone, private servers, Ragnarok Online, fantastic.
I digress.
But the WoW ones are really jank.
It's kind of like one of those you get what you pay for sort of thing.
And I like that Sega actually gave some support for when PSO, Phantasy Star Online, went to
private servers when they shut down their own that they let people transfer their characters
over.
Yeah, didn't they release the code or whatever if you want to host your own?
Yeah, they did.
So that was really cool.
And the other thing they're saying is that there's so many free-to-play games now that
you can't pirate a free game.
It's free anyway, so why not?
And it's not like if you want the extra goodies in it, if you're running it on your own server,
then you've got to make all the extra goodies for it yourself as opposed to getting the
community content like how they did with Second Life.
So they're saying that in general, that with the scope of games and with how games are
distributed now, that the piracy itself has gone down.
Interesting.
I mean, when I first kind of heard the title of the story, I'm kind of like, really?
It seems like with a lot of the stuff we read about, it's up, especially with Torrance and
everything.
But that does make sense.
And a lot of MMOs really dominate, whether you hate them, you can't deny, they really
dominate a lot of the PC gaming market, and you really can't pirate those.
I mean, you can, but it's just not, I mean, when you do, you're definitely not getting
the same experience that a person who pays for it does, unless it's Ragnarok Online.
I like with your first person shooters, that you've got servers set up for online play,
and you get all these extra bonuses in online play that you don't get playing by yourself.
Or some that have it patched to where your LAN is disabled.
If you've got a pirated version, because I've noticed a few of those running about.
I've noticed a lot from more recent games, like the huge hits like Fallout 3 or whatever,
Modern Warfare 2, Starcraft 2.
Even without the cinematics, these games are huge, and I know that at home broadband connections
are faster than they've ever been.
You can go to Best Buy and pick up a terabyte FireWire drive for like a hundred bucks.
But if you want to really commit to pirating a PC game, the torrent's like 60 gigs, 70
gigs.
And it's like, yeah, all right, leave it running overnight, but it's like, that's just too
much.
I'd rather just buy it.
I don't know.
Of course, I think Matt's giving me stink eye right now.
We'll see.
That's what everyone would like to hear.
The thing is that it's really slow, but honestly, it doesn't take much.
And there's a lot of communities out there that don't use BitTorrent anymore.
They use file sharing sites like MegaUpload or the RapidShare, MediaFire, all that stuff.
And they have programs like JDownloader, which will actually allow you to, if you don't have
a membership or whatever to those sites, it'll automatically wait the 30 seconds or whatever
to download your file, move to the next one, and so on and so forth.
Then it's very automatic overnight, and the download speeds are a lot faster.
Or there's also Usenet, which newsgroups and stuff like that, you can download a DVD in
like an hour.
This question's gonna sound totally random, but I think it's worth asking.
What about bandwidth caps from providers, though?
Like Comcast has a hard cap of 250 gigabytes that you're allowed to transfer a month before
they call your house and threaten you.
And with these 70 gigabyte games, you're taking a big chunk of that.
Well, 70 gigabyte games, I mean, there's no games that are 70 gigabytes.
Yeah, I think Salacious Pop might have been exaggerating a little bit, but I wanna say
Starcraft 2 is at least 20.
Well, like Fallout 3 Game of the Year, if it's not compressed at all, that's the big
game.
Yeah, but everything's compressed, I mean, you're talking like the most, you're gonna
probably have two DVD9 disk images or whatever, you're looking at 18 gigs or something like
that.
Even still, even if you're pirating a bunch of stuff, it's gonna be very difficult to
hit your cap of 250 gigs.
And I can tell you this now, I download my episode of Supernatural every week, because
I'm at Temple on Friday night, and so I miss it.
So I downloaded my episode of Supernatural, and I've just downloaded the first four episodes
of Being Human, Season 3, and the first two of the American version of it, like, last
night, while I was playing World of Warcraft, and Dan was watching stuff on YouTube.
So it's really not that hard.
Are you not able to, well, TV shows are kind of a different thing, though, are you not
able to watch Supernatural online, like on the official website or anything like that?
Well, they don't have the episodes up on the CW website, and they put them up like a week
later on Amazon for $1.99, but I just download HD copies.
Well, there's a certain channel that I don't get on my cable, but every week I will go
on the website and watch the best and funniest show on all of television right now, RuPaul's
Drag Race.
Every week.
I will go on and watch that on Logo's website.
Well, I don't think you can watch the Colbert Report and The Daily Show.
Yeah, you can watch a lot of stuff online.
It doesn't even have to be, like, Hulu or whatever.
You can go on the website.
Survivor every week is there.
Amazing Race is on tonight, and I probably won't get to watch it because I'm doing this
show, but I'll watch it on CBS.com tomorrow.
Yeah, CW's kind of janky that way with...
That's weird.
And it's fine because, honestly, I hate commercials because I really think that most television
is absolutely stupid, and I think most commercials are absolutely stupid and I don't like being
talked down to.
So I'll just download the episode of Supernatural and just watch it, and, like, if I'm in the
middle of chatting with somebody, I can pause my episode, chat, and then go back and finish
watching the episode, or I can, you know, go mining or something.
Let me rewind a little bit in the chat room.
This is going back to the previous story, but it's worth saying.
We were talking about King's Quest, Rickster's in our chat room at chat.orangetontrady.com
saying, reboot Space Quest.
Yes.
Do you think that possibly if King's Quest were to be successful, perhaps Telltale would
be interested in rebooting Space Quest and maybe, dare I say it, Quest for Glory?
One of the hero's games?
The two dudes whose names I knew in junior high school that I can't seem to remember
anymore, if they sign off on it, then hell yeah.
Al Crow and someone else, I don't know.
But sadly, somebody else got Leisure Suit Larry, didn't they?
So they wouldn't be able to do a reboot of that one.
I don't know.
Leisure Suit Larry is one of those things that I more and more believe was probably
better left in the past.
But I digress.
Let's move on.
Loki, what do you have for us?
Yeah, the last few games in that series have not been great, or good, or worth playing.
We talked a little bit about some of the stuff before, how there's been, you know, copycats
on the App Store.
In fact, there's even been, you know, I mean, no one's gonna say that there's not knockoffs
on the App Store.
I mean, hell, some companies have made a good business of putting out high-quality knockoffs
at different games.
But plain theft of actual games.
One of the games that's been hit with this is the game The Blocks Cometh by Halfbot.
And it was actually a Flash game at one point, but there's a, you know, group of people that
actually stole the game, and the assets, and everything else, and put it up on the Apple
App Store, and were selling it for quite a long time.
I remember this.
This came up on the show about a month ago when this first happened.
Yes, and it was just like, you know, they were trying to get, you know, people trying
to get Apple's attention to get it taken down.
Because seriously, the game actually broke into the top 100 as a 99-cent app.
It not only made it into the top 100, but they also had it on the new and noteworthy
section of the App Store.
So it got a lot of attention as the knockoff game.
And now it's finally back.
The real game is out there now, so that's kind of cool.
So that's pretty sweet that they're able to actually get their game on the market.
But I mean, a lot of damage has been done, and people already have, like, the old version
of the game.
So it kind of sucks.
What can be done about this, though?
It's very interesting, because Apple, you know, their people don't really know how to
screen for copyrighted stuff.
I mean, I'm sure if somebody tried to put out Super Mario Brothers on the marketplace,
they'd kind of get that.
But, you know, a game like this, I gotta be honest.
I wouldn't have known it was a stolen game, either.
No.
You don't have time to play everything.
Exactly.
So how do you stop theft like that?
I know Xbox Live, the indie marketplace, does a peer review.
Is that the answer?
I don't know.
It might be the answer, I don't know.
But it's not the only game that happened to it.
There was another game, I don't remember the hell it's called, but it was some game with
fighting animals.
It was like a 3D fighter game, and that actually had a version of it, you know, ripped off
and put on there.
A little bit different situation with that is people that they claimed they were sold
the rights to the game and stuff like that, but, you know, the developer said, no, you
only have the rights to, you know, this, for, you know, the Flash game or something like
that.
We have the rights to do this.
So there's a big ol' thing about that.
Well, that's not so much a blatant ripoff.
That's just two people not knowing how to talk to each other by people like companies.
Something like that, yeah.
Well, that's not the only game that's also kind of in hot water with Apple.
Smurfs Village, obviously a game that's out there.
It's free to play, sort of.
They call it like a freemium game.
Well, there's been a lot of complaints from Capcom, or, you know, to Apple, I guess.
Apparently Capcom, you know, they don't have good luck with the stuff on the iOS, I swear.
Mainly there is a problem that people have been racking up pretty huge bills with this
game.
Mainly do, I guess, Apple's iTunes protocol means that once you've entered your password
or whatever, all subsequent downloads and, you know, paid or free or whatever, don't
require a password to be re-entered for 15 minutes.
So say someone goes and purchases something on there, gives it to their kid to go play,
you know, a game or something like that.
He can go on the Smurfs Village and, oh, I'm going to spend $50 over and over and over
again and just keep racking up.
I'll tell you, it's really easy to buy stuff within a game.
It's just a little pop-up box.
Click OK to purchase dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
It's very easy.
Yes.
So, you know.
What do you want to say, Salish?
I was just, I don't even, you know, have kids in my household and I'm usually very protective
of my stuff.
For Amazon and iTunes, I always shop with a cart.
I never use one-click purchase just because that stuff terrifies me.
I want to be asked for my password every single time.
Yeah.
And there's also ways, I mean, if you have kids and, you know, this is something that
you're afraid that might happen, there is a way you can also disable.
First off, you want to make sure your settings have a parental lock on that as well.
You can also disable in-app purchases.
And it's opt-out though.
It's not opt-in, which is the problem.
It's opt-out.
So, you need to, you know, make sure you do that.
But yeah, apparently, you know, there's, I know we've heard there is, you know, kids
racking up thousands of dollars of purchases because they thought, you know, Smurf Berries
were free.
I hate to break it to you, kids, Smurf Berries are never free.
Here's the thing.
Like, I get where there's a problem on, I don't think that's really Capcom's fault.
I think Apple needs to make it easier to lock these things down and to be honest, I haven't
had to, you know, nobody uses my phone but me.
So I haven't had to explore.
Well, they're basically saying, I mean, yeah, I agree that they should lock it down, but
they're also making it seem that it seems like the kids aren't even aware that it's
costing money.
And then there's my other thought.
Why are you giving your phone to kids to play with these games without supervising that
somewhat?
Or why are you letting them play these games if you know this, well, I guess maybe some
parents don't know.
They may not know it's a free Smurf game.
I still think some onus is on the parents.
It is negligence on the parents' part for sure, but.
But you're right, you shouldn't mark a game free that's not really free.
They're not making it any, I mean, they're making it as easy as possible for it to happen
so that, you know, maybe say, you know, a kid rack up, you know, racks up, you know,
$30 with the purchases or something like that.
The parent might go, shit, but not think to complain to Apple to try to get that refunded,
you know, whereas, you know, thousands of dollars, they're complaining and then all
of a sudden, you know, Capcom's giving them the money back.
But how many times, you know, is this happening that they're not getting their money back
or not even trying to get their money back?
Yeah, now a lot of these mobile games and Facebook games, when you buy the perks with
the real money, the way that it's set up in the application is it doesn't say this costs
you $5.
It says this costs you 20 fairy dust points.
So the kid's like, oh, okay.
And when they refill their bucket of whatever, that's when that real money comes in.
So the currency within the game is...
Oh, like Microsoft points.
Yeah, or even Knight of the Clicky, the Squaresoft, you know, the Square Enix party points or
whatever.
It's not, there's always a layer of...
Party points?
They haven't even, they didn't do Gil?
I don't think, it's not really, I think they're just Gweenix coins or something like that.
Yeah.
They actually talk about this is money for dollars because a kid might recognize that,
but there's that sort of, I don't know.
I think it's a very, some of it's very dishonest, kind of sleazy.
Some comments from our chat room at chat.orangelandtrady.com.
Tiger Claw says, on the iPhone or iPod touch, you can log off your account before giving
it to a kid to play.
There's a suggestion.
Defective Candy says, I see people who let their kid play with the iPhone in the store
to keep their kids occupied.
I've seen them watching videos and playing games.
Xlink says, parents are being stupid.
I have two kids and I know about what these games do.
And here's a clue.
If something is free, there's a catch.
So anyways, apparently though, like I was saying that this is a problem.
So Apple, according to a well-placed source rumor, I guess, Apple has sold Capcom in no
uncertain terms that its freemium children's game has been causing problems with an increasingly
significant number of parents who have complained that their children have been racking up large
amounts of in-app purchases without their knowledge.
In other words, our call center is getting escalated complaint calls because of your
game.
Fix it.
That's basically what that means.
Apple's taking all this slack for Capcom's game.
Basically from Apple and credit card companies because people are like, oh, hey, I didn't
authorize this charge.
Yeah, let's do a charge back and then Visa's on their ass or whatever.
So yeah.
Interesting.
I do think though, Apple kind of needs to own some of this as well.
They enabled this feature.
They made it so easy to do.
They need to kind of educate people and they're making money off of it.
And they approved Capcom's game.
So I think Apple needs to own up to this a little bit.
And I'm a loyal iPhone user and I think there's some great stuff, but I think Apple needs
to own some of that.
And it's not that difficult to, you know, patch this shit.
I mean, fuck, there's games that patch themselves, you know, once a week.
I mean, come on.
Just do it.
Just fix it.
All right.
Well, we'll see what develops with that.
Yeah, there should be a big disclaimer saying, parents, you need to fucking pay attention
to what's going on with your kids.
Seriously.
That still wouldn't stop it.
All right.
Anyhow, I got a quick story for you guys.
And this might also be filed under stupid parents because I really don't know who else
is buying this game.
But Loki, I remember I saw this on Twitter from Loki a couple days before I saw it on
all the big gaming blogs.
But yes, it is true.
They are reprinting the Super Mario All-Stars limited edition.
It's called a final shipment.
I'm surprised they didn't call it like an encore shipment or something like that.
But yeah, if you're trying to pay like 80 bucks for this game on eBay, you might want
to stop because on March 13th, 30 bucks will buy you this Super Nintendo game printed on
a Wii disc.
That's all it is.
No extra frills.
No nothing.
Well, there's a soundtrack thing in there too.
Oh, excuse me.
Excuse me.
Yeah, but I mean, come on.
That's basically included in the price.
And it's a limited sampler soundtrack.
It doesn't have like a full soundtrack.
It's just the Super Nintendo NSF files or whatever they're called.
No, no, no.
It's everything from the original Mario Bros all the way up through Galaxy and stuff.
Alright, fine.
But no, it's like one song from each game.
So who cares?
And that stuff's like all on the internet anyways.
No, but basically, here's the thing.
It's not in large quantities.
It's going to be just as limited as it was before.
They're just releasing a few more.
In fact, it was funny because they told us, you know, oh yeah, get some orders in.
Oh, by the way, you're getting exactly the same amount you got last time, which was jack
shit basically.
So yeah, I mean, it's still going to be limited.
But hey, you know, this way you might want to get a copy if you really want one.
But honestly, just tell yourself it's $30 for a goddamn game that they did nothing to
port it over to the Wii.
That's all it is.
If you want that soundtrack and you want that book, great, I guess.
But I mean, there's better soundtracks out there.
I mean, especially if you're looking for music from like Galaxy and stuff.
There's just like a multi-disc set that they have for Galaxy's music, and there's a lot
of really good stuff out there for it, but it's not this disc.
I'm also just saying, like, you could probably go to a flea market and find a Super Nintendo
and Mario All-Stars for less than $30.
And on top of all that-
And if they want more for it, talk them down.
And the fact that this game is going for that much money online, and the fact that they're
like, oh, well, we're doing you guys a favor and putting out a second printing of it.
You know what that means?
More of this shit is gonna happen coming soon.
I mean, you bet your ass that they're gonna fucking reprint that goddamn- Remember the
Legend of Zelda bonus cysts that they had for pre-ordering Wind Waker and shit?
How much you want?
But they port that shit over to the fucking Wii.
They're probably pissed they didn't think of this sooner before they put out like Mario
64 on Virtual Console and some of these other games.
But they could always do more GameCube games.
Don't worry, they can do it for the 3DS, or Mario Kart or whatever.
They could easily do it for another system.
And Nintendo likes re-releasing games without adding really any features to them, and people
are dumb enough to purchase them.
But let's also be real.
What else is coming out on the Wii?
There's that awesome-looking role-playing game in Japan that's not coming out here.
We've been doing-
There's nothing really from Nintendo other than Mario Sports makes.
They haven't announced a new title- Well, Pokemon, but that's not in the Wii.
This has to mean a new Wii in the works, right?
No.
What, they're just gonna stop doing Wii stuff?
No, it's not that they're stopping doing Wii stuff.
They just haven't announced anything yet.
They haven't announced which games are coming out.
They still have stuff in the pipeline.
They have the new Zelda game that's in the pipeline.
Oh yeah.
That's fourth quarter, I can tell you right now.
They have, you know, stuff coming, and then there may be unannounced stuff, and they may
try to pull the new play control crap again, but those are dumb.
I don't know.
They don't really have a lot.
They may just drag their feet until E3 and they announce a bunch of stuff, so who knows?
We'll see.
In the meantime, more news, Dark Sakura?
Yes.
I have news.
All right.
There is a clinical study about depression that was underwritten by PopCap, and this
is gonna seem like a big no-duh when I tell you what it is, that casual games can relieve
symptoms of mild depression and anxiety.
How convenient that that study was underwritten by PopCap.
But it was actually performed by East Carolina University's psychophysiology lab and bio-feedback
clinic, so it at least has a reputable study that was done about it.
They had 60 test subjects that met the criteria for clinical depression, and they played Bejeweled
2, Bookworm Adventures, and Peggle, and they all experienced a significant reduction in
anxiety and better mood.
Does this explain why sometimes, and I don't know how many of y'all do this, but like when
I am just like really bored and I'm sitting at home, but I'm just not feeling, you know,
it's raining out, and I'm just feeling kind of blah, I'll sit there on Facebook and play
that fucking Bejeweled Blitz for like an hour.
Like does that tie into this?
I will admit something.
You know that towards the end of my job period, I was very unhappy.
Right.
Very unhappy.
Right.
I would go to the bathroom and play Peggle.
I would like play two levels of Peggle and then go back to my desk, and I would always
feel better.
Just by letting off five minutes of steam playing a game.
Or I would, you know, I'd also go out and take a walk too during my breaks, but it was
just like that one little bit of distraction was like a little mental breath of fresh air,
and I found I could get back to work and do fine.
But does it necessarily also have to be a casual game?
Like it seems to me like Loki likes to blow off stress by blowing people up in Grand Theft
Auto IV.
He's been doing it for years.
That's not for blowing off stress.
I'm not, well I'm not saying Loki- That makes my coworkers more stressful actually.
I'm not saying like Loki's depressed or anything, but wouldn't you say that that's kind of your
way to relax?
It's your way to kind of unwind at work.
Right?
A little bit?
It doesn't really matter.
I mean, you can pretty much put any game in there.
People like games.
I mean there's lots of things.
But I couldn't sit and do that with like Final Fantasy II for example, which I was still
playing on my phone.
Or I couldn't do that with Street Fighter.
I can't play a couple of rounds because I just want to finish the game, you know?
But with a little game that you can sit and play a couple levels of and then come back
to later, it's easier.
You don't have a commitment to the game, if that makes sense.
That's yeah, and I think that's why I'm kind of drawn to the Facebook games in that regard.
And clearly I'm not alone.
Do you have a comment?
No.
Oh sorry, I was looking.
S2100 Matt in our chatroom says, I can attest to this.
Ever since I was a little kid, video games always chilled me out if I was feeling shitty.
Rickster in our chatroom says, maybe it's a bogus story to sell Bejeweled 3's new relax
play modes.
Interesting.
That is true.
Bejeweled 3 has a relax mode in it.
Maybe this is all some big marketing-ish ploy.
I mean, despite the fact I guess they do have a reputable school behind it, but interesting.
But I think that I would like to see the study repeated with other games to see if it's really
just casual games or if other games are involved in it.
But I do see where, just in my own experience, we're going and blowing off a little bit of
steam on a couple levels of a game, or you know, playing a couple levels of solitaire.
Or like, you know, my friend, she would do Sudoku puzzles to chill out.
That stresses the hell out of me.
Yeah, Sudoku puzzles make me more stressed out.
She's an accounting major now.
You gotta have something special to like those puzzles.
She loves numbers.
New study shows that people with anxiety disorder do not like playing Silent Hill.
Actually playing Silent Hill totally helped me with some of my anxiety issues.
Because they don't frighten me.
The games don't frighten me.
People frighten me.
Maybe Silent Hill sometimes can scare the hell out of me.
I don't find them frightening at all because I like the psychological aspect of them.
People freak me out more than the game does.
And fake blood freaks me out.
Tigerclaw in our chatroom says video games do help you relax until you start kicking
and screaming when you can't beat a certain level.
They really should repeat this study with Super Meat Boy and see what happens.
You know what stresses me the hell out?
That'd be awesome.
I'm not fighting games with Dan because he's a dick.
I love you.
He's a jerk when he wins.
He's a sore winner.
Yeah.
All right, well, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and see what
games you can buy this week to blow off a little bit of steam.
We'll start in the US with Loki.
There's actually a pretty good selection of games coming out of this week, which is pretty
cool.
You know, starting things off, of course, the game I was telling you is playing.
Well, I haven't really been playing much during the show because I'm doing the show.
But Bulletstorm, they'll be coming out this week in the Epic Edition, which is on Xbox
360.
That includes an early access to the Gears of War 3 beta.
It's actually on the disc, which is kind of funny.
And then also the limited edition, which is on PS3 and PC, so you can check those out.
Bulletstorm is not your thing and you have a PS3, maybe Killzone 3 is more your game.
That's coming out on PlayStation 3 this week.
Let's see here, Ys I and II Chronicles with the soundtrack.
That'll be coming out on the PSP this week.
Re-release looks like they're dropping the price of Disgaea 3, Absence of Justice and
Disgaea Afternoon Darkness.
Actually, I do think I remember seeing Atlus saying that they're marking some of that stuff
down.
Those are coming out this week as well.
The Dreamcast Collection on Xbox 360 with Sega Bass Fishing, Sonic Adventure, Space
Channel 5 Part 2, and Crazy Taxi, all for $30.
Knight's Contract, a kind of action game from Namco Bandai that's on Xbox 360 and PlayStation
3.
Track Mania, Built to Race.
Track Mania is an awesome game on PC, so you should definitely check it out if you have
a Wii.
That'll be coming out on Wii, I believe also on DS as well.
Such a great racing game.
And then, a crappy game called Rec Room, it's coming out on DS, it's a portable Wii game.
Party stuff.
Fun.
DeBlob 2 coming out on DS, Xbox 360, Wii, PlayStation 3, no PC on that I guess.
I remember the original DeBlob, it was kind of one of those sleeper hits.
Yeah, not really a lot of people interested in the new one.
But if, you know, you have a PlayStation 3.
Because people don't remember the first one so well, it was kind of one of those under
the radar.
Yeah, the PlayStation 3 don't move, you can play it with that, so that's kind of neat.
Radiant Historia, that's coming out on DS this week.
That's pretty cool.
I don't know if this is a new expansion or what, but EverQuest 2, Destiny of Vilious,
that's coming out on PC this week.
Yeah, probably is another expansion.
EverQuest loves their expansions.
I'm surprised, that's just, that's kind of interesting that they're doing that.
And then, what else, oh, some no name game.
Chronicles of Mystery, Secret Tree of Life, if you like those hidden picture type games,
that's coming out on DS this week.
Um, that's basically it.
Alright, let me move over to Japan and talk about some of the releases over there.
This week on the Xbox 360, Bulletstorm gets a release in Japan, as well as a game called
Moochi Moochi Pork and Pink Sweets.
Yes, that's really what it's called.
It's from Cave, so, uh, you know what kind of game that is, it's like a cave shooter
type game.
I think this is like a two-in-one type of thing, so I think that's kind of a cute title
though.
So, you know, if you like your bullet hell games, there you go, some pink sweets for
you.
Also, speaking of like cutesy games, The Idolmaster 2 gets its release this week on the Xbox 360,
and I don't know if you remember the first one, but that was a big game, um, over in
Japan.
It never came out here.
It was a very, uh, Japanese kind of game, that I guess some of you folks might just
have to import.
I don't know.
Otherwise, we'll move on to some of the other consoles, uh, moving on to the PlayStation
3, uh, coming out on the PlayStation 3 this week.
Also, uh, Bulletstorm Killzone 3 gets a release in Japan this week, and, uh, I don't know
how to pronounce this game, Lave Once Mermaid's Tears comes out, and Makai Senke Disgaea 4
comes out this week in Japan, speaking of games people are probably going to import.
That might also explain, um, some of the re-releases that Loki already went over, uh, Rune Factory
Oceans comes out in Japan as well on the PlayStation 3, uh, moving on to the Nintendo Wii real
quick to see if there's anything coming out in Japan, uh, yeah, they get Rune Factory
Oceans there as well, and then SD Gundam G Generation World, cause you just...
Like we really need another Super Deformed Gundam.
You know you love your Gundam games, don't lie.
Uh, also, it should be said that this is the week that the 3DS is out in Japan, it comes
out on February 26th.
I seriously thought about, you know, the impulse buyer in me seriously thought about importing
that, and I was like, no.
So uh, yeah, this is the big week guys, Winning Eleven 3D Soccer comes out on the 3DS, Puzzle
Bobble 3D, Super Street Fighter 4 3D Edition, Ridge Racer 3D, Sengoku Musou Chronicle, uh,
let's see, Nintendogs plus Cats in French Bulldog, Shiba, and Toy Poodle editions, um,
Layton Kojo Toukisuke no Kamen, that's obviously Professor Layton, and uh, Combat of Giants
Dinosaur 3D.
All of those are games that are coming out on the 3DS this week, so that's Saturday,
that's the 26th.
So what games are you gonna get on the 3DS when it comes out?
I'm probably gonna, I hate to say it, Nintendogs and Cats.
Then maybe the Street Fighter game.
You make bad decisions.
What?
Okay, Mr. Salacious Pop.
You know what, and I agree with you that it's a terrible decision that I too will probably
have to make, because I'll be honest with you, there's a lot of games that are coming
out on the 3DS, and not a lot of them interest me.
And the ones that did interest me, like Dead or Alive, well actually Dead or Alive didn't
really interest me that much, but you know, Street Fighter and whatever, um, but Dead
or Alive, not coming out at launch, coming out in May.
Dual Pen Sports, the Namco sports game that looked kinda cool, coming out in May.
It's not coming out right away, but uh.
So why do we all feel the need to buy one at launch?
I don't.
I'm just gonna wait until May.
I think it looks cool.
I actually wanna, I don't know.
I do this kind of stuff, I can't control it.
I'm with you, I just feel like I have to have one.
See, some of us in this room are unemployed, and we like to save our money for things like
living expenses.
I, you know what, if I was in that situation I would probably do the same thing.
Even though we've paid off like all our bills.
I would sell stuff in the house, that's what, and it's not even any rational reason, I mean
it's just like ridiculous stuff.
Maybe the pilot wings game.
Dan's talking that he wants the Playstation phone.
Yeah the pilot games, the pilot wings game looks pretty awesome.
If it were coming out at launch.
Oh it's not at launch?
Well they haven't announced their launch titles, Nintendo's just like, we'll just keep it guessing.
Which means they're like, oh we got nothing.
Xlink in our chatroom says, Rob can I have your 3DS after a few days when you quit playing
it?
You can't see this but I'm flipping you off right now.
I want you to buy Marvel vs Capcom 3 so you can play it for a week and leave it at my
place.
You guys are assholes.
What should I be buying on the 3DS for you then?
Kid Icarus because you don't play portable games at all.
It's not coming out at launch.
Well that's, yeah, I can wait though, obviously you can.
Launch window games is, they're like, I love Nintendo, that's great.
Launch window games, it's this, from launch to 3 months after launch, that's not a window.
Launch window is that week, that is the launch window.
You don't launch for 3 months, that's not a launch.
3 months is a quarter, that's the difference between Q2 and Q3.
But anyways, if we're gonna say launch window, which games actually look pretty cool, Dream
Trigger, it's a shooter music game, which is kinda cool.
I hate even wanting to say this but the new Spongebob Squigglepants, the one that's like,
hey no no no, it's like WarioWare.
It's a WarioWare type game.
I got not to get, what was I gonna, not the Spongebob but the other one.
I was gonna ask about, oh, music shooter games, do we have a definitive date for Child of
Eden yet?
I wanna say we have.
It's like in June right now.
Okay.
I don't think it's got a date on it.
How about UK release dates?
Yeah we'll get there but I never did the PSP ones cause everybody was bitching at me about
putting in 3DS.
Sorry.
So quickly, the PSP dates in Japan, Phantasy Star Portable 2 Infinity on February 24th
and SD Gundam G Generation World also on February 24th.
Alright, now ma'am we may go to the UK.
On the 22nd we have Cities in Motion for PC, the 23rd we have Alien Breed 3 Descent, Bejeweled
Blitz Live, on the 24th Speedball Evolution for iPhone, Bulletstorm, we have DeBlob 2,
we have Dreamcast Collection for PC and Xbox 360, Gray Matter, Killzone 3, Kirby's Epic
Yarn for Wii, Knight's Contract, Men of War Assault Squad for PC, Tactics Ogre Let Us
Cling together for PSP, and Two Worlds 2 on Xbox 360 PC and Playstation 3.
I'm efficient.
Maybe you should just start doing all the release dates.
Alright.
Just a few more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week and we'll see
how efficient she is on that.
Alright, Loki.
This is kinda odd but I guess Sony really wants to get into that market that Apple's
in so what's everybody doing now that the iPad's successful?
They're releasing tablets because that worked out well back in the 90s when tablet PCs were
first coming around.
Hell, my uncle used to sell them and he's out of the job now so that tells you something.
Anyways, yeah, they've come a long way but yes, apparently the Xperia Play is not the
only device from Sony that's gonna be allowing you to play PSP or I should say, yeah, PSP
Playstation Network apps or Playstation 1 classic games but no, they do have the S1 tablet.
It's a Playstation Suite certified tablet which means it's gonna be running the Android
operating system and they haven't really said what it's gonna look like although there was
a rumored design.
It was some sort of tablet that actually folds, it has like a screen that actually bends which
is kinda funky but cool I guess and that'll be coming out, I don't know, at some point.
But I guess at CES, you know, Kazurai said that Sony will launch a line of Sony tablets
building upon a video music game and book offerings on their Curiosity and Playstation
Network services, developing or delivering a compelling, unique experience to Sony across
the...
I'm sorry, that put me to sleep.
So yeah, they're putting out a tablet that's gonna compete with all the other tablets out
in the market and it plays Playstation 1 games.
No one, I wouldn't really be that excited about it because it's gonna be a fucking bitch
to play a Playstation 1 game on a goddamn tablet.
It's just like it would be a bitch to play it on a phone without any sort of...
Signs.
Agreed.
But, and here's the other thing too, why even bother spending the money to buy their stupid
tablet when they've already said, hey, you know what, we may just extend this Playstation
suite to, you know, the Apple iPad or something like that.
And a lot more people I'm sure have the Apple iPad or iPhone or whatever and they can play
their games on there but I for one, if this ever were to come out on the iPad or iPhone
or iPod or whatever, I wouldn't even play these games because one, it would take up
a lot of my storage space, which is a very precious commodity, and two, it would play
like shit because touch controls.
Here's what I want to know about the Sony tablet is how many pixels will already be
dead when I start using it for the first time, right?
That's the real question.
I don't know, it's just, I mean seriously, if you're looking to get a tablet, just wait.
I mean, because there's so many competing tablets out there now, or there will be, these
things have got to be dropping in price soon and it's just the longer you wait, the better
technology you're going to get in your tablet, the more you're going to get for your money.
So just wait it out, I mean seriously, there's no need to rush in to play Playstation 1 games.
If you really need to play Playstation 1 games, you can get a Playstation 1, a Playstation
2, a Playstation 3, a PSP, or you can emulate them on your computer, you can just wait.
I mean, there are plenty ways to do it.
Well here's something you shouldn't wait for.
If you have an opportunity to buy DC Universe and you're interested in the game, you should
buy it new.
Don't wait to buy the game used because it will be worthless.
Just like other MMOs, and this was probably pretty obvious to the PC audience, the game
comes with a unique serial key that you have to put in and use the game.
This is nothing new if you play WoW or anything like that.
But keep in mind, this is also on the PS3.
So if you see this game used anywhere, you don't want to buy this on the Playstation
3 used.
By the way, just I want to say real quick, Sony Online Entertainment has said, official
quote on this, that's why this is news this week because they did make a comment on it,
quote, once the PSN key has been consumed with a disk, it cannot be resold or replayed
with the second user adding a sub.
Only the original consumer can use that account.
They say the retail disk and the PSN code, they are one and the same.
Once you use it, it is gone.
A second hand user cannot obtain a new code.
And the only reason this is happening, and just because it's an MMO and because it has
a 30 day free trial, otherwise people would just be able to pop it in the different systems
or just loan it to friends and have 30 day trials for everybody.
Which honestly is not a bad idea, it's a good way to get people hooked on your game, but
no, this does not mean that they're going to have all of a sudden codes for every single
game out there.
I think when they do that, people will be pissed.
This is alright.
This is expected with an MMO.
With an MMO, it's really all about your maintaining your subscription.
So once you have that serial ID or that license attached to your recurring, they don't really
care where you, like with WoW, since I already have my $39.99 whatever for Cataclysm, if
my computer dies, I can just download from the game client.
I don't have to go out and buy another disk, because that serial number is attached to
my subscription.
Yeah, like I bought mine at Fry's because they were cheaper than mine than Blue Blizzard,
but they still worked.
But would you be able to do that with DC Universe online if you lost your Blu-ray disk?
Probably not.
But you've already paid for it though.
If you lost your disk, it doesn't matter.
It's not linked to the disk, it's linked to the game.
The game has a code on the back of the box.
Yeah, but how would I play DC Universe online without the damn disk?
Exactly.
Well, you would have to get a replacement disk if you lost your disk.
And you shouldn't be such a, you know, a klutz if you're, you know, oh, where'd my disk go?
I don't know.
I'm just saying.
I'm just saying, it's not tied to a disk.
The disks are all pressed in mass quantities.
It's not actual, each individual disk is tied to a code.
It's just the disk packaging has a code printed on it, and that's what's tied to your system.
So you know, in theory, say, your friend has the game also, and he lost his disk, and you're
a kind soul and wanted to loan him your disk.
That is absolutely fine.
It will work just fine.
It's just that he can't go and say, oh, my friend that doesn't have this game wants to
play it.
There's no extra code.
Although, if they were smart, what they would do is they would have it, oh, okay, I don't
have a code for this game, but I have the disk.
I want to play, you know, online.
Okay, well, you can pay a small fee, and we'll give you a code, and then you can play the
game.
Well, actually, they wouldn't want that because they're afraid of piracy.
But yeah, it's, they should still try to make money off of it.
Dartatsuya in our chatroom says, I can't believe they wouldn't let you retire the code if you
canceled your subscription.
You know what sucks is when I had Final Fantasy XI on the PC, I bought it again on the 360,
and I still have a code floating around somewhere out there I never used to actually get in
the game and get 30 days free.
Well, and here's the other thing, too, about, you know, the DC Universe thing.
Let's just say it's not as prone with, as the 360, but let's say your system dies.
Crap.
Because it's tied to your system.
I guess you have to call their customer service.
Alright.
Well, anyhow, I got one more, uh, no, wait, I lied, that's it, that was my last story.
So now is the part of the show where we get into the classic game of the week.
Let's stop, let's stop talking about all these newfangled MMOs and playing things online
for 30 days for free in serial numbers.
Let's go back to a day when we had a single-player game in front of us on the TV and we liked
it.
Well, this wasn't on the TV in America.
A single-player game in the arcade and we liked it.
And it was a two-player game.
A two-player game in the arcade.
What's the fucking classic game of the week?
Psycho Soldier!
I brought it up last week, so I figured I may as well talk about it, because it's a
notable game.
Even if it's not a great game, it's a notable game.
Yeah.
And this is why the game is notable.
It is the first arcade game that has a vocal soundtrack.
If you want to turn it up a little bit, this is the English one.
This reminds me of Lunar on Sega CD.
Yeah.
Actually, I think the Japanese singer is a little bit better.
The other link that I put was the Japanese soundtrack.
I'll have to call that up real quick.
But, um, huh?
It's not very good.
Not great.
Not great.
Um, however, this game, again, like I said, is notable for being the first video game
that had an in-game vocal soundtrack.
And it's a sequel to SMK's Athena.
And this is actually the game that the King of Fighters character, Athena Asumiya, comes
from, as well as C. Kento.
As that NES game way back in the game, right?
Yes.
Wow.
This game, as far as home versions, came out on the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64, and Amstrad
in 1987.
Let me go over to the Japanese soundtrack that you had pressed S for.
Oh, and there's her shining crystal bit, the little orbs that surround her.
Yep.
I see that.
Let's play a little bit of that.
I'm jamming.
A little less screeching in.
Yeah.
But at any rate, this game, basically in the first, in Athena, you play as Athena, who's
bored with hanging out with gods and goes off and runs and all to her adventures.
This is her descendant.
So basically, she's, well, running around with psychic abilities, and you have, it's
a side-scroller, but you have different platform levels that you have to jump to, because you
could just run into a wall or into a trap or something that would just completely kill
you.
So her buddy, C. Kento, is player two.
And it's funny, the outfits that they used in this game, which was her winter sailor
uniform, and he had some green outfit, they actually showed up in King of Fighters 12
as their default outfits, I believe.
Or either that or her sailor uniform was her alternate outfit, but they're in the game,
anyway.
And of course, Team China and then multiple teams that you could build had remixes of
this theme.
Like, I think I put one in as well.
But it's actually kind of a fun little time waster.
Like I said, it's a side-scroller, you've got different levels, you have rocks and destructible
objects, you can blow them up, and you've got different enemies, and you basically go
horizontally across the screen and get past all of these objects, and you can use your
psycho energy to get different attacks, either by using a shield of rotating spears, which
was one of her moves in King of Fighters.
And just real quick, the remix is now playing in the background.
And basically, they've got the same ability, there's no real major difference, except the
special items happen to be different.
Athena gets a phoenix, and Kensou gets a dragon, as they're psycho creatures.
But they both have pretty much the same attack, it clears out the enemies in front of them,
or rams them into an enemy.
The Japanese soundtrack for this was actually done by pop idol Kaori Shimizu, and I don't
know who did the English one because she doesn't sing very well.
And the song came out on a cassette that was only available for people who purchased the
Famicom version of Athena.
So it also not only has just the song on there, it had a special vocal version of the ending
theme.
And the theme song has, like I said, been used in King of Fighters.
It was the Psycho Soldier team in 94, and King of Fighters 96, and it was Athena's theme
in King of Fighters 97, and King of Fighters 2002.
As far as the versions that came out, the ZX Spectrum version was in 87 by Imagine Software.
And it kind of got some decent success, it got an 8 out of 10 for one rating, and a 6
out of 10 for 77, and 75% for other places, but said it was really slow.
Well Athena and Kenso have both been in the King of Fighters series, they've also of course
been in SNK vs. Capcom.
They were, in King of Fighters 12 Athena was wearing her sailor outfit, and Kenso was in
his original outfit as a striker for King of Fighters 2000, as Psycho Soldier Kenso.
Also the Psycho Armor and Psycho Shield were both in the game Crystalis on the NES.
And that's pretty much it, it's a fun little waste of time, I've got a main ROM of it.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Psycho Soldier.
You see why it's notable.
I do.
First in-game vocal soundtrack.
I do.
Very cool.
Alright well we are going to take a quick break here live, but don't go anywhere because
we're going to be back with part B of the show tonight, including the Twitter topics,
be sure to get those in if you haven't already at twitter.com slash o-l-r, and we're going
to get into some rapid news, including some surprising game cancellations, some surprise
download content that showed up among some other things, and of course we have some more
news development in a lawsuit against Activision, and we'll talk about that.
It'll make a lot of you Activision, anti-Activision people very happy to hear that this is proceeding.
Of course the mailbag, the FUs of the week, it is all coming up when we come back with
more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this February the 20th of 2011 with the 402nd episode of our show.
If you want to tune in live to us sometimes, visit us at www.orangeloungeradio.com and
follow the link on over to allgames.com where we tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock
Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
We're going to get back into some gaming news here real quick, some quick, quick topics,
but first, before I do the plugs for the other shows, Loki is over there giggling playing
this game, Bulletstorm.
What's so funny about it?
You like this?
Just a lot of like, I like the writing in it, I guess, in the very beginning of the
game, like the tutorial section of the game, they have you, you know, interrogating this
guy or like, you know, he's trying to collect a bounty on you guys and so they kick him
in the face and lock him into an airlock and then get him, see he gets sucked out and then
there's stuff going on.
They're like, okay, let's raid the ship now and then they're trying to open this door
which pops up with the three red lights, like the 360, which is pretty funny, and then they
turn around and then they see the corpse of the guy near the window with the sticky mine
on the window and he's all, it's all, god damn it, and then the thing just explodes.
I don't know, it's pretty funny.
All right, well, let's get into some plugs for the side shows that we do.
Dark Soccer, you want to plug your sideshow real quick for folks that like this show?
Comic Insanity on Tuesdays.
We actually, we publish on Tuesdays.
We are at Infamous.net, N-F-A-M-O-U-S.net.
You can find us on Twitter at Comic Insanity, N-S-A-N-I-T-Y.
We are awesome.
Listen to us.
It's me, Maren, Marvel, and Dan Shadow.
And if you like World of Warcraft, I suggest you listen to The Best Little Hoard House
in Azeroth.
It's my little side project about the World of Warcraft that I do with Extifer where we
talk about all things WoW but not too seriously.
And it's available on iTunes, and there will be a real website coming soon.
Meanwhile, let's get back into the video game news with some quick news stories.
And then your Twitter topics will be coming up, so this is your very last chance to get
those in at Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
Loki, why don't you do some rapid news?
EA has rejected Mirror's Edge 2.
That's sad.
So you'll see another Mirror's Edge for sure, it's just a matter of when that time is and
what we do with it.
We have a small team on it, and I'm excited about what we'll do.
I guess it just maybe didn't make enough money for them.
Right now DICE is working on Battlefield 3, so I'm sure that's got a lot of time being
utilized on that and resources.
I'm sure there'll be a Mirror's Edge 2 at some point, but maybe not.
And of course EA responded a little bit about it as well.
They're saying that Mirror's Edge is an important franchise built by DICE Studio in Stockholm.
Of course, DICE is currently working on Battlefield 3, nothing further to announce.
Maybe down the line.
It was a pretty fun game though, so hopefully there'll be a sequel.
One of the best Ridge Racer games is finally coming out in the PlayStation 1 classics.
My favorite, Ridge Racer Type 4.
Finally making its way out.
Of course, no JOGCON support, that's kind of sad.
You will be able to play the game though, very soon though, on the PSP and the PlayStation
3.
And I wonder if it's going to be released around the time that Ridge Racer 3D or Ridge
Racer Unbounds is coming out, so that's kind of neat.
No word exactly on when it's coming, but soon.
March, so probably around the time that the 3D versions come out, neat.
And then last but not least, Activision kind of lied a little bit saying that there wasn't
going to be any more download content for DJ Hero, however, DJ Hero 2 did get one last
little bit of DLC, and it's Pendulum, and it's awesome.
So the Pendulum Mix Pack, including Watercolor, Set Me on Fire, and Salt in the Wounds, that
is coming out for 640 Microsoft points or $7.99.
And of course the tracks can be purchased independently on the Wii for 300 Microsoft
points each.
I am a little disappointed that they didn't have a whole color or self versus self, my
two favorite songs on there.
But hey, whatever, it's pretty cool.
So definitely check that out, since that's the last content you're getting.
So since last week the big to-do was how Guitar Hero was finally put to bed, is it safe to
say that DJ Hero is being...
Yes.
Okay.
Because I know it's not as big enough of a title to get that big of a press release,
I just sort of...
Okay, so...
Yeah, as of right now it is.
I mean, who knows, they could always change their mind.
Just because they say, oh, we're never going to do it again, doesn't mean anything.
All right, let's do a couple of other stories here.
One of these is very interesting, speaking of the whole Guitar Hero thing.
The former CEO of Red Octane, who you might remember kind of started the whole Guitar
Hero thing in the first place before they got bought by Activision.
Kelly Summer is his name, he was the CEO at one time of Red Octane, basically says that
Activision abused the property.
Quote, Activision tried to get too much out of the franchise too quickly.
They abused it.
There's no reason why Guitar Hero cannot continue.
It's a great product.
My gut tells me there is still a significant market for Guitar Hero.
Not every game can be a billion dollar franchise, but maybe that's what Activision wants.
I'd be surprised if they sold the brand as it proved to the world that there is still
a market for this product, and then show them up.
Look at how Take-Two has handled GTA.
They haven't thrown products out there, they've nurtured it for over 10 years, and it is still
a strong franchise.
Very strong words there on how Guitar Hero was treated.
I do like the comparison there to Grand Theft Auto is that, you know, there's nothing wrong
with just putting out one game every couple, or even three or four years.
If at least half of the content that they put out for Guitar Hero that was an actual
SKU, if they just put it all on the store as DLC, it'd still be around I think.
I think so too.
I mentioned this earlier in the show, oops, but hey, the third episode of The Silver Lining,
it is now out.
It's called My Only Love Sprung From My Only Hate, and that is available for you to download
on The Silver Lining's official website from Phoenix Online Studios.
The episode had been delayed a little bit, but you know what, it's free, and so if they
need to take more time to polish things up, then that's what they've got to do.
You can download the third episode by itself if you already have the first two episodes,
but if you want, you can also just get all three episodes in one big fat download.
You do have to register for the Phoenix Online Fan Club in order to download the episode.
I guess nothing is really for free, but hey, you know, I don't know about you guys, but
I have an email address that I sign up for everything with that's not my regular email.
We mentioned this quickly last week, but the Hansel and Gretelbot pack is now out for Little
Big Planet 2, so that is out there.
I guess there's this whole full story, cut scenes, voice acting, original score, prizes
to get, it's all available out there.
There is also a patch 1.01 that is on the way, oh I'm sorry, it actually came out last
Monday, oops, but they do have a variety of fixes, it sounds like mostly bug fixes, no
like huge changes, but there is a more, they say a more accessible reset pod option.
If your pod gets broken for whatever reason, you can pause the game, go to the settings
menu and select reset pod decoration, so that's kind of a new feature that is available.
DarkSakura.
Well, and this one is something that I'm sure that my spousal unit is very pleased with.
Gran Turismo 5 Mega Patch, ooh, it is going to version 1.06 with lots of fixes, it will
have, you can start to monitor your B-Spec races from a browser, even if you're not home
and use your AI tweaks and do different stuff, because Dan was really getting pissed off
at B-Spec, and there's multi-monitor set up now, you can actually go up to 5 monitors.
So Dan the other day was talking about needing 4 more PS3's and monitors and I said, no,
you spent $150 on your driving rig plus a little bit extra getting those seats from
the pick and pull, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, maybe.
That is some crazy minority report matrix craziness with the 5 monitors.
It already had 3 monitors, well there's actually a YouTube app of someone playing 5 monitor,
5 monitor, duh duh duh duh duh, it was pretty hot actually, but I'm like, no, don't need
it.
So, Billy Mitchell, he's such a jerk, he just needs to go back to selling his damn BBQ sauce.
But he has opened up an arcade called King of Kong Arcade, and it's at the Orlando International
Airport, and it looks very Donkey Kong-ish, but there's no Donkey Kong machine in there.
Maybe he just doesn't want anybody else beating his high score, because Steve Weeby was still
better.
And don't forget there's a third guy now, there's the dentist Hank Shen.
And you know what else is funny too, apparently that arcade's been there for a while, they
just keep rebranding it as something else.
Yeah.
Well, now we have Step Mania without a pad.
It's a Kinect hack, yay.
So Maximus basically put out a Kinect hack that lets you play Step Mania without the
pad.
So you can play where you are, I guess.
I'd have to see this in motion, there's a video of it.
You can arm flail if you want to play some Step Mania.
I guess.
Good times.
So yeah, that's it.
Is, I don't know, is this what people find fun on Kinect hacking, Step Mania?
Step Mania thing though, they really only had it working on like the easy beginner mode
or whatever, I don't know if it would work for like some more difficult modes where you're
not just put my, you know, put my leg out this way, put my leg out that way.
It's an interesting concept, they'd really have to do a lot more to make it work in practical
use, right?
Yeah.
Alright, let's get to the Twitter topics tonight.
Every week you guys tweet us, twitter.com slash o-l-r, and we read your tweets here
on the show, and respond to them as appropriate.
Let's see, where are we going to start off tonight, we're going to start off with Blue
Swim tonight tweets us, did you guys watch any of the Daytona 500 today?
Wasn't there a song about a race in Daytona?
I think you know where this is going.
Uh, no.
We actually did watch it today and I have a word for the race, Rob.
Lester Fogg.
It's just crash after crash.
Seriously, that's what it was, because they were doing this thing where they were tailgating
the person in front of them to lower their wind resistance.
Yeah, but it was great though because they literally, it was like one of those things
you totally jinxed the race, you know, they're all, now we've seen some pretty good driving
today, all of a sudden, crash.
Like right, wasn't it right around when they hit 37 laps left or something?
And then it was won by the 20 year old guy.
It was like, well with 50 laps down, there were like six cautions already.
I didn't even know it was on today.
Dan was watching it because it was the Daytona 500.
It was on TV when I was visiting my mom's house.
He likes that car stuff anyway, obviously he has a whole set up.
But the thing that got me was that it was won by a guy who turned 25 days ago.
And he must be a very driven young man.
Now, is the Daytona 500, is that Formula One?
That's the stock car.
Stock, okay.
It's NASCAR.
NASCAR, okay.
But I still think that's pretty impressive, but it's just because he was being smart and
everybody else is like, oh, follow this guy, huh?
So.
All right, moving on to some other tweets.
This is Chio 100.
Matt says there's a couple stories.
I guess this is some big news out of New York City.
The famed New York City arcade Chinatown Fair is closing down after losing its lease.
And sends us a link with more information as to what's going on.
Let's see.
Several places are reporting, this is a story from, what is this, Gothamist.
Several places are reporting the Chinatown Fair, the famed New York City arcade and one
of the last of its kind still in the city, is shutting its doors for good very soon.
Let's see, according to a Chinatown Fair regular, they lost its lease after decades of being
in business and will be closing on the 23rd.
Not sure if that's this month or next month.
So wow, that's crazy though, because we just had the big news about Arcade Infinity shutting
down over here.
So that's really sad that, you know, you have the west coast and the east coast, big arcades,
just bam, bam, shutting down.
I'd heard about that arcade before.
I think they were a big place for a lot of the Bomani folks out there to be playing some
of the games.
So, sad to hear it.
That's so weird that that happened in such close proximity to Arcade Infinity too.
Weird.
Just sad for arcades in general.
This is sadly just not the first story we've heard about arcades closing down.
I guess they didn't have enough ticket spinning machines.
Well, it's just they, you know, they're not a draw for that, you know, shopping center
or whatever.
So they want to put something else there that's going to draw people into the shopping center
so they go spend money at those stores or so people want to put stores in those shopping
centers.
All right.
Tiger Claw says this is a tweet.
Can a controller be programmed to speed run Super Mario Brothers?
Interesting.
Um, it is a link to a story here on Kotaku, which means I have to load this whole framey
website thingy.
They gotta know.
CA.Kotaku.com.
Oh, is that like the mobile site or something?
No, that's the Canadian site, which they don't care about updating.
So it's the old format.
All right.
Well, apparently what happened, it's a controller that you plug into an NES system and it will
auto run speed, sorry, it will auto speed run Super Mario Brothers in just under five
minutes.
Uh, they are saying that the mod is real, even though some people were calling it a
fake.
I mean, I get, is this something like, is the point behind this, like, so you could
plug this in and say, Hey guys, look what I can do.
And then you just like kind of mash the buttons unrealistically and it's actually doing the
speed run for you.
Like is, that's gotta be the purpose behind this, right?
I think that it's just because, Hey, let's see if we can do this as basically.
Or that.
Or that.
Uh, Gamer Girl sends us a tweet saying, just had to say, I've been a member of OLR since
2002.
Thanks for the awesome show guys.
Wow.
That's a very long time.
Thank you for listening that long.
Uh, we have a couple people tweeting us about this, so, uh, I should read this.
Both Defective Candy and Tiger Claw tweeted us this story and it's about Mexico State
Congress asks for a ban of a video game.
It's Call of Juarez, the cartel.
And uh, this is because, you know, there's a lot of violence unfortunately going on in
Mexico right now.
You've probably heard the stories in the news and so forth.
It's especially bad like right around the border.
Well, apparently, uh, federal authorities, uh, in Mexico want to ban the game Call of
Juarez, the cartel, because it is based on drug cartel shootouts in, uh, Ciudad Juarez.
Um, what do you guys think?
It's just a video game, wham, or yeah, this maybe hits a little too close to home.
I wouldn't even bother with it because Call of Juarez doesn't sell that well, so yeah,
it sucks it's coming out, but not a lot of people are going to take notice.
Yeah, I, uh, I kind of agree it's not that big of a game.
Yeah.
I don't know, but it has its fans, so it'll probably be some people.
You know, and also, and we hear from some, we have some listeners that live in Mexico
and you know, it's kind of, they have to rely a lot on getting the games from other countries
anyway because not a lot of video game companies kind of have a base in Mexico, so it is always
kind of a bummer when things are just held back even more, but that might be something
that does hit a little close to home.
One more tweet here from Dark Tetsuya, who tweets us saying, so it's a couple months
till WonderCon, but this year I should have something for all three days this time.
I forgot WonderCon is coming up, that's a pretty big to-do in the Bay Area, right?
April 1st through the 3rd?
Yes, sorry, I was yawning.
Oh, that's alright, it's second only to Comic-Con, right?
Yeah.
So there might be some game announcements there because that's probably not too long
after Game Developers Conference before E3, you never know, sometimes we see some game
announcements.
It has some panels and some celebrity appearances.
I'm used to it being like usually, you said it was in April?
April 1st through 3rd.
Because usually it's like, usually it's around this time, to be honest, February, Moscone
Center are nearby, so they must have bumped it out a little.
That's going to do it for Twitter this week.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R if you want to follow us and send us some tweets.
Let's move on with some more news.
Yes, so this is another entry in the long saga that is, you know, people jailbreaking
the PlayStation 3.
Sony has finally released an official statement on the PlayStation 3 jailbreak, of course,
multiple jailbreaks at this point.
Of course, the PlayStation blog post warns users, notice unauthorized circumvention devices
for the PlayStation 3 system have recently been released by hackers.
These devices permit the use of unauthorized or pirated software.
Use of such devices or software violates the terms of service of the system software license
agreement for the PlayStation 3 system and code of conduct provisions.
Contribution of the system software license agreement for the PlayStation 3 system invalidates
the consumer's guarantee for that system.
In addition, copying or playing pirated software is also a violation of international copyright
laws.
Consumers using circumvention devices running authorized or pirated software will have access
to the PlayStation Network and access to curiosity through services through PlayStation 3 or
system terminated permanently.
To avoid this, consumers must immediately cease use and remove all circumvention devices
and delete all unauthorized or pirated software from their PlayStation 3 systems.
Now on top of this, people that they have detected that are doing this, they have sent
emails to saying, hey, this is your one chance to stop, you know, stop using this modified
software, change your ways or else you can go the right path, the path of the righteousness.
You know, that's basically just saying obviously that they don't want people doing that.
Or they'll ban you.
Unfortunately, there is a PlayStation Network hack that has been put out there, a new hack
that claims to worm into the PlayStation Network and allow people to unban themselves.
The hack can also be used to ban another console.
All they need is access to that console's ID, which would have to be obtained from a
refurb warehouse or secondhand seller or some idiot that is willing to give up that information.
And it's kind of funny.
And then finally, Geo Hot or George Hotz, the guy that's getting sued right now by Sony,
has started a new blog and is asking for donations to go towards his legal fund.
And that what got him in trouble the first time was the PayPal link?
Yeah, but this is not for him.
It's going strictly to his, he got his lawyers okay for it.
So it must be all right.
It says donations here are for legal defense only.
I've checked my lawyers before setting this up.
If you have another substantial way to donate aside from money, let me know.
And basically he says Sony is, they're bullies, they don't care what you did was legal, they
don't like it, so they sue.
And I guess they try to sue a guy for getting his Ivo to run non-Sony approved tricks, making
it apparent that they don't really care about privacy if they care about control.
And they also says Sony versus Bleem and all that stuff like that, so he's talking about
that.
And he said they sued the wrong guy because he's a navigate against mass piracy, he does
not distribute any copyrighted work by his own, and he says he's not gonna take this
crap laying down, and he's even pro DRM in a sense.
Then he says, why should I care about personal, or your personal legal troubles?
You shouldn't.
And, you know, he says if I was taken to court for some sex crimes in Sweden, I would never
ask for donations.
I see what that's a dig at, yeah.
Let's see here.
Well let me ask this real quick while you're kind of skimming the rest of that there, you
know, I don't want to beat this issue to death, it's come up on almost every episode for the
past few weeks about this whole issue, but it does seem that this is moving faster in
a legal sense than these types of stories usually do, because I'm about to get into
another legal story about something that's been moving very slowly for almost a year
now.
Well you've got enough money, you can pay for this stuff to move fast, I guess.
You know, that's kind of the worry.
And he says, his thing in there, what if Sony tries to settle?
It says let's just say I want settlement terms to include other OS on all PS3s and an apology
on the Playstation blog for forever removing it.
It'd be good PR for Sony and lord knows they could use it.
And I want an eyebo.
Trust me, they're not all that cracked up to be.
Those batteries are fickle as shit.
See here.
It says don't need to help you, you're the reason I can't play Modern Warfare now.
No I'm not.
Kakaroto explains this really well, it says I have never played the PS3 online ever and
frankly I'm amazed by the apparent ease of which these cheats were created.
Security 101 is why, why is the security in the client anyways?
I had no idea this would happen, I am in full support of the cheaters being perm-banned
from the Playstation network.
So long story short, basically he needs money and obviously he feels that he did nothing
wrong and he very well may have done nothing wrong, it's just Sony owns your system according
to them and that's what he's trying to get changed, saying that you own the console that
you purchased.
And really the stuff that he did, he didn't enable piracy, he just enabled to run homebrew
code on there.
Other people created apps to create piracy.
It's nothing he did.
Granted, that's just like saying oh well, if he invented the gun, well he created murder.
I mean that doesn't really work that way.
Yeah he may have created something that could have led to something else but he wasn't that
person that initiated that something else, I guess.
Let me get to this comment from chat, I'm kind of over this story and I just like, let's
get to the resolution already because I'm sick of hearing about it every week, however,
I think this is a good comment from Dungeon Muster in the chat room, whatever happened
when hackers were underground types that let their work speak for themselves and left key
gen toons as their only signature?
Some of those toons were actually pretty good too.
There's still people out there that did that kind of stuff, a lot of people want fame and
I think once he hacked the iPod and IOS or whatever to jailbreak stuff and that whole
thing became kind of legal now, I think it's gone to his head a little bit.
Oh well, let's crack the uncrackable type of thing.
But I don't know, I don't know.
Alright, well let's move on to another story about legal troubles.
This one though, you might, I don't know, there might be people rooting for both sides
in this case, I don't know.
But this is about, remember this, No Doubt versus Guitar Hero, or should I say Band Hero
specifically, it's Activision Blizzard.
No Doubt, remember, took them to court some time ago.
Well according to a recent report in the LA Times, a panel of judges has agreed with a
lower court ruling which will reject Activision Blizzard's appeal to throw out the lawsuit
by No Doubt for using their likeness and so forth in Band Hero and you might remember
they had come out and said basically we turned into a virtual karaoke circus act because
Gwen Stefani and company was up there singing all these songs from Taylor Swift and stuff.
It's just like when Courtney Love sued them for having Kurt Cobain's avatars do flava
flave or whatever.
Which is really funny because almost in a nutshell, these lawsuits could also explain
why Guitar Hero went really wrong and it's not the lawsuits.
I'm not saying that.
I'm saying that this whole lack of care for the material.
I don't know if it's even lack of care for the material, but I think it's just that they
created characters and they just used these skins and maybe these people didn't read the
fine print or whatever.
They thought, they assumed that something was going to happen with their characters
only singing their own songs and stuff like that.
But at the same time, why Activision thought Guitar Hero needed all of these real artists
in their games.
I mean, Rock Band doesn't have real people in their games.
It's your own created characters.
Why do you even need these in there?
That's more my point actually was kind of what I was getting at.
And it's funny because I think I kind of talked about this differently the first time.
I think the first time we went over the story, I probably had said something like, you know,
well, they should have probably read the fine print, but now looking back on how Guitar
Hero has essentially failed at this point, you kind of go, well, maybe this really isn't
what the game should have been doing in the first place.
No Doubt and Courtney Love, I'm sure, are surrounded by lawyers all the time whenever
their image and their license is involved.
So the fact that both two separate artists, two completely separate cases are having the
same problem, that really kind of makes me think what shady stuff did Activision do when
they pitched this in the contract to both of those artists?
Like I don't know.
Maybe I'm just too inclined to think that Activision is evil.
Perhaps, perhaps.
Yeah.
Gosh, how many lawyers must Courtney Love have?
I mean, my gosh, she's got to have a lawyer to deal with everything.
She's got paternity ones.
She fights with her kid all the time.
She probably has a lawyer there, a lawyer for all her drug problems, you know, gosh.
Even she has a lawyer for the stuff she says when she's drunk.
The lawyer for her Twitter feed.
They should make a Pokemon style game out of lawyers for Courtney Love.
Gotta catch them all.
Real estate attorney, I choose you.
Protect my house.
Contracting lawyer, I choose you.
Fix my air conditioning.
I love it.
A Pokemon game based around lawyers.
I think we're onto something.
For now though, how about another news story?
Gotta sue them all.
Well, I like Sega.
I don't know anyone who doesn't like Sega or at least something Sega's done.
Me.
I hate them.
Bite my butt.
So there is going to be for the PCs Sega Genesis Classic Collection Gold Edition.
That's 46 of the Sega Genesis' games and it will be out on March 15th.
Sorry, for the list, we have volume one which has a bunch of stuff and two and three and
four.
No, seriously, I'll run through the list.
There's Golden Axe, Ultra Beast, Comic Zone, Echo the Dolphin, Gang Ground, Shinobi 3,
Return of the Ninja Master, Vector Man, Sonic the Hedgehog, Crackdown, and Space Harrier
2.
Volume two, Echo Junior, Fatal Labyrinth, Alex Kidd in the Enchanted Castle, Bonanza
Brothers, Super Thunder Blade, Eastwet City Under Siege, Kid Chameleon, Rice Star, Golden
Axe 2, Galaxy Force 2 columns, Sonic the Hedgehog 2.
Volume three, Biohazard Battle Columns 3, Revenge of Columns, Sword of Vermillion, Virtua
Fighter 2, Echo the Tides of Time, Alien Storm, Decap Attack, Flicky, Sonic 3, and Knuckles,
Sonic Spinball.
And volume four, Landstalker, Shining Force, Wonder Boy 3, Monster Lair, Dr. Robotnik's
Mean Bean Machine, AKA Puyo Puyo, Streets of Rage, Church of Rage 2, Alien Soldier,
Light Crusader, Sonic 3D, Blast Gunstar Heroes, whoo hoo, Shining Force 2, Shining in the
Darkness, Toejam and Earl, Toejam and Earl, and Panic on Funkatron.
Micro Machines.
Seriously.
Dang.
All right.
I like Micro Machines, they don't make enough games based on them.
John Machine is dead.
Here's the thing though.
That's because he talked too fast, he got all the words out that you could possibly
say in his lifetime.
As nice as that collection sounds, I don't know.
This Genesis nostalgia, I think they've started to milk it for all it's worth.
Aren't you starting to get to that point?
Like that Sonic Ultimate Mega Genesis collection or whatever, I don't think, you really don't
need much more than that.
As far as Genesis nostalgia goes.
It's not one of our stories that was for tonight, but the PlayStation Network, PlayStation Plus,
wherever, they were giving you Genesis games as your perk for March.
They're not really featured that widely, but on Steam you can find a bunch of Genesis ROMs
for one to three bucks a piece, and there's a lot of them up there now, and it's like,
this is, I mean, obviously one or two bucks, sure, you got some money to burn, pick up
a few, you know, Phantasy Star 2, but it's like, alright, how many of these are they
gonna put out?
This is gonna run up to, you know, real money if you get enough of them.
Well they've got full packs out, you can download different packs of the games, but it's like,
in my case it's like, I've got this, and I've got a Genesis, so if I really wanna play it,
I'll just hook it up and play it on TV with the controller.
Sometimes the games just do not translate well to another platform.
And honestly, I mean, technically it's piracy, but I mean, seriously, there's tons of free
ROMs out there, I mean, you can download an emulator and a bunch of ROMs in minutes, and
I just don't see the point in paying a buck or three dollars for a ROM.
I mean, they've clearly made their money back on these things, I mean, dozens and dozens
and dozens of times, and I just, I don't feel any remorse for, you know, downloading a ROM
that's, you know, twenty years old.
Alright, well, let's move on with another story, and we'll get to the mailbag pretty
soon here.
Well, you know, it may be out for the music genre as far as guitar and DJ games go, but
that does not mean that the music genre is dead.
Oh no, Dance Games are making their comeback, and Ubisoft is seeing the result of that.
They had one hell of a quarter this holiday season, racking in, I guess, 809 million dollars
in total software sales, up 21% from 2009, and 60% of that, of course, was in North America.
Of course, during the three month period of time, they sold 10.5 million copies of their
dance titles, Just Dance, Just Dance 2, Just Dance Kids, and Michael Jackson, The Experience,
or Just Dance, Michael Jackson, and Dance on Broadway, Just Dance on Broadway, all pretty
similar titles.
That's pretty interesting that they've made so much money from that, and I can't believe
how well the Just Dance series is actually doing on the Wii, it's just kind of crazy.
Of course, next month, Just Dance on, or, let's see, I caught myself saying that, Dance
on Broadway on the PS3 will be coming out with move support, or actually, move required
I guess, so, be interesting.
I'm sure you have that pre-ordered already, don't you?
No, no I do not.
There is some download content, though, coming out for Just Dance 2 on the Wii, and this
is gonna add, I guess, some new duet choreography, and for 300 Wii points, you can download Y.O.Y.
by Love Letter, Can't Hurry Love by The Supremes, and American Boy by Estelle and Kanye West.
So that's neat.
Didn't realize that the game actually had DLC.
Another game, not necessarily an Ubisoft Dance title, but Dance Central is getting some more
download content, not quite as frequent as Rock Band, but at least they're getting some.
The Double Freak DLC came out this week, and with that, of course, Super Freak by Rick
James, and Sheik's Le Freak, both out this week.
Also of course, Missy Elliott, we run this, and Amaury, Heardemall.
Those are each $3.
Alright.
Lots of stuff going on in the dance game world, apparently.
People like to shake their butts.
Isn't it funny that last week with the whole Guitar Hero stuff, it's like, music games
are dead, and it's like, oh wait, another dance game.
I will not be surprised one bit if we see some sort of dance hero game from Activision,
because you know, when there's a successful trend going on, they're going to be jumping
on that bandwagon.
Alright.
There's some stuff that was going on with Portal 2 this week.
There were rumors going around that Portal 2 was going to support the PlayStation Move,
but apparently Valve has come out and clarified that in a press statement saying that Portal
2 will not include support for Sony's motion controller.
It was apparently a case of mistranslation going from an official German PlayStation
blog or something, I don't know, back and forth.
But it should be noted that there was this cute little Valentine's video that came out
for Portal 2.
It's kind of funny, it's out there on YouTube if you check it out, Portal 2, Valentine's,
or something like that.
It's something as salacious as pop.
It's the Aperture Science Employee Guide on romantic relationships at the workplace.
That sounds like, it's fantastic, I have to see that.
It's really funny and it's worth a look.
And basically at the end of the day, they announced, Portal 2 is available for pre-order
now.
And I was kind of like, well duh.
I mean, like if you want to go into GameStop, they'll take your five bucks to pre-order
Portal 5.
I mean, you know, it seems a little weird that they'd announce that, but maybe through
the official Valve channels or what have you, it's available now.
I don't really know, so.
There you go.
Portal 2 coming out soon, and I know I'm excited about it, I can't wait for that to come out.
Meanwhile, let's go to the mailbag.
Alright, we're going to go to the mailbag, you guys send us emails, we answer them here
on the show.
Dark Soccer's going to dive into the emailbag and find some of her favorite emails to respond
to right now.
I was just taking care of some business.
No problem.
So first email, we actually got three.
We have one, it says, Greetings, OLR, this is my second email of the week.
Quick question.
I'm on Steam right now and see Black Ops, Crysis 2, and Bulletstorm for $60 each.
What is going on here?
Do you think these companies will actually make more money by raising the price of their
games?
I personally believe that there will be more piracy as well as more people like me willing
to wait a year for a good sale on Steam.
Your loyal turtle in Philly, serious turtle.
I'm sorry, I missed something about the...
With Crysis 2 and Black Ops and those games being $60, why are they raising their prices,
you know, when more people are going to hold out for sales?
Yeah, especially Civ V went on sale over the weekend after I spent money on that about
a month ago, but whatever, Civ V's a great game.
Huge sale on Steam this weekend.
I was going to say, how long have those games been out, because Bulletstorm is new, right?
Yeah, Bulletstorm's brand new, but I think PC games, I don't think a lot of them have
crossed the $60 barrier, if I'm not mistaken.
Most of them are cheaper than their console versions, although certain companies, EA,
Activision, have decided, hey, you know what, Call of Duty Black Ops, yeah, we think it
warrants a $60 price point.
Might I remind you, they did the same thing for Guitar Hero on the Wii and Rock Band on
the Wii.
They said, oh, it warrants $60, despite the fact that you're getting inferior graphics
and support on the download side, so, eh.
Yeah, I just figured that the bigger companies, the bigger publishers, are just going to have
their MSRP, $59.99, they don't care what platform, even on a digital service like Steam, where
it should cost a few bucks less because there's no materials involved, they'll just set their
price to whatever they want, keep it uniform.
Yeah, I can see where the emailer's probably getting a little bit frustrated, though, that
you buy these games and they just go on sale a couple weeks later, but, eh, what can you
do?
Alright.
Let's, let's go on to the next email.
Okay, the next email up is this one, hi, LLR, I don't have much to say this week, I'm moving
to a new flat and it's all a bit hectic, but I suppose I should make this at least a bit
game related, so what do you think about the news of King Quest's return?
Sky was saying just the other episode about how it would be nice to have some new games.
On a side note, can I plug my new blog?
It's Moggy's Musings, M-O-G-G-Y-S-M-U-S-I-N-G-S dot blogspot dot com.
So you're around, Catastrophic Moggy.
I think there was a really good tweet from that, or it's a really similar name that I
liked, I had retweeted it on LLR.
Since I kinda already got into it in the show, I don't think I have a whole lot else to add,
I think it's gonna be a nice pairing, I'm looking forward to seeing what comes of it.
Yeah, I wanna see screenshots of it, but I'm fine with them having a license.
I want it to be more illustrated in appearance rather than cel shaded, but other than that,
thumbs up.
You know, and it's difficult because I don't think anything will ever be as good as the
original, but you kinda go, if anything's gonna be good, it'll be this, from the professional
angle.
I understand there's still the fan game, and of course the game is gonna be in good hands
with fans, but, you know.
That's different.
So.
How about the next email?
Yes, this is our last email of the night.
Alrighty.
I would like to point you guys to Reality is Broken.
It's a relatively new book about the psychology of gaming.
One chapter Rob and Jamie will be especially interested in is chapter 7, where the author
goes into detail as to why World of Warcraft is so popular.
Listen on the podcast every week, congrats on 400 eps, take care, Wendy.
Thank you, Wendy.
Hmm, are we sure they're not related to the author of the book?
Maybe a cheap plug?
I don't know.
I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
Yeah.
Well, I would definitely check out the book.
I'm definitely interested in anything that's some sort of psychological discourse, so.
As long as they're not mindlessly bashing on it, I'm curious, sure.
I think there's definitely a whole little psychological angle to what goes on in World
of Warcraft, so I'd be curious to check it out.
All right, that's it for the mailbag, mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com if you want to send
in your questions.
Meantime, we're going to get to the FUs of the week.
My first FU of the evening goes to this damn headache that I have had since, like, noon.
So fuck you to my headache, that's really it.
Loki?
FU to McDonald's having crappy fries later in the evening.
My FU of the week goes to being so sore, pain, hurts, ow.
My legs just, it hurts to walk from all the running I did yesterday.
Just remember to stretch out if you're ever going to do some sudden running or sprinting
or whatever.
Careful.
Slice just popped.
Do you have any FUs?
Any Yanks?
Uh, FU to having to deal with the California unemployment benefits department.
All right.
That does it for the FUs of the week.
Let's move on, just a couple more stories for you guys and then we're going to get to
the phone lines and I'll tell you more about that in just a moment.
Loki?
Uh, yes.
This is kind of interesting, I guess.
They were showing off a video at the Mobile World Congress.
It was during Steve Ballmer's keynote, they were talking about Windows Phone 7 devices
and being able to integrate them with, I guess, some sort of Xbox 360 type control and stuff.
For example, they showed a Kinect demo where someone was playing the, I believe it was
called Rally Ball, that's one of the Kinect Sport or Kinect Adventure games where you're
bouncing balls off of your body and stuff like that.
Kind of like what they showed at E3 where you're just trying to hit targets.
Well, there's people with Windows Phone 7 devices that were able to see the same screen
that that person saw on the TV and they were tapping the screen to create different balls
to aim at the player.
So you can kind of play against people or play with people that are playing the Kinect
and Xbox 360.
It's an interesting idea.
I mean, if they can implement it, well.
Interesting.
I guess that's all I can really say about that.
Very interesting to see if that all ends up actually being able to work together or what
have you.
It would be neat, like, you know, they could do something even simple, like, you know,
being able to level up your characters or something like that when you're not playing
the game.
You know, toss stuff back and forth data.
It always kind of reminds me for some reason of the PocketStation days.
I don't know what it is, but kind of that whole, like, you have it on your TV and then
you have it in your pocket and whatever else.
I don't know.
I wonder where my PocketStation went.
Did you actually own one of those?
Yeah, I had one.
Remember, I used to take it to the arcades for DDR because I could make custom non-stop
courses on the fly.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
I forgot the PocketStation.
Because it was cheaper to play a non-stop course because I got, like, four songs versus
three songs if I paid, you know, for the fourth mix stuff.
So I'd just pop in my custom non-stop courses for whatever I wanted to play and away you
go.
And plus my edits were on there.
So that's fun.
All right.
Well, one more story for you guys before we get to the Skype line tonight.
And that is about a new announcement for a new coin-op game.
This actually makes me very happy.
I probably won't play a lot of the game, but I know I'm going to get that soundtrack right
away.
This is NAMCO NAMGAN Midnight Maximum Tune 4.
NAMCO has unveiled a trailer and a website for this.
And let's see if there's any cool little, like, techno-y music in the trailer.
Of course there is.
It's going to be awesome.
I hope it's still used over the show and doing all the music.
I'm sure it sounds like it.
Anyway, apparently it did not make an appearance at the expo that previously happened, AOU
in 2011.
But Bandai Namco has unveiled a website for the game and it's coming out and they're saying
it will be some time before you get to play it, but it will be the Wanggan Maxi of the
future and worth the wait.
Whatever that means.
I'm just excited for the soundtrack.
It's been a while since they had a game, right?
Yeah.
It has been a while.
So.
All right.
Let's get to the Skype line, shall we?
We're going to open up the phone and take some calls.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio or our phone number, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
So go ahead and give us a call and we'll talk.
So while the Skype line is on its way to being open, Loki, did you want to give us any last
minute stories tonight?
Yeah, sure.
We can talk about Pixel 4's Head to Head.
It is a 8-bit styled fighting game by Eric Ruth, a guy that brought us all the 8-bit
kind of, you know, Left 4 Deads, DJ Hero, Halo, that kind of stuff.
Well this one, they've got, you know, brawlers they're seeing from every single fighting
game, including like, you know, I believe Ryu from, you know, Street Fighter's on there.
They've got, you know, Wolverine from the Marvel games.
They've also got Scorpion, I believe, is in there, and 30 different characters you can
play as.
So that's kind of cool.
I want to see if there's someone from like, Castlevania in there as well.
Alright, let's go to the phones and take some calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn Radio, who's this?
Hey, hey, it's the local con whore, Rama.
Hey Rama, what's on your mind?
Not too much, I just got back from Cats of Con, but I didn't call to get my con review,
but I have a question for all three of you.
Sure, what's up?
Okay.
Now, if you've said time and time again, if I remember correctly, what makes a console
is the games for it, correct?
Yes.
Alright, now I brought this up with my roommate who's a business guy, and he's like, you're
incorrect.
It's the marketing behind it.
Now, even I find it hard to believe, because I feel that there have been games that have
been marketed out like a cheap whore, and it still has failed to get the numbers.
So, do you believe more of it's the games or the marketing, and if so, what games failed
on the marketing aspect?
Where's that, what is that Namco game that came out just at the end of last year, that
you brought up on the show like last month, and I was like, where was this game?
This game was-
Modun and the Forsaken Kingdom.
Yes, that would be a good one, because that game looked kind of cool.
I had no idea a game like that even existed.
To some extent, maybe Rock Band 3, if you want me to go for a bigger title, because
I don't know, we just didn't see Rock Band.
It wasn't out there as much as the earlier titles, and I don't know if that's just because
people were over it, or what the deal is, but yeah, I'd have to say that.
Okay, I agree with that, because even I didn't see too much about Rock Band 3 as much as
I was anticipating it, and I turned around and I'm like, it's out?
I really didn't see any advertising for it.
Yeah, right?
And for some reason, Kane and Lynch comes to mind, because I think that that game was
heavily marketed, but it just kind of collapsed.
Wait, didn't Kane and Lynch, or maybe I think Kane and Lynch 2, I thought we had a story
last week, that game sold like a million copies or something.
Might have been a second, because I thought the first one, there was a lot of advertising
behind it, but I don't think, I'm not sure if it really did good or not.
Yeah.
It's kind of nice when game companies will take a second chance, though, on a game that,
you know, doesn't maybe do so hot, but it still kind of deserves a sequel, so it gets
one.
For some reason, I can't think of anything right away, but I know there's been some in
the past.
It's strange, though, that Mirror's Edge, you know, was kind of a popular game, at least
I always thought, and it's not getting a sequel like we thought it would, so just kind of
surprising.
All right, but, so, I'm going to assume you still believe that a console is just as good
as the games that it comes out for, not the marketing for the games for the console?
I think marketing kind of goes a long way.
I think that's probably why the Wii did so well, I think was kind of the way it was marketed,
but I think marketing can only really enhance or draw attention to what is going to be either
a good product or a bad product.
And what I mean by that is that, you know, you can put a turd out there and wrap a pretty
bow on it and say, hey, look, turd on sale, but at the end of the day, a turd is still
a turd.
I've heard that plenty of times.
I'm inclined to believe that you can market a game like nobody else's business, and it
just takes maybe a couple of people to review this title and say, it stinks, and could cause
a possible chain reaction?
Um, perhaps.
Let me ask you this, though, about the 3DS.
The 3DS, I find it funny that we always talk about a system is only as good as the games
that are on it, yet I still want a 3DS even though I'm not impressed by any of the launch
titles.
Does this make me a giant hypocrite?
No, not necessarily.
I think you kind of fall in love with me.
You feel your inner child, because these are games that we use and we play a lot, you know?
I mean, hell, I picked up Zelda Advance for the GBA, and I still haven't finished it yet.
When I first got it, I knocked that game out in about five weeks.
I gotta tell you, though, the technology behind that thing is so cool.
I actually, actually, one reason I kind of want to get it is for the picture taking and
looking at the 3D pictures.
Like I do feel a little bit more justified in that feature.
I think that's going to be kind of awesome.
Just to kind of show it off, too, you know, like, hey, I took these 3D pictures, and I'm
hoping Nintendo does the smart thing and lets us share those pictures somehow, some way
we can do that.
Perhaps.
Perhaps.
Plus, also, I am looking for something to play music to, so you know how that goes.
Yeah.
So.
All right.
Well, anything else on your mind, Rama?
No, that's it.
All right.
Well, take care, Rama.
Have a good one.
Thanks for the call.
You, too.
Enjoy.
Later.
Bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLawnTradio, if you want to give us
a call.
Brad in the chat room from PodCulture says, no, it makes you a geek.
Yeah, I'll take it.
It makes me a geek a little bit, I suppose.
So.
All right.
Any other last minute stories while we wait for more calls to come in?
Yeah, one last one here.
There is an indie game that's out there on the Xbox 360 Indie Marketplace.
It is a game called PPPPPPPPPPP.
Basically, it's a game that doesn't use controllers.
Oh, it's Pew Pew Pew Pew Pew.
I thought you were saying PPPPPP.
No.
I was like...
That's the full name of the game, yes.
Pew Pew Pew Pew Pew Pew Pew.
But the actual title on the Indie Marketplace is Peace.
Anyways, so it is a game that's played with a vocal input and
You can play with either a 360 headset or a rock band mic
The title is co-op one player is controlling the hero's jetpack and the other is controlling the gun by making noises
like pew pew pew pew pew pew
And they have got to love the indie marketplace they have a trailer for it too, which people are playing it
Is it is it is there video is that like real video yeah, it looks like
It looks we can't hear any of that I know, but I'm just saying it looks very similar actually to the technokitten adventure
I mean basically there's walls coming towards you and you have a jetpack and you say pew to destroy the blocks
And then you scream into it to like cause a bomb to go off and you get points for shooting the blocks
Wave of the future ladies and gentlemen wave of the future
Wave of the future ladies and gentlemen wave of the future
Let's go to another call higher on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is gamer girl. Hi gamer girl. What's on your mind?
Um nothing much. Have you guys um played the game?
There's a game called Assassin's Creed like legacy on Facebook
No, I have not played the Facebook game. I thought you were gonna say the Assassin's Creed console games
What's the what's what's the Facebook game all about? Um, it's kind of like Knights of the clicky. It's pretty cool
Yeah, yeah. Um, I've been playing that one and of course Knights of the clicky. It's pretty fun
Is it one of those games where it's really easy to spend the fairy dust points and all that stuff? Yeah, it's pretty cool
Yeah, yeah. Do you what do you what do you think of Facebook games? Do you think it really is the wave of the future or?
Um, it's kind of addicting actually. Yeah, if you if you're not careful
You can kind of get like addicted to it. Mm-hmm
Yeah, I I was playing that Knights of the clicky game, which is so ridiculous for a while
And I don't know one day I just kind of stopped is now kind of ran out of steam with me to see with you
I haven't touched it in ages. I haven't touched it in like two weeks. I just I just finally gave up
I don't really play any of the Facebook games at all anymore. Do you find do you play the Assassin's Creed console games at all?
Yeah, I actually have the first one and I'm still trying to finish that one because I lost my original copy
Um when I was moving around I looked in the case and it was actually cracked
So so so how did I have to rebuy the other one? How does the Facebook version tie into the real game?
Does it actually kind of seem to make you want to go play the console game or does it kind of tie into that story?
Or is it just somebody just ripped off Mafia Wars and slapped on the Assassin's Creed 2 graphics?
Um, it kind of makes you want to play the original game even though it's a it's not really tied into the game itself
The original game it's more like a standalone
Right
Okay, well I get I want to say somebody I knew is playing that on Facebook
Is this been open a long time like about six months or so or did like just recently open?
Probably I just found out about it yesterday so
Any other Facebook games that you play or you're interested in?
Because I'll tell you one Facebook game I really am looking forward to is the whole Civ civilization on Facebook
And it had a title I can't remember the full title
But I because it seems like it's gonna buck that trend a little bit that it's not Mafia Wars
That it might actually be the game of civilization
It might be simplified a lot, but I think that might be a lot of fun
Um, right now I like playing, you know, um, Knights of the Clicky, um, Chocobos Crystal Tower
Oh, yeah
The game's kind of confusing, but it's pretty fun
Yeah
Yeah
So, all right
Well, gamer girl, any other things you want to say while we got you on the show before we let you go?
Do those games make you less depressed?
Keep up the good work guys
Wait, gamer girl, do those games make you less depressed since they're casual games?
Actually, um, I'm more of like, when I get really depressed, I like playing stuff like, you know, shoot em up games like, whatever
Um, Call of Duty, um, or like something with zombies in it
I made a game with zombies in it
I like watching their brains spew out
Oh, and then, let's see, I had a game, but I forgot the name of it
It's all good
Oh, Resident Evil
Oh, Resident Evil, there you go
Yeah
More zombie killing
All right
Yeah
You don't want to end up in a Jill sandwich
All right
Gamer girl, we're gonna let you go to try and get at least one more call in, but thank you so much for the call
You're welcome
Take care, have a wonderful night
You too
1-877-GAME-OLR, if you want to call us, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio
Uh, any other last minute stories over there from Loki?
Nope
Oh, how am I supposed to fill time till the next call?
Uh, I don't know, we can make up news, let's see if there's any new stories, yay
Anything that recently happened
Uh, Nanostray, developer working on the title for the 3DS
Nanostray is kind of a cool 3D game, I guess that's neat
Uh, I don't know
Maybe we can make some stories up?
Well, how about, um, there was the little big Planet 2 glitches that they fixed?
Yeah, I was covered, I talked about the patch, it's a little bit earlier in the show
Um, Black Ops Zombies
Hold on, we're getting another call, woo, saved
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, this is Amiga777
Amiga777, what's on your mind buddy?
Hey, um, I know this is a little bit of old news, but I was wondering if you guys heard about that latest
Mario sports mix game that was supposed to be coming out, I don't know, like
From what I understand, it came out a couple weeks ago
I haven't played it myself since the E3 build, but yeah, I'm aware of the game
Okay, I don't know, like, um, what were your thoughts on it?
Um, to me, I gotta be honest, it does kind of feel like another little cash in to the whole Wii Sports craze
It's just that they're using the Mario graphics to make it stand out from the other knock offs games
A la, I don't know, Deca Sports or whatever
The fact that you slap Mario on the cover kind of makes it stand out from the crowd a little bit
Not even, I think what it is is they couldn't figure out which sport to put out this year for the Mario games
You know, Mario Tennis, Mario, you know, Soccer, whatever the hell they were calling it
Wasn't it a Squeenix game too?
Yeah, I was about to ask you that same question
Yeah, you know Squeenix doesn't just do role playing games, once in a while they do have the other side
Well, especially now that they have the Eidos arm, they definitely aren't just about role playing games
But, you know, they always would do kind of these weird one off games
I'll tell you, one of my favorite Squeenix games that ever came out was Chocobo Racing
Which was like a PS1 Mario Kart rip off with Final Fantasy characters
I really wish that would come out on the store
Because I think that was a great PS1 game that I don't think a lot of people really got
So, yeah, that was awesome
But anyway, kind of going back to your original question, you know, I think, yeah, I get what Loki's saying
As far as the game itself, it's very Wii Sports-esque
So if you like that fun, casual, and I emphasize casual sports game
Then yeah, it's cool, especially if you have siblings that you play a lot of video games with
Or you have parties where you have people over a lot
You know, this would be a game that's a lot of fun at the parties
Because people recognize Mario, people recognize Peach
But as far as like the hardcore game goes, like if you're just kind of a solo player
I don't know if there's going to be a lot here for you
I think your money might be better spent somewhere else
Right
Okay, I mean like, I looked at an article online about it
I don't know, some time ago
And the critics were just ripping it to shreds
Yeah, not surprised
And let me guess, they were probably just saying it's, you know, yet another sports game on the Wii
You know, with a Mario knockoff title
It's just very insignificant
Doesn't bring anything new to the table
I bet all the, I haven't even played the game
And I bet that those are what the reviews are saying basically
So
Dark Tetsuya in our chat room does tell us though
It is Mario curling
If you've ever wanted a curling game with Mario
You can get that
I thought Mario curling was not in that
But was in the stupid Sonic vs, Mario vs. Sonic Winter Games thing
Oh, you might be right
I don't think curling is in this new one
I'm reading that from chat, so you could be right
I mean, I could be wrong
I thought they had like volleyball, basketball, tennis
Dodgeball, maybe paintball
But, you know, it's, whatever
I mean, we're not the target audience
So, I gotta ask, is this a game that you were thinking of picking up
Or were you more calling just to kind of bag on it a little bit too
Because of everything you've read
Well, I'm not currently actually looking forward to purchasing that
As I'm not the owner of a Wii at this time
Oh well, then it makes the decision pretty easy
But yeah, it was a bit shocking reading that article
That Nintendo had practically just outsourced this whole concept
To, I guess, Square Enix
It was already in some hot water
And a number of other things
Like, dare I say, Final Fantasy XIV
Which hasn't yet made it to consoles yet
What's stopping you from getting a Wii, just out of curiosity?
Um, I don't know
Price games?
The games? Oh no, it's fine
I just need to, you know, make some decent income in order to get one at this time
I gotcha, yeah, that's what a lot of people are saying in this economy
Alright
It's a bummer
Well buddy, I'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thank you so much for the call
Bye bye
Okay, so here's the actual sports that are on there
It's a whopping four
Hockey, baseball, or I'm sorry, hockey, basketball, volleyball, and dodgeball
That's it
Yeah, I remember, I didn't think it was a lot of games
It wasn't like deca sports, so there was a whole ton of them
It was just, you know, a few
There you go
Alright, well that is gonna do it for the Skype line tonight
So sorry to those folks that didn't get through
But, you know, you can always send us an email or, you know, contact us in other ways
Chat room, Twitter, etc, etc
We'll be back to do it again next week
But since I believe we did all the final thoughts
I'm sorry, not the final thoughts, the last minute stories tonight
It's now time to get to the final thoughts for tonight's show
So, Salacious Pop, thank you for being here tonight
I know you haven't talked a lot this half of the show, but you brought a little wit to the first half
As you always do, so thank you for being here
Thank you
And do you have a final thought for listeners tonight?
We didn't nap today and I can feel it
Wait a minute, no, I took like a, I remember taking like a 20 minute nap for the show
20 minutes is not a nap
Ah, it is for me
Alright, I'll go ahead and give my final thought
My final thought is, man, I wish, sometimes I wish we didn't have a bonus segment to the show
I mean, I love the live listeners and everything
But if we could end before 10 o'clock, then I could get Pinkberry in time before they close
I'm just saying, just saying
There's Pasco Robbins around the corner
That's true
Dark Soccer, your final thought for us tonight?
My head hurts so bad
Aw, sorry to hear it
And last but not least, Loki, your final thoughts tonight?
I hope this mod works
Oh dear, I wonder what this is
What is this mod gonna do, dare I ask?
Well, I'm working on doing more map mods, but I'm trying to get like a process to it
Because I want to have it so that I can distribute this online
And have it so that people can very easily add mods to Grand Theft Auto
I'm talking about map mods right now
Because I've done map mods before
But I have a new method of doing them
And the previous way I tried to get it to work didn't work
And I've tried this before
And I'm trying it again to see if I can get it to work
And who knows?
Probably won't work again because this game is very stubborn
Alright
Well, that's gonna do it tonight
For another episode of Orange Lounge Radio
Thank you guys so much for downloading our show
Or listening to us live, however you do it
And checking us out
We really do appreciate all the support
If you like what you hear at Orange Lounge Radio
All we ask is to leave us some nice feedback
Whether it be on the iTunes store
By leaving us a 5 star review
Or wherever you download podcasts
I know there are many other places besides just iTunes
Or of course, tell a friend about the show
That is how we appreciate you spreading the word about Orange Lounge Radio
We are not a giant magazine
We are not some big corporation with millions of advertising dollars behind us
We're just three friends who got together to do this show some time ago
We kept it going all this time
And thank you guys for showing up and supporting us
And making it work every week
Have a good night everybody
We'll see you next week here at Orange Lounge Radio
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production
To join us for a live show
Visit www.allgames.com
Sunday nights at 6 pm pacific time
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio
Do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio
Or allgames.com
But we're probably right anyway
See you next week!
