Today, February 13th, 2011, there will be no more hero games at Activision.
A survey hints at details on Dance Central 2, and could your PlayStation 3 games soon
require a serial number registration?
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts.
First up, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers.
Hi.
How are you, Miss Sommers?
I am dropping stuff.
Oh no.
That's not a good way to start off the 401st episode of our show into the next 100.
Think we'll make it to 500?
Sure.
Why not?
Why not?
Exactly.
I got nothing else to do.
I got nothing better to do.
Why not?
All right.
Also joining us, say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
All right.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
Good.
Good to hear.
How's the baby doing?
It's doing okay.
I enjoy reading the wife's blogs about the baby.
That's interesting because I don't have a child, but it seems like everybody around
me, not everybody, but many people around me are starting to enter that, take that step.
Yeah.
It's kind of interesting to hear the stories.
Yeah.
You will see posts once a month.
And it just reminds me, I'm getting old.
So have you thought about what the baby's first video game should be?
Well, he's already played Grand Theft Auto, so.
Wait a minute.
You let your baby play Grand Theft Auto?
Yeah.
He can't really hold the controller well, but he had it at the point where he had one
hand on the left analog stick and the other hand on the trigger and he was driving around.
So technically that is playing Grand Theft Auto.
Granted, he doesn't know what he's doing, but he had an Xbox 360 controller and he played.
He didn't kill anything.
He just was driving around.
That's a story to tell him when he's like 13.
Did you know your first game was Grand Theft Auto?
Because by then they'll be up to Grand Theft Auto 17 or whatever.
Anyhow, let's also introduce the ever-present fourth guest on our show.
We don't have anybody else in the studio tonight, sadly, but we do have of course the chat room.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice and have been that way since 2002.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com is the place to be if you want to join us in our chat room.
We do tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, right after
the Bobby Black Wolf show, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
But if you want to join our chat room, you can do that at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
What's this?
You took video.
Oh my.
You actually have a little picture of Josh playing the 360 controller.
That is adorable.
That is really adorable.
By the way, my secondary theme for tonight's show.
What's that?
That's so cute.
What's that, Darcy?
Is posting random stuff in the chat room.
posting random stuff in the chat room just because?
Yeah I found a neat article in Cracked about Easter eggs hidden in albums and I think we
need to start doing Easter eggs in our episodes.
Our episodes need...
Like we have an epic burp and you run it through a spectrograph and it's a picture of a puppy.
We need to have a wrong answer of the show actually to steal a bit from the new You Don't
Know Jack game, which we'll get into in a little bit because it is that time of the
show.
How was your gaming week?
My gaming week was good.
I played on my Worgen, who I'm actually doing the leveling stuff, like the profession leveling,
which makes real leveling so much slower.
Seriously, I'm like, this is why I didn't do this crap before.
Of course now I'm doing all that crap on my level 85 character, so I'm like ehh.
I also have Final Fantasy III on the DS, which is pretty cool so far.
I'm very happy with it.
Wow, it's a couple years old at this point, which no problem with that.
I mean sometimes we don't get around to playing games for years, so that happens.
But what put you in the mood?
Just you're like, I want an RPG where I can fight or run.
We were at Dimple and we had some leftover credit because we traded in a ton of our old
DVDs that we had either replaced or just were crap.
Local music chain, by the way, which also sells games used new.
So we were like, well, let's just go ahead and use up our credit.
So I picked a game and Dan picked a game and then we said, well, let's use our discount
card.
It turned out we still had $5 left when we were done because we thought we were using
it all up.
So we still have credit there, so I guess we're going to go back and get that again.
I still have no idea what the discount card's for.
I probably have like a ton of stuff on that card.
You get like a random 50% off on your purchases or something.
Am I a bad person because I don't really shop at music stores anymore.
Not since Tower Records went under.
You know, that was, that was my chain was Tower Records.
I used to buy import CDs from Tower Records.
This is before the Interwebs or when Interwebs was all dial up, right?
When, when Orange Tons Radio had a 56k friendly stream, right?
That's that was a while ago.
That's when I was shopping at Tower Records before they went under and maybe Virgin Megastore
once in a while.
Oh, Virgin was awesome for import CDs, but now I have an activator at Virgin.
When I buy CDs, like it's Best Buy.
Does that make me a bad person?
When I buy CDs, I go on Amazon.
And I buy the MP3 downloads.
If I bought, if I want them that badly.
Actually this might make me really bad, but the last CD I bought was the Tron soundtrack.
I bought that at Target.
So well actually the last CD that I bought was the Tron soundtrack and I bought it on
Amazon.
So there we go.
I like having the MP3s, you know, we are trying to downsize our packaging.
This is perfect.
And on top of that, Amazon tends to have like $5 specials, like they had CeeLo Green's album
for $5.
And they're all DRM free on top of it, which is, I mean now iTunes is too and you can convert
from their format, but it really is just super convenient to get it all on Amazon.
Yeah I was, I was playing some Final Fantasy III while I was waiting around for stuff.
And I started Oregon Trail today and I'm like, oh, the Facebook one?
I didn't like it.
I played it for like five seconds and I was like, this just, this is overcomplicating
it.
This game has died of dysentery.
Exactly.
I think that's the best way to put it.
The thing that gets it is that buying the tickets, now I'll just go download an Apple
MU and play it that way.
The magic is gone.
The magic is kind of gone.
I have some friends that are into it on Facebook.
That's cool.
That's what you're into.
Look, I have no right to judge anyone.
I've been playing that Knights of the Clicky game for forever, although I haven't touched
it in like a week, but I wasn't feeling Oregon Trail.
I'm three weeks clean on it, Rob.
Are you really?
You should get like a sober sticker for that.
That's amazing.
Good for you.
Um, speaking, rewinding the MMOs a bit, like I don't want to dwell on wow too much, but
I will tell you one thing I've kind of been looking at as a lot of Warcraft players and
other MMO players have been looking at, there's this new game coming out called Rift.
Have you read it at all about this game?
Is it like based based off of the tabletop rifts?
I'm not sure because I don't know enough about that scene, but look at some of the YouTubes
on Rift and tell me what you think.
Also while you're at it, look at videos because we were doing this the other night.
Look at videos for Guild Wars 2 and tell me what you think because I played Guild Wars
for a while.
Guild Wars 2 much different than Guild Wars 1.
Take a look and see if either of those might woo you from wow for a little bit.
Well, it better not because Dan doesn't want to buy any more games.
Well the good news is Rift has an open beta starting like really really soon.
So take a look at those while we talk about it.
Look at some of the videos on YouTube, especially some of the PVP looks really pretty.
I know you're not into PVP, but it has both.
I've started doing PVP.
Have you really?
Well I've done the battles.
Oh.
I need to get you back on Horde House and talk about that.
Because our friend and listener got me PVP gear.
Good times.
Good times.
Alright.
Let's move on to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Didn't play a whole lot this week.
Mainly just a few things, sword and poker too.
Still playing that in iOS and it's this last dungeon taking forever, but it's fun still
and I just unlocked more weapons I can buy, but they're really expensive so I have to
grind some more dungeons for that.
And then I played Marvel vs. Capcom 3, a little bit of that.
Yeah, that too.
That's an awesome, awesome, awesome game.
I'm not very good at those types of games, but it is somewhat button masher friendly.
I wouldn't say I'm just like a button masher, but I don't have any real strategy into it,
you know?
It's just like, okay I know the basic moves and stuff like that.
Let's see what happens.
I feel it out.
No like 50 hit combos for me or anything like that.
Did you say you're just feeling it up?
Feeling it out.
Okay, I was gonna say, cause there's some pretty, you know, boobtastic characters in
there.
Um, and then, you know, Grant the thought of, you know, usual.
That's a must for you.
Exactly.
I will replay that at work, so, you know, obviously I'm gonna play more of that.
Alright, that it?
Um, I think so.
Let me go to the chatroom at chat.orangelandradio.com.
I was just noticing there real quick, the dwarven women don't look like men.
You're watching a video for Rift, I see.
Actually, I wanted to talk about it, cause our chatters are now mentioning the game.
Dungeonbuster in our chatroom at chat.orangelandradio.com starts us off saying, the MMO Rift is not
based off the PnP1 Dark Soccer, I'm assuming that means pen and paper, but I think it's
being sued because of the name, so there's a whole little Rift going on there.
But, really though, I don't think they have our thing, because the game is Rift, and it's
abbreviated, and this is just Rift.
Derek H., our pal from Dead Pixel Live, also on the All Games Network, wants to plug, he
actually had the executive producer of Rift on last week, so if you want to check that
out at deadpixellive.com, you can hear that whole little interview.
How did he get all these big name interviews when we weren't looking?
That's pretty awesome.
Good for you.
Let's see, chat.orangelandradio.com for more comments here.
Ziba is saying, I am loving Rift and can't wait for Guild Wars 2.
So both those games are getting a lot of buzz.
And of course, everybody's always gonna ask, which one of these is gonna be the WoW killer?
Probably neither.
I'll tell you, you know what, I will tell you what the WoW killer will ultimately be.
I can already tell you, I will look at my crystal ball, I will tell you what game is
the WoW killer.
You ready?
WoW 2?
No, WoW.
WoW 2?
Yeah.
WoW is the WoW killer.
Wait and see.
That sounds very suicidal.
Well, no, because, well, who?
More like a...
How did the Roman Empire fall?
Because the Roman Empire.
More to quote an old Loki quote, an old old Loki quote, ow, I just shot myself in the
foot.
Why are you shooting me in the foot?
Rob, can I pet this?
Oh, is that Guild Wars 2 now you're looking at?
Yes.
It's a great radio, by the way, when you're sitting there going, ooh, pretty.
You should post some of those links in chat just so people can take a peek for themselves.
No, you have to imagine it.
This place makes Stormwind look like an easy to navigate one lane street.
All right, let me talk about my gaming week and some of the games I play this week.
Mostly the same type of stuff, it's been somewhat of a slow month in gaming, just like it has
been movies.
There's not been a lot of new stuff, so, you know, more WoW, yeah, okay.
But I did play one new game.
One game kind of came out and it was kind of one of those blink and you might have missed
it games.
I played You Don't Know Jack, the brand new game that just came out from THQ with Jellyvision,
of course, who made the old You Don't Know Jack.
So maybe it's not really a brand new game because it's more like, hey, remember the
90s?
Because these games were huge in the 90s.
You Don't Know Jack and You Don't Know Jack the Ride, which I want to say originally was
a Sierra thing.
I could be wrong on that.
Somebody might correct me on that in the chat room.
But that could explain why the long hiatus.
But regardless of how it happened, THQ has now put out a You Don't Know Jack game for
the current generation of consoles and it's everywhere.
It's PC, it's 360, PlayStation, it's everywhere.
And the 360 is the version I played and I was at a little party with some friends last
night and we were playing the new You Don't Know Jack game.
And the good news is it is pretty much what I remember.
It is a funny, quick, polished trivia game.
Lots of jokes, just kind of like run one after the other.
That almost kind of dry sense of humor.
I don't want to say British sense of humor, not that dry, but just really like no nonstop
pun after pun.
And there's these weird kind of like pop culture references to the whole thing and a lot of
it's very current.
Like, what is the internet love more than anything right now?
Kitties.
So there's, you know, this whole bonus game, I will say, or a themed question that involves
kittens acting out a movie and you have to guess what movie it is.
It's really funny.
So yeah, a lot of that same old humor, same announcer that they had back in the day, Cookie,
is still there.
The game is 30 bucks, so it's a nice little deal.
73 episodes for 30 bucks.
So that is a little bit like, oh, I kind of thought these games had more questions in
the nineties.
So that is a little bit of a tiny step back because it's 73 episodes for 30 bucks.
So what, 50 cents an episode, 40 cents an episode maybe?
You can also download expansions.
I believe three are planned right now.
One is up already, 10 more episodes for five bucks.
So that is 50 cents an episode.
So the value of this game, I would really ask you how much value you're going to get
in like a party atmosphere.
Now the good news is you can play this on Xbox Live, but I think this would be the absolute
worst possible game you could play on Xbox Live with strangers.
I really do.
I think it would suck all the fun out of the game because you know you're going to have
people out there with a finite number of episodes who already know the answers to all the questions
and so on.
I just think that part, it might be a little bit ridiculous.
However, playing with trusted friends, I think it could be a great Xbox Live game.
So one of those, and of course when I say Xbox Live, obviously PlayStation has its comparable
thing.
PC does not, which I find very interesting, but that's why the PC version is only 20 bucks.
So even more value there.
And also, I mean, there's not a lot of people that would play that multiplayer on a PC.
You know, wouldn't it be kind of hard to play that multiplayer on a PC?
No, not really.
It's where I play my WoW.
So it's...
Yeah, but I meant like, you know, with friends, you know what I mean?
There's no real, you're not going to have like four controllers or something like that,
you know?
Yeah, yeah.
I get what you're saying.
Yeah.
It's a little tough there, I guess.
I don't know.
I don't own the PC versions.
I don't know how they do it.
I don't know if you can have the little buzzers or whatever.
I do hear, though, on the PlayStation 3 version, you can use the actual game buzz controllers
and you don't know Jack, which is nice.
That's cool.
You can get a little more use out of those things.
I think single player will only be funny for so long.
The good news is it is a funny game, so you'll get your lols out of it.
But I think the game works best in a party atmosphere.
So I think the question would really be, are you going to be able to bring this to a party
and get use out of this?
If so, it might be worth your money.
And I think it's been mildly successful so far, because I mean, it sold okay, but it's
something I could figure that will probably drop in price relatively quickly.
Something to keep in the back of your mind, the way they did the episodes is a little
weird.
If you take your game from place to place, you're more likely to see repeats, so just
be careful.
If you really want to be smart, copy your game data to a memory card or a USB stick
if you're going to take the game from place to place.
That way the game remembers what episodes you've already seen, otherwise you're really
setting yourself up for repeats.
The game is pretty good about knowing which episodes you've already seen, especially if
you're going to go on Xbox Live.
But if you take it from one place to another, it's not going to know, because it's a new
Xbox, right?
And there's nothing to read from.
So you're going to see repeats, because you only have so many episodes in the beginning.
So I just kind of wanted to throw that out there, just a word of caution.
The way they did that is a little weird.
So You Don't Know Jack, very polished, very funny, constant giggles from the group we
were playing with.
I think it's a good value, you know, 50 cents for a game is, you know, gosh, you go to Dave
and Busters and throw them way money faster than that on those stupid crane games or skeeball
or whatever.
So I think it's a decent value.
Maybe a few more questions for the buck or maybe a different way to randomize them or
something, maybe could be the feedback.
But I will save that for You Don't Know Jack 2, which I do hope happens at this point,
or whatever they're going to end up calling it.
So I definitely give the game a favorable review, especially if you like these game
show games.
This blows that seen it shit out of the water.
Like seriously, like this is the like definitive trivia party game.
The only possible contender maybe is Buzz on the PS3.
And if you have the Xbox, you don't really have that.
So this this blows that seen it shit out of the water.
This is much better.
So take a look.
Anyhow, that was really it for my gaming week.
So let's get into some housekeeping tonight.
Some housekeeping.
There was some I don't want to say late breaking news, but it just happened a little earlier.
We're competing against the Grammys tonight.
You know, last week it was the Super Bowl.
Tonight it's the Grammys and two weeks.
It's what the Oscars.
It's like we just can't fucking wait.
But no one cares about everything is on Sunday.
So every all the good stuff is going to be on YouTube if you want to see Gaga hatch out
of an egg.
It'll be on YouTube later.
I need to think of a good name to call the Grammys because I have the Super Bowl.
Yeah.
So Grammys should be the shammy's.
I like Kathy Griffin's the shmemmies or whatever.
That's for the daytime Emmys.
Yeah, exactly.
Or the this the technical ones or whatever.
Anyway, besides by the way, speaking Kathy Griffin, just because I love that bitch.
I got to give a shout out.
She hears she's going to have a brand new show on Broadway, really.
It's only going to be on for like a week in March, but it's called Ready.
Best name for a show ever ready.
Kathy Griffin wants a Tony.
Anyhow, but this isn't the Kathy Griffin podcast.
I love her.
She's just really fucking funny.
I will listen to her like stand up while I play.
Wow.
Like I listen to a lot of random stuff.
I play.
I listen to podcasts.
Wow.
I listen to wow.
Podcast while I play.
Wow.
It's very meta.
Whole thing.
Very meta.
Anyway.
Like like when I was in Blade's Edge and we were on Blade's Edge.
Yes.
Very meta.
What was I going to say?
Oh yeah.
The Grammys.
That song won a Grammy.
The Baba Yetu from Civilization 4, which is a really great song if you've never heard
it.
I'll have to fire up a clip here.
I wasn't really prepared to play it.
Oops.
It won a Grammy, which is funny because the song is actually kind of old.
Like it's been out for a little while because Civilization 4 was kind of what it was written
for.
But here's how it works.
You see, it didn't win for being in Civilization 4.
The artist, Christopher Tin, put it in his recent CD that he released and the CD, the
song from the CD won and I believe he actually won a Grammy for the whole CD as well.
He won two Grammys tonight.
So here's a clip if you've never heard this.
Like seriously, if you haven't played Civilization 4, A, you're missing one of the best pieces
of PC games ever, and B, you haven't had a chance to just sit on the title screen and
listen to this.
This song just kind of like make you feel like, oh yeah, I'm going to rule the world.
This is going to be a military victory game.
Oh my God, this is offensive to Islam.
Shut up.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That was a little big planet.
My mistake.
Anyhow, by the way, if you've never played Civilization, you are missing out.
It really is like the greatest frickin' one of the, one of, I shouldn't say the greatest,
but one of the greatest game series there is.
And I even think, like, if you're like a console, you're like, I don't do games on PC, maybe,
wow, that's it.
Even the console games are really worth your time, and I think they're great entry-level
Civilization games anyway.
But I digress.
Congratulations, Christopher Tin, on his two Grammys, which is, if you think about it,
kind of the first time that a song written for a video game has ended up winning a Grammy,
even if it took a weird way to get there.
So congrats.
That's amazing.
All right, let's get into some more video game news tonight, the stuff that's not late-breaking
but still is going on in the world of gaming this week.
Loki's gonna start us off, as always.
Yeah.
Okay, so this is kind of funny, and although it was fixed, and I'm sure that the person
that runs Kevin, you know, runs Kevin Butler's fake account for the fake person probably
didn't understand what was going on here.
But anyways, the person that ran the Kevin Butler on Twitter accidentally reposted the
key for, or one of the keys to the PlayStation 3.
Remember the whole lawsuit going on, because the keys got leaked out.
Anyways, this is the key that turned out to be one used in the hack through the USB dong,
which I don't think anyone even really uses anymore.
But nonetheless, they retweeted it, so let me guess, you sank my battleship, and then
they retweeted the key.
So it was...
46DC.
Oh, forget it.
Yeah, so, of course, you know, it was later removed off the Twitter account, but it is
still funny.
Kind of like, oh, hey, someone's not paying attention.
Hopefully no one got fired over it, but, you know, still funny.
Well, like, if you don't know what it is, which I'm sure whoever runs this account on
behalf of the Kevin Butler character probably didn't know what it was.
I mean, you know, if I didn't do this show, I wouldn't know what that is.
Actually, even doing this show, I would look at that and go, why is someone speaking to
me in hex?
Like, what is your problem?
Exactly, and it doesn't even look, I mean, come on.
That does not look anything like battleship numbers.
Well, I mean, but if you're kind of that snarky character that Kevin Butler's supposed to
be, it does look like that a little bit, so.
Huge Sony faux pas, or they'll get over...
I think that the funnier thing about this is that all these blogs are reporting on it
with a screenshot of the tweet.
So now the tweet has been seen by, like, ten times as many people as would have seen it
originally.
I don't know why it's really funny, but it is.
It's irony, Rob.
There you go.
Irony.
So, before we get into the next story, I got derailed by something in the chat room.
I just think this is kind of neat, like, I only have kind of heard of this.
Like, have you ever heard of this thing called Get Glue?
I've never...
It's like a Foursquare.
Imagine, like, Foursquare for just stuff.
Like a video game you're playing, or you could check in if, I mean, you know how Foursquare
works?
You check in to, like...
And then you cheat while you're driving by?
I'm at Pinkberry, and I'm checking in so I can be the mayor, and if my friends are nearby,
I'll get a text message.
Well, now they have this thing called Get Glue where you can check into movies you're
watching or whatever.
I just got told that Orange Lawn's Radio has a Get Glue page, and we have people that check
in to listening to this on Sunday night.
I just thought that was really cool.
So I want to give a shout out to that.
So if you're listening to this on the podcast or whatever, you should check in on Get Glue.
Sweet.
That'd be a nice way to help spread the word of O-L-R. And I noticed that some of the related
ones happen to be, like, All Games or Video Game Outsiders, which is also on the network.
It's just kind of funny.
And For Real.
Yeah, I've never...
Who's For Real?
Is that the...
Is that the band from the 90s that did I Like to Move It, Move It?
Is that who For Real is?
I think it is.
I think it is.
All right.
Anyway.
Sorry.
I'm getting off track.
That's a little obscure, Rob.
It is very obscure.
All right.
Yes.
Well, it says they were on the...
No, it's the one that did...
It was a remix of something.
It was on Max.
I just don't remember what the hell it was now.
I'm telling you, For Real did I Like to Move It, Move It.
This is so stupid that we're having this conversation.
Oh, Highs Off of You.
That's what it was.
Did that song, I guess.
I don't remember.
Moving on.
Away from the 90s and into today.
Let's talk about the Xperia Play.
The Xperia Play is the Sony PlayStation phone, for lack of a better term.
This is basically what it is.
It's kind of cute.
It's like a little PlayStation Go, but this time it actually has a phone in it, so there's
kind of like a lot of purpose to be getting this.
Xperia Play is, of course, the new smartphone.
It is coming out in early spring.
It will be on Verizon's network.
That's what they're saying.
There was a Sony Ericsson MWC 2011 press conference where this Xperia Play got its launch window.
It's going to be coming out in March.
The U.S. will be one of the first destinations, and Verizon will be the first carrier for
the phone.
They don't say that it will be the only carrier for the phone, just that it will be the first.
So it's been a pretty good year for Verizon so far, between the iPhone and this.
Yeah, but carrier makes me think of a disease carrier.
I imagine some of the other carriers will be getting this, too.
And for folks that are maybe like, I'm not feeling the iPhone.
I'm more of a gamer.
I think this is going to be a pretty good choice for them.
Now, by the way, just so you know, the Xperia Play, it's supposed to be preloaded with what
they are saying is a legendary PlayStation 1 game.
It's also going to come with 50 different games from 20 publishers.
Not built in.
You're going to have to buy them.
The legendary game is supposed to be Ridge Racer.
It is.
No, they're not saying that.
That's just according to Kazurai.
They haven't said exactly what the game is yet.
So it's probably Ridge Racer.
It could be, but that would be a Namco game, so I don't know.
I kind of think it would come from Sony's first party itself.
So I don't know.
I'm going to just, I'm going to say, I'm going to be weird and say Twisted Metal.
I don't know why.
It seems like an easy game to put there.
So we'll see.
Uh, by the way, I think it will be something from Sony in house.
I don't think it's going to bring the third party into play.
It's going to be Irritating Stick.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I don't know why when you said that I thought Grand Theft Auto.
And I do that all the time.
No, but Grand Theft Auto should be on there.
Those two games couldn't be any more different.
You're right.
Grand Turismo would be a good choice.
It would be a very good choice.
Just so you know, most of the games that will be coming out for the device, they are ports
of course of other games.
I noticed there's actually a little Guitar Hero logo in here, which is really funny considering
what we're going to talk about in a minute.
But yeah, some of the other games that will be there, Assassin's Creed, Dead Space, Battlefield,
FIFA.
A multiplayer FIFA game in mobile.
What's that?
So, all right.
All right, well let's move on with some more news.
Actually, wait, before we do, anyone going to get one of these here in studio?
Anyone in chat?
No.
Going to pick up the Xperia?
No.
Yeah, I know.
It's kind of like...
I have a PSP.
I have a PSP.
I have an iPhone and I'm locked into the iPhone contract.
I can't go run out and get another phone.
I wouldn't care anyway.
You know what?
I keep getting flashbacks to the N-Gage.
And that was pretty bad.
I think this will be better than the N-Gage though.
Let's be real.
Let's be for real.
If you want to play PlayStation 1 games on the go, just buy a PSP.
Hell, just buy a PSP-1000 and you can do it just as well.
Except you don't have the dual sort of analog sticks, you know what I mean?
If I want to play PS1 games on the go, I'll just bring my PS1 with me.
Amen.
And get a mobile monitor, which I think I've still got one somewhere.
I'm a little bit disgusted though, Rob.
Why is that?
That is about our next news story.
Disgusted.
Completely.
Well, out with it.
What's going on?
Well, I'm sure many people know already, but the Hero franchise has gone...
Activision is discontinuing development of Guitar Hero for 2011 and disbanding their
business unit.
And guess what else is included with that?
That's going to be DJ Hero as well.
They're not going to be releasing the new download content packs beyond what they already
have, and nothing new will be made.
However, you can still download everything that's there now.
And basically they're saying that they've seen rapid declines in that genre, but really
I think that Rock Band does it better.
Alright.
Well, I mean, let's be honest though, is this really a surprise?
No.
Uh, yes, it is a surprise because I would have thought that they would have still tried
to whore it out.
I mean, even if sales have dwindled a little bit, you know, why kill off the whole thing?
Well, I know why they killed off the whole thing.
Because investors tell them what to do.
Well, I mean, honestly, I'm kind of sitting here going, okay, big surprise.
Like you know, this was all over.
It was, this news was so big it was on CNN.
It was all over Twitter.
It might have even been a trending topic for all I know, but all these people were going,
R.I.P.
Guitar Hero.
Dead and gone.
We hardly knew ye.
And it's kind of like, um, did anyone buy the last game in the series?
Did anyone buy Warriors of Rock?
I think we picked up the Green Day one for five bucks at Dimple.
That's Rock Band.
That's not even Guitar Hero.
Oh, not Green Day.
The other, it was one of the...
Van Halen, Metallica?
Yeah.
It was a, it was a Guitar Hero one.
And let's be real, five bucks for that Van Halen one is probably about all it's worth.
Like it was really a terra bad game.
Let's, let's...
It was so bad.
It was an obvious milking of the franchise.
So bad that they gave it away free to, you know, inflate the numbers of, um, the Guitar
Hero 5 series so they could say, hey, look, look how many Guitar Hero units have sold
for the franchise.
Way more than Rock Band.
Granted, they had way more versions come out than Rock Band.
So, um, it's still disappointing.
I mean, because I don't think that they're done.
I think they're done with this.
But when they see an idea where they can make some money, they're going to go after it.
And I have a feeling that the next game they do is going to be similar to Dance Central
because I don't think they want to be, you know, out of the market.
But you know, I wouldn't be surprised if we see a Dance Hero.
What's interesting is that I see, uh, some folks in chat and of course, Black Wolf jumping
in.
I bought Warriors of Rock.
I knew there'd be somebody.
There'd be like one person that bought it.
I mean, it didn't, it didn't sell to zero copies.
It sold some.
But what I'm just saying is that this decline has been a little bit obvious for a while
now.
I think a lot of people out there that were the same ones touting R.I.P.
Guitar Hero were kind of rolling their eyes a little bit at the franchise and how it kind
of has gone the past couple games.
There's been nothing really that new in the series for a while now.
And I kind of hate to say it, but DJ Hero was going down a very similar path.
I mean, the last game in the series wasn't terrible, but I didn't see where there was
really a future in DJ Hero either.
Well, um, unfortunately, one of the things we weren't going to be talking about as how
they were saying that their digital downloads were up 20%.
I think those could have been up a lot more if they'd, you know, kind of gone the rock
band route and used their business model where they put out a few games and put out a ton
of download content.
Because, to be honest, there's not much coming out for Guitar Hero.
You may have one pack a month, and that was it.
If you're lucky.
DJ Hero was, for the first one, was much worse.
It had five.
I think five packs come out.
If that.
And then, DJ Hero 2 had about the same within a relatively short time frame, but I don't...
You know, we were talking a little bit how they're basically going to, you know, cease
putting out download content for Guitar Hero and stuff like that.
But honestly, I don't think anyone would have noticed if they stopped because they weren't
really doing much to begin with.
So, it's kind of, kind of sucked, but, you know, they really kind of let that slip through
their hands.
Yeah, I mean, I'm, again, I just, I just don't think the series was kind of going anywhere.
It just was kind of on a one-track direction, and I, again, I really challenge a lot of
these developers to innovate!
That is how you're going to keep your games more interesting.
That's what Rock Band did.
Well, but, see, here's the thing.
Rock Band, I mean, it's the last band standing, so to speak, but, unfortunately, they didn't
really innovate enough, I guess, with Rock Band 3, with the keyboard and everything.
Or they're not, well, here's the thing, or they're not marketing it well enough, I guess.
It's not selling as well as the last one, period.
That's what I mean.
Okay.
Well, I'm just saying, you know, because you're saying they didn't innovate.
I mean...
Well, let me take a step back.
Maybe they innovated, but they're not letting people know that so well.
Like I don't really see a lot of Rock Band 3 being marketed as, now you can really learn
to play an instrument.
You can really learn to play keyboard.
Like, you know, it wasn't on the daytime talk shows like I kind of thought it would be,
and so on.
I don't know.
I'm not, I'm sorry, I'm not trying to say that, like, Rock Band hasn't really innovated.
I think it is, it's done certainly more than Guitar Hero did, which is why it is now standing
alone, so to speak, although I don't think there'll be a Rock Band 4 this year.
I don't think so either.
I would go so far as to say there's not going to be another Rock Band until there's another
series of consoles, but we'll see.
Anything's possible.
I honestly think it would be smart to support the current Rock Band and just put out more
content.
Mm-hmm.
Well, that's what, yeah, that's definitely what they're doing.
I mean, there's, I honestly don't think there is a need to put out a new console game because
their, you know, business model right now is just putting out tons of content for it.
So why do you need a new version?
You don't need a new version.
They're making money that way, and on top of that, it is fairly cost effective.
Because Activision's plan was kind of the opposite.
Well, we'll force them to buy a new copy of the game, or a new version of the game, because
we're not going to put out a lot of content for it.
So the only way you're going to get new content is by spending the $60 to buy a brand new
game.
Some interesting questions from chat here, uh, DDR Dollar Bill says, Guitar Hero started
doing the DDR type scene where they made new songs but didn't advance the series much.
Kind of interesting though, DDR is still alive to tell the tale, so to speak.
DDR is still kickin'.
Yeah, DDR and Konami also promise that they're going to support DDR with tons of download
content, and they never fuckin' do.
Or for Karaoke Revolution, never had a ton of download content on a regular basis like
they promised.
I'm thinking also DDR probably has a much lower budget than the Guitar Hero games, and
I don't think there's as high of an expectation there.
And I think in the end, that's what's kept DDR going all these years.
Well, if you shoot low, you're gonna-
And the weight loss thing.
Well, I guess-
Everybody thinks you're gonna lose weight playing DDR.
If you shoot low, then I guess you don't really have that high expectation, and it's easy
to meet your goals.
But at the same time, if they tried harder, they may get a better result out of it.
But instead, they're just like, oh well, not that many people like it anymore, oh well,
let's just put a half-assed product out in the market, and then we'll call it done.
Let me bring up this other comment from our chat room.
Izam in our chat room at chat.orangelandraday.com says, although I think a good question here
is can Konami take advantage of the Void and try to get Guitar Freak Strawmania stateside?
And my answer is a resounding giant no.
I'm gonna be bluntly honest with you, I don't want him to do it.
I don't want him to do it.
I don't think the games are as good as Guitar Hero.
Said it.
Might make you mad, but let's be real.
People know.
People are not gonna get those games here.
Konami missed that whole thing.
And two words, Rock Revolution.
That was their attempt to bring those games stateside and don't think it wasn't.
And it was a hot mess to say nice.
Let me put it this way, and I put it in my Twitter, if they want a second attempt at
the guitar games and stuff like that, if you put out a decent release now, it might actually
work, because you're not gonna have a lot of competition.
Granted, you're gonna have Rock Band's competition, but you gotta...
We tell our customers that we have tons of people trying to get into the video game or
movie market and stuff like that, and people that want to sell on eBay and stuff.
And we tell them, you've gotta have a niche, because you're competing with people that
have been established in the business for a long time.
Well, same with the music game genre.
You gotta have a niche.
Obviously, you're not gonna be able to compete with the large library that Rock Band has.
You're gonna need to come up with either original songs, which granted, Konami is great at original
songs.
Their Konami originals are just awesome, and they have, for guitar games, they have a huge
library of stuff that they can put in there.
A lot of people in the US may not necessarily get it or be really enthusiastic about some
of that stuff, but so what?
Just put it in the game as well, and put some good licensed songs from the US in there.
And maybe don't fuck up the interface system with grey buttons or your stupid drum controller
nobody wants to use.
Just use the peripherals that are out there now, put out some good software, and that's
it.
And hell, call Guitar Freaks, because you know what?
You've got that franchise.
You have the rights to that.
Why not?
Tigerclaw in our chatroom says, if Konami were to kill DDR, OLR and the rest of the
computer would go on a RAM page and go on a global-sized boycott.
No, not really.
To be honest, no.
I'm kind of surprised that news hasn't already come out.
Not to be a pessimist.
I know a lot of you still love your DDR, but I'm gonna be just...
Let's not mince words here.
It's not the same game I loved ten years ago.
It's not.
Well, their idea of innovation is seriously for DDR.
Let's add eight arrows.
We'll do eight arrows.
Awesome.
Because you know that was so awesome when you did quads.
Remember quads?
Four panel, you know, four DDR panels to play on?
Yeah, that was terrible.
And it was, you know, created by an algorithm.
There wasn't actually any original steps for that, and you couldn't make edits for those.
And they wanted you to buy four fucking pads for that.
Sorry, that's not gonna happen.
Anyway, back to the Activision news.
I will say, I'm a tiny bit sad that means there's probably not gonna be that DJ Hero
game on the 3DS.
I mean, I don't know if that's already in the can, so to speak, but I am assuming that's
not happening at this point.
And that would have been interesting to see that, like in the portable market and the
whole 3D thing, but eh, oh well.
Probably would have just been a cheap knockoff of the console games anyway.
Oh well.
What can you do?
Anyhow, Loki, what else you got for us?
Well, we're gonna talk a little bit more about Activision and the fun stuff.
Of course, they're reducing their headcount by 500.
I think you can kinda guess where that's coming from.
And they're saying they're making specific or significant investments elsewhere.
Our headcount at the end of the year is probably not gonna be materially different given that
we're ramping up development teams around Blizzard's new MMO and around Call of Duty
initiatives.
Yes, because you have to understand, this is why Guitar Hero and the whole hero franchise
went away.
It's because I can sink, if I'm Activision, I can sink say 50 million dollars into a couple
Guitar Hero games and maybe not make quite as much money back.
Maybe I'll make back my investment.
Or I can sink 50 million dollars into a couple Call of Duty games and they're gonna sell
like hotcakes.
So, that's where they're gonna put their money.
And then this is the other thing that didn't really make any sense to me, but I guess,
hey, you paid for the license, so why not?
Spider-Man!
There's gonna be another Spider-Man game.
Because I don't know, the last Spider-Man game did so well.
So there you have that coming in 2011.
And also, I guess, two TV license titles as well.
They're saying that they're gonna see a new Family Guy game, because god, the last Family
Guy game was so wonderful, and a Wipeout game.
Which to be honest, they did have a Wipeout game already, and it was not good.
So awesome, way to go.
That's totally awesome, just to keep that shit around.
Well I mean, there is that new Spider-Man movie that's coming out next year or whatever,
the one they're filming right now with the whole reboot.
This isn't just based on that though.
Really?
Yes, because this is just, it's gonna be like Shattered Dimensions or something.
I would have thought it was tie-in.
Kind of going back to this, I was actually reading, there was a letter to, well I guess,
a letter from the editor, and the newest Game Informer that, this is obviously before the
whole Guitar Hero stuff went down, but he was complaining about how they just basically
let Bizarre Creations just go under, and their reasoning for it was because of the failed
Bond game.
They're all, well first off, why the fuck are you trying to make a Bond game?
The Bond franchise has kind of lost its appeal years ago, and this is a game that not necessarily
this company would be good to make a title for, maybe a good racing game instead.
Well, I don't know about the, because honestly I thought that first Daniel Craig Bond movie,
Casino Royale, which a couple years ago was really good.
It was like, it was a nice swift kick in the pants.
A lot of people were very skeptical about it, and it was really good.
But I think the biggest problem was that they were putting out a Bond game when Bond wasn't
really in people's minds, because Quantum of Solace didn't do as well, and some would
argue it probably wasn't as good of a movie either, and this new Bond game, Bloodstone
or whatever it was called, came out like two years after that.
People were not thinking about James Bond.
People were not looking for a James Bond game.
People were kind of looking at that going, what the hell is that?
What is this?
And on top of that, they released it one week, one week before Call of Duty Black Ops.
I mean, they knew it was gonna suck.
They knew it.
And so they just kind of set them up to fail, and they got rid of them.
By the way, there is a new Bond movie now coming out.
They finally confirmed they're gonna do a new Bond movie, and hopefully it'll be as
good as Casino Royale was, and I wonder who's gonna make the game tie in for that one.
Oh, it's gonna be Activision, because they had the lights to the Bond franchise.
But how did Goldeneye end up doing for him?
That did okay, I think.
Did it?
But I mean, come on, it's just Goldeneye.
All it is is Goldeneye re-skinned with Daniel Craig on it, and that's it.
It probably sold more than the other one, sadly.
That's not Bazaar's fault?
No, it's not Bazaar's fault.
Bazaar's fault, or there was really no fault to them anyways.
Yeah, they could have made the game as great as possible, but when you put it out a week
before fucking Call of Duty comes out, no one's gonna pay attention to that.
They're gonna be like, fuck that, I'm getting Call of Duty.
The biggest problem, I think, with Blur is that it came out the exact same time as Split
Second and Modnation Racers, and people just didn't want to buy all those racers.
And Red Dead Redemption.
So I mean, Blur, I'm sure, was a pretty good game, but it's just timing, and Activision
I don't think cares.
And it's just, it's frustrating.
Oh, and by the way, I don't remember if this was mentioned before, but remember that Seven
Studios, the one that put out that game Scratch, well yeah, Activision bought them and then
dissolved them.
So if you had any-
Did Scratch even ever come out?
Nope, it never came out, because they bought the studio, and then they fired them all.
So that's awesome.
Way to go Activision.
Way to get rid of your competition, that's something.
Alright, well, jeez, let's-
Oh, and then one more thing I was gonna mention too.
One other thing they said they weren't gonna put out this year, a new Tony Hawk game.
Because the last two Tony Hawk games were terrible, so finally they learned a little
bit.
No new Tony Hawk game this year.
All they need to do is go back to Pro Skater, and they'd be just fine.
Alright, I see you talking in our chat room, Dark Soccer, to the listeners about James
Bond.
Yeah, we were discussed, a couple of us had the same first Bond movie we saw in the theater.
That was A View to a Kill.
The 80s one, right, yeah.
With Duran Duran doing the intro, and Grace Jones.
Grace fucking Jones.
I love her.
Fierce, fierce human being.
Just like-
Vicious.
Vicious to the word fierce, and she invented fierce.
There is no other.
When you look in the dictionary, there's actually no words, it just automatically links you
mentally to Wikipedia about her.
They should've made- you know what?
That's how Bazaar could've sold a million billion of the Bond game, is just make it
all about Grace Jones.
There you go.
Now I have to go on Wikipedia and look up Grace Jones.
Alright, let's move on.
You know how they could've sold a ton of games?
What?
Smash Brothers Bond.
That'd be awesome.
Right.
Getting a little silly now.
Alright, uh, hey, the Xbox Live house party is coming very soon.
You might remember this is the whole little, uh, let's do the summer of arcade promotion
at a different time in the year.
Actually this is like their third one.
You know, seriously?
They need to host this with Kid N Play, I mean, I'm sorry, they need to dig them out
of wherever rehab center they're in, and just seriously.
I apologize if I'd taken someone's story later, I don't think I am, I don't think this is
coming up tonight, but there's been more and more furious rumors this week that Xbox is
planning on launching like a TV network within Xbox, which some time ago Conan was wooed
to be a part of before they decided to stick with something a little more traditional.
It would not be beyond all reason that Kid N Play could do some type of house party.
That sounds like, for some reason I'm just reminded of USA is up all night for some reason
when I run this year, I kind of hope if they do, do you end up having an Xbox network?
They have Xbox all night or something ridiculous, like fucking old school yo MTV raps, you know,
with fucking eighties rap stars and just covering, you know, re just music that's really old.
Imagine that Grace Jones was in a movie with Tim Curry was she really in 2001 that was
like the most fierce gay movie ever called wolf girl.
Sounds like apparently she was in Peewee's Playhouse Christmas special.
Awesome.
And in the Beastmaster.
Look, can I talk about the house party?
I realized Grace Jones was not invited to the house party, but I still want to talk
about some of the awesome games that are coming out.
It's all starts this week, February 16th, the first release comes out.
Hardcore uprising comes out first.
It's a game that is kind of like Contra.
It's really, really like Contra, but it's not $15 for that.
Bejeweled Blitz is the next game on February 23rd, 800 Microsoft points for that.
Beyond Good and Evil HD is on March 2nd for 800 Microsoft points.
Torchlight comes out on March 9th for 1200 Microsoft points.
And lastly, but not leastly, Full House Poker on March 16th for 800 points.
Is that the one versus 100 replacement or is that a different poker thing?
It's similar to the one versus 100, I guess, with poker.
Interesting.
Yeah, that's what I thought that was all about, but now they're going to chart.
It's not really free.
It is going to cost you.
It's going to cost you 800 points for that.
I am most looking forward to Absolutely a Torchlight.
I think Torchlight is an awesome game on the PC.
I'm kind of curious how they're going to translate that to console.
I think a lot is going to have to change in translation, so I'll be very curious about
that.
So, there you go.
The Xbox Live house party starting this week.
No Kid in Play this year.
Maybe next year.
What else you got for us besides links to Grace Jones' Wikipedias?
Well, now I'm reading about Studio 54.
Well, according to EA, 7% of mobile gaming is done on the toilet.
They did some research and this is actually from EA Mobile.
They basically said there were five different percentages of when people tend to play their
games.
They also went over some myths.
So according to the research, 47% of the time is people playing at home, 12% of that time
is during a commute, 14% while at work, 7% in the restroom, and 3% during school hours
and 1% at the airport.
Actually we have a clip of Dark Sakura playing on her mobile phone here.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
So there actually was a shirt that I almost got one time that says iPhone changed the
way I pee.
I thought that was pretty funny.
I used I I admit I used to play my you know phone sometimes at work
But I think this one might have actually been a little more appropriate for mobile gaming
Now
Oh now flush
Can I be real though? Let's let's be real. I'm kind of surprised the number isn't higher
I
Think that's only 7%
Namco is having a sale right now a
Variety of companies are having iPhone game sales right now where you can get a lot of like pretty good iPhone games really cheap
and one of the games I bought this week was pac-man championship edition and
You know it's it's a pretty faithful translation controls could be a little better
You know with like actual tangible buttons, but whatever, but I'll tell you I probably played most of that game. I
play a lot of solitaire on the toilet I
Will freely admit this my toilet game of choice solitaire and reading my facebook
Loki what's your favorite mobile game to play on the pooper? I don't play games on the toilet really really
I don't what do you do you just sit there and think?
It doesn't take that long
He probably doesn't have any bowel issues
I was gonna say like you know it doesn't take that long every night. I can put the game down
I'm gonna for that monster poop. I
mean seriously it's a I
Don't need but sometimes if I'm playing a mobile game
I kind of don't want to leave like you know Alan will be banging on the door you okay in there
You did you fall in you all right, and I'm just like no. I just I just beat level two
There was one other game that actually I
I
Did play extensively in the bathroom, and that was angry birds? It did walked by the bathroom and hearing the tweet noises
He's like are you playing that game in there again? Yes?
so
angry birds on the toilet oh
Here, but hey how about those other myths by the way hmm the myth the top mobile games are all casual
No they said that their biggest performers there was
Epics infinity blade and dead space which were at the top of the App Store and that one size game fits all platforms and not so
because
they're
the Android ones are specifically having to be redone for working on the Android and
Brands don't matter and he says yeah, they do the top iPhone games are all brands and
This is as good as it gets and he said no. There's gonna be better
I'll tell you sometimes I might choose to sit when I pee just to get one more level down and cut the rope
We don't need to know about your pee habits. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Maybe all right
Let's move on to something a little more wholesome. There's virtual flush and travel the world
Just load the vuvuzela app same thing all right
Let's move on to travel the world and talk about release dates, and what is coming out soon near you
And where you play these games is completely up to you
There's not a lot coming out this I will cut you I
will put that sitting on the toilet on repeat and
Blast it all right. Sorry. Sorry about that Loki very rude of us no no problem
Uh tomorrow we have a Dragon Quest 6 realms of revelation coming out on the Nintendo DS
which is pretty cool if you're looking for a
game with
Anthromorphic I guess
Consoles because they have a hyper dimension neptunia the special edition with an art book in there, but they have
chicks
Not really
Resembling consoles, but representing different consoles in that game, and it's like the console wars for real. That's on PlayStation 3
Brunswick Poirot bowling on the
Xbox 360 with Kinect and that's gonna be coming out this week as well
Marvel vs. Capcom 3 on
PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360
Definitely worth picking up that someone. I know had it early cuz
Mmm. Yeah, I have special connections in my new gym
The Gears of War triple packs come out this week in case you haven't played any of those games
And you want to catch up before the new one comes out by the way. How is it Oh?
Marvel vs. Capcom 3 yeah, it's fucking awesome. Okay. Yes awesome. It's all about Deadpool. He's just
Freaking sweet oh and by the way
Shuma graph and
Jill Valentine
Unlock content there's a key for the download content. It's not
Download content of course. It's paid unlock content actually. I don't think it's pay
I think it's just time delayed for people that don't have
Special editions. Oh all right whatever, but it may be pay maybe we'll see
Okay other things amnesia on PC coming out this week dance paradise on Xbox 360 and also supporting connect
I hear it's terrible though
Keep that in mind
Dungeons on PC
Ease one and two chronicles. I'm sorry that's actually getting into next week
But that will be coming out on PSP next week's or the week after next that's it
Alright going on to Japanese release dates, and what's coming out in Japan this week
Well Marvel vs.
Capcom 3 is getting its release in Japan this week as well that'll be out on the Xbox 360 this week
Also on the 360 this week two worlds to the Japanese version and a game called Catherine
This is a game from Atlas that is coming out
It's the personas team first game for the HD system, so it's about
Vincent is a wishy-washy salary man a little too afraid to be tied down
Facing the appeals of marriage from his longtime girlfriend Catherine all he wanted to do is to escape and one night
He succeeded into the arms of the of the beautiful young Catherine. There's Catherine with a K and Catherine with a C
That's this this sounds good kind of weird, but it could be kind of awesome to it
It is a strategy game, and there's like these guys with sheep heads. It's kind of a scary game like when you say persona
I think oh, it's gonna be the preenies, but no this is like a
No, it's a creepy erotic game
sort of hot
I like night trap all over again all right moving on to the
PlayStation 3 and the release is coming out over there on the PlayStation 3 of course
Catherine gets a release there as well as well as Marvel vs.
Capcom 3 Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2 is getting a price reduction this week if you haven't checked that out and
Two worlds 2 also on the PlayStation 3 this week so lots of cross-platform love this week moving on to the
Nintendo Wii this week nothing there is nothing on the Wii this week, but next week
There's a Gundam game
We'll get to that next week also the 3ds is just around the corner in Japan only a couple weeks away
And for those you guys that are probably gonna be importing that over here as well in fact
I don't know what this is but one of the games on 3ds is showing up this week
Like I don't know if they just want people to buy it early or what's going on, but um haku yoki zusoroku
DS comes out this week me. That's one of those things like unlock something extra on the 3ds who knows I don't know
and
on the Sony
PSP if you're sad about guitar hero having gone under you might be a fan of this series DJ max
Portable 3 is a very big release for the music game fans this week on the PSP that is in regular and limited edition
also monochrome and
My Mary may with be get price reductions this week
That's really what it's called, but DJ max portable 3 look at that all the great kpop songs in a beat mania
esque style interface, but on your PSP
Definitely a lot of cult fan. There will be a lot of people listening to the show that import that game
I am sure that's it for Japanese release dates. How about
Overseas in the old country a few things we have on the 16th hardcore uprising on
PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and
We also have on the 18th
crash time for our Xbox 360 death smiles and
Then Marvel vs. Capcom 3 we also have pop cap hits
Marvel vs. Capcom 3 and death smells is pretty cool
I think I know what a lot of people will be playing this week death smiles no
Marvel vs. Capcom 3 is totally worthy by the way
Well, that's right. You had a chance to check it out early too. Huh? What'd you think worthy?
but Tatanoko
vs. Capcom fighting scheme not as great
interesting really
Yeah, I wasn't too fond of that when I played Tatsunoko vs. Capcom. It's very mash friendly
Hey sounds good for me. I love button mashing
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys, then we're gonna get to the classic game of the week
But we're not there just yet Loki
Sony's claiming that the Gran Turismo Academy
Yet one little
Event contest that they have going on right now where people race and report their times
I guess the Gran Turismo 5 on different tracks for different specific categories
With a chance to win a spot as a real race driver
apparently they say round two was ruined by cheaters and
Won't count so they're moving everybody the round three, but here's how they claim it was
Cheated apparently the track has a nice little s turn in it and so people were cutting corners in the track driving off-road
You
Know it's a design the track
It wasn't actually something that people use like a mod or something like that to cheat in they were just cutting corners off-road
That's cheating
Well, they're like putting real bracing you we've got a penalty for that
Well, maybe somebody spent a long making their game should have penalized exactly
Maybe if you had spent all that time, you know perfecting your game
Maybe you should have I don't know added a penalty for cutting the track like that. It's interesting though
Like I realize Gran Turismo is supposed to be like the real-deal racing simulator and all that but like games like Mario Kart and shit
And even things like blur you're kind of encouraged to do shit like that or burnout especially burnout
Off-roading is is encouraged and rewarded. You know, I mean if you can get a game fuel that entire fucking game was off-roading
You know, I mean, it's not even a glitch. I mean, it's just a part of the track you cutting out the track
Yeah, it seems
Seems a little silly to throw
That that's what I have to say about that. I think your competition's stupid. Although it's interesting because isn't the like
Prize or whatever for winning the competition like to race a real car
I hope that they race on that track with the s-curve and drive the fucker off-road. Well, that'd be hilarious
Maybe they don't want people that are gonna do that
I'm gonna do that. Anyways, that's what I would do. I'd drive that thing straight into a wall
Oh expensive car crash. You might also get set on fire and I don't think you really want that you have a fire suit
It's fine. I
Don't know
Around three though this start on Monday. So whatever. We'll see how people cheat on that real soon. Yeah
Alright, let's move on to
Some more stories for you guys and then we're gonna get into the classic game of the week
which of course is dark soccer diving into the vault and
Finding a game that she thinks you guys should be playing but first off a story real quick on
Dead Space 2 and I think this is kind of interesting because
There's this gamer and his name is Gareth Garrett. I think I hope I'm saying that correctly
He is a gamer who happens to have cerebral palsy
And he wanted there to be more
Customizable controls in this game because what he's trying to do is he's trying to play this game on his PC
and he has to use his chin to move the mouse and
Unfortunately, he's not able to walk forward with the mouse and you know
This is kind of the bummer with a lot of games that have custom or don't have customizable controls
There's a lot of times they're customized really weird and people want to change them
so
He thought it's a little weird the Dead Space 2 doesn't allow me to do this when tons and tons and tons of games do
Allow me to do it and they went and they made an internet petition
20,000 players signed this petition and
visceral games who made a Dead Space 2 says we hear you and
executive producer Steve Pappoutis
Sorry, if I said that wrong said that there will be a PC version patch
Enabling full control remapping it will be coming out soon
There is some full remarks that were made
the Dead Space 2 team is aware of the issue that disabled players are having with Dead Space 2 PC in fact a number of
Folks on our team is are so passionate about getting this fix done that they are currently working hard to allow players to remap key
Bindings to the mouse which should help disabled players. Enjoy the game
That's very cool. I'm glad that they listened especially with that reason being in place a little silly
It wasn't there the first time hello customizable controls is a very standard thing in this day and age. However
Maybe this lesson will help other developers learn it, right? There's there's a lot of games though that really need to have I
Still you remember how pissed off I got the very very first time
I played World of Warcraft and found I couldn't use my mouse. Uh-huh or controller
Oh, yeah, because I've been playing Final Fantasy 11 on a controller and I've been playing PSO on a controller
so
They should oh, they should just allow any kind of custom controller to work. I think there's a mod for
Warcraft where you can use a controller, but it's not officially supported
keyboard now, but
But I I mean, I really think that that games need to not limit people in how they can control right that if
You can map anything out on a keyboard
Then you should be able to map it out on a gamepad as well and I think it's all this this type of story is a very
Humbling thing I think too for the developers who have to kind of stop and go. Oh, yeah
Not everybody is
This fortunate as I am to have every you know, the ten fingers and ten toes doing you know
what they what it does, you know what I mean, so it's
It's a little bit humbling and just a reminder
Customizable controls go a long way in helping more people play your game
All right, let's move on to a segment. We do here every week on orange lounge radio
It's a chance for dark soccer to dive through the vault
Find a video game that she says hey you ungrateful kids
Hey, listen. Hey, listen, stop watching those crappy Grammys get off my lawn and
Play this classic game right now dark soccer
What is the classic human week?
The game is star Perotia, which I had the hardest time finding because a lot of places romanize it as Perotier
Which makes sense because it's a parody of star soldier and I've talked about this game before but I haven't used it as a classic
Game, I checked. All right. Let's take a look
I love the music in this game, by the way. At any rate, you can tell it's all, you know, CD audio
Because this was on the PC Engine CD-ROM as I said, it's parody of star soldier
which is sort of in the same vein as Proteus, but I don't think it's as silly as Proteus and it only came out in Japan and
They were going to be bringing it out in North America as fan as a star soldier, but they did not
It actually had a release through the virtual console in Europe on May 16th 2008 and
Of course, it was released in America on August 11th 2008. So you guys can actually play this game now
It's pretty funny. So it's a vertically scrolling shooter like the star soldier games and
has the collecting power-ups to create your weapons and
different bosses and mini bosses and you know horizontal shooting, you know with your
vehicle of choice this one also has a
High-score time attack mode that were in star soldier, but now for the parody part
It's really cutesy has very cartoony type of graphics and not very violent like
when you kill an enemy, they don't die they just wave white flags and
You can choose one of three different vehicles
you can choose the para Caesar from star soldier or a giant flying bomber man or
A PC Engine that shoots hue cards and CD-ROMs at the enemies
This game is super adorable cute. I
I love this game and I remember when my friend we were visiting my friend who lived in Berkeley at the time
Like right now they're finding the origami monster. Hey, it looks like one of those tangrams. Yeah
But a friend of ours, you know was breaking out the most bizarre for PC Engine collection and saying play this and it's pretty fun
This is actually one. I'm looking for a legit. I have a copy of it
but it's a fun little game and
And I mean, it's just I love parody games. I love games that are fun
You know good solid games that don't take themselves too seriously. I
mean, I love the proteus series a lot more than this obviously, but
This one's just really fun
And on top of that I like that all the little guys that they talk to in the intro a little bomber man guys
And they're outfitting a PC Engine, you know big smiley face with a copy of Superstar Soldier. So it'll fight
It's pretty funny. I have a little sexy lady standing on the stage in the background there
Like I think one of the enemies you fight in this is like a black bomber man
And all kinds of stuff. It's really a fun little game and I love the music in it. The music's great
There's the giant fish. I think that's who's played who plays a maraca apparently. Yeah, it plays maracas. All righty
So yeah, it's totally worth it. You can get it on virtual console. I totally recommend it. It's
Officially listed as star protea. I learned it as star protea. So
It doesn't matter. It's written as
Stop food. Oh, yeah. All right. There it is your classic game of the week star protea protea or whatever you want to say
soldier
And it is available on virtual console. Yes, it is an America came out again on
August 11th 2008. All right
There you have it your classic game of the week and now as a part of the show
We're gonna take a quick break, but don't go anywhere guys. We're gonna come right back
We got a lot more stories to talk about in part B tonight
Including a very interesting story about possible serial numbers coming to PlayStation 3 games
Of course the F use of the week the mailbag mailbag orange laundry calm and your Twitter topics last chance to get those in you guys
Twitter.com slash OLR be sure to follow us on Twitter so you can interact with the show and send us your story suggestions
Alright, so we're gonna take a break. We'll be right back with more of orange lounge radio
You
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio on this Sunday the February 13th of
2011 or 2011 whatever it is you prefer we're up against the Grammys tonight
But whatever all the good stuff will be on YouTube later
Anyway, that doesn't stop some of our live people from kind of watching it with one eye and listening to this show with their ears
Or what have you we're still here
You know kind of moving away at the gaming news from the week
And we're gonna get into the Twitter topics real soon a chance for you guys to interact with us here live on the show
Some rapid-fire news of course in a moment as well
Maybe more talk about Marvel vs. Capcom 3
I don't know, but first a little update on our spin-off shows if you like orange on radio
You might like some of our other shows to dark Sakura. What is your spin-off show that you have going on now?
Well, we'd exactly say it's a spin-off
but
Whatever the other show you do
Comic insanity and today we had a special guest on the show
We had PJ Perez who is the publisher for pop goes the icon
very cool and
I also host this with Mar and Marvel or as we all know her as Tiara and
Shadow or Dan shadow or whichever name he's deciding to go by this week
Nice, so we we we go live on Tuesday at infamous NF a mo us dotnet awesome
It's been off show that I do is called the best little horde house and Azeroth or horde house for short if you're a fan
Of World of Warcraft you'll probably like this show
It's myself and extra for being really lulsy about the game and this week was some PvP centric talk
So if you are into PvP at all you might want to check out this week's show
But of course all the Warcraft news and everything going on in the world of Warcraft on horde house. Check it out on it
It's very fun. We're not cool enough to have a website yet. Maybe someday. All right
Let's get into some rapid-fire news some quick quick stuff that just didn't make the show
Otherwise and definitely your last chance to get those Twitter topics in we'll be getting those right after the quick fire news stories
All right
Well project M a kind of a homebrew effort to make Super Smash Brothers brawl play a little bit more like Super Smash Brothers
Melee
Has released its first demo now
What's kind of cool about this hack is it doesn't require that you have any sort of mods done to your system
all you need to do is dump it onto a SD card and
Pop it into your
Wii and away you go
so you can download that from project M's website, which is project M that smash mods calm and
I believe that you do need a card though. That is less than two gigs in size in order to be able to have the thing
work
Yeah, check it out. It's
really more for like kind of the hardcore Malik player because there's a lot of
Tweaks and stuff in there that most average people probably wouldn't get so
That is out there to check out
In case you have a
Netflix disc for your
PlayStation Wii well, unfortunately, it's not gonna work after February 16th and
I
Guess you know, they're gonna
Send out they send out an email to all the members saying that the disc will cease to function and that's it. So oh
Well, but of course you can always download the streaming software via the Wii shop channel because that's why they're getting rid of
This there is another option for you. So
Be sure to do that if you want to still stream stuff on your Wii and then finally
So cool stuff coming to Rock Band via the Rock Band Network some tracks from Super Meat Boy are making its way out
And these are coming from Danny
Baron Ouski
he did the soundtrack for Cannibal and Super Meat Boy and the tracks that are confirmed to be coming the
Battle of little slugger
Kano salt and those are going to be released as
Remixed extended versions and then the beat is blues will get him. I guess a retro remix for that release
That's gonna be awesome because the music from Super Meat Boy is great. Yes, just saying
It's gonna be probably some really hard stuff. Yes
In fact their comment or his comment was I wanted to have some stuff in there for people who delight in 100% teen
expert dragon force
Give you an idea how hard it's gonna be nice
All right, awesome and they're expected sometime after February 15th, very cool
All right. Well, let's get to some other news and this kind of sorta has to do with that same thing except
It's not Super Meat Boy. It's Rock Band and what is coming out this week on Rock Band?
the good news is despite all of the stuff that's going on with
Guitar hero Rock Band is still kicking with some expansions and I like this this week is the February
heartache duets pack
Which I think is great which includes Bonnie Tyler's total eclipse of the heart
I can think of no better duets than that one. That's do we have pretty awesome leader Ford?
No, we do have an emotion with obsession. So these cool Bonnie
Bob Bo B with Haley Williams with airplanes
I don't like the paramore chicken human league with don't you want me lady antebellum would need you now
Stevie Nicks would stop dragging my heart around. Oh, no, that's a good one by far the coolest
No, this just blows all the others out of the water. You ready?
paradise by the dashboard light by meatloaf
Outstanding absolutely outstanding, but we just cured sure me out with that list
Well, this might be something even sure me could enjoy
It's hitting the blogs this week about a three-year-old named Oliver Smith who was playing a game on the Nintendo
We that his mom bought him Victoria's the mom's name the game is on the European version of the Wii
It's called countdown, which is based off a television show that they have over in Britain and basically you unscramble words
You know they show up in whatever format, and then you unscramble them
Yeah, the kid got a word
shah
S I T E D and you know what that unscrambled into
You know shitheads. That's right shitheads
So this little three-year-old got exposed to that word and of course according to the angry mother
I couldn't believe my eyes as the world was as the word was slowly unveiled as an obscene insult
Oliver is a really bright kid, and we play this game to help him build up his word bank
He was already asking what the word meant
Nice
Somebody let that one slip by in the dictionary whoops
But if you expose your children to it early, then it's not as special older, and they won't be as inclined to say it
And this last one god. I don't even really want to report on it
But it's just kind of sad because of everything we have going on guitar hero and all that yep karaoke revolution glee volume 2
It's coming
20 more songs
From part 2 wow and one only 20
That's that that's some effort right there. Yep. Yeah, I can even see in one of the little screen caps here
Can't touch this I wonder what song that could be
Yep, so if you like glee
This is them all dressed up as Lady Gaga, so I want your love so you can sing to bad romance
whatever
whatever
big whatever
Dark soccer, what do you have for us a?
Bunch of crap actually not crap
Final Fantasy 1 & 2 is coming to PlayStation Network in Europe, and it will be 7 pound 99 and
They're going to be the UMD versions that came out in 2008
which as far as I recall weren't very great and
Then there's going to be a new DDR game for iOS. It's going to
Be dance dance revolution freedom, and it is free and has four songs
And I like that the tap to start as a thumbprint. That's actually cool
but I
Don't know it looks interesting. Maybe I'll give it a try if it's free why not shoot and then
It looks like our fading arcade infinity is actually for real closing its doors
So they're gonna be closed on February 26 as opposed to fake closing their doors like we had a couple months ago
yeah, they're closing on February 26 2011 and
They it's actually LA County denied their application for business license extension
So
They have to close the county wants them to close shop
Pay for a new license and wait for all of the hearings and City Council votes in
In order for it to stay open which could take a up to eight months. Why did they have like such?
Like what's their problem with this arcade? I mean seriously. It's like they hate them
Well, they're saying it's not the money. It's just how long AI would have had to remain closed so
It's going away. I hate you LA
Officially well, that's just it's you know we haven't talked about this when the news came up the first time
It's just kind of sad to hear about these arcades closing. You know what I mean, so no, but
I'm sure there'll be no a shortage of little arcades where ticket-spitting machines come out and all that stuff whatever
Let's move in to the Twitter topics
Every week you guys send us your tweets at twitter.com slash O L R. We like to read some of our favorites here on the show
So getting into some of the tweets sent to us tonight. There's a few gosh
There's tons of tweets tonight, and I getting into the first tweet here from eternal rapture says
Listening live for the first time tonight because I live in the UK. I'm staying up till 5 a.m.. For you guys
It's way past your bedtime. I hope it's a three-day weekend or something
Act F tweets us and says since Bobby yet to won the Grammy it was nominated for I think it's only fair to have it on
Ol ours. I love this song this week. Don't you think so yes? I'm all for having like actual content on the website
That would be amazing so
moving on
seg
Sending us a tweet saying the only relevant Grammy news
I'm sorry is that it oh no is tweet us the only relevant Grammy news is Christopher Tinn winning one for Baba yet to
From Civ for which is very relevant. I agree as extremely relevant
Glad to hear it
All right
Jake Jake ll sends us. Sorry. That's spam tweet
Get an NFL game for free who cares
Let's see
Blue swim sends us a tweet here saying Loki have you seen the new earth defense force insect Armageddon trailer pesticide gun
No, I haven't seen it yet. Well. How about that blue swim sends us a link to that little video right here
So we can take a look at it hold on let me pause this and turn this up
No, it sucks about that game is it's been delayed
In a game god damn it the fact is delayed to June
You mad
Yes, I am not mad with disappointed and a couple from Tiger Claw here
I guess a Plants vs. Zombies board game is actually happening. What a board game
That's a little strange, but kind of not surprising a lot of this stuff usually crosses over into other worlds
So yeah, there's a Plants vs. Zombies board game. It was spotted at Toy Fair 2011
it's going to be a two to four player game with 80 zombie guards cards excuse me 40 plant cards and
Different game boards on which you place these plants and battle the various zombies
You know I got to play that on an iPad. Yeah the other day, and I wanted an iPad after that
the iPad works a little better those versions than the
Other ones anyhow also a tweet from Tiger Claw telling us that the world of Starcraft mod
You remember this this was somebody taking Starcraft 2 and making a custom mod in it
That was world of Starcraft and Blizzard did not take too kindly to this we talked about this on Hoard House a little bit
This week it is now called Starcraft universe
So it has a name that I guess is a little less threatening to Blizzard or what now Sony gets pissed off
We'll see so yeah, it has its name changed and there you go and
Lastly SSJ100 Matt says his tweet tonight saying resident hockey fan with some hockey game news
NHL 2k11 is available now for the iPad for $5 so if you're into hockey check that out
You know it's not blades of steel though that that will always be the best hockey game as far as I'm concerned
There you go
Last time we got a couple last-minute tweets
I'll read these silver Sonic tweets us on Twitter and saying I just linked this in the chat room
But did you hear the story of the 11 year old boy in the UK that spent 1 million pounds on?
Xbox live no I didn't he links us the story here, I guess
the 11 year old kid
Racked up a 1,000 pound debt on the debit card through the Xbox
He bought accessories and new games on the consoles after it saved details of a previously registered card
It's hard to get those cards off there. Yeah, it is
Wow
but I mean
Why is she kind of letting the kid run rampant with this?
There's this little picture where her and the kid are kind of posing together looking all I don't know
I don't want to say all kind of frumpy I guess and
what's interesting is that he I guess she showed the thing to the kid and
When he when she says when I showed him he burst into tears he unplugged the Xbox and said he didn't want it anymore
I haven't punished him because he feels bad enough, and I know he won't do it again. I
I don't know though. I don't work at two jobs, and I'm a single mother
Why did you put the card in the house
Parental things that they can you know enable to where you can disable live purchases, right? Well, yeah
You know if you don't pay attention on how to set you know controls on your consoles
And you can only blame yourself for when someone spends money on
Don't pretend. Oh, I didn't know
That's it for tweet tweets tonight twitter.com slash olr if you want to follow us on Twitter and send us some tweets for next week
Let's move on with some more gaming news Loki
Have no patience for those type of people
This is kind of ironic. I guess someone suing Sony this time so Sony suing other people
apparently LG has
You know sent a lawsuit to Sony regarding their system the PlayStation 3
They claimed that certain electronic devices having a blu-ray disc player and components
They're violates four of its patents and that includes
I guess a lot of devices like Bravia TVs, but the only piece of hardware
I guess they were singling out was the PlayStation 3 and they actually have a specific model, which is the 100 and gate
hundred and sixty gigabyte system that says
They filed the complaint with the US International Trade Commission
Which has the power to block imports of products that violate US patents and says ensure LG is looking to
Have the ITC keep the ps3s off American shores
They said they've also filed a civil suit against Sony in federal court in California
Making similar claims and seeking cash compensation for unauthorized use of its inventions
Interesting very
It's kind of funny though. And now I think of it because wasn't Sony the one that came up with like the blu-ray format
Anyways, I thought they were the ones that kind of developed that stuff. I could be very wrong on that though. But um, oh
well karma bitch
Sony is just loving the litigation thing lately. I don't know
Yeah, I said you're in California suing the pants off people that really don't need to be in California
Then might as well get sued yourself. Sounds good
Keeps busy
All right
Well moving on with this this rumor just never stops
This rumor is always around and it's when is Apple getting into gaming when is Apple getting into gaming?
It's kind of like well, they're already in gaming if you consider the iPhone, but okay, how about the consoles?
When are they gonna get back into consoles? Cuz I guess you could say the Pippin but I think Apple would rather not talk about
That but yeah
I
One of the rumors that keeps coming up is the Apple TV because you know
they've sold this device for very cheap and it's kind of way to get Apple connected to your television and
Now the rumors are coming up again that perhaps Apple TV games are more real than you think but how?
Let me put it this way the Apple TV isn't even powerful enough to run games on it
I mean, I know it's I think it's uh
Intel atom
CPU but I mean is that
Comparable to like an iPod or something or iPhone. I mean can can they run?
I mean would they even be able to have the horsepower to do that?
I don't think you'd be talking top-of-the-line stuff here
I don't think you'd be playing exactly Gears of War on one of these things, but maybe either some type of
device between your iPhone and this like maybe you can talk to the iPhone and kind of like
God, which a PSP is supposed to do with ps3 where you beam images from one source to the other
That makes sense
That would be cool
now if you could stream games from say your iPod or iPhone or something like that and then play them on the Apple TV with a
Controller right a physical controller. Mm-hmm. Although
At the same time or just like a physical controller for my iPod would be awfully nice
They actually had that there was stuff that they cover but they were selling this device
I was for like 80 bucks or someone's a Bluetooth device actually snaps onto your iPod or actually is even for any
Mobile device that supports Bluetooth, but it had like kind of a you know a PlayStation setup
You know directional pad two analogs and you know four buttons or whatever
Could I use my remote control as a tangible controller perhaps? I don't know
Well, wait, I didn't even tell you where this rumor comes from and because you're gonna laugh at this
This is why this is a rumor all over again. There's beta code out there for the new iOS
4.3 because you know, they regularly do updates to iOS and so forth. Well 4.3 apparently in the code references
ATV games and people think that means Apple TV because ATV and
The code I guess also talks about
controllers of some sort
leaderboards
scheduling games and of course a storefront I
Mean this news isn't like shocking. I think this is kind of one of those matter-of-time types of things
But it's interesting to see what sort of things they have planned
I think there would be a new Apple TV that would help facilitate this
We'll see the price points awfully nice of the Apple TV
You mean if they're trying to get people to bring it in as like a game console true hell if they even drop the price
Like say another 20 bucks 79 99 that would be pretty, you know appealing to people that aren't necessarily
You
Know into gaming and the other thing which would be kind of cool and I'm not too sure on the whole
I don't know too much about the Apple TV other than the fact that you can stream shit from your PC your Apple or you
Know iTunes or whatever to it and stuff. Can you run apps on there already on the Apple TV can like I say
Browse Google or something, you know do Facebook and stuff like that
You can do on like the iPods and the iPhones and stuff. Can you do that stuff already?
on Apple TV
You can do
The song. Yeah, I think you can do like movies and stuff. I think so
Okay, well you can do movies, but you can't run like apps. You can't do like no Facebook or anything. No, okay
So that would be interesting if they did that because then they would be trying to compete with like Google TV and stuff like that
I think and if you throw gaming in there, that could be interesting seeing as it's way cheaper than Google TV. I
Don't know it would be smart for them to do that if they're that's because it gets people to bring that shit into the house
You know for the gaming and then they can sell them on
Hey, look, you can you know, we could buy TV shows or you can buy this this could be a real stretch here
But maybe this is part of what the whole iPad 2 thing has to do with because you know
We haven't heard a lot out of iPad 2
Besides that it's supposed to have this front-facing camera and might have the nice retina display. Maybe we haven't even we were haven't really heard
Anything but a bunch of rumors, but you know, there'll be that inevitable press conference at some point. So
Could this maybe tie into that somehow they were saying even that
the
3.4
Or was it 4.3? I'm sorry the new
New firmware where it was supposed to be coming out this week from what I heard or that was rumored like the 15th
All right, well we will see what develops of this whenever they decide to do another press conference over at Apple and announce what all
The lemmings will be buying next
Which will probably include myself. Don't get me wrong Dark Sakura. What do you have for us in the meantime?
Well, it looks like there has been an alleged Dance Central 2 survey
that
might be looking at a
feature list
so basically
Kotaku says that it has an email survey for Microsoft Game Studios that has a list of those features that it's in
pre-production and that it would have the ability to create custom dances and play as backup dancers or singers and
Then you can replay entire sequences and get specific feedback on your dancing
and then they're also having a fitness mode and an online offline multiplayer contest and
That you will have a social aspect to it
so
God, does this mean that you can put a video of yourself like dancing through captured via the Kinect?
I don't know like somehow automatically just
Sounds kind of scary to me a little bit
Well, you know they want that whole community thing and after all they've been you know
Doing the first party Kinect games and take pictures of you, which I'm surprised you can't share those pictures
You know with like Facebook and stuff
At least I'm unaware that you can
easily
Because I would think that they would want to do something like that and wasn't there some sort of feature that was supposed to be
Coming where we can do screenshots from games and stuff like that and like share them on Facebook and that kind of crap
Because wasn't there like when they were talking about the whole Facebook integration stuff and it's like hey look
I just you know, blah blah blah in Tiger Woods and here's a screenshot of me hitting the hole in one or some crap
This is kind of where gaming is going more and more and you know
We start talking about the next generation of consoles
Don't be surprised if this whole social network stuff is even more so a part of it
This doesn't really surprise me at all. I'm kind of surprised with rock band 3
That seems to be like one of the things they left out
I was always convinced that rock band 3 was gonna have a whole like upload your performance
I think like sing sing star have the sing star has that sing star has that and Def Jam rap star has that come on Konami you've
Got components for a good game in there
It just doesn't really do any rap stars one of the better music games has been put out recently. It really is
It's just it's they have the potential. They're just like
Do it
This is kind of disappointing I suppose
Um crisis 2 has been leaked online including multiplayer
it's not the final version of the game, but it's a near final build of the game including multiplayer and
also
apparently I
guess that there's
some other things including that
It doesn't have the DRM on it that there's a way to bypass it and that kind of stuff
I believe there are some stuff that's placeholder in it like some of the sound effects some of the assets are missing
but it is quite playable and
Is floating around out there for those unscrupulous types that may want to download that and check it out
Or you could you know support the game
Or you can do them also all the dev tools are included with it, too
So that's kind of which means that came from the inside
Well, yeah, it's development copy obviously came from the inside
That's got to be frustrating though for the company as a whole like what a way to kind of screw over your co-workers
It's a month before it comes out. Awesome
Yikes, they're gonna have to be doing some damage control on that. Yeah, it
That I think the the same thing happened with the last crisis game as well that it leaked out before it came out
I remember I
Remember that it did and I just didn't care though because I was a time when I actually was building computer for crisis
and
So I actually got crisis with my graphics card that came with my computer. So it wasn't such a big deal for me, but
That's gotta suck. It's I mean
It would have sucked even more if it was on consoles
Because that would have been terrible. But let's see here. I was just gonna read there was a
They're talking about comments though. What's not exactly working in it and stuff?
Apparently
Let's see, there's yeah assets missing there's temporary
Sounds and stuff for certain things and it's buggy
Which is not surprising
Hmm
Well, I don't know you think this could be damaging for the entire series in the future
I mean could this jeopardize I mean could this jeopardize more than just crisis to
Well, no, but I think that they definitely need to make sure that they
What they should have done is
If they are having people internally working on this stuff that they should maybe watermark them so that they know where they came from
You know like movie studios and stuff like that do that with film
Copies it sent out to theaters that way if they see a pirated one on the internet
They can go and find you know, the watermarks that are hidden within it and go
Okay, this came from such and such theater now. We know who to go kill, you know same with this
This is a development copy. It got leaked from the inside. So you got to find out who leaked it. I
I I'm just imagining what the temporary sounds are like
Like you shoot somebody goes. I don't think it's anything like that
I think if it's anything it's probably stuff from the original crisis game, you know
Just like stuff like that if I was a developer, I'd put in funny sounds too as my placeholders. I
Kind of want to check out the game though, honestly though, cuz I like the first one
I just couldn't finish it cuz it was so goddamn buggy
Mm-hmm
It's why I'm picking up the next one console though Xbox 360 all the way
All right
well one more story for you guys before we get into some of the other segments here about the
This is kind of along the same lines because this could be an effect we might see in the future for this whole piracy
I don't know. I'm just saying companies are doing what they want to do and this is about
PlayStation 3 games possibly
Getting serial numbers now, this is some sources that we're speaking with the site PS 3 cents, which is Dutch
Sony is going to implement a
Serial code security system for future ps3 game releases
This would be very similar to what you already know on PC titles
you get a long code that comes in the box you have to enter that in in order to play the game or install the
Game and that code can be used on up to five consoles
Now, of course folks are saying well, you're just basically
Slowing down the inevitable people are gonna find ways to hack around those serial number requirements
Anyway, and then you just piss off those folks that buy this stuff legitimately and you've just killed the use market as well
So awesome. I hope they don't do that because that's it's just dumb
What's interesting is that Kotaku actually called Sony on this for comments and Sony told them we are looking at a few options
Not ready to confirm our next steps. Oh, yes. They are looking in flat-out. Deny it
Yeah, if they would have said we don't comment or you know, no, that's not something we're doing
Yeah, they are looking at that as an option
So awesome that that's a terrible idea because I can tell you right now those serial codes really stop people hacking PC games
I mean that stuff gets broken like a day after it comes out. So I'm sorry that is
Terrible as a terrible idea
I
Yeah, yeah, and you know what the problem with that is and it's not even gonna necessarily stop piracy
It's gonna stop people buying your console is what it's gonna do. It's gonna stop people
Especially people, you know, like the hardcore gamers out there that have multiple consoles. You know what? Fuck it
I'm just not gonna buy this game on the ps3
I will buy it on the Xbox 360 or whatever other consoles are out there. I kind of I agree
That's exactly what's gonna happen because I think Sony would be surprised how fast word is gonna travel like that
And if you know it starts to get out there
Well, you can't sell back your used games so they don't sell for as much you can't let friends borrow your games
I can't do anything piracy on their games sell three is not a huge
I mean, let's put it this way the Xbox 360 has had piracy on it for a
Very long time. You don't see them going to dramatic, you know, very drastic measures like this
You know whereas ps3 piracy is just kind of getting around
And it's kind of cumbersome because blu-ray rips aren't exactly the smallest things to download
I mean, it's we're talking like, you know, some games being 20 to 50 gigs in size. That's not
Convenient for a lot of people to just download and pirate granted it people could do it
and there are people out there that will do it, but
it's a lot of
The hoops that jump through basically and to go this route and kind of punish everybody that owns a ps3
It's a really dumb idea. I mean if they think it's necessary then great go go that route
But don't be surprised that there's a huge backlash over it
I'm looking at our chat room at chat that orange lounge rated calm to try and see some of the comments here
Gamer girl in our term says dude, that doesn't surprise me. They're trying to put serial numbers on humans now, too. So
That might be a little bit too sci-fi for me. I don't know
Let's see Frisbee says more of a reason for me not to buy a PlayStation 3 and its products
dark Tetsuya says why is it the Earth's measures only seem to harm the legit users and
Read the haze says rumors from no-name site something plausible from a no-name site
Well, you never know, you know, there's been things we've reported on in the past that
You know, they call us a no-name site
So, you know whatever like I know we're not on the a-list of internet gaming websites
We're more like on the f-list, which is fine if but their console gets completely hacked open anyways
You know assuming they lose this court case and it sets some sort of precedent or whatever that jailbreaking a console is okay. I
Mean, let's just say that they do implement some sort of serial code or whatever that can be tracked
I mean right now people have found ways to get past even the you know
Firmware checks because the newest firmware that's out there obviously breaks all the hacks that are out there
Well people have found ways around that even and they're still able to connect to the PlayStation Network
so if they can find a way around that they could probably find a way around the authentication thing and
Then it doesn't even matter and on top of all that
How the hell are you gonna work that authentication thing in to people that don't have access to?
Online if your console is not connected to the internet, then you can't play your damn game that you bought so
How's that gonna work I?
Can say this for a business
Looking into something is not the same thing as implementing it and I think that they're smart to look at their options
But if they do implement it then that's when it gets stupid
They they do kind of owe it to these third parties that you know some of them having a lot of problems
You know we just reported on that crisis story or whatever. They do kind of owe it to them to keep their system safe, so
No
Alright, well, let's get to the mailbag and every week you guys send us emails and dark soccer likes to dive into the email bag
And read some of her favorite emails, so dark soccer. I want you to get to it
Well today's emails. Oh you actually just got one more while I decided to check, so I'm gonna read it to you
We got a lot of emails today Rob
Which I guess is good in contrast to how it's been before
Hey, Olr. This is red the haze longtime listener since 2007 if this email makes you in time for
Makes you in time for your February 13th show as to I'm typing this last minute
I called for the first time last week on your 400th show to congratulate you and I spoke about the Super Bowl sorry Super Bowl
And I would like to apologize to you guys about that
Olr is one of my favorite podcasts, and I felt bad in talking about something not game related or even food related
So I came up with a last-minute gaming question
My question is this I'm about to join the Air Force soon when I finish basic training and go to tech school
I won't be able to game on the consoles for a while and only be allowed to have a laptop or PC
Can you guys recommend a gaming laptop or pre-built PC and some PC gaming controllers since the wire 360 controllers d-pad is crap
For some emulator action I would also I would say right away probably the best gaming specific laptops out there are the alien
There's you're gonna pay some money for them. I'll say that might not be the best option though. It's super expensive to do that
Let me say just right off the top of my head. Those are probably the best
Laptops for gaming other than that as they build it yourself. I I would just look at what the specs are different laptops
I know everybody likes alien aware as a gaming laptop
But they're fucking expensive and seriously, like I have an aces Republic of gamers laptop or whatever works great for games
It's I mean the one I bought to preach, you know low-end, but you know, I can run Grand Theft Auto in it
Which is a very un I guess
It it could use some work as far as enhancing the game
Spec wise make a run crisis fine chugs on Grand Theft Auto, but um
you know, you can just don't spend a lot because those aces are the not the aces, but the
Alienware ones can be like over a thousand dollars. Well, my PC my PC is this what do I have again? I have a
An HP quad core that I picked up a couple years ago for 800 bucks with the monitor and all
and all I had to do was put in the new graphics card and
power supply and
It I play everything I want to play and I do all my graphics work and it's just fine. I
Well, I mean you guys have seen what games look like on my computer they run really well
Well, also if you've seen he's playing a running emulators, right? Oh, yeah, you don't need anything super high
If you're running emulators, remember that especially when it comes down to Maim and stuff the main things
you're gonna want to focus on are the speed of your CPU and
Do most emulators will run on a frickin netbook. Well that that's true
They will but I'm talking about Maim here Maim. You're gonna really need to focus on one thing
It doesn't matter if it's dual core quad core because most of the main bills don't support
You know the multi threading and stuff like that, but you're really gonna have to focus on
the actual
Core speed of it. So, you know you want something that's you know high twos to
Threes if not, I don't think they have fours out there but dance had Maim running just fine on his quad core
Just you know, I want to jump in here
Well, yeah, but I'm saying you know a lot of stuff though, that's fine
But like if you're trying to run really high-end Maim stuff like, you know, gauntlet legends or something like that
I mean that's gonna require a four gigahertz processor
Let me jump in here because read the haze is actually in chat right now in our chat room and say it says money isn't
A problem. I'm willing to spend 1k plus so that there you go. That's probably your answer
Otherwise, I would say kind of two things here. I have a Toshiba that I bought on sale for like 400 bucks
During a 4th of July sale at fries like two years ago, and it runs Wow cataclysm
Like, you know, I can't play max graphics settings, but I can get away with playing few PC
Yeah, I can play Starcraft 2 on it on low settings too. So it ain't gonna get away with some of the newer stuff
It's just like I won't get that pristine gaming experience
Well, that was only foreign about keep in mind with my with my lower and it was under spec for Star Trek online
But I played Star Trek online just fine
It looks shitty but it played and that's all I cared about and I I love this comment from salacious pop in our chat room
And maybe the best feedback is actually gonna come from our chat room on this because I haven't bought a laptop in a while
But this is pretty much how I did it when I bought it and this is what salacious pop says in our chat room to
Be honest, just look at what's on clearance at Best Buy that has a name-brand
ATI or Radeon card and then Google benchmarks and I think that's the smart thing to do is don't go in there and impulse buy
Something or don't buy something just because it's on sale
Google those things get reviews on them
See what they're capable of and try to make the best informed decision you can but if you want me to recommend you something right?
Off the cusp. Oh my gosh technology changes so fast. It's really hard for me to say something
I think the Toshiba I bought two years ago. They probably don't even make anymore. It's probably an even better one
That's 400 bucks now
The I like that laptop Loki has it's pretty nice the aces my little dinky netbook
No, I run SNES ROMs on it all the time. Yeah, so and I read them in Linux
So, of course, it's running more efficiently than it would be had it been in Windows. So sadly
I'm not gonna be able to name that definitive laptop for you, but I think you got tons of options
Just do your best to make an informed decision when you go shopping don't in action. Do not impulse buy
Thank you guys for all your hard work and passion for gaming. I wish you all the best. Bye. I love you guys all hearts
P.s. Forgive any grammatical mistakes as to I've been up for the last 20 hours finishing up a special Valentine's video
For my GF and forgot that you guys are on right now as I'm typing this letter much love read the haste
Oh, hey, you know if you want to spend a lot of money on a computer or something do your own case mod
Just build a fucking, you know regular computer inside of like a you know, nice, you know
a durable like suitcase type thing you could totally have a cutout Air Force logo and show your
A really nice case mod for see that's the thing high-end laptops are so fucking expensive
And if you're like, you know, they're saying like there's some there $3,000 for $3,000
You can build a nice PC and nice monitor if you spend just a little bit of time
You know putting together even a very crude, you know case mod for it. It would be really nice. I
I there was one of Dan's friends that built his PC out of a giant toolbox
And it was pretty cool
but next email
This is from rubba. I was listening to up
396 where you read my email about the 3ds and lazy eye. I was really wrong in stating. It's a muscular disorder
I had all sorts of causes. No, it has all sorts of causes and there are all sorts of treatments
I shouldn't talk about things. I know little about so I am correcting myself
When you were doing the listless, I thinking horror game genre games lawns dark deathmatch
The graphics would look like those airplane safety cards
Davros speak and spell spell
exterminate
Teddy Ruxpin soul-stealer. Hi, I'm Teddy Ruxpin and you have to sleep sometime
That was pretty funny
nice and
Teddy Ruxpin dolls were pretty scary back in the day. Just so you know, they were freaky
We also got another one from Rob a button since it's short. I'll read it. I just got TDU, too
I haven't played enough to check out the clubhouses and such I can say
That despite the claims of any modeling system the games driving feels very much like the original TDU
My only criticism of the gameplay so far is that it is very difficult to see intersections
Do cops know how to drive off-road this time?
Because that was hilarious in the last one. Oh, there's cops chasing at me. I'm gonna drive off-road. I can't get me
The other news is that GameStop is giving out codes for TDU to casino to the first purchasers of the game
The only problem is the day it was released. None of the casino codes worked
I discovered that the codes weren't activated until February 9th at the earliest. It was really great being able to find
That on the Atari support forums, but they never put it in on the news feeds on their site or in the in-game news feed
rubba-buh
That's poopy
Okay email from
CMD whoever hey guys a couple of days ago. My mother purchased on pre-order for me the Nintendo 3ds
It is selling for 350 Australian. I guess it's a UD Australian
In which includes the 3ds one game and an accessories pack. So March 31st. I'm going to be super happy. Keep up the good work
Good for you send us one
Hey guys Moulton Brown here, I'm writing to congratulate you on your 400th episode. Keep up the awesome work
My weekends are never the same without you
I'm not really writing in with game related questions or news, but just some comments one to Loki over comment
You said a couple of episodes ago about a court's decision to allow the suit against J hat
The idea that a court has jurisdiction against a person whose online activities
Has a presence in their state is not a new or random thing
If I remember civil procedure correctly, depending on what the website is doing directly advertising and soliciting customers
I think is the message board site where the owners and other parties can communicate with each other or being a
Neutral site that just allows users to look up information will influence whether the court feels they have jurisdiction over a party
the more the site seems to directly advertise and solicit customers the more likely it is that the court will find they do have
Jurisdiction over the party who owns slash uses the website because the party has purposefully availed themselves
To the privilege of doing business in the particular state. This means that the party voluntarily
Subjected themselves to the jurisdictions of courts in that state a court can see J hats website as soliciting customers
Because it was advertising a service the ability to jailbreak your ps3. I
I wouldn't say it's a service because all he was doing is sharing information
That's not really, you know, hey, I'll jailbreak your you know ps3 for you. I
Think it's a matter of perception, but it does have a point there
Well, it's however the court decides to see it and I can understand that they were sitting
You know bringing him to California because his websites hosted in California, but that's not the case
It was all because he communicated on Twitter, which pretty much everybody on the planet does nowadays and he had a PayPal account
Which he had a donation thing on his web page
That that that was their criteria for it really it was because hey, guess what?
they have a lot of lawyers on retainer in California, so
that I
Don't know whatever, you know, it's still going through and I remember there's some extra
You
Know stuff going on with the case right now where they you know now he's surrendered his hard drive and stuff
to the courts for
You know Sony to go through as well as you know with his lawyer present, of course, and then they were actually trying to subpoena
Google and Twitter and stuff to find out who the hackers were and fail overflow, but they were denied
So they can't really figure out who those other people are at this point and it doesn't matter anyways
Because they're not in the United States. So you can't I mean the laws are different. So I think the translation is
It doesn't matter. Anyways, everybody's like, oh no, I hope he you know, delete his hard drive stuff
And I hope all this stuff. He didn't think he did anything wrong and you know
He's out to prove that and so he has nothing behind. Yeah
I
Don't like that bitch. I don't see her. I don't like that bitch. I don't see her
Yeah, that's pretty much me and Rama
Hey Rama
Bitch bitch. All right, someone can say the word bitch over and over
Three on my nickname since Rob makes fun of my nickname from time to time
I felt I had to explain it when I was trying to figure out a nickname for America's Army
I created molten brown an homage to my eyes
Which kind of look mahogany on the edges the closest color I could think of but as you get closer to the people the color
Lightens up significantly. I always thought my eyes had a molten feel to them
Like they're a like there was a flame behind my eyes and that the color that caused the color to lighten
Additionally when I'm angry or happy my eye color seems to lighten up as if the fire is being turned up a notch because of
How I am feeling so I thought molten brown made sense as a nickname. That's poetic
Okay, that's all for me. Why don't I feel like crap for going straight to like the poop reference but
Pun intended take care. That's a nice story now. I feel like
I'm like molten brown myself. This message is brought to you by snow the only substance I can think of that's beautiful
But consistently makes me want to punch someone in the face
That's a good way to sum it up
Excuse me
This one is from catastrophic moggie
Hi, olr. I'm sure this week
You'll all be a buzz about the news of the deaths of guitar hero and DJ hero
So I thought I'd pass on a bit of news that's got me excited
I was more than a bit miffed when I heard that the 3ds was region locked
I often import DS games because they are cheaper and usually released long before they are in Europe
That is if they remember to release them here at all
I know it might sound silly but I also prefer the cases that are used in the u.s
Much better than the ugly bulky semi-clear cases we get here. I like actually like the
European cases honestly, but I see your point
Anyway, what I am getting at is that I was seriously thinking about whether I'll bother getting a 3ds
I mean only got 360 a couple months ago and still have tons of games
I want to try but I read that cave stories being released on
it well that threw a spanner in the works and
The concept art looks really impressive
See you guys around catastrophic moggie. I have to look at this now. I
I want to see what the art looks like. Okay cave stories Wow
Wow pretty
Okay, Jamie wants this
I'm gonna link it in the chat room because it's pretty
It's really pretty
Because I I was I I tried cave story, but I thought it was kind of meh, but this is pretty
There you go, everyone. Take a look in there
And
Now for our next email and by the way, thank you catastrophic moggie for sharing that link is it's pretty
Anyway, next email up. Hey, olr sing as the mailbag has been somewhat skimpy on average for a while now
I thought that it's in an email this week covering a few topics first off
There is a free video available on PSN iTunes and the Xbox Live zoom marketplace
Which is the pilot of mr. Sunshine?
It's easy to find on PSN and iTunes if it takes a little hunting to find it via Xbox Live zoom
Excuse me
Let's send my related note
I found out a cool little deal that I'm sure the dark soccer would make use of since she's a Marvel fan. Yep
Assuming that there's Target stores out west and sales are nationwide not just reasonable
They have Planet Hulk on blu-ray for dirt cheap
At least at my favorite Target the shelf tag listed is $10 hell of a ring up to 750
Movies, especially blu-rays don't get much cheaper than that new or used after seeing it
I was awestruck over how gorgeous the animation was and how good the voice acting was all in all it's a good
Bye as a side note if you were able to do so try picking up the animated Dante's Inferno movie released in tandem with the game
It was equally as good as Planet Hulk now if you're a fan of certain voice actors
I should mention that both Mark Hamill and Steve Blum have roles in Dante's Inferno
See I would be interested in seeing Dante's Inferno
but I am NOT a Hulk fan at all because Marvel has just gone overboard with Hulk and
Every single freaking issue that Hulk should have nothing to do with Hulk was in spider-girl
What do Hulk and spider-girl have in common, but that's not an argument for this podcast
So probably no Hulk for me, but I did like the the ultimate Avengers once those are cool
As for the last topic
I assume that you have already covered the story about Activision giving guitar hero the axe as well as shredding Tony Hawk
puns fully intended in my honest opinion
It's about time Activision really ran those two franchises into the ground and frankly they haven't learned that quality is greater than quantity
Where they went wrong with guitar hero at least is the fact that they are inundated
They inundated the market with poorly supported via download content titles every year like clockwork now if they'd followed EA
Harmonix lead and use the rock band business model they would have fared better and the bottom wouldn't have fallen out of the music game
Market, I bet that within two to three years time the Call of Duty series
Will likely suffer the same fate it isn't too far of a stretch to predict that happening
Thanks for taking the time to read this email errors and all it's appreciated
PS although I haven't fully put it together in time for this week's show hopefully by next week if possible
I'd like to initiate a little contest open to PA US PS 3 owners
Sorry everyone else you wouldn't be able to make use of the prize even if you won due to how PSN is set up
It'll be one winner and who who will get some videos from you
USPS and video store anyone has a ps3 and is in the US banter. I just need to come up with a wordy trivia question
Hey, hmm
That's shiny and last one happy 401 is it wrong that I play Angry Birds on the toilet at work
This is from Mike. No, it's you and everyone else
And that's it. All right. Thank you very much for the emails mailbag at orange lounge radio.com
This is the place to send your emails to have them read next week here on the program
Maybe I'll still have my you know disease voice
All right, we got a few more news stories for you guys and then we're going to get to the skype line
Oh, but before we get to those we have to get into the F use of the week
It's the part of the show where we get angsty as we've done for the last 400 weeks
Dark Sakura my f you goes towards people not understanding the difference between
making a comment about an article and then spamming your Facebook with a bajillion comments
Arguing a political point that you really don't care to discuss
so
Forget it if it happens again, I'm gonna do what I did this time and delete it
This is the form of me my wall me your wall you
Respect my authority Facebook is serious business. That's why I'm back on my journal. I
Never left live journal. I don't know why people are I realize
Journal, but I ignored it for a little bit
Here's that I realize there's a lot of creepy shit on live journal like I get that like I get the lol the Harry Potter
Stuff, but you know, that's not what everybody's into just say it
Anyhow, Loki
I know I was mad at something earlier this week. I just don't remember it was so
No F you to drama I suppose good fallback option, I guess
Effie to dance 360 for breaking
Dance in the back going yeah
If you did that little audio boo-boo, I just had they're going on there if you did not being perfect and if you did the fact
I don't have tacos right now. It's talk with something. Oh
Sure, but you're gonna help me want you to my ventrilo. Oh
Yeah, I can help fix that for you though. I'll be fun. Um
Otherwise, I actually I don't have a lot to be bad about things are fine right now
I don't know if you did the fact that I'm not gonna be able to talk to you. I'm not gonna be able to talk to you
I don't know if you did the fact that I'm separated on Valentine's Day
Not like separated like in that context might be separated by distance, but it's just a day
I mean, you know the meanings come on Rob somebody got decapitated. So no, no, it's
All right
Anyhow, let's get back into a couple more gaming news stories and then we're gonna get to your calls
Should be fun tonight
Um something I really like about little big planet is the wonderful community made levels
And of course, you know with a little big planet one
They had some pretty awesome stuff that they did with
Contra which I hope they remake those for a little big plant to and time all together. That'd be really awesome
But now they're doing something very similar to the contra thing where they have a project that's a collaboration between a bunch of different members
They have one that's actually being done between 12 of the community members. It's called Hansel and
Gretel bot it's a seven level little big planet to adventure that has cutscenes and everything and they say that the
Level design is on par with that with the first
Roll the single-player campaign that's with little big planet, too
So definitely worth checking out and it will be out hopefully soon
so
That's pretty sweet. They actually covered it on the PlayStation blog as well. I
I
Need to not let that game slip through the cracks. I still have not bought little big planet, too
I really want to play it
It looks like they're doing a lot of amazing things
But maybe one of the F use I should give is that I don't have like shit tons of money right now
So, you know buying a $60 game is hard to justify. I did buy a $30 game though. So
but
Yeah, I have to really be picky-choosey on what video games I buy so
Maybe I'll like rent it or something. I don't know
Anyhow, one more story for you guys
Then we're gonna get to the Skype line one eight seven seven game
Olr or our username on Skype is orange lounge radio do make sure if you're gonna give us a call on Skype you do call
Echo one two three first to test your setup and remember the other rule of radio if you're gonna call a radio show
Mute your radio once you get through. All right, one more story for you guys though, and it has to do with dogs and kitties
Nintendogs plus cats is one launch tiles for the 3ds and the breeds have been revealed
Revealed and of course there are going to be several different versions of the game, duh
One of them is toy poodle and friends which comes with a toy poodle a Pembroke Welsh corgi
Cornish Nouser boxer bull terrier Labrador retriever Shih Tzu Jack Russell and Pomeranian
Pomeranian, excuse me. I'm not a dog person. Excuse me French Bulldog and friends comes with French Bulldog Shetland sheepdog
Cavalier King Charles Spaniel Chihuahua Dalmatian Yorkshire Terrier German Shepherd Husky and Basset hound and
Shiba Inu and friends which will be golden retriever and friends for those of us here in the US and Europe
Shiba Inu golden retriever beagle mini pincher dachshund Maltese Great Dane pugs and cocker spaniels
Your Great Dane will die in two years. Mm-hmm. So there you go now
I don't really see what the cats are yet on if the cats are the same in every game or what the deal is
But I'd get which everyone has a mouth in it
Because they were worshiped
One of that sure me too more information is available on the Japanese site nintendo.co.jp
More information is available there. I will probably get the one with a Welsh corgi in it, even though it's a frickin poodle
Well, I want one with a big big fat. Sure me in it. I don't want this game, but I
I feel compelled to buy this game. I really don't want this game. I don't cuz I don't either and I feel compelled to buy it
I do
Imagine chinchillas, it's gonna be one of those games that I play for like a day and then I get so sick of it
I know me too. But maybe if we both get suckered into it, we can at least like trade cat toys
That'll be fun, right?
But it's gonna be it's just gonna be like any console release with me where I buy a bunch of games
I play them a little bit and I get bored with them except for like maybe one or two. That's really good
I did it with the Xbox 360. I bought like almost all launch titles and it really shouldn't have because
most of them I didn't give a shit about
But whatever, you know
Gotta support the devs I guess I
Just want that sure me the game
That's my new dream game. Everybody is fat. Sure me. What would happen in fat? Sure me the game
You get to poker and have her make really weird faces at you and then you'd have to clean up her litter box
And then you'd also have to figure out ways to keep her from shitting on the kitchen floor
And you'd be very careful not to talk about the tester
Very she's not in the room so we can talk about it all we want. All right, let's go to the phones calls already coming in
Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hey, this is excellent kicks link. How you doing, buddy? Hey doing good
What's that be better be better if I know I wasn't getting gypped off or you don't know Jack for the PC
And it's kind of funny because the creators are poking fun at PC people, but that's all right. How so
Well, I guess apparently on one of the forums
that's when the guy took a screenshot of the Twitter account for you don't know Jack and when the guys replied by
Because he was they're asking
if they were if they were willing to pay more money if they can get more than it's two players local and he goes are
More are more PC players who've had to fit in the more to more than two out of keyboard. Oh
Like wow, I was like really serious that is kind of funny it's a little bit funny. Yeah
I don't know if they
legitimately did a purpose or they kind of did it kind of like a test run to see how many people buy it and maybe
Put it down the road as possibly a DLC or a patch or something or what they're gonna do
but I hope they really seriously do just want it to because it doesn't feel like the full experience without like four players that I'm
used to playing beforehand
But you know before the speaking of beforehand though
We didn't have back in the 90s all this Xbox Live stuff and all that fun stuff
Like if you didn't have other people to play with in the same room
It just yeah
But at the same time too though if I have four people at the bed here at the house and I want to play with
Four people like my next-door neighbors for example, then I can't do that
I can only play with one person at a time like if I were to play something else
It's not like me and my girlfriend versus my two neighbors
It said it will be either me my girlfriend my girlfriend versus one my neighbors or you know or me versus my girl
You know, I'm saying though. It's yeah, I get two people be left out. You are getting the shorter end of the stick
Of course, it is ten dollars cheaper for what it's worth
Yeah, but still I'd rather pay the if it was the extra ten four to two still I would I would definitely pay that because
It still feels a little left out
But at the same time too
I hope they do something about that because at the same time to a lot of people a lot of people are complaining about it
Right. I'm sure a lot more people were too and it was like one of people like me
For example who bought on day one. It didn't know this
I might have been a little hesitant and be like well screw this I'll wait to the steam has on sale then buy it
But at the same time too, though
It's a great game and definitely worth 20 bucks and a steam achievements for the PC and it's definitely worth to buy
I'm also swords first swords and poker one and two are back on the iTunes
For to purchase if anybody wants to purchase them. I just recommend highly recommend them for to do so
It was like Loki said I have a shit ton of fun
I guess I could say personally playing those two games and I always bounce back and forth between the first and second one and it's
A lot of fun. So if you're in a card game to definitely buy those is such an awesome
Seriously, now that's on the App Store. You need to buy it. It's like 99. Yes. It's oh they came back. They came back
Yes, yeah sword poker two and sword poker one. Seriously, go buy it on the App Store. It will it'll take over your life
It will I'll check it out. That's a pretty big endorsement. I'll have to look in that both of them are about
Five to six dollars. I think I know the second one's like three and I think the first one's two
So yeah, you're looking like five it's still worth it for that dollars
I've worked like worth of money probably like at least 50 hours into the first one are or the second game already
Yeah, I'm like a few hours in the second one
But I'm going through and still trying to finishing up the first one and the first one is just as bad as the second
So, but it's a lot of fun. It was very challenging
Well, let me take it back to you
Don't know Jack for a minute as somebody who played it like a long time ago these tech issues aside
Were you really happy to see this come back? Is this a worthy upgrade? Yes, and yes
and it has all the pretty much old features like a few new things that it as well, but
Anybody's a trivia fan definitely buy it. It's worth it's worth the money. Do you think will be the support system?
Do you think it will be the first of several revival games?
I hope so and I hope so in a good way not in a bad way because they did they did pretty decent job
Like I said before I just really wish that there was four players
They could do something like that down the road or maybe add another one with it
Then yes, they'll be awesome
And then the fact that it has DLC and stuff that's gonna be attached to it that would make it even more so. Mm-hmm
Because now instead of buying like you don't know jack sports now, it's like oh you can get to sports DLC for it
so definitely and also I bought NBA Jam for
The iTouch and iPad and it's wonderful. It's really
Yeah, I think on the iOS though those games would kind of blow
No, it's it's a little smaller, but it it for me. I like it
Same way as NBA Jam, so it has a lot of unlockable stuff, so I'm playing it for quite a while
So all right well, buddy
We're gonna let you go so we can get some more calls
But enjoy the you don't know jack even though you didn't get it on Xbox 360
So I can't play with you, but I guess life goes on sorry hopefully meet one day PC
So you always have Wow to play definitely although?
I was playing it for a while, and then I went back to Wow are you interested in rift at all any interest in rift?
Maybe maybe maybe all right all right gotta let you go so we get more calls. Take care, buddy. It's all right. Bye
Again, if you want to give us a call one eight seven seven game
Oh, well our our username on Skype is orange lounge radio. Let's go take another call hi on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Oh, hi, you know it's ready. Who's this?
Bring back all these memories of like old games. I used to play like Street Fighter
Metal Diggers Mortal Kombat
King of Fighters
Final Fantasy
Dark Stalkers
Double Dragon
net sure
Ninja Gaiden
nobody
Virtual Fighter
You should turn down your speakers dude now you know I want to see how long you can keep going what other what other old
classic games
Like what's the point seriously? I don't even understand
Well, thank you very much to the caller from area code six one two six seven zero
Maybe I'll give the rest out later all right. Let's take some more calls
Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is DR dollar bill. Hey, what's on your mind?
Hey
Hey, um just quick just quickly. I didn't get to do this quick um
First off. I was trying to remember the if you didn't know Jack the original PC version
I don't think there was four players even on the original version
There wasn't I think it was three on the original version. Oh
yeah, so I kind of says his like his thing about it should be in four players, but if
You know if it was based on the same concept. I I'm trying to picture four people holding the keyboard together
It just seems kind of crowded don't you think?
At one keyboard yeah, that might be a little bit comfy
Yeah, I mean the online multiplayer
I agree with they should do that, but on a local machine that and no no just didn't seem right
But you used to do three on one keyboard, and I seem to remember the buzzer keys were like Q
Spacebar and like right bracket or something they were kind of like spread out
So you could sit kind of in an interesting arrangement and do it for might be getting a little comfy
But you could like give a person the mouse and they could like click it. I don't know
That'd be a good one, okay
All right that one and it was something else and I oh yeah
Just really quick because I'd heard it begin to show you guys were talking about
DDR and guitar hero how like they both seen them were falling one point of the
Continuously kind of same game, but very little evolution between the two mm-hmm like you know our DDR
Just slowly didn't really evolve much. Just maybe some different step shots and maybe a couple different modes eventually
But it's still alive a lot longer than guitar hero
Did we actually figure out what might like what was some ideas like why this was so?
Run that by me one more time like like how's the DDR still survives um
One theory that we had is that the games are simply lower budget because keep in mind Konami
They do license songs now, but they don't license quite as many
It's like ten songs
Maybe in a game and they use their in-house team for the rest of it
And I think the expectations just aren't quite as high
And I think they still sell quite a few through the whole weight loss thing like it's not we fit
But certainly I was even listening to a morning show here locally where somebody brought up
And they were they weren't saying it jokingly like it was some chick who got a we for Valentine's Day
And she was saying to the host that she was going to
Play lots of we fit and the host was going you're gonna. You're not gonna play any we fit
You're gonna play it for three days, and then you're gonna be over it
And you know then you'll say oh, I'm gonna play dance dance revolution
You'll play that two times two so you know the name is still out. There is my point
Is that you know it's still getting name-checked in some places, but I just think overall those games are lower budget
And so they have lower expectations, and I think that's why those games to and unfortunately it shows
And it's also still very Japan centric
I think you know Konami closed their offices here in the US are they might have the one in LA
I think they have the one in LA, but they don't have the one Hawaii. They don't have one in North Bay that I'm sorry
Nor Cal in the bay. They don't have those anymore so most of that
I imagine is coming out of Japan and those games are probably still selling in Japan whereas guitar hero
What did they have one in Japan and that was it I?
Didn't think I released in Japan. I didn't think it would yeah
What guitar hero? I think there was like one. I think one of them did get a localized Japanese release
But I don't think it was huge. I could be wrong don't like quote me on that or call me an idiot if I'm wrong
But I want to say one time. I do remember reading about it, so
Okay, that's cool
All right wait anybody what's that anything else on your mind, buddy?
That's all right, I mean, I just didn't have much to say except hi guys hey, what's up? All right?
Well at least you aren't high as hell like the last caller, so all right. I know
All right, take care buddy. You too. Bye guys. Bye
I'm gonna get stoned and call into this f-list radio show on the internet
1877 game olr or our username on Skype is orange lounge radio if you want to give us a call
We'll take some more calls here in the meantime while we wait for some calls to come in Loki
Do you have any last-minute thoughts or last-minute thoughts last-minute stories for our listeners tonight?
Yeah, I was gonna see here
They're talking a little bit more about the Xperia play apparently it's gonna have battery life enough for five plus hours
Of gameplay, which is kind of cool
It's got a 5.1 megapixel camera 400 megabytes of onboard a memory as well as you can expand it via SD
memory cards
Thank you to orange right in our chatroom
Very knowledgeable, dude when it comes to the music games guitar hero 3 and Aerosmith were released in Japan same as the other releases
No localization. Thank you for the clarification
Let's take some more calls
Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hey, it's Ranma and this time Rob. I'm not going to attack you tonight. Thank you
I appreciate it. You're welcome. All right, so what's up?
Not too much. Um, I have some interesting topics. I want to discuss. I'll make them brief as possible
Yeah, but first I would like to give my prediction for episode 500
Okay, what is that
Number one u.s. Lashes pop get married live on the air. I
Don't know about that. But okay
Predictions predictions. Yeah, and right after we find out Doc Sakura is pregnant and she gives birth live on the air
No, not happening
And after all is said and done Loki is still oblivious the entire world is he still plays grant depth auto for
Well in two years, they're gonna have grant that thought of five. So I mean, come on
And we're gonna be playing seems for a three later on this year
So I'm very excited about that at least a quick break on grand theft auto, but hey, you got to be honest
so the grand theft auto games we play are
Not quite the grand theft auto games that other people play. It's
It's a little different type of an animal that we're playing lots of high
Explosives and people flying through the air and at bus food. There is bus food in this game
It's it's a sight that behold seriously
We'll be making new videos once it's all done too. I can't wait to see those
All right any other lovely predictions we got a ways to go
Oh, that's all for the predictions. But um, as I've been listening for the last couple of podcasts. I've been trying to catch up. Um
My quick take on the on the on Sony's neogeo pocket
Uh-huh
It says it's going to be 3g and all this enabled. I can see it now
They're going to market the car the portable console at about
$400 and
What they're going to do they're probably gonna partner trip with either
AT&T or t-mobile where you go in and you get the console for $99.99 with a two-year
I'm contract with it
Yeah, lock them in with a contract that's that's the way to do it that's what they're trying to do with the phone
Yeah, I mean hey it kind of work for the taco. Why not for the NGP?
Who knows seriously if anyone is serious about you know gaming with 3g on the NGP
Or even anything like the iPod or I you know iPad whatever don't fucking you know sign up for this shit
Just I mean, I think you just get the cheapest data plan possible. Like I said not to sound like a
You know pitchman for Virgin Mobile, but seriously $25 a month for you know a phone that I can
Hack and tether to my iPod if I really need to surf, you know
I prefer surfing the web on the iPod over my Android phone because it's kind of slow but you know in the pinch
It works, but seriously though if I wanted like, you know game my laptop
And I got through a week of just you know, using it for surfing the web, but I have my fight
I don't use it anymore because it's $45 a month
For just data, whereas I can just tether to my phone and I get the same shit
of course, they don't want you to do that and that's done through like a hack but
Hey, whatever. It was a relatively easy hack so it can be done by pretty much anybody. Oh
I know I got my phone is the same way. I could do it with mine
But now that you know Virgin Mobile or everybody else they're capping
The how much bandwidth you can spend when doing all this and guarantee if I was gonna be on these 3g networks gaming
It'll be a funny thing that as their game and they hit their cap and you see a look their network logo saying
Sorry, you have used up all your bandwidth push this button to add more time there. There's no way you'll run through unless you're gaming
24-7 over 3g and a lot of people have Wi-Fi in their houses
There is not gonna be a time that you're into a cap problem. It's just not fast enough. I mean I
Just it's gonna be rare to do that
That's why they have those caps in place because those people are using on way more day
I mean I've tried streaming stuff on my phone and it shows me the kind of data
It's using but there's your unless you're dedicating, you know, you don't have Wi-Fi in your house
You're just on this 3g and that's it then maybe I mean it would take some really heavy use
But for most people where they're near Wi-Fi like I have Wi-Fi my work. I have Wi-Fi at home
I've you know, there's Wi-Fi here
I mean
I just have I can bounce on all those with my phone with my iPod and there's very rare times that are in between
That I actually need to use the 3g
For anything or you know, you know, my cable goes out or something like that, but fair enough. It's very rare
so it I don't think that's really gonna be an issue but
You know, who knows?
Yeah, pretty much
All right. Well, I'm gonna let you go to get some more calls. All right, cool. That's cool. All right. Take care, buddy
All right. You got it. Bye. Bye
All right. We got more calls coming in. Why not? Let's get to it. Hi on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Yeah, hi
Hi, am I on? Yes
Okay
Yeah, I got a little bit confession to make actually a really bad crack problem and uh, I
Don't know. I feel that I don't know playing video games sometimes else, but I don't know
Uh-huh. I just don't know
Well, what cost you to start smoking crack in the first place?
It was probably the Nintendo coming out with Mario Sports Mix, uh-huh
Well that that's more of a recent thing. I mean sports mix hasn't really come out yet
So, I mean have you have you been it's been out for a week Oh one way
So you've been addicted to crack for a week
So, let me let me let me ask you a question because I can hear you laughing and everything
Like so I I know you're like trolling us or whatever. So like what's up?
Like why are you trolling like f-list online radio shows just curious. I
Mean you don't have an answer
Not really no, I mean well, I mean I'm just kind of curious
Why you and your buddies want to like troll this online radio show?
I mean like we don't think we're like all that or nothing. We do our show for free
We've kind of worked our asses off for the past nine years to provide the show for free to people on the internet
So I'm just wondering what made it worthy of trolling
I mean was this something we said or you guys just like really fucking bored or what?
I think a small penis is involved on the hold on. Let's let's let's let's let the man have a say
We don't need to troll him back. What's what's up? Just people just be real with me, dude
Well, actually actually we're pretty big fans actually that's uh-huh. So we've been looking at a long time and we just thought you know
Sure, okay, so you've been really big fans
so for that you want to call in and talk about your crack problem and and span our
Spam our picture feed and and spam the Twitter account and all that stuff like that's that's how you show your appreciation
For us working our ass off for free for so many years
I mean, I don't I mean if maybe like I said something to make the interwebs angry then like cool
Let us know like what did we say to bring the the wrath of whatever?
For Chani site you guys are with like what's the deal? Well, yeah
Just be real dude don't you don't have to like ask your friends for an answer or whatever?
Like I applaud you for not hanging up the phone like a chicken shit when I called you out
But like just be real with me. What's up? What is this all about?
Are you don't you have someone you want to promote or plug? Is there a website behind this whole thing?
No to be perfectly honest, this is boredom this boredom dude
For the record. This is the only time like we've actually done this. I've never
Done anything to you guys like ever before this. This is only been it. This is it
I usually when I'm bored, I play a game
I know like we're a show about freaking video games like crisis 2 is out on the interwebs for free
And people are pirating it in mass like go go play that game or something like just just trolling us
I
Just I just I don't know. I don't get it dude. Like I just kind of feel like you're wasting your time
That's all I mean, but I mean that's life that well, okay, that's cool. And thanks for the hits
I appreciate it because you know e3 is all about who gets the most hits on their website right now
And you guys have really helped with that tonight. So I that'll help. That's awesome
But I'm not serious dude, like you guys really are cool. I would do like what you guys are doing
I really we really do listen and I'm being sincere about that. All right, you have a funny way of showing it
I know I'm just saying you got a funny way of showing a pal but I I I
You know what? I realize it's the internet and that's the type of stuff. We subject ourselves to doing a public show, but I'm just saying
I've heard a lot worse in my lifetime
Seriously, like growing up as a gay guy for as many years as I've done and so forth
I suppose you have to do a lot worse in my lifetime. So but anyhow, you have a lovely day
Thanks for trolling. Yeah, you do. All right. Bye
At least he's not posting on the internet that I need to get back in the kitchen. I
I'm not the one that cooks. I still want to know like
Who is it? Like just tell me Baba bowie. You got his number. What's the deal?
I do but you know what if I give it but now I'm not saying give it out. I'm saying track it
There's New York. What I don't I and it's it's one of those like I don't I
Just want to know like was it something is it because you're a bitch dark soccer. You're a bitch
So they got to troll the show cuz you're a bitch. You know what fuck them
That's what I have to say. I can be as much of the bitches. I don't even care
It's giving you more attention than it deserves. I hey we get answers
That's all
Alright. Hey who wants to follow that call one eight seven seven game. Oh, lr. Our username on skype is orange lounge radio
You know what the folks in chat seems to enjoy that last call. I don't know. All right. Oh
Let's talk a little bit more about Activision
Yes, please. They're focusing there's you know efforts towards now since they're not doing the guitar hero franchise
They are continuing on with their toy licensing franchise. You know how they did the games of the Zuzu pets is up now
It's squinkies. Yes squinkies based off of
Some sort of toy that's like those 25 cent machines where you know, there's a little crappy toy comes in the bubble
Well, they're making a game based off that also they're making a game called Skylanders Spyro's adventure, which has I
Don't know what the fuck they did the Spyro. It's weird, but they have these toys now that you can buy that will
Will come with you know
a couple toys and you basically put these toys on this mat and it scans it in and you get to play as the character that's
on the toy and the game's gonna cost you $70 and
What the fuck did they do to Spyro Cersei he looks like he's got he's like roid rage Spyro or something like that. I
Don't know what they did. But yes, there's Activision pooping on your franchises
But you know kids games, you know, cuz if it's highly marketable, then they're gonna pimp it out
All right. Let's go to some more calls
Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? Legend of Zaku. Hey, my buddy. How are you tonight?
No, I'm doing pretty good
just trying to try to wait for the next you know day or so when I had to take the girl out for Valentine's Day and
Just lamenting over the death of the inevitable guitar hero. We kind of knew that was coming. Are
You sad are you one of those people that was on Twitter going RIP guitar hero pouring the 40 in your honor?
There's no not not at all as a matter of fact
I knew this was gonna happen the first, you know ever since good to our hero 3 came out
Actually, no more like world tour
That's when they started to have the whole me to attitude of let's just spend let's just milk
the you know, the proverbial golden cap dry until we could pummel harmonics, which
In turn never worked out. So this is the thing with Activision and in a nutshell
They take good franchises and they just run them and just send them straight to hell like what they're gonna do a Call of Duty
Mm-hmm. I mean when you have five guitar hero games out in a single year, that's almost like one
That's like one per quarter
That's that that goes to show that you're just like you just you just don't give a shit about the franchise
I mean Konami on the other hand
they at least make efforts to innovate and just like, you know, please the the hardcore fanfare and fan base while picking up the
Casuals along the way. Mm-hmm. At least they're they're having some sort of consistency
I don't know about now
But when you know during their time with the whole DDR series even with in Bimani in general
They just kept it a little bit more, you know more consistent and not as bland. Mm-hmm. So, I mean it's
The way I see it is that harmonics now is tasked with just like try not to you know
Make the same mistakes as Activision. Obviously, they they're well aware of that but more importantly they have to innovate
Because that's what what that's what made them
That's what made them survive that day and that's what will keep them going
You know keeping them going forward
What do you think is the reason why I mean I know you you have been calling into this show for years
Which I totally appreciate don't get me wrong. Mm-hmm, especially in light of last couple calls. We've had
You you I've called in about like DDR and all this stuff. What do you think about this whole?
Why is DDR seem to persevere when I'm not so sure DDR really innovates in the way that some other games do
I mean you still add you still have the I guess what I guess the way I see it
Is that Konami still recognizes that the hardcores?
The hardcore players are still the ones that they're gonna be picking up DDR a lot more than let's say the casuals
Why it's by a slight edge
So you have to please you know, they're trying to please both demographics
So they they have a multi-pronged approach to to you know to their series. Mm-hmm
whereas Activision just like treats it like shovelware, you know, just try to
Just try to get all the licenses not really innovate in terms of like new gameplay features
Like what I heard was like the most appalling innovation that they had was just the ability to change the guitar skin
Unlike let's say harmonics which actually allowed you in the third, you know, the third installment, you know
play with with a lot more instruments, you know with like a keyboard and
And the ability and the ability to to do, you know to play them in pro mode
Which you know says a lot about them that they're really thinking they're really thinking long-term with that whole franchise
Whereas Activision just cares about how much money can we make with guitar hero in each quarter?
It's all about the bottom line
Bills bills on the other hand the way I see it is that Activision is going to you know
it's gonna the faint the same fate will bestow Call of Duty in the next two years and that worries me because
Remember what happened, you know, almost 30 years ago in that in our same industry when?
Atari basically
Harold heralded that whole video game, you know the whole genre into into near disaster
Or the video game crash. I'm pretty sure you know, I have a gut feeling that
Activision will be the ones that's gonna herald everything to mediocrity like in two years
I bet you in two years. They're gonna have like a they're gonna reach a point where
people are just gonna get sick and tired of video games in general or just
or just like most of the genres because you're gonna have one particular company that's just gonna like
They're gonna make everything they're gonna make that genre completely bland and untouchable for years to come
All right, well we're gonna let you go buddy so we can go wrap up the show but thank you as always for your insight
Cuz I know you're passionate about the music games. So appreciate. All right. All right. Take care buddy. Have a good one. Bye
All right, that's gonna do it for the Skype line tonight. Can't say it wasn't entertaining. There you go
Let's get to the last last-minute stories from Loki
Don't think I have much left here
It hasn't been very exciting news week all things considered outside of like, you know
The more and more and more stuff getting shut down over at Activision. There's not a lot else to it
Yeah, I think I pretty much covered most of everything
Yeah, yeah, that's pretty much it I think no alrighty then
Alright, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts as we get down to the end of the show tonight
Dark Sakura, we'll start with you. What's your final thought?
You know that face that's really scrunchie that people do for trolls on the internet
Yeah
I kept imagining that call just that mouth moving back and forth while that guy was talking and it made me giggle a little bit
That was pretty funny
I actually saw a really funny gif of that with the whole you mad you mad you mad like rotating around it and this is funny
so
The internet it's fun to be a part of all right, Loki
What's your final thought people need to stop talking like they type on the internet? I mean
it
Seriously the YK are is the worst friend whatsoever. I mean, it's just
Remember how people used to get pissed off at other people and you know with the bonics and shit like that
It's just getting worse the OMG. It's like okay. Yeah, we understand you mistyped on a keyboard. Haha. That's funny
You know you don't need to talk like that cuz you sound like an idiot
I will say one thing we found OMG yogurt, and they were pretty good
What is up with all these yogurt explosion chains recently? It's crazy. Oh, and I hate Kotaku's new layout
I should say gawkers new layout, so you know
Sometimes you don't need to improve something because it's fine the way it was
See now go troll that that's a reason to go troll well
Like trolling our websites like I know it's kind of like that's like stalking Kathy Griffith or something
It's just like seriously who cares I mean no one cares
And honestly we don't get a lot of page hits so no one's really gonna notice that you're trolling
It's what it whatever whatever we talk about it the more. They're gonna like yeah, we should do it again all right um
My final thought I I I want to do more traveling
And I'm thinking a trip to Seattle would need to be in the near future
possibly around Labor Day
possibly
Why you still you're telling me a different time thinking of other traveling in March?
I'm thinking about a particular expo that goes on yes every year all right anyhow
We'll have to talk about that offline all right anyhow. That's it
Thank you guys as always for listening to orange lounge radio. You know what it's obviously another crazy day here at the ranch
But you know in all seriousness. You know we ask we are independent show you do look at our website
We have no advertising we don't make money off this in fact
We pay to do this show so you know what all we ask this is all we've ever asked tell
Friends about the show help us spread the word leave us a nice review on iTunes join our Facebook page
Check in on get glue or whatever so people see that you're listening to show and they go
I wonder what this is all about and just help us spread the word about orange launch radio because you know we do try
To be that show where every gamer has a voice independent and don't get paid for it, so we're not paid to say anything
or one way or another
So there you did get pigs every night. I I will pay you in bacon
I want pinkberry. I'll pay you in pinkberry someday
Alright, that's it. We're done. We're out of here. Have a wonderful night everybody. We'll see you next time on orange lounge radio
Goodbye, you've been listening to orange lounge radio
Orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show visit
WWW dot all games calm Sunday nights at 6 p.m.. Pacific time
The views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio
Or all games calm, but we're probably right anyway. See you next week
