Tonight, February 27th, 2011, the 3DS launches in Japan.
We Dare might be too daring for the U.S., and will Guitar Hero get more download content
after all?
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
We tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, 6 o'clock Pacific,
9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my awesome co-host.
Say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Booze.
How you doing?
Booze.
What kind of booze?
Apparently she's drank too much of that booze already.
No, no, no, no.
I have...
She dumb forgot.
Stop interrupting me.
I have Irish...
Wait, did you guys hear that?
I'm sorry.
This is worth interrupting because did you hear her say, stop interrupting me.
She's slurring already.
Stop interrupting me.
No.
I have Baileys Irish cream with the last of my Kahlua and ice cubes and whipped cream,
but I've mixed the whipped cream into it.
So it cuts some of the alcohol and increases the calorie count tenfold.
It's like a tablespoon, but it is Supra delicious.
Sunday night.
Relax a little.
Yeah.
Since a belly button is in here.
Well, let me get to that.
Tech master Loki is out tonight.
He actually had an emergency circumstance this week.
Don't worry guys.
He's fine.
But what happened, I guess he went in on Tuesday to the doctor and found out he had a hernia
or...
The same kind his child did.
That's like father, like son, right?
Except in reverse, like son, like father.
So you know, and I'm only telling you what it is because I know he's going to give you
all the sort of details about it when he comes back.
It's a hernia.
I don't know if that'll be next week or two weeks.
Yeah.
I mean, it's...
Living with a hernia.
So he had to have the surgery for that or I guess availability came up on Friday or
something like that.
He didn't know he was going to have the surgery and suddenly it was like, you're having the
surgery.
Okay.
So he had the surgery, which, you know...
My favorite thing to do is confuse, and sometimes it's done on purpose, is confuse hernias and
hemorrhoids and ask if they need a donut.
Little different, little different.
So yeah, he's recovering.
He's not able to drive out to the show.
He could be listening.
So hi, Loki, if you're listening.
But he's probably sleeping because I know when I had surgery, granted I had the gall
bladder thing, which is a little different, but I slept for like seven days straight.
So that could be where Loki's at right now.
I don't know.
But regardless, he won't be here tonight.
So it's just Dark Soccer and I holding down the fort.
We didn't have enough time since we just found out about it on Friday and I'm usually gone
on the weekend.
We didn't have time to cook up a guest host.
So it's just here, just the two of us here.
And one of us has been drinking.
So this is sure to be a wonderful show tonight.
Rob had some of my tasty beverage.
It is delicious, isn't it?
Nothing.
But luckily we have you guys in our chat room at chat.orangelaundry.com joining us as you
do every week here as we tape live our show.
We couldn't appreciate you guys anymore, especially this week.
You guys are awesome.
And speaking of chat room stories, some folks were asking before the show, can we talk about
the Oscars?
Because that's going on tonight.
On top of everything else, the Oscars are going on tonight.
I want to call them the Betty White's curse.
Well, I'll get to that in a minute.
The Oscars are going on and it's one of the few shows that airs live on the West and the
East Coast.
I don't know of anything else, maybe the Super Bowl, that airs live on both coasts at the
same time.
So I think anybody who's watching, it's probably watching it in one eye and maybe listening
to our show or what have you or waiting for the podcast.
I don't know.
But yeah, I don't know why you'd want to yell out the winners in the chat room because anybody
who cares probably already has on the TV, but whatever.
People want to yell it out.
And I think SSJ went under Matt a joke before the show that if Betty White's not at the
Oscars, who cares?
And I said, look, you can, fine, you can yell out the names of the winners, but you just
have to change everything so that Betty White won everything.
And so now Betty White has just become the new Chuck Norris in our chat room.
But you know what, guys?
I think it's very well deserved.
You know why?
You know why it's well deserved?
Hold on.
Listen to this.
The reason I lied.
If I told you the truth, you'd hunt it down and kill it, which seems to be exactly what
you're trying to do.
How long have you been feeding this thing?
Six years.
Six years.
Well, Bernie was out fishing and it followed him home.
He threw it some scraps, and well, he didn't seem to bother anybody.
He became kind of like a pet who lives in the wild.
He just appeared.
You have no idea how he arrived here.
No, do you?
Well, your husband Bernie, you didn't by any chance lead him to the lake blindfolded.
If I had a dick, this is where I'd tell you to suck it.
There you go.
If I had a dick, this is where I'd tell you to suck it.
That's why Betty White is awesome.
I love her.
Yes.
Amazing.
Anyhow, that was the movie Lake Placid, by the way, if you never saw that.
Really corny ass movie, but Betty White made it, of course.
Of course.
Anyhow, let's see, yeah, so we're going to get into the show as you guys join us in our
chat room.
We're going to do a little bit of a short show.
We're doing an abbreviated show tonight, meaning we're not going to have a break in the middle
and we're going to blaze right through both halves of our show.
Don't worry.
We're still going to take calls at the end.
We're still going to do all your favorite segments.
We're just doing it a little shorter tonight because we don't have Loki, for one, and it's
just the two of us.
With everything we're competing against and so forth, we figured, you know what, let's
have this be a minimum day.
Remember those in school?
You'd have a minimum day.
We never had such a thing.
Huh?
We didn't have minimum days.
Really?
We had minimum days here all the time.
We had teacher work days.
Oh, okay.
It's similar.
But teacher work days were awesome because guess who didn't have to go to school?
That would be all of us.
But the teachers did.
The teachers did.
We're having a minimum day here at OLR so we can go have a business meeting at Pinkberry.
So there you go.
Actually, there is a lot of stuff going on behind the scenes, but things I can't tell
you about.
Dude, Spazanator said that if he has alcohol, he'll go psychotic and die.
That's no good.
You probably wouldn't do it.
I had a friend in college who was schizophrenic and took LSD.
Wow.
It's Mystique.
Mystique?
Mystique, you want to sit in on the show for a minute?
Come in and introduce yourself as- Oh, God, I love Mystique.
I'm so happy she's here.
Hold on.
Hello.
We gotta get her hooked up.
Live radio, folks.
I am the goddamn Batman.
That she is.
Why are you the goddamn Batman, which by the way, is one of my favorite Twitter accounts
that they have anywhere?
Because I'm awesome.
What more do you need?
I'm awesome.
Then she's got a Batarang in her pants.
Okay, there.
I've got you your own mic now.
So there you go.
Sweet.
So what are you up to these days, Mystique?
What have you been playing?
You playing video games these days?
What are you playing?
Of course she is, because she just got the thing.
Tell them what you got.
I got what?
The Batman.
Oh, I already did the Batman Arkham Asylum, because that game was awesome.
But the new one's coming out.
I know.
It's not coming out soon enough, though, because I need it now.
Like now.
Because it's goddamn Batman.
Yeah, it's the goddamn Batman and the goddamn Joker.
See, it's not about Batman for her, it's about Joker.
It's all about the Joker and not the Heath Ledger Joker.
Oh, what you got against Heath Ledger?
It's Oscar night.
I don't care.
Betty White's winning everything, by the way.
We don't care who won anything in the Oscars as long as Betty White did it.
Unless Betty White did it.
Betty White is pretty awesome.
Yeah, that's right.
Betty White has actually just announced the new villain in the next Batman movie, so there
you go.
She's gonna be Catwoman, actually.
She just took down that bitch Anne Hathaway behind the stage and was like...
I can totally see that shit.
Betty White is hardcore.
That's right.
And of course the next game coming out is Betty White versus Capcom.
I would totally play that game.
She heard that Anne Hathaway got the part of Catwoman, and this is what she said in
response.
If you didn't by any chance lead him to the lake blindfolded...
If I had a dick, this is where I'd tell you to suck it.
There you go.
I concur with that.
All right.
Anyhow.
I remember certain conversations where someone in this room used to say, I wish I had one
of those.
I do wish I had a dick.
It would be awesome.
Why?
Because then I could pee wherever I was and...
It doesn't quite work like that.
Hold on.
And when I beat the crap out of somebody, I could whip out my dick and piss all over
him.
Can't you kind of do that now?
I mean, I realize...
It's messier.
It's messier because you really got to take down your pants.
All right.
Look.
There's a lot of work.
Oh, look.
The listener count is plummeting as we hear these details.
I told them about you in wild chat last night, by the way.
Sweet.
I'm famous.
All right.
I'm living with video game chat.
Yeah.
So let's talk about how is your gaming week?
What types of video games have you been playing this week?
I played WoW.
And then I played WoW.
And then when I was done playing WoW...
Did you play more WoW?
I played WoW.
What are you doing in WoW?
Well, my mage is...
Because I basically power leveled everything up and didn't bother with my professions.
So now I've gone broke leveling dual crafting.
Now I'm working on mining and sort of archaeology, but not really.
That's because I think that reading some of this stuff is funny.
Holy shit.
She's going to be an archaeologist like Indiana Jones.
He's in the game.
Harrison Jones.
Shut the hell up.
And I believe someone does say no time for love, Dr. Jones.
Sweet.
Yes.
You gotta have a short round.
Yeah.
Oh, he's awesome.
I'll have to go back and show you videos of all that.
But anyway.
You just need to play for Harrison Jones, because that's what it's all about, is the
whole archaeology thing in Oldham.
So cool.
But anyway, and then I decided to work on my puppy.
I just call her my puppy.
I still hate dungeons on my puppy, because people don't know what a freaking tank is
apparently if you're lower than level 20.
But tanks run over people.
And tanks also take a lot of damage without feeling it.
I wish I had a tank.
I want a tank for real life.
Wouldn't it be cool?
It's like if you were in school and you just had someone be your tank.
That would be pretty awesome.
You had your party, and your tank would be like, I don't feel anything.
I'm Teflon.
I'm rubber, you're glue.
And you would always be able to find a parking spot.
And then you had your healer, who would basically go around going, it's OK, don't worry about
it.
You're going to be just fine.
They're idiots.
They're bitches.
And then you've got your other three friends who are your DPS.
Bitch, I heard what you just said.
It's on now.
Bring it.
That would be World of Warcraft for high school.
I just put it on my Facebook.
Loki, if you're listening, this is what happens when you're not here.
Just sort of point that out.
You're missed a lot.
Yeah, but our aim's improving.
I made Misty laugh.
Laughing is fun.
I had liquor.
Want some?
I know.
If it's not obvious.
What are you talking about?
She's always like this.
But I'm extra like this.
All right.
Anything else in your gaming week you want to share with us besides WoW?
Betty White, the RPG.
All right.
Mystique, I think I already bugged you about this, but any specific games you've been playing
this week you want to share with the world?
Oh, wait.
Final Fantasy III.
OK.
Dude, I totally played some Dr. Mario.
You played Dr. Mario?
Hells yeah.
Old school 8-bit?
Yeah.
Game Boy, baby.
What?
Game Boy.
Dr. Mario.
What possessed you to get out the pills?
Because sometimes you just need pills.
Different colored pills, especially the red one.
Is there a particular virus that's like, is it the red virus or the yellow virus?
She has the G-virus.
So if she doesn't have her pills, she turns into a zombie and totally sucks brains.
Because brains taste good.
Itchy.
Tasty.
Itchy, tasty.
So, Dr. Mario, wait.
Actually, let me ask you the really compelling question when it comes to Dr. Mario.
Music type A or B?
Music type B. B for bitchin'.
Yes.
Because I like to kick it old school.
What?
What?
You just made a song pop into my head.
What's that?
A dead milkman song.
It's a bitchin' Camaro.
Bitchin' Camaro, bitchin' Camaro.
I ran over my mother.
I love that song.
I had to download that the other day so I could play it in the car.
Let's see, going to our chatroom at chat.orangelaungerator.com, Dark Tetsuya says, Rob, I think the women
just hijacked the show.
You know, I think you're right.
I think...
Yay!
Estrogen!
Woo!
Oh my god, help me.
We've got this.
The powers of the jubbles compel you.
The minute you guys start braiding each other's hair and start talking about boys.
My hair is already braided.
Missy pays someone to do hers, so...
I just flat iron mine.
You know, with an iron.
I like that you've got like purple and then black and purple.
You've got like a red X13 thing going on there.
Because this is always the color I have.
Black and purple.
Because she's secretly, well not so secretly, evil.
Did I say red X13?
That's a little bit redundant, isn't it?
It's red 13.
Red 13.
Alright.
Rob?
See, and it matches my shoes.
Her shoes are jokery.
Oh, they are jokery.
What is it about the joker?
I'm going to take a picture of Missy's shoes.
What is it about the joker you just love so darn much?
Because he likes to kill people, and that's a good thing.
She also likes prints for similar reasons.
Exactly.
Prints like to kill people too.
Shoes.
Alright.
This is our new album artist, Mystique Shoes.
Awesome.
Alright, I'll talk about my gaming week.
I played a little bit of WoW as well, but I did play other stuff too.
I'm actually really addicted to on the iPhone, and I know there's, like when I say that,
there's this whole cluster of people out there that's like, oh god, the iPhone.
I'm really addicted to Cut the Rope, you guys.
Like, it's adorable and cute and...
And the new game, Jump the Shark.
Is there really a game called Jump the Shark?
I don't know.
There probably is somewhere.
Alright.
There was an episode of Supernatural called Jump the Shark.
Mystique has left the building.
Alright, well, alright, everybody calm down, it'll be okay.
And then what else have I played this week?
I played Bejeweled Blitz on the Xbox 360, which is, I guess you could say PopCap's way
of cashing in on the Facebook game, which has been doing very well for them.
Although I don't think this was developed by PopCap.
I mean, I think it was like in agreement with them, but I saw another developer's name come
up when I started the game.
And I gotta be honest, guys, I could tell that someone else developed this like right
off the bat.
Like, it just didn't have that same polish.
And I don't know how else to say this.
And I know I'm sounding like really harsh, but like when I go in there, especially with
the graphics, the graphics did not have that same polish that I have seen in the other
PopCap games.
It needs buffing.
And I guess, yes, the jewels needed to be polished, I don't know.
But yeah, it's okay.
I mean, it is what it is.
It's a minute-long version of Bejeweled.
And you compete against your friends and have the leaderboards.
And you can do regular Bejeweled, or you can do the twisty Bejeweled, the Gyromancer version
of Bejeweled.
You can do either of those in a minute-long versions.
And there's also like a multiplayer version online.
I didn't get to really test that too much.
But you know, it's pretty much what you'd think.
It's multiplayer Bejeweled.
I gotta be honest, though.
I didn't see a whole lot that made me feel like I had to buy this game.
And there already is Bejeweled Twist, or Gyromancer and Gyromancer, and then Bejeweled 2 on the
marketplace.
And Plants vs. Zombies has Bejeweled.
Yeah, and Bejeweled.
And there's even the Jewel Quest, the knockoff game.
And I just, I didn't really feel like there was enough of a game there where it was just
minute-long versions of Bejeweled.
Which is weird, I know, because I do like the version on Facebook, or at least I did
for a long time.
And, you know, you can have the one on the phone.
It just, for me, didn't translate too well to the controller.
I do like some of the things they did where your left stick moves the cursor, and then
the Y, X, A, B buttons flip the gems in that direction.
And in the older Bejeweled games, you used to have to pick two gems, then swap them,
and it was more button presses.
So they kind of made that faster, which is important because the game only goes a minute.
But you can play it for free on Facebook, and it's got that same level of competition.
Granted it doesn't have the twisty gem version, and granted it doesn't have multiplayer.
But I kind of feel like in PopCap's other games, you get enough of that.
So this kind of feels like a little bit of a cash-in to me.
I would really only recommend this game to somebody who doesn't have any of the other
Bejeweled games, who really loves their casual games, who's looking for this fix.
But I honestly think most of you would play this game for a little bit, and then go back
to the one on Facebook, if you really want to play Bejeweled.
Because I think the controller thing would drive you bonkers after a while, when you
can be so much faster with a mouse or with your finger.
It's just one of those games, it just didn't work in translation, and it's kind of a bummer.
And I kind of think that's why PopCap probably didn't do it themselves.
Maybe.
They probably just kind of let somebody else do it, so yikes.
They're going to give us how much money for this game?
Outsource the scrap.
It's $10, if you want to buy that on Xbox Live Marketplace.
There's a lot of great stuff coming out of the Turnpike on Xbox Live Marketplace that
I'm definitely checking out over the next few weeks.
Beyond Good and Evil HD, a lot of people looking forward to that.
Torchlight, oh my god, I'm so excited for Torchlight on Xbox Live.
I am so curious to see, speaking of a game that feels very one-way on the PC, I'm really
curious to see how they translated this to Xbox 360 controller, because apparently they
change quite a bit.
So I'll definitely be checking that out.
I think that's the 15th that that comes out, so I'll be looking at that.
And that does it for my gaming week.
So let's move on and go over some housekeeping real quick.
Not a whole lot.
I just want to mention of course our Twitter, Twitter.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio, and of
course you can follow OrangeLoungeRadio on Facebook as well.
And if you like OrangeLoungeRadio and you like all this craziness and zaniness that
we bring you every week that's sometimes very random as it was tonight.
I just found out something, Rob.
What's that?
You mentioning PopCap made me want to check for Peggle on Steam.
Peggle Extreme is free.
Free?
Really?
Free.
Free?
I'm installing it right now.
What's so extreme about Peggle Extreme?
No idea, but I love Peggle.
Oh, there you go.
PSA for the listeners.
Go check that out.
Well, now you made me lose my train of thought.
You interrupted me for some stupid Peggle.
Oh, yeah.
Help spread the word about the show and leave us a nice review on iTunes.
We always appreciate that.
And a couple more have popped up in the past few days.
We really, really do appreciate you guys taking the time out to leave us a nice review.
And that doesn't have to just be iTunes.
I know some of you guys are like, oh, I'm never going to touch iTunes with a 10-foot
pole or wherever it is that you can read about podcasts if you can leave a nice review for
us.
That'd be awesome.
All right.
So, let's move on to some gaming news.
Let's get into the news tonight.
We're going to start off with the 3DS launch.
The 3DS did launch in Japan.
It did make its release date.
And I guess, you know, it was a very cold day in Japan, but people were still lining
up for it.
There were extras left over.
You didn't have to pre-order it.
They were able to get their hands on it if they didn't pre-order it.
However, the initial shipment of 400,000 units already gone.
That's the early word.
Yeah, not surprising.
Not surprising.
The same thing happens here.
Because it prints money.
I think if you're on it day one, you can get it, but it'll sell out that first shipment
pretty quick.
So, just so you know, they did have people that were camping out for it.
They had eight launch titles over in Japan.
Some of the best-selling ones, at least visually, I mean, they're not going to know until the
numbers come out.
But people that were on location reporting, watching what people were buying, saying that
Super Street Fighter IV 3D Edition and the Professor Layton game appeared to be the big
sellers, which will probably be similar over here, at least with Super Street Fighter.
Did Professor Layton make launch over here?
I'm not sure it did.
I don't recall.
I think it might have been.
The Layton games are fairly popular here, too.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
They definitely have their audience.
But I think the Super Street Fighter will probably be the big seller out the gate.
And honestly, Nintendogs, I think is going to be a huge one for Nintendo.
Just knowing that the target audience, again, not the folks that listen to this podcast,
but kids, you know, between the ages of like, I don't know, when do kids start using this
the 3DS, maybe like 6, 7 on up through 13 are going to be all over Nintendogs and cats.
And I think even some adults will be, too.
And I got to admit, I'll probably buy it because I'm a sucker.
Big sucker.
Tee hee.
So there you go.
Yeah.
So it's sold out now in Japan.
So if you didn't already import this thing, you might have a hard time.
You're gonna have to wait for the next shipment.
But it does sound like it's a successful launch over there.
Now we want to hear about the next wave of games coming out.
But I guess we'll just have to wait until E3.
Yeah.
Well, I was looking at all the, they've definitely got all the pre-order stuff going on at GameStop
today, which is where I went today to pick up Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
And they're pushing it.
So hey.
But how about something that's a little naughty, Rob?
Yay, I love naughty things.
Naughty.
Wait, should we get Mystique back for this?
Because she's pretty naughty, too.
A little randy.
Oh, okay.
A little raunchy.
A little sassy?
Oh, more than a bit sassy.
Alright.
We have a game that's called We Dare.
It's a party game that's put out by Ubisoft.
And well, it's not coming out in America.
In fact, their spokesperson said it absolutely will not see release in the United States.
The trailer has been region locked to Europe.
And well, really, it has you spanking your friends and snogging your controller and getting
naked.
What?
Release in your underwear.
Okay, wait.
Is this the trailer here?
Can I watch this or is this going to tell me I can only watch this because it's bound
to Europe?
Or is this going to work?
It may, it may.
It may.
It's been two years.
Well, now there's a stupid ad playing, so no one cares about the ad.
Oh, this is a really slow site.
Let me see if it's on YouTube somewhere.
We're going to go to YouTube.
Okay.
I want to see this.
I literally have not.
I heard about the game, but I didn't watch this trailer.
Well, I'm going to pull up the- So it's like, what?
It's like Truth or Dare?
Well, I'm pulling up the Amazon UK product description.
Wow, it's $16.99 over there.
And let's see.
Okay, wait.
Here we go.
Here we go.
I got a trailer.
Okay, right off the bat, that sounds like a Cinemax movie score there in the background.
The cover has a pink chair with a bra on it and a fuzzy handcuffs and some high heels.
Wow.
Hold on, hold on.
Okay, so there's this mini game where there's like an apple.
And the two of them are eating it.
And somebody is like dangling a Wiimote between these two people that are just kind of like,
it's a little bit.
I'm going to leave the thing in the chat room.
Wow.
So this chick had to put a Wiimote in her back pocket, kind of like tucked into the
back of her pants.
And now the boys are spanking her in order to fly through the cloud level here.
Now this other chick, she took her ponytail out.
And of course, the chicks get to spank each other.
Okay, I want someone to get that for me.
Here's the thing.
I'll send you candy.
Okay, so those are like dumb little party games that to be honest, what's the uproar
about this?
I would say that kids would play this because it's a Wii game.
And you know, the target audiences is usually kids because people over here have the big
anal stick.
Okay, here's the thing.
I'm honestly watching those things that are going on.
Those are all the games we played at parties when I was 12.
Yeah, like remember two minutes in the closet, spin the bottle.
Like all that I mean when you were 12 I was at a party five years ago where you're playing
spin the bottle.
Well you kind of defused the point I was about to make because I was going to say now you're
trying to tell me that a bunch of 20 year olds are going to play these same games that
we played when we were 12.
Yes.
Look, we were drunk.
Okay, that's all I'm saying.
I don't need a Wii to help you with that.
You know what I mean?
I don't need a Nintendo Wii to help me with that.
It's a fun idea.
I think that Ubisoft is just being, oh the Americans are going to preach at us.
They're going to sing Jesus on us.
No, it's a little silly that the game can't come out here.
You know, Gripper 01 says it's 16 quid cheap by the way.
Why don't they just put a gigantic red warning label that takes off half the box that says
not for kids and then honestly it will sell more copies if it has that sticker on it.
Because people here don't give a shit.
They don't read the box.
The kids read the box.
Their parents don't read the box.
They expect the person behind the counter to babysit for them.
And guess what?
No.
And then they get all mad.
Oh, but my little kid has this game and they're spanking people in it.
Well, why didn't you supervise the purchase?
Hi?
So I guess it's just too much for us.
Do your damn job.
You could import it I guess if you really wanted.
But I will send a bunch of American candy.
Will this come out in Canada?
To anyone.
I wonder.
I think that's a fair question to ask.
Maybe it will come out in Canada.
I can get it from Amazon CA.
Uh huh.
Ooh, let's check.
Exactly.
All right.
Meanwhile, I'm going to move on to something else.
Although if they get me President Cat, first I'll be happy.
I'm going to move on to something else that sounds like a lot of fun, but in a totally,
totally different way.
This isn't really naughty fun so much as it is, well, you know, you know the dark soccer
myself.
I like Disneyland more than anything and this has to do with the theme park.
I do like booze a lot.
Is there a beer land?
Like, is there like a Disneyland that's just booze everywhere?
Probably not.
Anyhow, this probably won't be it either.
There's a California adventure.
A brand new amusement park in China that is going to feature Warcraft and Starcraft sections
in it.
This is legitimate.
This is not like a trolling thing.
There's pictures of construction that are showing up already.
By the way, not coming out in Canada.
It's not on their list.
Oh, bummer.
All right.
The park is called Joyland.
It's going to be in the Wuzhen District of China.
There's going to be five district areas.
World of Legend, Mole's World, the Island of Mystery, and then there is Universe of
Starcraft and Terrain of Warcraft.
The park is supposed to be opening in March.
Some pictures have leaked to the internet and you can see the construction going on
there and it looks pretty impressive.
Like they're actually building like a castle that looks like the one in Stormwind and one
of those little outpost thingies that the aliens have in Starcraft.
This actually looks really cool.
It's a huge, huge infringement of intellectual property, but because you have the whole international
thing coming into play, it's really hard to say what Blizzard can actually do about it.
Now, some of the big blogs here in the US have tried to reach out to Blizzard for comment,
but of course I don't think Blizzard's going to say anything publicly.
We wish we thought of this first.
Well, that's kind of what I was getting to is that a lot of people, you know, you've
seen this kind of spread across game blogs this week and so forth.
A lot of people think this is a cool idea.
So why don't we have some type of video game theme park already if there's so much interest
in something like this?
Like for real, why don't we have like a video game theme park?
We've got a Harry Potter park too late.
Why not?
Do you think that maybe the audience is just not, I mean, for a World of Warcraft theme
land in a park, people wouldn't be into that?
I think that they're looking at overall closures of theme parks in the US and thinking that
something like that would be too much of a risk to venture the money on.
Why not try to fix something that's already there?
And I'll give you a great example, honestly.
Here in Northern California, one of the only theme parks we have is a place called Great
America in Santa Clara.
And that place used to be awesome, but it's kind of gone downhill in the past couple of
years.
And then they lost the Paramount licensing so they don't have Top Gun the ride anymore.
It's Flight Deck.
And I think the only like tie-ins they have is they have like Nickelodeon areas and they
have a Survivor ride.
Yes, they turned the TV show Survivor into a ride.
It's actually really cool.
It's one of the better rides in the park, honestly, but it's just basically a little
disc-oriented rollercoaster that really has nothing to do with the damn show.
You don't vote people off the ride or nothing.
That'd be cool.
But my thought is, why not try to team up with a park that's badly in need of some fresh
air?
Or here's another great example, Knott's Berry Farm.
I've never been.
Knott's Berry Farm's always kind of been the laughing little brother sitting in Disneyland's
shadow.
And so maybe something like this could help bolster a park's image and give people a reason
to go.
Especially, I mean, Great America being in Santa Clara, being in the heart of Silicon
Valley, is there any better place to build a theme park?
Right.
They should do it.
I think they should do it.
Or they should just buy it.
I mean, Blizzard could probably sneeze and buy it, you know, with their rich money snot,
I guess.
Yeah, I know.
So Bobby is linking me to this.
And I remember he was telling me about this before previously.
There's this website, I guess, of folks that are trying to build a theme park called DemandGameNation.com.
So I'm actually bringing up this website real quick.
So I apologize for any autoplay that's on here.
The first experimental video game theme park and resort.
And they show kind of all the latest news.
Let's see.
What is this?
Let me click on this.
In the next 12 months, we'll be deciding the best location for the experimental theme park.
Visitors will be players as their dreams and fantasies come to life and adventures yet
to be told.
So in the next 12 months, they'll tell us where they're thinking about building the
park.
Dude, I'm telling you, just take something existing that needs the help, seriously.
But I'm glad at least some people are already on it, but that's a monumental undertaking.
That's going to take a lot of money and investments.
And you're right, Jamie, theme parks haven't been doing so well in the recession.
In fact, theme parks have been closing and so forth.
So I really think, I don't know, the smart thing would be to team up with a theme park
that's already there.
Buy an old one out and do your thing.
Reimagine the rides.
Exactly.
And build it somewhere where people are going to want to visit for other stuff too.
Don't build it, you know, in South Dakota.
No offense to the residents of South Dakota, but, you know, you got what?
Mount Rushmore?
Hi, I'm in Delaware.
So you know what I mean?
You got to build it somewhere where people are going to want to go.
Seriously?
Tiger Claw on chat says, you know, we need an orange lounge radio theme park.
You know, I'm just not thinking there's going to be enough of an audience for that.
Maybe what we could get is we could get a booth at the video game theme park.
We would get a little corner of a room, the orange lounge radio booth.
That would probably be the best we could do.
All right.
We'd have, actually we probably wouldn't even have a booth.
We'd probably just, you know, be outside the front door.
Exactly.
It's cold.
We're so cold.
Let us in.
You know what?
We get to drive the bus that goes from the parking lot to the front.
That's what we'll get to do.
We get to clean up after the tram.
And we'll get to, you know, give the little speech.
Hey guys, it's the orange lounge radio safety speech.
No eating, no drinking, no smoking.
Keep your arms, feet, hands, legs, and ass inside the tram at all times.
That'll be us.
Anyhow, let's move on with some more news.
Yeah.
Well, how about, um, something a little bit, well, it kind of makes me laugh, because Portal
2, well, the German Playstation blog was told that it completely supports the move.
But it's not fully integrated yet.
Actually, Valve's like, no.
It was mistranslated from the English to the German.
And then, of course, translated from the messed up German back into English.
So nope.
They say that for the PC it will support the Hydra controller, and that it's going to support
the regular console controllers, but no move.
It could be patched in, but when asked about it, they said, who knows.
We don't know that it'll make the game better.
There's games that the Kinect and the Move are great for, but not this one.
So as they said, though, for the Hydra, that they actually invented puzzles specifically
for how the Hydra would work.
So no move, oops, nine.
I thought it would be a little weird if they just suddenly put the Move in, because, you
know, the PS3 version of Portal 2 is already going to have all these extra features that
aren't on the regular, or I'm sorry, not the regular, the Xbox 360 version, the USB-C version.
With the whole Steam integration and everything like that.
So it would be weird if they had the Move in the PS3 version and then nothing for Kinect.
It would just be weird.
Who said Loki and Tingle?
Oh, that's...
They're talking about the stupid theme park.
This OLR theme park they want to have, where the ferret and President Kat would be mascots.
That's fantastic.
I love our chat room.
Frisbee says there'd be a roller coaster.
I love our chat room.
Oh, boy.
Alright, let's travel the world and check out some release dates, things that are actually
happening near you at a local game store near you.
Coming out this week in the US, since Loki's not here, I'll do the US dates real quick.
Do the Loki voice.
What's the Loki voice?
We got some stuff coming out.
This game's coming out.
It's probably gonna suck.
And some shit on PlayStation 3.
God damn you, Nintendo.
God damn you.
God damn you for releasing this game, Rango.
Who's gonna play that?
Yeah, it's the dude in the Loki voice so that we can pretend we have him here.
March 1st is when Rango comes out on the Wii.
Is that a movie or something?
I think it is.
Johnny Depp does a voice, I guess.
I think there's a lot of people interested in Rift, though.
That is coming out on March 1st.
I believe some people already have it.
If you pre-ordered it, you get the whole early access.
The official release date for the game is March 1st.
This is a new MMO.
Some people are saying it's the WoW Killer, but I hate that term.
It's not the WoW Killer.
The only WoW Killer is WoW.
Like the Remnant Empire.
Yep.
Disgaea, the Afternoon of Darkness on the PSP comes out this week.
More versions of Rango on other systems, including the Xbox 360, blah blah blah.
A brand new racing wheel, if you're so inclined.
You need one for your PC, you can get a $300 racing wheel.
Should I show that to Dan?
Fight Night Champion comes out on the Xbox 360 as well.
And Mahjong Journey, Quest for Tikal.
For you Mahjong fans on the DS, oh boy, it's party time this week.
Let's see if there's anything else here.
I'm the people who really, really like Mahjong.
Well, it's party time.
Disgaea 3, Absence of Justice on the PS3, oh that's a pretty big one there.
Sounds like life at my house.
Yeah, there's some folks that have fun with Disgaea.
That's coming out.
And Fight Night Champion also comes out on the PS3.
Chuck E. Cheese's Sports Games comes out on the Wii.
Really?
What is the Chuck E. Cheese Sports Games?
Is it dodging bullets?
And what else happens at Chuck E. Cheese these days?
Fights that break out at the tables with the animatronic characters.
Like, I don't know if you read the stories about all the really, really terrible things
that happen at Chuck E. Cheese, but let me just say, it's not a place I would ever take
my child.
No, no.
Chuck E. Cheese was awesome when we were kids.
Yes, it was.
Now it's a dangerous place.
Now it's a frightening place, loaded with bad food and unwashed children.
Puzzle Expedition comes out on the Nintendo DS this week, and let's see if there's anything
else here I want to mention.
Minute to Win It on the Nintendo DS as well.
If you're a fan of that crappy game show, then you can get a crappy game to go with
it.
I've never heard of that one, Rob.
What is that?
It's hosted by that guy on the Food Network with the bleached hair who's like 15 years
old.
And it's like, dude, you're too old to bleach your hair.
He's such a bro.
He is.
He's a dude bro.
And he hosts this show where they give away like a million fucking dollars if he can throw
ping pong balls into cups.
Like it's the weirdest.
That's bizarre.
It's like, you know, the budget is that of going to Target and buying plastic wreaths
that they build games out of and they give away a million dollars.
And I guess that's a whole-
We made this game out of the dollar store.
So here's the deal, guys.
If you want to play the home version of Minute to Win It, you could spend $40 on the DS version
or you could go to the 99 cent clearance center and buy some ping pong balls and some plastic
cups and play the actual games that they play on the show.
Or you could pay 10 times as much and play some fake shit.
Shitty.
I am astounded every day at what goes on in this industry.
People are tarred.
And folks in chat rooms speaking up there, Defective Candy says his name is Guy and he's
from the Food Network.
Yes, that's his name.
Guy.
I think he owns a joint.
Isn't Johnny Garlic's his chain or is that someone else?
I have no idea.
Guy Fairey.
Yeah.
That's it.
I think he owns that Johnny Garlic's.
There's one of those out in Roseville.
Overpriced.
Yeah.
Anyhow, William Murderface in chat says it's beer pong for kids.
Kinda.
Kinda.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
Dark Sakura, I would love nothing more.
You know how people do like those YouTube reaction shots of people watching Two Girl
One Cup for the first time or whatever?
Yeah.
What I would like to do is I'd like to have a reaction shot of you watching Minute to
Win It for the first time and just you going, what the fuck is this?
People fucking watch this?
This is why I don't watch TV.
This is a million dollars they give away for this?
I have to say something to X-Link real quick.
What's that?
Says that he needs to lose weight and not talk about food.
No, I don't want a skinny chef.
That's true.
You don't trust a skinny chef.
Julia Childs or those two fat British women who made everything with cream and lard because
you know their food was fucking delicious.
I want the fat British women to cook my food.
All right.
I have to think one of them died.
Can I do Japanese releases?
Yeah, I guess.
All right.
Coming out in Japan this week on the Xbox 360, Borderlands and a Hokuto Musou get price
reductions because they go into the platinum collections.
Friday Night Champion is the new release to look for on the Xbox 360 this week.
Moving on to the PlayStation 3, I imagine they get Fight Night Champion there as well.
Yep.
They also get Samurai Dou 4 comes out there from Spike.
That is a, what kind of game is this here?
I'm trying to look at some of the screenshots.
This looks like kind of like a adventure-y type of Yakuza-y type of game, but set in
more like the ancient Japan and I doubt it's quite as in depth as those Yakuza games because
I don't know if you ever played those games, but man, there's like tons of stuff you can
do in them.
On the Nintendo Wii this week, nothing.
It's the Nintendo Wii.
There's nothing coming out for it.
On the Nintendo 3DS, yes, we have to start reading those dates now.
On the 3DS, Shanghai 3D Cube and Super Monkey Ball 3D come out this week.
More Mahjong!
More Mahjong!
That's right.
Oh, by the way, Rob, apparently Betty White won for sound mixing in Inception.
No one curr.
On the Nintendo DS, we have Digimon Story in Super Stross Wars Red and Blue.
Digimon, Dr. Soccer, you were the only person I knew that liked Digimon.
Oh, I liked the anime.
And then you don't like the games?
I had a Digimon.
Lastly, on the PSP, this is a huge, huge release, probably the biggest release of the week,
Dissida 012, Duodecim Final Fantasy, that's right, the sequel to Final Fantasy Dissida
makes its way out in Japan this week on the PSP, so I'm sure there will be a lot of folks
into that.
Alright, how about the UK?
Well for the UK, we do have some interesting news.
This is BBC2 bringing you the news on game releases in the United Kingdom.
Okay, actually on the first we have Fable 3, again, Fable 3 was kind of crap.
We have Two Worlds 2, we have Beyond Good and Evil HD, that one's on the second by the
way.
On the fourth we have Fight Night Champion, Hybrid Dimension Neptunia, Pokemon Black,
Pokemon White, Rift, Planes of Who Gives a Crap, I mean, sorry, Talara, and U-Draw.
It wasn't that bad, Rift was interesting, but I don't know, I can't pay for another
MMO right now, I've got too many other expenses to worry about.
I can't pay for them either.
So, that's it?
That's it.
Alright, then let's move on to some rapid fire news, we're gonna go over some news very
quickly here.
By the way, this is your last chance to get the Twitter topics in, we're gonna be doing
Twitter topics in just a moment, so get those in at Twitter.com slash O-L-R, we're gonna
be doing those in just a minute.
But first, I'm gonna start off with some rapid fire news, some quick stuff.
Dragon Age 2, the demo for that hit Xbox Live, and it's getting a lot of good reception out
there, it's also on the PC and so forth.
Dragon Age 2 is gonna be coming out very soon, and they have announced that there's going
to be a theme song in the game by Florence and the Machine, who's a pretty popular band
these days.
They were really indie for a while, and then she did the dog days are over thing at the
MTV awards, and it just blew up, they're huge, they're everywhere.
Anyway, she's really awesome, actually, and a song from the album Lungs, called I'm Not
Calling You a Liar, is being reimagined.
So it's gonna be called I'm Not Calling You a Liar, Dragon Age 2, Variks theme.
Here's the original, if you want a taste of what the song sounds like.
So you kinda get the idea, they'll rework that song a little bit, it's not gonna sound
just like that, but that's gonna be the theme song for Dragon Age 2.
Some websites shut down this week, some community-based websites, as you probably heard about before
on the show before us, Bobby Black Wolf Show, 360 Junkies was a blog about the 360, and
unfortunately they had to close their door this week due to personal issues.
Mygamercard.net was a pretty big website in the community that also had to shut down this
week, so we lost two good ones this week, unfortunately.
The story behind mygamercard.net, though, a little more dramatic.
The founder of the website, Jason Young, left a pretty big goodbye on the site, saying,
quote, the love for community has been lost by Microsoft, saying that a lot of the community
stuff that has been going on has stagnated, and even used the term lack of respect, ouch.
But yeah, it does seem like things have changed a little bit community-wise over at Xbox.
I mean, you know, they closed the Gamerscore blog a little while ago, I know Trixie360
isn't involved anymore, she went to another company, you know, it's just...
She's great.
Yeah, she's cool, and it's just different over there now.
So it's, I don't know, it's kind of unfortunate.
I wonder if this will serve as a wake-up call to Microsoft.
Maybe there will be some type of community thing in response.
I think it's going to be very interesting to see if Microsoft responds to this, or if
they just don't care.
It's going to be very interesting to see what happens with that.
Because a lot of people were using that GamerCard service, you know, on their websites, and
I even had it on my LiveJournal.
We had a little, you know...
Yeah, set it up when it worked.
Just for kicks.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, yeah, they're shut down, so yikes.
Anyhow, one other quick thing I want to mention to you guys, it's something called Every Air.
It's a program that will let you play PlayStation 3 games on an iOS device, like the iPhone,
the iPad, or the iPod, what have you.
Yeah, it's a group of iOS developers that are working on a customizable software that
lets you play high-end PS3 games on your iOS.
So it's something where they've done this with wrangling of hardware and software.
They will actually let you play PS3 games on the iPhone, iPad, and so on.
I think what's going on, they actually like stream it.
They explain how this works.
The trick is to connect a capture device and a USB mouse keyboard device to the PS3.
The capture device sends video data to the PC, and the USB keyboard and mouse sends the
button presses.
On the PC itself, you run a custom build of Every Air, which understands custom gestures
and pipes the input into the PC, which then sends it to the PS3 via the input interpreter.
Gotta be honest, this sounds like a whole lot for what's not going to be very practical,
but they do show some video of this thing running.
There's a whole little YouTube there.
Let's see if we can get past the animation there, get to this thing actually working.
Yeah, there's somebody playing LittleBigPlanet on their phone, starting it up.
So, I don't know though, that seems like a lot just to get that working on your iPod.
It doesn't, I don't know.
But hey, it's one of those things where it's like installing Linux on a toaster.
Why do it?
Because we can.
Exactly.
We do what we must because we can.
Absolutely.
So there you go.
Yeah.
Well, how about some other news, Rob?
First of all, the PlayStation, sorry, the PSP, is going to be having a price drop.
It's going to go down to $130.
So I wonder if that's, you know, preparing the market, maybe clearing out some inventory
for the new thingies coming out, but, you know, they've been slashing them, so now it's
actually somewhat affordable.
Who knows, right?
And another happy, happy, happy news.
The Legend of Zelda celebrates 25 years.
We have had Legend of Zelda for a very long time, older than a lot of our listeners.
And of course, we are going to be seeing Ocarina of Time and Skyward Sword coming out, hopefully
before too long.
And pretty cool stuff.
Rob, did you start off with the first one?
Which one?
I'm sorry.
The first Legend of Zelda.
Oh, gosh, yes.
Of course.
That was my very first Zelda game.
I remember playing that in the fourth grade.
That was one of the first games I had to buy for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Fantastic game.
And it was gold.
Except I'm sad that it's 25 years old, because that means I'm old.
No.
And then there is an Xbox Live Arcade game that's a Minecraft clone.
Actually it's done by Projector Games, and it's called, well, I just said, Fortresscraft.
There's a Twitter for it, and they're releasing aspects of the game in different chapters.
Chapter one is Minecraft Creative, chapter two is Crafting, three is Life, four is Machinery,
five is Minions, six is PvP, seven is Fortress Assault Mode.
So it says that the first chapter is going to be coming out for a dollar.
March 4th, 80 bucks.
Beware the Ides of March.
Alright.
That's not the fourth, is it?
Whatever.
Not yet.
So yeah.
Alright, let's go to the Twitter, and read some of the Twitter topics you guys have sent
us tonight.
Which isn't a lot.
The tweets are looking very thin tonight, it must be because everybody's tweeting about
the Oscars, I don't know.
They're watching Betty White.
I guess.
Let's see, going to Morning Wolf on Twitter says, I thought of you guys when I played
pinball yesterday.
Oh, that's sweet.
What's going on in the pinball world?
Pinacogo's coming up I think next month.
What, Pinacogo's that big convention?
Is that the one in Dixon?
I think it's the one in Dixon.
Oh god.
But apparently they actually use the air conditioner now.
Oh, that's good.
That'll be good.
Last year it was still too hot.
Are there any new pinball tables that have come out recently?
Whatever Stern's put out.
Oh yeah, there was the, they had a Dark Knight table, I remember seeing it.
Stern's the only one doing anything.
The last one, the last new table of theirs that I played was Iron Man.
Oh wow.
And that was last year at Classic Gaming Expo.
Let's see, Flaming Toilet was blanking on our email wanting to know if it was mailbag
at OrangeLaundry.com.
It is actually mailbag at OrangeLaundry.com.
There you go.
Tiger Claw is sending us a tweet that is Grand Theft Auto related.
Well, I've got to say this in honor of Loki not being here tonight.
Apparently Take Two has registered some Grand Theft Auto style domains.
They include CashForDeadDreams.com, SixFigureTemps.com, LifeInvader.com, StopPayingYourMortgage.net,
and HammersteinFaust.com.
People are thinking that this all kind of sounds like the parodies that happen in Grand
Theft Auto.
It is Take Two that actually registered these domains, they're not just like random things
out of the blue.
So yeah, these are probably some of the gags that are coming up in the next Grand Theft
Auto game, which everybody is anticipating will be a huge announcement at E3 this year.
We'll see.
It looks like a few more people have sent you tweets.
I'm looking, I'm looking.
Oh yes, SSJ100Matt is sending us a tweet about the whole, ah yes, Chinatown Fair has closed
its doors and that officially happened on Saturday.
You know, some of my friends on Twitter, not to hijack and talk about a different subject,
but some of my friends on Twitter were at AI, which closed their doors last night, Saturday,
was like the last night of Arcade Infinity.
So there was a bunch of people there.
Isn't that weird how that happened on both coasts at the same time?
Yeah.
Kind of creepster.
But yeah, Arcade Infinity closed its doors last night and then we have now Chinatown
Fair did actually close.
Sad.
Supposedly though, there is some hope, it does sound like they're going to move to an
unspecified location in Williamsburg.
So perhaps it's not gone forever, it will just be in a new place.
I'd hate to see all those pretty machines go to waste.
Look at that.
They have little sit down super street fighter machines.
Last call was at 1245 AM.
Aww.
Bye guys.
Good luck.
I'm always sad to see more Arcades close.
Alright.
One last tweet for you guys here.
This is from Tigerclaw.
It's a Kinect 3D printing mechanism.
Yeah, it's some type of, it's called Fabricate Yourself and it uses 3D models that the Kinect
captures to make 3D printed figures.
Interesting.
They were showing this off at what was called the Tangible Embedded and Embodied Interaction
Conference.
They took some attendees, had their shapes captured with Kinect and then they got turned
into big giant puzzle pieces.
So all these like people that were at the expo kind of all went into these puzzle pieces
and I can't really explain this on the radio.
But I don't know, they look like little bars of soap with raised imprints of people.
But that's kind of cool that they use Kinect to I guess, you know, do that really cheap,
I don't want to say motion cap, but kind of that same technology where they can outline
a body real quick with that.
So that's pretty cool.
Rob, Rob, breaking news.
What's that?
JC Penney has a new logo and it's shitty.
Who cares?
I care.
Alright.
That's it for the tweets tonight.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R if you want to send us some more tweets for next time.
Meanwhile.
Look at that.
It's horrible.
What are they thinking?
Who cares?
Remember it's a video game show.
Remember?
I care.
I'm a designer.
I care.
Alright.
Moving on.
And apparently Trent Reznor won an Oscar.
Well now that's, that's a little better.
Alright.
Yeah.
More Guitar Hero and DJ Hero download content is actually coming.
This is a little bit surprising because people were thinking that when Activision closed
down the franchises, they were done for good.
In fact, the official Twitter feeds at a one time said there's not going to be any more
content, but they have changed course this week.
Both series said on their Twitter feeds that feeds that continued support from the communities
have announced a change.
They will be doing more DLC for both franchises.
Now we don't usually see weekly content in these games.
It's usually more of a monthly thing, but it's still kind of exciting that there'll
be something else, especially because that whole pendulum pack went to a DJ Hero last
time.
That was a pretty awesome pack.
So more information coming soon.
And of course that's all we know.
Soon.
Tempting us.
I know.
Well, you know Telltale, they're a company that we're a pretty big fans of.
Well they wanted to do a Scott Pilgrim game and we're told no.
The creator, Brian Lee O'Malley said, he put it on his Twitter that they approached him,
but he did not want it to be an Avenger game.
He wanted it to be a platformer, which it was pretty, pretty sad though.
I think it could have done both.
Yeah.
I'm kind of surprised, especially, well, maybe not surprised, but the movie didn't do so
hot.
So, I mean, maybe a, well, I don't want to say a better game because the game that came
out was pretty awesome, especially in that whole eight bit throwback kind of way.
And it's, it's pretty great.
But I mean, another game wouldn't have, uh, I think hurt things, but maybe, and it's hard
to tell from this story, but maybe, uh, Telltale wanted to do this instead of what ended up
ultimately happening.
I mean, we don't have a timetable as to when this was asked.
I mean, this could have been years ago.
We know that Telltale likes to adapt things from comic books.
Uh, so, you know, we had a bunch of stories last week about the walking dead, uh, having
its comic book being adapted, uh, even though it's happens to be a TV show now.
And then, uh, there was the fable, the, um, the fairytales fables, the adult ones that's
being translated as well.
So it's not like they didn't have their eyes on various comic books.
So Scott Pilgrim of course was a comic book before it was a movie.
So, um, that would have been great, but yeah, it would have been great, but I mean, what
came out was good, was fine.
Yeah.
It was better than fine.
It was great.
Yeah.
So, but it would be nice to see what they would have come up with because that probably
could have been pretty awesome too.
Oh yeah.
So who knows, but, uh, yeah, so that is, uh, not happening.
Also not happening Blockbuster.
This is kind of a blast from your past, but yeah, Blockbuster is going to be selling off
its assets, which are valued at $290 million.
Here's the deal.
Uh, a limited liability company actually bought all the funds of Blockbuster, which is Cobalt
Video Hold Co, and, uh, they have actually stepped in to sell off Blockbuster's assets.
Uh, so they're going to be, uh, uh, fielding offers, I guess it's $290 million is the starting
point there.
And, uh, they did do the bankruptcy filing some time ago, so this isn't really surprising.
We've kind of seen the end coming for Blockbuster for some time.
That was in September of 2010.
So what happens from here, I'm not sure.
I don't know if this means that somebody could step in and buy the whole damn chain and take
over from there, or if this means they're just going to liquidate everything, which
could be if there, especially if there isn't a buyer, uh, they'll probably end up having
to do that.
It's really not surprising.
Um, no, they're probably going to go away.
I think that's what a lot of people is expecting to happen.
I mean, especially in this day, day and age of, uh, you know, the Netflix and the Amazon.
Well, that's the same thing that happened with, uh, Hollywood is they liquidated, um,
to try to, uh, get, to keep from going into bankruptcy, but it looks like Blockbuster's
already in.
Yeah.
They're, they're going to go.
Bye bye.
Yep.
So they're, they went to the mail, you know, too late in the game.
They're they're gone.
It's kind of weird because as I remember as a kid going to rent games at Blockbuster,
so it's just kind of weird to see these things I remember from my childhood now folding and
going away forever.
But I mean, when was the last time I went to a Blockbuster?
I couldn't even tell you a long time ago, a very long time ago.
We're ready to get to the email bag, mailbag at orangeslawnsradio.com.
Let us do such a thing.
We have one email.
One.
Dear OLR, long time email or first time listener.
I think the fall of the hero franchise is due to one simple reason.
The Will and Grace Syndrome.
Like the groundbreaking NBC sitcom that limped through its final seasons by stunt casting
out the wazoo, the equally groundbreaking Guitar Hero took the same route with its own
stunt casting.
Ozzy Osbourne, Tom Morello, no doubt, Kurt Cobain, et cetera, limping to its final installment
with Gene Simmons.
While Rock Band has done this to a point, they've managed to limit it to band centric
games like and such as the Beatles and Green Day Rock Band.
Although they did have real bands such as Spinal Tap and Queen and Let Go Rock Band,
these bands were limited to performing their own songs, making their appearances more special
and less awkward.
Seeing Ozzy Osbourne singing La Bamba is akin to having Madonna playing Karen Walker's trashy
roommate.
While it's entertaining for a moment, in the end, it makes you wonder if it really added
anything besides being quick publicity.
It might be fun once or twice, but after a while, you stop caring and start to get annoyed
by it.
Stay black and get well soon, Loki, flaming toilet.
That's it.
I think the emailer is actually really onto something there with the whole it just it
did become a bit of a carnival of sports, carnival of crap.
Rock Band never kind of went there.
You know, I was always able to take Rock Band more seriously.
And I'll tell you what it really boiled down to for me was the support.
I mean, it's funny that we had that story a little bit ago about the whole support with
the download content and more of it coming out on the Guitar Hero and DJ Hero games,
because I always kind of felt that Rock Band was so much better supported with the download
content.
And that's part of what kind of swayed me over to that series.
No, I agree.
And the whole like Kurt Cobain and Slash stuff, I could care less about that in a game.
Yeah.
And I don't know a lot of people that do care about that stuff.
I mean, maybe they're out there.
I just don't know them, but I don't think it's that big a deal.
So maybe that cost them too much and ended up putting them out of business.
I don't know.
I don't know.
All right, let's get into the FUs of the week.
It's the part of the show where we rant because we're mad.
My FU first goes to my tooth, which I think I got something caught under it, but OK.
Just to go a little bit into stupid dental history of me.
My canines are still my baby teeth.
So they don't have long roots.
So things get caught under them really easily and it hurts.
So yes.
Another FU goes to the Oscars for not being all 100 percent about Betty White and Trent
Reznor.
FU to Trent Reznor for not doing a duet with Betty White.
And FU to being too busy.
Done.
My FUs of the week, FU to Loki for not being here tonight, but feel better.
FU to his hernia.
That's right.
FU to his hernia and FU to the drugs that are preventing him from driving.
Although I would want every pill of the world if I had just had surgery too.
So I feel you.
Seriously, though, I would say an FU to FU to expenses and how quickly they add up FU
to money.
I mean, money is great and all, but money, you know, can also kind of be well, money
can also be kind of a pain in the ass.
Hey, Rob, what's that?
I'm going to offer an anti FU to Irene because she's hilarious.
Why is that?
She called you a shirt because she's trolling me on Facebook.
Whatever.
All right.
It made me laugh.
One more story for you guys.
Then we're going to get to the classic game of the week and your calls coming very soon.
Oh yeah.
That was a thank you chat room for reminding me of a good point.
FU to the fact that the Oscars didn't nominate Tron for best original score.
I know, right?
Because seriously, I mean, I get that Trent Reznor won and he's cool and all, but Daft
Punk is better.
Sorry.
Said it.
Buttholes.
Anyhow.
They're smelly stinky crusty buttholes.
You might've heard that, uh, they, uh, really made it harder to get into E3 this year.
If you are a, uh, independent journalist and so forth, you need X number of hits on your
website in order to be able to get in.
And so a lot of people are not able to go this year.
Well, guess who's coming to the rescue.
Guess who's running a contest to send you to E3?
Your mom.
No, but close.
Kmart.
What?
Yes, that's right.
The home of things from the 1990s, uh, is going to be sending folks to E3.
The place with the old lady clothes?
Yep.
So there you go.
Uh, Kmart is, uh, running a thing on their gaming blog that will send three lucky writers
to the event, including airfare and hotel.
The writers get to cover the event for their own outfits, but this will be reposted on
Kmart gamer.
Um, I've got to be honest, considering everything that's come into play with what's going on
in the media and so forth, uh, with E3 and the, the crackdown and all that.
This kind of pisses me off actually, is that it's kind of like poo pooing what was really
insulting to a lot of people.
I think that we're working very hard.
It's kind of one of those things where it's like, well, I can get in through a Kmart contest,
but it's only three people.
Well, but it's only one person or it's only, you know what I mean?
Like, I bet there's a lot of websites that would want to make that argument right now.
It's only one person or it's only two people.
So why does Kmart get to send three random people to what is supposed to be more of a
clamped down show?
If I were the people running E3, I would shut this shit down.
Like it's just, I'm sorry, but that's probably how I feel from the E3 people.
And then I kind of see that as, I don't know, it's a little bit of paid them a bunch of
money.
Well, that's just me.
And then sucked a little bit of, you know, yeah, probably involve that too.
I don't know.
All right, let's get to the classic game of the week.
Every week here on the show, dark soccer likes to take a trip down memory lane and find a
game that she thinks, hey, you brats, you ought to be playing this game this week.
It's a classic game of the week.
Dark soccer.
What is the classic game of the week?
I sometimes trip over the game and fall on my face.
Oh, oh, sorry.
Did I say that out loud?
My bad.
Um, today's game is Pokemon snap.
Yay.
It is a first person rail shooter, um, slash simulation game.
And it was, uh, done by how laboratory with packs soft NECA and it was published by Nintendo
for the Nintendo 64.
And basically in this game, um, you go around as this, uh, dude with a camera you play well
in a Japan, his name is Toru, um, over here, he's Todd snap, who is a Pokemon photographer
and professor Oak or Okey-doke, I should say, wants him to, uh, take pictures around the
island so that they can, uh, show Pokemon in their natural habitats.
So you go around in a motorized little buggy called the zero one and you take pictures
of the Pokemans, my Pokemans, let me show you them with my camera.
So, uh, you, uh, get different points based for, uh, the size and the pose and keeping
it in frame, you get double points if it's centered, you have extra points for capturing
them in a special pose, for example, a surfing Pikachu, or if you get multiples of the same
Pokemon in the same image and you, uh, basically, uh, hold onto your photos, you can get better
photos as you go, but you've got different levels, you have the beach, the tunnel, volcano,
river, cave, valley, and the rainbow cloud, um, but some of the items have you play through
the levels, again, you'll get new things that let you do new stuff in each level so you
can get hidden Pokemon or alternate routes, um, get, uh, different photographs and then
you get pester balls cause it's super effective, you use those to knock out Pokemon or to get
them out of hiding, you get a Poke Flute, which is used to wake up Pokemon, irritate,
or hatch them, and then it can make them dance, and, uh, they can do certain dances, and then
you get a dash engine which lets you go faster than usual, and then you also get this thing
called an album mark where you can, uh, mark which ones are your favorite photos.
Pretty fun, huh?
This game is addicting, it's crap, seriously, but it originally was developed as a Nintendo
64 double D game, and it has, uh, 63 of the original generation of Pokemon, and it came
out on March 21st, 1999 in Japan, and June 30th and September 15th in North America and
PAL regions, both in 1999, the virtual console we got it, um, that, uh, well, you couldn't
save your, well, because it's different hardware, we, you actually would be able to, uh, share
the photos with your friends on different ways, and it came out on December 4th, 10th,
and 11th, uh, 2007 in Japan, then North America, then the PAL regions, respectively, and, uh,
it did not start as a Pokemon game, but they thought Pokemon would make itself.
And guess what?
That's true.
I will also tell you that there is another game that is like this, that completely sucks
and I spent too much money on it, and that is the Cardcaptor Sakura game, however, it
came with a clock, a spoon, a fork, a knife, and a pillowcase, so that was pretty cool.
Back to Pokemon Snap, um, it was marketed heavily by Nintendo and Blockbuster, and,
um, the Japanese convenience store Lawson also had a deal where you could bring in copies
of Pokemon Snap and save your pictures to be printed, and, um, we had the same thing
at the Blockbuster for Pokemon Snap, I wish we did a few of those, and they actually had
a contest where you could take your best shot and, uh, you win a trip to Australia.
I remember that, because we tried to do that, I wanted to go to Australia.
Wow, that's pretty hardcore.
Yeah.
And then, um, Nintendo had a Pokemon Snap event called Pokemon League Summer Training
Tour, so, uh, it sold, like, a bunch in Japan for its first week, it ranked fifth in the
United States, it sold over 151,000 copies in the first three weeks of its release, and
it was the most rented game up to October 22, 1999, and it was one of the top ten, uh,
best selling games as of November of the same year.
It was really, really cool, so it sold over 1.5 million copies in the US, so, uh, very,
very cool stuff.
It was super fun, um, it got a 77 on Metacritic, it, it really, honestly, I think of all of
the, uh, Pokemon games that came out, it was just so fun, really, it was so different and
so unique, that it really, I don't see how it couldn't have, you know, have won.
It was, it was a fantastic game, and there are certain people that says that this is
a game that should have never worked, but it just did, so, but, honestly, I, I, like
I said, they've done other types of games like this that just did not do very well,
and like, remember the, uh, Africa taking pictures of animals thing, and, uh, Dead Rising
even had the, the snap thing, remember?
Oh yeah, that was one of the best parts of Dead Rising, the original one.
So it's not as if the concept isn't well-liked, it's just a matter of execution, and I really
think this was executed well, and the other thing too, is because of how brilliantly marketed
it was.
Do you remember, Rob, don't you?
Not really, because we didn't really go to Blockbuster ever, I mean, I did go there a
little bit when I was more in, like, college, but when I was younger, like, we didn't really
go to Blockbuster, so we didn't, we had more of an independent chain locally, so we didn't
get any of that, like, printer stuff, and I didn't own it in Nintendo 64 anyway.
They were also doing, because at the same time they also had, um, the Pikachu Gankidechu,
which in Japan, that's what it was, in the US it was, um, Hey You Pikachu, where you
could talk to Pikachu, and remember C-Man, basically, had that, and, um, Pokemon Stadium,
which I thought was a fantastic concept, but this one of the, you know, 3D entrances of
Pokemon, I think this one, to this day, is the best.
This is by far a game that I could just sit for hours and vegetate on and just keep playing,
even though it's a Nintendo 64 title, I mean, I was, when we got ready for Nintendo 64 the
first time around, I was pissed off, because how was I going to play Pokemon Snap?
Well, thankfully there's the Wii Virtual Console on it, but, um, I remember that was a big
deal because you could send the pictures through the Wii Connect, one of the few changes they
made, I guess.
Wonderful!
Yeah, because you're not storing them on the cartridge, you're storing them on the Wii,
so, you totally could do it.
Wonderful!
And the voice acting, uh, I like it, because it had such limited voice capacity, so, I
thought, Nintendo's always done this, though, that they've had, you know, a couple lines
of dialogue to sort of give you the impression of what the character's going to sound like
without recording full-on dialogue.
I liked Pokemon Puzzle League myself, but I guess we'll have to wait another week for
that.
Perhaps.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week, Pokemon Snap, for the Nintendo
64.
A game that I really like, just so you know.
So, all right, uh, we're going to go to the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username
on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, we're going to take some calls here to close out the show.
Remember guys, in case you missed the beginning of the show tonight, it is a short show tonight,
uh, Loki was recovering from surgery, we didn't have time to get a guest host, and it's kind
of a, it's kind of a slow news week anyway, and the Oscars and everything are going on,
so we're going to just, we're doing a minimum day, we call it here at OrangeLoungeRadio,
like the days we used to have in school.
So we do have the Skype line open, I would ask if there's last minute stories, but Dark
Soccer usually doesn't go hunting for those, that's a Loki thing, so.
Pink Berry is our last minute story.
The Oscars were won by Pink Berry and Betty White.
So we're going to wait for some calls here, uh, I'll try to see if there's anything real
quick here that I can pull up.
I should have been doing this before, but I've had to multitask even more than usual
because Loki's not here, so I don't have as much time between stories.
But what we do have, what's that?
We have, um, Shermy, who is laying at your feet loyally, looking offended at you.
Why would Shermy be offended by me?
She's offended by everybody.
She's mad at me because I stepped on her head while I was recording another podcast this
morning by accident.
Let me get into a couple last minute stories for you guys.
I thought we had covered this last week, but it was in our thread for this week.
I think this is just like some extra stuff even happening.
There is the Expert Remix and fan-created Cramps chapters of Super Meat Boy are coming
for free, which I think is awesome.
You are not going to have to pay extra money for this or what have you, you can just get
this for free.
By the way, the internets, which was the other bonus levels, where these two other new levels
are going into, they're all going to be in the internets section, you used to have to
get either 15 bandages or 40 completed levels now will also open the internets stage, which
I think is pretty awesome.
So check that out.
All right.
That's pretty cool.
Let's look at some other stories here.
Oh, apparently, um, breast milk ice cream, um, is sold out at a London store.
Disgusting.
Sounds so disgusting.
It's called Baby Gaga Breast Milk Ice Cream.
I just caught that.
It's hilarious.
It was on NPR.
Gross.
Hey, that's what babies drink.
But you don't make ice cream out of it for not babies.
You drink breast milk from cows.
It's just different.
DDR Hottest Party 4 is going to be coming out for the Wii if you are still following
this series.
Of course, this is the Wii series of DDR games going to be coming out on the 29th of April.
New features and innovations they're saying.
All right.
Well, we'll see.
I guess you're supposed to be using now, uh, the Wii remote, the nunchuck and the dance
mat all together to do hot new dance moves.
There will be 20 licensed tunes, everything from Lady Gaga to Paramore Lord.
I guess they're trying to do more of a full body thing with all those parts, like kind
of what you do with the connect.
That's what they're trying to do with the hottest party.
I guess we'll see how that actually plays out.
Yeah, I know.
I just want DDR.
Let's see the fate of freestyle games.
The DJ Hero developer still undecided, and a lot of that ties in as well to the announcement
that there's still download content coming.
So freestyle games has not had the plug pulled on it yet.
They may be able to make other games, maybe even a new DJ Hero game.
I would be more curious to see if anything is happening with that 3D DJ Hero thing that
they showed at E3.
Would you be interested in playing DJ Hero on the 3DS?
Uh, you know, I could see it happening.
I think it would actually be really cool.
There's another iOS game coming out, an adventure game, called Critter Crunch.
I'm sorry, it's by Critter Crunch.
It's called Super Brothers Sword and Sorcery EP, which is a 21st century update to the
works of Miyamoto, Mercer, and Chahi, as it's on the official website.
Sounds like it's going to be pretty cool.
It's uh, it definitely is pretty.
It'll be out on March 22nd.
Alright, let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is CT.
Hey, Dartetsuya, what's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, hang on.
Turn down your speakers.
Yes, first rule of radio, you gotta mute what you're listening to, or you'll hear yourself
and it messes with you.
What's up, buddy?
Yeah, sorry.
I wanted to talk about this new MMO outfit.
Is it The Rift?
It's called, oh no, it's called NESstalgia.
NESstalgia?
I seem to, I think I saw something, a late tweet had come in on this after that segment
was done.
But what's NESstalgia?
Well, imagine like Dragon Warrior, but like an MMO, like Warcraft.
How exactly does this play?
Is it like an old school Nintendo game or what?
Yeah, well yeah, it looks just like the old Dragon Warrior game, only you're playing with
lots of other people.
And what makes this game fun?
Well it's, it's...
It's old school.
That's why it's awesome.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like playing, it's like playing an old RPG, but with everybody.
Can you make your own content in this or is it like kind of a linear thing?
Oh no, you can create your own character, choose different colors and all that.
Gotcha.
Different classes.
All right.
I'm watching a video of it.
It looks interesting, but honestly I like World of Warcraft.
Do you think this NESstalgia will tear people away from World of Warcraft?
Is it free?
Oh yeah.
Oh, that's cool.
Free is good.
All right.
What's the website where we can check it out?
Oh shoot, I have to, I don't have to find it.
I'll have to Google it to find out.
Yeah.
All right.
DT, I will check that game out.
I promise.
Anything else you want to share with listeners tonight?
No, that's it.
All right.
We'll check it out.
Take care, buddy.
It totally looks like it stole Final Fantasy sprites.
Oh, there it is.
Gamer girl just said in a chat room there.
It's silkgames.com is where you can get that.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Why?
It doesn't look that good?
I'm already paying for something, so I'll play the thing I'm paying for.
This is free.
Yeah, but I won't have time.
Sometimes the diversion is nice.
That's why I have a DS.
I'm actually playing Final Fantasy 3, and usually that's when I don't want to talk to
people.
And honestly, if I wanted something that was sprite based, I'd go back to Ragnarok.
So I can play that for free too, and it looks better.
All right.
Let's try to take some more calls here.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Dark Jester.
How you doing?
Hey, good.
How are you, buddy?
I'm doing okay.
What's on your mind?
Well, I want to let y'all know that I'm the first time live listener, and I've listened
to a few of your past ones, and I hear y'all saying to tell your friends and everything.
And I wanted to let y'all know that I heard about you guys through another podcast.
Oh, really?
Just to let y'all know, other people are letting other people know about you.
That's cool.
I hope it was good stuff and not the type of stuff you'd see written on the bathroom
wall for a good time.
No, no, no, no.
It was good stuff.
Oh, good.
That's cool.
So where are you calling from, if you don't mind me asking?
I'm sorry?
Where are you calling from?
Louisiana.
Cool.
Well, I'm an Alabama native.
Really?
Yeah.
From Mobile.
Well, I'm calling from Louisiana, but I'm from Texas, so I've never really been to Mobile
either.
Well, that's okay.
You're not missing much.
Just Mardi Gras.
So what was the other podcast that we should be sending Valentine's cards to a little late?
It was All Gen Gamers.
All Gen Gamers.
I have to admit, I have heard of that show, but I don't think I've listened to them lately,
so I'll have to check it out.
It's fairly new.
They mentioned y'all when they were all hyping about their being on their 30th show, and
one of the other hosts on the show said that it's a big deal for them, but it was an even
bigger deal for you guys hitting those 400 episodes.
I wish them luck.
I hope they stick it out.
Doing what we do here, it's not that hard, honestly.
It's just kind of having that drive to come back week after week and just being in it
for the right reasons.
We know we're not going to be super famous.
That's not the reason to be in this, but just the crowd that we have here in the chat room
really makes it worth it, and just the positive feedback that we do get.
Believe me, we've got to put up a lot of BS sometimes to get through to that, but you
do it for the cool people that enjoy the show.
I already approve of them because they had an episode called The Cult of Snuggie with
the dog Snuggie.
That was a great episode.
Pretty awesome.
Well, shout out to those guys and a big thank you, and 370 to go.
You can do it.
All right.
Well, anything else on your mind tonight, Dark Jester?
Not that I can think of.
I had a couple of things, but they just kind of flew out of my brain.
I don't really remember them now.
That tends to happen on live radio.
It happens to me all the time.
But if you think about it, send us an email later on, all right?
I sure can.
Thank you.
All right.
Welcome to the show, and have a good one.
Thanks for calling.
You're welcome.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
You know, that's funny because I thought I had seen that name before.
I thought that was one of those, like, long-time listener, first-time caller types of things,
but I guess not.
I'm actually on their Twitter right now, giving them a thank you.
Very cool.
1877 Game OLRs, the number you can call, or our user name on Skype is Orange Launch Radio.
Now, see, what happened is that we were sitting there, like, completely empty for, like, five
minutes, and then all of a sudden, the whole thing lights up.
So hopefully I can get to a couple more of those calls at least.
We'll do that.
All right.
Let's see.
Oh, there it goes.
Phone's ringing.
Let's go take some more calls.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello?
Hola.
Bienvenidos.
Orange Launch Radio.
Deadline.
The person's not really there.
You can always call Echo 1-2-3 to check your connection before you call.
It's always a good thing to do.
Even if you're a long-time caller, Echo 1-2-3 is a good place to start.
Let's go to the phone so we got another call coming in.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, hey.
It's Rhonda from animejamsession.com.
Hey, it's like podcast plugging night.
Anybody else want to plug their show?
It's like independent podcasters of the world unite.
What's up, buddy?
Not too much.
I figured that I'd rest and relax so I can give you my KatsuCon 17 con report.
Yes.
KatsuCon 17.
I went to KatsuCon 13, I think?
What year?
I think it might have been 15.
And yes, there is a picture of you floating around on our Facebook fan page of you as
the Black Mage.
Oh, great.
Joy and Rapture.
All right, yeah, I remember KatsuCon way out there in snowy DC.
How was it?
It was good, but this time we're no longer in DC.
Oh.
Yeah, from my understanding, the omnishore on the Hoity Toity Hotel got tired of the
con, axed the contract, and told them, get the steppin'.
So we're at a brand new place called the Gaylord National Hotel Spa and Resort in National
Harbor, Maryland.
Gaylord.
Only you.
I know.
Well, how'd the con go?
What was up?
What kind of fun things were to be seen at KatsuCon 17?
A lot of cool stuff.
It was like, for me, it was just very spread out, very laid back.
I had a good time.
My partner in crime, he did most of the panel work.
Me, I just did a lot of the footwork of pictures and photography and what was trending in long
lines of cosplay.
And what was trending in cosplay?
Again, it's Hetalia.
And it seems that the popularity of the Final Fantasy cosplay is still going down since
the release of 13.
Of course.
I played one, I actually wanted to cosplay Japan for Hetalia.
I have yet to see Hetalia, but from what I understand, it's very cracked out.
I've seen some crazy ones, well, a friend of mine's going to Comiket this year, and
I'm going to have her take a bunch of pictures because I've seen some fantastic Hetalia cosplay
from Japan.
Has there been any cosplay of pantyhose and stalking?
Because that's my favorite new one.
Yes.
Awesome.
You know this means I could do Supernatural cosplay because it's an anime now?
Oh, God.
You and that show.
It's like your new, you always get obsessed with one show at a time, and now it's that.
And there's been other ones in the past.
But I've watched Supernatural for a while now.
I know.
Thanks to Becky.
It's super strong now.
Blame Becky.
It's all related stuff.
Before we get into video games, you mentioned pantyhose and stalking.
I'm surprised you didn't ask me if I cosplayed from that since you've seen some of the episodes.
Did you cosplay from pantyhose and stalking?
Yes.
I was garter-built.
Awesome.
That's awesome.
Nice.
Very nice.
Yes.
Very nice.
What video game content was there at Katsucon?
A massive gaming room, and I know I've probably said this once before, and I'll most likely
say it again, Dance Dance Revolution is pretty much officially dead at conventions.
Ah, sad face.
Why is that?
They don't get the machines.
Unless you're at a con where it's majority of, if it's a gaming convention or specifically
an anime gaming convention, you'll see it.
So far at cons, most popular games you'll see is Pump It Up, Connect Games, and Rock
Band.
Do you see people playing Dance Central in full cosplay now?
I have.
I've seen a couple of people doing it in full cosplay gear.
Oh.
Nice.
I didn't have any pictures because at the time my camera was charging up in the room.
Excuses, excuses.
You have to go to Fauna Mae this year.
I can't do Fauna Mae this year.
I'm broke.
I really want to do Fauna Mae.
I'm planning on doing Fauna Mae.
You need to talk to people and see if we can do a thing there.
I have to think of a new costume for this year because none of my costumes fit.
Talk to Rice Princess because she was rattling off in guild chat the other night about wanting
to do some type of cosplay.
But anyway, well, let me ask one more question then.
What was some good loot you saw in the dealer room?
T-shirts mostly.
Any good t-shirts?
What kind?
What were some funny slogans you saw?
Alright.
They have a female shirt with two boos on it.
Wait, so it's a shirt with boobs on it?
Yes.
And it says someone lines up, don't touch my boos or leave my boos on.
Thank you.
Please stop looking at my boos.
Oh, it's boo.
I thought it was like actual, like I thought it was like one of those shirts where they
draw the tuxedo on it or something, but like it's just a shirt with boobs drawn on it.
And I was like, why is that?
That's not funny.
That's weird.
That's redundant.
I get it.
Booze.
I like, I like the one that Becky has though, of the d twenties.
It says, yes, they're natural.
Oh yeah.
I've seen that before at conventions.
And don't forget the cleric shirt.
Plus one shirt.
Cloth shirt.
No, no, no.
It's a parody of the clerk's logo, but it says clerics.
It says they hate, they may heal you, but they still hate you.
Just because they heal you doesn't mean they like you.
Yeah.
That's it.
All right.
One more question.
Thing they most need at KatsuCon 18.
Chicken katsu.
Febreze.
What's that?
Febreze.
Febreze.
All right, buddy.
I'm going to let you go.
Have a good one.
For you.
One more thing.
I'm posting this in the chat.
Um, the masquerade was great, but there was a link to a video of my friends doing a Super
Mario Brothers musical too.
What will Brian boy Tano do?
It was really fun.
Jesus.
Okay.
Wait, I'm looking at this here.
I can't see an O. There was issues with where they put us for recording videos.
You know what the best part about watching these videos, Rama, you know what the best
part is?
That being?
It reminds me that doing an internet podcast about video games for nine years really isn't
the nerdiest thing I could be doing.
Yeah.
I've seen a wedding at AX.
I've seen wedding proposals at masquerades.
All right.
I'm really letting you know now, buddy.
Have a good one.
All right.
Thanks for the call.
All right.
What the hell?
One more call.
Hi, you're on Orange is on its radio.
Who's this?
Hi, guys.
What's up?
Hey, it's DDR dollar bill here.
DDR dollar bill.
What's on your mind?
I don't know much.
I saw you posting saying you didn't have anybody calling in, so I figured, damn what happened.
Well, then it all flooded.
It always works that way.
I don't know if it's the delay or what because we have this weird two minute delay between
when we do things here in studio and then when you guys hear it.
It used to be like 15 seconds and then I don't know, all games change some things around
and I think we bounce.
I think our feed goes out into space and then comes back to earth before it gets to you
now, but whatever.
Hey, you know what?
At least we have a place to do our show.
What's on your mind, buddy?
And nothing much.
Just calling in fast if I say hi.
Still waiting on a friend of mine trying to create a gaming laptop for me.
Gaming laptop.
What are you looking for in your gaming laptop?
Let's put it this way.
This has got to be something that can play at least, the very, very least, something
like Mass Effect 2 or Call of Duty at least 60 frames per second.
So you can't do a little netbook.
You're going to have to do something a little more uber than that.
Right, but here's something funny today though.
I tried a couple over at the Best Pie just for kicks and giggles.
I don't know what the hell most of these guys are doing, but I crashed every one of them.
You crashed every laptop at Best Pie?
You know, some people do that on purpose.
Some people will go into like fries and try to like crash all the computers before they
get caught by the, you know, burly looking dudes that are trying to sell the computers.
What are you doing?
Not that I would know, but I've just, you know, I've heard.
But I did this on accident, all of them.
Were you hitting Control-Alt-Delete on all of them as you walked by and, you know?
No.
Actually, it's not as bad of a thing to do on a computer as it used to be.
I did something else.
I just, from half of them I was just checking out some of the specs, some of them I was
just trying to run this one website where you can check to see if the computer can run
your game.
I forget what it's called right now, but it was a really good one and I'll get it later
on.
I got a couple of those and it just, they started crashing and then I had to reboot
a couple of them.
I'm like, what the hell is going on here?
Why can't anybody make a good computer anymore?
A couple of questions in our chat room here.
Dark Toegak says, 60 frames a second is overkill.
I get 30's not cutting it for you?
Hell fucking no.
I saw that coming.
Why not?
No offense, but if I want 30 frames per second, I'll play it on the Xbox and be quite honest.
30 frames per second actually, it's not accurate.
It doesn't feel real and no, no, I play a lot better when it's full frames, when it's
a smooth motion because then it feels more real to me.
30 frames is all choppy and I'm missing shots left and right.
I need to be that precise.
And Brad from Pod Culture is saying, isn't it rather hard to build a custom laptop?
That is a good question.
It's not quite as easy to build as the desktops.
Oh I know.
You're just trying to find the one that matches your specifications?
Yeah, I know it's hard, but he said he could do it, so I'm just giving him a couple more
days to get me some specs on it.
He says he can do it, so I didn't say I wasn't going to buy it yet, but I'm very curious
if he can and how, because even I'm like, that's a lot of money to actually get parts
for it, especially since most of them cost half the damn laptop itself.
You might just have to find a really small computer case and try to cram it all in there.
I don't know.
It's difficult because the idea is that it's supposed to have where it sits on my lap,
so I'm playing one game and my girlfriend plays next to me, so sometimes we play Warcraft
together, so we have the TV going on rather than me in one room and her in another room.
That's a lot of visual sensory stuff going on at once.
I know, but I've done it before.
All right.
Well, anything else on your mind, buddy, before we let you go?
I got to rewire my damn pads so I can play DDR again.
There's a new one coming out on the Wii.
That's the reason.
I need a rewire so I can play on the Wii.
New Lady Gaga and Paramore.
And PS3.
All right, buddy.
Good luck on your quest for new DDR.
Have a good one.
Thanks, guys.
Check you later.
PSDDRdollarBill is not just a clever name.
All right.
We're going to go ahead and close the Skype line up.
Sorry to those folks who didn't get through tonight.
You can always send us an email, mailbagorangelaunchradio.com.
I love some of this evil stuff you guys are talking about in chat.
Brad from Pod Culture says, I've also done stuff like take a screenshot, set us wallpaper,
then hide all the icons.
That's evil.
Oh, yeah.
That's evil.
Well, at my work, we were always told we had to lock our desktops, so the manager of our
group would actually go in and do, you know, those little rotating word screen savers?
Oh, yeah.
He'd put those up or like put pictures of like blingy teeth up, you know, and put it
on tile and, or put up like some sort of really bizarre, like this one dude who was like doodly
doodly, and he put up a picture of like a pink pony.
Hot.
Yeah.
Very hot.
All right.
Well, that's going to bring us to an end of another episode of Orange Lawn Radio.
I know it was a short show tonight, but hey, you know what?
Sometimes real life gets in the way.
So we've got to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Dark Soccer, have you sobered up?
Excuse me.
Yes, that's a yes.
Oh, it tasted like ice cream.
Do you have a final thought for us tonight?
Pinkberry!
Uh, my final thought is, I don't know, stuff.
IDK.
IDK.
LOL.
WTF.
BBQ.
You mad?
You mad?
Well, that's it for another episode here of Orange Lawn Radio.
Thank you so much for tuning in.
If you like what you heard, please tell two friends about the show.
Help us spread the word.
Leave nice reviews on iTunes and so forth or wherever it is that you download podcasts.
Thank you for sticking it out with us tonight.
Have a wonderful night everybody.
We'll see you next week.
Hopefully Loki's back, but even if he's not able to come back, we'll have some type of
guest host.
Do you have our special tribute ready for him?
I will.
I'll have that ready after the show.
But for now, we're going to say good night.
Good night everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lawn Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
