Tonight, February 6th, 2011, Nintendo disagrees with low app pricing, Halo gets remade this
holiday and has Zelda Skyward Sword been further delayed?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be joining you over the next few hours.
With me as always, say hello to the one and only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Greetings and salutations.
How are you Ms. Summers?
My voice is coming and going, I will at points sound like a twelve year old boy, but I'm
doing good.
I'm happy, excited.
A lot of people I know have been getting sick lately.
It's not just you.
Something's going around.
Something's going around.
But it has stolen my voice.
By the way, I noticed you're wearing like a nerdy Star Trek shirt, but it's a red shirt.
That's a bad sign.
But it's engineering.
Okay.
The engineers are smart enough to stay inside.
It's the security guys that keep getting blown up.
Yes, plus I don't know what it is about that shirt but it is showing off your very adequate
bazoom.
Yes.
Thank you.
So congratulations.
Thank you.
All right.
Also joining us, say hello to the one and only, Tech Master, Loki.
Hi.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
He's a man of many words.
Anything interesting going on for you this week?
No.
No?
All right.
It's going to be one of those shows.
We have some guests in studio, so let me introduce them.
Of course, we always have the ever-present fourth guest with us in our chat room, chat.orange
lounge radio.com.
So you can join us in our chat room.
There are people live.
I do know there's some type of ball game going on right now that people seem to care about,
so I know things are a little bit less than usual.
But thank you so much to the loyalists who have tuned in tonight.
It is a bit of a special night, but I'll get into that in a minute.
Let me introduce the guest here in studio with us as he is once in a while.
Say hello to the one and only, Salacious Pop.
Hello.
How are you?
Good.
Yeah?
What's happened in the past, I don't know, month or so since you've been here?
Lots of wow games.
I don't know.
Good times.
Good.
Because this is a video game show, so you can talk about some of those games.
All right.
Now, here's what's distracting Loki is that he's playing Galgun.
He brought into studio, and can you, Salacious Pop, how do you describe this game to people?
I don't even know.
Well, you're in obviously a school, high school, and they're little Sailor Moon-looking anime
girls in their little suits.
And it's kind of like, I guess, time crisis where you've just got the cross hairs, and
you move the cursor over, and you shoot them with hearts.
And they make noises, which I will not try to repeat.
Aw, you're no fun.
The volume's turned down.
Yeah.
Well, I think it's implied.
But yeah, and then they fall down with their love for you because you shot them with your
love gun.
Oh, great.
Loki's turned it up, I don't know if it gets picked up on the mic or whatever, but...
Oh, does it come through on our little soundboard now?
No, I don't think it does.
All right, I thought we were high tech or something.
All right, maybe next time.
Yeah, we've played samples.
I know, we've done it before.
I don't know.
I don't think it's...
We could, but I haven't done it.
Loki did this very last minute tonight, so...
All right, well, say hello as well to also joining us for this special show.
Say hello to Arcadian42.
Hello out there.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
I haven't seen you in a while either.
Not since the last time we did a show.
Well, you know, when you were here.
Last December.
Yes.
So, what's new with you?
Not too much.
Yeah?
Now I'm into crazy work time, so I don't have much time to play games these days.
Crazy work time?
What do you do for a living without, you know, you don't have to tell us where you work,
but what kind of work?
Well, I work at two places, and the first place I work five hours a day, every day,
all year.
The other place, I work eight hours a day, like, six to eight, like, nine months of the
year.
Wow.
All right.
Busy, busy.
Yeah.
All right.
So, I'm going to get around to how is your gaming week, but I should acknowledge that
tonight is a little bit special because it is episode 400 of Orange Lounge Radio.
Yay.
400 freaking shows.
This show started on June 23rd, 2002, and here we are, over 400 weeks, because we're
lazy, we take a lot of weeks off, over 400 weeks later, but 400 shows later, here we
are at our show.
It's exhausting.
So, what are we doing special tonight?
The same shit we've done for a long time.
No.
We had something special.
That's true.
We do have one new special thing, but the live listeners don't get to see it.
This is something special for the podcasties.
Meatballs?
Oh.
Well, the listeners don't get meatballs.
No, but we're special.
We get meatballs.
All right.
I think originally this was going to be a drunk show, but Loki's got the kid, Rob drives,
Jamie's not going to pay to get us all blitzed, and if we took a shot every time Nintendo
made a bad business decision, we would just die.
We would be dead.
Exactly.
And remember, a lot has happened in nine years of the show.
I have my gallbladder out for one, so I have no alcohol tolerance anymore.
Remember when I almost died, y'all?
That was hilarious.
You were so skinny, though.
You look so good.
I know.
God, I want to get pancreatitis again.
So which character should we attempt to rape first?
Oh, the one with the bunny ears.
The bunny girl.
Got it.
All right.
What's your name?
I have no idea.
The other thing to keep in mind, since we started this show nine-ish years ago, we were
a lot younger, and things were different then, and we would drink a lot more than we do now.
So if you do drink, drink responsibly.
What do you mean, than I do now?
There's a lot of people drinking today, because there's this brown ball that people throw
to each other.
It's the Super Bowl of sports ball.
Men dress up in these big suits and push each other to the ground.
They wear tights.
They wear tight shorts.
The whole thing's very homoerotic.
The whole nation watches it.
They wear tight shorts and pad their chest.
Betty White is in commercials and things.
Ecstasy shot, because you shot her in the crotch.
Wow.
I love radio about video games.
All right.
Anyhow, let's start off with how was your gaming week?
I almost said, how was your week?
How was your day?
How was that for old school?
Yeah.
This show has changed quite a bit, actually.
I don't know how many of you guys have listened to OLR for the entire time, but back when
it was like episode one, obviously, you probably know we were talking about DDR.
The migraine episode.
The money and all that stuff.
But we used to kind of start off with how was your week?
How was your day?
We didn't just talk about all video games.
Now we do.
So next thing I'm going to say is I'm going to say the cage match pick goes into rotation
all week long here at OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
It goes into rotation in our hearts.
Exactly.
All right.
Dark soccer.
How was your gaming week?
I hit level 85.
Addict.
Dealer.
Congratulations, though.
Thank you.
Now I'm kind of bored and I'm working on building reps, so I built my Darnassus rep like in
one night and now I have a kitty cat cat and a meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
That's really about it.
Dan got his driving rig, his, his, uh, driving wheel set up for, uh, Gran Turismo five.
He got this sort of stand so that he can put, he can put it away when he's done playing
and he got the seats out of the Honda Prelude, which he is building his driving seat out
of.
And that's what Dan's gaming week has been.
So he actually took seats out of a real car.
It's in the living room.
To build a grand theft.
I almost said grand theft.
Gran Turismo five.
I'll take a picture of it.
Wow.
Yeah.
You shouldn't put it on the little feed.
Yeah.
So I'll do that right now.
All right.
You should.
Wow.
What are you doing?
That's insanity.
Just because he can.
Yes.
He's your husband.
I don't let him do shit.
He just does it.
Then again, the same goes vice versa.
Does he let you sit in the seat or is he like, nah, this is the captain's chair.
I don't care to sit in the seat.
It's a seat on a milk crate right now.
It's ghetto.
And I'm taking a picture and showing you all how weird my husband is.
You can see those pictures at www dot orange lounge radio.com.
All right, Loki, you got to pause that game and tell us about your gaming week.
How was your gaming week?
My gaming is weird.
This week I didn't play a whole lot.
I played just Grand Theft Auto, of course, and a little bit of some iOS games.
I played League of Evil, which I didn't really care for that one.
They're comparing it kind of to Super Meat Boy, and I'm sorry, it's not Super Meat Boy.
It's not even close.
It's just kind of, almost reminds me of Mega Man, but really hard and basic.
It's an iPhone game, so what do you expect?
So it's the basic bitch of video games.
It's just, eh, kind of lame.
And then there was this other pirate game that was kind of cool with anime people that
I played that was kind of fun.
And what else did I try?
Oh, I played more Swords and Poker 2 because that game is just awesome.
Really wish it was still in the App Store.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Why'd they take it down?
I don't know.
It's stupid.
They took the first one and the second one down.
They're both excellent games.
I mean, I've sunk...
Are they violating any copyrights or something?
No, I don't see how they would.
These are games that really should make it to consoles.
They're really good.
It's just kind of like Puzzle Quest but Poker, and it's a really unique, fun game.
If you have a, you know, jailbroken iPod or iPhone or something like that, I'd recommend
downloading them, even though it is piracy, but they're not in the store.
So I mean, I'd say go buy them if you could, but you can't, so pirate them.
I guess it might be okay to advocate piracy in that little circumstance.
But I mean, if they came back in the store, they're only 99 cents.
I mean, I bought the game when it came out, or when I found it on there, but they pulled
it eventually, because I had a friend recommend it, and it's just, it's awesome.
Going to our chatroom at chat.orangelandtrader.com, a few comments.
Jim Sallee about the football game says, men in costumes fighting to handle brown balls
in the end zone?
Super Bowl is so gay.
A little bit.
A little bit.
All right.
Also, Spazinator says, if Loki ever goes a week without playing Grand Theft Auto IV,
the universe will implode.
Did you play Grand Theft Auto IV this week?
Yeah, we play it like almost every day.
Okay, just checking.
We play the modded games.
It's such a shadow of Grand Theft Auto.
It's seriously a whole epic game of its own, but yeah, so we're still playing Grand Theft
Auto.
We will play something else.
I think we will probably go to Saintsboro 3 once that comes out, and then of course,
when the next Grand Theft Auto comes out, we'll be going to that.
Yeah, I was about to say, have you heard those rumors that the next Grand Theft Auto is set
to debut at the big expo in L.A. in June?
It's not going to be for at least another year.
There's not Grand Theft Auto coming out this year.
You think they might do just a little tease?
What does Rockstar have going on right now?
Well, they've got a bunch of stuff coming out.
They've got L.A. Noire, which is coming out in spring, or spring, summer, or second quarter,
if you will.
Okay.
Then they've got Max Payne 3 coming out at some point.
Probably going to be in the fall.
They had something else too, though, from Take 2 that was supposed to be coming out.
I think Max Payne 2 is probably, you see, because I think they're going to be putting
out L.A. Noire, because that's going to be kind of like their Red Dead Redemption for
the year, and then Max Payne will probably come out maybe fourth quarter.
Grand Theft Auto, I would see maybe, ideally, probably next April would be when I could
see that, but I don't know if that's actually going to happen.
They have the engine already.
They'll just build it off of the Red Dead Redemption, since it's just an update to the
Rage Engine anyways, so yeah, I mean, come on, I'm going to get it day one.
Saints Row 3, though, I'm much of a fan of Saints Row 3 as I am of Grand Theft Auto,
or Saints Row, the series, so I'll be definitely picking that up this fall.
And the problem is, though, is Saints Row, the multiplayer is completely different than
Grand Theft Auto, whereas Grand Theft Auto is more open world, Saints Row is kind of
these little small arenas, and it's really fast paced, and I still kick the crap out
of everybody, and it's really buggy.
It's funny, actually, in Saints Row 2, a little known fact, you can throw the sticky bombs
on people and detonate them, like say if I throw three of them on somebody and detonate
one and kill them, when they respawn, they still have two stuck to them, and you can
detonate it again, and they die.
It's great.
It's such a glitchy game, but it's awesome.
Awesome.
Uh, any interest in Chinatown Wars Part 2?
I hate Chinatown Wars.
I honestly...
I just had a feeling.
It's just, the old top down games were great, but I'm sorry, once, Chinatown Wars, the reason
it existed was because that's all that really the DS could handle, I mean, the PSP games
are a perfect example of what they could have done.
It was great.
The PSP games were, I mean, they control kind of eh, because there's only one analog stick,
but it was still funny.
We played that, you know, up until Grand Theft Auto, well actually up until Saints Row 2,
or Saints Row 1, we played, you know, the PSP versions of Grand Theft Auto to death.
Those things were really fucking glitchy.
But yeah, I mean, seriously, if there's a new PSP, god, if there's an NGP version of
Grand Theft Auto, I'm gonna have to pick that out, and we may have to all get NGP's to bust
that out, but, uh, I'll be buying every game day one, as long as it's on some crap like
Chinatown Wars.
Alright, let's check in with our guests and see what they've been playing this week.
Salacious Pop, how was your gaming week?
Um, pretty good.
Uh, Pac-Man Championship Edition DX, Knights of the Crystal, which doesn't really count
as a game, and World of Warcraft.
Lots of World of Warcraft.
What's going on in World of Warcraft for you?
I don't want to get too far into the discussion, but...
Yeah, um, I was in a, I guess a more social, casual-centric guild, and I decided to try
and explore a group of people that were more focused on the really hardcore raiding stuff,
to see if I can, you know, handle that.
And they took me on a raid, as a trial, so I got to see some of the new raid content,
did a 25-man.
They carried me.
I'm pretty much a scrub right now, but it was neat to see.
So you turned your back on your friends to go see more pretty internet dragons?
I'm a traitorous maverick.
I'm just giving you shit, obviously, because it's the same guild I'm in, but I know there's
a lot of people that are excited for you, and you can come back and tell us stories.
And you can come on Horde House and talk all about it.
Yeah, it's more a Horde House conversation.
Alright.
But I, you know, it's still, obviously WoW's a huge game, so, gotta talk about what's going
on there.
So, how's Championship Edition going for you?
I mean, breaking records?
I still only play, like, the one mode.
I've unlocked all the other modes, and I'm like, I just want the five minutes.
That's me, too.
I'm the exact same way.
I go through and I unlock everything, and then it's like, okay, I just want to play
this one map over and over, because it's the one that drives the leaderboards.
It's on the main Xbox 360.
I don't know if this is weird or not, but you know how, like, in the Xbox 360 dashboard,
you get to see leaderboards, but they're only for a certain mode in the game.
It's usually, like, the default leaderboard is what you see in.
That's the one I will try the hardest on.
And in this case, it's usually, like, stage one or the default board and settings for
Pac-Man Championship Edition.
And even with the default game style, you can still, you know, on the options before
you start up the match, there are eight or nine different visually art, like, you can
have the neon or, like, all green or the 3D model, whatever.
I just leave it on the default.
So visually, all the stuff they put into the game I haven't looked at yet, because there's
no reason to.
So you just want to hear the pretty music.
All right.
Well, let's move on to Arkadian42.
How was your gaming week?
The only thing I really had to play this week was Rock Band 3, because I got the cymbals
pack so I could play pro mode.
So I was doing that.
And that's why I got a mic stand so I could sing when I want to sing, but I don't do that
all that often.
I was going to say, you're kind of a quiet guy, and now here I am hearing about that
you have to get the cymbals and the microphones so that you can rock out and sing all the
privacy of your own home.
Yeah, I don't really sing that much just because my voice is kind of screwy, and also because
there's people on the other side of the walls, they don't want to bother them because my
voice is probably sort of deep, so it probably goes through the walls, so I don't want to
bug them.
Nice.
So what was the first song you had to play when you got the cymbals?
Because there's always that one song people got to play in Rock Band.
I don't know.
I think it was one of the easier songs just so I could get used to the cymbals.
Just go through the training a little bit.
The training is not that much different from the standard trainer for drums.
It just has pretty much the same training, but with the cymbals added.
Just mainly mostly the, what is it, the ride or whatever, like the hi-hat one you hit most,
so that's pretty much the only one they add, the other one's barely in there for the training.
But once you get to the regular game, then yeah, you play those.
Alright.
Cool, cool.
Sounds like...
Oh, yeah.
I have to make an announcement on behalf of the show.
Uh oh.
Okay.
Happy birthday to Giovanni.
That's right.
I saw her angst on Twitter about the whole, some game where people wear these uniforms
and they all have numbers on them.
Well, to quote a conversation that was going on on one of the lesbian's Facebook.
I miss the OLR lesbians.
How are they these days?
Seem to do well.
For those that lost track, the OLR lesbians, they were on the show what about, probably
about four years ago at this point, they moved together to Wisconsin?
One of them already lived in Wisconsin.
I see.
That's right, because they were flying back and forth a little bit.
So they now, they now habitate in Wisconsin with their Birkenstocks.
At this game, they use a racket to hit an orange ball into the net, and then they smoke
the Rose Bowl.
Alright, can I talk about my gaming week?
Oh, one more birthday wish.
Is it his birthday today?
How funny.
That's ironic.
You would think he was born on Friday, or Friday the 13th or something.
Maybe.
Well, no, because today's February 6th, so you don't wish him a happy birthday today
if he was born February 13th.
I was thinking of a Friday.
Oh, okay.
That's alright.
Alright, let's move on.
My gaming week.
I played, I made an effort to play some indie games this week.
So I played a few indie games on the Xbox Live Marketplace.
I basically handed the controller to Alan, and I was like, pick games that look fun.
So he picked a few games for me, and probably my favorite out of the bunch that I played
was Radian Games Ballistic.
It's a indie game on the Xbox Live Marketplace.
Very Geometry Wars-esque, and a very slick, high-definition kind of interface.
It's one of those, you know, dual thumbstick control-y type of games, just like Geometry
Wars, and you know, little power-ups that you can put on, and you can kind of hit a
button to go into more like Uber mode, where you fire more bullets, but you move a little
bit slower.
So, you know, for people that are thinking, you know, their life is lacking, Geometry
Wars, especially with the sad news about, you know, bizarre creations shutting their
doors, it's a nice little, you know, way to hold you over, and it's not that expensive.
So it's, and the demo's very generous.
So there's no reason you can't check out the demo, which is out there.
So I liked Ballistic.
That was cool.
Some of the games I didn't like so much.
I'm gonna butcher the name of this game, but it was something like Maid-Chan's Cave Adventure.
I don't, was that the name of its license, Pop?
Do you remember what the name of the game was?
Something like Maid?
It was Maid-San.
Maid-San.
It was like, like, crazy cave adventure, wild cave adventure, but yeah.
Yeah, it was dumb.
I mean, it was funny for a minute, but it's a really weird mechanic.
Like, it's kind of like, okay, it's, I guess it's like side-scroller-y, puzzle-y.
Yes, you play a maid who explores caves.
That really is what you do.
Yeah.
And, you know, you think, oh, this is really funny.
But you go to collect stars and things, but you have to, the main mechanic of the game
is that you duck to avoid the little zombie dudes.
The ogres.
The baseball bats.
Yeah.
And when the maid got hit with a baseball bat, I laughed out loud.
It's worth downloading the demo just to see that, because it's really, like, not that
I advocate violence against maids, but it was kind of funny the first time.
Yeah, because the ogre sees you and says, you know, something in Japanese and marches
towards you, and then here comes the club thud, and just the way they do it is.
Right.
Now, you can hide by crouching, but the longer you crouch, your field of vision gets narrower
and narrower and narrower.
So you have to kind of crouch while you wait for the guys to pass you, which is a really
weird mechanic.
So, yeah, it was okay, but I don't think I would have paid money for it, but the demo
was fun.
Pro tip.
If you're going to check out the demo for this game, go into the options, change it
to English, unless you read and understand Japanese thoroughly, then good on you.
But the first time I played through, I was like, oh, this game's only in Japanese.
Great.
Because I don't understand it at all.
So I'm just like, I see a Y, like the Y button, so I'll hit that and see what it does.
Oh, the game must have just told me that Y does a high jump.
So yeah, turn it into English, you'll be doing yourself a favor.
Very harsh scoring, by the way, too.
I was very upset.
It's all about speed and precision.
Those of you people that like your speed runs might find something here for you.
So the third game, I don't even know what it was called.
It was crap.
It was total crap.
Beach Bubble Boo Bobble.
I don't know.
Beachy Booby Anime Chick Games, which, of course, Alan downloaded because he saw the
anime chicks in bikinis, and he was like, oh, it kind of looks like Bubble Bobble.
No, here's the game.
You fly around and you collect colored balls.
Doesn't matter what color they are.
You just clear the screen.
It's like Pac-Man, but crap.
And you want to dodge these little things that are floating around.
And if you successfully clear the level, then a little piece of the picture in the background
will unveil, and you might get to see some drawn boobies.
Some little anime babe boobies in the background.
You can play it with one hand very easily, because you're just clearing the screen of
the stuff.
That's all I'm going to.
You can infer the rest.
And seriously, though, if you're going to pay money to download this for your one hand
entertainment, like go buy a nudie mag.
It's money better spent.
This game was stupid.
So just go buy a nudie mag.
Or you know what?
Go on the internet.
There's titties for free everywhere.
Just go to nationalgeographic.com.
And if you go to the...
Why do you need to go to the nationalgeographic.com?
It's a joke.
I'm just curious.
It's a joke.
All right.
So even...
Because that's where we all saw titties.
Well, I don't know.
That's where I saw titties for the first time was in the National Geographic magazine.
I don't know about you guys, but...
Were you not breastfed?
And you're gay now, so that's a cautionary tale rather than advice.
So...
What are you trying to say?
There's nothing wrong with it.
So even...
I am who I am.
I am proud of who I am.
So even though we've butchered the name of the game, if you go to the Xbox Live Indie
Marketplace and look up new, even without even knowing the name of the game, just scan
through the tiles, and you will immediately know what game we're talking about just by
the image.
Yeah.
Booby Beach Bubble Bobble Boobies.
Yeah.
For the record, I love boobs.
You don't have to be straight or whatever.
Boobs are awesome.
We can all agree on that.
Right, Jamie?
Boobs are...
I'm very fond of mine.
There you go.
Everybody can agree.
And others.
One, two, three, four, five.
Five OLR people agree.
Boobies are great.
Right, Alan?
Boobies are great?
Yes.
Yes.
Thank you.
And I did see the Make a Baby game on there, but I didn't download it for you.
I already had the Make a Baby game.
Okay.
They have a sequel, by the way.
Do they?
Yes, they do.
That's the one I saw.
I haven't heard of the sequel.
Something about evil babies or something.
Evil babies?
I don't know.
Like Rosemary's Baby?
I don't know.
Alright.
Other than that, more of the same.
More wow.
Super Meat Boy, which Alan loves to watch me play.
Super Meat Boy.
Because I am not the mild man or radio host when I play Super Meat Boy.
But I had to check out the internets.
All those new levels and things that are on there, which I didn't realize, not all of
the levels are Super Meat Boy.
Like some of them are some of the other characters.
Like you have to play the other characters.
So yeah, good times.
So yeah.
I have that on PC, Super Meat Boy, but I haven't unlocked the headcrab yet.
And I'm a huge Half-Life fan.
So the fact that I can play as a headcrab, I need to get on that and unlock that.
Because that was the Valve Steam edition.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's move on with some housekeeping tonight.
There's actually a little bit of housekeeping tonight.
As you might have heard, it's our 400th episode of the show.
And we are unveiling on the podcast this week, which yes, is up to date now.
Thank you very much.
And we'll hopefully continue to be up to date.
I have some new ideas on how we're going to do that.
But the most important thing is that there is some brand new art for the show that we're
unveiling tonight, which is fun.
So Dark Sakura did it.
And it's nice.
It's nice to have a change of pace once in a while.
Yeah, I got creative.
It's not as orange as the art before.
There's orange in it.
There's orange in it.
No, which you know, the show is called Orange on its Radio for fuck's sake.
But it's nice.
I like what you do with it.
There's like a Mario theme going on, then a Charlie's Angels thing with the shadows,
which I like.
So check that out.
That'll be on the podcast feed.
It'll also show it's going to show up everywhere because it's going to switch the old art as
much as we love that picture and everything.
It is about five years old here.
Isn't that color anymore?
Well, you can't see the color anyways.
Your hair is orange in the picture because everything is my hair at the time was fuchsia.
Yeah.
That very like Mistress Tia took that picture and bitch moved to New York City like five
years ago.
So she's had like she's since had a child.
Yes.
That's how old that photo was.
So now we have a new thing.
Check that out.
And then lost a divorce worth of, you know, weight.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
So I miss her by the way.
Very good job Miss Tia.
I know none of our listeners probably know her anymore because she was on the show forever
ago.
She was on the very last live OLR, if I remember right.
Yeah.
Or it was the first OLR when we married the two shows.
When OLR was a live show and then separately a podcast, I think she was on the very last
live only OLR.
Yeah.
So miss her.
Anyhow, reminiscing about things in the past.
Other things that are going on.
So not only do we have new artwork to represent the show, which will hopefully spread everywhere
because we're replacing our old stuff.
The other thing is that I want to give a plug for dead pixel live, which runs on all games
radio Monday through Thursday at seven o'clock Eastern four o'clock Pacific.
I was on the show earlier this week.
So check that out.
It was Thursday's episode.
So if you want to go back in his podcast feed and look at dead pixel live.com, you can check
that out.
And you're on for a while too.
Oh God.
He was like on for like an hour.
He was nice enough.
Derek over at dead pixel live has been doing his show a really long time as well.
And he's daily.
So he passed 400 episodes a long time ago because he's doing like four of them a week.
I think for a while he might've been doing five.
So he passed 400 a long time ago and you know, so we had a lot to talk about as, as much
as how do you stay motivated to do a show.
So it was cool.
Cause we just kind of, you know, BS back and forth for a little while.
And then he had me on for the news and we talked a little bit about NGP and some of
that other stuff.
So it was fun.
It was a fun time.
So I just want to give a plug for that.
And if you want to hear, um, another great show, I think that's really it.
As far as housekeeping goes, um, add us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange launch
radio, or you can always add us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR lots of tweets this
week.
Cause we've been asking people about the show and I'll read some of those tweets a little
later on in the show, but for now, let's start off episode 400 as we always do with a little
bit of gaming news.
So Loki, what's going on in the world of gaming?
Um, same old stuff, I guess, you know, when people run out of ideas for consoles, what's
the first thing that happens actually, it's not even really consoles or games or anything
related to that, but, uh, even in the movie industry remakes, Hey, if it was good the
first time, it'll be good the second time.
Right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Maybe.
Um, so Microsoft is rumored to be coming out, uh, well actually it's not so much a rumor
anymore.
Um, they're going to be remaking the original Halo game, Halo Combat Evolved, uh, it's coming
out this holiday for the Xbox 360, you'll be getting a, uh, kind of a graphical facelift.
Uh, they're expecting a 1080p resolution, uh, and also possibly 3D support.
Um, of course, uh, the thought is they're going to be remaking it using the reach engines,
so it'll look, you know, all fancy and stuff.
And uh, apparently it's being developed by, um, Saber Interactive, the company that was
behind, uh, Timeshift and, uh, Namco's, I guess, upcoming game Inversion, so, um, neat.
And uh, they said the game is expected to, uh, come out on November 15th, which is basically
ten years after the original Halo game, alongside the original Xbox.
It's kind of interesting, though, to go along with that, though, and maybe possibly one
of the features of the game, uh, connecthalo.com was registered by Microsoft, um, of course,
this is a URL that was registered to Microsoft back in June of 2010.
It could be, not necessarily that it's going to be a Connect Halo game, but maybe they
were just, you know, registering before people, uh, cyber-squatted on it, so.
Oh, good point, good point.
Who knows?
And the only thing that the Kinect will recognize is when you dip your knees down, so that you
can teabag.
Yes.
Nice.
Um, you know, honestly, though, I, I, I think it wouldn't be so bad if they had Kinect support,
but not necessarily in the fact that you have to, you know, stand up and, you know, play
the whole game that way, but, like, head tracking would be awesome.
Okay.
I don't, I, I see, you know, they said, oh yeah, we can do, you know, Kinect and controller
games.
Why don't they do head tracking?
Head tracking would be the easiest thing to support in, like, most of these games, you
know, you just have it where it tracks your head a little bit, and so it kind of gives
you a little bit more of immersion, and you don't necessarily need to do it, and, you
know, and it would be pretty awesome for any first-person shooter.
Now, backing up a little bit before we get into this whole Kinect theory, I think you
said, you know, this whole thing about the game, this was not an official Microsoft announcement,
right?
Like, somebody just blew the lid on their big E3 surprise, right?
Yes.
Like, is this some type of, like, insider leak, or, because they went on down to the
date.
That's something else.
Well, they're, I think they're guessing on the date.
They're saying, you know, it makes sense because it's ten years from the original, so, you
know.
Okay, fair enough.
Because, I mean, if you, let's see here, I'm not gonna, I'm gonna just pull this up here
real quick, because sometimes dates don't necessarily jive.
Right.
The fifteenth would be a Tuesday, so that is a release date, that's usually the typical
release date for a lot of these games nowadays.
Which is great, because they're finally getting along the lines with the movie industry.
They all released them on the same date.
Not if you're Nintendo, you sometimes do Sundays if you're Nintendo.
They've been doing less Sundays than they would have in the past, so.
But yeah, Nintendo, they had to be special.
Now, I gotta admit, this news isn't totally surprising, because I think Microsoft kind
of teased this idea when they shut down Halo 2 that, well, you never know, these games
might come back.
So, this news isn't, like, totally surprising, but, uh, you know, I think a lot of us thought,
oh, it would be an Xbox Live Arcade game, or they're not gonna go back and redo the
whole damn thing.
I mean, Halo is a pretty good looking game anyway.
They probably never said it wasn't gonna be an Xbox Live Arcade game.
Good point.
I guess anything's possible there.
But if they do all this Kinect stuff, and who knows, I think they're gonna release it
as a retail.
It's gonna be retail.
They can charge sixty bucks before they're gone.
Exactly.
Go ahead.
I was gonna say, it just seems weird to me that we're already gonna see a trend of remaking
games that, cause, like, the graphics on the PS2 and the Xbox original aren't really bad
enough to warrant a remaking, it's like remaking, I don't know, a ten year old movie, like American
Pie.
And plus, they upscaled that stuff anyways for, you know, if you played on the Xbox 360,
it does upscale those old games a little bit.
I mean, it's not terrible.
But we're already seeing this on the Playstation 3 a lot.
I mean, it's just like, all of a sudden, they're like, oh hey, got a word collection sold well,
let's remake everything, let's just update everything and port it onto the PS3.
Because none of that PS2 backwards compatibility is coming anytime soon.
Or so we think, and then all of a sudden, boom, look, oh, you know how you can play
those games that you just bought on the PS3.
I don't mind a lot of the remakes, actually.
A lot of them are pretty good, and they bring some bonus stuff to the table.
I know that might sound really weird, like the Hollywood remakes I could do without.
Most of those are poop.
But like, for instance, Square Enix, we have a show, a story later in the show about Final
Fantasy IV coming on the PSP.
It looks badass.
I can't wait to get it.
I mean, granted, that's one of my favorite Final Fantasy games they ever made, but I
mean, those Final Fantasy remakes in general, one and two on the PSP and then the ones on
the DS, were all awesome, and all of them were worth having.
Isn't that, isn't that some kind of a head scratcher too, because, you know, for the
longest time on the PSP, and then, granted, there's a Kingdom Hearts game here and there
and stuff like that, but there isn't really a lot of games I'm really interested in, and
all of a sudden it's like, oh, by the way, now we're gonna put out Final Fantasy IV on,
you know, and the after years on the PSP.
It's like, whoa, hey, that's pretty cool.
You know, I gotta pick up that.
Oh, hey, Earth Defense Force II is coming out on the PSP in Japan, but, you know, eventually
they'll come out over here.
Hey, that's pretty cool, and then, there was one other one.
I can't remember what it was, so, but like, I mean, you know, there's Third Birthday,
a new Desida game, and it's just a lot of cool stuff coming out.
Anyhow, go ahead.
I just think with games it's very easy to blur the line between what is a remake and
what is a port with new menus, and depending on how, you know, sleazy the company is, they
can call it one when it's really the other.
I don't know.
True.
One game I totally left out of my gaming week that I meant to talk about, I actually downloaded
on the PlayStation 3 this week the PlayStation 1 version of Mega Man 2, which they'd released,
I think, just last week.
I think these games were really new to the PlayStation Marketplace, which is cool.
I love Mega Man 2.
It's one of my favorite Mega Mans they ever did, and it's really just the NES version,
but the way they market it on the Marketplace, and I should have known this because it's
just a port of the PlayStation 1 version, but it's really just the NES game on the PS1
with some fancy menus, and I think the PocketStation game is in there, too.
I can't understand a lick of the menus because they are all in pretty intense Japanese, like,
it's not easy to navigate around the game.
I mean, you just kind of figure start, start, start, eventually will get you in the game,
and it does.
But unfortunately, total lack from Sony, even in the online manual, if you go into the online
manual on the PS3, I don't even know if a lot of you guys know this, but if you pause
your game on the PlayStation 3 if you're playing a PS1 game, you can go in and look at the
original manual.
It's all in there, like a PDF that you navigate around.
PSP has that, too, when you play a PS1 game on a PSP.
Exactly.
Same feature.
But, yeah, they didn't bother to translate the manual, either.
So it's just Japanese, Japanese, Japanese, Japanese.
Great if you speak Japanese.
I don't.
Way to go, Capcom.
You suck.
So anyway.
Let's look for Roku instead of Mega.
Well it's just, you know, whereas I support this whole Japanese release of games, I mean,
I understand if they don't have the manpower to go in and translate the original ROM.
That is a little bit of work.
What they need to do is they need to give it the same treatment that it would as the
Asian regions.
Like, for example, I imported Wangan Midnight.
Granted, the game's all in Japanese, the manual's all in Japanese, but they have one sheet in
there that's in English that basically gives you the controls of the game.
Perfect.
Awesome.
Perfect.
That's all I need to do to, you know, play the game.
A few basic menus it translates for you, and the rest you have to figure it out yourself.
That's all you need to do.
That takes like one person to do that.
I mean, seriously, you don't even need to translate this stuff, you just kind of figure
it out, write it down, create a graphic, boom.
Done.
What?
That's maybe a day's worth of work.
Oh, but that's way too much for Capcom.
They're too busy implementing DRM and shit, so whatever.
Alright.
Somehow we got way off base of the original Halo Connect thing.
But as you were talking about with Mega Man stuff, and I made the comment that was pretty
funny before the show, and you said save it for the show, so I'll just repeat it on the
show.
Sure.
We were talking about rehashes and stuff, and I was bitching about the Super Mario All-Stars
limited edition, basically a port of a Super Nintendo game onto the Wii.
And hey, guess what, they could have charged $8 for it on Virtual Console, but no, they're
going to make you pay $30 for it.
It's basically like Nintendo taking a giant shit in your mouth, and of course all the
fans will eagerly gobble it up, because it's a Nintendo.
And you know, shit in your mouth now also available in teal blue, so you have that option
as well.
Hooray!
Looking at some comments from the chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com, I'm having
to scroll back here a little bit because they said these a while ago, but Dark Tetsuya says,
See, I had a feeling Microsoft would remake the older games since the Xbox originals can't
connect to Live anymore.
Kind of the same thing I was thinking with Halo 2.
But Halo 1 didn't have multiplayer, I don't know if you guys remember that.
It had, excuse me, it didn't have Xbox Live.
It had like LAN support.
The first time I ever played Halo was at a wedding reception, true story.
And they had a LAN thing all set up with the original Halo, it was neat.
And then Defective Candy in our chatroom says, I'm a Halo fan, but jeesh, unless it's continuing
the storyline, not doing the stupid past, but I'm not into this crap anymore.
Well technically, Halo 1 is a sequel to Halo Reach.
Technically.
I guess.
So they could say, hey, it's a sequel to Halo Reach.
Halo 1.
Because Halo 1 lacked Xbox Live, I can see where they want to do this again.
And they can kind of get away with it.
Because it would be bringing something new to the table that the original Halo didn't
have.
You know what I mean?
You know, maybe while they're at it, instead of straight porting it over, maybe they can
tweak a few things.
Add some maps.
Add some little...
Throw the Halo 2 maps in there, durr.
Add some like...
They need to add in red versus blue mode.
They're not going to add any Halo 2 maps in there, because you know why?
Because they're going to release Halo 2 in HD, so yeah.
Well then charge 1600 Microsoft points for it or something.
I mean, I know, wishful thinking, right, but who knows.
Anyhow.
All right, let's move on to some other stories.
And yeah, this is kind of along those same lines about rehashes and so forth.
Although not really.
This is more of a dud.
This is about a game coming out on the 3DS.
New Super Mario Brothers was somewhat announced for the 3DS.
I mean, come on, people.
Of course there's going to be a Mario game on the 3DS.
But it's nice to hear a little bit of a confirmation that it is being worked on, because that tells
you this game is probably coming out a little sooner rather than later.
In fact, in my mind, this kind of says it's probably one of their E3 games this year,
because you know they've got to unveil some big things on the 3DS this year.
Anyhow.
Come on.
Come up with a new damn game.
I understand.
Ooh, it's New Super Mario Brothers, and we're porting it through all the different systems.
Well...
Come up with a new game.
You don't call it...
First off, don't call it New Super Mario Brothers.
That's a stupid name for a game.
Well, that...
Okay, where to begin?
First off, that's not...
You know, they haven't confirmed that that's named.
Let me tell you what's been said, because we're reading a lot into this.
I'm just saying that they have New Super Mario Brothers Wii, and they have New Super Mario
Brothers, you know.
The New Super Mario Brothers Wii is the most ironic thing ever, because it's not new.
It's just a...
But let's be honest, Loki.
The New Super Mario Brothers DS and the New Super Mario Brothers Wii are both probably
at least in the top ten games on those respective consoles, easily, if not the top five.
Okay, and so that gives them the excuse to come up with crappy names for their games.
That's awesome.
Super...
Super Take a Dump, you know, it's the, you know, Zelda sequel.
Oh, but...
So your problem is the name.
I don't want to see that in 3D.
My name...
Yeah, my problem is the name of the game.
It's just like New Super Mario Brothers.
Wow!
Thank you for putting all that effort in there.
Well, what are we going to call this New Super Mario Brothers game?
That's genius!
Well, now calling it Luigi's Mansion didn't really work out for them.
Well, that was a different game entirely, you know.
Come up with something new.
Stop porting shit over because you have casual people and playing these systems and stuff.
It had Super Princess Peach.
I don't think that did so hot either.
Well, that's because Princess Peach can't hold her own fucking game unless it was cooking
or doing makeup or something.
Wow!
Dark Sakura, Rebuttal?
She's doing her nails?
Dude, it's Princess Peach.
Sorry, I don't mean to interrupt you.
I was actually cutting out a very painful hangnail.
Oh, okay.
But I have something sharp in my hand.
And this is home turf.
Dude, it's Princess Peach, though.
It's not like we're fucking talking about, like, Lara Croft or some shit like that.
It's Princess Prissy Peach, okay?
Hey, I love Princess Peach.
Shut your mouth.
Who's Daisy in the bad house?
The special abilities are her fucking emotions.
I'm anger now!
Ooh, I'm happy!
I used to joke in Mario Brothers 2 that when she floated in her pink dress, it's because
she had gas.
And she'd go psssh.
Fucking bipolar Princess Peach to the rescue.
I will take you on in Super Smash Brothers, and I will whoop your ass with Peach.
She's awesome.
No, no, no.
It's all about Zelda in cheek mode.
Ah, yes.
Zelda is pretty awesome.
Anyhow.
Zelda cosplaying as a gay man.
Can I read the damn quote that led us to this whole thing in the first place?
Yes.
What are we talking about again?
Halo.
Miyamoto.
That's right.
Yes, Halo on the 3DS.
Excellent.
Alright.
Look, Miyamoto says, yes.
So in the interest of adopting a new technology for the Super Mario Brothers tradition, I
am now making a new Super Mario Brothers game for the Nintendo 3DS system.
By the way, this is out of a Q&A from Iwata on Nintendo's site.
Iwata says, the next stage for the Super Mario Brothers Preservation Society's activities
is the Nintendo 3DS.
Miyamoto, yes, laughs.
Because he's thinking about money.
Miyamoto then stripped naked and landed in a kiddie pool of money and just cried and
laughed and screamed.
Like, $50 is going to be fucking New Super Mario Brothers 3D.
That is going to be the fucking title of the game.
Seriously, that is going to be it.
New Super Mario Brothers 3D.
That's it.
There's the title.
You mad?
Alright.
I'm just saying that...
Can I finish the quote?
Can I finish?
Can I finish?
Fine.
Go ahead.
I want to show everyone as soon as possible what the New Super Mario Brothers will be
like on the Nintendo 3DS.
I'm finished.
I'm just saying.
I want to show you what it's going to be like.
Turn on the Wii.
Turn on the DS.
Done.
But, by the way, the fact that he says, as soon as possible, do you think that expo in
June in LA will be the place to see it?
You know what as soon as possible is?
That's Nintendo time we're talking here, okay?
As soon as possible means we're going to announce it as soon as possible, but it may not come
out for a couple years.
It all depends on how quickly they can port Mario 64 3D.
AlphaKananagram in our chatroom says, I remember Miyamoto saying he wanted to remake Super
Mario World, I think.
I like Super Mario World.
That was like one of the greatest video games ever made was the original Mario World.
By the way, the new album art kind of pays homage to that, actually.
Kind of funny how that works.
That was the first decent high res picture of a low res image I could find.
It worked out, man.
Yeah.
That's a great game.
I like it, especially since a bullet bill's eating your head.
Even the hater over here has to admit that it's one of the better games that they ever
made as he goes back to playing Galaga.
I realized after I did it that a bullet bill was eating your head.
That's all right.
Yeah.
All right.
How about something that doesn't have to do with Nintendo?
How about it?
It does have to do with Nintendo.
God damn it.
But not really.
Well, it's on the 3DS.
I'll leave it that way.
Three imaginings for Pac-Man and Galaga on the 3DS.
We will have Pac-Man Tilt and Galaga 3D Impact.
And they are in the same pack, which is Pac-Man and Galaga Dimensions that are going to be
out on the 3DS.
Pac-Man Tilt sort of is a gyroscope type game, so he's in Rainbow Land.
Look, he paused the game.
I'm waiting.
With Championship Edition style.
And it's just very Tilty.
You have to watch out because you may injure yourself.
I do not like Tilty games for the record.
I don't want to do that on the subway, because I'll hit someone.
I love this picture, by the way, of the guy moving the 3DS around and moving it above
his head.
There's a little picture there.
Oh, Loki, did you have a comment?
I was just going to say that, I mean, I know Pac-Man is your staple franchise, Namco.
It's just like Konami trying to shove fucking Frogger down our throats.
Seriously, I don't give a shit about Pac-Man anymore.
I think a lot of people don't give a shit about Pac-Man.
Grab Pac-Man.
No, no, no.
Hold on.
Stop.
Stop.
Shut up.
Okay.
Stop it.
Real quick.
Granted, Pac-Man Championship Edition is pretty awesome.
Thank you.
Because it is like the original Pac-Man.
I don't give a shit about Tilty Pac-Man.
I don't give a shit about Pac-Man in a go-kart.
I don't give a shit about Pac-Man at a party.
I don't give a shit about multiplayer Pac-Man.
I mean, it's just, Pac-Man's cool.
If you want to port it 8 billion times like you've already done, fine, you know, because
people just need to own Pac-Man again.
But stop trying to force Pac-Man down my throat.
That's like, I mean, seriously, it's just, okay, well, can I finish my story, please?
Do people keep buying it?
Because they're stupid.
Because it's cheap.
Because they put it out in the iPod and stuff for 99 cents.
Because people buy anything for 99 cents.
My sensibilities are being offended.
Yes, Dark Sakura.
I'm going to finish my story now, please.
Go ahead.
And besides that, Pac-Pix did kind of suck.
Seriously.
Terrible.
The Galaga is going to be completely reimagined as a rail shooter, by the way.
I don't know how I feel about that.
The thought that I might enjoy it makes me feel a little dirty.
I'd look at that.
I'd check that out.
It'd be awesome.
You'd hit that?
What?
You'd hit that?
Yeah.
Let's do a Space Invaders rail shooter in the time crisis engine, since we're aborting
on all these franchises.
Hey, because Yars' Revenge is going to be awesome as a rail shooter with anime chicks.
I think I'm done.
No interest in the battle royale game, that new arcade table.
That looks kind of cool.
No interest?
No, it's stupid.
I mean, because if you play that game with one person, you're playing the original Pac-Man.
Well maybe, Loki, maybe you need to evaluate.
Why don't I have any friends?
Could it be?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I don't want to be friends because I don't want to play multiplayer Pac-Man with them.
Well those aren't friends I want.
Why won't you play multiplayer Pac-Man with me, man?
What's wrong?
Why won't you play with me?
Because you never let me be Pinky!
Because you like crappy games!
No, it's... seriously though, I mean, I had to laugh though with just that arcade cabinet
because it's so expensive and it's meant to look like a cocktail cabinet.
Like people still remember what cocktail cabinets are.
Especially kids nowadays don't know what the fuck a cocktail cabinet is, and that shit's
gonna get broken so fast, and, really, I don't see a big draw to Pac-Man in the arcade.
People don't go to the fucking arcades to play Pac-Man, they can play Pac-Man on everything
because Namco's hoarded out to everything.
Including Google.
Exactly!
So why do I need to go to the arcade to play Pac-Man when I can play it anywhere?
So how does Ultracade manage to make any money then?
Because it seems like they've done a great job by cashing in on them.
There's always someone on the damn Ultracade machine at Dave & Buster's.
Always!
Easy!
Because their cabinets are cheap to reproduce.
Basically it's a cheap monitor, they have a cheap computer inside there that's running
on an arcade board, they license everything, and it gives a good option for arcade owners
because you have multiple games in one small cabinet instead of having a full arcade full
of games.
It's basically, you know, drop it in and you make money because everybody has a game that
they like on there.
And you can kick the machine!
It's fun.
Ah, moving on.
AlphaKananagram says, how much is that battle royale cabinet?
I don't remember the exact cost but I believe it's like $5,000 which is ridiculous.
And it's only because there's a stupid touch screen, you know, HDTV in there.
And honestly the game is-
Sounds pretty.
Great!
You know what?
They should just make it, port it to the Microsoft Surface because that's just, it has no software
for it.
I remember those.
That was fun.
That was at PAX that one year in that hotel that we weren't even staying at.
Because we were in the other hotel down the street but for some reason, who's hotel was
that?
Was that Bobby's hotel?
It was Bobby's.
We were just camped in front of the Microsoft Surface.
Actually we had a lot of fun though.
That was a fun time.
We were playing with the fish.
We were.
Google Maps.
Anyhow, sorry.
Reminiscing.
Yeah.
So move server is coming to PC is apparently maybe revealed at a game developer's conference.
Now what move server is is actually kind of a software development kit for porting move
controls over to the PC so you can use the, you know, move on the PC.
Not to be outdone by the Kinect or anything.
Neat idea I guess.
They already have kind of move type controllers anyways for the PC.
But I guess if you, you know, really want to find another use for your move controller
then you can go ahead and use it on your PC.
I'd imagine though you would need a Bluetooth adapter and, well obviously the stuff for
the move, the camera and everything.
Obviously no software supports it yet but, you know, it's set to be announced possibly
on March 2nd.
Am I the only one that doesn't really understand the need for the Kinect and the move stuff
on the PC?
I don't know about you guys, but my PC is in my bedroom and it's kind of in a space
where I don't really want to move around.
Like that's my place to get fat is I sit my butt in that chair and I have my feet up on
the desk and I'm playing World of Warcraft.
Click click click click click.
Yeah.
I don't play Kinect in my bedroom.
Here's the thing for the move stuff.
Who would do that?
Well.
Maybe a paraplegic.
The Kinect, I mean, I think is going to entice people more to hook it up to the PC because
of all the cool, neat things you can do with it.
The move is really just another controller.
It's like the Wii.
And honestly, the move wasn't that exciting when it came out on the PlayStation 3.
I mean, it's a decent controller, but it, and I know that they're really pushing hard
for it to be like a first person shooter and a hardcore accessory.
But honestly, the hardcore players out there, they see right through this shit and they're
not going to just go buy their stupid looking machine gun looking thing to plug this thing
into just because it's supposed to, it doesn't make you more accurate in these first person
shooter games.
It's just kind of weird.
But I don't think that you're going to see a lot of super innovative stuff with this.
I mean, the same type of stuff that you would see with this, you can do already on the Wii
remote with a Bluetooth adapter.
So I don't know, I'm just kind of scratching my head with it.
But hey, whatever, you know, they can go, hey, look, we're on PC too, yay.
You know, I just kind of saw this as trying to beat Microsoft to the punch in kind of
officially supporting them because they clearly, Sony sees, oh, great, people want to have
these motion controllers on their PCs.
That's awesome.
But the thing is, though, is it, I mean, what are you going to be able to do with it?
That's my thing is what are you going to be able to do with it?
I mean, the controller, it's pretty accurate and stuff, but it doesn't do all the cool
nifty like, you know, 3D scan stuff that you can do with the Kinect.
It's just, you know, good.
Now I have the vision camera support or whatever in, or not the vision camera, the PlayStation
Eye.
You know, big deal, now I can, I have a webcam, whoo, I mean, it's just, I don't see the point.
I would be kind of curious, though, I don't know if you actually need the eye camera.
I wonder if you can just use normal web cameras to, kind of as like the eye, that'd be kind
of neat.
See if you could do that.
But, I don't know, whatever, I guess it's good that they have another option.
I just don't see a lot of, you know, unless it's other than indie games and stuff like
that, I don't see a lot of people, like, adding support for this for their games.
I just don't think that's going to happen.
Again, I don't, if you have to buy all this other stuff to make it work, like the Bluetooth
adapter or whatever, well, I guess computers haven't built in nowadays, right?
A lot of computers have them, I mean, laptops and stuff have them built in.
Not so much, you know, actual PCs and stuff like that.
But I mean, that stuff's cheap.
It's not too expensive to add a Bluetooth adapter.
If you're really interested in this stuff, and hey, you may have one for like a headset
or something like that, so, great, but, I don't know, I guess it's neat to have the
option, but I just don't see a lot of people using this.
I think that the Kinect is going to be a lot more popular when it comes to stuff.
I mean, you'll see a lot of, you know, cool move hacks and stuff, and I mean, granted,
they could have come up with, I mean, it's Bluetooth, they could have come up with custom
drivers and stuff for the, the move controllers and everything, but you don't see anyone doing
that because no one cares.
It's just like, I don't think anyone's going to really care when this comes out for PC.
Alright, well, let's move on, since Loki is such a fan of Nintendo tonight, I just have
to get his opinion on this story.
One of the big games that Nintendo was hawking at last year's E3 was Zelda Skyward Sword.
Well, it looks like that they might be kind of pushing that game again at the expo this
year because it looks like Skyward Sword is going to be a little while before it comes
out.
It's clearly the first quarter of the year, it's not happening.
Second quarter of the year is looking a little grim because they have said that The Legend
of Zelda Ocarina of Time has been in the process of being remade for Nintendo 3DS, and this
Nintendo 3DS version is expected to hit the market earlier than Skyward Sword.
And that's what Satoru Iwata says in a recent financial report piece.
Come on, folks.
I mean, remade.
All they're doing is just porting the assets to the fucking 3DS, that's all they're doing.
Ooh, remade.
I thought at one point Nintendo was touting how easy it was to port games over to 3DS.
Exactly!
That's why there's so many-
Anything with a Z-axis.
It's just all, all it is is just, you know, some core engine stuff that they're rebuilding
and then all the assets and stuff, they're just porting on over.
I don't think that they're really up-resing a lot of the stuff that's on there.
They're just kind of straight porting it over and then, you know, tweaking the engine a
little bit to have it all run in.
That's all they're doing.
The Skyward Sword stuff, I'm not surprised.
I mean, look at how long, you know, Metroid Other M was delayed.
I mean, it was just kind of getting pushed back and back and back, you know, for a while.
And same with a lot of the other games.
And I would not be surprised if something like this, you know, doesn't come out.
I mean, because a lot of times I think that they're, they promise a lot of games that
come out and then they just don't have them.
And so they're like, okay, well crap, what's it going to be our holiday game or something
like that?
And then it'll get pushed to, you know, November or something like that.
Because really they haven't announced a lot of stuff.
I mean, sure, there's gonna be stuff at E3, but I don't know.
It's just, they're going to be looking for that big holiday title and sell more systems
for the Wii.
That's kind of my thought too.
You know, Miyamoto, they say in this that Miyamoto's team is entering the final completion
stage of the Wii title, whatever that means.
But this kind of makes me think that maybe part of the reason for this delay is so that
they have something to show on the Wii this year at that big expo.
You know what I mean?
Like maybe, uh, there's not a lot else scheduled to be coming out on the Wii.
Maybe just Dance 3?
I don't know.
I mean, I think what, well, some things I could see them doing, like, uh, you know,
New Super Mario Brothers 2, you know, I could see them doing something like that just because
they already have the engine built and it's basically just building new levels for it.
Maybe tweaking and adding some new things on their new abilities or some shit like that
and everyone will go buck wild over it.
Um, uh, they've been promising Pikmin forever, so they'll make me a new Pikmin game.
But honestly, I mean, I just can't get too excited about Pikmin, I'm sorry.
Um, I mean, I think this year there's going to be a lot of 3DS games, um, you know, you
may see...
Of course.
You're going to see a lot of stuff that they've already announced that's not coming out, like
the Kid Icarus game, again, is going to be another focus of, you know, E3 because it's
probably going to be their, I'd be willing to bet that's one of their holiday titles
for the 3DS.
Um, I don't know, it's just, it's more of the same.
I mean, that's all it really is, it's just, you know, what franchise haven't they put
out for a while?
I mean, okay, that's probably going to be the game coming.
Alright, let's go to Dark Soccer with another story for us, then we'll get to release dates.
We are just Nintendo focused today, aren't we?
Oh, we go where the news is.
Well, Reggie, Reggie, Reggie.
He has a problem with mobile gaming.
I have a problem with mobile gaming.
He has a problem with how cheap mobile games are, like, you know, for iPhone and this type
of app games.
He's basically, um, quoted saying that one of the biggest risks in the industry is inexpensive
games that are disposable from a consumer standpoint.
As in, oh crap, 99 cents, I'm fine with it, I'm done with it.
And basically it removes the idea of, you know, value from the game because now you're
so saturated with things that are so cheap that you expect everything to be so cheap.
What an amazing fucking metaphor for the state of games on the Wii.
Yeah.
I mean, here's the problem though.
Irony much?
You know, the problem with that thought though is that, what if those cheap games are really
good?
Well, see, that's what he said.
Well, now that's not possible.
He used Angry Birds as an example of the diamond in the rough, you know, that every so often
you come up with something that's exceptional, but for the most part, they're all just cookie
cutter crap.
Well, hey, you know, guess what, Nintendo?
You have this thing called the DSiWare service, why don't you start cutting, you know, coming
up with some really cheap concept games, sell them for, you know, a buck, and make some
money instead of bitching about how other people are being successful.
Waaah!
People are selling games and making money.
Why didn't I think of that?
Waaah!
Why isn't my, you know, twenty dollar copy of Let's Go Cook Some Shit in My Kitchen,
you know, not selling well?
Why?
What, people don't like math tutor games?
What's wrong with them?
Why isn't this selling?
I mean, come on.
Because Nintendo has to put forward this illusion of quality with things that they put out,
and yeah, I agree, a lot of it's crap, however, they do have their corporate image to uphold.
It's part of who they are, part of their branding.
They give, they stop caring about quality when that fucking seal left their goddamn
boxes.
And you know how many years ago that was?
A long time ago.
They don't give a shit, it's all about, what can we port, what will people want to buy?
What can we make them want to buy?
Oh hey, let's uh, let's port some GameCube games over and add Wii controls to them.
For the record, I do see people buying that shit.
Exactly.
They're making money.
Exactly.
They're making money.
They're literally bitching about somebody using a different business strategy to make
money.
Oh, I know.
Because they didn't think of it first.
If they didn't think of it first, and because it's competing with their market, and now
they're saying, well, how do we justify these games that are, you know, possibly crap like
this for $20 when these people are selling something similar that may be better than
our product for a dollar?
They can't.
You know, I gotta say though, to some extent, I think he has a point, because a lot of the
mobile games on the iOS system are pieces of shit.
Like a lot of them are truly terrible games.
Yeah.
Go ahead.
A friend of mine once said that trying to find a good app game at that price point is
like trying to get honest nutrition from a vending machine.
More often than not, you're getting a melted Snickers.
Sort of weird metaphor.
But I like it.
It's true.
First five minutes.
But you know, and to some extent, I'm willing to pay 30, 40 bucks for a great game if I'm
going to get that value out of it, you know?
Sometimes if I get a really good game for a dollar, it does kind of feel like a steal.
Hence like Steam sales.
That's another big thing.
I get great games for $4, $10.
I find it hard to, you know, excuse the fact that people are saying, well, there's a lot
of crappy games out there on the iOS.
Yes, there are.
And you know what?
If you do some research and before you, you know, purchase your games, you don't have
to buy all those crappy games.
Same with, you know, the more expensive games.
If you do your research, you don't have to buy the expensive games.
But at the same time, he's basically saying, well, these games are cheap and there's no
good cheap games out there.
That's not true.
The difference being is that in the case of some of these games that are on there for
dirt cheap, they're made by like a couple of guys who are just hanging out and like,
oh, let's put a buck on it.
We have to put something on it.
Let's do a dollar.
They just do it for fun.
You know, those little games come out, sometimes there'll be a company behind it.
With most of Nintendo's stuff, you're looking at basically developers, people who have to
pay employees to develop this, you know, bigger companies.
You're dealing with a corporate structure.
The other thing to look at too is that, you know, yeah, they have the DSiWare, but most
of their games are still physical games.
You have to pay for materials.
You have to pay for packaging.
There's a designer that goes into designing the box.
You've got someone doing the manual.
You have a technical writer writing everything that goes in the manual.
You have someone documenting the game mechanics.
You've got however many programmers.
You're actually having to pay more people for the product.
Therefore the price point is going to go up and they have to make a profit on it.
So you're dealing with corporate business as opposed to a couple of people just putting
out a game for shits.
But I'm a consumer.
I don't give a crap about that.
And that's the thing.
If they have this option to release a game for $10 instead of say $30 just because they
can avoid all those costs, why don't they do that?
Because if they market it well enough, they will have no problem selling that.
I guarantee if there is a good game that came on DSiWare, there's blogs that cover that
shit every week of what comes out.
People will be aware of it.
People will buy it and that's it.
I mean it's same with like Xbox Live Arcade.
There's tons of stuff that's $10, $20.
I mean there's great games.
For the most part, if they put out something that's going to be half the price to market
and they raise the price of it $10, chances are they're actually going to end up making
more money that way.
Here's a question.
You bring up a good point about like really everything that goes into making a video game.
But as the industry kind of moves towards this digital distribution thing, I think as
a whole, I think in the next generation of consoles, you're going to see more direct
downloads of games and you know, hence why we see GameStop starting to already come up
with their plan B, so to speak.
Should these people in the middle kind of be worried?
Well no, I see things definitely going that way.
But for right now, with what they have now, I think that, and keep in mind Nintendo, for
all the innovations that they like to bring in, they are very reluctant to change.
How long do they stick with a cartridge?
I mean really.
They do have that reluctance to embrace something new as far as marketing and distribution strategy
is concerned.
But I think that, you know, they're probably going to be another 10 years late like they
were before, but they're going to eventually catch up to it.
Right now, that's not in the way that they operate.
That's not in how they do business.
And they can't really see anything outside of their own box.
They may think that they're innovating in the way games are played and the way things
are doing.
They're looking at the way we can innovate what we have now within this little cube.
Not meaning to bring up the GameCube, of course.
But they've always been about their own proprietary hardware and their own proprietary way of
delivering the games.
They've been about doing things the Nintendo way.
And if you look over the course of the years, their business model really hasn't changed.
There hasn't been any real change in their strategy.
They've still kept things.
They want tight control over everything.
They want things to be to the Nintendo standard.
Even if the game is suck, all of the releasing of that game is done to Nintendo standard.
So I think it's also another way that they, you know, I mentioned their branding before.
I think it's actually a way that they protect their corporate identity too, is by having
such tight control over how everything goes out.
Unfortunately, that's money out of their pocket.
That's the way it goes.
That's how they can't see outside of their own business model to see a way that another
business model could work for them.
All right.
They're afraid to change.
I think they're afraid to take a risk.
I kind of agree and I don't want to go too far off track, but you know, companies afraid
to take risks.
That's something we've covered before.
And that is why Konami is not making the most profitable guitar game.
Although they could have.
They could have.
They wanted to take some risks.
They had it.
They had it.
I had it in my hand.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
We got to travel the world and talk about release dates of games that are coming out
very soon.
Let's start in the US.
This week, taking some serious risks on Nintendo Wii.
Mario Sports Mix.
It's a sports game with Mario and other people and some Square Enix characters as well.
People love their Mario games.
Brain and Body Connection.
This is a game that's kind of similar to the Brain Age game that was on the Wii.
That was on Xbox 360 supporting the Kinect, or I should say requiring the Kinect.
Press Drive Unlimited 2 on PC, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 this week.
Junior Brain Trainer 2 on Nintendo DS.
This is pretty awesome.
Finally making its comeback, You Don't Know Jack on DS, PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360
this week.
Oh my god, that's this week?
That's this week.
Holy crap, yay!
Is there like a demo or anything for this?
I don't know if there's a demo.
Actually, I heard there's probably a video on some website.
But I've heard if you pre-order it, it's $30 and it's going to be like $40 after pre-orders.
Something like that.
That's not right.
I don't think so.
That's just what someone said on the message board.
They dropped the price on it, so they probably told people to make some more pre-orders.
Trinity Souls of Zillow on PlayStation 3.
That's from, looks like Tecmo.
And Zuzu Princess, yay!
Another hamster game.
And then about a week from today, Dragon Quest VI, Realms of Revelation.
Realms of Revalency.
Sorry, can I look at this preview real quick for You Don't Know Jack here in studio?
Sure.
I just kind of want to check this out because I used to love this game so much.
So THQ is making this game.
Wow, that's an old logo.
Jellyvision.
Yay.
You don't know Jack.
The Trivia Party video game is back and all new for Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Wii, Nintendo
DS, and PC.
Everybody's favorites are still there.
Twisted trivia questions, the dis or dat, screw your neighbor, and the Jack Attack.
Plus all new face-melting features and surprises, including online play.
From socialism to social networks, from bigamy to bigfoot, from wargames to drinking games,
it's You Don't Know Jack.
Yeah, I gotta buy it.
Damn it.
I'm trying to save money, but I need this.
I need it.
When?
Will your liver explode if you don't have that, Rob?
Possibly.
My spleen will be painin'.
It's only 30 bucks, though.
That's not that bad.
Does it make your liver quiver?
It's only 30 bucks.
You heard the man.
It's half the price.
It's half the price of what I paid for that crappy Tron game.
Anyhow, anything else this week, Logie?
No, that's it.
All right.
Let's move over to Japan and talk about what is coming out over there in Japan this week.
On the 8th of February, the Asia regions are getting test drive unlimited too.
Sometimes the Asia dates sneak their way onto my list.
But on the 10th of February, actually in Japan this week, Entaku no Saito, Students of Round,
comes out this week.
I'm not sure what that is.
It's an RPG game on the Xbox 360.
Looks like, kind of neat, looks like you can have like a party of six people and you can
kind of use your D-pad to use like, you know, attacks or spells or items.
This looks like it might be very old school RPG.
It doesn't look like it has kind of all the newfangled stuff in it, so.
It's called Entaku no Saito, Students of Round, is what it's called, Logie?
Students of Round.
Yes.
Students of Round.
And Final Fantasy VII.
Red Dead Redemption, Undead Nightmare finally makes its way to Japan this week as well.
So if you are in Japan and you like yourself some Red Dead Redemption, check it out.
PlayStation 3 in Japan this week, LittleBigPlanet 2 finally makes it your way, as well as Red
Dead Redemption, Undead Nightmare, and Sengoku Musou 3Z comes out in a regular and like a
special limited edition.
So if you are a fan of these games, this is the third one in the series from Koei.
I think it's like a Dynasty Warriors-esque kind of game.
It's more Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
Oh yes.
And you like choose between all these different characters.
It looks like there's like 20 different characters.
Basically, if you see Sengoku in the name, that's what it is.
Alright, moving on to some of the other consoles, going to the Nintendo Wii, Sengoku Musou 3
Moshuden, which means scale down version.
I just made that up, but seeing as it's on the Wii, it probably is a little bit different.
Something legend.
Side story.
Nothing on the DS this week, obviously, because they're still warming up for the 3DS out there.
So the only other system that I would really mention is the PSP, which has Tales of the
World Radiant Mythology 3 coming out this week from Bandai Namco.
So check that out.
Music game fans, DJ Max Portable 3 is out next week.
Thought I'd throw that out there.
This looks a little bit like that Final Fantasy Crisis Core, kind of, but a different set
of characters, this whole Tales of the World.
I wonder if that's the Tales of Blank series, kind of on the PSP.
Don't know.
How about Europe?
Well, for Europe, we have on the 8th EverQuest 2, Destiny of Velious on PC, and Explodemum
Demon, Explodemon on PlayStation 3.
On the 11th, we have Test Drive Unlimited 2 on PS3 and Xbox 360, and Dr. Kawashima's
Body and Brain Training on Xbox 360.
We also have Edna and Harvey the Breakout on PC, Test Drive Unlimited 2 on PC, and Trinity
Zil-ol-zero for PS3 by Koei.
All right.
Just a couple more news stories for you guys, then we got the classic game of the week,
and it's a good one for episode 400.
People are going to be tingly in their special places.
I hope so.
Let's move on with a couple quick stories before that.
We talked last week about how Sony announced the PlayStation suite, which will bring PlayStation
1 emulation to the Android platform.
Well, there's rumors that they may be expanding the suite to cover other operating systems,
including the iOS format, as well as Windows at a later date.
So it might make it kind of cool to have an official PlayStation 1 emulator.
I can't imagine how that won't be cracked, but okay.
I actually already have plenty of emulators out there, now that I think of it.
They're even saying that it's possible that other Sony products, like Sony Internet TV
powered by Google, might also get some support for it.
That might be kind of neat, I guess.
Make some really cheap PlayStation 1 players, I guess.
Yeah.
So they have a completely open stance to it, they say.
So that's pretty neat.
I can totally see them doing that.
I guess wherever the money can be made, right?
That's the old rule of thumb.
Exactly.
And honestly, I think porting it to a PC platform would probably be a little bit better, seeing
as, you know, you have buttons.
And as they stress, you know, buttons are important.
Except on these certain mobile phones, we'll make do without them.
Speaking of mobile phones, and especially the whole crossover, and this is kind of ironic
considering the story that DarkSakura was talking about a little earlier, Angry Birds
is apparently making its way onto the 3DS.
That's right.
Rovio, who makes Angry Birds, they're trying to bring Angry Birds to just about every platform
that's out there.
And of course, that would include the 3DS.
They spoke with 3DS Focus, and they are saying that they're going to bring out their games
on the 3DS's download titles later this year, including Angry Birds Rio.
There you go.
So they're gonna be in awe-inspiring 3D.
Angry Birds is also out for the PS3 and the PSP, if you're curious.
Come on!
It's Angry Birds, a 2D game.
Does that really need to be a 3D?
Maybe you can, like, be behind the bird while you shoot things.
I don't know.
That's dumb.
It is a little dumb.
Alright.
Uh, let's get into a segment we like to do on the show here where we walk into the vault
and pick a game.
It's the classic game of the week.
It's DarkSakura's opportunity to find a game that she thinks, hey, you guys should be worshipping
this game.
Or at least check it out.
It's the classic game of the week.
This is another game that we should introduce by menu, Rob.
I will try.
Not everybody's gonna recognize it, you know.
I know.
But the people who do will get special brownie points.
Here we go.
Let's fire it up here and look at some of the music.
Or at least some of the ambience from this game.
Ah, memories.
Best menu music ever.
Alright.
What is it, DarkSakura?
I'm dying.
It's B-Mania.
Yay.
It is the game that started it all.
This gave us the whole Bimani thing.
This gave us Orange Lounge Radio.
Gee, Konami, what were you thinking?
But it started off in 1997 and really got big in 98.
I remember back in the day having the emulator BM98 on my computer so I could play B-Mania
stuff at home.
That was my first Bimani experience with BM98.
And from there we've had B-Mania 2 DX, we've had B-Mania 3, we've had DDR, Para Para, Dance
of Maniacs.
So many.
So many.
But let's go ahead and focus on the original B-Mania.
You had five keys and a turntable and everybody was right-side pride back in the day.
And so basically the little platforms would scroll down on your screen and you had to
hit the corresponding button or scratch at the right time or a combination of buttons
with a very interesting kind of low-quality video playing in the background that was typically
just repeated scenes over and over again.
It was the PlayStation 1 after all.
Well I'm talking about the arcade one too, shoot.
But yeah we had, it came out on the PlayStation, they had the really nice controller and the
dinky controller and I started off with the dinky controller and then bought a nice controller.
And we had all kinds of versions.
But we'll go ahead and talk a little bit about B-Mania's second mix and B-Mania which was
the first one that came out on the PlayStation.
We had practice mode where you could practice, free mode and expert, expert plus and easy.
That was actually available in third mix.
Expert plus was offered in sixth mix and of course boss battle where you would, that was
just so much fun watching the, actually you'd also have your tutorial mode too where they
would tell you how to play.
B-Mania 3 had that too.
B-Mania 3 had an effector pedal which I don't think I played a single song on that game
that actually used the pedal, but it did also have the effector sliders which was really
neat.
And the cabinets were, there was a standard cabinet and a mini cabinet.
The standard I'm sure is the one that most everyone's seen which is the 29 inch screen.
The mini cabinet had the 20 inch screen and basically I think one was space saver or the
other.
But the mini cabinet they didn't get too many released in the US.
If you can find an American beatmania that's made of the mini cabinet, probably kind of
worth some money I think.
However you can go buy old beatmania machines for like what, 300 bucks at the metronome?
Seriously.
But I remember back in the day when we would get new bit money games and would trek across
California to you know go to Milpitas or Sunnyvale or I remember going for when DDR Max came
out going to San Diego and looking for one there while I was already there.
But yeah we've got also all kinds of different versions that have come out.
We've had beatmania, actually the US beatmania which is actually beatmania 2DX, the 7 key
with the switchable turntable had a beatmania mode in it which basically was just 5 keys
but I'm not gonna pick on that.
There were versions for the Game Boy Color and the WonderSwan Color which we knew somebody
who had that, an ex roommate of yours.
It was really hard, the little scratching table was like it attached to the WonderSwan
and it didn't quite work on the WonderSwan Color quite right.
And they also had little keychain beatmania games too.
It was a huge fad for a while.
Very big.
And Konami, oh Konami.
They were kinda late to jump on the beatmania bandwagon in the US.
They didn't listen to their fans, well a couple of them listened to their fans but nobody
listened to them for quite a while until they were like oh I see you're importing it, let's
bring it out.
Gee DDR is suddenly selling over there, maybe we should have got on that a while ago.
The first official beatmania game in the US you guys was a port of 2DX night style, sorta.
It kinda used that interface and had a mishmash of games.
Oh yeah the crappy, I don't even acknowledge that.
But it is beatmania.
Yeah that's true, that's true.
And it came out relatively early enough and we had one of those at RVGL.
And it was, let me just go back into the list of the games and keep in mind I probably have
most of these.
I remember when I went hunting down a club mix cause that in my opinion is the best.
Can you play salamander beatcrush mix or?
Yeah I can play salamander beatcrush mix, hold on.
I didn't see what you were playing, oh you're playing overdoser?
No you had some video of it.
Let me actually do this video.
The only cool part of this one is the beginning of it.
I don't think this is somebody filming their TV, I think this is actual, oh they are filming
their TV.
Oh wow.
Oh there's this one actually, this is an actual.
There we go, yeah.
Which really only at the beginning sounds like salamander music.
Right.
But I mean they did have all kinds of remixes from their old games in that too but here's
all the different versions.
As far as arcade releases we had beatmania, beatmania second mix, third mix complete mix
which was hip hop mania over here, we got that as hip hop mania.
We had fourth mix the beat goes on, fifth mix time to get down which actually had a
lot of good music.
There was complete mix 2, now take that back, that was the one that we had because it had
3, 2, 1 stars in it, remember.
Anyway, club mix, beatmania featuring dreams come true which was a little j-pop band back
then, beatmania core remix, there was sixth mix UK underground musics, seventh mix keep
an evolution and beatmania the final.
And in korea there was beatstage, beatstage third mix, beatstage complete mix, beatstage
fourth mix, the beat goes on, fifth mix time to get down and in north america we had hip
hop mania complete mix and complete mix 2.
Geez.
On the playstation, I'm gonna read them all, it's episode 400 and I can, beatmania, beatmania
append yebisu mix which I have, third mix mini, append third, yeah these are all appends
which basically if you had the first game you bought the appends and you'd swap them
which made it a pain in the ass if you were on an american system trying to get them to
play and having to do the disc swaps and all this crap which I found my way around.
You get a little thing that plugs into the back, there was go to mix, fourth mix, fifth
mix best hits, dreams come true, go to mix 2 going global which was actually pretty cool,
club mix, the sound of tokyo which was also fun, sixth mix and beatmania europe.
For gameboy colors there was beatmania gb, gb2 gotcha mix and gb2 gotcha mix 2.
Wonder swan, there was beatmania for wonder swan, there was a bajillion bemoni pockets
which I was talking about little monochrome lcb screens and they were little but the fun
thing about that is there was an anime song mix that was all stuff from anime by go nagai
which is like cutie honey and mazinger z and you know, there was a toki meki memorial
version because you know konami own toki meki memorial, a bunch of anime, there was a hello
kitty mix, there was enjoy georgia's signature, there was tiger's version, kawaii version
which means cute but it had to do with magazine, toki meki 2 love stories, kona mix best hits
2000 and tiger's version 2 which was for the hanshin tiger's baseball team.
Baseball is a big deal.
And that's it.
If there were more, I ain't reading them.
Right, it was a lot to begin with but it just shows you like how big and it was so weird
that this game just didn't really, it was a cult thing here, it really was, so like
under the radar.
We were weird for liking this game.
I just remember and this is actually literally how I got into it.
It was probably february of 98 on, I think we were actually on the old penny and two,
the overclocked 60 to 120 computer dan had.
One of my friends saying, hey there's this game out in japan but we can't get it but
here's an emulator.
And it was bm 98.
Nice.
And then it went from there.
Right.
I need to download bm 98 again.
Your classic game of the week beatmania available in the arcade or on many, many, many, many,
different home releases on playstations.
Oh it loves me.
Oh yeah.
Alright that does it for your classic game of the week and it also brings part a of the
show to a close but don't go anywhere guys.
In part b tonight we've got a lot, it's probably going to be a very long part b tonight.
We got your twitter topics of which there's a lot to get to tonight so get your twitter
topics in.
We'll get those and we'll get the fus of the week of course, the skype line as well and
you know what we figured it's episode 400 we got a lot of people in the house.
Let's do a match game tonight.
OLR match game returns tonight and we actually have a legitimate prize to give away tonight
so it's pretty cool.
So we're going to give that away when we come back with more of orange lounge radio.
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio we are live on this sunday evening february
the 6th of 2011 at allgames.com for our 400th episode of our show.
So welcome you guys and loki is in the house he's playing gal gun tonight and he's been
playing it pretty much during the entire show and he's not ranting about something nintendo.
So loki what do you think so far?
Like right now he's in like a music room something I don't know shooting girls with love.
It's a weird game I don't know I don't really know what's going on but I know that they
have this like focus mode where you're doing something to parts of girls and then they
orgasm and it causes the other girls to orgasm or whatever they faint with love what it's
an orgasm okay so hot infectious orgasm strange fun all right yeah I could see why they got
rid of the panty shots though because I mean it would have been porn pretty much yeah is
that now we were talking earlier about one-handed games do you think algun could be a one-handed
game with a special controller maybe I mean because you'd have to you'd have it's hard
because you have to aim with the left analog stick and then you have the flashlight attachment
issue with the a button I was gonna say if it had an auto auto fire then yeah because
then you could just auto fire maybe and they have like a zoom you probably do with like
some sort of like special like remappable like nunchuck type controller or something
where you have a shoot button as a trigger and maybe you could do it one-handed then
but no it's not a one-handed game all right well I love this new video capture card thing
it's awesome we're gonna get into some rapid-fire news here in just a little bit but first we
like to do little plugs for our side projects of which we have a couple of them dark Sakura
does a comic book podcast every week with her pals yes it's called comic insanity and
you can download it on iTunes or at infamous.net and if a mo us and we also have an app out
for Android soon to be iPhone as soon as Apple gets their button gear and you can download
us on Tuesdays we are comics when are we gonna know our app for Android when someone makes
it for us because I don't know how to do that crap I don't either you but you got it for
comic insanity I didn't do it okay we need to talk to your peoples I'll have my people
contact us people I don't know what chatters like that I don't know what we do on an iPhone
or an Twitter and Facebook connection and okay links to the forums maybe like exclusive
content like topless pictures of Shermy Shermy is always topless she's such a whore I mean
not really good if you don't know by the way Shermy is of course dark Sakura's cat she's
very fat and sassy I got her to play this morning you got her to play what wow no I
dangled a string oh she's like bat that was fun good times my cats used to lose their
mind over the laser pointer and now the best that they'll do is if you wiggle the laser
dot they'll do the with their arms they're like I'm gonna reach for it but that's it
I'm not chasing that shit anymore I'm too old so bat bat did I tell you that when I
got Shermy one of those she hated what you do know she looked at the little dot and then
she looked right up at the pointer realized how it worked and didn't try anymore sure
we just don't care all right she's smart when she's trying to be lazy another spin-off show
if you're a fan of World of Warcraft or even if you're not and you like really obscene
chat join me and my pal extra fur for the best little horde house in Azeroth or horde
house for short we're too poor for a website but you can find us in iTunes or whatever
podcast engine you use just look for horde house h-o-r-d-e-h-o-u-s-a by the way speaking
of World of Warcraft I understand a lot of my guildies are listening at least that's
what excellent just told me so hi guild grats on level 9 why aren't you in chat beating
level 9 yeah that's why she's popped just perked up whoa hey wow news yes they just
hit level 9 we were really close and everybody's doing their alts right now it looks like so
you get lots of guild leveling from that all right but we'll save the rest of the wow chatter
for the best little horde house in Azeroth which usually releases Thursdays ish depending
on our taping schedule which is really erratic although I will say this extra for told me
he loved the live show love the live show and kind of wants to do it again so you never
know what might happen we might have to storm the OLR studios more than once a week all
right anyhow let's move on to some rapid fire news and lots and lots of news that we just
don't have time to talk a whole long time about because you know we've got to fit in
Nintendo rants for Loki so Loki armored core 5 was announced and it's kind of cool it's
been announced for a while but they announced that it's going to have team based online
multiplayer which is pretty cool it's expected to come out over here I guess they're saying
it's 2012 in North America and Europe and late 2011 in Japan but the game looks pretty
awesome kind of reminds me a little bit of the like the crossing oh god chrome hounds
with armored core 4 which is pretty cool because that chrome hounds kind of had that team based
co-op stuff and chrome hounds kind of had like that cultish following to it but unfortunately
not strong enough following to necessitate a second game right yeah it was kind of like
think their version of like a North American armored core just stick with armored core
the problem with chrome hounds was it was slow just slow mechs slow everything whereas
armored core is just kind of fast and fast-paced lots of missiles and yeah so um that'll be
kind of cool and expect that next year I guess uh Namco announced that yes guess what we're
gonna do another Ridge Racer this current generation I'm gonna wait for another console
to come out Ridge Racer yes Ridge Racer unbounded and that's gonna be on Xbox 360 PlayStation
3 and PC in 2012 the game had a little teaser trailer for it of course no actual gameplay
but it basically kind of resembles burnout and it's actually being developed by Bugbear
Entertainment who of course put out the game flat out so they kind of know something about
destructible racing games and I don't know it looks kind of neat I like burnout Ridge
Racer is kind of cool so Ridge Racer drifting with burnout which of course what story about
Ridge Racer would be incomplete without damage it's Ridge Racer Ridge Racer PlayStation yes
and then this is not too unexpected but Project Dark which was a working title for of course
this new game Dark Souls was announced in the latest Famitsu magazine it's basically
gonna be the kind of a successor to Demon's Souls but not in a way they're actually saying
that they're making the game harder and they said I guess similar it's gonna be similar
in style but not necessarily a sequel to Demon's Souls and players will be able to create their
own characters though they're no longer I guess different job classes I guess just tweaks
to the world design as well the world is no longer divided into levels instead being one
large area and there's gonna be cooperative and competitive players will it be as fucking
hard because oh my it's gonna be harder oh god seriously Demon's Souls is awesome couldn't
tell you much about it though because I keep getting killed horrifically over and over
again it's not a forgiving game and let's see what else well they're cool tidbits did
they have about it of course they said that the online system will be returning and it's
been highly enhanced to allow users to share experience and they said grow together in
the world although I'm sure that means going to other people's games and trying to kill
the other people like you could in the original neat I know the first game is pretty cool
it's kind of a sleeper hit so it should be good all right moving on to some other stories
you know earlier in the show we talked about this and Final Fantasy 4 the complete collection
on the PSP I am so excited for this because I love one and two on the PSP and this looks
amazing it's gonna be coming out April 19th at the complete collection so and that is
the North American release day wow that's right it is so you're getting an awesome game
as a present for your birthday from Squeenix it's gonna retail for $30 and of course if
you haven't heard this is the original Final Fantasy 4 and the after years which came out
originally on mobile gaming over in Japan and later on the Wii I played about I don't
know half of it on the Wii but there was a lot of download episodes you had to do and
I beat like two of them but yeah it'll be nice to have the entire collection on the
PSP this story almost makes me a little sad because I have Final Fantasy 4 for the DS
the 3d one that they did played the first hour of it gorgeous love it my favorite Final
Fantasy and now it's like I feel that I shouldn't play that and finish that because this is
coming out even though that the art design is totally different you know I really liked
the 3d Final Fantasies which is weird because I was I'm usually not like into the 3d stuff
but I just I love the art style on the PSP ones like it's just so sharp and they've just
retouched those sprites and it's that this this is the same look that they gave Final
Fantasy 1 and 2 and apparently there's supposed to be like new effects with the magic and
everything and there's you know there's some videos out there too it looks great have you
seen the trailer I haven't it looks pretty cool let me see if I can do I know it's supposed
to be rapid fire news let me see if I can do a quick quick quick shot of the trailer
here which was available somewhere let me see if I can find it I might have to search
YouTube for it so maybe I'll show you later remind me after the show all right let's move
on though with other releases tapper is coming out on the iPhone and the iPad new school
tapper not the old school tapper yep that's right it's a brand new tapper game that's
going to be coming out you know root beer tapper if you never played the old school
one that's actually beer which most people I don't think ever played the beer one so
I remember it root beer tapper is coming out on the iPhone and the iPad all those iOS it's
going to be called tapper world tour it is not a port of the original game I mean obviously
it's that same same kind of feel but it's all new graphics and this is what's kind of
cool the new graphics it's all hand drawn graphics courtesy of you ready for this dark
Sakura Don Bluth is doing all the drawing for this game and if you don't know who that
is he did the dragon's lair games back in the day and he's kind of like a legend in
the animation circles so that's awesome actually like at first I was kind of like I love tapper
it's like a farce old school games go but when I heard about this I was like oh yeah
yeah another yeah this would be like yards revenge turning in her first person shooter
that'll be great but then I heard like Don Bluth's doing all the art and I'm like oh
now it just went like the 80s awesome again yeah to bring it back to Don Bluth he did
the secret of NIMH movie and Xanadu oh god and all dogs go to heaven and I want to say
Fern Gully was that him or no I think perhaps IDK anyway that guy he's awesome alright moving
on to a story about Castlevania you know Castlevania harmony of despair is one of those games is
available on Xbox Live Arcade well there is a new stage that's available for 240 Microsoft
points it's based on an original Famicom Konami title Getsufuma den so there you go 160 points
if you want to actually play as the character Getsufuma it has 8-bit graphics though and
I guess it's kind of old school sorry I didn't mean to do the loud but this is kind of what
it looks like here in the game see if I can kind of kind of neat those almost look like
little metroids that you're fighting there so there you go that's coming out soon moving
on Dark Sakura some quick stories for us and the Twitter topics is twitter.com slash olr
well we talked about Pac-Man in part A Ms. Pac-Man is going to be coming out for iPad
and then there will be a free Valentine's Day update for Pac-Man on the iPhone it's
a more Namco love in the form of Pac-Man so that's cute and then this makes me happy Puyo
Puyo will be on Virtual Console in Japan and it will have online multiplayer so I guess
Nintendo sort of getting it but not really well hold on you said Virtual Console and
online multiplayer yes in Wow I don't know what those words mean when they're put together
I know it's not that I are you sure Puyo Puyo I love Puyo Puyo the original have online
multiplayer you could play two people it was on like the Sega Genesis right I know but
Nintendo never adds anything to their game so it must have been on the original I'm glad
I've foreseen the internet and you know there were four player versions though that came
out on Nintendo 64 and Saturn I'm glad a landmark game such as Puyo Puyo yeah it's like Puyo
Puyo is amazing but of all the games like why I don't understand but they like to keep
us confused that's maybe they're waiting to see how this does and then they're gonna go
back and do everything else and re-release it for eight more dollars with online multiplayer
and all that shit that we should have had the first time right Dark Sakura yes it was
such a fun game such a fun game and then we have a little bit of something else we have
Back to the Future on PS3 it has a date it will be February 15th on the US PlayStation
Network it will be 20 bucks $19.99 and you get all five episodes on lunch day the rest
are going to be staggered of course pretty cool good voice acting that dude sounds really
dead on that's what I hear watched an interview with him not too long ago it was pretty cool
awesome yeah all right let's get to the tweets twitter topics at twitter.com slash olr if
you're not following us why not all right we have some questions earlier this week kind
of you know since we're coming up on our 400th episode and you know lots of people are saying
yay grats on 400 because I don't know what other video game podcasts that are weekly
have gotten as high as 400 I'm not sure if they're out there I don't know of them you'll
have to tell me so you know we're excited and we have no plans to quit anytime soon
so who knows we might just make 500 we'll see anyhow we were asking folks what was your
favorite moment of the past 400 episodes we asked that question on twitter earlier this
week the seg said when I was on the show of course deep man said rob coming out to the
olr to go fans I don't even remember that actually I mean it had to happen at some point
but I don't know I was just kind of always the gay one uh rob boycotting the xbox I think
that's when I got really mad at my xbox red ringing of death like three days after I bought
it and then I think it red ringed again he was really mad uh Loki's mac rant that's like
every week um e3 2006 I think it was my first show sorry no dates alpha kenanagram says
one of them was it to go it's pizza man remember that good times that was one of the older
shows uh dark tetsuya says karaoke revolution 69 and 120 those are the episodes number of
those happening the april fool's day pre-show 2007 with the giggling lesbian gaming show
I remember that one and uh the death of the soundboard table in episode 307 remember when
uh intern drew knocked the whole damn table over yes yes I remember that too that was
awesome good times still never found his body then we asked what should happen in the next
few episodes of orange launch radio you know what's happened the next 400 episodes orange
launch radio zaku pilot 256 said dance party come on that happens every week it's just
the after we've gone off the air uh kidman project says the inauguration of president
cat uh blade 3 says I want to see rob get married and jamie and dan have a little demon
baby that plays video games at age 1.5 it'll happen a demon baby will happen act def says
what I hope happens is that you get to a thousand episodes congrats for making it there this
far and here's for 600 more but at 1000 guys it's seriously over because by the time we
get to 1000 episodes let's see if it took us almost 10 years to get to 400 we'll be
getting close to like 45 by the time the thousand comes out close to 50 the holodeck ought to
be out by then and then there's really no more need for olr the olr will olr will cease
to you won't be able to drag rob out of the holodeck exactly I'll be playing one-hand
games in the holodeck all right um what do you want to see in the next 400 episodes of
olr alpha kenanagram says some on-air smack talk from loki's kid it could happen if we
keep if we go another 10 years the kid could come in here and say something uh we'll see
let's see uh dark tetsuya says three words loki as tingle or at very least the return
of rob's mr spanky see people wouldn't understand the mr spanky joke anymore you know mr spanky
was really funny when he was a character in ddr but now it doesn't make sense like we
don't have the pictures anymore i feel like there needs to be a sock puppet to accompany
that there kind of was okay you have to understand ddr on the pc had downloadable characters
it was kind of this neat thing and one of the characters was like this full-on bondage
guy in outfits named mr spanky and so i used to do an impersonation basically sounds like
what's that yeah it was just like voldo yes kind of but he was like a bit he was like
fulsome street fair big burly like bear guy so i don't know it's kind of like half mexican
wrestler half pornography i don't know what to tell you all right uh let's see red the
haze says next 400 episodes someone gets into a coma evil twin steps in and steals the show
rob's then steps out of the shower and it was all a dream it was all just a dream just
a horrible horrible dream all right uh actually that that twitter that tweet though makes
me think that maybe i should give you guys a preview of the new theme song of olr let
me load it here let me see if i can get it here we go so the new theme song for olr here
you go get it because it was all a dream get it anyone we're old i thought that you were
going to just put on the daytime shot jr rob do you remember who shot jr uh his sister
yep it was a sister and who killed laura palmer i don't know i didn't watch swimpeaks it was
her i know dad possessed by bob all right i just totally ruined twin peaks for all you
actually no it's a great show i knew that going into watching twin peaks by the way
both those shows like 10 20 years old no like twin peaks is like fucking 20 years old at
this point so like if you didn't already know like i'm not going to save you from spoilers
all right uh moving on uh let's see let's get to some tweets oh back to the twitter
music some like tweets for topics tonight uh hatch 71 tweeted us and says can't wait
to hear the discussion on sony's continued persecution of the hacking community i like
the way he phrased that there the uh persecution yeah it gets worse actually really do we have
a story on it coming up later uh no but i i want to sum it up for us last minister yes
uh they are actually now trying to go after everybody literally um they've uh let's see
here find an exact one here sony is looking for you it says apparently over the website
psx scene the latest court documents because they've been putting up all the court documents
kind of like wikileaks um they're pretty much going after everyone they're planning to subpoena
several sites including psx scene youtube twitter paypal and slashdot in order to attempt
to locate the whereabouts of team fail overflow and other hackers like uh kakaroto uh one
at cocoa and uh graph chocolo hermes and kamu those are a lot of the guys behind some of
the custom firmwares and stuff they can go after them all they want but the thing is
a lot of these guys aren't even from the us and uh the dms dmca does not apply to them
and on top of all that stuff too um you know if this court case comes out where you know
this guy they find it okay to be able to jailbreak ps3s or whatever in those it's gonna matter
anyway but they're fine they're trying to take down as many people as possible or mainly
just to scare people i guess whatever well it's like when the ria takes a random housewife
or grandma and says all right you have four songs from kesha on your computer so we're
suing you for like 30 million dollars and your appeals will get denied it's the same
thing i didn't mean to download the kesha it just infected my computer i think i slept
with someone and suddenly i got a kesha infection that sounds like a disease i'm sorry i i caught
kesha oh and then and then here here's here's something better if if you want to kind of
follow up with that you know sony is hunting everybody down lennox has been brought back
to firmware 3.41 uh nothing public yet but they've brought it back and not only is it
brought back but now it has full access to all the uh resources of the playstation 3
so it's lennox better i guess it's super lennox lennox evolved lennox evolved it knows
uh big thanks to all the people that are tweeting about our 400th episode really appreciate
it there's a lot of you guys on twitter that are like yay 400 episode 400 and so forth
and i love all the pictures that they have of a giant enemy crab wait what oh for the
sony stories i was like what i didn't get any giant enemy craps on twitter no i didn't
catch crabs i didn't catch kesha all right tiger claw says it's a tweet one tweet tells
me he wasn't listening to part a he must have been watching that football game because we
talked about that story already but i'll read this other one mad cats is making a replacement
fight stick panel for mortal combat this is a tweet from our pal tiger claw who always
promotes our show we appreciate him uh he says uh or i'm sorry this story says that
there is a mortal combat tournament edition arcade stick um but i guess it has kind of
like a unique layout to it so uh mad cats came out and says there's going to be a replacement
panel for the current tournament edition fight sticks that will let you have the arcade perfect
controls here's the deal remember like street fighter has like six buttons but mortal combat
has like well it also has six if you count the run button but they're in like a different
arrangement it's like an x you know it's all pump it up style high low punch high low kick
block exactly block is in the middle and kind of makes an x and then run is kind of like
awkwardly off to the side so there you go so that's kind of cool they're making a new
overlay for that that's kind of awesome actually uh all right and sturlock is um sending us
a tweet about uh what we can do in the next few episodes of orange lounge radio just keep
doing what you're doing the show just keeps getting better and better here's to another
four hundred episodes of awesome oh you guys are awesome uh sj100 matt says we need t-shirts
within the next 400 episodes we probably do all right that's it for twitter topics tonight
except i have to point this out uh salacious pop you know how i told you the guildies were
listening to tonight's show yeah i just got a i got a text there from uh one of our guildies
there spike raging at kesha hate which by the way have you seen that toy that they sell
in targets this little uh dancing a little uh like valentine's day doll that you can
give somebody speaking of which
almost sounds like the real thing look at that all right moving on how about some actual
gaming news back to more video games more video games less kesha sorry uh loki all right
um this is kind of cool um well the game's kind of cool what they're doing not quite
cool uh bionic commando rear arm 2 just came out on the playstation network and on xbox
live arcade you may remember back uh final fight double impact uh where there was kind
of this unannounced uh drm in place basically you had to be connected to the internet in
order to play the game so if you downloaded it and say you want to play it offline or
if your internet cut out that sucks and then of course you know capcom apologized you know
for it and stuff but really what they're apologizing for is that they didn't tell you about it
up front because bionic commander 2 rear armed has the same drm in place you have to be connected
to the internet in order to play this game they've done that because um they don't want
people sharing the game apparently there is a way you know you could share the game up
to five times by recovering your accounts and stuff like that and um so people buy a
copy and then they share with you know four other friends and stuff um and so now they
have a note on the game listing it says no you must log into the playstation network
each time you play the game uh this is while final fight double impact um i guess they
had like a online co-op mode rear arm does not have an online co-op mode or an online
mode at all it's an offline game so it's just kind of a dick move if you ask me well distributing
their game is also a dick move yeah but you know what though the thing is is this is pissing
a lot of people off in the you know some people may not care about it and will purchase the
game but some people actually are just not purchasing the game regardless of they didn't
even care about sharing the xbox one at the same requirement i don't think they do interesting
you know i could see where people like you can't share the game back and forth because
what if like you have to uh you know what if you're just ps3 isn't hooked up to go online
but then i think well you got to go online to get the game so i guess not having an internet
connection okay let's let's play devil's advocate here say you take your ps3 to a friend's house
and say oh i really want this game you go to the friend's house hook it up to your internet
connection download the game and then you take it home you're like crap can't play it
i i realize things are different now but like i know back in the day like especially with
the dreamcast i used to have to run a gigantic cord across the entire house and hook it into
my dreamcast if i wanted to play so you know it wasn't always online and i think some people
are still kind of doing that with ps3 even though it has built-in wi-fi just some people
in some places are a little bit behind the times you know it happens especially if you're
on wi-fi wi-fi can be sketchy sometimes true you get drops every now and then um have they
said what happened what happens if like you you know you start up the game and then your
wi-fi just cuts out because i've had problems with my internet connection i think you get
kicked out of the game oh my gosh that that's just like the ubisoft one that they got torn
a new one over yeah interesting this is capcom the new face of capcom they do cool shit and
then they start you know copying games and doing drm schemes it's like who are you capcom
seriously i don't even know you anymore all right well this story has been making a lot
of rounds this week uh this is about you know e3 big expo in june and i've talked a lot
about how this year is definitely going to be either like one of the best shows ever
or one of the worst well it's definitely going to be a different show uh e3 it was announced
this week uh has been declining a lot of media badges a lot of the people that have got in
in years past they're not getting in this year why aren't they getting in because now
e3 is seeing how much traffic you get and they're using websites like compete.com zenu
returns.com is that a Scientology thing oh forget it uh quantcast.com and Alexa they're
using these sites and some of the rejection letters that they're sending to sites go something
like this uh e3 expo 2011 show management has placed caps on this year's media badge
assignments due to the tremendous number of requests for media badges etc etc we require
that sites be fully launched operational for six months and that the website receives a
minimum of 8 000 monthly unique impressions as a baseline for each media badge issued
quantcast.com for example currently has your site listed at approximately 10 000 monthly
uniques for the month of december 2010 based on the above we can approve two media badges
for site that provided this info at this time wait a second for every 8 000 though but they
only have 10 000 that's not 16 000 so i don't maybe they're being nice or maybe maybe they
hit the cap for one and then i don't i don't know so but there's a lot of people out there
that are really upset about this and you know to be honest uh if olr wanted to go we probably
wouldn't be able to under these conditions because i looked up our site on one of these
i think we have like 800 hits or something but that's like really wrong like i don't
know what these sites use to measure maybe you know more about this stuff salacious pop
some of them some of the websites that you do the tracking you actually have to put an
embed code or whatever some sort of code that's in your ridiculous web pages so yeah i mean
come on our podcast gets downloaded more than that exactly plus we're a podcast we don't
i mean we don't have really a website that uh you know caters to i mean you know there's
people that work very hard on our website but mostly the website is a place for our
show to be delivered and occasionally a little story that kind of kicks it back to old school
lr about old school songs or whatever you know so these sites would not measure our
download shows now granted i haven't asked for an e3 pass i haven't you know so i haven't
had an official rejection so it's hard to say i almost wonder if maybe i should register
as broadcast media if i want to go but at the same time like seriously all the other
indie shows i know are getting like told no or they're getting like one batch and i'm
kind of like well if no one's freaking going to e3 this year then fuck it i'll read about
it on the internet you know part of the fun of going e3 is kind of getting to see everybody
it was you know seriously it was fun going to e3 but honestly last year you know i didn't
miss it i mean i watched all the press conferences which it's great i got to watch the press
conferences that's better than going to e3 because i didn't get to watch the press conferences
when i went to you know e3 because i didn't get invited to the press conferences so you
had to watch some streamed and honestly streaming it was great i got to watch that i got all
the coverage i possibly wanted to you know absorb in there didn't have to wait in lines
for games so granted yeah i didn't get to play demos i didn't get to try out the 3ds
and stuff but eh whatever you know i i don't really care there's two ways you can kind
of look at this and one is that you know at the big sites are getting bigger and the small
sites are getting smaller like how are independents and startups supposed to compete if e3 is
not going to let them in because they're not already a big site i mean this is just letting
one up and ign have more quote-unquote exclusives to mix in with the stories they copy from
small sites let's be real where do they get their information they either get granted
exclusives because they're big sites or they scour the internet up and down and get them
from the little sites we know because we've had stories taken from our site and put on
these sites before oftentimes without credit i'm just saying how did they get to be so
big you know because they have all that type of manpower etc etc corporate funding blah
blah blah so on that end it's kind of bullshit but on the other hand i understand why e3
kind of needs to clamp down because there are a lot of people getting in that probably
should be yeah but especially as media okay i was gonna say yeah but there's a lot of
you know like sales associates and stuff like that over you know at retail stores and stuff
like that that are getting in that maybe don't really necessarily need to be there but i
don't know at the same time it's just like but where do you draw the line where do you
draw the line i think if you meet the qualifications of having the business license and everything
like that you've obviously established yourself as a legitimate thing you should at least
get one or two but i understand like if you know joe's podunkgameblog.com tries to get
20 badges i get why that's a problem especially with these stories about people are selling
their badges and everything way to go few bad apples for ruining the barrel for the
rest of us truth be told if you really wanted to go to e3 this goes to anybody if you really
wanted to go to e3 you could still you know how you have to do it you pay 400 and you
just get one of the badges it's not really an advertised thing but you can totally go
on there and they they say like industry or whatever you could say you're a student or
whatever i'm i'm if you're willing to throw four hundred dollars at them they're gonna
let you in why wouldn't they you know what i mean so again despite the traffic our site
gets if i really wanted to go i could pay four hundred dollars and go but and and and
honestly media badges even if you have a media badge yeah and you're not an ign or one up
or something like that right you're just gonna get treated like shit so it's it's it's seriously
it's they're like oh who are you oh no i'm sorry we're not giving you an interview you
you may get a few um you know scheduled meetings with some of the uh i think the largest ones
we got into like uh like sony bethesda or and stuff like that but you know sony online
not so many computer entertainment um but like they really don't give a shit about most
of the press especially unless you're a big site because that's where the traffic is yeah
you won't be invited to the closed door presentation where they're only allowing ten people to
see cooking mama five gladiator acts battle you know so you you don't get those hush hush
meetings by the way there's another problem i have with this um i kind of think it's a
little bit i mean it's the way they're measuring is also kind of the part that peeves me a
little bit because it's really unfair to podcasters and so forth and plus like i said the webs
that website tells you we get 800 hits unique hits i could whip up stats that tell you the
number is much higher like astoundingly higher and look i'm not trying to have an ep conversation
here or what have you i just i have facts to back it up we have the number to get everybody
in this room in e3 if they would take our stats which are i believe more accurately
measured than any of this stuff but you know whatever anyhow so this isn't a me me poor
me because if this is the way it is you know e3 it's a private show they can do what they
want but if nobody's going then at the same time what do we owe e3 i mean these companies
are making announcements at a show in los angeles why should we continue to post about
e3 expo and all this stuff and let it get more google hits and all this other stuff
you know why are we inflating them if they won't help inflate us maybe that's something
the indie folks need to be asking themselves maybe the time during this expo this year
is maybe time we should be highlighting games that are in our boat can't afford a big booth
at this show they can't afford to compete with the big guys maybe this is a week for
the indie shows to celebrate the indie games and maybe maybe that's something we'll have
to consider for this year so uh also i wanted to say this i kind of don't want to spend
400 to go to e3 or whatever whatever it is i mean again to be fair i haven't even tried
yet i haven't got told no yet if none of my friends are going i'm just gonna fucking go
to packs like that's where it's at you know that's where all the gaming people are and
you know packs at this point is you get to see a lot of the same demos that are already
at e3 and it's more of a nerd convention and so forth there you go packs is way more fun
than e3 mm-hmm so i kind of miss what they did like in 2006 i think is what it was during
e3 where it was like hey guess what you know uh we have this awesome demo on the show for
philosophy and guess what it's also on xbox light marketplace go check it out you don't
have to go to e3 you can check out some of the demos that are gonna be on the show floor
right here you know just get a chance to play them that's awesome we will see what develops
in this story because speaking of develops what what's that you know uh i still have
a dev console that still has access to uh a certain net that are partnered with different
uh publishers out there a lot of e3 demos pop up on too i bet we hear more information
on this before the show actually hits because again it's it's uh you go look at some twitter's
out there there's a lot of negative buzz on it right now so i don't think e3 is gonna
like all that negative buzz they don't give a shit because guess what the end of the day
they get their coverage on all the big sites and you know what that's what they don't give
a shit indy blogs might be little but they're loud besides if all the big boys are getting
their stories from the indie blogs anyway at some point they're gonna pick up on this
something to think about they don't care by the way when i say big blogs i don't mean
all of them there are a few really good ones out there but unfortunately you know just
like we're in this boat a few dicks ruin it for everybody all right moving on dark sakura
you got some news for us here that's a little bit happier hopefully definitely happier um
it actually is from snk it's not nintendo related snk arcade classics zero for psp is
uh excuse me i gotta had a radio's biggest nightmare i know right it's supposed to be
released on april twenty first this one is basically they're going to be twenty snk games
that came out before there was neo geo one of them being um uh psycho soldier i could
just tell from the cover because it was the game that athena and kanso came from i love
that game because she sings through the whole thing it's pretty fun anyway so yeah you get
ikari warriors athena psycho soldier p.o.w all kinds of cool games it's going to be really
really neat i love me some old school snk so here's um a list of it looks like most
of the games are all of them maybe we have ikari warriors dougal dougal silken which
is ikari warriors 2 ikari 3 the rescue which is the overseas version athena psycho soldier
sasuke versus the commander tank aso prehistoric island in 1930 bermuda triangle vanguard 2
hal21 marvin's maze gorilla war p.o.w street smart sar search and rescue touchdown fever
gold medalist and super championship baseball the overseas edition cool stuff rob you totally
have to find the music for psycho soldier i'll have to find it later because i'm setting
up for our next segment okay but uh what's your favorite game in that pack because you
you're a neo geo fangirl and why you know i love psycho soldier even though it's actually
really not that great of a game it just makes me laugh because she's singing through the
whole thing it was one of the first arcade games that i'll digitize singing to go on
continuously through the whole game all right such a fun little bad game well that now so
i have to add ikari warriors you know i love ikari warriors that game is so awesome and
it was incredibly glitchy on the nes man making that cartridge dirtier made it more fun it's
like what glitches are gonna happen now all right since it is episode number 400 we thought
we would do something special for you guys we're gonna do a little game here we haven't
done in quite a while but it's time for us to play it and bring back tonight it is time
for video game match game yay the way video game match game works is that we're gonna
get two contestants one via skype and one in the chat room and they are gonna do their
best to match the answers provided by our celebrity panel here in studio most number
of points wins and we actually have a prize to give away tonight so hopefully it doesn't
end in a zero zero we will see all right so we i've already solicited folks in chat they're
typing pick me if they are gonna play so uh and i won't tell you what the prize is until
the very end by the way just so you know uh so we're gonna do do do do do do do do okay
pick a number salacious pop between one and that many okay so let's pop one number what's
the number okay so frisbee is going to be playing from our chat room so frisbee is our
chat contestant hey kermit flail all right so uh we're gonna also get a call on the skype
line right now we'll get our contestant there one eight seven seven game olr is the number
to call i'm putting that in the chat getting our contestants here for the match game we
got four questions tonight all right oh here comes the calls let's see who we got on the
line hi it's orange laundry who's this hey this is kai judo kai judo congratulations
you're gonna play match game tonight you excited yep that's all right awesome great now do
you know how the match game works uh yeah vaguely remember i do remember the game show
oh um it's it's not that familiar with it it's kind of like that we're gonna read some
sentences here we're gonna tell you some stories and there's gonna be a blank in those stories
so uh your job is to fill in the blank and you're gonna want to match as many of our
celebrity panelists and what they say in the blank as possible now keep in mind you are
competing against frisbee in our chat room okay all right all right let's go around and
introduce the celebrity panel uh loki would you mind introducing the celebrity panel here
in studio while i type to our chat room player tonight uh yes uh starting off uh we have
dark sakura hi hi so what brings you here i live here you live here awesome i sleep
in the back room which is true my bedroom is the back room the house next to the vault
all right uh next up uh arcadian 42 hello people of earth and then finally uh well we
have sky sky doesn't know how to run a radio show because he has no mic and obviously when
he talks off mic you can't hear him he says he hates all of you by the way um finally
alan i've got a lovely bunch of coconuts
science obscure match game reference sorry let's get to the match game itself lovely
introductions all right i got frisbee up to speed here so here we go question number one
kai judo you're still there right yep i'm here okay thank god i wouldn't want to lose
a caller here comes question number one now kai judo this is very important don't yell
out the answer just think about it because our folks here in studio have to also come
up with their answers and we will say ding when as we're finishing i will ask you to
fill in the blank when we're ready all right i got you just like the game show you got
it just like the game show you have to write it on a little card you just make believe
all right here we go question number one loki congratulated his co-hosts on a 400th episode
and a job well done he then asked can i finally get paid please robin jamie looked at him
and said well we never said we'd pay you in dollars so here we're paying you in blank
ding well we never said we'd pay you in dollars so here we're paying you in blank um this
is a hard one um i'm gonna say ding all right is everybody in studio ready to go yes let's
see i'm waiting for a answer from frisbee in our chat room now there is a little bit
of a delay but chatters in our chat room at chat.orangelaundry.com you can help our players
out by yelling out some of the answers you think should go with this robin jamie looked
at him and said well we never said we'd pay you in dollars so here we're paying you in
blank all right we have an answer from frisbee kaijuto do you have an answer as well yes
i have an answer all right so here it is we never said we'd pay you in dollars loki so
here we're paying you in kaijuto oh microsoft points microsoft points is kaijuto's answer
microsoft points a very good nerdy answer all right microsoft points frisbee says we're
paying you in big boobs i don't know how you pay someone in boobs but we'll find out elation
bob's doing a little dance to try and demonstrate all right so microsoft points and big boobs
let's go around and see if there is any matches here uh loki we're paying you in porn paying
you in porn does that match with big boobs uh nah judges say no doesn't match dark sakura
we're paying loki in penthouse magazines penthouse magazines and salacious pop we're paying loki
in double downs double downs kfc double downs they're terrible oh man not a match arcadian
we are paying loki in programs for a mac computer programs for a mac computer oh irony also
not a match and my answer was we are paying loki in porn and also not a match so the score
is zero to zero good job so far kaijuto and frisbee all right but that's okay kaijuto
you got three more questions to try and break this tie so you ready for him i'm ready all
right kaijuto that was just a warm-up it's okay all right here we go question number
two jamie was excited to hear that not just final fantasy 4 but snk classics were coming
to the psp too bad her husband dan sold the psp yesterday to buy some blank
not just final fantasy 4 but snk classics are coming to the psp too bad dan sold the
psp yesterday to buy some blank uh ding ding ding slash pop says arcadian thinking waiting
on an answer from frisbee as well this is tough dan dark soccer's husband dan sold the
psp for some all right there you go ding all right we're waiting on an answer from frisbee
in our chat room he's lagging a little bit of course there is that delay trying to look
at uh orange lounge to see paying loki and boom boom dollars nice all right need an answer
hurry up frisbee kaijuto you have an answer i'm hoping right yes i have an answer all
right there we go we got an answer from frisbee here we go all right kaijuto too bad her husband
dan sold the psp yesterday to buy some vending machine panties wait vending machine what
japanese vending machine panties japanese vending machine panties does my husband all
right hey it's his answer all right this is where the audience would be booing you no
i'm kidding it's a good answer but just i don't know for dan all right uh frisbee says
to buy some medication he put quotes medication all right let's see if medication or panties
is a match loki dan sold the psp yesterday to buy some gran turismo racing wheels gran
turismo racing wheels and not a match dark soccer gran turismo driving rig gran turismo
driving rigs and slices pop pinball cabinet polish pinball cabinet polish it's not for
the pinball cabinets though and not a match are needed for that game is extra game accessories
game accessories you don't need that we'll leave that open to interpretation and not
a match and my answer was he sold the psp yesterday to buy some meat which unfortunately
is also not a match because you had meatballs earlier so he had to buy the meat all right
so after two questions the score is zero to zero it's eyeballs oh kaijuto kaijuto kaijuto
all right we'll see though you have a chance to catch up here you go you ready for question
number three ready all right you can do it here we go question number three rob was sad
to hear that he'd need eight thousand listeners to get into e3 this year he wrote an appeal
to the e3 board saying dear e3 give me a media badge i may not have eight thousand listeners
but i sure as hell have eight thousand blank you need eight thousand people to go to e3
this year we may not have eight thousand listeners but i sure as hell have eight thousand blank
ding ding oh that was fast everybody's dinged in real quick there all right kaijuto do you
think you know an answer i'm still waiting on frisbee but are you ready yes all right
let's see uh i'm waiting on frisbee need and i wonder if he's getting help
all right all right here we go there we go all right here we go i may not have eight
thousand listeners kaijuto but i sure as hell have eight thousand you have eight thousand
and wow gold eight thousand and wow gold all right and uh frisbee says i sure as hell have
eight thousand players in my guild both first off you're really wrong but that's okay i like
that they're both wow references all right here we go i sure as hell have eight thousand let's
go to loki i sure as hell have eight thousand inches of epine inches of epine true but not
a match all right dark soccer i sure as hell have eight thousand gallons of propel gallons
of propel taking it back to old school eight thousand gallons of propel uh salacious pop
i sure as hell have eight thousand loyalty stamps to pink berry loyalty stamps to pink
berry i'm close to that oh still no matches arcadian 42 i sure as hell have eight thousand
rage points rage points what's a rage point i don't know i'm not the angry one he is he's
the bar on arcadian i'm not angry oh my turn uh i sure as hell have eight thousand gold i said
gold and i meant warcraft that's a match kaizhudo is on the board one point kaizhudo matches on
eight thousand gold there it is so it is tied up one zip i'm no that's not a tie what am i
this is why i'm not a game show host it is not tied up anymore i'm just so used to these things
ending in a draw it is now kaizhudo pulling ahead one to nothing kaizhudo there is still one more
question to go you have to maintain your lead frisbee this is your chance to catch up you ready
all right here we go frisbee here we go kaizhudo last question the listeners of olr sat in the chat
room skipping the super bowl to listen to olr's 400th episode they all agreed that the show was
going fine but that a landmark show such as this was in desperate need of more blank
it is the landmark 400th episode and everyone agrees that the show is going fine
but this show is in desperate need of more blank ding ding all right arkimia says ding
kaizhudo's thinking frisbee's thinking
all right let's see all right i gotta i gotta get him frisbee again need and answer
a landmark show such as this was in desperate need of more all right there we go kaizhudo
here it is keep that lead up buddy a landmark show such as this is in desperate need of more
president cat president cat all right a little olr reference like that is that the full name
of the game uh close enough all right and frisbee says it's it's suki bon so chow reno we but that's
fine president cat is fine all right uh frisbee says this show is in desperate need of more
food all right let's see we're now going to go around and see if anyone said president cat or
food so the 400th episode is in desperate need of loki i don't agree with it but i i thought that
they would say um loki and tingle costume loki and a tingle costume as much as he disagrees
true answer but unfortunately not a match dark soccer the show is in desperate need of more
meatballs meatballs is that a match with food that's a match with food all right ding ding
ding ding that's a match with food one one all right salacious pop the show is in desperate need
of shermy commentary in the form of poops shermy commentary in the form of poop she might have
poops in the kitchen i can go check all right arcadian 42 the show is in desperate need of more
tecmo bowl the only football that matters to us tecmo bowl the only food that matters to us
excellent answer sir you sir just won the match game super high impact all right and my answer
was a landmark show such as this was in desperate need of more tits uh unfortunately not a match
i got plenty of that all right so it is always got six of them it is all tied up at the end
one to one so i guess you're gonna have to both win so luckily i'm saying that i luckily i'm
supposed to be getting several of these at the end of the week so um hopefully i'll have at least two
so i'll let you otherwise you're gonna have to fight over the one we'll have to do a follow-up
next week or something but uh kai judo are you a fan of dragon age yes i am uh i got some codes
for a sneak peek at the dragon age 2 demo that comes out on friday you have to have a code to get
in so you're getting one of those codes oh thanks congrats try not to sound too excited all right
that sounded happy to me all right so dragon dragon age 2 preview code coming your way sadly
it's not the full game but it's this exclusive demo that we're getting hooked up with so check
that out uh and frisbee will send you one too because you tried very hard so also kai judo
since you're on the line anything you want to plug tonight while you're here uh just uh played
little big planet 2 if you ever wanted to develop your own games and you got lost with uh uh
game maker aid or rpg maker is just a little too confusing for you then pick up big planet 2 and
you'll be able to make the games that you've always wanted to play all right play golden
eyes horse i keep pumping that game you guys need to try that i will put it on my list right after
i finish up with the dragon h2 demo all right uh kai judo uh i need you to send an email to mailbag
at orange launch radio.com right away okay so i have your email got it all right do it right now
mailbag at orange.com all right thank you all right later all right you're welcome all right
congrats chai judo and congrats frisbee we're going to open up the skype line for more calls a little
later on tonight but don't call in right now we're going to uh get to some more news stories
we're not quite ready for the uh uh rest of the calls just yet so let's go to another news story
from loki hope you guys enjoyed match game yes uh thq is talking a little bit about their sales of
the udraw tablet their peripheral that kind of resembles something that you might see with mario
paint um they've sold 1.2 million udraw units in the third quarter um of their fiscal year of
course and of course they want more udraw games uh they're actually looking to kind of change up
their business strategy a bit trying to step away from some of the kids and um i guess uh movie
cartoon based stuff that they have coming out um thq does a lot they have like nintendo license
so they do a lot of spongebob and um you know crap at nicktoons and all sorts of stuff that
comes out with that um which would be good because i don't like selling it each year
have you ever made anything that's been really good for for everyone the you don't know jack
the you don't know jack game for everyone right yeah it is them but but uh i mean saints row red
faction a lot of the you know volition stuff you know through them is pretty cool ufc i mean people
like ufc so they do have the mature stuff but like as far as casual family stuff yeah i just remember
like back in the day like 15 years 10 15 years ago they were putting all these crap games that
no one no one seemed to like like like like some what was that movie like home alone like some
sort of home alone oh god it was terrible yeah the games were not fun all right well uh those
udraws seem to be doing pretty well i mean i see them all over now yeah they do they're doing
pretty well and uh be nice when there's more software out there if they did like a mario
paint game that used to udraw that pretty awesome do you think uh it might be something nintendo
tries to show off at the big big expo later this year i think it would be nice i don't know if
that's actually going to be the case all right well this is pretty cool i like this uh castle
crashers you know this game's kind of old at this point but a lot of people are still loving it and
what better to kind of reinvigorate the game a little bit than adding a new character and what
better to add a new character than to add a new character for charity that's right there is a
brand new pink knight available in castle crashers there is a pink knight uh the pink knight comes
with a lollipop and pink armor and joins the red blue yellow and green knights in the adventures
uh you do have to buy the pink knight if you want it in castle crashers it's in the playstation
network version and it's gonna cost you a dollar 99 to get the character now before you get all
po that you're gonna have to buy this character it is going towards a good cause uh the money
that they raise from this character will be donated to charities devoted to breast cancer
research and that is according to the behemoth because obviously february is breast cancer
awareness month and you see a lot of pink ribbons that people wear so what better than a pink knight
i like this this is good news for gaming this is a great story so uh check this out even if you uh
you know just on principle check it out i know and the pink knight gets a lollipop
yeah awesome uh by the way the pink knight will be coming to xbox live arcade just hasn't happened
just yet but it will happen hopefully this month so check that out i think that's a great cause
good story all right this is the part of the show where we're going to open up the mailbag and we're
going to dive in head first to the mailbag dark soccer is going to pull out a few emails and read
them for us live on air just make sure she doesn't read the two guys that just sent me their emails
addresses well we don't have them yet oh so first email now my voice decides to go out hi olr i just
wanted to pop you guys a message to wish you congratulations on reaching episode 400 it's
difficult enough just to listen to or watch 400 episodes of something here you guys have
successfully put forward the dedication and drive to broadcast that many truly an awesome achievement
i only regret that i haven't listened to more olr than i have lately and tonight i've been hard at
work on snake 361 the sequel is snake 360 in fact i'm working on it as you read this and can't wait
to show you guys what i've done with it but enough about that for now i also do need to congratulate
him on his fantastic grammar i i just say i love the name snake 361 as a title and it's very clever
i want to hey if you can't listen to all uh 400 episodes of olr i don't have time to play 359
other snake games okay one of my favorite things about olr something you all say along every gamer
has a voice anyone can post on the internet but with olr this is true in both a figurative and
literal sense colin's are frequent fun and memorable when is a chat room not just a chat room
when it's a conversation with a great community of gamers and when it can steer the show at any
moment in any way imaginable it transforms olr into more than the sum of its parts into something
unique enough that the 400th episode feels just as fresh as the fourth episode which i wasn't here
for that's true no i think no i was here for the fourth episode you came back for the fourth you
were gone like the second that was the harry potter closet yes anyhow okay memories was that
the mel episode did he come out he came out pretty early on yes it's a great time every time and i've
enjoyed every minute that i've spent with olr thanks jamie matt and rob for being awesome enough
to bring us orange on radio and also if you've ever participated in chat or called into the show
thank you as well for helping to make the show what it is you'll be hearing from me again soon
and hopefully i'll see many of you at packs east 2011 stop by my booth and say hello still awaiting
the budget for golden girls death squad erin yyr i don't know if he wants us to say his last name
you know they do have those uh was it crowd sourcing websites now that's true i have to
look into that we reported on that last week that's awesome thank you for the uh well wishes
appreciate it and best of luck with snake 361 and you better come on the show and plug it yes
next email greetings olr congratulations on reaching your quadricentennial episode
i've been listening to your show on and off for years now and every time i come back it's
like returning to old friends oh yeah we're getting old maybe you i still look gorgeous
you guys always bitch yeah so no you guys always manage to brighten up a dull bus ride in the
morning oh i'm glad i'm good for something i'm never able to listen live due to the different
due to the time difference i'm in the uk and i doubt tonight will be any different but i hope
it's a fun show and i'll be looking forward to it in the podcast feed hope you lot are around
for many more shows to come catastrophic moggy thank you very much i like the name that's very
clever hey dj ron mas here i tried to round up the staff to wish you guys happy 400 but we had
a slight problem so here enjoy it's an mp3 that means i have to go in the mailbag and pull that
up don't yes you do all right we'll come back to that i'm gonna pull that up right now
all right congratulations on your 400th episode as a long time listener and a first time writer
i thought i would share one of my favorite memories from listening to olr although i
cannot pinpoint when exactly i started listening sometime in 2006 my favorite memories include a
wonderful discussion about uno on xbox live as the words draw for bitch have graced every game
i have played ever since keep up the amazing word i remember that i remember saying because it was
on xbox live and it was like hardcore uno drop for bitch that's from defective candy love it
okay all right let's uh let's rewind real quick to rama's email here's the mp3
she can't get a signal or anything like that i sent her texts and hell i've gotten on the
roof of my house instead of smokes you've got man i was just about to say that's what that
little beeping on your computer is yeah let's check it out and see what it is
hey rama hey kuro it's sailor flare listen i would be with you guys right now but there are some
rabid angry fanboys and they are attacking the studio and i need to do my part to ward them off
um i didn't think it was possible for fanboys to find studios that's um
i think we need to find a new location i don't even want to remember this happened
that makes two of us so orange launch radio happy 400 we gotta find you real estate now
all right see you later congratulations congratulations love you guys
that was nice that was so nice only you guys could gay up this show more than i can with
a sailor moon reference we have two more emails and by the way thanks guys this comes from mike
it's subject 3ds i was extremely happy to hear the final fantasy 4 might be getting a re-release
on the 3ds it would be the main reason to get a 3ds for me it has always been a three-way tie
for me between seven six and four for my favorite final fantasy every console i have bought was to
play a final fantasy playstation for seven ps2 for 10 and a ps3 for 13 i just hope that squeenix
will finally will fix the shitstorm known as 14 i played it and it has potential just not in its
current form the story is just as awesome as 11 but everything else is what it holds back
it might have been adequate pre-wow but now it's either clone well or don't even try thanks for
reading and making me laugh until i puke when the podcast is updated um you're welcome um whatever
you do don't you don't have to share pictures of that please uh yeah you know what though as far
as like all the mmos have to copy wow not necessarily dc universe seems to be doing okay
and uh it's very different than wow just so you know so there you go oh and kaijuto yes
you got the right email okay last one all right this is from robaba i got the following note from
psn this week why do i keep thinking of dead or alive on pause sports illustrated 3d coming soon
visit the video store now for an exclusive sneak peek at the 3d sports illustrated swimsuit issues
featuring the hottest models from around the world offer available to us residents only i'm glad we're
making such great use of that 3d technology like you know first it's nature scene scenes and you
know monkeys in their natural habitat and then uh next week sports illustrated swimsuit issue 3d
the internet is for porn all right uh and no more emails no more emails thank you everyone for the
kind words you are amazing awesome rhythic you know we would have made it 400 episodes if it
wasn't for the cult of you guys that shows up every sunday night and of course that is extended
to our podcast we know we have folks in other time zones and so forth that just can't tune in
live or they have you know religious obligations or whatever where they can't tune in every sunday
night so uh really appreciate you guys kind of making up our extended family here at olr and
you know what else can i say you guys kind of keep us motivated all all those days where i'm
like you know i could be doing something else on sunday nights i have i haven't been to i haven't
been goth dancing in 10 years because of olr i could go goth dancing again if i'd quit olr but
then i get some email it's just awesome you know and and it's like oh yeah that's why that's why
we do olr and to watch loki play gal gun that's the other reason i do olr all right even though
we are all sunshiny happy rainbowy and uh you know fluffy kittens it just wouldn't be olr if
there wasn't a little bit of angst in the form of the fus of the week
so
i really didn't have an fu until uh tonight um i f you and this is gonna
f you to political correctness i said it f you to people getting offended over shit
that has nothing to do with them
all right moving on loki you're a few of the week f you not being able to read japanese so
i hit replay level instead of continue i i just don't understand that i don't want to play this
level again my a few of the week goes to the fact that this weekend just flew by like yesterday i
m at work it feels like and now it's all i gotta do it all again tomorrow so whatever at least i
like my job so you know but it's just uh i missed the weekend slaysh is actually good arcadian
because he has a mic do you have an f you this week arcadian uh fuck you to my uh ipod and or
itunes it makes fun every so often it wants to make my ipod forget it has anything on it and
have to restore it just done it like three times piece of shit and then fuck you kind of nostalgia
because i don't have time to go back and play this the games i feel like playing go ahead because i
was looking at like my actually putting together a new road mix because i lost it with my new
computer so putting it together and her old songs from games that i want to go back and play
anime to watch and shit like that that i have no time for and salacious pop sort of a boring
answer but just f you to the economy hey i think a lot of people are with you there all right
there it is the f us of the week let's move on to just a couple more stories for you guys and then
the skype line which is going to be interesting tonight all right we'll we'll do the skype line
as long as we can tonight uh we might have to put a time limit on calls tonight just so you know
because if the match game was any indication we got a lot of people wanted to call in tonight
so we might have to do a little time limit all right uh loki if you uh sorry not if you news
story uh the movie site first showing is reporting that there's a zombies ate my neighbors film in
development yay apparently based on the uh old 16-bit game which i forgot is actually uh developed
by lucasarts that would be awesome if lucas starts to put that out that game was great they said uh
there needs to be trampoline levels it's a flick being described as a horror comedy more
specifically john hughs meets judd apatow meets george a romero honestly i think it'd be an
excellent movie the whole thing was a parody on kind of the horror genre anyways and it was
absolutely ridiculous with like 50-foot tall babies and zombies and werewolves and i think
there were aliens in there as well that's the game that i should have played but just missed
completely and i still have no idea why but i definitely remember the hype around it it's on
virtual console it's awesome i don't have a way but wait did you just pimp nintendo's virtual
console i think you did well they put out some games they just stopped now i i think they
just stopped now i i had to call you on it i'm sorry well fine download the rom fuck paying them
money there you go now there's the low-key answer i was looking for i think you can make a cool
movie i think you know if they kind of don't try to keep it as the video game i think the name has
enough recognition just keep the story don't you don't even bother you know i think there's enough
people that just would have no idea there was even a game that exists that would go see the movie and
then you would get the game again because it would tie into the movie but of course movie tie-in
games always suck and here's the thing though about it though is you don't even need to like
have game times because the whole thing is just basically a spoof of like the horror genre
it's basically it's like monster squad actually a little bit because it's all the the shit horrible
things that can happen in like uh horror movies all happening at once there's zombies attacking
there's evil dolls there's werewolves there's giant babies there's i think there were giant
ants and stuff like uh all sorts of crazy shit going down all at once that's what you need
well it seems like the theme of it was all of the um all of the really awful horror movies that
came out in the 50s that were all kind of metaphors for communism the giant ants and
whatever yeah exactly yeah right all right i played through that whole game that had like
i think there was like over 100 levels in the game it was ridiculous
all right one more story for you guys and it's about the battles or at least one of them ringo
star one of the ones that still left and still kicking uh ringo star hi i apparently has um
registered a trademark that indicates that his name has been trademarked ringo his name has
been trademarked for downloadable computer games via the internet and wireless devices
toys namely toy vehicles plush toys pet toys and skateboards so i have no idea if ringo is going
to start getting into skateboarding daddy i want the ringo vehicle i which seems a little odd to
me like i would understand if there was like a ringo music game or something coming like a
drumming on your ipad type of thing but uh skateboards and pet toys clearly he's trying
to protect the name from something that's what this strikes me as is that you know ringo could
kind of be like uh i don't know like a new ring toss game or something i don't know roll with me
here it could be some new game and maybe he doesn't want to lose that you know on his name
so maybe that's why he trades market but then again are you allowed to trademark something
if you don't have a plan to use it i guess so there's a lot of squatters and so forth
by the way of course the attorney has been asked on why ringo star trademarked the name
and no comment no comment the last time ringo was heard in a video game news story it was uh with
the beatles rock band he was talking to jimmy fallon about it and said the graphics are great
i love the game i love the music but it's for young folk his 15th studio album came out last
year called why not why not make a video game why not ringo skateboards sure why not there you go
would you buy a ringo skateboard slices pop if i didn't have the self-esteem to buy the the tony
hawk one then yes got it and got to keep you know keep the bar low sometimes all right well of course
there's the folks in chat room that are coming up with all these ringo games dark to see it says
ringo stars pro skater uh frisbee says ringo stars rate wasteland frisbee ringo star underground sga
100 matt is bringing up that sarah palin followed a copyright on filed a copyright on her name
does that mean they can keep making the nail in palin or is that uh illegal now the the palin
porns have you seen these sailor sarah palin like re rejuvenated the porn industry did you know that
well there's that one actress that looks exactly like her that's like yes this is my moment
not tina faye but she she could do this nail in palin and then just roll right over
and do the 30 rock porn well they make those really awful deer hunter games for pc that are
like 999 brand new they always come out with a new version she should just license that
except it'll be moose hunter sarah palin's moose hunter available hunter yeah but that
wouldn't have to be a helicopter game dungeon buster in our chat room is suggesting ringo
ate my neighbors that's a possible video game all right skype line is open orange launch radio on
skype or our skype line phone number 1877 game olr please don't be offended if we move through your
calls quickly tonight because i think there's a lot of people that want to get in so uh loki
while we wait for the calls coming because there is about a minute and a half delay between time
we say something in the time folks hear it as it encodes through the interwebs look do you have any
quick last minute stories for us tonight um yeah let's see other than uh we talked a little bit
about how linux is making its return to 3.41 uh you can also get linux via the custom firmware
3.55 it's a asbestos it's not quite as awesome as the uber linux that's on 3.41 but uh you know
bakers can't be choosers i guess um let's see other fun stuff we can talk about here
um let's see we talked again the phone number is 1877 game olr g-a-m-e-o-l-r or our username on
skype is orange launch radio and the phones are starting to light up let's get to them
hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hi this is red the haze from houston texas
red the haze congrats you're the first one to get through tonight what's on your mind buddy
yeah i'd like to greet you uh happy chinese new year if you didn't notice it's this weekend oh
that's right i totally it it slipped my mind you know i i had an ex who was chinese and it was kind
of uh you know it was it was didn't go so well so i've i've had i have had to block a lot of
that out of my mind no it's okay you know it's just you know somebody was talking about mandarin
today and i was like so cool so cool no i'm just kidding uh no i appreciate it what is what is this
year is this the year of the rabbit that we're moving into um i i'm not really sure yeah i think
so i don't know anymore because i don't play final fantasy 11 so i don't know what critters are
running around i have to go kill stop it i'm not chinese i was in the club last night where they
had lion dancers there line dancing yeah line dancing like dragon dancing you know but it was
in a oh i was kind of weird i was thinking because you said you were from eastern texas maybe they
do the whole like you know country line dancing the whole like electric side and all that stuff
yee-haw no we got a lot of asians down here so okay that's all right we live in northern
california it's the same same story here all right so uh what what's what else is on your
mind tonight buddy uh yeah um regarding to the super bowl i was uh talking to my girlfriend who
works for a canadian uh web i don't know canadian sorry cable provider and she's been getting a lot
of calls about the super bowl up there and it seems a lot of people are people from canada
complaining that they're not getting the u.s commercials weird now you got to tread lightly
with super bowl chat around here because uh that is our competition tonight for our landmark episode
but canada getting ripped off canada getting the big shaft well now that's interesting to me
so why would canada because you know what did canada do to deserve big chefs interesting i do
why did canada what did canada do to deserve that they just sit up there and they're all peaceful
making maple you know their free health care yes exactly they're hurting no one if doritos
spent 30 million dollars on a commercial they should see it exactly it's that popular these
days come on well maybe maybe something's going on where the canadian broadcaster wanted to sell
their own damn commercials i mean can't your canadian friends just go on youtube and see
the same shit i mean that's how i watch stupid bull commercials yeah that's what they've been
instructed to tell them just go on the internet uh if this is duh it just comes off as the internet
exists for that kind of thing you know also for corn well now here's my question was betty white
in any of the commercials this year i i know i don't know well i was watching i was playing
dead space and listening to you guys there you go he redeemed himself he said i wasn't watching the
super bowl forget it i hear that's the only thing i want to know if betty white wasn't in any of the
commercials who cares that's the only thing we're seeing that was the only thing that made last
year's silly bowl uh of great was the betty white snickers commercial so there you go all right uh
go ahead i'd like to congratulate you guys on a 400 episode i've been a long time listener first
time caller my favorite line yes excellent well thank you so much for calling the show really
appreciate it quickly what video game oh you already said dead space what other video games
you've been playing this week um mag i don't want it i don't want to trash talk about it i play with
people regularly on it i've spent 700 300 hours on it oh my gosh there's a mag two on the way isn't
there uh no we're making the we're playing on the ps3 we're gonna jump to home front which sounds
like a better deal considering that the multiple areas has better incentives all right it's not
call duty i'll have to keep an eye out for that all right in the meantime i gotta get to other
calls but thank you so much for the call congrats on getting through first on your first call that's
quite an accomplishment all right take care buddy thanks sg100 matt in our chat room is confirming
betty white was in one of the commercials so now i need to know who won the volleyballs by what
score should i ask i don't i the the i think the green people the cheeseheads this yes i think the
cheesy people won by like three points or something okay yes do you do you have bets going on the
super bowl or something all right one eight seven seven game olr or our username on skype is orange
launch for your watch i totally probably got that wrong and everybody in chat's gonna be like rob
you're so dumb all right one eight seven seven game olr or our username on skype is orange lounge
radio ssj100 matt says the nfl network commercial with the different tv shows wait a minute does
that count showing like a two i i think showing a two-second clip of hot in cleveland might not
count although i will say that show is pretty fucking funny but meanwhile we have another show
on the line or another show another call on the line hi you're on orange lingerie who's this
oh my god rob rob is from i have a bone to pick with you right now okay what do you get off saying
that we gave up the show no no you have no right to do that don't make me get nasty up in here
because i will girlfriend i will oh no you didn't you're not helping yes i did you did not call into
this show yes i did don't don't don't make me because i got my hack right here yo we will bring
it sister i will pull that weave i will pull that weave right on out your head i'll rip that
pulse i'm freaking it already is all right i'm not their earrings oh girl
you have to yes i do yes i do hold my earrings right hold my earrings that's what's going to be
like you you have to admit the sailor moon thing a little bit a little bit gay and i can say that
so all right did you just call in to pick a fight with me no i did not call to pick a fight with you
i did not call it but you you left the opportunity it was too good i couldn't resist gotcha oh man
okay now i remember why i wanted to call yes all right you ever play rpgs and you name and you
give the characters names i tend to name them at the various anime characters and so forth
not me what are the craziest names you've given the characters my final fantasy one party was
probably um fuck fart poop and ass speaking of finance you only get four lanes through um the
four heroes of light he made the main hero dipshit and named the princess gonorrhea he's at the scene
where the king tells him dipshit go find my gonorrhea right now i do that immature shit
all the time it's great my character like the most amazing game i can think of uh was uh white
knight chronicles that i've been playing and uh i made i made a character named sassy and she's like
a black chick with flowing hair and she's very fierce she's very pangaroo you know what i found
my derby owner's club because remember he had one named um uh paula terry and i had one called
horse poop and we had a kiriyamaoka but i mean we've named our horses interesting things i had
a horse named glue yeah i think i think oregon trail is the first game of people of this generation
that really were able to do that with the names but in final fantasy 7 if you give eris or erith
in particular the most raunchiest name you could think of lols for days you will get your money's
worth it seems like the trend is like you get the lols of off of any of the final fantasy games like
my roommate played tactics i don't know what the character's name was i think it was head one of
the scenes where where the guards like you will give us head now what what and what possessed
this question i don't know i'm just we're just watching we're watching tv you know and my
roommates tell me he's playing the game and he's showing me this i'm like i wonder if the cat
i wonder if the olr peeps have ever done this i'll just throw something out there for good
conversation no it's all good you yeah you'll have to excuse me i'm tearing up a little bit because
flaming clint just died
okay i cheered it's really tragic because i was i used flaming clint as my healer in the party and
i can't believe that seperoth just went and stabbed flaming clint right through the abdomen
it's just wrong right in the middle it's just wrong flaming clint i love you
are you happy now man you're wrong funny but wrong
anything else you want to share with the listeners tonight rama not necessarily oh um
sakura chan what hi joe vidya says hi hi happy birthday joe vidya happy birthday
old son joe be a medical she heard all right we gotta get some more calls rama have a good one
buddy all right one eight seven seven game olr or a username on skype is orange lounge radio if you
want to give us a call skyline is open right now look what happens on calls like look like this is
every gamer has a voice and sometimes that voice takes us right to the crapper did you did you hear
my uh crying in the other room oh yes you did you don't have family over do you oh good the kids
aren't visiting today oh just jamie oh well screw her all right well he can't do that right now
because we're doing the show sorry i love our chatters brad from prod culture in chat just said
so he pierced flaming clip but a bunch oh god i love the listeners
black wolf and chat saw i'll let someone else follow up that call let's see who that's gonna
be hi you're on orange laws radio who's this hi it's marissa hi marissa welcome to the program
what's on your mind how are you guys doing it sounds like fun over there i'm i'm good
and butt sex battle fantasy i had an emotional moment a minute ago but i'm all better uh
i just i figured out seriously rob was shaking and crying i know i did i i just figured out how
to unlock the safe and get smelly dump to join my party so i'm okay now you mentioned orange
uh you mentioned uh oregon trailer earlier you have to join my trail that just sounds kind of
dirty it's how do you join my party so you can die a dysentery it's a facebook game now i actually
tried the game on facebook this week and it's it's it's weird it's it's not what i remember it's so
different it's you know and it's trying to get like your invite your friends and it is exactly
what i thought you can name your party members after facebook friends and then spam their walls
when they die of dysentery and so forth so yeah all they're trying to do is milk uh you know that
facebook point system because basically to survive the game you have to give them actual money
i don't have anything of an important relevance to say other than typing jokes and boo references
right now but i want to wish you a happy 400 and i'm so excited your show uh makes my week and um
you two have to come down here soon i i really do you know i had to take i need to come stay with
you on the 13th i may have a week off in june suddenly where i'm doing nothing and i had planned
to come to la so what an invitation it is yeah i don't have shit to do i guess i'll see you
you uh this news bulletin just in e3 has been moved into marissa's pants yay yay it's a party
oh and by the way marissa i'm very sorry to do this to you uh hello what is this what are you
doing why are you gonna warn me before you hurt me take that vuvuzilla by request of the chat room
what is that i didn't it's her stupid vuvuzilla app on the iphone that i hate and whoever made
that thank you ssd100 matt all right well marissa i hope she's not to play the melodica for me
sometime she's been practicing melodica i love it i'll play it on the show i i hope that you
need to learn how to play erith's theme on the melodica so i can cry um but uh marissa i hope
you're able to come up to the show and bring uh you know your assets your big voluptuous brain
of course i mean back to the show and congrats and uh yeah and may there be 400 more thank you
we'll try we'll be old but we'll try marissa have a wonderful night thanks for calling thank you
to chat soon bye ciao there i played my melodica i have wanted a melodica forever and marissa got
me a melodica and i love it to death can you play chopsticks um okay wait she's gonna try and play
chopsticks here we go it's come on you can do it i don't remember how to play this i'm throwing up
the horns up the horns you know you need to go to rock you know what you need to write the new
olr theme song on the melodica all right now you need now you need to put that thing away no put it
dark soccer put it away jamie put it away i was trying to play fantasy stuff butterfly
dum dum ra ram any of the bromani classics yeah can you do dum dum all right look we got another
call hi you're on orange launch radio who's this you guys are old i don't know if i should be
talking to you hi bobby how are you my friend i i'm doing good y'all i'm only 278 y'all are 400
it's like i know that's the hill where where we fell off the earth actually we're that far past
the hill i don't know i don't know what to tell you and you notice how i i was like i was gonna
call in next and then ron mccalled and so i let somebody else go in between because i know i can't
follow that up uh-huh uh-huh well rama always brings a certain something special to the show
i don't know uh what else to say but i will say i also own a melodica do you oh god yes
well now we might have this whole week we need a duet we're gonna have this week off in june
where we're not doing anything so maybe we need to have melodica con i i used to i used to know
how to play um the uh the whole opera thing from final fantasy 6 that's what i was trying to
remember how to play except it's in a bizarre key so i was like i don't remember well what what's
funny with the melodica which is i had no clue that we were going to go in this direction but
if you go to any of the events that the game audio network guild goes to they all have melodicas
instead of they'll have like maybe like one drum person it's like a drum circle but they all have
melodicas i love and they're all just doing like improv with their melodicas i i love them i got
a 32 keys i think of soprano melodica from um marissa who has been with me when i've gone to
several music stores looking for melodicas so you know what's next on the list an auto harp
or theremin i was gonna say we need to get there i mean i thought you wanted a theremin i do want
a theremin but i can afford another i know that bobby is one of the biggest band nerds i know
but i don't think he called in to talk about melodicas tonight what's on your mind bobby
i was i just i got home from from where i went tonight and uh you know wanted to wish you guys
happy 400 because i didn't create any audio like i said i would because i'm a bad person
that's i forgot to do audio for the last fng so it's all good so well they thank you so much for
the call and of course a big thank you bobby you know um this show almost died a few years
ago actually and uh when live 365 kind of uh kind of made it impossible for us to keep continuing to
do a radio station with kind of the new unrealistic rates that they were going to charge for our
audience and uh you were obviously really the the person i mean other folks might try to take credit
for it but you were the guy that brought us to all games radio a couple years before and helped kind
of facilitate uh us coming on in a more you know kind of permanent way where our live show is now
kind of exclusively here so for that we and the rest of the olr listeners really thank you for
helping this show reach 400 because otherwise it probably would have ended around 278 so
you're welcome and and you guys are keeping me on because all your listeners tune in early
to me and so i can use that as my numbers even though they're not really listening to me
yeah so it's awesome it works both ways well bobby i hate to say it but sadly we don't even
have 8 000 people tuning in so i don't know what you're gonna do or what i'm gonna i haven't gotten
my rejection letter yet you're waiting bobby i'm prepared bobby yes we are your fan club
we are your fan club it's it's not an e3 without bobby either it's just in you know i i can really
mean that because dude's gone to like what the last what 15 in a row or something like that
this would be my 15th this would be your 15th yes and they are going to say no to this man possibly
because yeah we don't know yet we see the way like i got the optimistic reading of the emails
that if you have below eight thousand that's still one right it's over eight thousand to get the second
one but those are all blogs and stuff and i wonder because they do note make the distinction in the
application form of podcast oh interesting so you know it wasn't like i said i'm an online writer i
said i'm online i do podcasts and i said here's where i've been here's how long i've been doing
it here's here's me on e3 coverage.com here's me at all games here's me at bobbyblackwolf.com
so maybe it's a different rule set for me because no but i could get 8 000 people to listen and you
could get 8 000 people to listen but they're not going to orangelandradio.com exactly and and
hopefully most of our audience is smart enough not to have spyware toolbars installed on their
computer exactly it is a little bit the way they're measuring it is kind of janky but you
know again and we said this earlier and i know you were at your party so you probably didn't hear
this but you know it's it's mostly a case of a few bad apples ruining the barrel you know and i see
why e3 feels like they need to take this step but it's just kind of like the wrong step like you
should have gone left instead of right you know what i mean well i mean i'm already told i'm not
allowed at gdc anymore too so it's like e3 was really all i had left other than packs
because gdc took this step two years ago i did there there there is neatness i'd like getting
to hang with the developers and get to see some of this stuff you know when i've played warhammer
online for the first time i was getting to talk to developers and stuff it was kind of cool but
you know so but you know if if somebody's really serious about getting into e3 in terms of if they
get rejected by the press pass there's still a way in it's just going to cost you a little bit
of money that's right four hundred dollars yeah but you can get in and if you already have contacts
when you with the industry you can still get you know you can still get appointments and all that
stuff i mean like you guys didn't even have appointments so you could with an exhibits only
badge you really could have done the exact same thing you did last year you didn't need a press
badge well now we have bobby i'll tell you this i'll tell you this even with my exhibits only i
got into press events yeah yeah as long as you they know you it doesn't matter what your badge
says all i had to do was flash them a card that says i do this podcast and they're like we want
you exactly it was so i think it'll be fine if you really really want to go and yes i really
really want to go um you know thankfully i got a refund from my taxes so if i do get the dear
john letter it's not going to be the end of the world well keep me posted because i sure as hell
ain't going if bobby ain't going because now i i would not have my usual travel buddy to go with
so i don't know what's gonna well i'm planning on going because i'm just gonna write them and say
hey i have a new last name send me my card what i've got my ddr freak stuff oh yeah you might be
able to do with that so yeah so i mean i didn't get mine the other year and i think it's because
of my name change interesting so and besides i want to go to anaheim yes he wants to go to the
place that we always talk about all right well bobby i gotta let you go to sweden squeeze some
more calls in but we'll see you we'll uh see you next week as we do every week so have a good one
buddy you too later well we let bobby go a little long but that's okay because you know what he
always has us on his show every week and helps promote us and i know as much as he thinks it's
us promoting him it does work both ways so he can take a little more time all right 877 game olr is
our phone number or orange lounge radio is our username on skype you can give us a call we got
time for a couple more calls right we're not we're not done yet we don't have the fight out of us yet
maybe one more call actually i'm looking at the time this is starting to go on two hours by the
time we finish so i need to make an announcement yeah what my mom is amazing really yes well she
had you oh hers is the womb that bore me that's right uh so we are waiting for the uh delay to
catch up do we have any other last minute stories real quick i forgot to ask earlier or maybe i did
and i just um mtv games to shut down oh yeah i heard about that sucks to be them all right we'll
get a little spine the huffington post let's get at least one more call in here hi you're on orange
lounge radio who's this hi uh this is spazinator spazinator what's on your mind my friend um you
know well you know two really quick hits um i want to keep it short and sweet just in case you
want to get one less call excuse me um just want to congratulate you on 400 shows and hope you
have play plan more shows to come in the following years and um other than that just uh want to point
out to those that have uh playstation network encounters more free wheels on their usual spot so
nothing overly exciting but hey they're there to in the free so hey i like free stuff and as uh
as salacious pop said earlier fu to the economy free stuff is always appreciated right yes so oh
yeah all right well that's uh that's pretty much it's uh and uh thanks for playing the show it's
really great show thank you you guys help make it up it's your show too well thank you spazinator
have a good one buddy sure bye-bye you know i i i like that he kind of calls in and says what's
free on playstation because i i don't have time to follow all of it so you know it's where every
gamer has a voice and some voices need to know of all the free stuff why not let's do another call
he kept it so short let's do another call 1877 game olr our username on skype is orange lounge
radio give us a call all right i'm trying to type in chat so that they know and i spelled guess
wrong so i was trying to type with a microphone you need my well the microphone's too big to
type with rob i think after 400 episodes i could have some mic stands there's something
all right let's get to another call we got the phone sliding up here hi on orange launch radio
who's this oh dropped off there bummer let's let's try again here hi you're on orange launch radio
who's this hey this is brad from pod culture hey brad what's on your mind buddy oh just calling
to say uh congratulations on 400 episodes guys thank you so much i remember when you were
starting your show and you're up there to like 250 or something now almost i'm pushing that
pushing that uh just released 243 this week and got a few more coming nice by the way i
heard the shout out for horde house on like 240 i think it was so thanks for that well no problem
you know uh glenn's a big wild nut so uh it's natural we talk about it a little bit nice i
have no idea what the hell he's saying half the time nice so um well what what kind of games have
you been playing this week any uh video games in your world uh well i can't rag on you about wow
too much because it's been dc universe for me well what what uh how high are you in dc universe now
are you like level 30 or whatever the cap is yet uh 23 24 something like that you're getting there
you play a hero or a villain uh hero right now hero right now and who's your mentor
uh wonder woman oh yeah mine was wonder woman too all right because she's awesome what do you
do what do you think of that whole wonder woman pilot that i guess is being sold to nbc this is
the kind of thing you talk about in your show right what do you think about the wonder woman
pilot uh well i'm interested in seeing it mm-hmm yeah it's true you got to see it before you can
really make a judgment i guess that's true you know there's some revivals you kind of like raise
your eyebrow at and you're like really kind of like the night rider one was kind of like really
but they're like battle star galactica like i'm sorry it was way better than the original like
way better oh no no uh in my big fat geek opinion it was better but i i understand there's still a
lot of love for the original too i love the new one though oh my gosh how can you not like a
chimpanzee and a robot dog costume where do i begin uh you know i i almost bought dc universe
this week i had the ps ps3 copy in my hand and i was like i should buy this and then yes you should
uh maybe i shouldn't right we were at target we went shopping yeah so go for it man but uh just
wanted to call in say congratulations you guys have uh been a lot of fun over the past few years
well thank you brad i appreciate it and best of luck with everything going on at pod culture
really appreciate it you know what we should do what if we can't go to e3 let's go to dragon
khan and say hi yes oh my god dragon khan i don't know what i would do at dragon khan that is
that's like the types of games i don't know anything about you'd watch me run around with
my dice bag having just an o face the entire time oh my gosh we can randomly knock on doors looking
for yif parties in the hotel rooms it's dragon khan you wouldn't have to look too damn far
all right dragon khan has a little bit of everything oh yeah bobby would like it if we
went out to dragon khan that's in his backyard so all right i know we could crash at bobby's
we can get bobby's all right brad which was the name of the supernatural episode this season oh
you nerd all right brad thanks so much for the call have a good one you too guys later all right
all right should we do one more call yes all right we'll do one more call we just can't stop
hi you're on orange launch radio who's this legend of zaku what's on your mind my friend
first of all happy 400th to you guys happy 400th to us thank you happy 400th to you too zaku
you've been here for a lot of it so thank you yeah at least a good 80 you know like 75 of it
but yeah good enough all right let me see i'm trying to think because i've been out of like
the whole you know i've been out of like the recent gaming news aside for that new psp announced
but i mean from what i heard a lot of the devs are just like you know they're they're
creaming in their pants over how it's like you know genera like a generation ahead of the current
smartphones out there which got which just which you know the way i see it they're just
taking a lot of lip service so i mean that's the whole point is it because right now there has to
have to be nimble against not only apple but whoever else is releasing any new android tabs
that could just rival what but sony's gonna end up releasing i mean we'll give them the benefit
of that we really don't know how the the new ngps will perform when it releases but i can tell you
this i mean you know dual core phones are on are going to be here in a little bit so you're going
to have all these game developers aside from the ones that are not targeting the psp the ones that
have targeted the iphone and high-end android phones they're there they're capitalizing it
so that way you know they have you know they have like a known new release in particular games that
not only target ngp but are capable of running on these other newer smartphones you know what
there's ipad 2 is going to be out any day now they're they're probably going to announce that
so although i think that was supposed to come out in january and then of course now that iphone is
on verizon that's just going to further apple's grip on you know what's going on in the ios world
with iphone 5 i'm sure a kind of like a hybrid thing for at&t and verizon on its way in the
summer so i mean it's just crazy times sorry that um verizon only got like the really got the you
know the hand-me-downs per se it's like at&t still has an ex it has like a ton of exclusive now
whatever new phone whenever your iphone comes out it'll have you know verizon will get it
months afterwards well too early to tell but so far that's the indication that i've been
i've seen so far that you know at&t will still have it it doesn't have it's like you know full
exclusivity like it's the only carrier where you can buy it but it'll probably have what you know
they have like a compromise like a timed exclusive but you do realize that you know as i said google
is already is already you know already has like android 3.0 out which is like their tablet version
which is supposed to like herald in the the era of like three you know 300 tablets that
that pretty much rival the ipad right or match up to so wait let me let me ask you this then
obviously there's all this competing technology coming out we know that what is the ngp what is
it that they have to do to stand out from the crowd they just have to bring something that
that you can't really get on an iphone or high-end android phone basically something that not only
surpasses ps2 but just like barely touches ps3 graphics something that melts faces with awesomeness
exactly well you need something that has like you know it's kind of a hybrid in between the ps2
and you know the 360. if you get that on a small package like a like an ngp then you pretty much
you're pretty much like a step ahead of the competition last question zaku do you think
do you think they'll succeed
sony i mean on the way i see it is that remember they didn't they never had this much heat i mean
from from anyone outside of nintendo because now that apple's like creeping up you know apple and
and the other manufacturers are creeping up they have to like you know they have to make sure they
have to hit another home run all right the psp so really well but you know more there are more
iphones out there than psps and that's a fact you know there are more android phones out there
there's a lot more like high-end smartphones than people have psp all right one of them well we will
see buddy i gotta let you go so we can wrap up the show but thanks for your call all right take care
my friend we'll see you on episode 700 yeah definitely all right later dude all right that
really is going to do it for skype tonight i think sorry to those folks didn't get through i know
there was a lot of either one we don't hear from zaku and say hello so uh just so you know you can
always send us an email mailbag at orange lounge radio.com tell us what you thought of tonight's
episode did you like it what do you think of the new art that we've got on the podcast going on
and so forth uh what what convention should dark soccer be trying to go to because everybody in
the chat room is going pax east dragon con pax prime asen i do want to go to asen we we we dug
out actually all of my old costumes and i found my tamari fan isn't it wondercon season it should
be right uh yeah i think wondercon's got to be coming up soon yeah bostoni centers have a disco
and uh comic con just sold out their passes in record time which no surprise happened last year
right uh no they think they had more four-day passes out earlier this year you know what car
i just really want to do this week really comic cat where's that tokyo uh-huh i'd love to go to
tokyo game show someday i have a friend that goes every year really yeah fun then again she works
in the industry all right i'd have to get some help from my friends over there so akuma jp katsune
somebody might need some help if i were to come out there for tokyo game show because you guys can
clearly tell i can't even read the japanese release dates right i'd have problems navigating around
there all right that's gonna do it we gotta wrap up episode 400 of this show sadly it's not a
marathon tonight we can't go all night long but thank you guys of course for tuning in tonight
gotta go around though i'm assuming all the last minute news is done
if so we'll go around and get everybody's final thought so loki we'll start with you your final
thought tonight uh galgan's a weird game hope i don't get visited by chris hanson
uh salacious pop since you have the microphone thank you so much for being here tonight in this
very special episode because you're a special guy so uh any final thoughts tonight for our listeners
final thoughts tonight for our listeners i'm eagerly anticipating our trip to the noodle house
after this are you hungry yeah all right that's all right uh arcadian thank you for being here
appreciate your support as always you've kind of been there since day one as well all way back in
the arvigal days so you've watched us grow up right in front of your eyes oh yeah any final
thoughts for our listeners tonight i'll go over what my game of 2010 was and that was near has
very good story very good characters and very good music and even though the game has a little
flaws to it that they could iron it out but generally they're not bad been big enough to
make it what the game experience that it was and i think it used but i think it would interest you
i've considered picking it up but i've read not so nice things about it don't listen to them okay
well because you're right they fuck it up a lot yeah because there's a controversy or something
but that's just something you wouldn't even figure out unless you read something really
deep into it a lot of people hated lost odyssey too and i thought it was fabulous so yeah and and
one thing about it that the the female character swears almost every scene she's in that and i
think it's something that appealed more to older players than younger players younger players
probably wouldn't like the story as much or some of the characterizations probably wouldn't really
ring true to them or wouldn't really kind of mix with their experience but like older people will
probably think would like a lot more all right so noted um that's a hell of a final thought but i'll
have to check that game out uh my final thought is um gosh uh um a i could use some pink berry
but sadly they're closed and um b thank you guys for listening for the past 400 episodes or
whenever you joined even if even if this week was your first show thank you so much for listening
uh dark soccer your final thought baskin robbins is open we got an afterbirth ado still all right
thank you guys so much for downloading our show thank you for tuning in thank you for supporting
orange lounge radio i mean as we kind of joked about earlier in the show we're not the biggest
show on the internet we don't have millions of dollars backing it up we stay here every week
though because of you guys and no corporation can put a stop to that so thank you guys so much for
your support if you like what you hear just tell friends about the show it's word of mouth really
helps leave us a nice five star review on itunes we haven't gotten one of those in like months so
we would definitely appreciate some of those or whatever podcasty program you use to listen it
would be most appreciated thank you guys so much and guess what just because tonight was a landmark
show episode 400 doesn't mean it's over yet we'll be back to do it all again next week here at
orange launch radio episode 401 good night everybody you've been listening to orange
lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show
visit www.allgames.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific time the views and opinions expressed on
orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio
or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
