Today, August 23, 2009, a new pay-as-you-go business model is announced for a popular
360 game.
One gaming device will soon allow you to read comic books, and was a recently closed studio
working on the next Final Fantasy game?
Hello, everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that talk show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
We like to think of ourselves as the place where every gamer has a voice, because we
let you call in, we let you chat with us at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
We let you tweet us, too.
We try to keep up with the times and the new technologies, and it all happens live at six
o'clock Pacific Standard Time, nine o'clock Eastern Time, at our friends at All Games
Radio.
www.allgames.com.
A big shout-out to them for letting us steal their bandwidth on Sunday nights.
We appreciate it.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be with you here over the next three hours.
With me as always, say hello to the one and only, Jamie Sommers, Dark Sakura.
Crunchy.
How are you?
Crunchy.
Tell the listeners about what you are eating right now, because I find it very interesting.
I really wanted cereal, but I really wanted peanut butter, and then I was like, I've got
some really tasty bread from Trader Joe's.
So what I did is I took my sprouted wheat bread from Trader Joe's, and put a bunch of
creamy Jif, and have put- Why not Skippy?
Annette Funicello is crying somewhere.
Um, oh well.
But I have a layer in between layers of peanut butter of all-brand flakes, so I can get my
crunchy cereal on.
It's actually pretty delicious, but not quite as epic as I thought it was gonna be, and
it hasn't really abated my desire for tacos.
So, to summarize, you are eating a peanut butter and cereal sandwich.
I am.
It's delicious.
Orange Lounge Foodio, live Sunday nights.
I swear we ought to have a spin-off.
This is full of fiber and protein, okay?
And it's low glycemic, so the world can bite me.
I swear we ought to have a spin-off show about like food or something.
It just seems like a natural progression for our show.
Call it Food Chef.
All right.
So as always, I don't want to ignore him any longer, because he's an important part of
our show.
What the hell would we do without him?
Tech master, Loki.
Yeah, those are all lies.
Yeah, mostly.
No, I'm kidding.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
I feel somber, though.
Yeah?
I was working out front planting plants.
How is it being a homeowner now, a couple months in, having to do all this housework?
Tiring.
Actually, it's funny, though, because there was this plant that was growing out front
next to our neighbor's fence, and we weren't really sure if it was our neighbor's plant
or ours, but technically, it's not our side of the property, so it's ours.
But apparently, you can pull it apart the way that it kind of grows.
You can actually pull it apart.
So we took this one giant plant and made like 16 smaller plants out of it, and they're all
going to grow and expand bigger and take over the entire yard.
But yeah.
It's like Animal Crossing for real.
Something like that.
I don't know.
So yeah, that's what I did there.
I'm surprised you, Loki, with your handiwork.
You don't get one of those things I've seen on late night television, which is those rolls
of flowers that you see that you can get at Home Depot, where you just unravel.
It's like a carpet or something.
You throw it down, and it's all seeds, so you water it, and then you just get the hometown
buffet of flowers in your front yard.
Yeah.
You can do that with just seeds.
I mean, you don't need to spend money on it.
And I don't know if you've ever tried rolling anything down.
I can't roll it straight.
It would just be awful.
Like, last night, we got... We were actually doing stuff at the house.
We bought a rug last night, which Kat decided to start tearing up, because it's the only
carpet in the house, and now she can scratch it.
And then we bought curtains for the front room to shield the outside world from our
porn watching, and it's really sunny.
So we put those up and everything, and... But yeah, I mean, we don't need all the flowers
up there.
When are you inviting me over to see all these changes at the house?
Once we're done.
I don't know.
I'm just giving you a hard time.
Come over any time you want.
I don't know.
Once I get the cabinet in and stuff, but... You need a housewarming party.
I know.
That's what you need to do.
It's never clean.
No, I understand.
You've had a lot of busy stuff going on lately, but at some point, you should have a housewarming
party.
It's almost like... I don't know when the statute of limitations on that stuff is, because
we moved in, what, two months ago?
I don't know when you can... You've gone beyond the point of homewarming parties.
I think there's a point where you're just like, okay, you forego.
You mean you would give up housewarming presents and not have a housewarming party?
Hey, I would not be foregoing housewarming presents.
It's just... I don't know.
It'll be cooler once I get the cabinet in, because it'll be something to showcase, you
know?
Right.
Right now, all I can showcase is like... I don't know.
The cat-eating rug?
No, it's not eaten yet.
I mean, she just started pulling out pieces of it and was eating it.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, let's introduce our chat room as well.
As always, where would we be without the listeners?
Chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Let's give the chat room a name tonight.
Let's call it Rufus.
Why are we calling the chat room?
Chat room, your name is Rufus.
Why are we calling... Barnaby.
Why are we calling the chat room Rufus or Barnaby or Barnabas?
I don't know.
Which, by the way, I am all about this Tim Burton Dark Shadows movie with Johnny Depp
as Barnabas.
I know, right?
I can't get here any faster.
Please.
But Johnny Depp is in every Tim Burton movie now.
I love Meesa.
Who cares?
He's a great actor.
I love Tim Burton.
I love Johnny Depp.
This is great.
The chat room's name is officially Penelope.
Why are we calling the chat room by any name?
We're not calling it... We're not going to get in this weird tangent of stuff.
Remember last week?
It got weird.
Chat room, your name is Penelope.
See.
And then people are going to tune in at eight o'clock.
People that tune in late who weren't here when the show started on time, they're going
to be like, who the fuck's Penelope?
That's why they should have been here, huh?
It's just going to get strange.
I have a feeling we're just going to go.
That's right.
I need to take more Vicodin.
Excuse me.
All right.
Let's go to Penelope and read some of the comments that we have tonight.
Alpha Cananagram says about Loki's house, Skye just wants to watch the porn on the big
screen TV, possibly.
It's not that impressive, really.
I mean, I don't know.
There are weird things though.
The last time we had Jim and Annie and Christopher over, we actually watched the parody to Friends.
When you watch those parody porns, there's nothing sexy about that at all.
They're trying to make the characters look like the characters in the show and they do
a horrible job at it.
I don't know.
It's more weird.
It's like watching a very slow-mo car wreck or something.
Have you thought about just watching just a straight up porn that doesn't try to be
any type of funny thing?
Good luck finding one, okay?
They're all kind of funny and weird.
I like old people, one of my favorite chat room nicknames, by the way, in Penelope right
now wants to know...
Ew, I just said that that person's in Penelope, wants to know, are there naked pics of Penelope?
Well, look, you're... never mind.
I don't want to...
I like the alpha cananagram referred to Penelope Pitstop because that's old school yo.
I didn't get that.
What is that?
It wasn't... it was from old cartoon.
Is it?
Yeah.
Okay.
I got school people.
If it wasn't on Nickelodeon, I probably never saw it.
Would that be from Wacky Races?
I don't know.
I think it was Wacky Races.
That sounds like a character from Wacky Races.
Any moment somebody's going to yell it out in chat anyway, so we'll get there.
Okay.
Suma asks, so we went from Rufus to a girl's name, did Chad have a sex change?
Apparently Dark Soccer thinks so.
It was indeed Wacky Races.
All right.
And that was just a guess because I wouldn't remember such a horrible cartoon.
You watch a lot of cartoons.
No, I don't watch horrible cartoons like that, but I mean, come on, Penelope Pitstop.
It sounds like a racing character.
Her car was called the Compact Pussycat.
It's a compact pussy, okay.
There we go.
We have three people all just piping up, starting with X-Link, who beat everybody else to it,
Wacky Racers, or Wacky Races.
Let's go back to video games.
We have this odd delay too.
We are live and it's not like we're on a delay because people are afraid we're going to say
fuck or something, but just the nature of the encoding and the fact that it takes a
minute to go to all game server, then you download it because you're buffering everything.
There's just by nature this 20 second delay.
So sometimes the last question's in the chat.
We don't see the answers for 20 seconds.
That's why when you call in, by the way, it's really important that you lower your volume
because there's nothing you can do about that buffer.
It will always be there.
All right, anyhow.
Look at that, Tiger Claw.
But if you turn the volume up, there's less of a buffer.
Tiger Claw going straight to Wikipedia for the answer on Penelope Pitstop.
Okay, look, let's try to get into video games here tonight, talking a little bit about our
gaming week.
Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
I was actually playing some Blue Dragon and some Ragnarok online, which I got back into
and stuff on Gaia, but, uh, I'm not playing anything now.
I have to, when you're playing MMOs, somebody on this show has to keep the added tradition
going.
I had to stop because I had the rest of that suture removed from my hand on Friday.
Haha.
You can't bitch slap me.
I got a left hand, Rob, and I got two feet, and you are not protected.
Oh, I'm actually reading up on Janet Waldo, who did Penelope Pitstop's voice.
She was Judy Jetson.
Fascinating.
Yep.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I'm assuming she's done if she's talking about the Jetsons.
Apparently not as exciting as Wacky Races, but, uh, no, I actually tried to play a few
different things this week.
I, I went and actually played some indie games, and of course people were recommending that
I play, um, you know, I made a game with zombies in it, and yeah, it was funny, and it was
actually pretty fun, um, so I enjoyed that, um, also, for whatever reason, because, you
know, now that they have the rankings in there, where people can actually rate different games
and stuff, um, you can actually, you know, see what the top rated, you know, um, indie
games and stuff are.
So I decided to play the top rated indie game, which is, um, Miner Dig Deep, and I don't
know why, but I'm addicted to that game.
It's almost pointless.
The game, you basically, you're a miner, and you go into a hole, and you actually dig into
the walls, almost like Dig Dug, but there's no, like, you know, dinosaurs around.
Just to point out, though, not the kind of 17 year old miner, right, you're talking about
a pickaxe.
Yeah, it's like a pickaxe, you know, miner, I don't know, maybe under 17.
Miner 2049er, if you're old school like me.
Um, but anyways, so you're in, you know, going into the ground digging, and you can buy different
things, um, of course you have lamp oil that runs out after a certain amount of time, so
you collect ore and stuff, and you go back up to a little shop, sell it, buy more lamp
oil and supplies, and you go back down and dig some more, and you do this forever.
This seriously sounds like a game I used to play, like, 15 years ago on old school PC.
256 color shareware.
Yeah, pretty much, and you do this forever, and I don't know why, but I can't stop playing
this game.
I actually, you know, I don't know, I could have been playing, like, Earth Defense Force,
you know, which I did play a little bit of this week, but I kept going back to play this
game, and I don't know why.
So it sounds like its crown as the top-rated game right now is rightfully deserved, it
sounds like.
Yeah, it's fun, it's just, I don't really know what the point is, but I don't really
care.
Azure Edge in chat wants to know what game you're talking about one more time.
Miner Dig Deep.
And it's an indie game, top-rated indie game, at least when you downloaded it, who knows,
because those lists can change on a daily basis, right?
Yeah.
So, you know, what's funny is that, you know, we heard about the new Xbox, and I think it
was like a dollar.
I mean, seriously, it's worth the dollar.
I think we've heard a lot of chat when this new firmware rolled out about how there was
going to be ratings and so forth, but I don't think we've really heard a lot about how that's
really played out, you know, because I think there was some concern that, just like people
spam Dig, some of these indie developers might try to spam Xbox to try and get their titles
to the top.
Does it seem like it's working?
If they are, it's hard to notice because there's so many people voting on stuff that, really,
I don't see how that can be, and actually, it's not a matter of, like, you can place
a vote for a title.
I mean, you can vote, like, a five, but, like, say later on, something really pissed you
off about it, you can change it to a zero, or one, or whatever.
You can change it whenever you want, so it's basically just, you know, tallies, whatever
people are thinking of it at that time.
When I went in there, you know, because, unfortunately, you know, if you listened to last week's show,
you know I'm Xbox-less right now, but when I was playing with that new patch last week,
one of the first things I did is I went in there and I rated Snake 360, you know, to
support our buddy who was on the show a couple months ago when that game first rolled out,
and I was like, oh, I'm going to rate this a five and see kind of how it takes place.
But it didn't seem like my vote, because, you know, you can see the number of people
that have voted, it didn't seem like my vote took at first.
Like, it almost seems like there's a waiting period before the vote actually registers.
I don't know if they update overnight, or what it is.
It might take a while.
It's kind of weird.
I mean, because I don't think they could do it in real time, it would just be bogging
everything down.
I did find it very interesting that the game rating worked very similar to the Netflix
rating, how since you don't really have a mouse and pointer to click how many stars,
you have to kind of cycle through all the way to five or back to one, you know, to rate
it by hitting the A button so many times.
And I don't know, it's pretty cool, like, I played Earth Defense Force earlier this
week as well, and that's rated a solid four now, which it rightly deserves because it's
awesome.
It just broke 80 hours this week in the game, and I don't know why because it's just really
hard and frustrating, but I'm actually working my way through it some more.
I finally got one of the higher up weapons and I'm missing, I'm still missing some of
the other weapons though, but in order to farm them, the one level you have to play,
it only drops like one or two weapons a level, and you know, since it's random at what weapons
it picks to me, it could be one of any 200 weapons that are in that game, and I'm missing
like two, and you can see how it could take forever to get what you need.
But I've been playing that and I'm about 80% done with the game, getting almost to the
point where, you know, I need to really get some good people to help out with it, but
I have a friend who's actually playing that at work as well, and so he's been helping
me on breaks and stuff like that when we're not playing Grand Theft Auto, then of course
I played Grand Theft Auto this week and didn't really change anything, although I went over
to my sister's house because she has a modded 360 as well, I got her that for her birthday,
and so I've been giving her every now and then copies of, you know...
Did you really give the gift of piracy for someone's birthday?
She's poor, she can't, okay before that she had a modded PS2 with games dumped to the
hard drive, so yes, I've been giving the gift of piracy to her because she can't afford
actual games.
She does rent though, so you know, she rents legitimate games, but I shouldn't be supporting
such blatant piracy, but you know, it's out there I guess.
Well she has, to be fair, she does have a legit copy of Grand Theft Auto IV, so she
does have it, legitimately, so the fact that I'm burning off a new copy of it that happens
to be modified, it's still kind of in that gray area, but I mean, it's not like she doesn't
own a legit copy of it.
Okay, fair enough.
Okay.
But anyways, so she, I was showing her because she didn't actually try any of the weapons
that I modified or anything because she doesn't have the phone yet, she's been too busy trying
to punch people with the super punch, although for whatever reason, the nuke shotgun that
I built in there, because normally I play Lost and Damned and so some things don't work
quite right how they're supposed to, but since she only has Grand Theft Auto IV, that nuke
shotgun works like a nuke, and it, like, no matter where I shot it, somehow the shockwave
hit me, killed me every time.
You really do need to YouTube some of this stuff, I know you're working on it.
I have two hours of footage, okay, I have to go through it, but yeah, it's going to
be awesome.
Alright, looking forward to seeing it.
One more question I want to ask you about the whole, because as I mentioned before,
my Xbox 360 is broke right now, so I can't really look at this myself, I don't know if
you've bothered to check it out, maybe a chatter knows, what is the top rated Xbox 360 game
right now?
I don't know.
Hmm.
I wonder if that's something that you can look up on Xbox.com, can you see ratings on
Xbox.com now?
I think you can.
I'm sure, maybe a chatter will look that up for us, because if I try to go on Xbox.com
while we're recording the show, it won't like that, so it uses up a lot of memory, so.
I'm kind of curious, if it's like Mass Effect or, you know, I'm trying to think of the games
that were high rated when I took a peek, but you know, everything was so new at that point.
I know Grand Theft Auto is pretty high up there, it's like a four and a half, I don't
know.
I don't think there's anything else to solve five, so it's going to be really hard to distinguish
since, you know, it's sections of a star being shaded there, it's like, is that a half, third,
I don't know, you know.
Halo 3 says, sex with the elderly is their chat name.
Is that the game tonight?
Everybody's going to name themselves something really foul that I have to read?
Whatever.
I think it's a good idea.
No, it's a terrible idea, I won't read your chats, alright, whatever.
Have fun with it, whatever you like, as long as it's consensual.
Alright, um, I wonder if that's just a lie, I wonder if they just shouted out an Xbox
360 game because they knew I'd read it and just believe them, because I'm a sucker.
Alright, hey, my gaming week, obviously I've been QQing about my broken Xbox 360.
You know, and I'm calmed down a lot this week than I was last week, because it was still
fresh in my mind last week, I'm a little more mellow this week, I think I have my plan of
action for what I plan to do about it.
I will not be buying a new Elite, I'll tell you that much, that is one thing I did decide.
Maybe I'll talk a little more about this later on because we're going to get into a story
in a little bit that's kind of related.
But that means obviously I still have a Playstation 3, I still have a Wii, I have plenty of places
I can be gaming.
I think PS3 kind of wins this week, I've been playing Wipeout HD, I went back and visited.
Oddly enough, the whole controversy about the ads in the game kind of made me think,
oh yeah, I never really played enough Wipeout HD, so I went back and played some, and I
did actually see an ad once while I was playing, I didn't play the new expansion, I was just
playing like old school Wipeout HD, like the, I guess, well how old school is Wipeout HD,
but you know what I mean, the original version of it.
Because damn, I love me some F-Zero, and Wipeout HD really is kind of the closest thing we
have to that on another console, and I really like that mode that's called I think zone
mode when you're racing, it makes the track like all this solid color as you're racing,
it has this very techno look to it obviously as Wipeout HD does, and then as you race,
like the track changes colors as you accumulate so many points, and yeah, pretty cool.
I'm having fun with Wipeout HD, haven't really played a lot of it online, but it has been
satiating my thirst for gameplay this week with a lack of an Xbox 360.
Obviously the Playstation 3 is a perfectly fine gaming system, and there's some certain
things on it I can't play on 360 that I'm kind of catching up on right now, so Wipeout
HD is one of them.
I'm still looking for a cheap copy of Valkyria Chronicles, but from what I understand, because
I remember we reported on the show a while back that Valkyria Chronicles dipped to 1999,
apparently it went back up, because it has been, I don't know if the price dip made it
more successful or it's a cult thing now or what the deal is, but I know that's on my
hit list of games I want to play until I get my 360 situation resolved, and then of course,
whenever Final Fantasy 13 comes out I will be buying them on PS3, and I was watching
Blu-rays too.
I finally caught up on a few of those.
I think that you should hang out with me and play Dreamcast.
Dreamcast?
On September 9th I will.
Okay.
It'll be fun.
I forgot to mention that I also have a System 573 board coming my way tomorrow.
Now for those that don't know what a System 573 board is, what is that?
It's Bomani hardware.
It's actually, well this one in particular is a Dance Maniacs second mix J append, and
so literally if I were to hook it up to a monitor and build controls and stuff like
that, I could play Dance Maniacs as an actual arcade game.
And you can convert the machine into a DDR machine if I really wanted to, but it costs
like an extra $100 to do that.
But I have the actual cartridges and security stuff to do it if I wanted to.
I don't know if I will though, because I can just run Step Mania.
I'm reading some comments from Penelope at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Tiger Claw says, Zone was a mode first introduced in Wipeout Pure on the PSP.
I did not know that.
I missed the PSP version.
SG100Matt says, the top indie rated game is, I made a game with zombies, with 4.5 stars
and 5081 votes.
So it sounds like it's changed.
Yeah, it's been getting, well that was like number 3.
It's been getting bigger because, you know, everyone loves it.
Everyone loves zombies.
It's a dollar.
It's a dollar.
It's a good dollar spent, you know.
Definitely recommend you try it.
Has a really, people are calling it this year's, you know, Still Alive basically, has a really
weird catchy song about the game.
Interesting.
It's probably sung, but it just talks about the game.
Does it seem like this whole rebranding of the, what was it, I don't even remember what
was called before, the independent, to indie games, what was it, what the hell was it called?
Community games.
Thank you.
Do you think the rebranding of community games to indie games has been successful?
Because it sure sounds like more people are following what's going on now.
I think though what's making it better is that they've dropped the price, the minimum
price.
Because before the minimum price used to be 200 Microsoft points, which is, you know,
80 points.
Now your lowest amount that you can charge for a game is 80 points or a dollar.
So, you know, surprisingly enough, that's still, a lot of people are just like, hey,
dollar, whatever.
You know, throw it in there.
You know, a lot of people may have 80 points left over after buying something.
So it's kind of cool in that way too.
But yeah, I mean, it's a lot easier just to buy stuff for 80 points.
I mean, it goes really fast.
It is unfortunate that the games don't have achievements.
I mean, don't get me wrong, I understand why.
Because obviously someone would make that game, you know, press A, get 200 gamer score.
But even if they would do achievements with a zero gamer score, or just, you know, because
there are plenty of achievements out there in the retail games that are just zero gamer
score.
It's just unlocking it.
Or maybe like a separate type of, not even achievements, but maybe like community badges.
I don't know what the hell they want to call it, but something maybe separate that, yeah,
that'd be kind of cool because no one let me compete against friends.
Because, you know, on those games, you can't really do the...
We would never do points because someone could just, you know, go, okay, you started the
game, 1000 points.
Right, right.
I get that.
Don't get me wrong.
But just something that, you know, kind of encourages a little bit of competition, you
know.
I don't know.
I'm just kind of brainstorming here.
I think ways they can make it even bigger.
I think they will later.
But just not right now.
All right.
Let's see.
As far as other games I've been playing this week, not really a whole lot.
I was playing Guild Wars for a little bit.
Not a lot.
But, you know, it's one of those MMOs I have that I'm not really paying for because I already
bought the game.
And Guild Wars' model is that once you buy the game, you can play online for free pretty
much forever.
So it's kind of cool that you can just go back and revisit it whenever you want.
I did.
Speaking of Guild Wars, and I don't think it's in tonight's show roll, I also watched
that trailer for Guild Wars 2.
Looks pretty sweet, I got to say.
So definitely keeping an eye on Guild Wars.
All right.
Let's get into some more gaming news tonight.
After some housekeeping, we do of course always want to plug some of the ways you can follow
us and join the community that we sometimes call the O.L. Army.
If you want to join our Twitter, www.Twitter.com slash O.L.R., also you can join us on Facebook.
Just search for the O.L. Army.
We're on LiveJournal as well in Orange Lounge.
Follow us.
Get involved with the community.
We try to read your comments and so forth on every show all the time.
Also some other comments from chat.
INGN0, INGO, I know how to spell this, or he's told me how to pronounce it before and
I always forget, asks, no Wolfenstein question mark.
No, not this week, especially, it's not really the type of game that I've been really eagerly
anticipating.
I played the old Wolfenstein 3D and that was about it for me.
I don't know.
Wolfenstein, any interest, Loki?
Nope.
I will tell you, this has got to be probably the first podcast or gaming blog anywhere
that did not talk about Shadow Complex this week.
I would have played it if my Xbox worked.
I looked at it and I was like, how much did I play Castlevania Symphony Night when I bought
that on 360?
Oh wait, no, I didn't buy it.
But still, all the more reason.
I'm probably not going to buy it.
I don't know.
I'll think about it.
But I haven't finished, you know, Bionic Commando and more than half a dozen, a few dozen games
that I've bought already.
I'm just kind of taking a break from buying full price Xbox Live Arcade games.
Now, don't get me wrong, if they ever came out with a Bionic Commando sequel that would
be on Xbox Live Arcade done the same fashion as, say, Re-Armed, then yes, I would probably
buy that in a heartbeat.
I have not seen a single person on the interwebs say that Shadow Complex sucks.
I have yet to see a tweet about it.
I don't know.
Chat, does it suck?
Just say it just to say it.
Like, if it really sucks, tell me why.
It seems like the reception of this game has been very, very positive.
And I do love the Metroidvania games.
I was looking at screenshots kind of going, doesn't look like the type of thing I normally
play, but I'll check it out.
It's fun, it's fun.
Doesn't matter what the theme is or what have you.
By the way, our good buddy Bobby Blackwolf, who's always on before us on all games radio,
he starts at five o'clock Pacific on Sunday nights.
He is in chat saying, we are the second podcast to not mention Shadow Complex, even though
we did, because he was the first.
My bad.
Give credit where credit is due.
Beaten by one hour, curses!
Alright.
Anyhow, let's get into some gaming news, Shadow Complex or whatever the game is that we're
talking about.
And please, don't hear me wrong, I'm not bashing Shadow Complex.
Again, if my Xbox 360 hadn't fried last week, I would have gladly checked it out this week,
but you know, shit happens.
Alright, so Loki, get us started with some gaming news tonight.
Alright, so Microsoft had a little bit of a keynote during Gamescom this week, however
they didn't really discuss a whole lot.
Really the only thing they discussed was Fable.
So of course, I'm totally shocked that they announced a new Fable game, but Fable 3 will
be coming out next year, and they didn't really go into great detail what exactly you're going
to be doing, but apparently you will be, I guess, assuming that they're going to be playing
as the son or daughter of your Fable 2 hero, and you're going to be starting like a revolution
to become the new ruler of Albion, and of course, based on, you know, what you do as
a ruler, you know, that have obviously positive or negative effects on the world around you.
Just like Fable 2, and I'm sorry, but if it's just like Fable 2, then it's going to be all
hype, no content.
Well, not no content, but not as much content as promised.
I kind of liked Fable 2, but...
It was alright, but it just wasn't like, oh my god, the best game ever, as he was like,
you know, pitching it.
Well, Peter Molyneux kind of has a reputation for really, really hyping things beyond what
they really end up being, and you know why we all approach this project, Milo, with a
hint of skepticism, at least I do.
But I did like Fable 2 quite a bit, actually, it's one of my favorite Xbox 360 games of
last year.
But here's my question about Fable 3.
If you're going to be playing the child of a character in Fable 2, does that mean all
these decisions you made in Fable 2 ultimately are going to impact in Fable 3?
That didn't really happen in Fable 2 with Fable 1.
Yeah, I'm not really sure if that's the case, and they're just saying that the storyline's
basically that your, you know, hero is going to be, you know, it's their children, since
the game starts off in Fable 2 where you pick, you know, a sex, and that's basically it.
But I guess they said the game's going to take place 50 years after the first one, and
you play the child of the hero, Bowerstone has continued moving on, become quite industrial,
and the game's not just about Albion this time.
And they also said that half the game will be spent trying to ascend the power, and the
game will not turn into, like, a micromanagement RTS.
And then they're also going to have the judgment and touch systems, which will be used to influence
the world.
Basically, a judgment system was people will come to you and say, okay, this poor child,
you know, stole bread from this person.
Do you want to let them go or kill them, you know?
You can just, you know, obviously pick the right or wrong, whatever you feel is right
or wrong.
But you can't come up with creative punishments.
You can't say, you know, make them bake bread for the entire town or anything like that.
Yeah, it's like you can, you know, judge her immediately, like the person that stole food,
or you can investigate the situation.
Or you can set her on fire.
I vote for fire.
Clearly, your character was evil and fabled too.
No, mine was actually really good.
No, and you set people on fire, and you were good?
No, I just said I vote for fire.
I do like this feature.
Touch apparently will allow players to grab NPCs.
So for example, if, you know, somebody, if a child was in a burning building, you can
actually grab the child and pull them to safety instead of waiting for the child to figure
out how to get out of the burning building and probably dying in the process because
some of the AI wasn't that, I don't know.
That means if you're evil, you could grab them and throw them into the burning building.
That saying, like, you can also shake someone's hand or refuse to.
You can also embrace somebody, snog them.
I don't know.
Baby shake?
I hope you can throw them off cliffs.
Or even better, jump off a cliff while holding onto them and then drag them with you.
Throw your dog at them.
That would be kind of funny.
So yeah, that's basically the game.
It's, you know, becoming the king and it will be the best game ever, I'm sure, and somehow
they'll probably work in Milo in there or some crap.
I don't know.
Fable 3, my life as a king.
But yeah, that is, you know, basically Fable 3.
So it's, I don't know, it's neat.
Now the other thing that they talked about, because goddamn if Fable 3 wasn't enough,
they talked about Fable 2 Episodic, and people were thinking, oh my god, there's more content
coming.
Wrong.
Actually, Fable 2 Episodic is a pay-to-play version of Fable 2.
And basically Fable 2 had different, like, chapter points, I guess, in it.
And so the first chapter is free, and then of course, you know, once you're done with
that, you can choose to buy the next chapter or buy the rest of the game.
And I guess there's five episodes in total, and it's supposed to be released on September
29th.
And they didn't say how expensive the game will be.
I'm guessing around the same price as Fable 2.
Yeah, probably when you buy all five parts, or the last four or whatever it is, it ends
up being the same price as Fable 2, I'm sure.
Kind of an interesting business model, though.
What do you think about this?
It's clearly a test to see how well it's received, but what do you think of the business model?
I actually...
You know, for somebody with gaming ADD like me, who probably only played through a few
chapters of Fable 2, I mean, granted, I like the idea that I can go back and check it out
at any time.
I have to say, I'm actually a little more welcoming of this idea than you might think.
I think it's a good idea because Fable 2 didn't have a demo, and this would be a good way
to check out, you know, a game.
Say for example, you know, it's more of like an extended demo because you get to play through
the first part of the game for free, and then if you just, if you like it, then you can
go ahead and purchase it later.
Or if you're just on the fence about it, you know, you can buy the next chapter and see
if you still like it or something like that.
So it's not just dumping all the money.
But they are getting more money, though, out of you by charging you in an episodic manner
as opposed to buying the whole game.
Well, granted, we don't know how many points each part is going to cost yet.
I would assume so because, I mean, that's typically when you buy, for example, an individual
size of something or when you buy the six pack, you know.
That's a fair comparison.
Like, I was kind of thinking of it as a pizza, is that when you buy Fable 2, you get the
pizza, but now you can get a slice of pizza.
Oh, pizza sounds good.
Pizza does sound very good, actually.
Let's get pizza.
We might have to during break or something.
Wait a minute, you didn't bring food tonight, Loki.
You didn't.
I went sushi.
Oh, okay.
And then I had a TNT roll, which is, what is it, and it all comes back to food.
Hey, you asked.
My fault.
My fault.
So it was like McGrew, I want to say there's spicy yahi and yellowfin and some other stuff
in there.
But it was good and hot.
Spicy mayonnaise.
Comments from chat, because of course this seems to be lighting up our chat room a little
bit.
I think Bobby's on the same page we are.
Black Wolf in chat says, I like the episodic model because that way if I don't continue
the game, I'm not paying for the whole game.
I'm only paying for the part of the game that I finished.
Unfolded Raptor follows up with, but that's like watching 15 minutes of a movie then paying
for another 15 minutes.
Black Wolf says, well, you know, if I want to walk out of the movie after the first 15
minutes, I didn't pay for the entire two hour movie.
You know what's interesting is that you do see actually a lot of movie companies putting
out like the first eight minutes of a movie on the internet for you to watch.
Amazon does that with TV episodes that you can download.
And books.
Yeah.
We'll give you samples of the books.
I mean, it's a good idea, but I'm thinking that they should offer an incentive that if
you decide after the first episode that you want to buy the whole game, that they give
you an option to pay the difference.
Well that's the thing.
They're going to do that I think.
They're just basically, the first episode's free.
So after the first episode, you can, after each chapter I guess, you have the option
to purchase the rest of the game or just purchase the next chapter.
You know, this really could be.
We could be looking at the future of how we're going to pay for a lot of our games.
Especially if this is successful, I don't know how successful it will be because it's
not a new game.
I think a lot of people that were interested in this game already got it, but it's certainly
by tempting folks with a free chapter a way to entice folks to check it out maybe and
get a few more extra sales.
I can't see how that's going to be bad news for Microsoft or Lionhead.
It's the pot of the video game world.
Just one hit, man.
But the interesting thing is, I mean think about it, PSP Go, despite the crap we've given
it on this show for not being that much better than the PSP and especially price wise, is
going to be completely free of media.
It's going to be digital downloads only.
Nintendo DS, or the DSi I should say specifically is a large part, is going to be digital download
only.
Some of the biggest components and biggest games you see now on 360, PlayStation Network,
Nintendo WiiWare, are all download games.
I wouldn't be surprised at all if one of the major players, Nintendo, Sony, or Microsoft,
in the next console, and I think if anybody it's going to be Sony, says no media, no discs,
no Blu-ray, or you know this will play Blu-rays but the games do not come out on Blu-rays.
It will be 100% digital distribution.
And it will fail.
You think?
It will fail.
What if it's like this though?
It will still fail.
And you know why it's going to fail?
Because people like owning stuff and people like the option.
I don't have a problem with adding other ways you can purchase content if you decide that
you know what?
I don't feel like buying the game.
I can buy either the episode, I can buy the full digital download which is available on
their service as well, or I can go purchase the retail game out there and do that.
If I'm not given that option then that's kind of crappy and then you know what happens later
on with, say, your console dies.
I know a lot of times with the Playstation 3 and stuff I'm sure you can go re-download
all that stuff later because it's just tied to your account, but still though it's not,
you can't loan out your games, you can't sell used, I mean it's really, there's a lot more
factors in there, and people like the, I mean people like the collector crap.
I mean, hello, Modern Warfare 2 with some fucking night vision goggles.
Can't digitally download night vision goggles.
Look at my vault.
Maybe I'm apples to oranges here a little bit, but then tell me why iTunes and iPods
are so successful.
Because people that purchase Apple products are suckers for that kind of crap.
But you cannot deny iTunes is successful.
But seriously, what phone out there, okay, what phone has cartridges or discs that plug
into it?
No phone does.
So that kind of content is expected on there, and that's why it's not a big deal.
Now if Apple were to come out with, say, a console and decides that, okay, it's only
gonna be through like their app store, then people might not be so apt to it.
They might go, eh, you know what, I'm just gonna stick with a console that I can actually
purchase physical stuff for.
Very interesting.
A lot of negativity in the chat room on this idea.
Penelope.
Sorry.
In Penelope, there's a lot of, and not necessarily the Fable 2 thing, I'm talking about the what
if the next generation of gaming was all digital.
Let's see, we have Act Def says, it will fail.
Code Man says, I hate downloading games.
My internet connection is so slow.
Frisbee says, I like having a disc to hold or cart.
And I like this comment from Sex with the Elderly says, I can't wait till people start
stealing PSPs and all their content with it.
Then having no media will suck ass.
And I'm sorry, I don't know, we'll get into this later why the PSP goes sucks, because
we have to bring it up on every show, but they're really dumb.
I'm sorry.
Sony is so retarded, it is just mind boggling.
And if they decided that, you know what, we're not gonna have any media and it's gonna be
a purely digital download system, it's gonna fail.
It's gonna fail.
To be fair, I'm only picking on Sony because if the PSP goes any indication, this is what
they're thinking.
I don't think it's a good idea anyways with Microsoft either.
I probably wouldn't buy a console from Microsoft if it didn't have physical media.
And I think that they're gonna be more apt to having physical media because there's a
lot more exposure out there, whereas it's just their service.
What if someone doesn't have broadband internet?
Oops, can't buy your download content.
That's a problem.
But there are people out there that don't have internet, or maybe they're playing their
console in a spot that doesn't have internet and they just don't care.
But still, you know what, they can go out there and buy discs and they can plug them
into their system.
There's still consumers in that sense.
But if you get rid of that and just say, well, everybody by now should have internet, well
you're gonna still lose some sales.
And that's not a smart thing.
Now what you should do is open up as many different avenues for people to purchase content.
Like this with Fable 2 I think is a good idea because now you have three different options.
You can purchase the full game, you can purchase it by episode, or you can purchase the retail
copy.
Or hell, you can purchase the used retail copy out there.
So there's a lot of options for you, and options are never a bad thing.
I guess not.
Alright, well let's move on and talk about the Xbox.
And obviously one big topic that dominated last week's show was me bitching about my
Xbox having crashed.
And apparently that wasn't the only story that came up on Xbox failures last week.
Game Informer actually ran a report, and in the latest issue of Game Informer, they actually
did a survey where they surveyed 5,000 console owners.
And according to these 5,000 console owners, the Xbox 360's current failure rate because
of the E74 error, 54.2%.
Now to be fair, they also surveyed for the Playstation 3's, and their yellow light issues,
10.3% on those, and the Wii's, 6.8%.
Granted, despite the anger I was feeling last week, I think this number's a little skewed.
And I think we're all approaching this with a little bit of skepticism because who are
you surveying in this poll?
You're surveying gamers.
And I think, I can admit that I think those that go so far as to subscribe to a magazine
or so forth probably use their Xbox 360's on a pretty regular basis, maybe a little
bit heavier than some people who don't subscribe to magazines do.
And so I think, just by nature, the more you use your console, the more you're going to
open it up to failure.
That's just true of any piece of hardware.
The more you use it, the more it's likely to fail someday.
That's not true.
I mean, I guess it's true in general statement, but it shouldn't be failing at the rates that
they're talking about.
Well, I'll get to that.
But I'm talking about, it's inevitable that the more you use something, the more likely
it is to break.
That's just a fact.
But do I think this number is that far off?
Probably not.
I would say the real number is probably somewhere around a third.
But I still look at this and go, most companies that would have that type of failure rate
on some type of thing they put out, like a television, a CD player, a car, would recall
it.
They would be forced to recall it.
They can't.
It'd be bad PR.
And they've kind of-
And this is good PR?
Yes, it's good PR for them.
Because notice, even though it may have a 54% failure rate, people, they're still the
second largest console share in the United States.
People don't care because people will go out and buy a new console once their console breaks.
If it's out of warranty, they'll go buy a new one.
Because you know why?
Because the games are good.
They have a good library of games and people don't give a crap.
Well, see, it goes back to the system is only good as the games that are on it.
And you know what's, and actually that's probably the point as to, because I know there's been
people that have been asking, well, if you're so mad about it, why are you going to buy
another one?
And it's kind of like, well, dude, because I've invested all this money in the games,
not just the physical games and the, um, online games that selling them back.
I'm sorry.
That's, that's a waste of my money to just to buy them.
If I sold back all of my games to rebuy them on PS3, I would be able to buy like one fifth.
If that of the games on PS3, you know what I mean?
And plus fact of the matter is some games I want to play are only on Xbox.
You know what I mean?
So yeah, I do feel a little bit pigeonholed where if I'm not able to repair this, then
I'm going to have to just buy a new one.
I would think though that the failure rate is probably around that 54%.
I've had what I have had maybe a total of eight consoles and I think five of them died
at one point.
Well, it's interesting.
Everybody has their own ideas and everybody has their own interpretations of these results.
You know, I think we can all agree it ain't 54.2%.
That's obviously a skewed statistic, which way it's skewed.
That's open to interpretation.
Microsoft responded to it this week, by the way, and here was their response.
And this was in a statement to T-
I know what I said.
What's that?
Well, you tell me if this sounds like to you.
Okay.
In a statement to TG Daily, Microsoft stands behind the Xbox 360 as a superior entertainment
console with one of the best warranties in the industry.
We are constantly improving the design, manufacture, and performance of the console through extensive
testing of potential sources of any problems.
Xbox 360 is pleased to maintain the title of most played console and the vast majority
of the Xbox 360 customers have enjoyed a terrific gaming and entertainment experience since
their first day and continue to day in and day out.
That entire statement is true.
But the thing is, they're not addressing the real problem.
That isn't the most smoke up my ass I've ever heard.
No, it's that-
It is.
That entire statement is true.
But here's the thing though.
They're dancing around the real issue.
That's the problem.
Yes, they are continually upgrading their systems and making them better and stuff like
that.
Yes, their warranty is pretty awesome.
Three years warranty is really cool.
And yes, that people do enjoy their console.
However, they failed to address that their first line of systems that came out the first
few revisions suck so bad that more than half of them have failed.
And in fact, I would be surprised if not all of them failing at some point.
The newer systems though, the newer revisions, the newer motherboards and stuff that they're
putting out, less likely to fail.
Yes.
And probably up to par with, I'd say, the other consoles around that 10% range.
But a lot of people did buy to launch or at least relatively close to launch and all their
consoles are going to fail at some point or another and it's just a matter of time.
It's like a ticking time bomb.
That is the problem.
Yes, you're continually making them better, but you fucked up in the beginning and that's
a big problem and you needed to recall all of them and get them all back and give them
the new revisions.
That would be the proper thing to do.
I wasn't going to quite say that much, but I don't know.
It's a tricky issue.
In the age of the internet, in gaming, we haven't really seen something like this before,
but I'm sorry.
You can't tell me that the PS3 and the Wii failure rates are anything close to this.
Close to this.
Because they rushed to get it to market and yes, it benefited them in the fact that their
install base is a lot bigger, however, their hardware is kind of shoddy.
I do find it fascinating they dance around the statistic in their response.
They never deny it.
Notice that.
In the response, they don't deny it at all.
I think they expected it.
But here's the thing, what they say at the end of their statement, as much as that's
blowing smoke up my ass, it's true.
The fact that they do have a choke hold on a lot of the big games out there on the market
right now that can only be played on Xbox 360 and that they are doing a lot of things
right in that regard outside of just the system itself is kind of hard to deny.
That's why I'm essentially, I guess some of you might say, taking it a little bit.
But at the same time, I think if you're a consumer out there and you haven't bought
a 360 yet and you're worried that, okay, if I buy a 360 it's going to fail, I think that
worry right now, it shouldn't be a worry because now the systems have gotten to the point though
where they aren't failing like they were doing before.
And I think it is safe to buy it now because of all the hardware revisions they've done.
What they really should have done is all those revisions before the console was released,
but hey, they made a huge mistake and now they're in the process of trying to pick up
the pieces and fixing the problem.
But yeah, will people forget about this?
Will people remember this for the next console launch?
Yeah, you better damn believe it and there will be a lot of people probably waiting and
seeing if there's going to be issues with their next console.
By the way, if you're curious what I decided to do with my Xbox 360, I am-
He's going to set it on fire and throw it off a cliff.
I might.
No, I decided I'm going to, although that would be kind of fun actually, but I'm going
to give it a try.
I'm going to let Loki try to fix it because he knows how to fix them apparently, so I
will let him try.
I have a 50% success rate here.
Well, I'll take my chance.
This way I don't have to ship it off and pay those costs or anything and Loki will do it
for free.
Yep.
And I'll pay for parts or whatever.
Also, if it doesn't work, then I know Bobby has a friend that will buy for parts, so I
will send it to the junkyard to be scrapped at the pick and pull basically of Xbox 360s.
I will do that unless they don't want it because Loki ruins it, then I will set it on fire
and throw it off the cliff.
I'll try not to ruin it too much.
All right, try it please because I do want to send it off to the virtual pick and pull
if that happens.
And I will, if I have to because Loki can't fix it, not that I don't have faith in Loki,
but if Loki can't fix it, then I am not going to buy an Xbox 360 Elite.
I'm not going to wait for the price drop because I decided that was a stupid idea.
Why would I in turn give Microsoft more money for their high-end console?
Because the first one failed.
That was dumb.
That was an e-jerk reaction of mine.
I take it back.
I would instead buy the lowest, cheapest end Xbox 360 I can buy that's not used.
Because if I go for the $199 Xbox Arcade, I don't need a hard drive.
I have one.
I don't need the fancy black color or whatever.
The HDMI is on the arcades now.
I'm fine.
And then at least I'll have HDMI moving forward.
That's my plan.
And Bobby is saying that his friend will want it even ruined.
Great.
So Loki, have fun.
If you fix it, great.
If you don't, off to the pick and pull.
I'm hoping that we're on the positive end of my 50%.
Let's see.
We'll see.
Hey, I've got to tell you the one-
We'll update your win-loss ratio here on our Twitter.
And the one that did work, that was successful, still works today.
It still works.
It's awesome.
I keep waiting for it to fail again, but-
I will donate my 360 to science.
That is what I'm doing.
Alright.
Well, hey, question.
When you did your repairs, was your failure rate closer to the beginning or closer to
the end?
It was the end.
Uh-huh.
The first one worked flawlessly.
Second one, not so much.
Well, that's okay, because you know what?
You can still be in business, because your failure rate is close to Microsoft's failure
rate, and they're still kicking.
Exactly.
So you know what?
Off to Loki's repair shop.
And I blame their console for my failure anyways.
Alright.
Let's move on, because I'm just going to get more angsty comments if I continue on this
whole tirade with the 360 and so forth.
It is a tricky line here.
I do feel a sense of, damn it, shit, fuck, with the whole Xbox 360 red ringing.
But at the same time, I do understand shit happens.
But it just makes me- I don't know if angry is the right word.
It makes me irritated.
Did you try doing it without the-
Shut up.
It makes me irritated that so many people are having the same problem, and yet Microsoft
just says, well, but we're still cool.
We're still the best.
Did you try it without the hard drive?
You know what?
I didn't.
I just decided I've been having, in my personal life, I've been having the most shitty week
you could possibly imagine.
I'm faking it really well on the show tonight.
Here's the thing, is that I just decided I'm not going to make my week worse by even trying
that 360 this week.
Alright.
No problem.
I'll take care of it.
I promise.
I will.
Well, how about other stuff, huh?
Yes.
How about some stuff about something that I particularly am sick of hearing about, but
it is newsworthy.
How about some World of Warcraft stuff?
Alright.
For all of you addicts, pop the vein.
It's time to go.
Well, you know, they had the whole cataclysm, whatever the fuck thing that they're doing,
and they have the new races, the goblin and wargun, which actually look kind of cool.
I thought, like werewolves-
Shocking.
That's totally unexpected.
And they've raised the cap to 85 for levels, but now they're going back and revamping old
zones and changing them completely.
Like since the big cataclysm thing, some areas are destroyed, and then some of the places
like Desolace and the Barrens are becoming green.
They're redesigning cities so that you can fly.
And actually in Undercity 2, they are actually having more interaction with the terrain.
You can have flooding happen.
So also seven new zones.
Like Uldum, Mount Hyjal, and the Sunken City, which is an undersea zone, so you get underwater
mounts and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
Twilight Highlands, and Deepholm.
Sounds very dwarfy in name.
So all the rumors we heard about last week were essentially true.
Yeah.
It's a new profession, archaeology.
Oh, so you can be your Indiana Jones, but a goblin.
You know what, that actually would be enough to have me try it out.
The archaeology edition.
Really?
Yeah, because I'd really like to see how something like that would enhance your character.
It's been a while since I've played, but honestly though, I'm sticking with RO.
I don't know if this is enough to get me back to WoW.
I guess I have to see it when the expansion comes out.
Never say never.
I said I would never go back to Final Fantasy XI, and I did for a month, so whatever.
But you know, I do think it's interesting because they've been talking about revamping
old Azeroth for a long time, and now they're going to do it and make you pay for it.
But I mean, to be fair, it does sound like they're doing a lot to it, and from what I
understand, even the free players, or I shouldn't say free players, but even those without the
expansion will still get some of those benefits because Azeroth is going to change basically
to accommodate this new expansion.
So it's interesting.
I do think some of the other things that they've talked about briefly, like the guild leveling
and the guild charts and so forth, it will probably lead to more guild drama, but I do
find it interesting.
Well, there is some other stuff.
There's a little bit more as far as the racial abilities for the new races.
For Worgen, you can switch between human and Worgen form instantaneously at will.
You have Dark Flight, which increases movement speed by 70% for 10 seconds with a 3 minute
cooldown.
Viciousness, you have Flare, and then Goblins are basically like the Ferengi of the Horde.
They're the businessmen.
Makes sense.
Yeah, that's a good comparison.
So you can...
There's actually a...
You kind of look like Qwark too.
A skill called...
I wonder if you can give them Umax.
You know where...
Anyway.
I wonder if they can make me a warp core breach.
Do they have the lobes for business?
God, it's so nerdy.
But Best Deals Anywhere is one of their skills.
Better Living Through Chemistry, which increases Alchemy skill by 15 points.
And I like Time is Money.
So it increases attack and casting speed by 1%.
The Archeology skill gives you the ability to excavate hidden items in ruins.
You can do research notes that let you unlock new abilities for the Path of the Titans character
progression.
So go flip that whip.
I think personally as a WoW player, I think Goblins are annoying.
I would never want to play as one.
I was disappointed to hear that.
Well the...
For other stuff going on with that, with the new dungeons, I actually have the level list
up for the 5-man dungeons.
You know, I don't want to say 5-man, I'm going to say 5-character dungeons.
That works for me.
Or a party of 5.
Or Sentai.
Ahhhh.
Anyway.
Grim Battle is 85.
Skywall is 80-82.
Abyssal Maw is 80-83 and an 82-84.
Deep Home is 80-83.
Uldum is 83-84 and an 85.
Blackrock Caverns for level 85.
And then they do 5-person versions of 2 of the older dungeons.
The Deadmines has a level 85 version and Shadowfang Keep.
Also new...
And for those that don't know, those are some beloved old school instances from original
WoW.
And then for new raids, 2 of them have been revealed.
One is the Firelands, and one of them is called Nefarian's Throne Room, which features Blackwing
Lairs and Boss Nefarian, hence the name Har Har.
I do think it's interesting, this whole heroic Deadmines thing, because if you play original
Deadmines at the level you're supposed to be playing Deadmines at, it takes forever.
So it's going to be interesting to see if they scale it back so Deadmines does not take
as long to get through, or if it's still going to be like an epic 4 hour run.
Well they're also putting in, with the 3.3 patch, there's a panel that's cross-server
LFG for 5-man dungeons, so you can get more people together to do.
They're also...
That's needed, actually.
There's also new race combinations available now.
You have Human Hunter, Orc Mage, Night Elf Mage, Blood Elf Warrior, Dwarf Shaman, Dwarf
Mage, Undead Hunter, Tauren Paladin, Tauren Priest, Gnome Priest, and Troll Druid.
There's a stat overhaul, the stats are being simplified.
So you have your spell power, MP5 armor penetration, all of that's gone.
It's really just a whole bunch of them, it's actually all up on the WoW page.
For other class changes, just look on the panel on your thing, it's all there.
Flying mounts are available in Azeroth, so you can fly around all you want to.
And thank heavens.
You have your guild progression, they actually have a numerical method now.
You have rated Battlegrounds, new PvP changes, a bunch of other crap.
And a bunch of other stuff that I personally don't care about.
It sounds like it's going to be a pretty good expansion, a good swift kick in the pants
to the game.
That's one thing Blizzard likes to do, they really like to change that game up.
That game is nothing like it used to be, you know what I mean?
I think that that's, honestly, the whole point that I see with that is, this is how, going
through their head, well, people get tired of the same old, same old, same old, same
old.
You know, people are going to leave when they get bored with it.
Well, why not give them no excuse to get bored, why not make something new?
However, the thing that bored me was the way the game plays in general, and the fact that
there's a bunch of idiots playing it, so that's still not enough to- I mean, I would like
to-
You probably have to find the right click to play with.
I would like to check it out.
You know, I think I might consider looking at it.
You know, I certainly haven't installed World of Warcraft on this computer, and I still
have my account, you know.
It might be worth it for me to check out, but certainly not until I'm, you know, healed
up enough to be able to play a game that requires a keyboard.
And we'll see.
I have other MMOs I want to check out for now.
Please play R.O. with me.
I want to look at Aion, Aion's out next month, I'm definitely going to pick that up.
I want to play that.
It's out next month, you should.
Check it out.
Aion-
Star Trek!
And then Star Trek next year, and Final Fantasy XIV.
Yeah.
No, some of the gameplay video came out for that from Gamescom, ho ho ho ho ho.
That looks sweet.
Did you see it?
Doesn't it look sweet?
Uh huh.
I am sorry, but I am all over Final Fantasy XIV.
Star Trek!
Because I have to-
That looks great.
I have to make the O.L.A.rian, and I've already started picking races that I want to make
the O.L.A.rians from.
Well you go on with your bad self.
They're going to be orange.
Alright, let's move on with more gaming news.
Well speaking of something that leaked out way early anyways, the PS3 Slim has finally
been announced.
Oh my god, didn't know that was coming.
But yes, it is coming out and oddly enough, or I guess it's not really odd at all, but
you remember all those box shots and stuff that were being leaked out and that kind of
stuff?
Yeah, those were all authentic.
So, the new Slim system is 30% smaller, or actually 33% smaller, 36% lighter, and uses
34% less power.
It comes with a 120GB hard drive, and of course, at the new price of $299, and that is actually
going to be released supposedly in the first week of September, but you know, according
to Gamestop, it's actually supposed to be coming out next week, or as early as next
week, but basically we'll be replacing the 80GB system and the 160GB system that they
had out already.
Which just goes to prove that whenever you try to put out a cease and desist, you're
only validating the material.
Yep, and on top of all this, they dropped the 80GB system to $299 as well, and they
also dropped the 160GB system to $399, which begs the question, why the hell did you do
that?
At least in that order.
I mean, they totally don't get it.
Why would you drop the price of those two systems?
I understand to clear them out.
That's fine.
That makes perfect sense.
But then you announce the new system at the same time.
Okay, great, so now I have these new Slim 120GB systems in my store with 80GB systems that
are the same price.
Duh!
Am I going to buy the new system?
Does it have a larger hard drive for the same price?
Yeah, I think I will.
And at the same time, would you really spend an extra $100 for an extra 40GB on your hard
drive?
Probably not.
So you've just rendered those two other systems completely useless.
Maybe they'll bundle in a game or a movie?
They bundle in a game.
They bundle in the first Uncharted with the first one, with the 160GB system.
But really, is that still worth the extra?
You're basically paying for the game and then a little bit extra for the hard drive, so
that's not really a good deal anyways.
And you can probably buy Uncharted for cheap anyways.
Yeah, I don't know all that.
There's also been a discovery, apparently when they were registering the Slim, I guess,
with the FCC and all this, you know, trademarks and that kind of stuff, they were using false
business names.
I guess Sand Dollar Enterprise, some fictitious businesses.
Thank you Sony, now you have been found out and people are going to be looking for that
crap now.
So, and they did, and they now found that there's also been an FCC, I guess, filing
for another SKU that's going to be with a 250GB hard drive, so that's probably coming
later on.
So, great!
Now we know that there's a larger hard drive system coming out later on, why the hell are
we going to, you know, if you're really not in a hurry to buy a system, you'll probably
want to wait.
Well, this other one might be more money too.
It probably will be.
Plus, I still don't really know, what do I put on this hard drive?
All those games installs, because, you know, most of the games that are released now on
BluRay do require an install because their drive is slow.
And the other thing too, in case you're wondering, the system did get rid of the alternative
operating system install as well, so if you're thinking about installing Linux on this Slim
system, you are dead wrong, that will be happening.
So uh...
They'll find a way.
So way to go, Sony, removing features from your system as well now.
We know they're going to find a way, the Linux community is stubborn.
Plus, how many people really, honestly, are getting the Playstation 3 to install Linux
on it?
And it's not like the fat ones are hard to find.
It's only offering them a challenge now.
I mean, seriously, I mean, people may have been okay with not doing it because, you know,
it's readily available now, but the thing is, why would you remove that?
I understand that you don't need to necessarily do that, but really, did that cost anything
to them?
No?
Not really?
Oh, the other funny thing too is it takes two seconds longer to boot up each time, for
whatever reason.
Strange.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Maybe it must be some of the new chips they're using or something.
It's the new firmware.
Ah.
Well, speaking of the new firmware, that is coming out soon, 3.0 Firmware is going to
be doing a total revamp at the cross-media bar, and adding a new What's New section.
It's replacing the information board, and I guess now, whenever you start your PS3,
you're going to get this interactive Playstation news, whatever that means.
It'll actually be under the Playstation Network icon, and you can see the latest game, video,
Playstation Network news release in some type of animated format.
I'm assuming that's like that whole, when you hover your mouse over, or not the mouse,
but you know what I mean, when you have the thing in place, you can kind of see in the
background, some of the stuff, except now you can interact with that background, if
that makes sense at all.
Also, a status indicator is coming.
This will be located in the top right corner of your Playstation 3.
It'll show your user icon that you have, however many friends that you have that are online,
and also, most importantly, a little mail indicator if you have any new messages.
So, that's pretty cool.
Also, we'll have a little scrolling tick bar with the latest news from PSN, which I think
they already kind of have.
So, that'll just be adapted into this new status indicator.
Also, apparently, now when you hit the PS button, no longer will the battery life indicator
sit right on top of the clock.
You know what's kind of cool, though, is those new dynamic themes that they have.
Have you seen those?
They're animated themes now, that you can have in the background, so like they have
a little big planet one where the Sackboy's running on, you know, a planet.
And I guess you also now have premium avatars, they're saying.
Animated avatars.
Like your little icons that you have?
Yeah, we'll be animated now.
Interesting.
The friends list is getting also reformatted.
Shortcuts to the Playstation store, because naturally they want to make it easier for
you to buy stuff, and apparently a big change coming to trophies.
With 3.0 firmware, game developers will now be able to modify how trophies are displayed
for add-on content.
So apparently you still have the list combined when you're looking at the Playstation network
or what have you, but I guess the developers have the freedom to use subcategories and
all this stuff.
Could be interesting.
Well, that's cool.
Did it add a trophy room that they promised us years ago for this thing?
Yeah, but that was a home update, wasn't it?
Well, yeah.
But still.
Where's my trophy room?
I'm just kind of curious what ever happened to that.
I guess they had some big problems, I don't know.
Oh, I know what it is.
Let's promise and then wait to deliver.
Sg100Matt in our chat room, chat.orangelandradio.com asks an interesting question about Playstation.
Why is it that with each new incuration of the PS3, it keeps losing features?
It's lost backwards compatibility, flash card reader, fewer USB slots, and now the inability
to install an OS onto it.
Is it just me, or shouldn't a console evolve with each new SKU?
From the looks of it, it's devolving so much that we will lose controller support in two
years.
Obviously, that part was sarcastic.
They're dropping stuff out of the system to cut the cost of the system because that's
the only way they can drop it to $299 without losing $500 or whatever on each system.
But I thought backwards compatibility was all software based now.
And it's not the whole PS2 in your PS3 like it was at the beginning.
I thought so too, but for whatever reason, maybe licensing.
I can't imagine it would be licensing though because Linux is free.
I mean it's not even really, I mean you don't even have to...
You're buying, or you're not really buying, you're downloading Linux anyways off the internet
and installing it to it.
It's not like it's already there or something like that.
Alright, we got one more story from Jamie, then we're gonna get into some release dates.
Um, I got a pony.
There's my story.
No, I'm kidding.
Congrats.
Um, well you know me, a big comic book nerd.
Well this is news that makes me particularly happy as long as they get good comics.
There's a digital comic reader that's gonna be on the PSP in December.
They actually are working with Marvel to have hundreds of comics available, which is actually,
it really goes in along with what Marvel's been doing lately with their digital comics
and their motion comic that they've been doing lately.
So um, but this is pretty cool.
You get also Archie and Image comics and um, but they're not saying though if it's gonna
be a free upgrade or if it's something that you have to buy or if you have to buy the
comics or whatever.
I'm sure you have to buy the comics themselves.
Well I mean, you know what I mean, if you get a subscription service or something.
Oh okay.
So they haven't listed the specifics, but we should be hearing something before too
long.
What do you guys think?
Is this something as a comic book fan you uh, are really excited about, Dark Saga?
Um, well I like actually buying comics.
I mean I love going to the store and I mean I, I read a bunch of digital comics anyway,
but you know what, actually now that I think about it, I will, I don't really use our PSP
that much, but if I did, I would be interested in it because I actually have downloaded a
number of comics um, on my iPhone.
I was, I read like the first uh, three graphic novels of Bone on my uh, on my uh, iPhone
and I downloaded the uh, Star Trek uh, movie countdown, the tie-in that was supposed to
be the prequel to the events in the movie and I, I thought that was very convenient.
It was definitely cheaper than going and you know, paying three bucks for the issue.
Um, but then again, I've gone right out and I've bought the, I'm reading the, the Nero
comics about you know, the deleted scenes pretty much for what happened in the movie.
Um, it's, it's a good idea.
I think it's a good idea.
I think that a lot of people use their PSPs as a multimedia tool and I think it's going
to be a really good thing and Marvel I know would have to be behind it because they have
been pushing the whole digital comic thing, you know, pretty hardcore, so.
Um, Akdeft in our chat room says, I hope it's subscription based.
SH-2100 Matt says, what does DC Comics have to say about this?
They did make the DC Universe game PS3 exclusive and now they're supporting its competition.
But this doesn't strike me as the type of thing that DC Comics like, couldn't get in
on as well if they wanted to.
Yeah.
I, I think that, well and on top of that, you know, DC and Marvel have teamed up before,
I mean, for a number of, of things, I think that, you know, DC would have to hop in on
this and it's, it would be good for all the, the businesses and you know what I would actually
like to see, is see, um, some of the indie comic companies be included in this.
You know, um, maybe even a web comic reader.
Well, they are going to have, um, it's not just, um, Marvel though.
Well, so I said Archie and Image are involved as well, but I didn't mention anything on
DC.
I wouldn't see why DC couldn't jump in on that.
I don't know.
They're more than welcome, I guess.
Just haven't done it yet.
Hmm.
Alright, well, let's move on to some release dates before the, uh, comics get here and
we lose Dark Soccer because she'll be too busy reading them.
Alright, well, this week, um, we've got a few things coming out, um, actually some good
stuff.
The Metroid Prime Trilogy on the Wii is, uh, making its way out and of course you get three
games to the price of one there, uh, even though they've all been released before.
Uh, Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box making its way out on DS this week.
Uh, Raven Squad Hidden Dagger on Xbox 360, um, also on PC.
Cursed Mountain on the Nintendo Wii, uh, Sudoku Ball Detective on DS, also Harvest Moon Frantic
Farming on DS, kind of the sequel to Puzzle Day Harvest Moon.
Um, also this week, um, Batman Arkham Asylum making its way out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox
360, uh, Fallout 3 Broken Seal and Point Lookout available on PC and on Xbox 360, Dissidia
Final Fantasy making its way out on the PSP, which will be really awesome, Real Fishing
Angler's Dream on the Nintendo Wii, uh, this is going to be an excellent title for the
DS.
Uh, The Click, Diss, and Make Up, and of course I'm being sarcastic there, it's probably going
to really suck.
Um, same with this one, Wizards of Waverly Place, uh, based on the Disney, I don't know,
teen comedy, um, Emergency Room Real Life Rescues on the DS, um, Harvest Moon Magical
Melee being ported to the Wii, Mana Kimia 2 Fall of Alchemy getting its limited edition
on PlayStation 2, and that would be it.
Alright, let's move into some Japanese release dates, and after a couple of slow weeks, we
finally have a pretty busy week over in Japan, uh, look at the Xbox 360 Dream Club comes
out on the Xbox 360, and I'm sorry, I have to read the description of this game, uh,
it certainly does not sound like something we will be getting over here, but it looks
uh, all kinds of awesome.
Do you have a pure heart?
Welcome in.
Beautiful women are bowing at you as you sweep across the luxurious lounge, pick your favorite
hostess and drink with them to get to know them more.
You have an annual ticket to the Dream Club.
In this 365 days, enjoy the company of these ladies fully.
Earn money, plan your schedule, and improve your alcohol capacity.
Chat with the ladies to persuade them to drink with you.
They may divulge secrets about themselves if you prove to be a good conversationist
and drinker.
The ladies are not just companions, they are performers as well.
Watch them sing and dance.
The better you know them, the more songs they will perform.
Be sure to get to the club during the special event nights instead of the usual maid outfits.
The ladies will welcome you in get-ups such as yukatas and bikinis.
Have a lovely clubbing experience.
Get your VIP card today.
That game again is Dream Club from D3, and it sounds pretty fucking amazing and I want
to play it.
You know if it's D3, we may get that over here, because D3, they're, um, likely to put
out crazy shit like that over here, especially since the women in this game from the screen,
based on the screenshots, have giant boobies.
Of course.
Another game with chicks with giant boobies, also on the Xbox 360 this week, Memories Off
6 Next Relation.
Yeah, Next Relation.
Well, hopefully, she's not related if, uh, if it's Memories Are Off.
Uh, moving on to other consoles on the PlayStation 3.
Grand Theft Auto 4 gets a price reduction in Japan this week.
By the way, Fear 2 also making its way out to Japan this week.
That was also on the Xbox 360, just so you know.
Uh, also Kane & Lynch Dead Men gets a price reduction in Japan this week, but those other
two games I mentioned look to be exclusive to the Xbox 360.
However, on the Nintendo Wii, you have a game called Tamaran coming out this week from Ignition
Entertainment, and if we move on back to the PlayStation 2, there's a couple of games coming
out.
Uh, Gendai Daisenryaku Ishoku Soku Hatsu comes out this week.
I have no idea what the hell that is, but it has something to do with balance, is in
the title?
No, it looks like a war game.
Looks like, uh, looks like actually kind of like a, oh, looks like kind of like an RTS
type of strategy, it looks like a strategy command and conquer-ish type of game on the
PlayStation 2.
Uh, Memories Off 6 is getting a PlayStation 2 port.
Go figure.
Uh, Tomb Raider Anniversary and Legend to get price reductions if you never caught those
on the PlayStation 2.
On the Nintendo DS, Supa Robo Gakuen comes out this week on the Nintendo DS.
Gakuen is high school.
That Supa, so it's Robot High School, is that what this is?
Yeah, is it G-A-K-U-E-N?
Yes it is.
Yeah, that would be high school.
So yeah, looks like Robot High School is the game here, and I'm trying to look at screenshots
but can't, but it looks like a little type of a strategy type game coming out this week
on the DS.
And uh, lastly, looking at the PSP real quick, um, well you can import in Japan the English
language version of Final Fantasy Dissida if you, if you want, because obviously that's
a big game we're getting out here this week.
I do want to point out though, Soul Calibur Broken Destiny is out in Japan this week.
That is the new Soul Calibur game on PSP, so I bet we do have some hardcore Soul Calibur
fans that will want to import that.
Probably not.
We can then get that actually.
Fine.
That's going to do it for PSP releases and Japanese releases.
Well for our UK releases, on the 26th we have Invincible Tiger, The Legend of Han Tao, and
Watchmen, The End is Nigh Part 2 on Xbox 360, both of those.
On the 27th, um, for PS3 is Invincible Tiger, The Legend of Han Tao.
On the 28th we have Allied Ace Pilots on DS, Batman Arkham Asylum, Xbox 360 and PS3,
King of Fighters XII, meh, um, Might and Magic Clash of Heroes on DS, Soul Calibur Broken,
uh, Destiny on PSP, um, Supercar Challenge, and World Cup of Pool.
What is it?
World Cup of Pool?
Pool.
Oh.
Let me, let me make sure.
It makes it sound like it's a cup full of pool, but I'm, it's like chlorine flavored
water, but I'm assuming it's...
I'm a sinking cup of poo.
I'm assuming it's like a swimming game or something.
Cup of poo.
I hope.
Ew.
If it's a cup of poo.
Two girls, World Cup.
La la la la la.
Um, anyways, I don't know how to follow that.
But um, we'll talk about the PlayStation Network.
Sony, one of the things they announced while they were talking about, you know, secret
console revisions and stuff like that.
Is that they're...
This was also something that was totally not rumored to be announced at, you know, Gamescom.
But Sony introduced minis, which are byte-sized downloads, I guess, that are on the PlayStation
Network.
They're gonna be available for the PSP and the PSP Go.
And basically these titles will have 100 megabyte size limits.
They'll be exclusive to the PlayStation Network.
And basically they will start on October 1st, which is the same day that the PSP Go is really
released.
And they will apparently be less costly to develop for.
And cost less to gamers, of course.
No real prices have been announced yet.
They plan on having 15 at launch and 50 by the end of the year.
And some of the titles that they did mention were coming out include Tetris, Field Runners,
Heroes of Sparta, and Minigore.
And once again, goes back to the question, why exactly would I need a PSP Go?
Because, you know, if they had made this exclusive for the PSP Go, that might make it a little
bit worth it because then...
But if they hadn't, you would have bitched about it.
And I would have bitched about it.
We all would have bitched about it.
Because, you know, it doesn't sound like...
It's like there's no hardware feature that, you know, there's no reason these games can't
be on the original PSP.
So why not?
Exactly.
Which, you know, begs the question, why would I buy the PSP Go?
Why would anybody buy the PSP Go other than the fact that it has a sliding screen?
Is that really worth more money?
I will buy a PSP Go when the price drops.
And it won't take long.
I bet you anything it will not take long.
It may be 2010, but it won't take long.
No.
And I'll get...
When the price of the PSP Go matches the price of the PSP, which has to happen eventually,
I will buy one.
You know what they're going to do?
They're going to get rid of the original PSP.
And then they're going to make you buy that.
Of course, it's not going to happen anytime soon, because you've got, like, bundles now
for this idea.
You've got a bundle for Gran Turismo coming out in September.
You've got a bundle with Assassin's Creed coming out, you know, in November.
There's no reason that you can't find a PSP 3000.
Alpha Catanagram in chat says, I would buy a PSP Go when the price drop occurs and use
it as a belt buckle.
Actually sounds kind of awesome.
Have you ever seen those belt buckles with, like, the scrolling text on them?
And like, it gets everybody to look at your crotch?
You can order those at ThinkGeek.
I've seen those before.
The LED belt buckles.
Yeah.
Kind of cool.
Imagine having a PSP Go, like, showing a little movie on your crotch.
It'd be fun.
Which is actually footage of your crotch.
You nasty.
Which would be fun.
Well, did they ever say what's going to happen with my UMDs?
How I'm going to put my UMDs on my Go?
No, but I read a funny article by GameStop, you know, they were saying that they expect
them to be traded in.
Not that there's going to be an official program, it's just that people are going to be so,
you know, I don't know, enamored with PSP Go that they're just going to, you know, throw
all their UMDs out and re-buy the content again because they love Sony so much.
Right.
Yeah.
Well, I'm sure there are some fanboys that will, but I just don't see it being an epidemic.
No, it's, I'm sure that people would do that because, you know, obviously Sony's not giving
them a way to, and you know, my thing is that at the same time, if you do own an original
PSP system, and they may just say, you know, fuck you, you own an original PSP system,
why the hell do we need a method for you to, you know, dump your UMDs on there, just buy
new games, or, I don't know, just don't buy a new system because you have a PSP system
already.
Why would you buy another system, you idiot?
That's just my opinion there.
I don't know, yeah, I'm just still not seeing the reasons to jump ship.
The Go, though, I think is, would be good for people who don't already own.
Even then, it's not the right price.
I would say if you don't own a PSP, buy a PSP.
You don't need the PSP Go yet, there's nothing that super that it gets you unless you really
need a quiet system or something, I don't know.
And there are ways you can run stuff off your memory card even now.
I mean, no, legit ways, actually, I mean, you can still purchase all those games online
if you do want to do digital downloads, just buy your own memory card.
What do you want to bet that half of the games in this mini thing are virtual console rehashes,
you know, old games sold yet again, Galaga on my PSP?
They already have PlayStation Network games that are, you know, independent titles.
They're like PlayStation Network games, like Super Stardust and stuff like that.
How's that any different?
Okay, the file sizes are smaller, they're gonna be cheaper, whoop the shit, okay?
Just make them cheaper and make the file sizes smaller.
You don't need to necessarily make it a whole new category of games, I guess if you want
to draw more attention to the PSP or something, you can do that, which is what they did, but
I don't know.
Making something cheaper and, you know, cheaper to develop for doesn't really, I don't know,
doesn't really warrant them putting another bullet point in their system, I guess.
Well, one more story for you guys before we get to the classic game of the week, and I
want to talk about a classic band, of course, the Beatles.
Rumor was this week that a SingStar version of the Beatles was going to be coming out
around the time that the Beatles rock band was coming out, and it turns out, I guess
that was a British gaming outlet that reported the whole SingStar Beatles coming out, but
it is not true.
MTV Games and Harmonics came out this week and said, nope, we have the exclusive rights
to create music games based on the Beatles.
They have an exclusive partnership with Apple Core Limited, so there will be no SingStar
Beatles.
So why this rumor then?
Apparently they are thinking about a version of the Beatles rock band that would be the
game, and only microphones.
So basically it would be a singing version of the game, no instruments.
Beatles karaoke revolution.
Well, it's still rock band, it's just a singing version of it, so you don't have the instruments,
you just have the singing parts.
To be fair, you know, again, it's about options, it goes back to what we were talking about
earlier in the show, it's just another way to buy the game, and you know what, there
are some people that don't really want all those plastic instruments.
And I could see this really being aimed at the Beatles fans who are wanting to have the
game, but they don't want all this plastic instrument crap in their house.
Those people are communists.
But I understand.
I'm kidding.
It might be a small audience, but it's an audience, and certainly they want to sell
this game to as many people as possible.
That's true.
Or perhaps you already own all the instruments and everything and you just want some extra
microphones so you can do your three part harmonies.
This is actually a certainly plausible outcome as well.
So no singing star Beatles, but you know, hey, rock band Beatles, it's not like it looks
that bad or anything.
It looks pretty awesome, actually.
I'm really looking forward to it.
And if they are planning on releasing this, they sure as hell haven't told anyone yet.
Well, this might also only be in Britain.
Keep in mind, all this news is coming out of Europe, so it may not be something that's
actually planned here, but it might be just planned over there, so who knows?
Yeah.
So it's that time of the show where we're going to take a trip down History Lane and
take a look at gaming's past and take a trip into the vault and find a game that Dark Soccer
thinks you kids ought to be playing right the hell now.
So Dark Soccer, what is the Classic Game of the Week?
The Classic Game of the Week is Silfied for Sega CD.
It actually originally came out in Japan on the PC-8801 in 1986, and then the Mega CD
version came out, which of course was the Sega CD over here.
They've actually made a ton of improvements over the PC-88 version.
Instead of just having the static background, the background for each level is full motion
video with a polygon overlay for all the ships and asteroids and everything coming at you.
And it's a really, really good game.
There was an FM7 version that was also released, and it came out in the US for PC, but that
was put up by Sierra Online.
At any rate, it was actually a competitor with Star Fox for the day, except Star Fox
was all fully rendered on the cartridge, and like I said, this had a full motion video
background, and it still is a traditional kind of shooter.
Honestly though, graphically it was better, but it didn't have that innovative feel to
it that Star Fox did.
So yeah, terrorists take over the earth, and we get these cool ships, we get to shoot people
in the end.
I did have a sequel, which was Silphed The Lost Planet, which was a PS2 game.
And then Project Silphed was actually a spiritual successor, not really a game in the series.
A little bit of trivia about Silphed 2 is that there was a monster in Yu-Gi-Oh that's
called Silphed, and in Mahoro-Matic there's actually a jetpack that Mahoro used that's
called the Silphed.
And then in BlazBlue, Silphed is the name of Rachel Alucard's drive.
This game also has one of the best intros ever.
It's really one that you have to watch and listen to, and the other thing that I really
dig about this one, as opposed to the original version of it, is as you're flying through
the level, you get radio feedback, you know, from the rest of the fleet.
Like in Star Fox.
No, it's not quite the same.
In Star Fox, it's your, like, if you go back earlier in that file, we'll play a little
bit of it, it's a little different.
There we go.
It does have really good music, too.
I heard it yelling.
There you go.
Yeah, and see, as in Star Fox, the way it's going, the way it's going, the way it's going,
the way it was, is that it was your squadron, your formation of ships, you know, you had
your partners, and this is, you're getting, like, have you ever, alright, I know this
is kind of old school, but have you ever listened to just CB channels?
Back in the day, yeah.
When you can hear the other conversations going on, you're hearing the communications
going up from the fleet, because, like, you know, look at it in a realistic sense.
If you were part of the squadron, and orders went out, or feedback went out, or some sort
of announcement, it may not be necessarily directed to you, but you're still gonna hear
it.
Do people still use CB?
Yes, actually.
Wow.
Um, well, trackers do, um, but if you see, though, in that sense, then it actually adds
a sense of realism to the game.
And for the record, in, in terms of, if you're traveling with people, like, and you're in
separate vehicles, having a CB is actually very good for areas that you're in that you'll
lose, uh, cell reception.
Plus cell cost minutes, anyway.
Not always.
But, um, but at any rate, you know, I think it's a fantastic game.
Alright, so there it is, Silpheed.
Silpheed.
At least I didn't say Slipheed.
Alright.
I got people used to do that all the time, too.
Your classic game of the week, not the newer one that came out on 360.
This is the, uh, old school one on Saturn.
Well, the sequel, though, is PS2.
Huh.
I think I played that one.
I think I played that one.
I think I have it somewhere.
And, and for the record, they were talking about Policenauts earlier.
I came very close to using Policenauts as, uh, the classic game.
You know, we're gonna get into a story about Policenauts later, but I'll, uh, I'll leave
that for later.
Oh, I didn't mean to.
No, that's alright.
It's a Twitter thing, so it's gonna come up later.
Yeah.
Alright.
Alright, speaking of Twitter, we'll get into Twitter topics right after a little bit of
a break.
We are gonna take a break, though, here in studio to do, uh, cover more.
Um, actually, we take the break, though, to, uh, you know, get energized.
To pee.
To pee.
To, uh, maybe order pizza.
We'll see.
Mmm, Becky's bringing me tacos.
We can do all that.
Oh, lucky.
But, I was going to offer to you on the air, guys, do you want me to make you guys pizza?
Oh, that's actually okay.
I probably shouldn't, cause I had, I had a big ol' crepe earlier today.
I have organic mushroom and black olive pizzas.
That does sound kinda good.
I also have, um, plain cheese pizzas.
Maybe.
No, I don't want any unless you're gonna have some.
Dude, if I make pizza, I can just have it for lunch tomorrow.
Hi.
We'll see.
Alright.
My man, by the way, is not here, so I am gonna be going stir crazy.
So people will be seeing me at IRC.
Whee!
Alright.
We're gonna take a break.
We'll be back with more of Orange Launch Radio right after this.
We have plenty more to talk about in Part B tonight, including our rapid fire news and,
uh, talk about, um, a new interesting achievement on Xbox 360 for killing 1,000 children in
a game and, uh, a possible revamp of DSiWare and, uh, a Final Fantasy game you will probably
never ever see.
We will talk about all of that in Part B after a quick break, so stay tuned here on Orange
Launch Radio.
And welcome back, everybody, to Orange Launch Radio, episode number 335 for this Sunday,
August 23rd, 2009.
Of course, we are taping live on All Games Radio.
Our friends over there let us steal their bandwidth every Sunday night, so come join
in the fun!
There's, uh, programming such as the Bobby Black Wolf Show also on Sunday nights, the
tapes with us, and there's, of course, programming on All Games Radio throughout the week.
And, um, you can take All Games in your pocket with you everywhere you go if you're an iPhone
owner.
There's an All Games Radio app available on the store, which is actually pretty cool.
I gotta give kudos to whoever wrote it, because what I like about it is that it actually shows
a little picture of, uh, like the video game that song, that song is playing, uh, not always
during our show, because our tags during the break aren't standardized, but, uh, like,
and when we're on the air, it actually shows a little picture, our little Orange Launch
Radio album art while we're actually live, which I think is kinda cool.
So, uh, kudos to whoever wrote that application, I know somebody at the All Games staff did
that, so, good job.
Hopefully we see something like it for other phones and other platforms soon, who knows,
I don't know how, uh, how easy other things are to develop for.
But I do know we have a PSP website.
I don't think there's a lot of-
That never gets updated!
Not, we should work on that, I just paid to have our domain names extended a couple, uh,
actually this past week.
I paid something like 60 bucks to extend OrangeLaunchRadio.com and OLRPSP.com for two years, because I use
the, um, anonymous things, I don't want my address out there on the internet, but, uh,
yeah, so, uh, it costs me a little more money since I do that, but, you know, whatever.
I still have a OLR-We, but I haven't done anything with that.
Do you?
Yeah.
And we need, like, an OLRPS3.com or something like that.
Yeah, maybe.
We'll see one these days.
I'll work on it someday.
You know, if you're interested in helping us build websites and develop, you wanna,
for that, we pay great, nothing.
But pat on the back and job well done.
Eventually.
It just, I don't know.
Well, we're gonna get back into some gaming news here in a little bit, but I do wanna
mention, actually we're gonna get into Twitter topics in a minute, but I do wanna mention
before we get to Twitter topics tonight, um, I wanna mention, I went to Dave & Buster's
yesterday, which is a place I have not been for a while, and, uh, you know, if you haven't
been to Dave & Buster's, it's like, I guess there's another chain on the East Coast called
Jillian's.
It's very similar to it as well.
Um, it's kind of like Chuck E. Cheese, but for adults, because there's an open bar.
But oh my God, the bar's a ripoff.
Do you know how much a drink cost me at Dave & Buster's?
I ordered a Malibu and pineapple.
You know how much that cost me?
Uh, seven bucks.
Seven fifty.
Damn close.
Six fifty.
That's what it got.
And after I left a tip, really, it's seven fifty.
Because I always tip.
Well, you know, though, I used to go for my birthday every year, and...
I miss that.
And between everyone who bought me drinks and buying drinks for myself, I would probably
easily go through about seventy dollars worth of liquor.
You've seen me do it.
Yep.
Good times, though.
It's basically gambling for tickets.
But I have on my card eight thousand five hundred tickets, which is almost enough for
me to get a free Xbox 360 game.
It's nine thousand tickets for an Xbox 360 game.
I have eighty five hundred tickets.
Now, what's interesting also about Dave & Buster's, the reason why I want to bring it up.
They were actually, um, had for sale a little like, I hadn't seen this, like a little table
top arcade cabinet.
Not a full size arcade cabinet, but a table top arcade cabinet.
It was some type of Namco twenty fifth anniversary thing.
Yeah.
So it was Pac-Man, Ms. Pac-Man, and Galaga were all on it.
They wanted a hundred and ninety five thousand tickets for that thing.
That's like three thousand dollars in real money.
They're, trust me, they're not really that expensive.
I was going to say.
Dang.
Probably a few hundred bucks, that's it.
You could build one cheaper.
Probably.
But it did look pretty cool.
I was kind of curious to get one, but whatever.
It was fun.
Um, we have some questions in chat room.
Um, I can't pronounce this name, but T-O-A-G-A-C. Toagak wants to know, where is this PSP radio
app?
We haven't talked about the radio app in a while, but we do have a radio app that will
work on your PSP, right, Logie?
Yeah.
It works on, um, the actual PSP, O-O-L-R PSP site, you can download it.
It's basically, um, something that you replace your, or it's a radio player, you just install
it to your memory stick, where you would put your radio players, I think there's a guide
on there somewhere, um, to do that, and once you do that, it will connect to a website,
and you can literally listen to the all-game stream, um, straight from your PSP, just like
you would, you know, the stations, and there's some RSS feeds and stuff, and I hope it still
works correctly, because I know they've changed their website since then, I used to pull stuff
off the all-game site, so God knows, because I haven't used my PSP in a long time, but,
um...
I think it still works.
The stream's still in the same place, that's the important part, right?
The stream's still in the same place, yes, but like, some of the stuff that I've made
for it, because it was all fancy-looking.
So it may be a little broken, but it'll still get you the stream, so you can listen to us
on the iPhone on the all-games app, you can listen to us on the PSP on the O-L-R app,
you're covered.
One way or another.
Alright, uh, Twitter topics tonight, every night we invite you guys, we need a theme
song for Twitter topics, I don't have anything, I'll have to think about that for next week.
Like, Conan O'Brien has a little theme song for his Twitter segment.
You know what, you should do, um...
I don't know, yeah, it's...
Rislem.
I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know.
I was picking something up.
I'm not picking something up next time.
Alright, in the meantime, don't call me during the show, why are my parents calling me during
the show?
You should use the beep, you should use that beep.
What beep?
That beep-beep should be the theme for Twitter topics?
Alright, yeah
We have I'm not reading the name in chat cuz they're all naming themselves immature names
But I see Twitter tracker Twitter tracker Twitter tracker. That's what the from the Tonight Show by the way change your names to something more mature
I'm not reading black cock all right
Let's see you haven't had that in a while Twitter topics tonight. We'll start with them
ray
Ayanami wants us to talk about raystorm HD and not just because his name is in it, but apparently there is a new game coming out called
Raystorm HD. This is a remake possibly of an old-school title game
apparently they
It appeared on partner net that's where they saw it partner net is Xbox's little testing grounds for us
Let's talk about partner net somebody did ooh, so there it is raystorm HD. I don't remember the first one very well is this
I I almost feel like I should bring it up on YouTube and look at a clip of this does anyone know the game Jamie
Do you know raystorm if it has to do with what was a ray crisis?
Then I think so
Hold on I'm bringing up some of the gameplay here in studio, so I can check this out
Oh, this is like a punch. Yeah. Yeah, that's exactly it okay fun series
So if you shmup fans all right well the graphics of nice
Major targeting and this is an arcade game originally wasn't it I?
Don't remember, but I've got I've got all kinds of versions of that series
Is that a vertical game that looks like a vertical the graphics are kind of rad for something this old school
I imagine it has to be an arcade game
I might have to check that game out that looks kind of cool. I don't know much about it, but I like a little clip
I'm seeing you could probably borrow ours
Cool, all right. Uh let's see moving on
Take array wants to know to KO ray. Sorry wants to know
Would the ol army be interested in raising money for extra life?
I hope you can discuss this tonight, and then gave me a link and this is kind of interesting. It's a
A fundraiser that's going on called extra life
And they're calling it a 24-hour gaming marathon to fund pediatric cancer research and treatment
And I guess this is taking place on October 17th of this year
And they're trying to get all these sites to come together to raise money for this
Extra life charity, and it's to raise money for pediatric cancer which sounds like a great cause honestly
It's going to be 8 a.m.. On October 17th, and they have all these groups participating
I guess our tech sarcastic gamer
I've not listened to that show, but I've seen their thing on iTunes
This part of this
Destructoid is apparently on board as well limit break radio. I guess they'll probably be doing a Final Fantasy 11 marathon
Wants to know if we could come on board as well um
Maybe I don't want to commit to something if I can't give it a hundred percent
But I think it's a great cause and I think if we don't do it ourselves
We'll have to support somebody else doing it, but I don't know what do you guys think gaming marathon?
October 17th could we do it probably 24 hours worth of games?
Obscure fucking vault games would be the theme of our marathon. I don't think anybody else could do that I
Think that would be good and to keep the the continuation going
We'll have a different systems hooked up to that
While one systems going we can switch games to a new one and just pass a controller over so that we don't have a lull
I'm playing maybe like a new game every hour or something works for me
So I figured out because I don't know if we could do that here because it might be just adventure marathon
It might be too small of a space here. We might have to do it at the
Room, but maybe I don't know if we could get all this stuff
I think because there's also that the weather should be better
We could always go back to the garage
But we'll see if we do it on the big TV though we can actually put up a cam footage without it
Without a
refresh hmm
Because you've seen me take pictures off of my TV. I Loki would you be willing to do it too?
Could we do this for 24 hours you do it? I have HD capture stuff now mm-hmm, so I could capture
Once I figure something out we let's you I don't want to commit to we're 100% sure we can give it our all
But we are interested
I think we've been talking about doing a gaming marathon for a long time so it'd be fun to get in on something like this
with some other podcasts and things like that and certainly the causes is
Great, so we want to help I still I still though wanted
you know along the same lines want to do a
a
Classic game segment every week too. You know I think we should do nothing, but classic games like we should just do obscure
Fuck I'm not talking about for that. I'm talking about
You know us having a classic gaming. No like on YouTube or something. Yeah, might be fun
I don't know if you guys have some ideas I get in touch with us mailbag at orange launch ready calm
I'd be curious what you guys think would be fun for the marathon, so we'll see um so
Thanks for the heads up on that
I'm not sure I'll have to read a little more in that website about who we contact for more information
But if you're out there listening, please get in touch with us mailbag at orange launch rated calm because I think
That could be fun
Tweet from act deft to our Twitter, or wants us to mention the police knots English localization apparently there is a fan
Translation of police knots that was finished now this game of course was out on the PlayStation 1
It was also on the Sega Saturn and get this the 3do and what makes this game notable is that it was a Hideo?
Kojima game that was the the thing that made this game notable
I don't know a whole lot about this game, but it looks like kind of a very cutscene heavy game
Which is no surprise at all because it was a Hideo Kojima game, but it also looked like a point
Yeah, it's like a point-and-click game like it's like a shadow gate or deja vu kind of game, right?
What's point-and-click game so it has but it never came out in English, but the fans got together and translated it
And it's a patch that you can apply to your
Rom, I'm supposing of police knots. I don't know what version it is
That they patched I'm assuming it's got to be the ps1
That's probably the easiest one, but there you go, so if you want to check out police knots you can do that now
In a completely non-legit way well
I mean if you actually own the import game
And you make a copy of it dump your own copy of it with whatever programs out there, and you patch it with this yeah
You probably know that most people aren't going to do this all right that are downloading this or probably getting it illegally
But I know what it's the game is 13 years old, and I say if they if they cared that much about it
They would have translated to English 13 years ago
Obviously they don't care at this point. Nope. They don't care so
There you go all right all right the dark soccer. I think is like digging it out of the vault right now
so
And act F2 says in chat right now that I think it's the ps1 version so there you go
Um a couple more quick Twitter topics technicolor with the three wants to know what are our thoughts on the halo 3 o DST
Tour truck thing going around the country right now. I wonder if they have one of those at the state fair
They had Rock Band 2 there last year. It's only going game stops. Oh is it yeah?
I guess if you want to check out the game is certainly a good way to do it
No publicity is gonna be bad publicity in that regard. It's like a little slice e3 in your backyard
It's only a few more weeks away. I was like a month away. I mean is that close. Yeah, it's coming on 22nd
September interesting I don't know any okay
Play halo 3 there. There's a good impression on what halo DST is gonna be like I mean really they haven't changed too much
I mean yeah, you're playing you know the shock trooper
But and it's not the scales been kind of dropped down a little bit, but I don't know
It's not like it's like night and day gameplay. I think
Hmm all right well last more Twitter topics tiger claw 305 says Blizzard is planning a pseudo land support for Starcraft 2 and possibly
Diablo 3 and links us to a story
Talking about I there was a quote in here. I wanted to read
where
The interviewer and this is from Shaq news.com asked the developer if they were possibly working on a solution
That would be like a pseudo land connection where the game will check in with battle net to authenticate
And then it'll go back to acting like a LAN and they replied something like that
Maintaining a connection with battle.net
I don't know if it's once or periodically
But then also having a peer-to-peer connection between players to facilitate a very low ping high bandwidth connection
So those are the things that they're working on so a bit of an olive branch to the community. Maybe I don't know
Hopefully I would think this type of thing was probably always planned
But they they're gonna want the regular pings to battle.net to make sure the game is legit
You know because if they only pinged at once somebody would figure out a way to patch that they're gonna figure out a way to patch
It anyways it doesn't matter
I think I think the planners are gonna have to give the concession that they're gonna have to attach to battle net to give this
Game, but they'll at least not have to play through battle net because that would suck if battle net goes down your whole game is fucked
Right so yeah, hopefully there'll be some type of a concession there SB. Hale tweets us and says
$300 ps3 definitely not an under-the-radar story, but for those of us Xbox 360
And we owners do you feel there's a need to own all three consoles besides the fact that the ps3 is a blu-ray player of course
I've yet to find a good reason why I shouldn't pick one up at that price
Hmm well you know the golden rule of gaming here at orange lounge radio
Is that a system is only as good as the games that are on it the interesting thing about the PlayStation though?
As a console is that you also have that added blu-ray in so you do I mean whether?
You know you say besides that or not you have to factor that in a little bit to your decision
But I think the question is really going to be
It does what the PlayStation 3 offer
As far as exclusive games and things you can't get on your Xbox 360 is that what you want?
Do you want games like little big planet?
Do you want mag do you want you know some of the Final Fantasy 14?
And some of these games that are PlayStation 3 exclusive is that worth the $300 to you if so then yeah?
You got to get one if not right now
Then you can stand away a little bit
But also don't discount the other features of the PlayStation 3 the fact that it is a pretty good media device as well
You know that it does have home if that's something that interests you and the whole fact that you can have that the online movie
Store which has some different offerings than the Xbox 360 does if that you know the HD movies and all that are important to you
I think you have to consider all of that
But in the end if you're getting everything that you possibly need out of gaming on your 360 then no you don't need a ps3
but if there's something that the ps3 offers you that you need and
It I will say it's a hell of a lot quieter
Then go for it
But if you oh by the way if you don't have an HDTV though, there's no point in getting blu-ray it really isn't but
I'm assuming you probably are an HDTV owner and
Zebun Chow wants to point out Final Fantasy 14 is gonna be on the PC too. That's a good point
So you know and that may be where most people want to play it and there we go Dark Sakura found her copy of police
Nauts on the PlayStation 1
There it is. I wish we had webcam in this studio, but we don't know well
But it's definitely all in Japanese. You won't put down the website the pics orange lounge radio. All right, there we go
One more and sorry if we didn't get to all the tweets tonight, but Matt OS
I can't say his last name. It says this j100 Matt Matt
Ostrowski, I think says interesting story about a company that is close to making the first ps3 mod chip
Who could a mod chip be coming soon to the PlayStation 3? Have you heard about this?
Loki, no, but that would be a pain in the ass to burn stuff on to
You know blu-ray and stuff blu-ray discs are really expensive and that's like, you know
almost 50 gigs of data
But I know for a fact that every every single PlayStation 3 game that comes out is being dumped
So, you know just in case for whatever happened, you know, whatever they do come up with a mod chip
Well, apparently it's a mod chip that's gonna happen and it's called the bells are chip and it works on all models all regions
Direct boot of ps3 original import and backup games direct boot of ps2 original important backup games
I'm assuming that means only if your console plays ps2 games does multi region blu-rays multi region DVDs
No configuration disk needed. It's a transparent stealth operation. They call it no USB interface
It's up-to-date only 12 wires to solder
solder yeah, sorry solder
tempting
Yeah, but still you have to solder and what if what if they fix it with a patch that's gonna you're gonna be screwed because
That thing's hardwired to your system. My Wii is
Soldered and it has a soldered in mod chip. I'm not worried about it because you get that that thing has an on-off switch, huh?
Yeah, but I don't use it. Hmm. It's always on I mean they have it just in case
And it's only really have them been updated once and really I don't need the on-off switch on there
that's just an optional thing you can install in there and
I
mean worst case scenario if for whatever reason this decided, you know, they broke it or something or they
You know disable the chip. You can always clip those wires that you solder. Hmm. Yes, that's true. I am interested
Well, there's a whole thing on Twitter. Look at the you the tweets to olr ask as I share 100 Mac
Cuz he opposed so much. All right
Huh, I don't know I didn't see on that site. So check it out. All right
If you want to tweet us a story that's we like stuff that's under the radar because obviously you knew this week
We were gonna talk about Wow cataclysm. You knew we were gonna talk about the ps3 slim
But usually the stuff that might fall off the radar
We definitely want you to bring to our attention on Twitter or any topics you want us to discuss
Keep an eye out Sundays a couple hours before we go live. I usually put a shout out on there
All right. Let's get into some rapid-fire news Loki. You're gonna need just you need to stop reading tweets
By the way, the first picture is up
Oh the police knots game and that's what an orange lounge radio.com in our picture gallery, right? Cool. I've been waiting
I'm ready to go. All right, Loki rapid-fire news. All right, Robin. You may remember that Sega had a
You know a survey asking what should be the next game that they published on Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network and we were well
Earthworm Jim won that however
they had to pull Earthworm Jim because
Unfortunately interplay at the same time also announced that they're making a new Earthworm Jim game for PlayStation Network
We were an Xbox Live Arcade as well as mobile platforms. So
New Earthworm Jim coming, but there's still another Xbox Live Arcade Genesis poll. So
You'll have to see who wins that I think currently right now
Toe jam and Earl was winning that one
Um
There is a rumor that
Looks like Canada will be getting a new elite bundle
It's gonna be coming with halo 3 and on top of that
They're also going to be throwing in a wireless network adapter, which is kind of cool and all that can be had for
349.99. I think that's Canadian dollars and
And um apparently it is available it's actually gonna be
It's available at right now at the source
Which is I guess is a circuit circuit city affiliate out of Canada and they have the online offer. It's actually for
329.99 and
That's pretty interesting
Wow
huh
anyways, um
And then finally in Guitar Hero 5
Their download content will be incompatible with world tour
So that's right
if there's new
download songs that come out now for Guitar Hero 5 you will not be able to download them for world tour because apparently they're adding new
features to them and
I
guess only
Also the download content for
world tour I guess of the
158 songs are on world tour and
Smash hits you'll only be able to download 152 of those
Back to your console, I guess when you're importing songs
but I mean that makes sense because rock band there was like five tracks you couldn't download because or three or
Three or five tracks that you couldn't download because of licensing stuff. So hmm
All right. Well, by the way, the chat wants us to mention that toe jam and Earl was the new winner of the poll
Yeah, that's what I thought. It was earthworm Jim remake was mentioned
Getting into some rapid-fire news over in my corner Diablo 3
Had its fourth character class revealed and it was spoiled a little bit early by a Korean website
But it was barbarian witch doctor wizard and monk monk is the fourth class there
I don't know if that's gonna be the last one or if there'll be more after that
I imagine it's got to be at least one or two more
But monk by the way was originally in the Hellfire expansion in the original Diablo
Where barbarian bard rogue sorcerer and warrior showed up?
So I assume there's gonna be at least a couple more classes that show up in Diablo 3
Although not too many because you know, they got to do the expansions later on, right?
Mm-hmm. Hey the Wii and the DS are getting new Tetris games next year. That's right
It's a partnership between Majesco and Tetris online
They'll be coming out on the Wii and the DS in the spring of 2010
No idea what the Tetris game is going to be like, but you know what Tetris DS is pretty badass
I don't know if we necessarily need another one. Oh
Well, I have judgment is making its way to the PSP that was announced at gamescom this way
You will get a basically a version of the Eye of Judgment, but of course there is no eye
Okay, that's why there's no bet there's still a lot of questions as to whether this will use the same cards or what-have-you
We just know the game is coming out and Loki says it will not count towards the bet
Why not look the reason why I won't count towards the bet because it's not as ridiculous as the Eye of Judgment
The Eye of Judgment is an actual physical card game that you had to play, you know using the PlayStation eye camera
Basically, it was you know, the camera in the game portion of it was completely
You didn't need it. I mean, it's like playing Magic the Gathering with someone filming you on camera and you know, something like that
This is actually a card game that's in digital form
That's an actual game that counts that that's that's you know, fine that makes sense
you know, that's how they should have done it in the first place, but
However, if it did come out with like, you know, if they decided to release a version that was a camera
You know and played the same way as the normal Eye of Judgment
Then yes, I would probably count towards the bet but it's not so sorry
And you're getting booed from the chat room, but you know what they can do
Not too bad
I completely understand why you're doing that
You know, even
You're right
The whole reason we made fun of the game in the first place was the fact because it had the camera to look at the cards
That was a little silly
I mean, it doesn't matter even if I did add the Eye of Judgment to the bet or whatever
It's still wouldn't meet a million units and it it but it's not so bad
It doesn't meet a million units and it but I'm not gonna do that because it's just stupid
Okay, the whole
You need to move on
Yes, we need to move on
Yes, we need to find a new cause and a new outfit
Exactly
Alright dark soccer
Do you have some rapid-fire news for us tonight?
I do indeed
Actually Midway Europe is now Trade West games
They were purchased
So, that's actually gone through. It's being fully rebranded.
Also, LittleBigPlanet is getting a re-release with 18 new levels and 7 download content packs.
Pretty cool, huh?
Yeah. I remember when Tradewest, by the way, did Double Dragon back in the day.
They were a big 8-bit developer. I don't know if it's the same company, but I just remember that name.
Well, the LittleBigPlanet packs are going to be the Metal Gear Solid level pack featuring the Paintinator.
Metal Gear Solid costumes, monster costumes, monster packs, history costumes, history pack, and animal costumes.
Did you see the new announcement that they're going to be adding a new expansion pretty much as epic as the Paintinator and all that stuff?
Where you actually have real water in the game now. That's going to be pretty awesome.
Hopefully we'll get some new levels.
I love that they're still adding big stuff to the game even though it's been out a while. Props to a media molecule.
Since we've had some discussion about Hideo Kojima, he actually has said that he finds the Metal Gear Solid series very puzzling too.
Which is why he keeps detailed timelines for all of the characters in the game.
He says, and I quote, this is especially tricky when you create the future first and then go back in time to create something new.
There are a lot of small aspects where sometimes it doesn't match completely. Sounds like Marvel Comics.
Or Star Trek.
Seriously. Well, yeah, but they fixed all that with the movie.
Not the newer canon. Just saying.
By the way, one other thing I wanted to mention though was the whole little big planet stuff.
I forgot what I was going to say. Forget it.
The water levels coming out soon. There's something I wanted to say about that.
The water, it's real water now so you can actually make real water levels and that kind of stuff.
One more comment from chat. Amazatsuma on the whole tingle bet says, we will move on once we see Loki dress as Tingle. Am I right, Penelope?
I renamed them back to OL Army. However, they were balls for a little while.
You had your opportunity. I can't help it if you can't come through with your end of the bargain.
You know what? It's just like, I don't know. I make bets that I know I'm going to win.
For example, there was somebody, one of my customers was betting me on the top grossing game this year.
And he said that, you know, he bet that Wii Sports Resort was going to be the top grossing game.
Not only was he cocky about it, but he said that they would beat out anything, the number two one by two million units.
And he also said, you know, so my guess, of course, was Modern Warfare 2 because you're a fucking idiot if you think Wii Sports Resort is going to sell that many units.
And he's like, fine, I'll give you Modern Warfare 2 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. I'm like, you are so stupid.
But OK, I'll take that bet.
I will win that bet as well.
What is the bet?
We haven't figured it out yet what the actual prize of the bet will be, but he's so confident he's going to win that he'll probably do something stupid.
So I just have to wait for him to act on it.
Fair enough. Let's get back to some more gaming stories.
We have the mailbag coming up before too long, whether Dark Soccer likes it or not.
And the Skype line tonight, which will probably be kind of short tonight because we've been doing a lot of talking.
We've taken a lot of calls in the past couple weeks, but we'll at least get a couple of you on the line.
1877 game OLR, but that won't be for a little while now. So, Loki.
OK. Well, there's apparently an achievement that was discovered for the new game, Fairy Tale Fights, where you get some points for killing 1,000 children.
Yes, lots of child homicide.
Of course, the game is actually a beat-em-up that's extremely bloody. Think of like a Castle Crashers type of thing.
And of course, Yu-Gi-Oh! is reporting though that while this achievement is currently in the works, it's most likely going to be removed from the final game.
I don't know. I think they should keep it because that'd be funny.
So it's kind of one of those things that's lolsy for now, you know, in their little development, but probably won't actually get out there?
Yeah.
Boy, oh boy. Can you imagine if it really did-
Your pizza's burnt!
Dark Soccer burnt my pizza.
I'm smelling it. It's smelling nice and toasty.
I know. It does smell- Oh, no. Is it really, like, crispy? I kind of want to see it, but we're trying to do a radio show.
Can you do a monologue, Loki, while I go look at the burnt pizza?
Can I do a monologue? I don't know what to talk about. We just talked about fairy tale fights.
The game looks okay. I don't know.
But they're investigating a burnt pizza as if you haven't seen a burnt pizza before. It's just black and crispier!
I don't know.
So yes, going back to the bet, there is no way that I'm going to add Eye Judgment PSP to it, even though I am confident if I did that it wouldn't matter.
But see, that's the problem, though, is once we add Eye Judgment PSP, then where does it stop?
I'm just going to have to keep adding games until you eventually win.
And who really wants to play that way? That's not a bet. You should have won the first bet in the first place.
Why is everybody so curious about the burnt pizza?
Oh, they're weird.
Anyways, um-
Come back, come back, come back. Sorry.
Alright, alright.
No, I'm making her upload a picture of it to the pictures blog at orangehonestrader.com so you can see the fail.
Because it's pretty amazing.
And Becky is here and just brought Dark Sakura tacos. You, ma'am, are possibly the nicest friend ever.
Because she's been complaining about winning a taco all night long, and look at this.
She doesn't just bring her a taco. She brought the taco on a fucking silver platter. Look at that.
It's a dish covered in tin foil. It's a silver platter.
It's aluminum platter.
I'm getting yelled at from the kitchen. Technically, it's aluminum alloy.
I thought it was aluminium.
Because you're so British.
God, I wish our microphone would pick up the yelling from the kitchen.
I just literally heard screaming, I'm not British!
And deathwishing says in chatroom, there's an achievement on Dirt 2 called two girls, one cup.
It's actually two cups, one girl. It's about winning two cups in the game with one female driver.
Alright. Let me move on. I'm sorry.
I'm getting into another story that doesn't involve burnt food or what have you now that the whole house smells like crispy.
And I'm eyeing the taco on a silver platter that I want to devour.
Independent Xbox Live game has been banned. Why?
Because of visual sexual assault reminders.
It's a game called And Yet I Love You.
I can't even hear what she's saying.
Well, she's not on the radio, so we're just ignoring her.
If you don't have a mic, I can't hear you!
That's bad radio etiquette.
Terrible radio etiquette.
Alright. It was on the Japanese marketplace. It was pulled because it was too erotic.
It was an independent developer, Naoki Sagawa.
Is this related to the DDR Naoki?
No, probably not.
There is no sex in it. It is not an adult game.
However, apparently there were visual reminders of sexual assault.
Because in one scene, the girl's hands are restrained.
In one scene, a girl is being pushed down and her panties are visible.
That doesn't mean she's being assaulted. They could be having a fight or wrestling.
I mean, that's perfectly harmless.
What's interesting about this is that this was just Microsoft Europe that had a problem with the game.
So Sagawa basically wanted this to be limited to Japan.
However, Microsoft just basically said you need to stop distribution of this game altogether.
And there it was. It was kicked away.
Now, what's interesting is that I'm reading this story on Kotaku here, and they make a very good point.
And they say, by the way, while this is acceptable, you have Dead or Alive where you punch and kick females.
And you can see their panties pretty well.
You need to take a picture of the taco on a silver platter and put that on the blog, too,
because that's pretty amazing what Becky did there.
The taco is in the platter.
All right.
Oh, I thought that was the taco on the platter. Sorry, hi. Bad radio. Bad host.
Mmm, they're real tacos, too.
I know you're dying for food, but we've got to get your story, Dark Sakura.
My story? Oh, yeah.
Yes.
Give me a sec.
All right. Dark Sakura needs a moment.
Dark Sakura needs freaking food real bad.
I feel bad about the pizza, although, you know.
Your pizza's bacon.
Yay.
So, Sony has to make some explanations.
They got some explaining to do.
When they removed the backwards compatibility from the slim,
they needed to say what exactly was going on.
So, they say, and this is a quote from John Kohler, who's SCEA's director of marketing.
Now that we're at a point where we're three years into the life cycle of the PS3,
there are so many PS3 disc-based games that are available that we think,
and notice this from our research, that most consumers that are purchasing the PS3
cite PS3 games as a primary reason.
So, basically, they're saying, oh, people don't care about PS2 anymore.
What do you think?
Chat? People in the studio?
Are they right?
Do people not care about PS2 anymore?
Or as Ray Iyanami in chat says, and I love this,
backwards compatibility is so last gen.
I remember seeing an old OLR reference.
I don't know.
What do you think, Loki?
Are they right?
No, they're not right.
It's just they're basically saying, why the hell would we give you a feature for free
when you can buy our PlayStation 2 system for $100?
Or soon to be PlayStation 2 downloadable titles.
I bet you that is what you're going to see in the next year.
Then they're going to start releasing the PlayStation 2 as downloadable titles,
just to fuck us all.
But we can't add backwards compatibility, Butch.
We can sure as hell emulate these titles perfectly.
We know software emulation is out there.
We know it's possible.
They just don't want to give it to us.
Yep. Lame.
And yes, I do kind of want backwards compatibility.
I mean, yes, I realize the games are old, but I still have them.
And who doesn't sit there once in a while and go,
you know, I kind of want to play Magic Pen Gel and draw a giant penis.
You know, it's sometimes we get these desires to play the old PS2 games
or Final Fantasy 12.
I never did beat.
Yes, I have a PlayStation 2 that I could go back and hook up if I really wanted to.
But that's valuable shelf space.
I have enough crap in my living room as it is.
I realize Sony likes to live in a world where I don't own a 360 or a Wii,
but reality check, I do.
And in order to not have a tangled cobweb of wires behind my television,
some things had to go.
That's what twist ties are made for.
Just still.
I am sending updated pictures of my tacos, by the way.
I love how we have the food blog going on.
I posted a link in chat, but it's on orangelunchrody.com.
And you'll be able to see all these pictures if you're listening on the podcast,
but you probably don't care.
All right, anyhow, I don't know.
I think it's a little silly of them to rid us of the backwards compatibility,
especially when software emulation, at least of some titles, has been done.
It's a little bit frustrating, but whatever.
I mean, yeah, true, I can hook up the PS2 if I really want to play them that bad.
I'm just saying I would be more apt to still buying PlayStation 2 games if they would play...
I haven't bought a PS2 game since Final Fantasy XII.
That was the last one I ever bought.
Yeah. Well, they'll be happy to sell them to you as a digital download later on.
Well, with the announcement of the PlayStation Network minis,
of course, Nintendo is looking to revamp its DSiWare service to kind of combat it.
And what they're planning on doing, although the pricing won't change on the actual downloads,
they'll basically stick to the $2, $5, $9 price models,
they will have a lower barrier to entry for publishers,
and also they're going to have some size limits as well,
including, for example, a $5 game must be under 200 megabytes.
Otherwise, Nintendo will charge a higher royalty.
Which, that doesn't seem like much of an advantage, but okay.
And, I don't know. I just think they need some better games on there.
I know from seeing a lot of reviews I've been reading for different things,
I always see reviews for clocks and calculators.
And honestly, I don't need more fucking clocks and calculators.
I don't need a clock or calculator on my DSi.
The DSi has a clock, at least I know the regular DS, I don't have a DSi,
but at least the regular DS has a clock.
So, I don't get it.
It's themed clocks.
Silly.
We don't need more clocks or calculators.
What does Nintendo need on DSiWare in order for people to pay attention?
Virtual console.
Really?
That would- people would be eating that crap up, okay? Seriously.
I guess, but I would just be frustrated,
because you know they're not gonna let me just carry over the virtual console games I already have.
Oh, of course not!
I'd have to re-buy them.
And I don't think I'd be- homie don't play that.
I'm sorry, but I don't think I'm gonna be-
Your chair broke.
Did the chair just break live on air?
Oops.
Uh oh.
That can't be good.
Oh, it just popped off.
Oh, popped off.
No, it broke.
Ah, shoddy chair.
Oh dear, tonight's show is-
I just can't lean back.
Poor Loki.
It's alright, at least it's not a-
Footstool?
Yes, it's not the footstool.
Poor Loki, we need to get-
I almost bought an inflatable chair with my Dave and Buster's tickets.
No!
It's a hot pink inflatable chair with a pair of legs on it.
And now I'm thinking we need one for the studio for Loki.
I'm gonna pick up a folding chair next week.
Did you know, in the old studio at my house-
So they want a picture of Bork chair?
No.
The couch is now gone.
The ex came and took your couch away.
I'm glad our studio's here.
Alright, anyhow.
Sorry.
Random show is very random.
Hey!
Grin!
Remember them?
Well, Grin turned into Frown because they had to close last week.
And that was because-
Ah, Frown.
Yes.
Grin frowned because they got closed.
And we shouldn't laugh though, that's not nice.
But apparently they were the ones behind the Bionic Commando game.
And we didn't end up reporting this on our show last week.
I mean, it was just kind of a busy show, I guess.
But they actually closed.
They were the ones that were behind Bionic Commando.
Which was received a little bit lukewarmly, I guess you could say.
I mean, some people-
I have some friends that are really into it, but not-
It was alright.
It had the sales figure.
It didn't reinvigorate the series like a lot of people thought it would.
And, unfortunately, the studio just had to go bye-bye because of it, I guess.
But, apparently, one of the former employees posted to their LinkedIn profile that Grin
was working on an unreleased masterpiece.
And that masterpiece was a Final Fantasy game that they were working on for Squeenix.
I guess this guy on his personal site, Tomislav Spajek, actually posted to his personal site
some concept art, and Fortress, apparently, is the game that was like a Final Fantasy game
that was being worked on.
Probably not like Final Fantasy XV or anything like that, but some type of spin-off Final Fantasy game.
Do I have to close? Does that make them frown?
That's what I already asked. I made that joke a minute ago.
I didn't hear you. I was-
You were too busy stuffing your face full of taco.
No, I was busy kicking someone out of the chat room.
No.
Regulate!
Do not anger, Doc Sockers.
No, you act like a fucking child in the chat room. I'm gonna treat you like a freaking child.
Do not taunt Happy Fun Ball.
This is not a democracy.
This is a cheerocracy.
No, this is a freaking fashion-
Becky got the reference. Did you hear the wall in the background?
Yes.
Thank you.
Alright.
It's a dark socorosity.
Alright, speaking of dark socorosity,
it's her chance to take over the show for a little bit.
She's gonna have to swallow the taco and get to the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com is the place where you send your emails.
This is not a fish taco.
Every week.
Chew that taco, dark socor.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com. Let's read some emails.
Dear Rob, fuck you. Love, Jamie.
Dear Jamie, fuck you back. Love, Rob.
Oh, baby. Oh, baby.
Anyway, first thing I know.
I'm only on me.
Hey, guys.
Hi.
This summer has exhausted me.
Are you spent?
Between the summer of Arcade PSN and the two Monkey Island games that have been released, I am worn out.
Need a cigarette?
Just kidding. No smoke.
I just got into the Champions Online beta, and let me tell you, they're doing it all wrong.
There's some real good qualities in that game, but it will take a lot to fix things if they want to attract people to the game.
Then again, with an offer that includes a spot in the Star Trek beta, I don't think they need to.
Okay, I feel I need to ask a question now.
What three games are you looking forward to next month, if any?
I'm waiting on Marvel Ultimate Alliance, Scribblenauts, and Beatles Rock Band.
Uh, keep what you're doing, guys. Peace.
And that's from Dan Chateau.
Um.
Excuse me.
I held the microphone away.
Hi, Dan Chateau.
Dude, I'm totally waiting. I totally, totally want Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2.
Except it's some freaking stupid Civil War crap, and I hate the Civil War crap.
Um, Scribblenauts, I'm also looking forward to, um...
You make Abraham Lincoln cry.
What?
Oh, shut up. It's the Marvel Civil War crap that they did that I got so sick of.
They could at least do, like, the Skrull War or something.
The Secret Invasion.
Uh, to answer the question for me, Ion, I'm looking forward to.
Uh, Beatles Rock Band is a good example of something else I'm looking forward to.
Um, that'll be very cool.
And, um, I don't know. Everything's kind of a blur for Christmas,
and a lot of the stuff I was interested in got pushed back to 2010.
So, um, I'm not sure. Those are definitely the two at the top of my list.
It depends on if I get my 360 fix soon or not.
Loki? Games you're looking forward to? Any planned purchases?
Um, TJ Hero.
Oh, that would be number three for me. I definitely have to check that out. Good call.
I thought that was October for some reason, not September.
It is October. Oh. Sorry.
But it's almost September, so we can have it.
Eh, good enough. Close enough.
September, I don't really have any...
He'll take that answer and he'll like it.
September, I don't really have anything I'm looking forward to.
Scribblenauts, I guess, would be kind of cool, but...
I probably won't be buying that.
I don't know. I may be buying that.
Omkara222 in chat says Final Fantasy XIV. I don't think that'll be out next month.
Keep talking. I'm still eating.
We'd be lucky if the beta would come out next month, but I somehow sadly doubt it.
So...
There you go.
Alright, we're gonna get to the next email as soon as StarSakura finishes chewing.
But a mailbag at Orange L'Anchor, I am so stealing a chip.
And I just want you... I'm gonna dare you to stop me.
Oh, uh, is the pizza still cooking?
Um...
Hey, OLR crew, what do you think of Bethesda's Wet?
It actually looks kind of pretty.
This game looks really interesting. I like the fact that it infuses a sort of kung fu game, a shooter, and a 3D fighter.
What did you guys see of it at E3? Thanks in advance, I like old people.
Oh, and PS, it puts the lotion in the basket.
Or else he gets the hose again.
Um...
Let's see, um...
I saw a little bit of it, and it looked cool.
I think Bethesda has a very good way of putting style on a lot of their games, unless it was the Star Trek game.
Um, but every time I hear Bethesda, I'm always like, where's Oblivion V? Where's Oblivion V? Or, I should say, sorry, Elder Scrolls V.
Where's Elder Scrolls V?
But...
They're working on it!
I still need to go back and play the Call of Cthulhu game.
What now?
Because I still want to play the Call of Cthulhu game.
Wet looked cool, but it didn't seem like the type of game I would probably drop $60 on, just because, you know, I like roleplaying and different styles of games.
Is there a demo out there? Oh, Henderson Man says the demo for Wet is on the European PlayStation Network store, and I thought the demo was awesome.
So go check it out.
I will.
Write us a review of it.
Yes, please. I'm curious to know more about it.
I have a profile for every region, so I can do that.
Woohoo!
Next email.
Next email, these ships are tasty.
Okay, from J-Rod.
Ow, it bit my lip.
Hey guys, I had something to speak up about. I had two Xbox 360s, and both of them ended up dying multiple times.
Okay.
After I sent them back to be repaired, they eventually died again, and I ended up getting a PS3 in the end.
Rob said that his 360 just died as well.
Now here's what I don't understand.
Why did Rob complain about customers giving Microsoft a free pass for faulty hardware, and then in the same breath say, well, I'm probably just going to pick up an Elite?
The product was rushed to market to beat Sony to the punch, and it couldn't be more obvious that they took shortcuts and screwed the customer to do so.
So this type of behavior is now somewhat rewarded.
Just because all my friends have one doesn't mean I need to give Microsoft my time and money for absolute shit hardware quality.
The problem is that people use Xbox Live as a MySpace page rather than a game console half the time, so they just keep buying new ones over and over.
The only time a company will learn is if you tell them with your wallet.
Send it back, and if they don't repair it, then scrap it, sell the games, and move on.
I hate to say it, but if Rob buys another Xbox 360, he's basically just part of their problem he's complaining about.
My current 360 is on its last leg with lockups, and if it dies, out the door it goes to eBay along with my games.
Excuse me.
Don't be a part of the problem, Rob. Be a part of the solution.
I absolutely disagree with you.
I think it's just the viewpoint's a little too extreme for me.
I get what he's saying, and I said earlier in the show, it was wrong of me.
You're right. If I buy an elite system, I'll meet you at that point.
If I buy an elite system, I'm rewarding Microsoft for borking my old system.
So I came to my realization about that earlier this week.
If I get another Xbox 360, which assuming Loki can't fix mine, I'm going to have to go for the low-end system.
So I see you there, but when you talk about this whole sell your games back and the whole thing, that's where you lose me.
Because you're smoking crack if you think that I'm going to sell all of my games back that I've invested hundreds of dollars in for a fraction of the cost.
And therein lies the problem, and therein lies where I'm screwed.
Because I have invested all this money not just in that, but on downloadable content, and some of which does not exist on the PlayStation 3,
that yes, I do like to revisit on a regular basis.
I have to have the hardware to make it work.
But I do agree that I should not reward Microsoft by buying the highest, most expensive version of it.
That I should buy a bare-bones system because I already have the hard drive and all the other crap I've bought.
I don't need all the other crap.
Hey, if you want the right to actually complain, you know, go buy 3% of the stock and then go to shareholder meetings.
I still do think, and I think most people agree with me, no matter if you think I was being a baby last week or what, no matter where,
I think everybody kind of agrees with me, that Microsoft does need to be held accountable for this.
No, they do.
And history needs to show this negatively on Microsoft.
When the next console comes out, the question needs to be asked.
Have you tested this so that half of them do not fail?
And somebody at Microsoft needs to go on record and assure the public that when and if the consoles fail,
there will be a program in place to do something about it.
And I'll tell you, though, what I'm going to do if this Xbox Red rings, because I think I'm on my third.
But also keep in mind, we can just, you know, go to the store and Dan can get a new one.
But I really think that, well, I don't know, I'd still be in warranty, so technically I'd get a new one for free.
But regardless, I would still take the time to write a letter and say, you know, hey, I still enjoy my games.
I own more in games than I own in the cost of the three systems.
So to me, it's a justified expense.
You know, it'd be like my computer, okay?
My last computer went kaput. What did I do?
I bought a computer and installed all the old same shit that I had on my last computer on my new computer.
You know, I've got all my Photoshop, my whole CS suite and everything.
I'm using my same tablet, you know, a peripheral.
I'm using my portable hard drive, the same thing.
So if you know a computer's going to be obsolete, you know, in a year, then what's the point of buying a new computer?
Same difference.
I just, at the end of the day, though, I do think it's bull that clearly the Xbox 60 fails more than any other piece of hardware we've ever seen.
Atari 7800.
In the last 15 years.
The Atari 7800 had issues with the power supply and they failed almost as much as the Xbox 360.
All right. Any more in the mailbag?
Oh, yeah.
Hey, O.L.R., I wanted to tell you that the PS3 Slim is real.
Oh, we already covered this.
But this is actually kind of funny. It's from one, is all I'll say.
Hey, O.L.R., I wanted to tell you that the PS3 Slim is real and will be coming out the first of next month and the original PS3 will drop $100.
I already saw the box at GameStop. My friend works there and showed me inside where the consoles are.
Also, the Xbox 360 price will be going down after Project Natal is released.
P.S., what is with these women having no bras anymore?
Don't get me wrong. I love tits. But when someone 50 years older than you does not have a bra on, I barf.
I think we should just let the e-mailers report on the news from now on.
Who did this? Juan?
Juan.
Juan needs a segment. Oh, my God. This is the same Juan that e-mailed us before, I bet, huh?
I think.
He needs a segment on this program one way or another.
What is up with that?
He's like our new extra fur.
You want a slice of your pizza, DarkSucker?
Yes, I do.
Okay, hold on.
Give me a cheesy piece.
I will let you pick whatever piece you want.
All right.
How many more e-mails do we have tonight?
This one, a few.
A few, all right.
I put this one in the name of science.
Make it snappy.
Shook here. Or is it Shookay? I never was told.
Last week, I sent an e-mail about my Final Fantasy X dilemma and your advice worked.
Oh, yeah, you had the bigot dad. Sorry, no offense.
Oh, yeah, your dad was the asshole. Oh, sorry, no offense.
But you're cool. You're cool.
I'm not in the habit of talking ill of other people's parents, but really, the way that you portrayed your dad made him look to be a major bigot.
But if I were to start with one, you are the winner.
Anyway, I just sold Madden 04, 05, and 06 for about $40 to a privately-owned game store.
I bought Final Fantasy X and Chrono Trigger and I'm loving both.
I think Chrono Trigger is the best RPG ever.
Yes.
And when you beat it, go back and actually hop on the teleport device right at the beginning of the game and you can beat Lavas from the beginning and get the artist ending.
I'm sitting here in awe that he got that much for those old-ass Madden games.
Props to you.
Well, my dad walked in on me during the opening scene with Blitzball when he asked what it was. I made up something and said it was Super Soccer Extreme 2000 and he bought it.
Again, my huge thanks for the advice.
P.S. Dark Soccer, my username is pronounced as if the K was silent. Oh, sorry.
So, it's shoe.
K.
K.
K.
Well, I'm glad it worked.
Now move out.
Okay. This is from Rob with Two B's.
Ra-ba-ba.
I'm gonna say Ra-ba-ba.
Hi Ra-ba-ba.
I ran across this crap accidentally coming to a PS3 near you, LittleBigPlanet Water.
There's a trail of, there's a link and it looks like Sackboy will swim materials that float will float and Sackboy will have a hold your breath limit of air and I'm hoping they will give him scuba gear, the water equivalent of the untethered backpack.
So, yeah, we talked about that.
It has a, there's a video of creation mode on here.
So, that's kinda cool.
I can't wait to see how this gives a swift kick in the pants to all the user-generated levels and I agree with Ra-ba-ba.
Sorry, I have a mouth full of pizza.
I agree with Ra-ba-ba that it would be awesome if there was like a scuba gear or something like that.
Cause that means you can make these levels that were nothing but floating.
And do you know how much that's gonna increase the amount of clone games we see?
Like space shooters and stuff?
Amazing.
They're gonna reduce space shooters but the thing...
It may be, it'll be easier with the water thing.
Well, I think with the water though you are gonna get limited air supply and that type of stuff that's gonna work into it.
Well, what if there's a scuba gear like Ra-ba-ba suggests? I think that's a great idea.
Yeah, there will be that.
Well, there's also another email from him.
I just noticed a recent post on NeoFM.com about that old project.
It's not really an update but some smart cookie converted it to Pump It Up.
Both are five panel games in the arcade.
It's at the game zone at the Great Mall of the Great Plains in the Great...
Is it pronounced Olathe or Lathy? Kansas?
Anyway, somewhere in Kansas.
That's great.
But there's details in the article at NeoFM.com.
And then the other...
And yes, I do remember this dancing game. This is the one that was gonna look like a BeatMania controller but it was with feet.
Yeah. So, there you go.
It was lol-worthy.
And they have video of it.
Interesting. And in Kansas?
Yeah, it's a...
How random.
It's from... It's a tooth... Well, NeoFM and a Pump It Up machine and...
Well, because the whole thing runs off StepMania.
I'm saying we should send Shane to go look but he won't care.
I know he won't.
Oh, I got something for him. Thanks to Becky.
What's that?
Let me get it.
He'll love it. We should send it to him and autograph it and everything.
He wouldn't care about our autographs.
He probably already has that but you never know.
Okay, well then, I'll do something with it.
Okay, O.O.R. listeners, who wants a copy of High School Musical 3?
Chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp.
Let us know and you'll get it.
Because nobody in this room wants it.
Or nobody in the hall either, else it would not be in my house.
No, I'm sure... Ask him. He may not have it.
He may not have bought it for whatever reason.
Yeah, actually it says there's apparently the code leaked out for NeoFM.
So it says, meanwhile some cool cats managed to get their hands on two separate leaks of our code
and put them in a centrifuge with some fairy dust and in the groove pumping up Linux code.
They're pumping up machines to a local arcade neon FM 2009 machine.
By the way, there's stuff leaked out to the internet a while ago in StepMania format.
I have it, but eh.
Oh, this is good pizza.
Look how much of it I've eaten. It's good stuff. I like it.
Except it's making me fat.
Alright, any other emails tonight?
Um, no.
Alright, mailbag at orangehonestradio.com.
It's time to get angsty and I don't really have a good story to lead us into this tonight,
but what would the show be without the FUs of the week?
You know, I actually didn't have a story to lead us into that.
You want to tell us real fast?
Yeah, well I mentioned it earlier, GameStop saying GameStop expects a UMD dump by new PSP Go owners.
Since, obviously, Sony's not supporting them, Tony Bartell, the GameStop EVP of Merchandising and Marketing,
said we have a very clear roadmap on how we can drive profitability on the sales of games.
It will also be a strong contribution in their trade-in process when you have people that will have UMD games
and they will no longer work on the platform and they'll fuel additional currency for GameStop.
Hail, GameStop.
That's it.
DarkSaga, you're angst then.
My FU goes to how much my hand hurts.
I had surgery again on Friday for him to pull out the rest of the suture, and what happened is that the suture was in a knot,
which is why it wouldn't come out.
It had been knotted up inside my hand.
So when it got tugged on, of course, ow!
So, yeah, suture stuck in hand.
But it's gone now, which means I get two more additional weeks off of work.
That means you'll have the time off when Misty's here, huh?
Sure will, except for my anniversary.
Right, no, I know.
Thank you.
I have to work that day. I hope she has something planned for the day.
We'll figure something out.
And also announcing to the universe, September 1st is my four year anniversary.
But you've known Dan for like nine on top of that, right?
We've been together for eleven and a half years.
Nice.
Loki, any angst for you tonight?
Not really. I guess I have to wait for my arcade cabinet to come in.
I have to wait another four weeks, basically.
And, yeah, that just sucks.
But, no, that's all I got.
My F.U. of the week, I've had a really, really shitty week.
I just want to say F.U. to people that want to play political games
and all that crap when I'm just not down with it.
You know what? I am a professional individual.
I go to places to get a job done and I'm not interested in playing games.
So I will get my job done.
Also an F.U. to the fact that when I'm having these bad days,
the person I want to turn to to talk about these things about
is absent with better things to do, I suppose.
I've not had a good week.
I'm going to go home and cry into my pillow.
We're going to get ice cream after the show again.
We've got to finish in the next hour because Baskin Ramen closes at ten.
So step on it!
We'll get you pie later.
Alright, we've got some news from Loki.
Actually, we're getting to the Skyplane pretty soon.
We're almost to the end of the show, believe it or not.
Yes, we are.
Lots of Rock Band information, including the details on the first download content
that's going to be available for Rock Band Beatles.
The first two albums that they're going to have available will be
Abbey Road and also Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
Abbey Road will be arriving first on October 20th at the price of $16.98
or 1360 Microsoft Points with each individual track running you $2 or 160 Microsoft Points.
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band will come out in November.
I guess also the next album after that will be Rubber Soul and that will arrive in December.
Lots of tracks coming out, man.
They've got Uber tracks.
And what's going to be kind of cool about that though, I'm assuming,
is that each one's going to have the different animations in the background.
So some of those songs actually would be kind of cool to see.
I'm really kind of considering maybe buying this.
I don't know.
I don't really play a lot of Rock Band lately.
But it might be fun. I don't know.
I like some of these songs.
I think I'm totally going to have it.
I'm so mad my Xbox crapped out right before a song I really wanted to play had come out
and I didn't get to play it.
Here's the problem.
Here's the thing I have a little problem about.
And I'm kind of confused in this sense.
Because some of these songs I thought were already in the game.
Remember how they were showing us different songs like
Octopus's Garden and stuff like that?
I thought that was already in the game.
But for some reason it's listed on the Abbey Road download content here.
Well it might also be that when you download the album you're kind of getting the rest of the album.
Because I think every album has some representation in the game.
So I don't know.
Maybe. I guess maybe they're just listing what's on the album and not actual download content.
That could be because if these people said to the website,
like, hey we're releasing these albums,
the website probably just went to Amazon.com and just wrote out the track list
without thinking, oh this song is probably in the game already.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
That makes sense.
And apparently I guess the All You Need Is Love download content,
which is going to be a single,
will be available as a timed exclusive on Xbox 360
and the game's launch is September 9th.
And then also if you purchase a full Abbey Road album,
you'll have the option to play the B-Side Melody,
or B-Side Medley I'm sorry, from
You'll Never Get Me Your Money Through The End
as one continuous track.
I may not be the biggest Beatles fan in the world.
I'm like, cool, Beatles are cool. I respect that people are in love with them.
I understand why they have such a place in history and so forth.
But I'm actually really excited about this game.
It just looks so cool.
It's fun to watch and play.
Yeah.
Other stuff.
This week on the Rock Band Store,
they're going to have Tom Petty, Billy Idol, and Jet.
The individual songs, of course, from Billy Idol.
Please say it's Cradle of Love.
No.
White Wedding.
That's already in there.
No.
It's Mony Mony and Rebel Yell.
Oh, Rebel Yell's cool. Okay.
And each of those are available for 160 Microsoft points or $2.
Fleetwood Mac, you have Don't Stop and World Turning.
Don't Stop Thinking About Tomorrow, Baby.
I should sing the Rock Band songs every week.
And Jet, you have She's A Genius.
And then finally, Tom Petty, you have I Won't Back Down and Running Down a Dream.
And those are all available August 25th through the 27th,
depending on which store you're getting in from.
Tom Petty's kind of awesome.
And then, of course, the Wii.
You've got lots of stuff coming there.
A lot of it just previously released stuff on other things.
You have a lot of tracks from Grateful Dead,
Foo Fighters, Dropkick Murphy, White Zombie, that kind of stuff.
And those will all be available for 200 Wii points each.
And those will be available on the 25th.
And then finally on the PSP, you're getting two things of download content on the 27th,
including the Zombies She's Not There and White Zombie Black Sunshine,
each available for $2.
And finally, Rock Band's download content is expected to hit 1,000 tracks by the holiday.
And there's going to be some new tracks, of course, coming from Queen, Nirvana, Tom Petty,
which we got some this week, Elton John, Iggy Pop, The White Stripes, Pantera, Talking Heads,
Korn, and The Raccoon Tears.
What do you have from Iggy Pop?
I don't think they've given any songs yet, just bands.
No, they're just listing stuff, as well as many more from other artists.
But hey, that's kind of cool.
It's kind of like Elton John, Queen.
Need I say more?
I need to get Sing Star Queen, by the way.
That is out and about.
Oh, need.
I'm waiting for the price drop, because you know, once the game's out a month,
it'll be in the clearance bin for 1999.
That's what I'm waiting for.
And that's it.
Sweet.
That was a lot of Rock Band news.
They are busy bees over there, considering there was no Rock Band 3 this year.
500 tracks a year?
That's not bad.
Good lord.
A lot more than certain other music franchises.
Apparently.
La la la la la.
Alright, hey, Gran Turismo 5 is the last story we have tonight,
before we get to the phone lines a little later on.
Apparently, this was being shown off at Gamescom.
Not just Gran Turismo 5, but Gran Turismo PSP.
There's some images of the game that have leaked out to the internet,
and of course, they are pretty.
The main menu looks like what you see in-
I like how you said that.
What?
Pretty.
It is pretty.
Look, it's pretty.
I always want to say Grand Theft Auto 5.
It's Gran Turismo 5, because GT-
I just want to put the A in there.
GT5 Prolog uses that same kind of menu.
So there you go.
There's going to be 80 tracks in the game.
1,000 cars.
830 regular ones, and 170 with a little more modeling.
Damage will be in the game, and GTTV is back.
And it can also be run on your PSP.
No release date yet, which you know what that means.
2010.
It's been a long-
It is 2010.
Considering we got that prologue quite some time ago,
that's a long wait.
That's a very long wait.
Very cool if you're a fan of Gran Turismo.
I am not as big on the Gran Turismo series,
because I like my arcade racers.
Gran Turismo is a little too realistic for me.
It's more like Project Gotham and stuff.
It's not that I hate them.
I think they're pretty to watch other people play that are good at it.
I'm just really bad at them.
So there you go.
Hey, it's your turn to give us a call.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLaundrio.
The Skype line is open right now.
We're only going to take a couple calls tonight.
But we want to also get any last minute stories that might be out there
while we wait for folks to call.
Yes. Why not?
Go ahead.
Darcy, do you have something?
I like pie.
And you know, and think that I was going to let you go ahead and go first.
That teaches me.
Anyways, UK is getting a pretty cool deal with Guitar Hero 5 purchases.
Much like how we're getting the free Van Halen over here.
Folks that purchase Guitar Hero 5 in the UK will be eligible to get a free copy of Guitar Hero World Tour.
That's more songs.
And you know, probably a better selection.
It's something.
Hey, we've got a call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLaundrio. Who's this?
It's Deathwishing.
Hey, Deathwishing. What's up?
Nothing. I just had a really cool week and it's ending really well.
But I wanted to talk about the Halo ODSD tour and how in a way it's kind of crap.
Why is it crap? Someone asked about this on Twitter tonight.
It has an age requirement on it.
Oh really?
Yeah, you have to be 17 and older. I don't know if they check ID or anything.
I mean, I don't have ID. I don't have a driver's license yet.
You know, in California they make you pay up the ass to get one.
Well, it is a mature rated game.
Yeah, but I just find it really lame because it's just like...
It's a mature rated game and yet we're all going to get our hands on it.
There's going to be like 8-year-old kids going,
Oh my god, I pwn you, noob.
T-bag.
That's because parents suck.
Hey, my parents were cool. I was playing Grand Theft Auto back then.
And look at me, I grew up to be perfectly fine.
Are there individuals out there that might debate that comment, Death Wishing?
That one Californian politician who got banned.
If you know who he is.
No idea.
But did you go to the tour? Are you planning on going to the tour?
I'm planning on going to it. I'm going to try to talk my friend into taking me down to Pasadena.
But I don't see any coming near you guys, sadly.
I'm not sad.
Hey, it's pretty cool. You get free stuff. I think you get t-shirts and stuff for doing it.
Whoopee. I'm not that big on Halo.
I understand why people love their Halo.
I used to play Halo 2 all the time with my college friends, but I'm kind of over it.
Rob, about your 360, I don't see why yours is broken down so much.
I'm on my second, but my first one still works.
I just have to close the tray in.
I just open and close it to get games to work, and I'm letting my friend use it because his blew up.
Like, literally exploded.
Wow. That's impressive.
The amazing exploding 360s.
I call mine the Jesus box because it won't die.
It just keeps resurrecting.
Alright, well, Death Wishing-
The red ring then came back.
We're going to let you go so we can get as many calls as we can tonight and still have time for ice cream.
But thanks so much for the call, okay?
Boy.
Boy.
I should ask him if he's going to the Silent Hill house.
Because I still want to go.
I still do. I think we're just going to have to go.
We're just going to have to get in the car and go.
But I'm poor.
So?
Sell your soul.
No, I already did.
That's why I've-
Never mind.
Alright. Hi, you're on the wrong side. Who's this?
This is DS Master 26.
Hi, what's on your mind, DS Master 26?
I'm hearing Echo. Try to get the microphone away from the speaker.
Oh, sorry. I'm going off the PSP 3000 here.
It's fine.
Here, I'm going to get my headset in here.
Ironic. DS Master on a PSP.
Ah, whatever.
Basically, I'm here to do a review of a new game.
Yes.
Poppin' Music for Wii.
Oh, you played Poppin' Music for Wii, and you don't sound happy about it. Please tell us all about this game.
It's complete crap.
I've been a long time Beemani fan, and this has done great disgrace to the series.
Okay, I need to know the reason why it's crap, and I need to know how it's different from the Poppin' Music us Beemani fans know.
Basically, all-
You know what they did with the DDR games and thrown those in the crapper?
Well, it's all licensed stuff like Britney Spears and Miley Cyrus stuff into Poppin'.
And there's no controller with it. You just use the Wii Remote nunchuck like you would on...
Oh, let me see here. Rayman Raving Rabbids in the dancing section.
That's pretty much how it's played. It's complete crap.
Hmm.
Well, that's too bad.
Ray Ayanami in chat is asking, no Konami originals?
Very few, if any. They tried to put in a revamped B4U song in there somehow.
And then something out of, like it sounds like I've, I don't know if you've heard of this cartoon.
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi. They came out a few years ago.
Puffy's an actual pop band in Japan.
Yeah, and I think one of their songs ended up somewhere in the game.
I don't remember which one it was, but it was complete crud. It was one of the DLC tracks.
I mean, that's one thing this one has that all the others didn't have was DLC.
I mean, yeah, I'm glad they're finally getting to the next gen and DLC to their music games.
But at the same time, Konami's just disappointing the B-Monic fans left and right.
Hmm.
And, by the way, just to let you know, that line you coded, it's straight off one of my favorite series.
Bring It On.
Only the best movie of all time.
Yes, and they just got a fifth one, and I have a review on that. It is awesome.
They have a fifth Bring It On movie now? I've only ever seen the first one.
Yeah, way too many Bring It On movies.
I said, brrr, it's cold in here. Alright, forget it.
Anyhow, alright, we're letting you go, DS Masters, we're gonna get some more calls.
Go watch Bring It On on your PSP.
Um, no, no, no, but basically I heard rumors of possibly that the choreographer from that is doing a second All Star Cheer Camp game, or whatever, for Wii.
Yes, they are.
Which I actually pointed, it does give you a workout twice as much as Wii Fit will ever give you.
Okay, great, bye. I guess he didn't hear the part where he said I was letting him go, he just kept talking.
It's important that we know about All Star Cheer Camp, though.
Poor guy, I was so rude to him. I hope he hears this.
You're horrible, Rob. Horrible human being.
Well, did I not say, okay, we gotta wrap up to get some more calls?
He wasn't done yet, okay? That's just wrong.
He was talking about choreography.
Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob.
What?
Ah, crap!
Alright, 1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Give us a call if you want to talk.
Our number is 555-4444.
No, it's not really, it's 1877 Game OLR.
Since it's not ringing, I'm gonna give it some more.
If you don't call, we'll get off the cleanse.
Oh, here we go, last call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hi, this is AgDef.
Hi, AgDef, what's on your mind?
First of all, sorry about your 360. I'm definitely sorry it happened.
Dude, I don't know why you're blaming yourself.
The damn thing was obviously gonna break eventually.
At least I went down in a blaze of glory.
Yeah, that's true.
I'm just joking, man.
Though I am sorry about the thing breaking.
I blame Microsoft, not you.
What's on your mind?
I wanted to talk about the digital download thing.
You were talking at the beginning of the show?
Yes.
I think I made a comment in chat, or in Penelope,
that most people have a really good connection to internet.
Like me, I don't have a really good connection.
I have only one megabyte per second connection,
so it would take me an eternity to download a four,
or maybe six, or bigger game.
That is a damn good point.
That is a damn good point I think a lot of people forget to consider,
is that you know what? In some parts of the world,
they're still on dial-up.
In fact, I bet there are some places where they're still using
two Dixie cups and a string to connect to the internet.
Basically.
It is not all super fast cable connections everywhere in the world.
Granted, I guess not every game company technically does business
in every part of the world if you want to get technical,
but still, it is a little bit sad that if they go this digital distribution route,
I mean, how easy would it be?
I know you've called in the show.
You live in Mexico, and I know you've talked about sometimes
coming up to the U.S. to get games,
or having them shipped down to you or what have you.
Imagine if with this digital distribution stuff,
they could just say,
oh, block Mexico, it's not their time yet.
We have to wait until we get the localized version for them,
so we're just going to block their IP,
so that they can't get the game.
That would suck.
Yeah, like it happened with Palapon 2.
It's only a digital download in the United States.
Though, Sony made a good decision,
and they brought the UMD over here.
So maybe if they do that in the future,
if you can have the digital download,
or you can have the disk,
you have the option that maybe it could work better.
But if you only have one option,
and it's the digital download, it won't work.
It definitely won't work.
I think, Akdeft, you definitely bring up a good point
about something that I bet a lot of people don't think about
because a lot of us are spoiled with our cable connections
here in the States.
Akdeft, anything else real quick before I let you go?
No, nothing else.
Okay. See ya.
See ya.
Thank you for calling.
Yes, thanks as always for calling.
I like it when our callers get us to think about things
that we didn't think about before.
I don't like thinking. It's horrible.
Well, too bad. Think about some other last-minute stories
while I close up Skype.
If you didn't get through, hey, you can always tweet us,
email us, chat with us.
Or buy me a pony.
Or buy Jamie. Guess what I saw yesterday, Jamie?
A pony?
Derby Owners Club.
Where? Where's the doc?
Dave & Buster's. Milpitas. Still.
Ooh, I love the horsey racing games.
I'm kind of over it.
They needed a sequel about five years ago.
Hey, there's a new game coming to the PS3
called 3D Dot Game Heroes.
It's basically kind of a 3D version of pixel art.
If you were to take, like, an old-school Final Fantasy game
and make it all 3D and high-res,
that's what the game would look like.
It's kind of cool.
And that should be coming out in Japan this November.
No word on it coming over to the US,
but I only hope it does, because that would be awesome.
Castle Crashers is getting new download content
in the Necromatic pack,
and that will feature some really cool things,
including a chainsaw, a golden mace,
a dragon head animal orb,
and also two new characters,
the necromancer and the cult minion you'll get to play as.
So all that available.
No word on what the cost or when it's coming,
but hopefully soon.
Ubisoft has officially revealed a new game
that they're putting out called Just Dance
for people who, I guess, want to dance.
And the game itself actually focuses more on arm and leg movements,
mainly arm movements, it looks like.
But, yeah, the people in there,
they call them, I think, the lifestyle shots or whatever,
look absolutely ridiculous.
But it is going to be coming out,
and they have 30 licensed tracks,
including Groove is in the Heart,
Pump Up the Jam, and You Can't Touch This,
who are, you know, I don't know.
And also, I guess people are slightly interested in this title
because they think that maybe it's being developed by Q Entertainment.
This might be the secret title that they're developing.
Hope not!
It looks like crap.
I hope it's not.
Konami is apparently location testing Pop'n Music 18.
That's right.
The new mix, I believe, was...
God, I just had it, too.
I forgot the name, and I can't find it.
Anyways, Pop'n Music 18. We don't even know the subtitle.
It's not important.
But apparently they're going to be conducting that
starting, actually it was last week,
starting August 20th at AMPIA,
at Kungawa Prefecture,
and that's going to run from the 20th through the 30th,
and then at Rundown at the Fukuoka Prefecture.
Fukuoka.
Fukuoka Prefecture from the 21st through the 30th.
So you can check that out.
They have more information on the location test site,
that's konami.jp slash AMP slash location test slash Pop'n 18.
So check that out.
If you live in Japan.
And then, let's see here.
Modern Warfare 2. Of course, I have talked about in the past
about how Activision is trying to rip people off
with the price of Guitar Hero 5 on the Wii.
No one seems to give a shit.
But now that it's available on PC,
apparently they are trying to raise the price of the PC version as well.
Ubisoft Amazon Best Buy are now showing the PC version with a $60 price tag.
Now that might not be a big deal for people that normally buy console games,
but for PC owners, most games only retail at $50 retail.
But see, I told you they were evil, and no one believed me.
But now that it's a more important game, people might listen.
And then finally, Namco Bandai is releasing a new game
on the Playstation Portable in December.
I believe this is coming out in Japan.
It's called Queen's Blade Spiral Chaos.
And Queen's Blade apparently is a...
They call it a Lost World style combat picture book game.
And features characters with large...
Boobies.
Sweet.
To the point that it's absolutely ridiculous.
I mean, that's absolutely ridiculous.
That's how I try to make my character an ion with boobies that big.
So that should be coming out this fall on PSP in Japan.
Alright.
That's going to do it for tonight's episode of Orange Lounge Radio,
but first we gotta go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Dark Soccer, your final thought?
Boobies.
My final thought is ice cream, then boobies.
Loki, I get my arcade hardware tomorrow, but it's no good right now
because I don't have an arcade machine to play it on.
But I get to stare at it, and caress it, and...
And boobies?
Boobies.
Hey, thank you guys so much for downloading and tuning into our show tonight.
We really appreciate it, and...
Oh, TigerClaus reminded me.
I forgot to mention the Starcraft 2 thing I was going to mention about
the chick from Battlestar Galactica is voicing Kerrigan.
Trisha Helfer.
Six.
Hot.
Totally random, but just thought I'd mention it.
Because Jamie would, like, know probably.
I heard that the new, is it Caprica or whatever like that?
That Patton Oswalt's going to have a recurring character on there.
Ooh.
That means I actually have an excuse to watch it.
Alright.
And so enjoy your Battlestar Galactica, kids, until next week,
because we'll be back next week to do it all over again.
Hey, if you enjoyed the show, be sure to tell two friends about the show.
Leave us a nice review on iTunes, you know,
or just tell people about the show.
Word of mouth is what sells the show and helps us spread around,
because remember, we don't have a big magazine behind us or anything like that.
So that's going to do it.
We'll see you next week.
We'll be back to do it all over again on another edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com.
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
