Tonight, August 16, 2009, is there a Wii cushion on the horizon?
Will the PlayStation 3 soon see you laughing?
And could you soon be able to take a trip to Silent Hill for real?
Well, hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast where every gamer has a voice, dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
With you for the next few hours, my name is Rob Roberts, and joining me as always, say hello to the one and only, happiest bunny on the farm, as I used to call her every day on this week, DarkSakra, Jamie Summers.
How did that get started anyway?
I don't even remember.
Oh, because I had my Happy Bunny stuff for a while.
You used to be obsessed with Happy Bunny, if I remember right.
And now I think Happy Bunny's kind of stupid.
Oh, really?
Well, Happy Bunny kind of junked the shark a little bit.
Now you see Happy Bunny everywhere on everything.
Happy Bunny was cool and no one knew about it.
Exactly.
And also say hello to the one and only Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
Fine.
Not the happiest bunny on the farm, Loki.
No, I'm not a bunny on a farm.
You're very quiet tonight, Loki.
What is going on?
I'm trying to remember a password.
And I think I got it.
And I got it.
I'm trying to see what you're trying to log into.
RomaniSows is what I'm logging into.
Not to download torrents, but to read their forms.
I see.
What's so important on their forms?
Nothing.
I want to see if some guy returned my PM.
And he didn't.
He's a bastard.
I thought he said read their porn.
If you are corresponding with Loki, you should write him back.
Ass.
No, it's alright.
It's fine.
I was second in line for a System 573 board, but I probably don't need it now, so it's alright.
You are very quiet tonight, and I can't figure out why.
Let's try turning up your mic a little bit.
The beauty of live radio, boys and girls.
Oh, I thought you meant like I wasn't saying a lot, not that I was quiet.
No, like you were actually quiet on the mic.
Now you were too loud.
I think we're good now.
Alright.
So there we go.
The joy of live radio as we tape live here on Sunday nights at All Games Radio www.allgames.com live after the Bobby Blackwolf show I have an announcement You have an announcement, yes Rob had chicken for dinner I did, it was delicious You didn't get me any Grilled chicken I had chicken and a biscuit It still smells like chicken in this room and it's driving me nuts I was hungry, I literally had nothing to eat today I'm gonna make my husband bring me some food You should do that, that's why you got married, right?
Yeah, so it'd be my manservant I too had chicken for dinner Did you?
Yes What kind of chicken did you have?
I had chicken covered with Ritz cracker bits
I refuse to eat there.
Because it's attached to Pizza Hut.
No, Wing Street.
Oh, never mind.
Probably that food at Wings Stop.
Hooters' wings are worse for you.
Are they?
But Hooters' wings are good.
No, they're not.
No, they're not.
I think Hooters' wings are good.
Everything at Hooters sucks.
Even the women suck.
Everything at Hooters is awful.
What is wrong with this picture?
I'm going to keep the dirty comment down.
What is wrong with this picture?
I love Hooters more than anyone else in this room.
Their food, I have given their food like three different chances, and...
Like, not only is their food bad, but their service is worse.
It's just, it's absolute crap.
Their hot sauce tastes like too much vinegar.
For example, I went in one time and I decided, okay, I'm gonna get a burger and what the hell, let's get, order the wings because everyone's raving about the wings and stuff.
Ordered the burger, the burger took an hour for me to get at my table.
The wings, mind you, which is their staple food that they serve there, took two hours to get to me.
And they're neon orange.
Now Loki's too loud.
Okay.
and they tasted like shit.
Okay.
Get him angry then he'll be like.
And not only that.
Okay.
So I tried the normal like their normal hot wings or whatever.
They tasted like shit.
I tried them like a different flavor.
It's a different flavor of shit.
It's just.
It's.
It's.
Awful.
There is nothing good at that place.
All their food sucks, and if you go for the ambience, you're stupid.
You can get better food at a strip club.
Are you kidding?
The last time I went to Hooters was Victoria and I. We were like, where should we go eat?
Let's go to Hooters!
And we went.
We had fun.
We were laughing the whole time.
Our waitress had big boobies, and we were making fun of her, but in a positive way.
Seriously, okay?
Strip club food is not very good.
It was better than Hooters.
And you know what?
At a strip club, I'm not going to just have to imagine naked boobies.
I can see them firsthand.
So, you know...
I'm sorry, it's just not worth my time.
Here's my question about Hooters.
Do you remember that E3?
It was probably 2004, 2005, when we were staying at the ghetto motel 6 on Hollywood Boulevard.
I don't know what inspired us to say there.
I ought to be young and in our 20s again.
But to be staying at that ghetto motel 6, and we had to walk up Hollywood Boulevard,
Through a concert that Jimmy Kimmel Live was doing or something to get to Hooters.
Because we were like, hadn't you never been there at that point?
I've never been there.
That's right.
And I was like, Loki, you're like a manly man and you've never been to Hooters.
I'm like, don't tell me you're going to make a gay man take you to Hooters.
So eventually a gay man did have to take him to Hooters.
So he went to Hooters.
And, you know, it was our first experience.
Well, his first experience at a Hooters.
And I guess it wasn't favorable.
Yeah.
Well, just also getting there took us like 30 minutes when it was just like a block up the street.
We could see it, but it took a half an hour to get there.
So anyhow.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I really like it for its classic RPG-osity.
It's been pretty fun for me.
I also played through Raiden Fighters Aces and nearly beat the game, except that I was in a lot of pain when I was playing it.
Well, it was really more that I was just going to play for a little bit of it and then put it aside, but I actually played all the way through.
And then I kept getting to the last stage, and because my hand hurt so bad, I couldn't hit the fire button fast enough, so I kept also not counteracting the fire that was coming at me and kept dying.
And it turns out that when you have to continue, it starts you off from the beginning of the stage.
and I just said you know what fuck a bunch of this and you know I'm not gonna do it so I uh I put it down and then promptly went to go put my hand in a big thing of ice water cause it really really hurt and um
Then I also played a lot of the Namco Museum package that we picked up.
And, you know, just some Galaga and some Pac-Man.
Wait, is this the 360 compilation?
Okay, so this is like the Galaga Resurrection and some of the arcade titles they've put out over the past couple years.
They kind of butchered the Galaga...
I had more fun going back and playing Galaga 88 Dan and I were actually talking about this is more fun on TurboGrafx It's not a bad collection, it's a really good collection I love Namco, yay Namco, kiss kiss We were going to play some Symphony of the Night and as it turned out, Dan hasn't authorized our Xbox yet
So I can't play it.
Even though we have it on his account, I can't play it.
And I was like... So then I started playing a lot of Blue Dragon.
And I love, love, love, love, love Blue Dragon.
And I just got back to their village.
If anyone who's played the game knows where that is.
What part of the game I'm at.
Now that game took a lot of shit for being kind of generic, for being kind of not that impressive, some people have said, for considering who all's behind it.
You know what?
They can bite me.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
But I mean, it has the charm of... I've noticed this typically about games that Toriyama designs, that they tend to have that charm that comes with his art style.
And I love that.
That was fantastic for me.
And Uematsu's music, I mean, oh my god, Uematsu.
It made me happy.
See, I get that, but I'm way more about Lost Odyssey than I was Blue Dragon.
I didn't think Blue Dragon was as terrible as a lot of folks made it out to be, but I just thought it was, eh, it's aight.
It's a new story, something to play through, but something that you can pick up that will automatically be familiar to you.
So for me, it's been filling my must-play Super Nintendo with a more comfortable controller.
and of course I've been playing Sims 3.
I started another family because the game decided to fart on one of mine.
Well, technically what happened is that someone turned off my computer while I was in the middle of a game and didn't save said game.
So it was either the spouse or Windows updates, which I thought I had turned those off too.
So, whatever.
Oh, I've also been playing on Gaia.
I like the booty grab.
Going to the chat room at chat.orangelaunchradio.com for questions and comments.
Ray Ayanami asked DarkSakura, hold it, which game on RFA, which is Raiden Fighters, and was it on one credit?
Um, actually, no, because like I said, my hand hurt a lot, so I played the first one.
Um, and, you know, I was really just gonna sit down and see what it was like, because I hadn't played the Aces ones, so I played through and...
Yeah, I really don't have the fine control that I used to because, like I said, my hand has been sticking with a suture in it, and my tendons are healing themselves, so I haven't really been able to play like I might have a few years ago.
So, no, I didn't do it on one credit.
But hopefully in a couple months that'll be all better, right?
Yeah, well, when it's all better, I'm going to be going back to R-Type.
All right.
Loki, how about you and your gaming week?
I played DDR, that was it.
That's all I played is DDR.
Not DDR, what the hell am I talking about?
I didn't play any DDR.
I'm a DDR freak, so, you know.
Really?
This is actually kind of noteworthy.
I'm like, you actually started exercising.
What is this?
Eventually I will, but no, I'm a green DDR freak, so.
No, I've been playing Grand Theft Auto all week long, and we have been recording our multiplayer games.
Because Grand Theft Auto and DDR have so much in common.
Okay, it's a three-letter acronym I was looking to say, and I was staring at DDR Freak, that's why I made the slip, okay?
So, whatever.
With all due respect to the many friends I made on there, including you guys, since when was DDR Freak relevant again?
It's not.
I'm looking at... I'm trying to... Okay.
Because I have my pads that I've built.
You remember when I built them?
Hell, it was that long ago.
I've used them since... No, I haven't used them since then.
So, I have them sitting in my garage.
And I'm just seeing if it's going to be more advantageous to actually purchase some already pre-done arcade-style pads for DDR.
Um...
or should I just fix it?
Because right now I have to ground the pads because the static electricity being built up by the Lexin arrows, it causes the thing I have it attached to to interpret the keys to short out because it just builds up static electricity and shocks it.
Which is not good because it'll stop working after about two minutes.
And then I have to reboot the whole computer.
So...
Grand Theft Auto Grand Theft Auto
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
something funny and set the music as good because the Orange Launch Radio channel needs more content it's in HD so it'll be awesome yeah because that new capture thing I have is awesome it works so well so it'll make things a lot easier for capturing video to put on the site
I'm getting an arcade cabinet.
Really?
Is it an actual game or what is it?
It's an arcade cabinet.
Just the cabinet?
Yes.
For what?
What do you plan to put on it?
Mame.
Mame.
DDR.
Alright.
It's a candy cabinet.
Do you know what a candy cabinet is?
I haven't the slightest idea what that is.
You know those cabinets that line Arcade Infinity?
Oh yeah, like the ones you sit down and play?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
That's a candy cabinet.
Oh, cool.
The Japanese style ones.
Yeah.
Well, those are pretty cool.
Yes, there's a deal going on.
There's the Neo Geo forums or whatever.
I found it looking for something else, actually.
Because at one time I wanted to buy a DDR machine.
But then I had to scale down my wishes because a DDR machine would cost me at least $2,500.
Probably more than that.
And that's just not affordable.
So a candy cab, actually, I'm looking at was a new Astro City machine.
which is a Sega made one and it's supposed to run somewhere around $450 I think and they're basically doing a big bulk shipment and they have some extras available they're being shipped to San Francisco so hopefully I'm trying to get the guy to send me a personal message again so I can actually put down a deposit for it because they're supposed to be coming between now and September so
That'd be awesome, because then I'm going to hook it up to become like a little, short, stubby DDR machine.
You sure it's actually DDR and not Grand Theft Auto?
It can be both.
Actually, we were thinking about getting one of those for all of our Neo Geo.
Well, you should act on this.
I mean, 400 bucks and they're shipping them already.
Actually, they're already on a boat.
They're on a boat?
They're already on a boat on the way here.
Yes, they're on a motherfucking boat.
So they're already on their way over.
It's just, you know, he's trying to sell 30 of them.
Otherwise, he's going to keep them and sell them for higher.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Let's see my gaming week.
Okay, so Wednesday, we all got a patch on Xbox Live, right?
And everybody had to update to this new patch that added all this new stuff in Netflix and blah, blah, blah.
Kind of changed some things with the achievements and so on.
So I'm going to download that and I'm messing with the achievements and stuff for a little bit.
Thought I'd look at Netflix and I like the fact that you can add the movies from the Netflix channel now.
You can kind of browse through what new movies are out and things.
I thought that was pretty awesome.
Then I turn it off and I'm off doing other things for a while.
And then I'm bored, so I put a tweet up on Twitter that says, Hi, I'm bored.
Who wants to play Rock Band?
So a couple of the OLR listeners are like, Me, me, me.
So they invite me into a game.
We're playing some Rock Band.
Da-da-da-da-da.
I have to step away for a little bit because I've got to do some other errands real quick.
And I've got other things I've got to do.
But then I go back after about 20 minutes, turn on the Xbox 360 again, and then... It starts doing... That's actually the sound it makes.
It just starts throwing up everywhere and making all these like...
and DarkSakura.
There's a handful of people on Twitter who claim that happened, but I made this whole YouTube and I posted it to the Orange Entree channel and most people are telling me, nah, you just have lucky timing and your system's about to red ring.
Well, I can fucking tell that.
It's obviously about to red ring.
It's broken already.
I mean, it's not getting past a certain point, red ring or not.
So, congratulations me, my Xbox is broke.
And, wouldn't you know it, I'm just outside the three year warranty thing.
That means they can open it up.
I'm like three years and six months after it.
That means I get to open it up.
You want to open it up?
We'll see.
We can fix it.
I fixed one out of two.
I've had a few.
Oh, goody.
Hey, 50% is better than 0%.
Sounds like my trauma center record.
Look, I don't know.
I'm kind of all about fixing it, but at the same time, I'm like, you know, and there's a story later on about price cuts, and I'm like, maybe I'll just wait and just get the elite system because I kind of want the new stuff.
But hold on a minute.
Why am I allowing myself to think this way?
Why do I even need to be worrying about repairs and so on in the first place?
Thanks for watching!
You're preaching to the choir, okay?
I have five systems that have died, okay?
My Dreamcast is ten years old and still works.
We've been celebrating the Genesis on Bobby Blackwolf's show tonight.
He was talking a lot about that.
That just celebrated its 20th anniversary.
And, you know, those still work.
I have a room full of consoles that are older than most of our listeners' ages combined in the back room of my house that, guess what?
Still work!
Except for the Atari 7800, but it's the hour supply, so let's not talk about that.
It's just...
Thank you for watching!
And I'll see you in the next one.
to bring in a more sociological aspect to it.
Sorry, this is the way the world is.
Because your initial systems were broken.
It's the fact that people would rather be complacent than put any effort into changing a situation in general.
And so enough people just let it go and they can get away with it.
But enough people complain about something and something might eventually happen.
You know...
If they think that they can get away with it this long, they're just going to keep getting away with it.
Until enough people hold them accountable.
That's all there is to that.
All I have to say is that it just sucks.
The whole thing just sucks, and Microsoft sucks, and you suck for not making more of a stink about it.
Not you specifically, but you as gamers in general.
And I suck for not realizing this before, and everything sucks.
And the fact that I'm going to have to buy a new 360 sucks too.
Actdeft is apologizing to me in chat, but you don't need to apologize.
It's not your fault.
Stop apologizing.
People who apologize for things that aren't their fault sucks.
Just kidding.
But the fact that it broke during a Rock Band 2 OL Army session nonetheless sucks.
Well, that's actually the big thing that I think is a problem with the industry as it is now, with almost anything actually, is that too many people are just more willing to, oh, I don't want a conflict, I don't want to put the effort into it, I don't want to do this about it, oh, well, that's just how it is, that's how things are going to be, you know?
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
This is what I want.
This is what I want every media outlet.
This is what I want every person.
This is what I want every gamer to ask Microsoft about their new system.
Will it last more than three years?
Does this system red ring?
Those are the questions I want Microsoft to be asked to their face and have to answer.
Why should I trust you that your system is not another pile of poop?
I do it.
Okay, so this hasn't been done yet.
I think that what we should do also is, and this is actually something as a community, have you ever heard of a site called starbucked.com?
No, but is this stuff to do with Battlestar Galactica?
No.
It's about a person who had such a horrible customer service experience with Starbucks that he created a consumer advocacy site so that people could voice their concerns regarding problems they've had with Starbucks and other things.
And his problem was actually something that could have been fixed if one person had gotten off their ass and helped him properly.
So I think that I should make a site, and don't nobody make it for me unless you want to make me an admin of it, is a red-ringed
Oh, there's gotta be a site like that already.
I was at work on Friday and I mentioned we had some downtime because our systems were down and I mentioned, oh yeah, my Xbox.
And people I never suspected even played video games like outside of like Madden and stuff were saying, oh, you got the Red Rings, huh?
Yeah, I got that too.
And like everybody in class was piping up, oh yeah, the Red Rings.
Oh, I know the Red Rings.
Well, you know what?
If I pulled up everything on Twitter that had Red Ring of Death, printed it out in black and white, because I want to save my color cartridges, and mailed the stack of papers to Microsoft and go, look!
I don't think they do anything, because people are still buying 360s.
But what's it do?
So it doesn't boot up now, or does it just not play your games?
It does a blblbl thing after it's been on like two minutes.
Sometimes during the boot, sometimes while I'm in the middle of a game.
Doesn't matter.
To be honest, I haven't really tried it since that one night.
So, that's where I'm at.
To be perfectly honest though, I think we're on our third 360, but keep in mind we have an advantage.
I just want the history of gaming to put a black mark on, excuse me, a red mark on Xbox.
A red ring around the Xbox.
A red ring on the Xbox 360 for this travesty.
And the fact that they're covering it up very well.
I mean, has there been any console in history that has the hardware issues that the 360 has?
The reason why they, I think, are being able to keep their head afloat regarding everything is the fact that they've been so quick to replace systems, too.
Honestly, Rob, I think you should still give a call, give a try.
Say, hey, I bought this before...
All this was going on, you guys owe me.
See what happens.
If they want to keep your business as a customer, they're going to bend over backwards.
Bobby says the PS2.
Bobby actually says a lot in chat.
Let me read some of the comments from chat.
Bobby says, Microsoft knows, they know, they won't admit it, but they know.
Yeah, he says his original Xbox still works.
So does mine.
Mine does too.
And he goes on to say the difference between the PS2 and the 360 is that there were no blogs when the PS2s were failing in mass.
And, you know, that's certainly a legitimate viewpoint.
I don't know.
See, here's the thing, though.
I don't know anyone that had a PS2 that failed outside of people I've met on the internet.
Like, when I was gaming, I didn't know anybody that had a failed PS2.
Mine didn't fail.
I know, like, 50 people that have had 360s fail.
However, I have a first model Japanese PS2.
Guess what?
It still works.
Yeah, my Japanese PS2 still works too.
Bobby says, I'm on my fifth PS2 and you met me in person.
I guess that's true.
But you know what I mean.
My Japanese PS2 still works perfectly and those are the ones that were definitely having problems back in the day.
My PS2 that I have now works perfectly.
I do have a stack of PS1s, by the way.
The lawsuit seeks $5 million in damages and the free repair of any console rendered unusable by the update.
This will be the second such lawsuit filed against Microsoft, the first having been filed in 2005, shortly after the da-da-da, etc.
Unfortunately, not enough people had their consoles borked by this update, and people are telling me up and down it wasn't the update.
All I know is that it sure is convenient timing for this to happen.
Have you tried running it without the hard drive?
I haven't.
Should I try that?
Yes.
Okay, I'll try that and see what happens.
I'll see you next time.
Alright, anyhow, other stuff I played my gaming week, because I have much more in my gaming week than just Abort360 that I still... By the way, my resolution right now is I'm not doing anything until this rumored price drop we'll get to later in the show.
Maybe I'll get it repaired, I don't know.
Right now I'm leaning towards just getting a new 360.
Get a new one and make sure it's a new Elite, not an older Elite that people have been sitting on forever that...
That's what I'll try and do.
But anyhow, what I wanted to get into elsewhere in my gaming week, because this is something that deserves positive talk and not negative talk, is Ion Online I played a little more of.
They had their next closed beta, I guess the final one.
It's the second closed beta I've participated in.
and I got to play the game a lot more than two weeks ago the first time I played the beta for Ion Online I still feel like I've only really scratched the surface of the game and I was having a lot of problems with graphics stuff the game doesn't work too hot with Vista but I found if I ran in full screen windowed mode I was able to get a much better frame rate so you know just you have to really tinker with those settings and at least they've made it very customizable in the graphics and so on
Guess what?
Ragnarok Online has that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I want to play.
Yeah.
Hold on, I'm reading comments from chat here.
Yes, to publicly acknowledge it because it keeps going back and forth in chat, I am aware that CC Gaming repairs 360s and would also take the 360 for scrap.
I just haven't decided what I want to do yet.
Because I'd have to ship it, which is going to be money, but I don't know.
I want some time to think and try these other solutions too before I just commit to one particular solution.
So certainly that's something I'm heavily considering.
But we'll see.
All right, that's it for our gaming weeks.
Let's get into... Here, I have a present for you.
What's this present?
Ooh, present.
Some of my more obscure Bimani stuff.
You burned me a DVD mini.
Yeah.
I remember you used to use CD minis all the time.
Now it's DVD minis.
Well, it's because they were cheap by the spindle, and the pre-show fit on them perfectly.
All my stuff was just fine.
But the next one I'm going to burn you is an actual DVD.
Okay.
All right, let's get into some housekeeping tonight, of which we don't have a lot, but we will continue to plug our Twitter at OLR, and then, of course, we're on Facebook as the OL Army.
We have a MySpace, supposedly, too.
Is anyone on MySpace anymore?
No, we had some friend requests there the other day, so I guess we do.
And, yeah, LiveJournal, Orange Launch.
MySpace is so 2005.
It really is.
Okay, let's get into some gaming news, then, and we'll start with Loki.
Yes, there is a couple rumors regarding some Wii software, one of which is, of course, Wii Fit.
There is a rumored price point for it, which, of course, not too surprising.
They have the bundle at the $89.99 price point, which is...
or I should say $99.99 price point.
That's a little higher, that's kind of weird.
But anyways, that's pretty close to what the normal Wii Fit bundle is.
Then of course, the rumor is the standalone game is going to be $29.99 as well.
No word exactly on when those are going to be officially announced, but I don't know, it sounds about right to me.
$29.99 for a game that's not too different than the original, sounds fair, I guess.
Maybe.
The other weird thing, though, that they have... And this is also coming from a marketing survey, apparently.
They have a slide that shows what appears to be some sort of new peripheral that's going to be with a game that's like a bicycling game.
And the peripheral itself actually looks like one of those... Oh, gosh, what's...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You can do almost like a prop copter type thing.
You can rotate one of the things to spin a rotisserie barbecue.
They have downhill racing, you name it.
And then, of course, the usual calorie tracking and that kind of stuff.
But, I mean, it looks kind of cool and definitely something I could see on the Wii.
So, no word on what that is.
I'm guessing it's probably a third party putting that out.
Probably someone like Ubisoft or...
EA or something well it wouldn't surprise me too that if one of these like bicycling things got picked up because it seems like at E3 remember when there was like Kensha Hall and everything we would see something like this demoed down there like a bicycling exercise game so there's some companies exploring this have been for a long time I wouldn't be surprised if it even was Nintendo doing it or something just maybe that one screenshot's kind of misleading because the one character doesn't look like a me but I mean everything doesn't have to look like a me in the games but who knows yeah
The other thing is, it sort of looks like an island setting, and I know that they've talked about, you know, putting the other games on that stupid island that they created for Wii Fit and Wii Sports Resort.
Wii Fit's on an island?
Well, they have, like, the Jogging is on an island.
Oh, yeah, that's right, okay.
So, I don't know if it's the same island, but it's very similar.
Skinny Island, what would the name of that island be?
It's Woohoo Island or something.
Woohoo Island?
I think that's what they called it.
Woohoo, I'm not fat anymore, yay!
or Sex Island as Sims would call it.
Wow.
I don't know.
It's neat.
I would be more excited about the pedal thing than I would be the Wii Fit balance board because at least the pedal thing, you know, it seems like exercise whereas the balance board, you're just kind of standing there leaning back and forth.
I don't know.
Again, our good friend Bobby just piping up with all sorts of trivia tonight saying Miyamoto wants that to become one of the new characters that is indeed Woohoo Island is the name of where all this takes place.
Well, I don't want to see any other like games with the island, you know, running around doing stuff, you know.
Mario at Woohoo Island, you know, killing Koopas, or... Oh, wait for it.
It'll happen.
Or the new Smash Bros.
game with Woohoo Island as a playable character.
Oh, I betcha.
That'll be a stage.
It'll be a stage.
No, it'll be a character.
The island is a character.
The island will be a character.
He said it himself, that the island's a character.
Spoiler right there.
I mean, how do you face off against a whole island?
You can't.
X-Men did it.
Giant Size X-Men number one.
Uh-huh.
Oh my gosh.
Told you I'm a geek.
So, I don't know.
What do you guys think of this?
Is this bicycle peripheral something that would interest you guys, or no?
It'd be interesting to see it, but once again, I'd probably use it about as much as I do Wii Fit.
Wii Fit, though, it fills the space underneath my TV stand.
That's it.
You should lend it to me.
Thanks for watching!
If the game was fun and the bike thing actually worked, because she's actually sitting on the couch or something, right?
Yeah, she's sitting on the couch using the pedal.
And the bike is kind of there.
If that is actually sturdy, then that might be cool.
I don't know, though.
We'll have to see.
I like exercise bikes and stuff.
It might be a fun way to do it.
You know what?
I can go to my gym and play my Game Boy on the bike.
But that's also how much a month?
I don't pay a whole lot for my gym.
I'm out of contract.
I see.
Alright, moving on to some other news, talking about something on the DS as opposed to the Nintendo Wii.
Dragon Quest IX, of course, was a huge game over in Japan when it came out, as all Dragon Quest games are.
And so, of course, the question is, when is it going to come out over here?
Well, apparently, there was a Q&A session this week with investors, and the president of Squeenix, Yoishi Wada, said that they are considering...
releasing Dragon Quest IX overseas and still deciding which regions are actually going to get it.
And they don't plan to release it until after April of 2010.
They're assholes is basically what it is.
I'm serious.
It's just like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Dragon Quest VIII
Look, I'm going to say something that I know is going to piss some people off, but I kind of don't care because I'm just keeping it real.
This is the case when I support piracy, honestly.
When these foreign companies are too stubborn to release the games over here, I say, you know what?
Then if you can understand Japanese, copy the Japanese one and get it.
Why do you even have to worry about that?
Because they have people that will translate it, and then they'll add a patch to the ROM, and boom, it's in English.
And I know I'm going to take some flack for that comment, but I kind of don't care, because I was doing that with DDR years ago, when they refused to release that over here.
And you know what?
When they finally released it over here, I bought every single one, even when they were crap, for quite a while.
And Konami thanks you for that by releasing even crappier games.
I know, I know.
And the lesson we learned there?
That doesn't matter.
But I just... This kind of news that, like, they just...
I'm all about, like, I understand resources and that there's other games they want to do and maybe they want to do some things that are outside the box and so forth, but I don't know.
This thing kind of just reeks of, and we just don't feel like it right now, type thing.
And some folks in chat, GameGuru says, Mother 3 in Actdeft speaks up with the Mother 3 fan translation.
Yeah, I'm all for that too.
I don't understand why they just won't take... I can't imagine it takes that long to translate a game, especially when you have fans that translate it for you.
I mean, that's got to be the ultimate kick in the pants.
When you have these fan companies beating you to it.
People that are paid 40 hours a week to do this.
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
Keep in mind, though, that when they do it themselves, not only do they have to pay translator, they have to pay writer.
They have to take the time to change anything in-game graphically that they need to translate from one language to another.
They have to pay someone to localize it.
I don't know that other people might have gotten because the joke is... It was actually a pun, you know?
So, really, there are things that are lost in translation that you do have to go through reorganizing for the cultural element to make it something that would be understood by your audience.
So, there is actually a good deal of cost that comes in with the translation process when you are paying for it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Production cost in the actual physical copies of the game.
There's shipment.
You have to deal with a lot of money.
That they would make back on Dragon Quest IX?
But when they also, and again I'm doing this straight from a business perspective, they have to look at previous sales and look at what their overhead was versus how much they actually made.
Yeah, because their last few games that they've localized over here, at least on the 360 and stuff, haven't done that great.
I mean, Star Ocean, Last Hope wasn't all that great.
The Last Remnant was not that great at all.
The game itself wasn't that great.
And then the one before that, which I don't remember the name off the top of my head, but that didn't do that well either.
It's just...
I don't know.
Was that Infinite Undiscovery?
Yes, Infinite Undiscovery.
But there's just a lot of weird stuff that they're doing.
Like, you know, Chrono Trigger did alright, but I mean, shit, dude.
It's just a ROM that they're basically running off an emulator.
I mean, that's basically all they did.
You can't tell me that they programmed the engine from scratch and rebuilt the game.
I'm sorry, I don't buy that at all.
And I could totally see them going the route of like,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and their tactical... I don't remember the other Final Fantasy tactical game that they had.
The Tower Defense one is kind of just... This is alright, but they haven't really been having that many good hits lately.
And other than Final Fantasy 4 and 3 and stuff like that on DS, when they actually remade them, that was kind of cool.
Because there's effort put into it, and it's Final Fantasy...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm looking at some comments in chat.
Gripper01, excuse me, I'm chewing ice here, says, plus with fan translations, they are not censored like the early Final Fantasy translations.
Apparently, GameGuru is saying, Atlus even offered to publish Mother 3 for Nintendo, and Nintendo of Japan denied it.
And I guess this whole back and forth is that because of all the parody in the games...
Nintendo of America is afraid of getting sued, so they want to make some changes, and Nintendo of Japan won't let them.
It's just weird, that whole mess.
Have they released it on a virtual console or something like that?
Mother 3 is a DS game, so no.
It's a Game Boy Advance game, but they could still do it.
I don't know.
I mean, it's basically a Super Nintendo game.
Money, it all comes down to money.
I guess.
Alright, well, let's move on with some more news while I steam over not having Dragon Quest IX.
I guess it's not that bad because this is a DS game and I don't have the attention span for DS games, so whatever.
Well, how about something else that you'd have to have a bit of an attention span if you plan on finishing it at all?
Mega Man 9.
There's new download content.
And guess what it does?
It makes the game harder!
Why?
You have superhero mode!
Which costs a dollar.
A whole dollar?
A whole dollar.
It's 80 Microsoft points.
and it basically just keeps it increases the number of enemies that you're going to see on screen at any given time in the game.
So yeah, it's for all you people who want the next big challenge.
It's basically for people who like Asshole Mario.
Or who have those leftover points that you just can't seem to get rid of.
Dude, I have leftover points that I can't seem to get rid of.
Everything is in multiples of 100, except rock band songs.
That would be kind of cool if they did that for Super Mario Bros.
Like re-release Mario Bros.
with a level editor or something like that, and then have it where you can share levels online.
Of course, that would be innovative and used online, so Nintendo would never buy that.
But a perfect example of something you can do...
Simple.
You don't have to actually program really a whole ton to it.
Release it.
People would love it.
And you'd get a lot of money back.
You don't have to put a lot of effort in.
Because Nintendo certainly doesn't do that.
Yeah, but then they'd get sued for copying LittleBigPlanet.
Yeah, I'm in the camp that's like, isn't Mega Man 9 hard enough?
I guess there's definitely the hardcore fans that have the whole pattern.
I haven't played it yet.
I bought it a long time ago, but I still haven't heard it.
It's hard.
I only was able to beat three or four of the robots before I was like, okay, I'm spent.
I'm done.
You know what I'd like to see?
I'd actually like to see a new Rockman and Forte.
That would make me happy.
How about some Mega Man 9 easy mode content?
I'd pay a dollar for that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I think that's every Mega Man fan's like dream game is like just Mega Man orgy where it's like all what 81 master robots or however many they've had over the series not even counting X I'm not even going to throw the X series into it because that could be like the sequel when this game does well but the Mega Man orgy would just be a game where it's like all 81 robots going at it at once
and then do it like Metroid style which is a very interesting orgy considering one of which considering one of those robots is a woman and there are other 80 year men just do it do it all Metroid style and make the legends like Mega Man Legends tie that in there oh that would be hot that would be a good game but it has to remain 2D it has to remain 2D
I was thinking of a game that just kind of had all 81 stages in it and playable at once, but I like your idea of a Metroidvania-style Mega Man game with all the robots.
That's pretty cool.
And if you totally used the escape velocity thing, then you would be able to go back to your last save point location, do weird warps like that, and then Samus would come out and kick Mega Man's ass.
So you totally took my game.
But that actually is... Okay, we're putting that under Dream Games.
And four-player co-op because that would be awesome.
Just for fun.
Just for fun.
That's under Dream Games now for Orange Lounge Radio.
It's an official Dream Game.
What, Mega Man Orgy?
Yeah, Mega Man Orgy.
Or as I like what Actdeft calls it in chat, Mega 10 RGY.
So the zero is an O in orgy.
I like that.
Okay.
I like that one.
You are now marketing director of this game.
Okay.
Congratulations on your promotion.
You now get a non-existent job.
So add that to the wiki that's going on the list.
Oh, and at the end, there's a big butt.
What?
Are you high?
It's an easter egg.
You know, like when you can hold the buttons down and the stars turn into chickens.
DarkSakura.com
Exactly.
This is why it doesn't need to be on the list, because that list is just ridiculous stuff.
This is ridiculous.
It's never going to happen.
Well, it's just because it's never going to happen.
It's just, I don't have, I don't know.
I'm sure there's people out there that have done custom Mega Man games, and it wouldn't be that difficult.
The chat room would like to point out that what you're describing could be Guts Man's ass.
It could be.
Easter egg in the game, you know, beat Guts Man with a certain number of life left, and you get a butt.
What is wrong with you?
What is wrong with me for finding this funny?
How old am I?
Like five?
Seriously?
It doesn't matter.
It's all for fun.
Fun does not require an age.
Alright, but fun requires a new story real quick here before this show literally goes down the crapper.
Speaking of your butt, Nintendo has patented a brand new inflatable cushion that you would use for a horseback riding game.
Why?
That's the most retarded thing I've ever heard.
It looks absolutely awful.
Basically, their picture that they have, first off, looks like this grown man dressed up like a little kid.
Which is creepy enough, if you ask me.
And then, the actual cushion itself is literally just like an inner tube that they have strapped the Wii Remote to and you rock back and forth.
I think that's supposed to be a kid.
I understand it's supposed to be a kid, but it looks like a man-child.
So what is this for?
For a finely arcade perfect port of Final Furlong, or what is this?
It's for, I don't know, sitting on your butt.
It's for those racing games that they have where you sit on the Wii balance board, but if you have hemorrhoids, you can't do it, so then you can sit on the cushion.
Is this where your butt gets a little tickle if you do well on the game?
Is that what this is for?
Oh.
It looks stupid, I mean seriously.
That's what this Wii inflatable cushion reminds me of.
I'm going to have that in my living room.
Let me describe how this works first off.
Thank you.
Wild, wacky action bike.
Thank you.
As if it wasn't completely obvious.
It's an inflatable air cushion or other type of seat with pockets for the Wii remote.
It's for simulating horseback riding or riding of other animals, real or imagined, or even vehicles.
For example, you can indicate the gait of a horse by gently moving forward and backward on the cushion to go slow or fast forward and backward rocking motions to gallop.
So basically this game will adjust your speed based on how fast you hump the cushion.
Awesome.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Outro Outro
I can just see the whole rocking back and forth.
The whole thing deflates while you're playing it.
Like, how sad.
Is this for real?
It's for real.
Is this Nintendo making the patent?
Or whatever this is.
You know what this thing kind of looks like to me?
You know those...
Okay, you know at the gym they have the inflatable balls and they have the ones that are half size?
This sort of makes me think of those just with another rocking thing put on it.
This one also looks really... It looks like a wacky action bike, okay?
It's not necessary!
I mean, seriously, how many games are you going to play where you're riding a horse?
It's absolutely not necessary and why the hell would they patent this?
Well, keep in mind, though, it's a good idea to... They could patent something and not actually bring it out, but it keeps someone else from doing it.
GameGuru in chat says, we find out why it's called WooHoo Island.
Great.
So we're going to get WooHoo biking and WooHoo horse riding with this thing.
It's just strange.
I mean, why can't you... Although, although...
If this is legit, if this is a real thing that Nintendo is planning, you know you can't wait for that press conference when Reggie Fils-Aimé comes out on one of these.
Next year's E3 press conference is when you're just like, oh my god, Nintendo has seriously just fucking lost it this time.
The last two years of press conferences were bad, but now when Reggie Fils-Aimé comes rolling out on one of these things, you're just going to be like, oh my god, this is just difficult to watch.
I would love to go there and just walk out.
and walk out right at that.
Well, that's it.
I'm done.
I'm done.
I give up.
This is absolutely stupid.
That's what I seriously want.
Can somebody please do that at E3?
Somebody who's special enough to get invited to Nintendo's conference.
Somebody who doesn't mind getting blacklisted a little bit.
That's it.
I'm done.
This is so stupid.
I'm out of here.
See ya.
That's it.
I am done.
D-U-N done.
And get up and walk out.
There is no practical use for this whatsoever.
It's a big device that holds a remote that shakes it back and forth.
How difficult would it be to take this same horse riding game and just shake the remote slow to go slow, shake it faster to go faster.
Oh my god, look at that.
I didn't have to buy any more peripherals.
Can you imagine the size of the box this game is going to come in if it's just this giant device?
Well, you probably have to inflate it yourself.
It probably comes in a small box and...
You have to inflate it yourself.
You know what?
The whole talk about the cushion thing just sort of made my brain shut off, so I decided to look at Teriyaki Doritos instead.
Will you stop being so random?
First you want our Mega Man game to have a butt.
Then you say, I don't care about inflatable Nintendo cushion.
This could be the biggest joke of the year.
I want Teriyaki Doritos.
Really.
I really want Teriyaki Doritos right now.
this is gonna be one of those shows where it's like this is gonna be one of those shows because I'm sorry the whole concept of this cushion thing literally made my brain shut off for like a minute and then by the time I came back to consciousness I was looking at teriyaki doritos you know the best part about this is is that the I bet you the Wii remote's not sensitive enough to sense these little rocking motions that are in that would be the punchline to the whole thing
Let's see, some comments in chat.
Frisbee says, my name is Reggie.
I'm about kicking ass, taking names, and fucking a pillow.
Boy oh boy.
Gripper01 in chat says... Seriously, is this something we need to be teaching our kids?
I mean... Hold on, shush.
Gripper01 says, I'm still waiting for Excitebots to be released in the UK.
Nintendo hates Europe.
Well, hey, at least you'll have this peripheral, possibly.
So is this going to break certain girls' hymens, just like, you know, flashback writing?
I mean, are they going to become women just from playing this game?
That's what I want to know, because...
Oh my god!
Just chalk that up to the list of Wii injuries.
Broken lamp, shattered television screen, broken hymen.
Just add that to the list.
Oh my god, Loki.
Why did you go there?
Because that's horseback riding.
Hello.
It was on topic.
Hymen Breaker Wii 2009.
Okay, I think we can pretty much just sum it up.
This is a horrible idea.
You know what?
Is it Nintendo horrible?
You know what?
Here's the thing.
It's kind of interesting.
In all honesty, all jokes aside, to see somebody putting a respectable, reputable game company behind an inflatable pillow that will move, you really have to wonder, where are they going with this?
It could be interesting.
I see potential modifications involving the Rez vibrator.
It is hard for me to be serious about this, Rob.
I think, if anything, this is a sign of hope because it gives me hope that at any conference that they hold from now on, I'm hoping that I see this.
What's her name?
That new one?
What's her name?
Piper?
What the heck's her name?
That Perrin?
Is that her name?
I want her to come out on one of these.
Palin?
No.
She autographed an Xbox, supposedly.
That's doing horrible things for my imagination right now.
Alright.
Let's move on, please, to another story.
And we're going to talk about, hey, other Nintendo Wii news, but this one is actually a lot more serious, I'm sorry to say.
32 gigabyte SD cards will soon be usable in Wiis.
Actually, I think they already take the 32 gigabyte, or sorry, gigabyte, yeah, gigabyte cards, right?
Yes.
They take them now.
But here's the thing is that
Apparently, right now, if you want to use download content, you can store it on the card, but you have to copy it over to the actual Wii console every time you want to use it.
But not for much longer.
Apparently, pretty soon, you will be able to play your download content directly off of the SD cards, which will finally justify Nintendo's choice to not put a hard drive in these things.
Because as you can change out the cards and so on, that's kind of cool.
But apparently, there's a new IGN report saying that all the tricks used for both Guitar Hero and Rock Band in the past, leaving internal memory open, is gone.
Instead, straight up booting off the SD card is available, and that means easier downloads, larger expansions, and quicker loads when bringing in song data from the SD card into Guitar Hero 5.
And apparently that's the first game that's going to be able to use this.
And no support from Nintendo.
So they just figured this out on their own.
Interesting.
I'm curious to see if any other developers are going to use this other than companies that are just trying to mirror what they're doing on the 360 and the PS3.
It does piss me off, though, that they haven't done any download content other than, I guess, Animal Crossing.
But Animal Crossing, you don't really actually buy the download content, I don't think.
It's just kind of something that comes in the mail, just like you get used to.
It's probably already in the game anyways.
Yeah.
I'm kind of pissed off that they aren't actually doing any expansions and stuff for these new games that they're putting out.
And even still, let's support the MP3 stuff before on the SD cards, and then now with the newer games, oh, sorry, we're not going to do that anymore.
It's like, you're taking a step backwards, come on!
Well, at least I'm glad to hear that they're putting in that functionality that really should have been there from the get-go, but hey, better late than never, right?
Yep.
So, you know, but ironically enough, though, I haven't bought really a lot of virtual console games in a long, long time.
There's some stuff coming up later in the show that I find interesting, but as far as, you know, virtual console stuff, there really hasn't been a lot lately I've been interested in, except the Final Fantasy IV WiiWare game.
What about the WiiWare game that's that Nick's Quest...
I haven't heard of this.
What's that?
Nick's Quest.
It used to be called Icarian something or whatever.
It's like Kid Icarus, basically.
Oh, neat.
No, I hadn't heard of this.
They changed it because apparently Icarian Quest or whatever it was called is too close to Kid Icarus and Nintendo got pissed.
And of course the classic game of the week before we end Part A tonight.
EMI Warner Universal
Delilah, there's also Viva La Vida, some stuff from that album.
But the big thing, Rob, that should make you happy is if there's ABBA, you get four-part harmony.
Awesome.
Yeah, but I'm kind of done on the karaoke games.
I mean, is there really room in the marketplace right now for yet another karaoke game?
Well, I would play this one, though, because it wouldn't be me singing by myself.
I guess it's cool that, you know, because the Wii doesn't really have a lot of karaoke games that I know of.
I think there's some overseas.
Yeah, there is.
Like, they have a karaoke channel, right?
And then Konami's Karaoke Revolution game is out on Wii or is coming out.
Their new one's out on Wii.
They have American Idol.
It's on Wii.
Oh, do they?
Yeah, American Idol Encore.
Rock Band, Guitar Hero
Lips is... Which is too bad because it's by the guys who did Elite Beat Agents.
Yet they're still doing another one, though.
Are they really?
Yeah, remember?
Lips number one hits coming out this September.
That's right, I remember that.
I was under the impression that Singing Star was actually doing better than Lips.
Maybe that's just because Europe... Singing Star is the karaoke game in Europe.
It's very... I like Singing Star.
They have a lot of versions coming out.
You actually got me to play that.
SingStar's fun.
I like SingStar.
But I don't like singing.
Which is weird.
I wouldn't consider myself a rabid SingStar fan, but yet I have SingStar Volume 1, Volume 2, and ABBA all on PS3, and I want SingStar Queen.
I would get that.
We should do another SingStar party at your house.
I think it'd be fun.
SingStar party.
Okay.
I'll bring people.
We'll have to make that happen.
Maybe later today weekend.
I'll bring someone who's listening right now.
Since I'm not going to PAX, I'm thinking SingStar Party.
This might have to happen.
Let's have our own PAX.
We'll call it OLR.
TAMPAX.
We'll call it TAMPAX.
No, you need to... We'll call it Tampax.
Well, what time is... Or when's BlizzCon this year?
It's right before PAX, right?
This next weekend is BlizzCon.
Okay.
Yes.
Well, you could just become part of the second annual QQCon.
Ah, QQCon.
I like this idea.
That's right.
I remember QQCon last year.
But this year I'm not sad that I'm not going to BlizzCon because I'm over WoW now.
And WoW got spoiled anyway, so we're going to get to it a little bit later.
You know what?
It just occurred to me.
We could actually rent like an office room or something and have just systems set up and just do OLRCon.
First year OLRCon.
Just some little office.
That's how they start.
I guess that's true.
Airport Hilton.
Airport Hojo.
No, we used to do, actually, we used to have Ground Zero Con in Mobile and they held it at college in the student center.
I like Frisbee's idea.
Packs in the back's yard.
Nice.
We haven't had it.
We remember we used to do the old Baymani parties way back when.
Yeah.
That'd sort of be the same thing.
Just be gamer nerd syndrome party.
Nerd con or something.
Nerd con at my house.
Dude, I've got pinball.
We need to think.
I wonder how much it would cost her in a small space just for the day.
I will look into this.
You should.
You've got time off because of your hand right now.
You need to find us a place to have a con.
Quick poll of chat.
Who would come to OLR con?
Wire N.
Y or N, you would check out for OLRCon.
And your response must be either a Y or an N. Spelled out W-H-Y or E-N.
Because, like I said, I'm random today.
Alright.
We might have to make that happen.
Alright, anyhow, let's get to some release dates while we ponder the idea of an OLRCon.
We can host it at an Olive Garden.
They can cater.
Catered by Olive Garden.
OLRCon catered by Olive Garden.
You know what?
Fuck that.
I cook better than Olive Garden.
I will cook.
At the mall.
with the one room you know the one room that they have that's you know just they had like movies playing in a closed down McDonald's they had this yeah I'm just
I remember that.
That was the strangest anime con I'd ever seen in my life, was the one that was at the mall, where the closed stores served as screening rooms and stuff, and then you'd just see random people in costumes throughout the mall.
Meanwhile, there's people trying to go to Macy's.
It's just so strange.
It's the most awkward thing I've ever seen in my life.
All right, anyhow.
Anyways, this week, not a whole lot coming out.
There are some pretty good games, but it's still kind of that slow part of the summer.
This week on DS, Core, a game from Graffiti.
It's a first-person shooter.
It's been delayed forever, but finally making its way out.
Still Life 2 on PC is coming out this week as well.
My friends on DS...
War Leaders, Clash of Nations Sudoku Ball Detective My Makeup, a game for girls where you do makeup
Delta Force Extreme 2 as well as Plants vs. Zombies, the packaged version is making its way out this week as well.
Wolfenstein on PC, Xbox 360, and PS3 coming out this week.
Spectrobes Origins, a pretty good role-playing game from Disney Interactive making its way out to the Wii this week.
My Dress Up also goes with the My Makeup thing and also for girls.
ATV Quad Kings from Zoo Games and that's the most generic ATV off-road racing game I've ever seen.
Joint Operations Combined Arms coming out on PC this week.
And that is it.
Let me move on to Japan and Japanese release dates.
I was actually going to make a comment about the mind makeup thing.
It could also be for the occasional cross-dresser.
I guess.
Don't say something is just for girls because some boys might be into that.
My character in Ion looks like a drag queen.
Your character in Ion has a fan.
She has a fan.
How amazing is that?
I do have to mention this, though, because I think it is on Steam, but it's an awesome name for a game.
What?
Pizza Morgana, the monsters and manipulations in the magical forest.
Pizza Morgana.
It's an adventure game.
That's kind of a gothic...
Hot Topic looking type thing
Thank you for watching!
Alright, L2, Love Cross Loop is also a game coming out of Japan on the PlayStation 2 this week.
On the Nintendo DS, Live Battle Card is the only new release this week.
It's a very slow release week over in Japan.
I don't know what gives.
There is on the Sony PSP, Heart no Kune no Alice comes out, as well as Ukame Kakushi comes out from Konami this week.
I'm trying to see what kind of game this is, but it doesn't look like any of their series...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
for our buddies in the UK actually we've got a number of releases if you've been able to ignore Madden that game has touched my life because Dan had to go for me in that opening anyway let's move on on the 19th we have Shadow Complex on Xbox 360 did you make a yay?
Oh, the cat's hanging around.
She's about to be dinner in a moment.
On the 20th, Tales of Monkey Island, The Siege of Spinner City.
And the 21st, DJ Star and Raven Squad, Supercar Challenge, and then Wolfenstein.
Oh, it's Wolfenstein.
Anyway, that's it.
Alright, well there's a new patent submitted by Sony.
Apparently it's a device or...
A program to interpret whether you... Or different emotions that you are feeling while playing, I guess, the PS3.
One example that they show is laughter, which apparently they have this really weird-looking guy laughing at a video of somebody kicking themselves in the ass with a machine that they're powering with their own hands.
Will it sense boredom?
Yes.
Well, apparently...
They make that joke too.
Actually, they're saying that not necessarily sure what it would do, but it would be able to sense laughter as well as other emotions.
Sadness, excitement, anger, joy, interest, and boredom.
They say perhaps if the game detects boredom, it could increase the number of enemies on screen.
If it detects anger, the difficulty can go down.
And finally, if it detects sadness and their punchline to the joke, it will tell you just to stop playing Lair.
Um...
I'm wondering though if it's going to detect me laughing when they make an announcement about some new PS3 system or something like that that's going to be more expensive than the previous one, just like the PSP Go, because that would be hilarious.
It's like, ah, you think I'm going to buy that?
Nope.
You know, this peripheral should go with the Nintendo one.
They needed to combine their forces so that it can sense me giggling when I'm riding the inflatable Wii Sack, or whatever it's called.
The Wii Sack.
I like that.
That'll be the name.
Alright, then it's called the Wii Sack until we get a real name for it.
That seems kind of a dumb technology because all I had to do was act angry or something like, Grrr, I'm angry!
And the game gets easier.
I don't know.
What if it doesn't tell you that this is in the game?
People will find out.
They have ways of finding out.
It's probably something that they're not really going to use, but they want to...
A case PS3 wants to do a Milo, you know, or something like that.
They can detect laughter and all whatnot.
Something so they have the technology before Microsoft does, maybe?
Yeah, something so they can say, hey, we patented that, we sue you now.
Hmm.
Well, I don't know, I...
It could be interesting, but I really would have to see the application of how this is used.
Like, I'm into this a lot more than I am the Wii Sack, but this is...
It could be hokey, it could be kind of neat.
I like the idea of a game because you all know those people that get so angry when they're playing the games, not that there's anyone in this room like that, Loki, that they're throwing controllers on the ground and trying to break things.
I never throw controllers because controllers are expensive and there's no reason to get pissed off at the controllers.
But you get angry.
You do get very angry when playing games.
No.
Come on!
I've heard you do that.
Oh, okay, okay.
If I'm playing Grand Theft Auto or something like that, and the game glitches out on me or something like that, like, you know, I fire six sniper rounds.
The game's retarded!
If I fire six sniper rounds into the back of someone's head, and then they're like, oh, hey, someone's shooting at me, and they turn around and fire a pistol and kill me.
It's like, come on!
My favorite is when Loki will go, and then the game's like, I don't know what I'm doing!
Exactly, because it's retarded.
My favorite is when Loki impersonates the game I do that to people too It's fun all around
Alright, something that is going to be impersonated all over again.
Blizzard, for WoW's 5th anniversary, Onyxia is making a return, y'all.
Onyxia was a level 60 raid, of course, in old school Warcraft, where 40 of you would fight the dragon Onyxia once.
And now it's kind of a bit of a joke, like people will go run the Onyxia thing, because you can totally solo Onyxia now, or at least duo it.
and DarkSakura.com
and DarkSakura.com
Also, there's going to be a 310% speed flying mount modeled after Onyxia that's going to be a rare drop.
So that'll be something a lot of folks are after.
Hopefully it's not glitched out like the dragon was at one time during Final Fantasy XI where you couldn't kill the dragon.
Oh yeah, I heard about that.
I was after we were playing, but yeah, I remember hearing about that.
No, no, it was while we were playing.
Cataclysm is supposedly the name of the new WoW expansion.
I don't even know if the name's been confirmed yet.
It's a registered trademark from them, though.
Alright, well anyway, so despite the name possibly getting out, apparently some of the information about the game has leaked out too.
You will be able to go to 85 in this new game, I'm sorry, new expansion, which is different because usually WoW has been doing the 10 level increments.
Burning Crusade lets you go to 10, I'm sorry, lets you go to 70, which was 10 up from 60.
Wrath of the Lich King lets you go up to...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I don't know how they're going to do that.
Also some new races are rumored for the game.
Worgen will be the new alliance class and Goblins will be the new horde class.
And the other interesting thing is that some new job race combinations are opening up.
For instance, now you can be a Tauren Paladin or Troll Druid.
That's a big one because Druids you had to be Tauren or Night Elf to be.
But apparently now trolls can be druids too, and assumably worgens, since nothing else on the Alliance side opened up for druids.
So, interesting.
You'll be able to fly in some parts of Old World now too, which was a thing that was being requested.
I don't know though, for me, honestly, as somebody who recently left WoW, this isn't really cool enough sounding for me to want to go back.
I have to be honest.
Like, I'm like, the improvements sound neat and sound needed, but I'm not seeing anything where I'm like, oh damn.
I'm sure there's, I don't know
It'd be interesting.
It could all be speculation too.
It could be like one of those culmination of all the rumors that are on there and then just put it out all at once.
Because I've seen the rumor about the new name of the expansion because of the registered trademark.
The rumor of the new classes based on the Halloween masks that appeared or whatever.
And some other crap.
I don't know.
We'll find out next week I guess.
I mean seriously.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So DarkSakura, what is the classic video game of the week?
I'm going for another series this time, Rob.
How dare you?
Alright.
Sorry, I can't get the music volume down.
There we go.
Raiden, you say?
Yes.
Alright, let's cue up some music from Raiden here.
Okay, well, basically, yeah, this one goes through the whole PlayStation screen launch-up thing, sorry.
But basically, for anyone who doesn't know, Raiden is a scrolling shooter.
It's put out by Seibu Kaihatsu, and it was in the arcades, and I think we got it by Fabtech over here in the States.
Also, it's supposed to be kind of hard to emulate because of the way that they changed the game boards for them.
But, um, it came out on PlayStation as the Raiden Project.
Well, at least Raiden 1 and 2 did.
And then we got, it came out on Amiga, Atari Jaguar, TurboGrafx.
It came out on the Duo as a Super Raiden.
Atari Link, Super Nintendo came out for PC, Genesis, and there's actually a mobile phone version too.
Seibu Kaihatsu did all of the ones that came out until 98, and then Moss Limited did the games that came out since 2005.
And the games since 2005 also came out on the Taito Type-X boards, which were supposed to be... They were pretty hard to duplicate the emulation for.
Um, so anyway, the world was taken over by aliens, and the world says, screw you aliens, and fights back.
That's the story.
Um, so you also had, um, uh, you could play one player or have two players and play together.
You also had a variety of different weapons, um, you know, that you would get through different power-ups.
My favorite being the little electric thingy weapon.
which, in fact, is on the screen right now in the example we're showing, where you would fire this continuous stream of energy that would lock on to certain enemies and then wrap around them and, you know, pull towards them.
It's kind of like how, um, you know those electric globe things where you put your hand on and all the energy goes to where your hand is?
It's the same thing.
That's my favorite weapon in the game.
Um, and, uh, the games that came out in the series were Raiden, Raiden 2, Raiden DX, Raiden 3, and Raiden 4.
Raiden DX, of those, is probably my favorite.
Um, there were also spin-off games that were, um...
And I'm sure, actually we talked about them recently when I was going over my gaming week.
It was Viper Phase 1, Raiden Fighters, Raiden Fighters 2, and Raiden Fighters Jet.
So, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big series of games.
And...
It's actually probably one of my favorite shooters to this date.
It's also, it can get pretty hard because you get a lot of bullets and a lot of enemies on the screen and they're big and it's just a lot of fun.
Definitely a lot of fun.
Plus the music's great.
I'll turn it up here a little bit.
I think the clip that I gave you is actually from Riding Project.
I have a story about Riding Project.
What's that?
I remember being completely intoxicated on Everclear and beating this game.
Nice.
That was the same night that I ended up having so much Everclear I hallucinated.
I was 19.
No, I take that back.
I was 20.
You say that proudly.
Yeah, I was 20.
Alright, well there you have it, folks.
Your classic game of the week.
Raiden.
The whole dang series.
Because DarkSakura said the series.
So that's what you get.
All right, well, thank you very much, DarkSakura.
We'll look forward to see what you pick for us next week.
But in the meantime, we're going to take a quick break here on Orange Lounge Radio, a chance for us to stretch, get water, and so forth.
But we have plenty more show to come.
When we come back from a break, Twitter topics, something new we're trying tonight.
We've been trying to incorporate Twitter into the show for a long time now, so we're going to do some Twitter topics when we come back.
Rapid-fire news and some more discussions, including...
Silent Hill, a chance for you to go visit like real Silent Hill.
Not really, but as close as it's going to get.
We're going to talk about that and it sounds kind of cool.
So we'll be back in a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
So stay tuned.
And welcome back everybody to more of Orange Lounge Radio here on this lovely Sunday evening, August the 16th of 2009, where we are taping live our, what, 334th episode of Orange Lounge Radio?
Slightly more than half evil.
Yes, it just keeps on going and no signs of quitting anytime soon.
We're coming back this segment and going to get into some Twitter topics here shortly.
And if you wanted to submit a topic, you could do that earlier by joining our Twitter.
You can't send it now.
It's too late because we already have picked what we want to talk about tonight.
But if you want to do that for future weeks, you can send those to us at OLR on Twitter.
And if you're not following us on Twitter yet, why not?
I want to mention one game I didn't mention during my gaming week because it wasn't really my gaming week and not a game I've been playing but a game that my roommate has been playing non-stop like just been obsessed with and playing it like I think he's racked up like 15-16 hours just this week alone it's an iPhone game believe it or not and the iPhone game is called Zenonia is the name of the game Z-E-N-O-N-I-A and it's a game I probably need to look at and check out I guess there's a free demo available out there but if you want to play more than
A certain amount of time, you have to pay money for it.
But I guess it's like a... The best way I could describe it from what I saw, it's like a Secret of Mana-style game, is what it looked like.
Kind of like the role-playing game, but more of the action style, like Secret of Mana is.
And with kind of the multiple quests going on at once, like WoW has.
And I guess you can be good or evil in the game.
John was trying to tell me a little bit about the game.
I thought it was interesting enough to give a mention here on the show, because, you know, iPhones...
I played Peggle.
Did you play Peggle?
Yeah.
Good times on the iPhone.
It's not bad on the iPhone.
It's the only version of it I have.
Good stuff.
Alright, let's get into some Twitter topics.
Earlier on Twitter we asked you guys to tell us some things you wanted us to talk about tonight.
Deathwishing says, StarCraft 2 petition has over 100k signatures for LAN support.
Discuss that.
Remember we were kind of talking about that, was this the one where we said people need to kind of get over it?
I don't think it was this actually though, was it?
I think it was something else.
I would think, you know, because LAN's a big part of StarCraft.
I know, hell, they have like tournaments and it's really huge over in, you know,
I don't know why they would... I mean, I think the reason why they want to take out LAN because, one, piracy, because they want all their online play or all the multiplayer to go through their... I want to say it was Battle.net or whatever.
Yeah, Battle.net.
Battle.net.
Yeah, I always kind of thought it was for statistical purposes.
You know, they want to log every game that's played by folks and, you know, kind of keep track of statistics and so forth.
But, yeah, piracy is kind of a nice little bonus to that.
I mean, it makes sense because you're making these people buy three different versions of the same damn game because you're just saying, oh, well, you know, the campaigns are separate.
You know, when any other, you know, RTS game out there, you know, Command & Conquer...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actdeft in chat says, online petitions never work for a few exceptions.
And that's kind of true too.
If you really want to make a statement, guys, put your money where your mouth is.
Don't buy the game when it comes out.
Because if there's 100,000 people that dent in their first week sales of the game, that'll be heard loud and clear.
But this online petition, that can be swept under the rug.
At the end of the day, do you still buy the game?
If yes, then...
They had no reason to put it back in, did they?
You need to send physical mail instead of just a petition signing.
You send a letter because 100,000 letters look a lot better than 100,000 emails and definitely a lot better than 100,000 signatures.
Or do both.
Do all three.
Surtur on Twitter says, Please discuss the PS3 Slim.
I'd like to get a PS3, but they're too expensive.
I assume the Slim will be cheaper or there'll be a price cut.
What is this Slim that you're talking about?
There's no Slim.
They've denied it.
Deny, deny, deny.
You know what's interesting though, Sir Truer, if I'm saying your name right?
Just because, we've made that assumption before, that just because they are remaking the system means it's going to be cheaper.
Not true.
Look at the PSP.
It's not going to be cheaper.
I guarantee it's not going to be cheaper.
You don't think it's going to be cheaper?
It's not going to be cheaper.
Interesting.
Because this is their M.O.
Thanks for watching!
I would hope that they would drop the price of the system because I think it's something that would be in their best interest because their sales are hurting and they're definitely not getting better anytime soon.
And yeah, the slim PS3 might be appealing to some people because, hey, it's new, it looks different, it's nicer looking, we're assuming, and whatnot.
Maybe some backwards compatibilities added in?
I think that's kind of wishful thinking there, but we'll have to see.
Now, they're going to announce it next week, I'm sure, at Gamescom.
It's going to happen.
I mean, that's the rumors right now, and they're definitely prepping for it.
And between the birds and you guys, I guess, it's definitely happening.
I mean, it's just a matter of time whenever they decide to announce it.
Gripper01 in chat says, Was it?
I think I remember a comment earlier, though.
He's overseas, so maybe it could be different from region to region.
I don't think it was more expensive.
I think it was probably the same price, if not cheaper.
But, hey, that seems to be the trend nowadays.
Let's release a new system with less features for more money.
And Frisbee says, this tiny enemy crab...
I like that.
Funny.
Dr. Noir says free tracks for Guitar Hero World Tour and then gives us a link to an article that talks about new Guitar Hero World Tour tracks that are coming out.
Apparently there's an Activision track pack that came out.
Apparently it is...
folks that work for Activision they're bands so you get these bands Awaken, H is Orange and 100 Reasons and these songs that hey they're free it's very hard to complain about free things but
I would probably... I don't own Guitar Hero World Tour.
I would probably get to Guitar Hero 5, though.
Free tracks are good, I mean... It's hard to complain about free tracks, but honestly, very rarely would I probably play them.
I mean, I look at the rock band tracks, very few of those do I play.
But at the same time, there's one or two that I do enjoy, and considering they were free, you know, and I had to sift through 20 to find one or two that I like...
It's still free.
It's very hard to complain about free things.
You can download it, and guess what?
If you don't like it, you can always delete it later.
Yes, you can.
It's free.
So when do those come out?
Those are coming out this week?
Yeah, today.
Or they just came out this past week.
So check that out in the Guitar Hero World Tour store right now.
If you want to send us a topic to talk about on Twitter, we'll open up Twitter topics next week just a little bit before the show.
But probably if we already are covering your topic somewhere else in the show, sadly you probably didn't make it tonight.
But always try again next week.
Guitar Hero 5 Guitar Hero Van Halen Free
Thanks for watching!
But, um, using those codes, you enter them in online to prove that you've purchased the game, and then you can get your free copy of Guitar Hero Van Halen.
Not only will you get it free, you will get it weeks early, because it takes six weeks to ship to you, and the game doesn't come out until December 22nd.
Which, I gotta imagine their sales on that game are gonna be crap, unless they're gonna count the free copies of the sale.
I am totally surprised and shocked by this news.
I am shocked.
It's...
It's like a hypothetical situation come true.
It's just so weird.
There you go.
Some other interesting stuff.
Also rumors, of course, that the Elite is going to be getting a price cut at the end of this month.
And apparently this is coming from a leak of a Myers catalog.
Good, because I know someone who needs a new 360.
It's a catalog that's going to be hitting stands.
On August 30th, it shows that the Elite model has a new price of $2.99.
And, of course, that kind of goes along with the whole rumor that the Pro system is going away because on the new arcades, the box art only shows the arcade and Elite systems.
No Pro system to be found at all.
So the rumor is that that SKU is going away and is being replaced by the Elite system for...
299, makes sense to me, probably will happen, might even get announced next week, so wouldn't be a big surprise.
And then, last but not least, there is another rumor that white and pink DSIs are coming to America, and apparently these were found in a Toys R Us database, listing both color schemes.
I don't know, that sounds totally false to me.
I don't believe that that's ever going to happen.
Especially not in September.
Okay.
Fine.
Some rapid fire news I've got for you guys.
Hey DDR fans, there's finally a point to those USB slots in the DDRX machines.
That's right, Konami this week opened up the new DDR Edit website.
It's ddredit.konamionline.com
I miss the days of edit mode and doing hell edits.
I miss that too.
We would actually get the Japanese games that you could edit the songs and take them into the arcade because it all matched up.
Yeah.
Fun times.
Or we'd hack them to add freeze arrows to songs that didn't have freeze arrows.
That's right.
I remember that.
Yeah, fun times.
Fun times.
I remember you giving away the boxes of movies.
That's right.
It was make, edit, get porn.
Yes.
Good times.
Epic times.
Whatever happened to that kid that won, Dave?
Remember him?
Whatever happened to him?
He became a man that day.
Did he?
Well, I got the box full of anime and stuff that one time, which eventually went to Dimple.
Funny.
Hey, live at QuakeCon 2009 has been spotted some new games on Xbox Live Arcade.
Doom 2 has been spotted out there on the show floor, apparently.
And...
Quake Live, both for Xbox 360's Arcade were both apparently out there on a floor on the floor I guess, let me actually clarify I guess only Doom 2 was out there actually playable on the floor but somebody actually had like a shirt that said Quake Arena Arcade or what have you and they've got some pictures and so forth Lies!
They're all lies!
I don't believe it one second
I don't know, I just had to be the counterpoint to that.
There's somebody, there's like a picture of somebody playing Doom 2 on Xbox with an Xbox controller.
It's photoshopped, it's live.
Shut up.
Lastly from me tonight, there's a brand new game coming out for an old system.
And the old system?
The Atari Lynx.
What?
That's right.
I have one of those.
There's a new game called Zaku coming out for the Atari Lynx.
Yes, it is named after one of OLR's infamous callers is getting his own game on the Atari Lynx.
I'm getting this.
It's the same people that brought you, do you remember Beggar Prince that came out on the Genesis in 2006?
Right.
The Legend of Wukong also now those are actually like localized games from Taiwan that I guess just came out or whatever but this is something I guess that was built on the development kit for the Atari Lynx on an Amiga of all things and is actually coming out and supposedly has pretty kick butt graphics for a Lynx that is it's too bad they're not bringing it out in other systems because I don't know I don't have a Lynx simulator I have a Lynx but I just don't are they actually doing a cartridge for it?
that's what the plan is it looks like
I think I might have to pick this up.
They did one for Baker Prince, I know, and they charged a lot of money for it.
This looks like a lot of fun.
Those carts were expensive.
Well, here's an idea of what it's all about.
It's a horizontal shooter, and it is a hero who dons her rocket shoes and power gloves and sets off on a journey to retrieve stolen development tools being used to flood the market with bad games.
I'm actually signing up for the mailing list right now.
11.99 euro, 14.99 pound.
It has a free trial.
And also are getting Call of Juarez Bound in Blood demo and more content for Red Faction Guerrilla.
Also, Rock Band Unplugged is getting some Iron Maiden songs, The Trooper and Number of the Beast for 99 pounds a pop.
so that's pretty good and also there's stuff for NHL 10 and LittleBigPlanet blah blah blah oh and one last thing for that one, Fat Princess is getting a connectivity patch moving forward Tecmo is getting a few games on the virtual console Ninja Gaiden and Rygar are to be coming out also
I think they were talking about... Tecmo Bowl already did come out.
I really like Ninja Gaiden, but also Solomon's Key is being added to that too.
I like the old school arcade Rygar.
That was an awesome game.
Also, this makes me a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very infinity happy girl is Loom.
There's news about Loom.
Telltale is talking about considering doing another Loom game, which I will be all over happy, happy, happy if that actually happens.
It was actually said that...
That the game itself was about two and a half hours long and that they're trying to do two and a half hour long games and Loom fits quite well with that little strategy.
I like Loom.
I have Loom.
I should actually start playing it.
Loom is cool.
I'd be down with a Loom remake.
There's definitely a lot of nostalgia behind that.
If, and this is the big ifs,
If they beat out Madden 10 in this month in MPD sales.
Ha!
So the offer only applies to sales in August.
The MPD figures will be used to calculate the totals.
You have to follow the guy on Twitter.
In case you really wanted to do that.
His name is M-A-N-V-E-E-R-H-E-I-R is his Twitter name.
And limit one copy per person.
I'll see you next time.
Madden 10
What?
What?
You just extended the Tingle bet?
No, no, no, no.
It's a different bet.
Hold on, hold on.
Hit record, everybody.
Hit record.
Here we go.
It's a different bet altogether.
Not only will he give you free copies of Wolfenstein, I'll dress up like Tingle playing Madden.
Or Wolfenstein, I guess.
That would be appropriate.
But it's never gonna happen.
Never.
Tingle with a gun speaking German.
I just want to clarify the terms of the bet, just in case, because you never know what might happen.
So if Wolfenstein, the new Wolfenstein, should outsell Madden in the first month of release, you will dress up as Tingle here on the show.
If this gentleman has to reimburse all his customers, you too will dress up like Tingle here on the show.
But you will not set fire and Bobby Black will fire Tingle.
No, that's just... No, that's gone.
That's my judgment, because... Okay.
But instead, you will play...
Yes, and this isn't like we're adding the numbers of Wolfenstein to the million.
No, that is not going to happen.
Completely different bet, and you all wanted something to come back.
You all wanted something where Loki would be willing to dress up as Tingle again, so here it is.
It's not going to happen.
I only make bets that I'm confident in that I'm going to win.
I mean, come on.
Really?
Something's going to outsell Madden?
I know from selling Madden that that's not going to fucking happen, so...
But hey, let's hope for the wishful thinking there.
Hey, and the guys behind Wolfenstein, thank you, because you just upped their sales by, you know, how many people listen to the show?
Oh yeah, two.
I mean, anyone who's seen mine knows that there's no way.
It's just like him.
He knows there's no way that's going to happen, but hey, it makes him look nice.
So there you go.
You're just nice.
You're offering the tingle thing again.
One of these days, man, you know, someday this show is going to have to end.
Someday.
And I hope before it's over we get you in a Tingle costume one way or another.
Nope.
Never going to happen.
Had to lose a bet.
And unfortunately, I have judgments not selling.
All right.
Anyhow.
Or being made anymore.
Let's move on to something else.
Hey, maybe Loki could dress up as this.
This is a little more manly.
He could dress up as Pyramid Head or something out of Silent Hill.
Hey, Silent Hill, actually we'll have a lot of people dressing up in the name of Silent Hill.
Apparently there's going to be an actual Silent Hill haunted house, or as they're calling it, a haunted attraction coming to South...
SILENTHILL HAUNTED HOUSE
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We would make Silent Hill music.
Yeah, there's two mazes.
And the other one's called Fear.
This looks scary, Jamie.
Are you sure you want to go?
I'll do Silent Hill.
Single admission, $13.
We are doing this.
Sorry for the Silent Hill music, but it gives you a little ambiance there.
That would be fun, actually, to go down there and go to the haunted house and go to Disneyland.
I think we might have to make that happen.
They had a Saw attraction one time.
Yeah, that was a year ago, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, but I'm not into Saw.
You already know how I feel about Saw.
Torture porn.
Silent Hill, cool.
Saw, torture porn.
Saw is too hard to figure out what's going on nowadays.
It's like trying to figure out what was going on in Crank.
It's a twist!
TigerClaw says if you guys go, you'll need to record it on video.
They won't let you.
They probably won't let us in there with a video camera.
Plus, I don't need me... Hat cam!
I don't need me screaming like a girl out there on YouTube because Jamie will be able to testify to this after.
Maybe she already can.
I don't know.
But I will scream like a girl in this attraction the minute I see something that is scary.
You want to know how I won't be scared?
How you can tell if I won't be scared?
Huh.
Because I won't be saying anything.
You've been in scary situations with me and you know what I do.
Yes.
I shut up and I'm really quiet.
I will scream obscenities even if there are children around.
My voice will get even higher than it's ever gotten on the radio.
Yes, it will.
You've seen me on rides.
You should just put a mic or turn on your phone to record just the audio because that would be hilarious.
We're getting requests from chatters wanting us to pick them up on the way to the haunted house.
We should just tell people when we're going, and then we'll all go in together.
It'll be a big – because I know Jimmy, who used to do the show – what the hell was the show he did with John?
STFU.
Thanks for watching!
Osfer in chat says, Rob, reciprocate that high voice, please.
I'm not going to do that here on the radio.
I can't.
I legitimately cannot do the screaming like a little girl.
I'm going to do my imitation of scared Rob.
Oh, God.
Okay, let me take a breath.
Let me get in character.
Oh, my God.
When have I ever said, oh, my God, y'all?
You do that when you're teasing.
Oh, my God.
You do that when you tease people.
Fine.
Oh, my God.
That's Rob, by the way.
Needs more swearing
Well, I, you know, wasn't gonna.
But that's Rob.
And yeah, it is high enough to break glass.
You know who else lives in LA that we should challenge to come to this with us?
Is our friends from All Games Interactive.
Oh!
Ah, yeah, that's what we need to do.
We need to get Lawrence, we need to get Scott, we need to get Jessica, and all of them to come with us.
And we should have like a scare-off or something.
Becky says she'll come with us.
Oh, this needs to happen now.
Is anybody from All Games Interactive listening?
Let's throw down.
Let's have a scare-off.
I don't know how a scare-off works.
You should have to hold a glass of water.
And if you spill the glass of water...
I want to know why Osfer's thanking me.
I like this idea.
I really like this idea.
Have to hold something that shows or like hook something up to our body.
The Wii Vitality Sensor.
Too bad it won't be out in time.
God damn it.
Just when I found a use for the Wii Vitality Sensor to see who gets more scared here, me or Jessica, right?
The damn thing isn't going to be out in time.
I want to do it very drunk, Rob.
Do they have like a portable heart rate monitors or something like that?
Yeah, they make those.
Do they?
Or actually, iPhone has an app that's a heart rate monitor where you just tap in time with your heartbeat.
No, that wouldn't work.
I'm afraid.
Actual heart rate monitors are like 69 bucks a piece.
I'm afraid that I will be trying to contain my scare, like, I'll be trying to fight it because I'm very competitive.
Like, I am a very competitive person, I'll admit it.
That I, like, if I'm going against somebody from All Games Interactive in a scare-off or whatever, that I will somehow, like, between being actually scared and trying to, like, hold it in, like, I'm not going to scream, I'm not going to scream, that I will shit my pants in the middle of the haunted house.
You know what you should do?
And I don't want that to happen.
That's an automatic loss.
You should have judges go with you.
Have three judges go one time with you and one time with her and then rate the scare detection factor.
I don't know why I'm picking on Jessica.
I feel for some reason she's the easiest target of who's most likely to get scared from the All Games Interactive crew.
But for all I know, Mary Young is the target.
Or Scott.
I don't know.
Okay, so who would you pick then to do in a least likely to be?
I need an all-games interactive expert to tell me who is most likely to get scared at Silent Hill, the experience that I can challenge to a scare-off.
Jessica is no longer a part of all-games.
Well, she was, though, right?
Well, who do you think would be best off for a least likely to be scared?
Is it what?
And then a scare-off with you?
I don't know if it would be me that would be least likely to be scared.
I don't know.
Okay, the Tower of Terror scared the shit out of me.
I think we're going to lose.
I've also been in an elevator when it's fallen.
The chat is suggesting Derek H. Does he even live in LA?
I don't think he does.
Isn't he like in the Midwest or something?
I could be wrong.
Alright, anyhow.
SILENT HILL
Well, this is a definite bit of... Not really a surprise, but it's sort of happy and not happy at the same time.
Sega doesn't have any plans to do anything to commemorate the Dreamcast launch.
Because Dreamcast launch happened 9-9-99, so they're not doing anything 9-9-09.
But they said unofficially that there should be some celebrations and some...
Parties, things to mark, you know, such a momentous day in gaming.
But that they don't really have any plans to celebrate the US launch.
However, they were talking, there is some talk about putting up some of, doing potential digital downloads, I think, of Dreamcast games.
It's just the limiting factor being is just how large they are right now.
But... You know what?
We need to do something on Wednesday.
we need to come over here and play Dreamcast because of the anniversary that day and record it
I remember sitting in that line outside the damn mall and getting so bored that we went over and bought books at Barnes & Noble and came back and got in line.
The launch of the Dreamcast was during the period where, believe it or not, I wasn't playing a lot of video games.
The years I was living in Chico, kind of away at college, I kind of fell out of video gaming, my love of gaming for a while, so I kind of missed the launch of the Dreamcast.
But in retrospect, I was able to kind of catch up on it and see just how awesome of a system it was.
Sonic Adventure Rental Dreamcast Special Release Sonic Adventure
I'm kind of surprised though that Sega's not even at the bare minimum releasing Crazy Taxi on Xbox Live Arcade or something.
You know how Sega loves to re-release their old nostalgia stuff.
Give us a little something, some Dreamcast love.
I mean, I guess, though, okay, now, granted, before somebody in chat mentions it, which I'm sure they will, they do have the poll going on right now for the Genesis game that's going to be released on Xbox Live Arcade.
Did you guys hear about this?
They're, like, doing a poll at, what is it, GenesisPoll.com or something like that to see what game should be the next one they release on Xbox Live Arcade.
And I think right now Earthworm Jim is winning by a landslide, which is too bad, because, like, Wonder Boy and ToeJam & Earl...
and Revenge of Shinobi are all on that poll as well.
It'd be nice if it actually load.
Did the whole thing not load?
Nope.
That's weird.
You should see a poll in the middle there with the options of the game that would come out next.
That's weird that it's not showing up for you.
It showed up for me at home.
Maybe the poll's over?
I don't know.
Maybe.
Weird.
But Earthworm Jim was kicking all the other games' ass.
That's the one that's gonna win.
Yeah.
Earthworm Jim was actually a really good game.
So...
And I'm sure that they're probably all slated to come out.
It's just which one do we want to release first?
Exactly.
I'm sure they're all being worked on right now, which is kind of cool because, you know, it's nice to know we'll get all those games eventually, even though I'm not the biggest fan of the Genesis remakes on Xbox Live Arcade, although, oddly enough, I do love the Mega Collection because I think the Mega Collection is a really, really good value.
But I think the ones by themselves don't bring that much to the table outside of achievements and, you know...
Just being a rehashed version of the old game.
But, heck, same thing as Virtual Console, I guess.
If we want to put it that way.
Alright, so, too bad that we won't see more Dreamcast 11 on September 9th of 2009, but I guess it was just ahead of its time.
I don't know what else to chalk it up to.
Let's move on with some more news.
Alright.
Guitar Hero 5, Guitar Hero World Tour
Guitar Hero Smash Hits
You know, your, I guess, authorization to download them.
For cost, of course, just like Rock Band was $5.
No pricing, though, has been announced yet for it.
But the options, though, for PS3 and Xbox 360, you can download the whole lump of songs, or you can pick and choose which ones you want.
And apparently, most of the tracks will be available, including, I guess...
152 of the 158 tracks that are available right now for download content for Guitar Hero World Tour will be compatible with Guitar Hero 5 the other cool thing though is apparently Band Hero also will be backwards compatible with these other games as well
No word though on if you can import the Band Hero songs into Guitar Hero 5 or vice versa.
Isn't literally Band Hero just a different skinned version of Guitar Hero 5 though?
Yes.
Like literally?
Literally it is.
Just different skinned version with different songs?
And it's different track lists.
It's more geared towards kids, supposedly.
But it's just basically... In other words, I'll like it more.
It's another excuse to put out another version of the game.
It's another thing that they can go, Hey, look, Guitar Hero's out selling Rock Band like ten times over.
Yeah, because you're releasing ten times more games, stupid.
I don't know.
It's just getting ridiculous now.
Thankfully, I think a lot of people are seeing that, and they've figured out, Hey, you know what?
I don't want to buy all these games.
And, you know, before I used to pick up some of the Guitar Hero games, even though...
I didn't really play them.
Not anymore.
I'm not really touching them because I do realize that they're just all... So they could be available for... They're download content.
They only have a few tracks that come out each month.
Rock Band has a few tracks that come out each week.
And it's a real bummer.
It's a real bummer that my Xbox died when it did because I had just downloaded Janis Joplin, Peace of My Heart, which I was so looking forward to playing, and the Gorillaz pack too, and never got to play them because of my Xbox dying.
Guitar Hero 5 Guitar Hero 5
Pro tip here, just go rent World Tour and get the code from the back and hopefully no one else has thought of that.
Hopefully.
And there you go.
Eh, it's no big deal.
I mean, I'm sure the game will come down in price big time used at some point.
Well, then again, then I won't be able to get the code, huh?
Well, no.
If it's used, you may still be able to because the codes really don't mean anything right now.
They aren't used for anything.
So if you do happen to find it used...
You can still use it.
It's still probably kind of pricey used.
I don't think there were any songs in World Tour I wanted that badly.
And then the other thing too, Rock Band 2 right now is $99 for the bundle, which is not bad if you haven't picked up.
That's the funny thing right here.
There's the Beatles Rock Band bundle that they have right now.
We found out that the title is going to be heavily allocated, which means they're only going to release limited quantities to distributors and retail stores are probably going to get them because they're going to be really hard to find, basically.
It's actually cheaper to buy Rock Band 2, the bundle, and then buy Beatles Rock Band, the game only.
You will literally save almost $100 and you'll get two games instead of one.
I mean, if it's that important that your instruments look like the Beatles instruments, I mean, we're talking a plastic guitar here, if it's really, is it $100 important?
I mean, seriously, if you really want to spend the extra $100, you can buy another guitar that looks, you know, one of the two separate guitars that they have available as well.
But, I mean, seriously, if you're just holding out for that bundle, just buy Rock Band 2 and then get the other game.
But aren't they going to phase out the Rock Band 2 bundles eventually?
Probably not because not everyone's going to want Beatles Rock Band.
I'm sure Rock Band 2 will be around for a while until Rock Band 3.
Probably Rock Band 3 will be coming out probably next year.
So they'll probably keep Rock Band 2 around until 3 comes out.
I wonder what 3 will do that really ups the ante.
I'm curious.
Probably offer the same stuff that they did in Beatles Rock Band like the 3 part harmonies.
Maybe some sort of
I don't really know.
I'm hoping though it at least does the whole thing where your Rock Band 1 and maybe your Rock Band 2 library can be exported and you're just going to have this gigantic jukebox of songs available.
That would be awesome.
I wouldn't see why they wouldn't.
The only thing that they may have is obviously the older songs won't support the three-part harmonies, but who cares?
You don't need to have that.
Roadie Battle
Yeah, so what's kind of neat though with the Wii version, they're actually doing something called Roadie Battle, which surprisingly enough is actually something innovative.
What it's going to be is it's a mode that you use with your DS.
And basically you need two DSs to do this, I guess if you're playing with two humans using the DS.
And then the other two people will play a versus battle on Guitar Hero and on the Wii.
and so during that time you know you have little mini games that you play on the DS like for example you know you're sabotaging the other players so you unscrew the amp so you actually you know make the little motions like you're you know screwing in something and basically that will screw up the other person or they'll have one where you have to reset the soundboard and so they have little marks where the sliders need to be and you have to slide your stylus to move the sliders I think that's kind of cool and I think that would be kind of cool as a standalone you know
Multiplayer game or something like that on the Wii for Guitar Hero 5.
Just say you want to play a little mini game or something like that.
Different.
That would be kind of neat.
I guess I like any new features.
Kind of cool, I guess, if nothing else.
But if you don't have two people, you don't have two DSs or something like that, you can actually play against a computer.
But it's neat.
All right, very cool.
Hey, a lot of things that, or I should say, a lot of complaints have been made about the Xbox 360's friends list and the fact that it's limited to basically 100 friends.
Well, and people are wondering, why doesn't Xbox just up the friends list?
And, you know, honestly, guys, it's not as easy as just flipping a switch, you know.
Probably this is, you know, takes a lot of work on the server ends and so forth.
You know, if the things were built a certain way, then they're kind of stuck that way.
But apparently a lot of this dates back to Halo 2.
Apparently original Xbox games were coded to be limited to 100 friends and that limit was brought into the current generation.
And this has to do with a report from G4, I guess, talked to a high level Microsoft source.
The real reason why they cannot up the friends list is because more people are still playing Halo 2.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I just remove people after they've been offline for like 30 days.
Yeah, then you kind of figure they're not coming back.
And if they do, it's no big deal.
Or, you know, obviously if it's my friends or something like that that I know in real life, you know, I won't take them off there.
But, you know, for the most part, I will take people that are not on there for 30 days.
And the thought is maybe some folks will get off of Halo 2 once Halo 3 ODST comes out in September.
But you know what?
I don't know.
I think there's always going to be some people playing Halo 2.
When they pull the plug on Halo 2 someday, there are going to be some pissed off gamers.
But the question is, you know, how many are they willing to risk pissing off to do it?
Or why can't they just, like...
I don't know, limit your friends list to show just the first 100 in Halo 2 and then just have it later, you know, more later or something like that.
Just limit it to the first 100.
Alright.
Well, let's get into the mailbag.
Every week we invite your emails at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and the lovely DarkSakura opens up the email bag and dives in and picks a few of her favorite emails to read here on the program.
So, who's emailed us this week?
Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com, DarkSakura.
We have one from Mark who says, I'm a new fan of your show and I added your video game talk show to my podcast to my Yahoo RSS feed so I can hear you all the time.
Now, what are all your PlayStation 3 PSN names?
I don't have one because I don't play on it.
Run that by me game with your favorite PS3 games?
No, your PSN name.
Oh, PSN name?
Green Sky, but IE instead of Y.
Loki, OLR, all caps.
I can't remember if there's a space zone between Loki and OLR.
Mine's all one word, all lowercase.
I think on the PlayStation Network you can have spaces.
Maybe you can.
I don't remember.
It's in the forums.
Go look in the forums.
Next email, oh, it's by the same person.
Well, I'm not going to read one by the same person twice.
Read it at the end.
Redertainment Hi, I'm a resident of Utah and frequent the Best Buy store where the pilot program that was discussed last week is taking place.
I didn't ask the manager about it under the guise of doing a story for a gaming site.
What I learned is that they are taking the trade in values from the GameStop website.
Also, not all the games are subject to this program, just ones that are out of print and are hard to sell.
I couldn't get any other details as I am not an employee.
Also, Super Mormon Brothers, really?
Come on, you could come up with better.
For instance, Grand Theft Auto, LDS in City, Sim Missionary, DDR Mormon Cabernacle Choir Mix, and Are You Smarter Than a Member of the Quorum of the Seventy.
That's all I have Staycare?
Redertainment This message brought to you by the Utah State Legislature where racism, classism, and homophobia are not just encouraged, it's rewarded That is so funny that we actually did have a listener in that town that we were talking about last week's show, that's great
This is from Robert M. Interesting you mentioned Johnny Cash and Guitar Hero 5.
I love the original Tony Hawk Pro Skater games, at least one or two, especially the soundtracks of those games.
It seems to lose focus creatively and musically with Underground and Underground 2, the later of which containing such random artists as Frank Sinatra, The Doors, and yes, Cash.
I can accept such an eclectic variety of artists in a music slash rhythm game more readily than in a skating game, though.
I'm not sure how I feel about the character model in 5 yet, nor have I made up my mind about Hendrix being in World Tour.
We just had commentary from Shermie.
To play freaking moron's advocate, I get the feeling that Mr. Kotick meant to say that he felt retail costs may need to increase as project budgets and marketing increase.
Of course, if that's what you mean, say that.
In an ideal world, which this isn't, Bobby wouldn't trip over a scorpion and fall into an alligator pit and be replaced with Gary Kitchens and or David Crane after a merger with their company Skyworks Technologies.
Moving forward!
Uncharted 2 Uncharted 2 Uncharted 2
OLRPSP.com you can get the last 20 it's the one site where it goes back a little further but unfortunately we don't really offer any further back than that I do know some OLR listeners have scrounged up old episodes just because of server load and space every show is like 90 megabytes it's a huge amount of bandwidth so we can't offer every show but
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Did you find all the old stuff?
I think that's the old ones.
I haven't looked.
Did you put it?
I haven't burned them yet.
I saw.
We need to just do a DVD compilation.
Somebody said season one is on the OL Archive now.
But you have to remember, just remember, if you're going to go back and download episode one, episode two, it was a totally different show seven years ago.
We grew.
It got less mature.
Totally different.
And I had migrated the whole first episode, just warning everyone.
And then I think that was, wasn't that when I went to go sleep in the Harry Potter room?
That was later, I think.
That was later, yeah.
I slept on a little bed under the stairs.
Jason and Raichan found the old episodes.
They had them somehow.
I must have burned them off for Raichan when I sent her the ferret years ago.
I bet I did.
Hmm.
How funny.
So moving forward now, and actually this is one of those weeks where I've actually had to pick different emails because we've got so many.
So if your emails aren't getting read, I'm sorry.
It's just we really do have to move through here.
Shook here, or is it Shookay?
I don't know.
Lately I've been thinking about getting Final Fantasy X on PS2 for my 13th birthday on October 17th.
Thing is, my old man, who's just about as heartless as a grizzled non-vet, won't let me get what he calls, quote, pussy jab stuff, end quote.
Ew.
That's not racist at all.
No, not at all.
Could you give me some advice as to coercing him into letting me get it?
It'd be much appreciated.
Tell him it's localized for American audiences.
That's about it.
Or do what I used to do and sneak.
Buy it yourself.
It's Final Fantasy X for the PS2?
Yeah.
Dude, that's like 20 bucks now.
You can do it.
Sell back some old games to GameStop and just buy the game yourself.
Yeah.
And, dude, Final Fantasy X had Blitzball.
That's pretty hardcore.
And thank you for being a lot more open-minded than your father.
No insult intended towards your father, but he sounds bigoted.
He sounds like an asshole and complete ill willment towards your father.
Sorry.
Ill willment.
I mean, I don't like to.
But you're cool.
You're cool.
I don't like to insult people's parents.
Yeah, I know.
Because even though our parents may be, you know, my dad is fairly racist and thick headed, but I still.
Well, when my mom and dad say stupid shit, I call him on it.
Like, but that's just the way we are in our family.
You know, they call me on stuff.
I call them on stuff.
So what can you do?
So.
Is Shermie smelling the microphone?
No.
Oh, you're almost strangled.
Poor Shermie.
Poor Shermie.
Go sit on Dan's desk.
She likes people, she just is nervous.
Okay.
Yeah, tell your dad, you know, to get with the times.
Ooh, this one's for me from Cheeseburger.
Jamie, what's a good starter pinball machine for under $1,000?
Oh, and post more videos on YouTube, they're great.
Just for the record, T-H-E-R-E is for location, T-H-E-Y apostrophe R-E is what you intended.
Good pinball tables under $1,000, good luck on eBay and Craigslist, seriously.
You're going to pick up a beater, just to let you know, typically for that low price.
but you can it's a good way to get started you know if you pick up a you know a beater machine needs a little bit of work and start putting the work into it yourself you can trade it later on for other tables for things that you want better um
Yeah, those are really... Also, there's a... Dan's not here for me to get the name of it from him, but there's a... The Sacramento Pinball Group actually puts up purchased stuff every so often.
And that's a group that my husband's a part of.
But just... eBay and Craigslist, really, you just need to make sure that you look for, you know, everything works or, you know, if there's a problem with it, don't make sure there's no, like...
Last email?
Okay.
from Geekboy2424.
Hey guys, with the summer of arcade coming to an end and Rob's obsession with Super Metroid, I wanted to know if any of you are interested in Shadow Complex.
What makes it look good to you or makes it look bad?
Thanks for the opinions and I love the show.
Logan aka Geekboy2424.
I have to be honest, I don't know much about the game, and especially because my Xbox 360 fried this week, I don't think I'll be getting this anytime soon.
But I love the idea of a game influenced by Super Metroid, and I'm all about that.
I'll check it out, at least the demo, just based on that alone.
Just the fact that it's that whole exploration and power-ups.
I just love that kind of design.
You know I love my Super Metroid, and I just love the design of that game.
I loved Castlevania, too.
Symphony of the Night, of course.
So I'm all about at least checking it out, if nothing else.
All right.
Sounds good to me.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you wish to send us more emails to read in the future.
In the meantime, it's time to get into our FUs of the week.
Thankfully, there wasn't a lot of stupidity out there on the internet last week.
At least we didn't find any.
So we don't really have anything to dedicate this week's FUs to.
Oh, except for the fact that my Xbox 360 fried itself.
My F.U.
goes to how much my hand hurts and the freaking suture that was left in it.
The end.
Loki.
F.U.
goes to all the drinks that I just had because I feel really full.
And also to the guys that's on the Neo Geo forums that's selling all the candy cabinets that won't get back to me.
I know a lot of people are antsy because they're waiting to hear back from them and I want to put down my deposit to guarantee my cabinets.
That's it.
Um, I don't know.
I don't really have a lot of FUs.
FUs to the fact that I nap too much.
That's my FU this week.
FU to napping.
Although, actually, napping's awesome.
I shouldn't say FU to it, because it's really cool, actually.
I just do it too much.
That's the problem.
I like naps.
Naps are cool.
Unless you nap all the time like me.
Alright, just a couple more stories and then we're going to open up our Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
But we have a few more stories before we get to that.
So, Loki.
Are you a girl and a gamer who wishes that there were more girl gamer perspectives for you?
Yes, yes I am.
Well, you're in luck, because now there's the Gamer's Girl, which is a brand new blog that you can find at thegamersgirl.blogspot.com.
And it's a website geared towards women who are dating gamers.
And they have interesting little articles.
One of them that they're highlighting, of course, is the Gamer Widow.
Basically...
A woman that has lost their boyfriend to gaming.
They offer tips for gamers to keep their significant other from resenting or interrupting their game time needlessly.
Like, for example, setting aside a half an hour right when you get home from work to lavish affection on your partner before you switch on the 360.
And I gotta tell you, from my own experience, that does work.
So, you may want to follow that advice.
But yes, um...
It's neat, I guess.
Hey, one more story for you guys, then we're going to go to the Skype line.
And this story has to do with something that women and men and everybody can bond over.
Pokemons!
Yay!
Let me show you them.
There are some new Pokemon games coming out this spring.
The HeartGold version and the SoulSilver version.
And what these are, these are remakes of Pokemon Gold and Silver and they'll now be on the DS.
So yeah, that's pretty much all you need to know, right?
They're coming out Spring 2010.
Let's see, what is the little quote here?
Announcing these much-anticipated game launches at the Pokemon World Championships allows us to give the news directly to the legions of fans who represent the true heart and soul of Pokemon.
We want to thank these loyal fans by revealing the details to them first, but of course, now we all know.
That quote, by the way, from J.C.
Smith, the Pokemon Company International's Director of Marketing.
So, there you go, remakes coming for the DS.
As far as what features and so forth on them, don't know yet, but there's a trailer out there.
And it looks like it does have Wi-Fi battling going on on it.
So that's kind of cool, I guess.
I actually had... Was it Gold and Silver I had?
No, the last one I think I had was Ruby.
I think it was the last one I had.
It was an advanced game.
I'm kind of not into Pokemon anymore.
You don't want to show people your Pokemans?
Not anymore.
I'm not as into them as I used to be.
I think I remember you playing that, or maybe it was Shane playing that on the... Probably both were.
The Game Boy Advance thing for the GameCube.
I was playing Ruby on that one for a while.
I think I had Ruby and he had Sapphire and we were doing the trading thing for a little bit.
I was playing Pearl for a while when I would go to the gym and play Pokemans.
I don't know.
Pokemon is just so repetitive to me.
That's my problem with it.
It just got too repetitive.
You know what?
Nothing will ever top Pokemon Snap in terms of coolness.
Awesome.
I love Pokemon Snap.
I still play that on Virtual Console once in a great while, but it happens.
Hey, how about that Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR?
Username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to go ahead and open it up and take your calls.
But while we wait for your calls, how about some last minute stories?
Do we have any last minute stories tonight, Loki?
Yes, Redbox is test marketing video game rentals in their kiosk for $2 a night.
And they're testing this right now in their Reno, Nevada market.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Ranma.
What's going on, everyone?
You always seem to get through, Ranma.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Not too much.
Once again, I take another one for the team.
I went out, I dropped five bucks on Rock Revolution.
I heard about this insane price drop for Rock Revolution, that it was coming way down in price.
So you actually picked this up, huh?
Yes.
Actually, it was retailing for $16.99 at most places, and it
The place right across the street from my job price matched GameStop for me, which was pretty cool.
Nice.
So, well... If I paid more than $4.99, I would have thrown it across the room.
Well, since you only paid $5, doesn't that make it eligible to be thrown across the room?
The fact that it has Twisted Sisters, we're not going to take it.
It slides because of that.
Any song, any game that has that song works for me.
But isn't that a cover?
but aren't they all bad covers?
I don't care!
It's so awesome!
So, I mean, but how's the game itself?
I mean, how's the interface?
How does it run?
I mean, are we just picking on Rock Revolution because it's, you know, the bastard child of music games or what's the reason to really hate this game?
Because it's nothing more than like Guitar Freak's drum mania hyped up on some really bad coke and steroids.
How so?
Okay, first off,
When playing with the drums, I keep forgetting that there is an actual symbol for the foot pedal instead of the lines.
I keep forgetting about that.
Overall, the game plays where three songs, the album goes gold.
If you complete five songs, the album goes platinum.
One of the objectives is where you play one of the songs, it goes up in three levels of difficulty as you're playing, but it tells you on the screen what level you're at.
And another one is where you practice a certain part of the song and you have to play it back fully memorized.
That is kind of weird.
Well, after two albums, you get to pick an arena.
To give you an arena, you pick three songs and you play it right through, which is not so bad.
Wow, but having to play them from memory, that's kind of dumb.
I know it is, but it's only for like, not the whole song, it's like maybe like 30 seconds of a song.
It goes through with you twice, and then it goes over again from memory.
I guess that's not terrible.
That's not so bad.
I don't know, I actually am thinking of trying to find this game and pick it up.
I mean, it's only $5.
I mean, whatever.
I've spent more than that on crappy Xbox Live Arcade games.
I think that describes most of us.
AJ Mix in chat says, if you're going to buy Rock Revolution for five bucks just for the Bomani pack, stop.
Do not.
I... I...
I do know Actdeft had me worried saying that, oh, the Rock Band drums don't work with the game.
You know what?
Look on Harmonix.
We talked about this last week.
Harmonix's website has a compatibility chart that includes Rock Band, and it will tell you right there.
So take a look.
Works for me.
So anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
No, not offhand.
All right.
Have a good one, Ranma.
Thanks for calling.
No problem.
Later.
GameGuru says, Rock Revolution is like a train wreck.
You can't look away.
That comment, of course, with all our other chat comments at chat.orangerollingeradio.com.
Rock Revolution, the Yaris of music games.
Aw, that was sad.
I almost feel kind of bad for it.
No, I don't.
I don't feel bad, because they had their opportunity.
For, like, years, they had their opportunity, but they decided, you know what, we're just going to license the, you know, rights to our guitar, you know, peripherals or whatever.
We're going to license those for the Guitar Hero arcade game, because... And they really embarrassed themselves at E3 a few years ago, didn't they?
Yes.
Alright, let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is DSMaster25.
Hi, DSMaster25.
What's on your mind?
Not much.
Just you guys talking Rock Revolution.
I've actually had the ROM for probably about two days now.
You're not supposed to tell people we have ROMs.
This is translated.
It's really crappy on DS.
It has one part of the game that is missing from the console versions.
What's that?
The singing.
That's right.
The console versions don't even have the singing because they're covers, huh?
So they can't really match up.
Now, I can't think of a lot of DS games where you do that.
You actually sing in the microphone, right?
Yeah, it has the pitch bars.
You know how Karaoke Revolution works, right?
Yeah.
Basically, it's that interface.
So it's
But is it fun?
This thing, part and drumming, was about as fun as it got.
The bass, I thought at first, because I had the Guitar Hero peripheral for the DS, so I figured, oh, they might have something along the lines of a Guitar Freak's minigame-ish sort of spiel.
So I plugged it in expecting the upward note chart going in, but that wasn't the case.
It was just like strum up, strum down, strum up, strum down.
Same thing for the bass, but with the four strings.
It's stupid.
So, basically, to sum it up, it's about as fun as dark gray notes on a black background.
Have you heard, though, Konami's not giving up?
Guitar Freaks has a new version coming out in Japan, and apparently they finally caught on to the five fret thing.
They're going to go up to five frets.
I do not like that idea.
What the... You know what's funny?
Do you remember this years ago?
Years and years ago, do you remember when Red Octane, before Guitar Hero came out, their business was making money off of peripherals for Konami games.
They actually released a controller.
Like, eight, seven, six, five, I don't remember, five, six years ago, before Guitar Hero was out, they released a controller for Guitar Freaks with five buttons on it.
And everybody always asked, why the hell are there five buttons on this controller?
Oh, there must be a new Guitar Freaks game coming out with five buttons.
And then it turns out, well, it was a precursor to them putting out Guitar Hero.
Probably the fact, probably Konami's...
Revitalizing their series kind of probably drove Red Octane to do it themselves and ended up being very successful with it.
Yeah, but I could not... See, but I was a guitar freak before I played Guitar Hero.
And my uncle kept telling me, like, start going up on medium.
Use that fourth and fifth button.
I'm like, I can't.
I'm too used to the three-button pressing system that was on Guitar Freaks.
I'm so used to the Japanese guitar games.
It takes time.
You just practice and it takes time.
Four isn't as hard to do because you can do four without really moving your hand.
It's five that gets tricky because you have to learn how to move your hand back and forth.
That's when it gets really hard.
But four, most guitar freaks players can do four pretty easy because it's still one hand.
You just have to get your pinky.
You have to do pinky exercises every day and you'll get better.
See, and actually get this.
My school, for like fundraisers for the music program, they've been having guitar hill tournaments all these
and actually they finally had a rock band last year.
Now it's just a matter of time before they just, because with DJ Hero coming out, do you think, I think you guys might have heard this before, but some of me thinking, because, you know, I've been working on this whole mod with like Disney rock songs on Guitar Freaks.
I've been, kind of like how the people have been modding Guitar Hero tracks for a while.
I've been doing it with Guitar Freaks, but now it's all Disney stuff because they haven't done a Disney Guitar Freaks or Drum Mania.
So, basically, why haven't they done Disney with anything else other than DDR and Poppin'?
Don't give them ideas.
Because Disney has their own studio, Disney has their own gaming studio, and for whatever reason, well, because DDR is Konami's thing, Disney can't really rip it off for themselves, but Konami, as you can see, does not have the locks on guitar games, so if Disney wants to do their own guitar game, they will.
That's probably the reason behind it.
See, I'm... But here's one thing I kind of figure.
Around the lines, no one helped out where the Jonas Brothers are, just speaking Disney.
I was actually at a Demi concert, and there was like this supposed preview coming up with the Jonas Brothers talking guitar hero, and possibly an expansion pack for them.
I'm like, I could see that happening, and...
Well, you look at the light at GameStop, instead of teenage boys, you're going to be seeing tween girls.
It would be a band here, probably.
As Kevin Smith says, in six years, those girls will be 18.
Alright, DS Master, we're going to let you go, but thanks so much for the call, alright?
Alright, just one last question.
Yes, yes.
Do you think there's, especially with DJ Hero and Scratch coming out, do you ever think there's ever going to be a revitalization for Beatmania?
Period.
Sadly, the closest you're going to get is these knockoff games coming out.
Not the DJ Hero, but the other one, the Scratch Ultimate DJ.
Scratch is as close to Beatmania as you're going to get.
It is pretty damn close to Beatmania.
Konami just doesn't care about Bomani anymore, and a lot of that has to do with the closure of their Northern California office.
Sorry to say.
Which sucks.
It does suck, but there's not a lot we can do.
Alright, DS Master, thanks so much for the call.
Take care, buddy.
Peace out and keep the shows rockin'.
We'll try.
1-877-GAME-OLR or use the name on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio if you want to give us a call.
Try to get through here on the line.
We'll probably take maybe one more call and then we'll probably be done here.
DarkTetsuya wants to remind us that 2DX17 is coming out.
Jesus Christ, I didn't even say hello.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Let me guess, this is Legend of Zaku.
Of course, how would you have guessed?
Did you, because you cut me off, did you know that they are releasing an Atari Lynx game named after you?
Really?
Yes.
Oh, wow.
I'm not kidding, there's an Atari Lynx game coming out called Zaku, check it out.
Ugh.
Better not rip off a Gundam or anything like that.
Well, the only thing I'm going to warn you is that Zaku's a chick.
So somehow something got misinterpreted.
So, I don't know.
You'll have to go take it up with them.
Whatever.
Anyways...
Something just came up to my attention recently.
I don't know if you noticed, but apparently Sega is pulling the plug on the Chromohound 360 servers.
In other words, the $50 that we pay for Xbox Live every year isn't really helping us, isn't really keeping the servers on for an unlimited amount of time.
In other words, we're paying 50 bucks, and yet our servers are more likely not going to, they don't look like they're going to be safe.
Because if Sega could pull the plug on that, what's going to stop other companies from doing the same thing?
Is this really news though?
Because I thought at least on the original Xbox that servers were being shut down for the old sports games.
Am I correct or am I wrong on that?
No, they were.
So this has happened before.
It's just I think this is the first time we've heard of this happening on the Xbox 360.
And the fact that it's a non-sports title that, you know, ages, you know, the ages gets old and replaced with a new sports title.
You know, that both kind of plays into it too.
I mean, it sucks, but it's also kind of not the first time.
But, I mean, I understand your point.
You know, what are we paying $50 for if it's not for the maintenance of these servers?
I mean, I don't get it that we're paying that much money and we're getting, you know, and the fact of the matter is this, just getting shafted for, I don't know, I guess it's because it has the, you know, the potential to set precedent.
If Sega could do it, then anyone else has the potential to just say, oh, we'll pull the plug on the server, even though you're paying $50 a year.
I can understand them pulling the plug on the server if literally no one is using it.
I mean, even if it's just a handful of people.
I mean, are there listeners?
I mean, honestly, I want an honest poll of the listeners.
Is anyone still playing Chromehounds online at least once a week?
I mean, I don't know.
And again, I understand what you're saying about precedent and all that stuff, but I can also understand that if they need to close down this server to make room for a new game, that there is a finite amount of space out there and an amount of bandwidth that maybe they just need to get rid of.
Does it suck, especially considering we're paying for it?
Yeah, but... I mean, the fact of the matter is that...
We're pretty much paying $50 for dedicated servers and then all of a sudden we find out that aside from the sports games, which are seasonal, I bet, you know, which are obviously seasonal and it's expected that they close out a few servers for an outdated Madden game, for example, but for something like Chromehounds, which is completely non-sports, just to have the servers closed and we're still paying for it, it's just, I don't know, it's just mind-boggling.
DeathWishing in chat says he plays I Find Matches every night.
Yeah, I think he's called in about Chromehounds before, so that kind of doesn't surprise me.
I don't think I see anyone else, though.
Hmm.
Well, you know, I don't know if there's an easy answer to this.
I mean, unfortunately, I think it's one of those things where they'll just take a chance on pissing off a few people to make room for some new game they've got coming out.
It's Sega, Sky.
I doubt they would even have the ability to follow up on Chromehounds unless, of course, they were
It's a recurring theme, though, tonight, though, is that we keep getting screwed on all these things, yet we just kind of seem to take it.
The Xbox Red ringings, the servers getting shut down.
At least for PSN, I kind of expect the servers will go down because they're free, so they're only up for a limited amount of time, except for popular games.
But, I mean, we expected that in the older PS2 days, you know, when a service is free.
but not for something that we pay for.
I don't know if there's an easy answer, Zaku.
We have to speak with our wallets.
The StarCraft thing, that was the other thing I was going to mention.
All right, Zaku, do you have anything else for listeners today before we go and wrap it up?
All right.
I don't know.
Is it just me that I've noticed that...
Quake Live, apparently John Carmack actually said over the weekend in QuakeCon is that that free online version of Quake, Quake Live can't really sustain itself on ads.
I'm not surprised.
Which brings me to the point is there even chance or any room for a viable business model for a game that just relies heavily on ad revenues?
Because I think if
If Quake Live proves one thing, is that even in a tight economy, this one was hemorrhaging money.
Hence the need for them to actually start releasing premium content.
Or actually not even, no, I take that back.
It's like a premium subscription where you actually create your own servers.
I think in order to answer that question, you have to ask yourself, how often do you click on ads?
Well, it's not that you click on the ads, it's that the ads are actually strewn all over the actual maps in the game.
I see.
So it's not necessarily clicking the ads, it's just the fact that I guess if it's something nostalgic like Quake, and the fact of the matter is that it wasn't even enough even on ads to break even, then I don't know if it might be viable for future business models with that same type.
I don't think there is enough money to be made there because I don't think people really kind of...
Act on that stuff.
I don't know.
I think the business model is going to have to be incorporating some paid content into it for the hardcore section of it.
EA managed to get some sort of assurance in the fact that with Battlefield Heroes, at least that paid content is for the most part optional.
I remember reading before tonight's show about this and that Quake Live, they're actually going to do a paid thing where you will be able to set up your own private rooms and so forth.
Right.
I mean with Battlefield Heroes it's kind of like the other side of the coin where EA is not forcing you to buy certain content in order to play the game.
It's just mostly aesthetics and just to level up your character a lot quicker.
So you can pretty much sustain without having to resort to buying DLC.
So I don't know if that's a viable model that could supplement ad revenues as well.
And is it a footy monster?
and ShadowFly.
Please.
So I went there.
They wanted to get some anime and manga programming in, so I figured I'd submit a panel.
I actually wanted to do a panel about localizing American comics in Japan, which you can talk about a lot there, like the Spider-Man manga, the Spider-Man live action show, and stuff like that.
It turns out they didn't actually advertise any of the anime and manga panels anywhere at the convention.
So I ended up getting one person to come in on Sunday.
Wow.
Oh, I think I read about this in your journal.
This is that same convention.
Like horrible signage and stuff, right?
Yeah.
Well, you've been there.
It's the same place that ASEN was at.
So imagine if everything was at the convention center where you registered and they didn't have any signs pointing toward the hotel at all.
Wow.
Who would go there?
Wow.
Okay.
Did the convention actually have a lot of people?
Yeah.
I don't know exactly how many.
In 2006, they got, I think, 60,000 people.
I have no idea how many they got this year.
I'm sure it's been down a lot since then.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Spreading the program with no schedule and no panels in there.
Wow.
No names or descriptions in there.
Someone really made you the bastard child of the convention.
Pretty much.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah.
I mean, for those that haven't been to that little area in Chicago, you have to... I mean, that walkway is no short trip either.
No, it's not.
To get from one to the other.
So if you don't know where to go... I mean, during ASAN, you can figure it out because there's tons of people traveling through there all the time.
But yeah, if it's not being trafficked...
People don't know where to go.
And just to make this gaming related, they had a ton of gaming bootlegs there too.
People were selling full sets of ROMs on the floor.
They had a main cabinet going with a couple tournaments throughout the day.
That's pretty bold.
There was a gaming section.
Actually, it was kind of funny.
They had a Street Fighter 4 tournament, or they were supposed to.
They wanted people to pay $20 to enter, and of course no one did, so they didn't end up having it.
It was an interesting convention.
I can't say I'd want to go back, and if I didn't get a free badge, I don't think I would have gone.
But at least, you know, now you know, and at least it wasn't, like, that wasn't the focus.
I mean, you know, for, I guess, maybe a comic book convention, they probably did alright, but that's unfortunate, though.
Kind of a waste of time.
Can I complain about King of Fighters 12 a little bit, or do you want to end the Skype?
Of course you can.
I wanted to give the other guys a chance to say something, too, if they wanted to say anything.
It's fine.
You can go on.
We're busy playing World of Warcraft, actually.
Actually, I'm installing Windows 7.
DarkSakura.com
What's the ending?
Well, did you notice what they did, though, with the characters themselves is that they're sprite-wrapped 3D?
Mm-hmm.
It was very interesting, but it also causes some really weird just things that don't look right graphically with the characters themselves.
And on top of that, there's, like, no story.
Yeah, I love the animation in the game, though.
I mean, it's got the best animation of any game I've seen since Street Fighter 3, really.
The advantage, though, for them doing it in that manner is that if they want to change anything visually about the character, they can map it over the 3D model without changing movesets.
Yeah.
I'm just hoping we actually get those movesets back for the most part.
I mean, I'm a Clark Steele player, and he's got two moves.
Literally.
Is it just me, or is he over-roided?
Oh, yes.
It's going to be impossible for me to cosplay as Clark from now on, certainly in that style, unless I decide to go shopping with Hulk Hogan or Barry Bonds sometime soon.
I also didn't like that they did Athena in the cutesy anime style.
I don't mind that so much, actually.
That one's warmed up to me.
The change I... I'm a little bit iffy on Kenzo so far.
Yeah.
Well, I like, though, that it seems that... I like his outfit in that, though.
It seems like they're doing more towards the Psycho Soldier outfit.
What's up with No My?
That's a thing.
Yeah.
Isn't that weird?
I don't...
Well, the other thing that gets me is that there's no interaction between the characters.
Like, for example, you know, Leona, if you had Leona versus Heidern in the old game, she'd come out and salute him because he raised her in the storyline.
And, you know, you'd have the Mai and Andy thing about her taunting him over wanting a baby or something.
Uh-oh.
Are we losing you guys?
Hello?
Oh, hello?
Sorry.
Hi.
Uh, sorry, I think my Skype hiccuped a little bit there.
That's alright.
But, uh,
I don't know, people didn't really play as Mai that much to begin with.
I mean, they watched her bounce for the most part.
I liked Mai.
Mai is actually a staple of my team because I'm really good with her.
Fair enough.
Alright, well guys, we're going to let you go so we can wrap up, but thanks for the call and have fun with all your respective games, Windows 7 and WoW and whatever you're playing these days, Rob.
Right now I'm playing a lot of BlazBlue, actually.
That's what I've been playing all night and training.
Have fun with that.
Hope your Xbox 360 doesn't fry.
You'll be getting your TurboGrafx as soon as we get a paycheck in.
Yay!
I look forward to it.
All right.
Take care, guys.
Have a good one, everybody.
Later.
Later.
That's funny.
We don't get conference calls very often, but that was fun.
One of these days, I just want every single person listening to all make a mass Skype conference call and then call us.
It'll be complete chaos.
We can do SkypeCon all on Skype.
I'm on the radio!
Alright, let's start to wrap up guys tonight because it's already after 9 o'clock and we want to get out of here before it's too late.
But more last minute stories.
Loki, I don't know if you have anything else.
I have nothing else.
Really?
Wow.
It was kind of a slow news week this week.
Compared to other weeks, it was a little slow this week.
I have nothing else I want to talk about.
Let's put it that way.
There are other things to talk about, but there's nothing I want to talk about.
But nothing that big.
All right.
Fine.
Be that way.
I'm fighting spyware, and it's just pissing me off.
Oh, how annoying.
Well, it's stuff I have to do.
It's safe mode, and I don't feel like doing it right now.
It's just...
Searching for crap and then they get a wrong page and then it locks your system up because it wants to download spyware.
It's a pain in the ass.
You know what's funny?
Since everybody's talking about this Skype thing, I remember for a while, I don't know what ever happened with it, but they were talking about doing another show on all games after us, like a late night show or what have you.
And I think what would be cool is somebody should just host a Skype thing, like an OLR post show that's just a massive...
My dinner was really good, but I still want meat.
Tasty, tasty death.
My final thought is, I want yogurt.
It'd be yummy.
Ooh, Rob.
But all the yogurt places close Sunday.
But Baskin-Robbins is open.
We'd have to, like, not do afterbirth.
No, they close at 10.
We'd have to hurry through afterbirth.
Let's do afterbirth anyway.
I don't care.
All right.
We can go to the grocery store.
It's totally selfish of me, but I'm thinking of, because the arcade cabinet is technically my birthday gift because the wife is letting me have it, and that's a gift alone.
But I am going to open up the unofficial Loki's a Greedy Bastard birthday gift fund for Arcade Cabinet use.
So links will be in the form.
I will donate, and then I can feel guilt-free when I don't get you anything else.
That's fine.
You don't have to get me anything at all anyway.
That's what everyone says.
All right.
Let's go ahead and close up, guys, and call it a night.
Thank you guys, as always, for downloading and listening to our program.
We really appreciate it.
If you want to help us out, just help us spread the word.
Tell somebody you know about the show.
We'll see you next week with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll be back to do it all again in seven days.
Bye, guys.
Have a good week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
Thanks for watching!
