Tonight, August 30th, 2009, is yet another novelty controller on the way for the Wii.
Could your local Walmart's arcade soon be expanding?
And we talk about new details on the Rock Band Network.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my lovely co-hosts, Dark Sakura, Jamie
Summers.
Hi.
And Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How are you guys doing tonight?
Good.
I'm full.
Full of what?
Oh, crap.
Haha.
Leftover pasta from Olive Garden because right now the Never Ending Pasta Bowl is going on.
Oh, damn.
We need to go there.
I had whole wheat linguine with Alfredo sauce.
You know, apparently, we had some type of unannounced contest that was a win a night
stay in the vault here at OLR Studios and Misty won it because she's actually on her
way right now to hang out with us.
She's not going to be on the show tonight because of the way the whole schedule works.
She doesn't fly, so she took a bus.
That's pretty brave.
She's going to Reno tomorrow.
Yeah.
So that's pretty cool.
But I guess she's going to be here and kind of staying in the vault, but I'm thinking
Misty needs to be taken out for the full OLR Olive Garden experience.
We might have to make that happen.
How about, well, shoot, I'm trying to think because...
How long is she here?
Do we...
I don't remember.
I think she's going back Friday.
Okay.
But it would have to be like Thursday that we do this because Wednesday I have class
until 10.
Okay.
That works.
Yeah.
That's why I've been enlisting aid to help keep her occupied while I'm in school and
whatnot.
And right now we have no idea what to do one of the days, but we'll work it out when she
gets here.
Oh, I'll go ahead and say because it's a big deal for me.
My wedding anniversary is on the second, not the second, Tuesday, I'm thinking Tuesday
is second day.
It's on Tuesday, the first.
Dan and I will have been married for four years and the entire time I haven't killed
him.
Congrats.
Thanks.
On both counts.
We've been together for over 11 years, so yeah, I'm a married woman.
You sound so excited about it.
It's a little pasta, dude.
I might have a little more.
And Loki has a birthday coming up.
You guys may not know, but Loki, Loki's birthday is the easiest to remember.
You will never forget Loki's birthday.
September 11th is Loki's birthday, so it's very easy to remember.
So any plans for how to celebrate your birthday this year, Loki?
No.
All right.
Just a quiet home, a night at home with the wife?
I don't know.
At least go out to a nice dinner.
You and the wife like Betty Hunter, right?
Well, usually like the family will take me out and then her family will take me out and
she'll take me out.
So I get good dinners all weekend.
Here, I have a present for you.
It's a can of air missing the nozzle.
I could use that because my other can of air is kind of out of air.
Here, take it.
Awesome.
We're missing a nozzle.
I can put the nozzle in there.
You don't really need the nozzle actually.
Let's go to our chat room because our chat is always up and running.
We love...
Wait, wait, wait.
What?
Totally off topic, but since we were talking about food anyways.
Yeah, sure.
So the wife has been really looking...
Sorry, chat room.
You've been bumped in favor of food.
This also ties in with possible birthday ideas.
So my wife's been really interested in watching this new show that's on the Food Network called
What Would Brian Boitano Make?
I kept hearing about it.
I'm like, it's going to be very underwhelming.
It can't possibly be...
First off, there's no way that they're going to use the theme song from South Park.
There's no way that's going to happen.
And the show is probably just going to suck.
So it came on today.
Not only did they use the theme song from the South Park episode, which is fucking awesome
already, but the episode was a bacon episode dedicated to all these different party foods
using bacon.
And it was just like sold.
So that show is actually pretty funny, but he is very flamboyant.
I'm serious.
He's very flamboyant.
But you can't go wrong with an episode dedicated to bacon.
I mean, all sorts of awesome stuff.
Bacon muffins.
Bacon corn muffins would be really delicious.
They are bacon corn muffins.
That's what it was.
So I guess in honor of this, the chat rooms tonight will...
Their chat rooms name tonight will be bacon.
So we're going to go to bacon right now.
I think we should name them Kevin.
Why?
Kevin Bacon.
Your name is Kevin.
Fine.
We will go to Kevin at chat.orangeloungeradio.com and read some of the comments.
Dark Tetsuya says, Orange Lounge Fudio only on allsnacksradio.com.
There you go.
Because obviously we broadcast live every week at six o'clock Pacific Standard Time,
nine o'clock Eastern at allgamesradio.com.
But all snacks radio.
If that isn't up and running, somebody should register that.
Let's see what else Kevin has to say tonight.
Black Wolf, our old buddy who tapes live before us, who's not going to be live next week because
he's traveling to PAX.
We're not.
We'll get into that in a minute.
Black Wolf in chat says, She sounds as excited about being married as I am to going to PAX.
Because if you listen to Bobby's show this week, he's kind of like, yeah, yeah, you know,
PAX.
No, I'm really excited about being married.
But my excitement gets spread out over, you know, 365 slash 356 days, you know, a year.
I'm really happy to it's, it's kind of hard.
It would be like being excited about my finger.
It's a, it's a part of me.
It's a useful part of me.
You know, guys, I woke up today and I still had all 10 fingers.
I'm so excited.
I love this finger, I love this finger, this finger loves you.
Some days I wish we were a TV show because I'll just leave it to your imagination which
finger I was holding up.
All right.
Hey Rob, I like these two fingers.
Tiger Claw in Kevin says, Good thing Dan knows the date, Dan knows the date of the anniversary.
If he didn't, there's no telling what Dark Sakura would do.
There you go.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get into our gaming weeks.
Jack Defs follows up the Orange Lounge Foodie on AllSnacksRadio.com with the right after
the Bobby hot dog show.
I almost feel like there ought to be a parody website or something.
All right, forget it.
Let's go and talk about your gaming week or I guess your food week if you want.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
I actually really didn't play that much this week because my, the skin on my hand is kind
of getting really sore in that stage of healing where it gets really sore.
So I haven't done a lot of gaming except for playing some, a little bit of RO, a little
bit of Sims, lots of that MMO on Gaia just, you know, because I was sitting here.
But I went to, I started school, it's my first week of school.
So really, oh yeah, I played a lot of Peggle, played a lot of Peggle before class.
But my gaming weeks in the future are going to be rather dull coming up because the two
classes I'm taking are going to be a lot of work and I go back to work in two weeks.
So I'm trying to get ahead of my schoolwork.
I'm being responsible.
Busy, but no Sims 3 even?
Oh, I need to boot that up right now.
She's not even playing during the show.
I'm surprised.
She's breaking her street chair.
It's customary.
You know, it was like, what was it?
Whenever Harry Potter book would come out, I would ignore the show in favor of reading
the Harry Potter book.
You know this.
Yeah, I remember.
I've never ignored the show to play games, I'll have you know.
As you were playing Flash games during the show.
I've seen he's been playing Flash games or hacking, downloading torrents while we're
trying to progress the show.
I wasn't really ignoring the show, by the way.
I was just caught up in my book.
And I do not ignore the show to play Sims.
I am multi-talented and can multitask like a mofo.
Fine.
Rob.
What?
Low key.
How was your gaming week?
My gaming week was alright.
I played Grand Theft Auto because I do that every day anyways.
So that's a given.
Nothing really interesting happened there.
And played more Earth Defense Force because I'm slowly getting back into that because
I'm determined to finish the damn game.
It's been like 80 hours already and it's so damn hard.
But I'm going to finish it.
And so I'm going to play more of that.
And then I decided to once again try to broaden my horizon of video games I've been playing
by testing out more indie games on the Xbox Live Indie Game Service.
So I tried this week some Japanese game, which I don't even know what the name is because
it was all in Katakana and I can't read Katakana.
But apparently it's a ripoff of Zelda.
Like extremely a ripoff of Zelda.
It was fun.
But the music was kind of blaring.
I could not get it to sound right on my headphones that I had.
And the trial was all in Japanese so I couldn't really figure out what I'm supposed to be
doing.
But I don't know.
It's a basic ripoff of Zelda.
It looks like they made Zelda kind of flash looking.
Don't the games have to go through some type of check where they make sure they're not
ripping something else off?
There were TurboGrafx games that were almost complete Zelda ripoffs.
The Newtopia series.
It's different enough to where it's not Zelda.
But it's Zelda, okay?
It's seriously a top-down Zelda game.
Which is alright.
And then she's got a point though.
If you've ever played Newtopia, it's a lot like Zelda II and there were a lot of games
in that era that were kind of like that.
And then speaking of ripoffs of games, there was a Mario Kart ripoff on there as well called
Wacky Karts that I tried playing.
And it was less wacky, more bland.
So I played that for a little bit and it was alright I guess.
But the one game I did play a demo of that was really awesome and will be coming out
in a few weeks here is Wet.
That game is like kill build the game.
It's basically very much a grindhouse feel to it.
Lots of punk music in there.
Lots of killing.
It's like the way Stranglehold should have been.
Lots of flying through the air, shooting stuff.
There's one scene that you play in the demo where you're on cars on a freeway with traffic
and everything.
And there's just cars flying through the air and you're jumping from car to car and shooting
people in slow motion.
It's awesome.
It's a real fun action-packed game.
One that kind of wasn't really on my radar.
I liked the poster for it, but now I'm actually thinking about picking it up because it was
pretty sweet.
But yeah, definitely check out the demo.
It's on live, so check it out.
I think it might be on the Playstation 3 network yet.
But it will be soon.
And I think that's it.
That's all I really played.
I didn't play a lot of new games this week.
I actually played Home.
I know.
Weird, right?
I don't know why.
I just kind of was just checking out what's new in Home.
Actually, I know what possessed me to do it is that I was playing the Namco Arcade Collection
again, trying to unlock some new stuff.
Here's the really weird thing about the Namco Arcade Essentials on Playstation 3 is that
if you want everything, you actually have to download and play the demo as well.
Because the demo has completely different unlocks than the regular game.
In fact, you unlock more Home stuff in the demo than you do the regular game, which is
really weird.
So if you download the demo, you can get like, I got a Dig Dug shirt that has a, what were
the fat guys called?
The Pookas?
I have a shirt that has a Pooka on it.
And you can actually unlock the machines for your house, which I thought was kind of cool.
So I have like a, I have a Dig Dug and a Pac-Man and a Galaga machine all in my house now.
And you can obviously launch the games from Home.
I think the game launching from Home right now is ridiculous though.
It takes forever to get into the game, and even worse, to get out of the game.
Takes forever, because once you come out of the game, then it has to reload Home, then
it reconnects to the network, then it reloads the room you're in.
I mean, it just, they need to find a way to make that faster, somehow using, like caching
the data better.
I don't know what they've got to do, but it's a little bit, you know, considering how much
they talk about game launching from Home, this is really the first one I can think of
that's really, well, I know they do it for Resident Evil 5, and I think there's another
game in Home that they do it for too, but this is the first one that's really easy to
test because you can do it with demos.
And it just kind of stinks, I'm sorry.
It's not that, you know, if this is supposed to compete with Xbox Live and launching games
out of parties and stuff, no.
It doesn't, it's very, very slow.
You fail.
But, I did have, you know, I finally decided to plop down the $5 and get an Orange Lounge
Radio Clubhouse.
I mean, what the hell, right?
I was kind of curious.
It's five bucks, whatever.
I was pretty good with my money this week, so I figured, what the hell, I'll get one
of the Orange Lounge Radio Clubhouses.
So, I've kind of been playing with that, and what is cool is that the Clubhouses are a
new type of room that you don't see outside of a Clubhouse, so I did decorate it a little
bit.
So, now I have to invite people to the Club.
I put a call out on Twitter.
I did see some responses, but I just haven't been back to home to invite people.
And I don't think anybody gave me, when they said, oh, add me to the Club, they didn't
give me their PlayStation names.
So I'll put another tweet out when I'm home, either later tonight or tomorrow, and say,
give me your names, and then you can come visit the OLR Club.
I did do a little decorating.
I actually plopped down some of the things that I got in the Namco games, like all the
arcade machines are in our Club, and then I was putting messages on the bulletin board.
I'm trying to make it not so plain, so that people will, like, actually want to visit
it.
And then, like, maybe during the show one night or something, we can have it up here
in studio somehow and be kind of fun.
You're being interior virtual decorator.
Well, here's the thing, is that, you know, I think we here at Orange Launch Radio, you
know, over the past seven years, we try to be on top of every new interactive technology.
You know, one of our taglines we say here is where every gamer has a voice.
So when Skype came out, we tried to get on Skype.
When Twitter came out, we tried to get on Twitter.
So you know, now that home's been out, you know, we're trying to just use that as well.
It's just another way to interact with the show, so I figured, what the hell, it's only
five bucks and the monthly fees aren't going to start until at least 2010, so we'll see.
And home has been making improvements a little bit.
It's still kind of, I don't know, but what I do like about it is that, you know, they
are still adding a lot of stuff to explore.
Like, if you haven't visited home in three months, seriously, if you go back now, you're
going to be like, what the hell, there's like 60 different zones to visit now.
I mean, there's a lot of stuff to check out.
I just kind of wish they could make it a little faster.
It does still feel a little clunky moving around home.
That's the one problem I have with it still.
Otherwise, I played the Arkham Asylum demo for a little bit, because obviously the internet's
been all abuzz about Arkham Asylum.
You know, it was a trending topic on Twitter this week.
I haven't really heard a lot of bad things about it yet.
I only played the demo.
I don't want to review a game based off the demo.
I liked what I saw so far.
I haven't plopped down the money for the regular game, but maybe soon.
Other than that, they didn't play a lot of new games.
I'm still waiting for Ion this month.
It's going to be a big game, and my Xbox 360 is still out of commission, but I got a really
interesting email today that I need to follow up on, because apparently, OLR has listeners
in all sorts of interesting places.
That's what I found out today.
Who knew?
So, more on that next week, but hopefully I'll have an Xbox 360 back very soon.
Going to chat rooms and comment.
Going to the chat room for some comments.
Let's see.
Bochikawa in chat says, I checked out home when I got my PS3 and never went back.
It's worth taking a peek.
You know, again, if you haven't been there in months, you're going to find a lot of really
interesting stuff.
Like, I think the Namco arcade is really cool looking too.
They have a whole little zone for the Namco arcade, where they have all the different
machines set up, and it kind of feels like an old 80s arcade, so it's kind of cute.
I see Loki is pimping out his Loki arcade cabinet fund in chat.
What is this all about, Loki?
Tell us about it.
It's just where people can donate money so I can finance the cabinet, because it's expensive.
I see.
So it's like, give me money.
Yes, it's pretty much.
PayPal me money.
Alright, fair enough.
Let's see.
Also in chat, Ray Iannami says, I'm not sure if I want a PS3 Slim.
I mean, $300 for a PS3?
Hell yeah, but does it have enough good exclusives?
Also, yeah, it has Blu-ray, but I see no point in it because I don't have an HDTV.
Good point.
I mean, if you don't have an HDTV, Blu-ray doesn't really give you a whole lot, but I
would say plop down the $300 and get a decent HDTV.
They're starting to come down in price, although be careful because a lot of these cheap HDTVs
only are capable of 720p.
You can actually get a good Blu-ray player now for about $100 instead then.
Yeah, they're coming down, and I think especially in the holiday season this year, you're going
to see these HDTVDs and Blu-ray players big time price reductions, so keep an eye out
for that.
Just remember, the longer you wait, the cheaper they'll get.
That's right.
All right, that's really all I have to say for my gaming week.
Oh, there's one other thing I forgot to mention.
Yeah, go ahead.
It's not really anything I played, but I saw it on the indie games.
Definitely check out all the Japanese named games because obviously they're from Japanese
companies, but they had one on there that was a sequel to Dodgeball.
Remember the old NES Dodgeball game?
Yes.
I saw one of those on the DS.
We reviewed that as one of the Kunio games too.
Yeah.
I saw a copy of that on DS when I was at shopping this week.
Yeah, they have something very similar to that on the indie games, and it was pretty
cheap.
Also, they have some good shmups on there.
Just a bunch of stuff.
Seriously, the indie games are worth checking out.
I mean, there's new stuff coming on there every day, and the rating system works really
well now, but I don't know.
For some reason, I'm interested in the Japanese games because there's a lot of interesting
stuff on there.
All right.
Let's get into some housekeeping tonight before we get into gaming news.
Housekeeping, I actually do have something to pimp this week.
Our friends at the podcast, The Ultimate Quest, located at ultimatequest.net, invited me on
their show this week.
They had a little bit of a roundtable talking about MMOs, so check it out.
I think it's going to be episode 85.
I might be wrong.
Check that out, though, at ultimatequest.net.
It was a roundtable.
It wasn't just me, but somebody I run into at a lot of the industry shows I go to, Ninja
Sista from Electric Sista Hood was on, and her co-host Panda was also on the show.
I don't remember his online name, but I know his name was Wes, and he was from The Control
Point, which is a Team Fortress 2 podcast.
But it's part of a larger network that unfortunately I forgot the name of, but I know they had
a WoW podcast and stuff because he knew his stuff when it came to MMOs.
So we were talking a little bit about MMOs, but it also got into other subjects.
I know we were talking about actually Sony Home for a little bit and some of the other
console-related things.
And of course, it's all hosted by Xenocore, who calls into this show once in a while.
So check that out.
That'll be out this week at some point.
It's not there right now, but I'm sure it'll be out during the week.
Also, of course, we always want to pimp the ways you can follow us online.
We have our Twitter at OLR.
We have our Facebook at OLRME.
Just search for that.
And of course, our Facebook at username OrangeLounge.
And we do have a MySpace we check like once a month.
So be on the lookout for that.
Okay, let's get into-
Oh, I forgot about MySpace.
That's right.
Most people did.
All right, let's get into tonight's gaming news and some discussion tonight on what happened
this week.
Loki, start us off tonight.
Yeah, there was a few things happening this week.
Not a lot of stuff we didn't know was coming, but we pretended to be shocked.
But yes, Microsoft finally confirmed that the Xbox 360 was dropping in price, at least
the Elite system and the Pro system while they last.
And of course, this is the kind of bring it down to two skews now, just the Arcade and
the Elite system.
The Elite will be dropping down to $299 and of course, the Arcade is still going to be
at $199 and the Pro to kind of clear it out, drop down to $249.
But once they're gone, they're gone.
So I don't know.
It's always good to drop the prices of those and the Elite's not a bad system, but I guess
if you don't want a black system, then-
There's a slight bit of deception in this price drop though, is that they removed the
cables.
The HDMI cable I think used to come with the Elite and I think it came with a component
too.
I could be wrong.
But those component cables, dude, those are proprietary by Microsoft.
You can get an HDMI cable cheap, but if your TV only has one HDMI port currently occupied
by your PS3 like mine does or what have you and you want to hook up through component
cables, those component cables are like $40 and they took those out.
So they may have dropped the price by $100, but they also dropped the value by $40.
But their excuse is that they're offering the same thing that Sony is and Sony in all
their skews, no matter what, it's always been just the standard AV cables.
And I suppose that's fair, but I mean, we do need to look at both sides of it.
Is that, yeah, the Xbox 360 is dropping in price, but it's not quite what it was.
I think they're both guilty of it.
Look at Sony.
Oh, they dropped the system price.
Oh, but they removed backwards compatibility or, oh, we dropped the system price and now
we removed some USB ports or we removed, you know, this or that.
I don't know.
It's, they're all guilty of it.
And yeah, you can probably find cheap third party cables for a lot less than, you know,
the 50 bucks.
Maybe for PlayStation 3, but I don't know about Xbox 360.
No, they've got them.
They've got like universal cables.
I thought they were proprietary on that.
No.
No?
No.
The HDMI stuff, you can use just a straight HDMI cable, but if you want your audio to
go out not over the HDMI and you want it to go out either optical or just stereo RCA,
you've got to have their proprietary, you know, cable.
Technically you have to have their proprietary cable just because if you were to plug in
like another AV cable or whatever, it happens to block the, you know, HDMI port or something
like that.
They're a little fat.
But yeah, I mean, if you're fine with it just going over HDMI, then you just buy an HDMI
cable for a few bucks and you're good to go.
But I don't know.
It's interesting and, you know, definitely price drops can't hurt, especially coming
to like the holiday and everything.
Why do you think they waited so long to announce this price drop officially?
I mean, we kind of knew this was coming for two weeks based on all the rumors and leaked
marketing.
Is it timed to compete directly with the PS3 Slim?
Probably to take some like, you know, thunder out of their announcement.
You know, it's like, oh, the PlayStation's $299.
Well, the Xbox has been $299 and now the better one's $299.
So you can basically, you know, buy either system with very similar specs and now it's
just the games that kind of decide it.
And really with the games, you know, the 360 has a larger catalog anyways.
And a Tigerclaw is linking us in chat to an Xbox 360 component cable for $6.75.
So okay, I guess I'm wrong.
I always thought you had to use the official cables when it came to the 360, but whatever.
All right.
Also kind of one thing I want to ask though, is the PS3 commercial, have you seen the new
Slim TV commercial?
Yeah.
It's kind of like, it does everything.
The guy that was in it, there was the one that was about the price drop or whatever.
That guy, I recognize him from another commercial, but I can't think of what it was.
But he's been like some other funny commercials like that, but that was pretty little tongue
in cheek there.
He looks like one of those dudes that would be in like a movie with Seth Rogen.
That's kind of what it looked like to me.
But yeah, just, you know, I like how they're like saying, you know, I heard a rumor that
it's going to drop the $299.
What do you have to say about this?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Yeah, it was kind of funny the way they kind of did that with the, because this is that,
you know, obviously the Slim rumor has been around forever and it only turned out to be
true.
That's kind of, it was kind of a funny way they did it.
Most console rumors end up turning out to be true.
I'm sure we'll have more that go into that later.
I like that Game Guru in chat says, PS3, it does everything except play PS2 games.
But it plays PS1 games just fine.
Does it print money?
So I don't know.
I have a real hard time buying the argument of, well, PS3s don't play PS2 games because
you can just go get a PS2 to play them on.
Well, then why do they play PS1 games?
Because they sell PS1 games over their marketing service right now.
And how long before they start selling the PS2 games over their service?
Until they figure out a way to emulate it, it might just be too much.
They do.
The ones in Europe, don't they use, wasn't there a SKU that used a software emulation
because not every game was playable?
No, that was like the middle of your solid 80 gig systems.
It was only a limited amount that were playable, but it had one of the two chips that were
in there.
It just emulated the other chip.
So it can't do full emulation, but if they decided, hey, we're going to bring back that
one chip again, then yeah, you could do it.
But they're not going to because that cuts down the cost of their system.
All right.
Well, let's move on to talking about something with Xbox and, of course, one of the features
that's coming to Xbox pretty soon, Twitter and, of course, Facebook.
Also I guess it was a little like press release that came out about the price cut, and there
was kind of a little footnote tucked away in it that mentioned that an Xbox Live Gold
membership is going to be required for Twitter and Facebook.
So apparently it is not going to be something that is going to be included as part of the
basic silver package.
But in an interview with Joystick, or I guess maybe a clarification to Joystick, that's
with a Q, of course, the gaming blog, a Microsoft representative said to them that Facebook
and Twitter on Xbox Live will be free to Gold members with a free trial period available
for Silver members.
Now, I'm not quite understanding what the point of Twitter and Facebook is on Xbox.
I think I have to see it in action.
But essentially if it's just me viewing Twitter updates on my Xbox 360, dude, that's just
like using the web.
And why do I need to pay for Gold to have that?
It's a little silly.
Same reason we have it on our phones.
I mean, I think though if you've already got Gold access, it's really a moot point.
But it's not something I would want to use on my Xbox.
I mean, that's why I have my phone.
That's why I have my computer.
I mean, this just seems like more ammunition for the Sony fanboys about Twitter and Facebook,
at least with Facebook, is that you can upload, well, starting soon with games supporting
it, you can upload like screen caps of you, you know, beating certain levels or getting
achievements or something like that.
So, you know, more crap to spam your Facebook with, basically.
Isn't that kind of what the DSI does?
You can upload the photos from your DSI, just like it kind of interacts like a mobile phone
does with Facebook.
Yeah.
But this is going to be a little bit more game related though.
I don't know why I would care what other people are playing.
Like I, like even those, uh, what is it that you see on the Raptor?
I hate those.
Like, I really could care less what you're playing unless, you know, I'm actually playing
it too or it's a game I'm interested in, but I really don't want to know what your achievements
are.
That really is meaningless to me.
Those, that has to be enabled by the user because I have a Raptor account, but it doesn't
publish my Twitter.
I just don't give it my Twitter password.
Everyone with Raptor.
I don't care, but yeah, I, I don't really, I mean, I guess some people are interested
or some people think what they're playing is so important that they have to show everybody
every little thing that they've done.
Like if I saw something funny happen in a game, then I might put a picture up.
Like when would I put those blue dragon pictures up?
Like two months ago when I was up all night bored.
Yeah.
That's, that's one thing.
It's with people who are like, oh, I played this.
Oh, I'm uploading every day, every day, every day.
Um, who cares?
Um, associate 100 Matt in chat says, uh, I, I'm just really worried that we are going
to get nothing but spam tweets and Facebook status of what people are playing is so then
that will be suck.
And you know, I kind of agree because Twitter is already kind of ruined for me as it is
like I don't really like to check Twitter.
It's too much.
I can't like, I don't know, I try to use tweet decks so that there's filters, but even then
it will only go so far back and if I'm only able to check Twitter once a day, I feel like
I kind of lose what everybody's up to.
Like I just, I'm really starting to just not like Twitter.
Like I just think it got too big too fast and I don't think they have the system.
I think it's going, it's Friendster.
It's going to go the way of Friendster where it just starts crapping out too much.
Yeah.
But do you remember Friendster?
It was supposed to be Facebook and Myspace, but it started crashing every day and it was
down for weeks at a time.
So everybody abandoned it for Myspace.
I think I looked at it and when it was kind of, I like Facebook really.
I do like Facebook.
It's easier to ignore shit on Facebook.
Yeah.
One thing I love about Facebook is that if there is an app that's publishing things that
you don't want to see, ignore and you never see it again.
It's great.
I just hope with the 360 and the Wii, if it does start publishing those types of updates,
you can block those as easily because unfortunately Facebook is turning into Twitter, but it's
almost getting worse because of all these like quiz updates and things.
You know, I may be just as guilty as the next guy, but I mean like if you don't check that
stuff regularly and you have a lot of friends, you know, it's like rapid fire live journal
is really what it is.
Well, I was using Facebook for things, you know, like my, my, my family's on Facebook,
so I actually more or less, it's how I, I put a little bit more important things there
so I can keep in touch with my family.
My Twitter is more like just how like it's more for networking now and a lot of the circles
that I'm in, you know, for, uh, I use it as a communication tool for people who don't
text, you know, because it comes to my phone.
Yeah.
I honestly, I only use Twitter for the networking aspect of it at this point.
There's, I find that most of my personal status updates I'm putting on Facebook, you know.
I'm using my live journal again.
Yeah.
You know, I will, I think I can't get into the in depth thoughts on really, really deal
with my day on Twitter and Facebook the way I can on live journal and I'm kind of sad
to see lots of people abandoning live journal for, you know, Twitter and Facebook and all
this stuff.
I've got that permanent account and it was a gift and I'm going to damn well use it.
Me too.
I, and people warned me that live journal wouldn't be around forever, but at the same
time I say, look, if it were not for live journal, the show probably would not exist.
I think that's pretty much a given.
Um, I would not have met some of the friends that I have in real life.
My current roommate, some of one of my best friends and a couple of other of my best friends.
Um, you know, I would never have met if it wasn't for live journal.
I mean that website has had a profound impact on my life.
I would be a different individual and call me a nerd, call me a dork, whatever you want
to call me for saying that about a website.
Fuck you.
Um, but it's true.
I would not be the same person if it was not for this website.
And so it's just really sad to see it being abandoned, you know, and in favor of all this
other junk.
The other thing I like live journal about though is that it actually is a good chance
for me to look back a few years and see where I was, you know, it's a really good tool for
personal inventory, but yeah, I, everyone's going to go to the, to the biggest, baddest,
newest thing, but I think that there's, I honestly still think that live journal is
remaining a staple for a lot of people.
I think, you know, Facebook has enough in terms of diverse things to do that it's going
to have some staying power.
Well, Facebook also has games, which I find interesting, you know, and in one topic, I
think we got into it on Bobby show a little bit last week and I can't remember if we got
into it on our own show, but I was talking about how Leo Facebook casual games are the
future of casual gaming because they're casual MMOs.
A lot of these that are coming up games like the mafia, the mobsters, the sorority life,
the farm bill, the ones I hate, you know, I like my animal, my pet society, hate them
as much as you want.
I'm telling you tons of people are playing them.
Oh no, I know.
I have plenty of notifications about it that I've had to ignore.
I was playing those games myself, but I finally stopped playing the one cause it was something
my ex got me into.
So I stopped playing it cause you know, I didn't want to play it anymore.
But you know, there's, you know, there's a lot of people playing those games.
Yeah.
I'd, I'd play that and it'd be interesting if those could somehow come to Xbox 360, but
obviously I don't think that's possible, obviously.
Maybe that's part of the deal actually getting the Facebook on is you get the apps with it.
Hmm.
Okay.
Rama in chat says, yeah, but Rob, that's not the big reason why people are leaving LJ.
People don't like the new draconian rules and regulations brought in, thus the Exodus.
The rules on live journal have never once affected me.
Same here.
I'm blogging about my life.
You know, that has never been something impacted by the live journal rules.
I think sometimes I think especially live journalers more than, and boy am I getting
off the subject, but I don't care tonight.
Um, I think live journals, uh, almost more than anyone want to start drama over everything.
And sometimes they're making a big fuss about nothing.
Like I think, do you remember when they banned all those accounts because they were getting
into suggested pedophilia and all this stuff?
Do you remember that?
And there was this big stink about it and how it was like freedom of speech being stopped
and all this.
And I'm kind of like, there's so many people making a big deal over this that I really
don't think we're honestly impacted in one way or another.
It was a bit ridiculous anyway.
And plus I think live journal does have a certain responsibility to stop a lot of that
crap from happening.
I think that some of it they did take out of context, which is really the big thing
that you run into anytime you bring in a corporate entity.
Um, and a lot of people will just look for reasons to be offended.
I mean, you know how I feel about that, but I think that because they do have a legal
responsibility to protect, yes.
You know, I think that they were justified in their actions.
I don't, they just needed to learn the difference between a Harry Potter fan fic and you know,
what was legitimately, you know, yeah, bad naughty stuff.
I think that it would have been better if they had taken more time or had better filtering
in place.
And I do kind of like that now it's like if you're going, if you're not logged in and
then, um, it'll ask you right up front, it'll have you, it won't let you look at certain
things if you're underage, if it suspects you of being underage.
And I didn't like how everybody was so quick to abandon live journal for other just clones,
ripoffs of live journal, which you know, live journal was always open source.
So it was very easy to make the ripoffs of because it was always about the community.
And if the community branches off in all these directions, it's exactly what happened to
my old wow guild.
Everybody started abandoning it because everybody wanted to get something else out of the game.
And some people went over here.
Some people went over here, someone went over here and the game got ruined for everybody
because the community was gone.
Because I don't know, maybe I'm going to take some shit for this comment, but some people
got a little selfish and it ruined the community.
And I think in the sense, that's kind of what happened to live journalism sets.
I think a lot of those people that abandoned it for other sites got selfish, but give me
shit for that comment.
If you want.
That's how I honestly feel.
So too bad.
Um, let's see, but, but every time I feel like live journals dying, I just load up,
Oh no, they didn't.
And then I'm always like, Oh, okay.
There's still tons of people on live journal.
We actually have a new member, by the way, to our cast who wants to comment on this.
What in the hell is that?
Tribble.
His name is Angus.
Since, since we don't have the ferret in this studio, I suppose Angus will have to do Angus
the Tribble.
Angus the Tribble.
Nice.
All right.
Um, okay.
Sorry.
I, I got on a rant about social networking that I didn't mean to get into.
Um, but yeah, Hey, uh, Facebook and Twitter only if you're on gold, otherwise you're
going to get the trial period on silver.
Um, I guess more to come about what these apps are really about, um, soon, but you know,
I'm looking at a screenshot on Facebook or I'm sorry, Twitter, and it's pretty self-explanatory.
You hit the X button to tweet what you're doing.
Otherwise you see little clouds pop up on the screen with what all your friends are
doing.
It might be the kind of thing like you could run at a party, I guess.
I wonder if the fail will make an appearance.
I'll be interesting.
Anyhow.
Okay.
Let's move on.
One more gaming news.
I know that I went on a huge tangent, but too bad.
What we do is we're orange tangent radio.
Um, at any rate though, in more X-Box news on, uh, the Amazon German site, there was
a listing for 250 gigabyte X-Box 360 elite, um, that was promptly yanked right, right
after it posts.
Um, it was, uh, for, uh, 297, uh, Euro night, well, 297.99, um, and had two wireless controls.
There's a copy of Forza Motorsport 3, which was, you know, it's coming out October.
Um, and we, you know, we know about the price cut, so this could be, you know, something
that they're gonna do to, uh, you know, produce more money to make, you know, put in a bit
more profit, but there's no comment from Microsoft yet.
Well, I think like most rumors, this one's gonna inevitably prove true as well.
Yeah, it's kind of funny too, because in South Africa, apparently the website xboxgaming.co.za
also had another elite, uh, console bundle with, um, also a, uh, what was it, uh, two
wireless controllers and a 250 gigabyte, um, hard drive as well.
Hmm.
Well, I, you know, I think, um, these are probably inevitable for Christmas.
I think, you know, these big bundles that come with lots of games and lots of storage,
I think it's the Christmas.
It's setting the stage for the holiday season.
Sounds good to me.
I think it's inevitable you're gonna see these larger drives come out, especially what's
funny.
If those rumors about the PS3 slim with the 250 gigabytes are true, this is just right
on par with that.
Exactly.
Everybody's, you know, aware of what everyone else is doing, and so why not?
Just put out the terabyte hard drive and be done with it.
Seriously.
Those are down pretty cheap.
I know.
$100 for a terabyte drive.
I know.
It's crazy.
You know, I was saying that, you know, I was, um, out at Fry's this weekend and I was actually
saying that instead of just selling terabyte drives for $100, if you wanted to make tons
of money, they should sell what's called terabyte full of porn, and just sell a terabyte, just
sell one of those drives that's already preloaded with just porn, and sell it for like $150,
and you would make just tons and tons and tons and tons and tons of money.
What?
Just like call it the, uh, the red light special or something?
Just big brick of porn or something.
Just sell like crazy.
Big brick of porn.
Yes.
Um, something that's being offered, well, kind of on the down low, but Best Buy is apparently
putting out a message to, um, their employees that says, um, you know, if you get anybody
trying to return their recently purchased 80 gigabyte system, since, you know, the price
just dropped and now you can get, you know, a system with a larger hard drive for the
same price, um, you know, to discourage the return and instead offer a free game instead.
So if you happen to have purchased a, you know, 80 gig system, you might as well try
taking it back to Best Buy and see what they do, and they may give you a free copy of Infamous
MLB 09 The Show or Killzone 2.
How about a good game?
Infamous is a good game, so is Killzone 2.
Yeah, but they've been out for a little bit.
Yeah.
And they probably have a lot of people who already own all those games, you know?
Well, you know what?
They don't have a lot of games coming out that are made by Sony that are, you know,
brand new, so this is gonna have to do for now, because there's no Uncharted 2 yet.
Oh well.
But um, yeah, it's kind of funny though.
Why are they letting people get away with that?
So people bring in their PS3s and say- Because they have like a 30 day return policy
or whatever, and they can go- For any reason?
Um, I guess, yeah.
Well, then I guess it sucks to be them for putting up that reason in the first place.
They should say so.
They should have a clause in there.
Well, it's because probably people are pissed off that they just bought a PS3.
They knew that the price drop was coming.
I mean, we kind of all knew that the price drop was coming, but essentially they may
have known that the price drop was coming, and now that it has, you know, they just sold
the console to a guy for $100 more, you know, for, you know, an 80 gig hard drive, and now
he can buy, you know, the same console with the larger hard drive, it's slimmed down,
brand new, for like a hundred bucks cheaper.
Yeah, they'd be pretty pissed too.
But at the same time, that's just the way the world works, so-
Be mad at Sony.
Yeah.
I guess.
I don't know, or be mad at yourself for not paying more attention to what's going on because
we all knew this was coming for months.
I don't know.
Be an informed buyer.
Well, anyhow, let's talk about the Wii a little bit, because we've been talking a lot about
the 360 and the PS3 tonight.
And one thing we talked about a lot last week were some of these new peripherals that are
rumored for the Wii.
And I'm getting to the point where, before I tell you what this is, this new peripheral
this week, if you haven't already read about it, I'm getting to the point where I'm wondering
if some of these aren't fake.
That Nintendo does have a new peripheral on the way, but they're patenting all this other
shit to throw us off, because now apparently a football controller has been patented.
That's right, it's a little football where apparently there's a strap, I guess, on one
side where you can actually put your hand, and then you, I guess, like imagine holding
a football.
You kind of put your hand through the strap, and then on the top would be where the Wiimote
rests.
I guess you'd still be able to hit some of the buttons.
So you would be able to imagine yourself kind of throwing this football and then hitting
maybe a button to release the ball or something as you're throwing it.
That would be the type of controller, and apparently this was patented with the motion
and plus as a part of the football, by the way.
How many broken TVs are we going to see?
That's what I'd be worried about, but apparently there's a big old strap on this football that
you put your hand through.
I think it's supposed to prevent that, but you know some dumb kid's going to throw this
through a TV, but I'm sure they'll have all the safety warnings and all that stuff.
It's just, these are dumb, and you know, it's sad, is that the next real idea they come
out with is going to be very dumb as well.
I mean, come on, the Wii Vitality Sensor.
Well, I just want to also say about this football real quick is that it's also supposed to be
able to interpret running.
I guess it's supposed to notice your body motion, and so you can actually detect running.
So maybe this is for some type of full-blown Nintendo-based football game coming out in
the near future, or next year's Madden.
I don't know.
That sounds lame, and you know why?
Because why do I need to buy another peripheral to do something that I could probably do with
the remote by itself anyways?
Maybe to kind of match that feel of actually holding the football in your hand?
Maybe they should try something else more innovative instead of having to create a new
peripheral for every fucking game that comes out.
You know, why don't you create some new peripherals that can be used for more stuff than just
like, you know, the football controller.
Well, I'm not going to be able to use that for anything else than the football game,
and I'm guessing there's probably only going to be like one or two football games that
support it.
Well, America and Canada and all the other countries in the world where the Wii is out,
if you want Nintendo to stop doing this, stop buying them.
But look, whenever they release a new peripheral, they sell like crazy.
Because people are dumb.
It's like a balance board.
You know, I'm sure Wii Sports Resort is doing very well too with the Emotion Plus.
I mean, granted, now here's one interesting thing.
I saw at Fry's this weekend, I was there just shopping.
They had maraca shells for the Wii, because remember, you know, they had a samba de amigo
game of the Wii.
They had the maraca shells on clearance, 90 cents for a maraca shell for you.
I'm totally getting one.
Go out to the Fry's and Roseville.
You know what I looked at?
They had shelves and shelves of them.
I went down there too and I saw the Rock Revolution bundles and I'm like, I gotta see how much
they were.
Well, it was 20 bucks on the PS3, right?
But still 60 bucks on the Xbox 360, which I thought was weird.
Yeah.
20 bucks though for the full drum set.
I'm like, nope, still not worth 90 cents.
That's what I'll buy it for.
I almost picked up the game, but I still have a broken Xbox 360.
You know, it might actually be good to convert into like a Drummania controller or something
like that.
Maybe.
When it's 90 cents.
Comments from chat.
chat.orangehonestradio.com.
Excuse me.
Kevin.
Going to Kevin tonight for some comments.
Bochikawa asks, Wii motion plus can sense running, can't it?
Yeah, I would think so.
I mean, isn't that a part of...
The Wii remote can sense running.
EA active has running in it and it says Wii Fit has it and you're running in place.
Frisbee says Nintendo because we spread ourselves too thin.
Kind of not a bad argument.
I mean, isn't that kind of what the problem seems to be with Nintendo right now?
It's just like, okay, remember the Wii Zapper?
The shell that was supposed to revolutionize, you know, their gun games?
That was crap.
Okay?
Seriously, you don't need it.
In fact, games play better without it, if you ask me.
But whatever, you know, they put it out and now there's all these copies and stuff that
actually do a better job than they did.
But people bought it because it had a free game with it, you know, Link's Crossbow Training,
which I can say, honestly, I've only played once that one time that we did like, you know,
the challenge and that was it and I haven't touched it since.
And the Zapper shell?
Awful.
I'll take the perfect shot any day.
Game Guru in Chat says, just watch, this will be included in Super Mario Football and it
will sell millions.
Sad but true.
Yeah, that's what they do.
Just slap Mario's face on it or, you know, some popular Nintendo character's face on
it and make the graphics really cute and chibi and it will sell like crazy.
And then they'll be on the news about how, hey, kids can play football but at home.
Well, then I don't want to hear any fucking bitching then when they're complaining that
they can't figure out why, you know, the hardcore gamer doesn't want anything to do with them
next console cycle.
Why do they not want to play our games, you know?
It's not like we're focusing only on children's games like we did at the GameCube and then
bitched about that too.
I mean, I don't know, it's just...
I don't think you need to do this stuff, just make better games.
By the way, a comment in chat made me think to remind for our international listeners
when we are talking about football, we're talking about American football, not football
as the rest of the world knows it.
As in crap.
Yeah.
Because that would make no sense to put your hand in a glove with the ball.
It would make no sense to be...
I would hope most people kind of figured that out.
We try to be aware that we have a worldwide audience but at the end of the day, we do
live in California and sometimes we forget some of these things that football is different
other places.
So there you go.
ActDeftInChat says, Nintendo, play Mario's dick with new dick peripheral.
But that's not family friendly, you see.
That's why that wouldn't happen.
That's not for the whole family.
That's why the Wii...
But it is fun for Mario.
The Wii Vitality sensor for old people.
That's what they're going to put on it.
That's going to be the slogan.
For old people.
In the pack-in game, you're going to die soon.
It'll be like that banner ad you always see on the internet, you know, click to find out
when you will die and then you put your mouse over it, it says 666 and all this guy.
Have you ever seen that ad?
No.
I saw it on Myspace once.
It just cracked me up at how stupid it is.
Oh, that's why I don't go to Myspace.
Why would somebody click on that, really?
Although they have some pretty creative banner ads out there.
They'll always have like, you know, slap Susan Boyle, win a prize and it's a picture of Susan
Boyle or whatever, just some celebrity and they have some interesting banner ads.
Admit it, there's been one out there that you've kind of tinkered with and hovered your
mouse around.
Hover the mouse around, not clicked on.
Not clicked on.
They're like, I moved the mouse and I'm like, Hey, that did something.
Oh, that's cool.
Block.
All right.
I want to say once I saw one with OJ Simpson and as she moved the mouse, he was wielding
a knife and it was so wrong, but really funny and I still remember it to this day, which
I guess is what advertising is all about.
Of course, I just don't remember what product it was for.
Win a free Xbox.
All right.
Sham.
Wow.
All right.
Let's move on.
We got release dates coming up, but first another story.
Well, um, there's actually something to be in next week's, um, Famitsu is a game called
Okami Den, um, which, um, it actually was, uh, put out for the Japanese seven 11 website,
but it is a Capcom trademark and, um, they, uh, mentioned it in 2chan.
So, uh, now everyone's talking about it and the rumor is that it's, um, a sequel to Okami.
Um, because, uh, what it's looking like is it could either be Okami Gaiden or Okami Densetsu,
which would be either Okami side story or Okami legend.
So who knows?
Well, you know, I'm not surprised.
Okami was a pretty critically praised game.
I don't know how it did sales wise, but I think it did okay.
Yeah.
It certainly, certainly is, uh, as well as other games that get sequels made of them.
But, but Capcom broke with, um, Clover Studios.
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
They might get another developer to do it.
If they still own the IP, they can get whoever they want to do it.
I mean, that would be nothing new.
You see series going from developer to developer all the time, like Silent Hill, what happened
to Team Silent?
You know, they didn't have them done.
Which is unfortunate.
They decided to send the franchise over here where it'd promptly get ruined.
I didn't think Homecoming was as terrible as a lot of people made it out to be, but
it was different.
It was definitely different from the old school Silent Hill games.
So, um, alright, well let's move into some release dates.
Loki.
Yes.
Well, next week actually got some pretty decent stuff coming out.
Um, starting off with, of course, Guitar Hero 5, which will be coming out on the 1st.
And that's going to be on, you know, PlayStation 2, PS3, Wii, and 360.
Remember, if you buy your copy during the month of September, you will also get a free
copy of Guitar Hero Van Halen if you remember to register it online by the end of October.
Also coming out will be Command & Conquer Red Alert Commander's Challenge on the PlayStation
Network and Xbox Live Arcade this week.
Pinball Hall of Fame The Williams Collection on PS3 and 360, although if I remember correctly
I think that's actually the week after.
I think that date's wrong.
Section 8 on PC and Xbox 360 this week, Soulcalibur Broken Destiny on PSP, 7 Wonders 2 on DS,
and Champions Online on PC.
Also another Xbox, or actually I think this is on both Xbox Live Arcade and the PlayStation
Network, NBA 2K10 Draft Combine.
You can actually build up some of your players for the new NBA game.
And Fate Unlimited Codes on PSP, which is a digital download only title.
I think those are the big ones for this week.
I do need to get my 360 fixed soon because I do want to pick up Guitar Hero 5, just because
I like the song list in it.
And you know, what the hell.
I may not be the biggest Van Halen fan, but hey, free game, it's kind of hard to ignore,
right?
Yeah.
Oh, I forgot some other ones here.
Warriors of Rochi 2 on PSP was coming out as well.
That's it.
What was that on PSP?
Warriors of Rochi 2.
It's like Dynasty Warriors.
Okay.
All right.
Let's go to Japan and see what's coming out over there.
It's a little bit of a slower week in Japan.
There's not a whole lot coming out, but we do have a game called 428 is coming out from
Sega on the PS3 this week.
There's nothing on the 360, believe it or not.
But this game's coming out on the PlayStation 3 and it looks like it kind of mixes in some
real life scenes here.
It looks like some type of interactive drama.
But all I know is that there's a giant furry cat as part of the game.
It's like a little action adventure game.
So it looks interesting.
I don't know if this is based off a show or something, but it's an action adventure game
coming out in Japan on the PlayStation 3.
Not on the 360 that I saw, but definitely looks kind of interesting.
A game coming out on the PlayStation 2 this week, Sweet Honeycoming is the name of the
game.
That's C-O-M-I-N-G.
And it looks kind of like a date sim game because there's all these girls and practically
upskirt shots of some of them.
Are you sure that's the correct spelling?
I'm perfectly sure that is the correct spelling of the game.
But it looks to be like another dating game on the PlayStation 2, so have fun with that
if you want.
And we have some other games coming out on the Nintendo DS.
Love Plus comes out from Konami on the DS.
I think this might be yet another type of dating sim game.
I think it was another dating sim.
But this one's from Konami, so it's kind of one of the bigger series out there.
I believe I saw an article on this on Kotaku and they've actually made it more explicit,
I think, than the PC version.
I don't know.
It was either more or less.
I think it was more, though, because I was like, huh, that's interesting.
And then on the Sony PSP this week, Samurai Duo 2 Portable is coming out this week, which
looks to be a type of fighting game about samurais, but it's not Samurai Showdown, but
kind of close.
I think it's Warriors Orochi 2, maybe.
There you go.
There's your Japanese release dates for the week.
How about a trip to the UK, Dark Sakura?
Well, what we have coming up on the second is Defense Grid The Awakening, and then a
bunch of stuff on the fourth.
We have Champions Online, Cursed Mountain, Dissidia Final Fantasy, Guilty Gear 2 Overture,
IL-2's Stramovik Birds of Prey, Metroid Prime Trilogy, The Humans, and Warriors Orochi 2
on PSP.
Are we kind of at a slow period right now, because now we're kind of past the summer
season with all the kiddies getting back in school, you know, and then the holidays will
be kind of the next big push getting into October?
I mean, Guitar Hero 5 is certainly a big game, and certainly The Beatles this month, but
outside of music games, no.
It's actually going to pick up a lot next week.
Really?
Yeah.
It's just going to keep going, because this year everybody's afraid of Modern Warfare
2.
Why?
I don't know, but there's a lot of games that normally come out in November that are
coming out early, like Smackdown vs. Raw 2010 is coming out at the end of October instead
of middle of November, but a lot of things are actually crammed in there, so like, especially
next week with, like, you know, on the week of the eighth there's Dirt 2, Mini Ninjas,
that pinball game, some other stuff coming out as well, and there's new releases each
week that are actually pretty decent.
Fair enough.
So some other stuff, a little bit of Rock Band information, including, you may remember
we talked about the Rock Band Network, how you can, well, first off they're going to
have, you know, some original content coming to there as well, but another update that's
supposedly going to be coming soon, I guess this November, is they're going to allow demos
of songs that are available on their actual store, which is pretty cool.
You get 30 second playable samples that you can check out, and, I mean, that's pretty
sweet.
You know, you get to actually try them before you buy them.
That's good, because considering most of the bands that are supposed to be on this service
are bands I've never heard of, that's kind of needed.
I take that back, it wasn't 30 seconds, it was a free demo, it's one minute or 35% of
the song, whatever is shorter.
So you basically get a third of the song, I mean, that's still pretty cool that at least
you get to try them out before you buy them.
Yeah, I think it's important to hear what you're buying, especially because you're taking
a gamble on a lot of these songs, I think.
Yeah, exactly.
So, I mean, hey, that's good, I'm glad.
Also the Rock Band Network store will be coming to the Playstation 3 as well, however not
to the Wii.
And as of right now, though, the development tools to put songs on the actual Rock Band
Network are only available through the XNA program, but they are going to pick select
songs from that Rock Band Network and actually put them on to the Playstation 3.
So basically the Playstation 3 will kind of have the greatest hits of the Rock Band Network,
whereas the 360 will still have the bulk of the songs.
Well, I guess it's nice to get that better than nothing, I suppose.
But who's to say what the best is?
You're kind of relying on, or maybe the best sellers, I guess, because otherwise you're
relying on someone's opinion, which could be dangerous, but I guess if it's best sellers
that's a little more fair, or, you know, critically acclaimed or something, I don't know.
Yeah, apparently what's involved with it is not every song on the Rock Band Network will
be available for PlayStation 3 owners.
The option to bring over a song to the PS3 version of the store will be offered at Harmonix's
discretion, and even then it will be an opt-in.
The artists have to do some paperwork to properly port their songs to the Playstation Network,
a process that Harmonix believes no one will refuse.
It's more revenue.
I am so excited, by the way, about Rock Band Beatles, can I just say?
I'm so looking forward to seeing them.
So am I.
Did you see the demo that they had at Fry's?
No.
Oh, yes.
No, I didn't see the demo at Fry's.
Did they really?
I missed it.
No, I saw some other demos, but not of Rock Band Beatles, I saw a Rock Band demo, but
it wasn't the Beatles.
There's some kids playing it.
Huh.
Yeah, they actually had Rock Band Beatles.
I don't know why, I'm just like really excited about it, even though I'm not like a huge
Beatles fan.
Well, I mean, certainly I respect them, and they have a lot of great songs, I just, I
wouldn't consider myself like a rabid Beatles fan, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Like I just think this game is gonna be so cool, like I'm just, and, you know, what a
tribute to what they're doing over there with this game, that it's making a whole new generation.
I mean, obviously I'm a little older than most people that probably listen to this show,
but I would say a lot of the, you know, college kids that listen to this show are probably
excited about this too.
What a testament to that, that, you know, Rock Band's making people excited about the
frickin' Beatles all over again.
I just think it's neat.
I agree.
So.
I'm looking forward to it, you know, I'm gonna get it.
Oh, yeah.
We should rock, rock, have a rock star party one night and get our Beatles on, be fun.
Hell yeah.
Anyhow, hey, but if you don't wanna play music games, one thing you can do with your 360
or PS3 or soon, the Nintendo Wii, is this new service called Play On.
It's actually already on the 360 and the PS3, but apparently the service is about to be
going into beta for the Wii.
This service will actually stream both Netflix and Hulu to your Wii.
It basically builds a bridge between your computer and your Nintendo Wii, but hey, it's
a way to get these services on your television if all you have is a Wii.
It is a 14-day free trial, but after that you have to pay $40 if you wanna keep the
service.
The MediaMall.com is where you can pick this up.
I thought Diversity already did that for free.
You know, at least, I'm not sure about the Netflix, but I know, I think you can stream
Hulu with Diversity.
I had Diversity for a little while, but it was kinda hard to figure out.
I use it all the time.
We watched a RiffTrax movie on that the other day, Prisoner of Azkaban.
But yeah, we use it for streaming movies and pornography all the time.
Mainly movies, but yeah.
Maybe I need to get the newer version of that or something, but the PS3 streams stuff pretty
well, but it doesn't tap into Netflix and Hulu.
That's what makes this other thing pretty cool.
Diversity does.
I think it will actually tap into, I think you can set different streams on YouTube.
It has a bunch of old TV shows, like Star Trek and stuff on there that you can actually
tap into.
G4, I think it does Hulu, and then some other stuff.
But it's free.
I mean, so I would try the free solution first if that doesn't work out for you.
Then maybe there's a paid program.
Granted, I haven't looked at Diversity in a year and a half, so maybe that's why.
Yeah.
I love it.
It works pretty good.
Hmm.
Well, I'd be definitely curious to check that out, but of course you can't get that on the
Wii.
I think it does work on the Wii, actually.
Really?
It's done through a web interface or something.
I thought it did.
I could be completely wrong, because I don't ever use it on the Wii.
But the Wii can't do high def.
Does it stream high def if it's available?
Well, it can stream high def for, you know, standard definition.
Have you been watching high def porn?
I tend not to download the high def stuff, because the file size is larger, and it takes
a lot longer.
So, no, but we have streamed high def movies over on it, and it works pretty well.
Of course, you know, Wi-Fi probably wouldn't work well with high def, and definitely not
on the Wii.
All right.
Well, we're just about to the end of part A tonight of our show.
There's plenty more of Orange Lawn's radio still to come, but of course we can't say
goodbye to part A tonight without the Classic Game of the Week.
That's right.
It's time for the Classic Game of the Week, the part of the show where our very own Dark
Sakura takes a trip to the vault and pulls out a video game that she thinks, you know
what?
You guys ought to be playing this game.
Why are you not playing this?
Probably because they can't.
Yeah, usually you pick a lot of games on systems that are just kind of hard to find these days.
I did get picked something kind of obscure this week.
That's all right.
Obscure is fine.
Maybe next week you can pick something more mainstream, but that's okay.
You pick whatever the hell you want, Dark Sakura.
Hell yeah.
What is tonight's Classic Game of the Week?
Tonight's Classic Game is a little shooter called Robo-Elast.
I don't know if anyone else knows this game, but it's, um, it was a Sega CD game and it's
actually, it really is a fun game.
It was put out by Tengen in 1992 in Japan, 93 in America.
So it's like feudal Japan having giant mecha is pretty much the story of the game.
And one of the pilots is fighting against the other feudal lords.
And you play someone named Kage who is one of Nobunaga's robot ninja army and you're
flying the Elast, which is a big robot with a gun who looks very much like samurai armor.
So yeah, pretty kind of weird storyline, but it's pretty funny.
Oh, in Japan, by the way, it was called Denin Elast.
So it's one of those vertical shooters.
You have enemies coming forward and behind you and to the side and you have a boss and
yeah, shooter.
So you've got different kind of weapons.
You have Raisenha, which is a lightning attack.
You have Husha Shuriken, which is, um, like big stars, um, the Hiei Meppujin, which is
also called the flying shadow formation.
So you can, uh, have options that fly up in front of you and the Bakuryu Hosenka, which
is a exploding flower.
So it's like little bombs going out and it's pretty cool little game.
I mean, there's not really much else to say.
It's just a shooter, but it's fun.
Oh yeah.
And by the way, it was developed by Compile.
So it's in that family.
Awesome.
Pretty cool game, what do you think?
Um, yeah, it sounds kind of fun.
I like looking at this, it looks like a fun little shooter.
Um, it almost looks white screen to me.
I don't know if that's just the way they capture it.
No, I guess this is kind of a standard size, but kind of interesting because obviously
they didn't make games on widescreen back then, but you know, just however, they occasionally
did make some shooters where you could turn your TV sideways.
That is so why would you do that?
Isn't that dangerous for your TV?
How do you think about a shooters are built and that there's actually quite a number of
games that are made with the monitor being in a, uh, in the top of the cabinet and using
a mirror.
So the game will play reverse and you and the mirror will show it right side.
I think I've seen one of those before.
Yeah, but it's done a lot of times for purposes of, uh, getting the right kind of, uh, screen
shape.
Uh, as she went on her mat in chat says, uh, wait, are you saying feudal Japan didn't have
meccas?
No, feudal Japan did not have meccas and frisbee giant enemy crabs or giant enemy crabs.
You know what?
In the movie I saw the head giant enemy crab set in Japan was that it's called the house
where evil dwells.
This was a movie that I had been looking for since I saw it when I was like six or seven
and it's one of the early American movies that did Japanese style horror and they is
about these people that moved to Japan.
One of them is a writer and he wants inspiration except they end up being possessed by ghosts
who lived in the house.
But there's a scene where like a good daughter gets thrown out of the tree by a giant demon
crab and they make grunting noises at her.
All righty, whatever you're into.
There you go.
All right.
Robo Alest is your classic video game of the week on the Sega CD.
And yes, you can get it in English.
It is available.
So check that out if you're Sega CDR and you want to see feudal Japan with a giant enemy
robots.
All right.
That's going to do it for tonight's Part A of Orange Lounge Radio, but fear not.
We've got plenty more to come in Part B, including your phone calls, your Twitter topics and
rapid fire news, as well as we're going to be talking a little bit about Walmart and
the possibility about arcades in Walmart's future beyond just the couple of games you
might see in the lobby.
We're going to talk about all that when we come back for Part B. So stay tuned here on
Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to more of Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday, August the 30th of 2009,
where we of course tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio from six o'clock
Pacific Standard Time till, I don't know, around nine, whenever we feel like quitting.
That's the great thing about being on a flexible station like All Games Radio.
We don't have a set time limit when we have to finish, but poor Bobby, the show before
us, he has to finish by six o'clock because that's where we're usually on, but he's flexible
too.
Sadly, he won't be on next week because he's going to Penny Arcade Expo and hopefully will
be calling us next week from Penny Arcade Expo to give us the rundown.
We are all too poor to go this year.
Actually I'm saving up to go to PAX East.
I don't know about my wonderful co-hosts, but I know that's my goal is to get to Boston
next year.
So we'll see.
I'm saving up for more pasta.
All right.
I'm not traveling.
Yeah.
Not a big traveler?
No.
All right.
Well, I will represent OLR if no one else wants to, but you guys can do a show without
me that week.
That'd be tons of fun, won't it?
Sure.
All right.
All right.
Let's get back into some more gaming news here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Actually, wait.
I lied.
We're going to start with Twitter topics.
We're always going to start off part B with some Twitter topics.
And actually got us a little theme song this week.
That's right.
A little smooth jazz for your Twitter topics.
Starting off, reading some of the responses on Twitter at OLR and things you want us to
talk about tonight, Blade3 asks, laptop with fold-out panoramic screens.
Good for gamers.
Totally 3D.
I haven't heard of this.
You have a laptop now with fold-out monitors?
Loki, have you heard of this?
Nope, but it sounds cool.
It sounds cool, but isn't that like kind of expensive?
Kind of pointless?
It would be kind of ridiculous now, a PC with panoramic monitors I can get behind that.
At Deft wants to know, oh, I'm sorry, that was a plug for our show.
Thank you, At Deft.
Surtur wants to know, OLR, is the PS3 Slim slower than the PS3 Classic?
From what I've been reading, there are certain aspects that are definitely slower.
By the way, my Slim will be here Thursday, my first new console since the NES.
Game suggestions?
Depends what you like.
I guess, well, if you're getting in in a week or so, Guitar Hero 5, if you like that kind
of thing.
Otherwise, Madden if you like sports, I guess.
Download Mega Man 9.
If you haven't gamed since the NES, Mega Man 9 will be right up your alley.
I don't know.
That's a long time to go without, I promise you.
Buy some used $20 games or something.
It's like buying a Commando drop down price.
Dan Shadow says, OLR, the indie game PB Winterbottom is finally coming to Xbox Live after a great
showing at E3 2008.
This looks good.
I've never heard of this.
PB Winterbottom, have you heard of this?
I think this is actually one of the games that 2K is actually publishing on Xbox Live
Arcade.
It's an independent game, but they're publishing two games that are going to be on Xbox Live
Arcade.
I haven't heard too much about it, but it looked neat.
Let's see, Spazinator says, how about a discussion, sorry, Spazinator PSN says, how about a discussion
about upcoming known features for the 360 and PS3 tonight?
That's kind of vague.
I don't know if there was a particular thing of mine.
We talked a little bit about Twitter and Facebook.
What's on the horizon for PlayStation 3?
We talked about their update a little bit last week.
Do we know any other features on the horizon?
I don't know.
It's just pretty much what they've discussed already.
They're going to have, obviously, the Facebook, Twitter stuff, the Last.fm thing that they're
going to be adding on there.
Whatever else they tend to throw in there as well, I guess, they've pretty much announced
everything already.
Unless they announce some more stuff at PAX, I don't think they have any press conferences
at PAX.
As far as the PlayStation 3 goes, there's supposed to be a lot of stuff for the 3.0
firmware upgrade, like the animated themes and the what's new portion of it.
I don't know.
I don't really care about here, unfortunately.
Ray Iannami says, I'd like to bring up Tetris the Grandmaster 4, which got announced, but
I'm going to wait until more details to request it.
Oops, I guess I read it anyway.
Is that the new one that they've talked about that's supposed to be coming out on Wii?
Or is this a whole new Tetris game?
No, that's DS and Wii, it was like Tetris Party or something like that, it was different.
Unless that's like calling Grandmaster 4.
Hold on, I'm getting a picture right now of what this new little dual screen laptop looks
like.
Wow, that looks actually kind of crappy.
It looks like a bad Photoshop or something.
That's awful.
Alright.
One more tweet from Tigerclaw305.
Imagine sitting next to someone on a plane with that, watching a movie.
Oh my god, as if the overweight people weren't bad enough.
Tigerclaw305 says, Piracy protection is why PSP Go's battery isn't removable.
There's no such thing as not removable.
Apparently the whole Pandora's battery thing is the reason why the PSP Go's battery you
can't take it off.
Yeah, but they forget one thing.
No one's going to buy the PSP Go, and if you really want to put homebrew and pirate stuff,
you're going to buy PSP 3000, which is also readily available for less than the PSP Go.
What if they stop making PSP 3000?
They're not going to.
You think?
They'll piss off a lot of people if they do that.
By the way, there's a comment right here from John Collar, the Sony Computer Entertainment
Association, America's president.
You won't be able to rip your games and play them on the PSP Go system.
The firmware precludes that.
There's no external battery, so there's a number of protections put into place on the
system.
Oh, ho, ho, ho, you're just throwing out another challenge, aren't you?
Just stop doing that.
They really want to take it apart to get to the battery they can, okay?
People will take apart their systems to mod it if they really need to.
And just saying that you can't do it doesn't mean it's not possible, because every single
firmware that you've released has been cracked immediately.
All right.
That's enough for Twitter topics.
If you have more you want to contribute, we'll open up the Skypline a little later in the
show.
Sorry if we didn't get to your tweet, but we want to get to some rapid fire news.
Loki, some quick topics to start us off tonight.
All right.
Well, let's start off with a little bit of Tim Curry news.
He's apparently doing the voice of the villain in Dragon Age Origins, and that makes that
game 100% cooler now.
So he's going to be a calculating villain.
Tim Curry makes every game better.
Yes.
Also in other news, Space Invaders and Bust A Move are headed to the Blackberry.
You know, mainly you see a lot of new games coming to the iPhone, but yes, it's nice to
see that the Blackberry is getting some new stuff as well.
And both of those are going to be available, I guess, for $4.99 and feature two different
control schemes.
And then finally, Peggle Knights is coming to Xbox Live Arcade via an expansion for Peggle.
And of course, that will pretty much double the amount of levels that are available in
there and will feature three new achievements worth a total of 50 Microsoft points, or I
guess achievement points, not Microsoft points.
No word yet on what the expansion is going to cost, but it will be coming out sometime
this fall.
Moving on to some more news about a game we heard about a while ago that I haven't seen
any new news on lately, but iPet is actually coming out on November 17th.
It's finally been dated.
iPet is a game that you use the PlayStation Eye, I guess, to actually interact with a
small little pet.
An eye-equipped bundle with the game is coming out for $60.
I guess the game is supposedly like the old game Seaman on the Dreamcast, you remember
that?
But it's not quite as weird.
And it's a monkey, a little monkey instead of a little seahorse or whatever it was in
that game.
He's much cuter than Seaman.
That's right.
N Plus is developing a new game called Slick Entertainment Made N Plus.
They are now making a new game called Scrap Metal that's had a little trailer release
this week.
It's a top-down racing game, and it looks kind of like, if you remember, Super Off-Road,
which is like the quintessential Pizza Party game.
Yeah, or like Super Sprint or something like that.
Rock and Roll Racing is another game it's being compared to.
All those games.
But, of course, a newer type of physics engine, and it looks like the track doesn't all show
on the screen at once, but it looks pretty cool.
It does look really sweet.
I bet this game will be a lot of fun to play on Xbox Live Arcade, so keep an eye out for
that.
And lastly, some of your Rock Band updates this week.
Some of the songs that will be coming out to Rock Band this week include The Talking
Heads and She Was, Cross-Eyed and Painless, Girlfriend is Better, Once in a Lifetime,
and Take Me to the River.
All of those games coming out on the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions of Rock Band this week,
as well as some individual songs from Avenged Sevenfold, The Jam, Oasis, and Rage Against
the Machine.
Guerrilla Radio is coming out on Rock Band.
Oasis, by the way, a live song coming from that, Supersonic.
Apparently, you won't be seeing Oasis live anymore, as one of them threw a hissy fit,
as tends to happen.
I really like how it was said in an episode of Phineas and Ferb.
It was a diva tantrum.
Yeah, a diva tantrum.
You know, I think Perez Hilton said that, too.
So there you go.
That's some of my rapid-fire news.
Star Sakura.
Well, let's move forward with all that other stuff, as soon as my computer catches up.
There we go.
They changed the date for the release of Scribblenauts in the UK.
They said it's actually going to be pushed out until October 9th instead of September
15th.
That sucks.
Well, we're getting it on September 15th.
I know, but I'm being epithetic for them.
Yeah.
Also, there is a Star Wars adventure game using the SCUMM engine, but it's actually
fan-made.
It's called Han Solo Adventures, and it's an adventure game studio game, so it gets
the old LucasArts-type game, but it's supposed to be based on the early life of Han Solo.
Han Solo.
The early years.
Taking Star Wars fanboy wank to a whole new level.
Mr. I Shot First.
And then, in other news, Tatsunoko vs. Capcom is getting four new characters, two of them
being Tatsunoko characters and two of them being Capcom characters, and it's being announced
at the 2009 Tokyo Game Show, so who knows?
Maybe we'll get a Joe from Gatchaman.
Phoenix Wright, please.
Prank Quest.
Prank Quest.
Come on.
That would be hilarious.
That would actually be a really good one for Western audiences, too, I think, v. Frank
West.
Yeah, I like that.
I love Tatsunoko vs. Capcom, except the end boss is a bitch.
What if we're getting Kaze?
Who knows?
Or Puzzle Fighter Dan.
They could draw a bunch of red bricks.
All right, let's get back into some long discussions, we have a few topics we want to spend a little
more time on tonight.
All right, well, there's a rumor going around that EA is the one responsible for holding
back PS3 cross-game chat, and the reason being is that one of their older games, and people
are not exactly going to say which one, although I remember reading somewhere that they think
it's Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, apparently doesn't support custom soundtracks,
I guess, or something to that effect.
What was it?
Oh, it was one of the ones, I guess, that didn't use an in-game cross-media bar or something
like that, didn't support it, and because I don't know why a year-old Harry Potter game
would be a big game for them still, because of that game, they didn't want the other games
making that game look bad or something like that, so.
Yeah, but what's our source on this?
I mean, is this coming from a respectable-
It's from an insider, you know.
Are we talking the Ars Technica mole, who's usually pretty believable?
No, some other dude, I don't know.
It's some dude on a forum?
It's not some dude on a forum, but some, like, super, it's a guy, which has the worst screen
name ever, a guy called Super Secret.
See, do you see why I'm taking this with a grain of salt?
Yeah.
It's some dude on a forum.
I would have more respect for him if he was called Secret Squirrel.
Secret Squirrel.
I love Secret Squirrel.
Would that be your mole name if you were to spill trade secrets on a web forum, Secret
Squirrel?
I would be Secret Squirrel.
There you go.
Yeah, sj100matt in our chat room tonight asked, so I can't play Dragon Force while I play
Harry Potter.
Nope.
Yeah.
Doesn't sound like it.
Apparently, PS3 titles-
I don't understand why that would hold up voice chat, though.
So what?
You don't have to cross-media bar in an old-ass game.
It's basically, um, well, what it was is custom soundtracks is actually what was the problem
holding it back.
Apparently, PS3 titles have to be developed with, um, custom soundtrack support in order
to, I guess, utilize voice chat, and apparently that was one of the titles that was before
all the whole custom soundtrack thing.
But who gives a- ah.
Whatever, you know.
I mean, so you can't chat back and forth.
Boohoo.
Well, it is something the Xbox has that, you know, the PS3 doesn't have, but I also just
don't like to talk to people while I'm trying to play other games.
Like, if we're playing a game together, yeah, of course I like to talk to people.
Like, 1 vs. 100?
Yeah, you have to do party chat in those games.
It's way more fun.
But, uh, you know, I don't- if somebody else is playing- or if- especially if I'm trying
to focus on a first-person game, like, I don't wanna- like, messages are bad enough.
I don't wanna talk to people.
Really?
Are people gonna wanna talk to each other while playing Harry Potter and the Order of
the Phoenix?
Yeah.
Because otherwise I'm playing this year-old Harry Potter game.
Which, by the way, if I ever ignore messages that you guys are sending me, don't take it
personally, but I'm probably just, like, in the middle of a game and I don't really wanna
stop and check messages, you know?
Or in the middle of a cutscene or something, you know?
People sending me invites to play random games that I don't own.
I used to get that a lot on 360.
I think people finally figured out I don't own some of those games, but-
I don't own Gears of War 2.
Interesting.
Alright, well, hey, um, another topic I wanna get into here is talking about the game DJ
Max Technica.
Yes, this game is continuing its little testing.
Apparently there's one here at Rosewood Golf Line.
We have a machine here locally.
I've not been out to play it yet.
But apparently there is a location test happening in the UK now.
It's at Hollywood Bowl Finchley, and that's in Finchley, part of London.
And so if you know where the Hollywood Bowl is at, you can check out a DJ Max Technica
machine if that's-
And report on it!
Yes.
But apparently, the other interesting thing, there's actually a test going on at a Walmart
right now in Santa Clarita.
Is happening at a Walmart Supercenter store.
Apparently, and this is why I wanted to bring this up, is it's not, you know, DJ Max has
been location testing for quite some time.
I don't think that's really news, but I think what is news about this is the fact that it's
happening at a Walmart of all places, and this is being reported by MomaniStyle.com
who really keeps tabs on what's going on with these music-based games.
But what's interesting about this is that apparently they're trying to actually kind
of move into the arcade business at Walmart.
And rumor is going around that if these tests work, that they're expanding some of these
arcades in certain locations, that many of the Walmarts everywhere are gonna see more
floor space dedicated to a dedicated arcade.
So I guess the big, was it the Cabela's Game Hunter games, and you know, the Deer Hunters
and all that?
They're not bringing as much money in as they were before?
Hey, we did have Jumbo Safari at Walmart for a long time.
I don't know.
I do see Walmarts, you know, their arcades and stuff, and I think all it really takes
is just replacing the games they have with some better games.
Well, and that's the other thing, is that I think most Walmarts already have like a
little arcade, but not all of them.
I've been to Walmarts that don't have them.
The one near my house doesn't.
Yeah, some don't have any arcade games whatsoever.
So imagine if this was something that would be mandated as part of a Walmart.
Like, for example, those Super Centers have a lot of stuff in them.
You know, the Vision Centers, the Nails, the Nail Place, the McDonalds, I think they cut
your hair in them too.
Imagine if they had a section for arcade, and it actually makes a lot of sense, drop
the kids off there while you do your shopping, it'll make a lot of sense.
Definitely, and I remember back in the day when they had arcade games, regardless of
the stores, I remember we used to have like a, was it a Food Max or like a big warehouse
food store that had a Neo Geo, you know, multi-game system in there, and I used to love playing
like Magician's Lord and stuff like that.
It was awesome.
I had that game in the vault.
So, you know, I'm all for more places having arcade games.
Hell, there's even 7-Elevens I see now that do not have an arcade game in them.
What the hell?
That is just blasphemy right there.
Lots of 7-Elevens don't have arcade games anymore.
I know, what the hell?
That was where I used to play Mortal Kombat 2.
But it wasn't a 7-Eleven, it was a knockoff.
It was like called QuickMart.
It was a little place in the town I grew up.
Street Fighter 2.
They actually had Mortal Kombat 2, and it was huge when it first came out, like they
had it.
It was awesome.
Street Fighter 2, and I remember there was a local diner that had Captain Commando.
Oh, we used to play that all the time.
Wouldn't that be weird though if arcades make a comeback thanks to Walmart?
Although I don't think it would be the same type of arcade.
Like if it is a babysitting place at Walmart, this is an arcade I want to stay the hell
away from.
It's going to be weird if they have stuff like DJ Max Technica and like the cool new
games people want to play.
Well maybe the whole DJ Max Technica testing at Walmart is to test its durability.
That is going to be a big resource because you have to bring in people to fix those machines.
But then again, something huge like Walmart, you could have a dude that just goes around
all the different Walmarts in the area and fixes all the arcade machines.
You know, and I'm sure the machines would make decent money.
And then he'd shoot himself at the end of the week.
You don't have to have the most top of the line games, I'm sure, at a Walmart arcade
to be able to make some money.
Well, they don't.
I mean, obviously these Deer Hunter games are making some money.
I've seen a dude playing those games.
Dude, I played one once.
I remember there was a Walmart near here that had a DDR solo machine in it.
It was like, what the fuck?
Yeah, I remember that.
What the hell?
All right, so Walmart might possibly be the next resurgence of arcade gaming.
And I'm not sure how I feel about that, but to be continued.
Makes me feel kind of dirty.
Kind of dirty.
I think that's a good word for it.
A little dirty.
Well, luckily you can get bath soap and all sorts of things to clean yourself off with
at Walmart in the bathing aisle.
So anyway, moving on with more gaming news.
Sonic and Knuckles is supposed to be coming to Xbox Live Arcade, which I think is pretty
epic.
On top of that, it will have the card stacking deal.
So on September 9th, we can look forward to this.
You just have to have the original games on the Xbox Live Arcade for that to work.
With Sonic the Hedgehog, you get the Blue Sphere chaos level.
Then with Sonic 2, you'll be able to play as Knuckles.
And then, of course, you know how it worked with Sonic 3.
So that's pretty cool.
Wait, so if I have those other games on Xbox Live, I get that?
Or does this all come free with Sonic and Knuckles?
It comes free with Sonic and Knuckles, the add-on capability.
If you had the cartridges, it'd work the same way.
But do I have to have the other games downloaded, you think?
You do have to have Sonic 2 to be able to play Knuckles in Sonic 2.
It's just like owning the cartridges.
Got it.
This is different, this is in cartridges now, so I was just kind of wondering if they were
coming with the download or what have you.
That's all in GameTap anyway.
If I play those games, it's usually where I go to play it.
I don't know.
I'm not really interested in purchasing those games, especially since you can just buy the...
Yeah, I have the Mega Collection, which I don't know if it has Sonic and Knuckles on
it, I can't remember.
Probably not.
I think it has Sonic and Knuckles, but I don't think it has the add-ons, like this does.
But I have a feeling this wouldn't work with the Genesis Mega Collection.
I just have a feeling it would not.
They want you to buy the other games, or buy them again.
So speaking of companies holding back other companies for doing things, I don't know if
we touched on this last week about Final Fantasy XIV and the reason why it's not coming to
the Xbox 360.
Well apparently Microsoft was holding them back from putting an MMO on there.
Well apparently the same thing is now happening with Champions Online.
Apparently it's just Microsoft doesn't have the framework built in place, or they're just
not willing to conform to what they're looking for.
Um, Final Fantasy XI?
I know they do, but XI's a little different I think.
But for whatever reason- Well XI had that whole Play Online front-end,
but it was a little awkward on the Xbox 360.
Well I guess it was no different from PlayStation 2.
They actually function very similar.
You have to just log in through the Play Online front-end first, and the same thing on the
PC, and then you can get into the game, but it was always kind of a little weird.
Yeah I guess because Final Fantasy XI was the exception to the rule I guess, but apparently
there's something that they're doing, some sort of red tape, that's holding up a bunch
of different games from being on there.
Do you think this could be a bad misstep by Microsoft, because PlayStation 3 is going
to be getting some MMOs, right?
I think so.
They have the DC Universe coming out, we know that.
I think the one DC Universe and the Agency and stuff like that starts coming out on the
PS3 that might put a little bit more pressure on them to get their act together.
I am kind of surprised that we haven't really seen a lot of MMOs on 360.
There's supposed to be that Marvel one that kind of fell through, so I don't know.
But yet they have Final Fantasy XI, but I guess I don't know if that front-end makes
the difference or what.
Because I heard Final Fantasy XIV does not have Play Online.
They're doing away with that whole thing, which is good.
Play Online was crap.
It was interesting at first, but the thing is that it really served no purpose unless
you also played Tetra Master, which very, very, very, very, very few people did.
Play Online was originally supposed to be a front-end for all these other Squeenix games,
but nothing else ever came out but Final Fantasy XI.
I think in Japan there might have been one or two others, but there really was nothing
anywhere else, and it made it kind of pointless.
That would be kind of cool if they still used Play Online to be able to connect to Final
Fantasy XIV on the 360, so say I bought Final Fantasy XI, I don't have to update anything
because it's still the Play Online viewer or whatever.
You wouldn't have it on one console and not have it on the other unless the players were
independent of each other, which I don't think is going to happen.
I can't see them going that direction.
SSJ100Matt in our chat room says, Play Online was a waste of space on my hard drive.
It was pretty good.
You couldn't really delete it, you know?
Yeah, you had to go through the uninstall.
You had to put back in the disk just to uninstall the game, and if you tried to delete it, it
would kind of screw things up.
It was just a nuisance.
It was a pure and utter nuisance to deal with.
Hopefully they're going to be smarter about it with Final Fantasy XIV, which it sounds
like they're going to do, so hey, cool.
In theory, right?
Yeah.
Well, kind of something interesting came to light this week about the new Rock Band Unplugged
demo that's out there and available right now.
Apparently though, the PSP Go is coming with a voucher that you get an exclusive demo of
Rock Band Unplugged for the PSP Go, so when you get your PSP Go, you get to download this
demo for Rock Band Unplugged, but the thing about this demo, it will also play downloads
from the Rock Band Unplugged store, so the demo comes with five songs, but if you don't
really want to buy the game, you don't have to.
You can just buy the additional songs you want to play and add those to your game, and
just continue to play Rock Band Unplugged that way.
So are they trying to do that to, see, I don't really get that.
That seems in the long run, wouldn't they end up losing some money on it?
No.
Well, but they gain the money from the song downloads, so it's weird.
It's just weird.
You know, you haven't really heard of a game distributed like that.
Because the song downloads, I mean, later on if you decide to buy the game, it'll still
work with the full game too.
Yeah.
I mean, really, the only asset then of getting the full game is getting the 40 whatever songs
that come with the game.
Because apparently the engine itself is going to download all onto your PSP Go.
Interesting.
That is very interesting.
I'm kind of curious to see how that plays out.
I wonder if we're going to see more demos like that in the future, where essentially
all the sales are going to be based off of microtransactions, right?
Yeah.
So.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Well, we're going to take a little break here to get to the mailbag at mailbagatorangelawntrader.com.
Every week you guys send us emails and we talk about them here on the program.
The lovely Dark Sakura jumps into the mailbag and pulls out a few of her favorite emails
and reads them here live on air.
Dark Sakura, what do we have in the mailbag this week?
We have one from Loomis that says, prayer and thoughts to the OLR crew.
I've been watching the news lately regarding the fires in California and hope y'all aren't
affected.
We've been getting a little smoky air, but we're far enough north that all it does is
fuck with our weather.
Yeah.
We are totally far away from where all that is going on.
We're in the Sacramento region and most of the fires unfortunately are happening in Southern
California.
It's about seven hours away from us.
Yeah.
So most of it's far away.
So thanks for thinking of us.
If you really want to do something though, I know the Red Cross is always looking for
donations and things like that, and during these times they really need that stuff.
So think about it.
Well, next up comes from Rini.
Greetings and salutations to the crew, but for once I'd like to extend my admirations
to Dark Sakura for choosing motherfucking Silphied as the classic game of the week on
episode 335.
I bought that game completely out of randomness for an amazing $10 new, but that's not the
point of this email.
While not everyone out there will run out to play Silphied, I would like to share a
bizarre yet awesome experience with the game.
I had just started another session of the game.
Around the second stage or so, the game crashed.
The game screen completely went to a dark screen with white text, and it caught me off
guard since Silphied never did that before.
I didn't bump my Sega CDX, yes the rareportable one, ah windows, nor was there anything within
the vicinity to jolt my console, the game just suddenly glitched itself for no reason.
The interesting thing about this whole event is what was on screen.
Pyramid Head brandishing its cleaver, kidding.
What was on the screen was an apology, that's right, the game apologized.
What makes it even better is that the game was not only able to recover and head back
to the title screen, but it also shot off a free continue so I wouldn't lose my progress.
Sadly, I've never been able to replicate this, nor do I believe there is a documented instance
over the internet, so I guess it's a sad little cherished memory for me to have and love alone.
OLR Crew, have you had any experiences with unusual game behavior that stood out for you?
Just pushing, having to reset the Genesis in that X-Men game.
Outside of the Red Rings of Death, I would say maybe funny Engrish in games is always
a little bit of an experience, but I can't think of anything quite on the caliber of
what you're saying, that's a pretty neat little story about the game apologizing, I've never
heard of that.
I'm gonna have to fuck around with mine then, I'm gonna have to actually see if there's
anything about that online anywhere, there might be, who knows.
I've always thought that the game should apologize for me playing it, well not Silphie, but maybe
like Driver 3 or something like that.
Sorry that we made this game, I know it sucks, but hey.
We got apologized to by Blockbuster after renting a game that we brought back an hour
later.
We rented WCW Thunder, and it was so bad, we called Blockbuster and asked them if we
could take it back and they said they were sorry.
They let us get another game because it sucked that bad.
That sucks to have to apologize for something they really didn't do though, you know Blockbuster
is just the, I understand that that's just good customer service to let you bring the
game back and get a new one, but they shouldn't have to apologize for it, they didn't make
the game.
But I know that's good customer service and blah blah blah.
Well moving forward, from Shook, hello OLR, first off I want to say there was a typo in
my last letter, I meant to say that the K in my name is pronounced as if it were lowercase,
not silent.
So Shook will suffice from now on.
Now on to other things, my bigot dad, you have my permission to call him whatever nasty
name you want, finally discovered that I had Final Fantasy X when he saw me in the middle
of a battle.
Without a word, he ejected the disc, put it in its case, and put it in his safe keep.
What a bummer.
Luckily, he didn't find Chrono Trigger, which is a very good thing because I think, no because
I will guard that game with my life, no joke, I truly have stumbled upon the best thing
I've ever played.
And yes DarkSakura, I did do the ending where you beat it at the beginning, it was awesome.
Proceed to bag on my dad.
Now that that's over, I have a suggestion-
We'll come back at the end of the email, I do want to bag on your dad, but we'll come
back to that in a little while.
I have a suggestion for the Wii inflatable chair, I bet that there's going to be some
kind of fetish porn game that involves that inflatable chair so it's not completely bad.
PS, can't wait to join the OLR home club, my PSN username is MGS654, don't ask.
Your dad needs to-
Hold on a minute, I'm trying to kind of cue something up here because I-
The Tribble has a comment.
That was one angry Tribble.
That was a very angry Tribble.
Hold on, Shook, Shookadook, Shookadook, I want you to actually go get your father.
Will you please go get your father and put him on because I actually want to kind of
say something.
No, because then we want him to not be able to listen to the show.
But I don't care, I want to say something to this guy because this is-
I want him to be able to keep listening to the show.
I do, but obviously he's already listening to the show and apparently the dad doesn't
know about it, so you know, I don't think he'll know about it.
And he'll get in trouble for what you do, it sounds like that kind of person.
All I have to say, okay whether you want to replay this or not, I don't care, all I have
to say is that he should be thankful that you want to spend your time playing something
that takes intelligence, strategy, wit to play and conquer and it's a story.
You know, it's no worse than watching a movie or a miniseries and-
That his dad doesn't let him watch fantasy movies.
It's not going to make you gay, okay, for playing these games or what have you.
Heaven forbid you use your brain.
You know what, your dad should be thankful that he has a kid that would rather stay at
home and play a game like Final Fantasy X than go out and kill people and shoot guns
and rob stores and do drugs and have premarital sex without protection.
For the record it's okay to shoot guns as long as you have a supervised adult.
You know what I mean though, at least he should be thankful that you're not into gangs or
any of this stuff.
Because if he keeps trying to take this stuff away, that's how kids sometimes get involved
in this, is when they rebel, they rebel hard.
You sound smart enough where that's not going to happen, but your dad should be freaking
counting his blessings, that's all I have to say.
I can say I can vouch for that from experience.
Also one from Death Wishing, Rob, there is a Marvel vs Capcom 2 cabinet down the street
from me in a pizza shop.
I really want to use it because, well, they are rare, right?
They are?
I would totally steal that if stealing was legal, but man, none of my friends will join
me because they think fighting games are gay.
I don't care for that terminology.
Do you know a good fighting game that could turn them onto the genre?
P.S.
Don't say Street Fighter or they hate it.
Love Death Wishing.
Um, no.
I can't think of a game, honestly, Street Fighter 2 is like the pinnacle of fighting
games.
If they don't like that, there is nothing you can do.
There is just, there is no fighting game that's going to work.
I mean, you could try cutesy fighting games, but if Marvel vs Capcom 2 is too gay, then
sorry, but the other games are going to be even worse.
Mortal Kombat maybe.
You should all make them play, um, what was that awful fighting game, um, with the, it
was really, Pit Fighter, make them play Pit Fighter.
I have better, Pit Fighter is like the worst fighting game I've ever played in my life.
Here's, here's my suggestion, get new friends.
That's my suggestion.
Another email, oh god, this is long.
Hello to Darksacrosky and Loki, thank you for discussing and reading my tweet on the
last show.
I'm really passionate about Extra Life and what we gamers can do to make a difference,
so I'm glad you brought it up during the show.
Let me tell you a little bit about Extra Life.
Extra Life was started by the folks at sarcasticgamer.com and its founder is Doc Adams.
He has done some previous work with fundraisers before, but this has become something important
to him.
You can read about his inspiration, um, well the link doesn't work.
Um, as for my inspiration, I recently put up a story on Sarcastic Gamer pointing out
why I've become involved.
I'm going to read this.
The reason I've brought it up to OLR is that you guys have quite a great community.
I've been listening to this show since it became a podcast a long, long time ago and
I've since become a huge fan.
I know, I now listen to you guys on my iPhone on my drive to work or out on my morning runs.
I was happy you got to be part of all games years ago since I listened to Scott and AGI
way back in the day.
I never really was part of your forums or anything, but I always loved listening to
the show.
For Extra Life you can sign up through the main page at extralife.sarcasticgamer.com
and click on the sign up button.
It will take you to Texas Children's Hospital website and you can put up a donation page
there.
This will be a personal donation.
Wait, but this is something we do, not the listeners, right?
Yeah, unless listeners want to be.
Oh, like because we have a lot of people that have kind of their own things too, so okay,
that makes sense.
Yeah, I want to make sure that people, that people do know about this.
Um, and this will be a personal donation page that you can edit and change up quite a bit,
but more importantly you can send out the link to anyone so they can give you online
donations through the site.
You can also use PayPal for overseas donations as well.
Now from there you can also create a team so other participants can join with you.
Anyone else in your community can sign up and join your team as well.
We should totally do that.
It takes an aggregate total of those that join your team and you can see how much the
OLR team raises overall.
Oh, so don't, so then don't go make your own page.
Let us do it, which we were going to do in the next week here and then we'll tell you
guys what our little link is so we can all race together.
That would be fun.
You can even see how much each team member raises as well.
That is if you go there right now.
What it is is other people can make their own donation pages, but we can band them together
as a team.
Okay.
And it keeps an aggregate amount.
We'll have to go in there and kind of play with it and see what it looks like.
He put up his donation page, um, which, uh, is ways to give dot Texas children's dot org
slash net community slash Alan Ray, A-L-L-E-N-R-E-Y.
So if anyone wants to take a look at it.
As for the gamer day myself, um, itself, you can do whatever you want.
A lot of people will be videotaping and live streaming their gamer activities.
So if you, uh, guys and gals want to do it, it'll be cool.
I like your theme of obscure fucking vault games.
Ha ha ha.
It would be awesome.
Also, you would probably want to try having the marathon going and maybe broadcast and
record your podcast live that day.
We should totally do that.
It'll be a different show with the gaming marathon going on as well, but it might spice
things up.
We've done that at Bimani attorneys before.
Yeah.
I don't know how that's going to work because now I'm starting to think of the technical
aspect of it all.
That's going to be hard, but I think what's going to happen, I think we're going to have
more than just the three of us doing this.
We're going to get some other folks involved.
I imagine Dan's got to be involved one way or another somehow hopefully sign up and we'll
figure it, we'll figure it out, but we are doing it.
We just, we, we talked before the show tonight and we're going to make the commitment to
do it.
Um, so more details coming on that in the future.
So that's all going to go down October 17th.
And I, I don't know if any of the other all games folks are getting in on it because if
they're not, I would love to see what we can do with the stream that day.
But I think, is that a Saturday?
I think under station live is on Saturday and there might be some other shows, so we
might not be able to take over the all game stream all day, but we'll see what we can
do.
We're, we'll at least have some type of Ustream or Justin TV page that day.
Um, to continue, what do you think sounds fun, right?
Yeah, actually, yeah, it does.
Just think of it this way.
This will be the most fun thing you do to raise money for any charity.
Some people train for marathons like me, or ride a bike across the US.
You'll put out way, you'll put out way too many calories and at some point it's going
to hurt.
Take it from me, I hurt my knee training for my marathon.
You will never have more fun raising money and you just have to pick up a game controller.
We would love to have you added to the list of gamer sites participating.
I also hope you can reach out to other shows on the all games network like VGO and Bobby
Black Wolf and his shows.
Anyways, thank you for mentioning Extra Life and I hope to hear some good news from you
all soon.
If you have any suggestions, I'm not going to share his Twitter on the thing.
Thank you for your time.
And that's from Alan.
Yeah, I'm, we're going to do it.
Um, we'll, that's all going to go down October 17th.
We'll, uh, yeah, we'll have something posted on our website this week as soon as we get
everything set up with more details.
Um, I just from a technical aspect, I'm starting to feel a little overwhelmed with how we're
going to make it work because we want to do, we want to do an hour of pinball incorporated
in this as well.
So hopefully Rob, my best, my best advice in this, don't waste time overthinking it.
It'll be easy.
Yeah.
We'll figure it out.
We'll figure it out.
We have more than one video camera.
We know that Loki has the video capture card and we have a switch box camera.
We can borrow, hopefully maybe Victoria will lend us hers.
That's my camera.
She just always uses it.
Yeah.
Well then we'll, we've got them and we can post photos and we can do like a splash page
or something.
It's, it's Rob.
It's not hard.
I know.
I'll figure it out.
We can put up a, I just wanted to go off without a hitch.
I want it to be perfect for the children.
Rob.
What?
We can put up a, um, uh, Oh crap.
What is it?
The CCS page.
I think the way it's going to work though, we're going to do games from the vault for
one hour basically.
And I don't know how we're going to pick them.
I don't know if we'll, if we'll have folks donate, but I don't know if there's any way
to kind of show like so and so donated money.
So they pick the next game.
I don't know what we're going to do, but we'll figure something out.
Whoever donates the most money during one game gets to pick the next game.
Yeah.
Maybe we'll do something like that.
We're going to have to have a list of games or get to pick a system.
Yeah.
We'll, we'll figure something out.
We'll work out the details over the next few weeks.
Yeah.
Although what I see happening is us having the newer systems hooked up in the front room
and the older systems hooked up in the vault.
We will have dreamcast age.
All right.
Testify.
So when we need to get some more of our local friends involved, so we'll put out the call
this week.
Get off your asses.
All right.
Last email from Rabababa.
In reference to the August 16th podcast, my first PS2 was broken from the start, but in
a very odd way that took me two years to notice.
In retrospect, I should have kept the old one for the novelty of it all.
It played all the games fine, oddly enough, and it never physically failed.
There's something wrong with the processor clock or math processing.
I'd play a round of Ridge Racer 5, watch the playback, and it would get out of sync
with the playback about 20 or 30 seconds in.
The car was still maneuvering around the proper order, but being out of sync caused it to
repeatedly crash into the walls.
I honestly thought this was a software problem with Ridge Racer 5 because it looked like
a software problem.
And finally we got Gran Turismo 3 A-Spec in the US.
The replay effect was really bad in GT3.
I finally realized it was my hardware.
That was the strangest hardware problem in a game system ever.
But massive hardware failures frequently covered under unofficial extended warranties for me
starting with the original Game Boy.
My first two or three Game Boys had the dead slash solid pixel raster problem, and Nintendo
happily repaired slash replaced for free.
I'm not certain, but I believe it was because the Game Boy was not rugged enough for typical
portable play, i.e. carrying around.
I also needed direct sunlight to play, but that was a different issue.
You know, remember the PSP had the problem with the dead pixels in the corner?
It was that.
So massive hardware failures have been around at least 20 years, but like
you said, Flaming Forums wasn't a big sport back then.
Later Rubba Bubba.
That's it.
I'm glad that he's just signing it Rubba Bubba.
Adopting his title.
There you go.
And for the record?
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com if you have some emails you want to send in.
But we want to take a minute to get our angst on here in studio because, well, you know,
sometimes we just read things on the internet that really tick us off, and when they do
make us very upset, we have to do a little segment here that we like to call the FUs
of the Week.
And let me read a little bit of inspiration for our FUs of the Week this week, and this
comes from a GameStop apparently in Jacksonville, Florida.
Apparently somebody tried to rob this GameStop, but it wasn't for money.
No, he wanted the employee to fill the bag with games, copies of Madden NFL 10.
The robber went into a GameStop on a Monday night, unfortunately the guy's not named otherwise
we named him by name, was pretending he wanted a 360, but then whipped out a gun and demanded
copies for Madden NFL 10 and any other 360 games that would fit in the bag.
Apparently he made off with 23 games, $1,300 is what that's valued at, two 360s as well.
Yikes.
FU.
My FU goes to, it's sort of a pseudo-FU just because I'm kind of happy about it at the
same time, to 250th Anniversary Guinness, FU to being delicious, because I want to go
back and drink more of you.
A lot more of you.
It was very, very freaking good.
That's it.
FU to having to go to work tomorrow.
It sucks.
Well I just don't want to go to work.
I like the weekends.
My FU goes to people that can't see the faults in themselves and like to blame other people
for things that they did, that think they can do no wrong, and some folks need to learn
to accept responsibility, and yeah, need to learn how to take a break.
That's it.
Let's move on to some more gaming news.
Just a couple more and then we're going to get to your calls on the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
While there's something kind of, I don't know if it's really super interesting, but it made
it into the gaming Guinness Book of World Records, which having thumbed through the
Guinness Book of World Records for games, pretty much anything can make it in there,
but Arkham Asylum has now set the record for being the most critically acclaimed superhero
game ever.
So what's that mean?
It was a superhero game that didn't suck.
But I mean really, like, what superhero games have been that awesome?
I mean, did they say what it took the- Marvel Ultimate Alliance is pretty damn awesome.
Well, they're basically saying that it's gotten the highest Metacritic review average, I guess,
among all the superhero games, but that's just like, that's almost as bad as saying
it's the most critically acclaimed superhero game starring Batman that's ever appeared
on the consoles.
Who cares?
Why is that a record?
That's not a record.
That's just people's opinions.
It's not like, you know, it's- I'm sorry, but like this game book is just really kind
of watering down all the other records.
Like, okay, being the tallest person, I mean, yeah, that's not really much of an achievement,
that's just your DNA, but still, that's a physical, you know, achievement that you have
there.
I mean, you're that tall.
You know, this is just subjective stuff, like if, you know, if we all wanted to get together
with all the reviewers and make a game, you know, the highest rated game ever, they could
easily do that and rig it.
I mean, it's just, it is a little weird that Metacritic is being used by Guinness.
That's just weird.
I don't know if I like that.
And this is just an odd title.
Doesn't this reek of like, hi, we're going to pay these guys a lot of money to get this
title so we can use it in our marketing?
I mean, I don't know.
You want to hear something that I just thought of just now that's kind of a little fishy?
Batman Arkham Asylum was published by Eidos, which is owned by Warner games.
Warner games also published a game called Guinness Book of World Records, the game.
Gee, don't have close ties with them, do they?
Conflict of interest?
Never.
Yes, exactly.
I didn't even think of that.
That's a good little comparison.
I just thought of that.
So yeah.
Well, one more story for you guys tonight, and then we're going to get to the Skype line,
your phone calls, and your opinions on the latest and greatest in gaming news.
And what you're going to hear in the background here, oh yes, you know that old classic song.
This is a Guitar Hero 5 ad.
This is a new one that's airing on TV.
And it features Playboy bunnies, yes, 10 of them, all rocking out to Guitar Hero wearing
no pants.
It's like the risky business.
Oh yeah, it's kind of like the ads, and then there's half variety.
83 bands, all kinds of rock, buy in September and get the unreleased Guitar Hero Van Halen
on the house.
And that was the thing that caught my eye about the ad is that they're selling that
whole Guitar Hero Van Halen thing on the house.
Not free.
Well, it does say, look at the little red text at the bottom of the screen though.
It just says, buy one, get one, but it doesn't say free.
Can't say free because it'll get sued.
Very interesting.
That's a very interesting way around it.
But yeah, I thought that was interesting.
They're working that whole Van Halen giveaway into it, and you know, whatever, the half
thing.
That's funny.
Dude, it's half.
He's a cultural icon.
It's pretty cool.
They got everybody involved.
But really, they really do need to come up with a new ad for the whole Guitar Hero thing.
I don't know.
I think there'd be plenty of guys that would argue with you that they could do 10 Playboy
playmates running around without pants on all day long and they'll never get old.
Next time, a trampoline though.
How about that?
We need trampoline hero to come out just for that little ad to come out.
Only if we get pantsless rage.
Of course, I'm sure there are some ladies that would like to see maybe some guys mixed
in with no pants on.
I don't know.
Dark Sakura.
I have no problem with that.
All right.
There you go.
So maybe they need to just have no pants day in honor of Guitar Hero.
I don't know how that works, but the marketing folks at Activision should get right on that.
I am totally down with that.
Hey, we're going to open up the Skype line right now.
1-877-GAME-OLR is the number to call or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if
you want to give us a call.
It seems like the show is kind of a little short tonight, but there just hasn't been
a whole lot of gaming news this week.
It's been a little bit slow and I think it's probably one of the whole fact that a lot
of folks are going back to school right now.
And so we're kind of just like a little bit of lull before we're going to get slammed
with game releases.
Well, also, they're trying to kind of keep it quiet as far as news goes because we just
had Gamescom and Blizzcon and now they have to save up some announcements for, you know,
PAX.
Makes sense.
Yeah.
That's true.
I guess we are kind of in a lull because probably all the secrets that are yet to be announced
are going to be coming through on PAX pretty soon.
Hey, let's go to the phones.
We have a call.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Ray Iyanami.
Hi, Ray Iyanami.
What's on your mind?
Yo.
Hi, I guess DJ Maxx told you a few weeks ago, I don't know if I should talk about it since
the game's like eight months old.
Eh, so what?
So it's a little old.
Sometimes we like to look at the games past and things that might be in the bargain bin
at this point.
What's up?
Under the radar?
Yeah.
Anyways, so DJ Maxx Trilogy is kind of like the old DJ Maxx Online or kind of like O2
Jammery.
It's kind of like being a maniac, but instead of using a proprietary controller, you use
the PC keyboard.
And there's a bunch of button modes in it, but there's one thing I really don't like
about it that the other new DJ Maxx games have, and it's a feature called Autocorrect.
Now what, so this is an online game that you can download, kind of like O2 Jam you said?
No, actually it's, you have to buy the physical copies and then you have to install it from
the DVD raw inside, but once you get it set up you don't need to get it anymore.
And it's offline, but there's an online mode.
Is this something that you can only import, or is this available in the US?
It's import only, but it has an English language option, though it's really crappy English.
But enough to get you through the game.
Yeah, pretty much.
What do you think would attract music game fans to this game?
What makes this game good enough to check out for music game fans?
Oh, I can get to that later, because, but anyways, I don't know, I think just the fact
that like, DJ Maxx online has been dead for two years now, so this kind of gives you a
chance to play a ribbon game that isn't set on the PC again.
And there's a feature I wanted to rant about in this game.
What's this feature?
I'm Autocorrect, where basically you can hit the wrong node, but at the right time you'll
still get credit for it.
Like, I suppose it hit the J key, but if it hit K, you'll still get the full judgment
score for it.
Well, not really the score, you still get 100%, but you have a little bit of a score
penalty, but for me, that's better enough to be okay with the feature.
That seems kind of easy, like what's to stop somebody from hitting the key the same the
whole time, just because your score will be a little bit lower in the end?
Yeah, but a lot of people have songs that you normally would not be able to pass up
this feature.
I mean, even guitar hero and rock band don't have this feature.
I just unlocked a new key mode, and I'm trying to learn it, but when you have this feature
turned on, it makes it confusing to learn, because I don't know if I'm hitting the correct
keys or not.
Hey, I'd rather be penalized for hitting the wrong key, because at least I know that'll
treat me to hit the right key, instead of just guessing which keys I'm hitting incorrectly.
Okay, well I guess it sounds like a feature that can maybe help make the game more accessible
to some.
Alright, well do you have any other thoughts for us?
No, not really.
Alright, we're going to go ahead and let you go, but have a good one buddy, alright?
We'll talk to you later.
Alright, see ya.
Later.
Alright, so, 1877 Game OLR, username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us
a call on this lovely Sunday evening.
Do we have any last minute stories while we're waiting for calls?
I don't think we have a lot tonight, we kind of covered everything, didn't we?
Apparently there is some sort of deal going on with Best Buy that they're offering, buy
one get one half off for 360 games.
Hmm, let me get a, we have another call, we can come back to this in a minute.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hi, this is President Nader.
Hi, President Nader, what's on your mind tonight?
Yeah, couple things, first off, I just got off of WhatUp.com and I saw a story on there
that I think you may be interested in.
Go ahead, shoot.
I just sent a picture to your profile for you to check it out later on.
What is this?
Apparently there's coming, there's going to be a new Xbox 360 bundle coming out soon and
according to this picture they're calling it the Super Elite.
Is this the 250 gigabyte system we talked about earlier in part A?
Actually, I'm not sure what you talked about in part A, I missed a little bit of the show,
so I just happened to see this on OneUp.com, so I thought I'd mention it.
Well, what are your, well, assuming it's the same deal, what are your thoughts on it?
Is this something that's necessary for Microsoft to do or do you think this is just more, yet
another skew out there in the marketplace to confuse me?
I'd say, I don't know, it's kind of a toss up, if you don't already have a 360 or your
360 is basically dead then maybe, yeah, you could use it, otherwise, no.
You may be able to make use of the hard drive.
What exactly, and I kind of pointed this on the PlayStation 3 too, we keep hearing bigger
hard drives, bigger hard drives, bigger hard drives, but on both the 360 and the PS3, for
what?
What do we need these huge hard drives for?
Well, at least for, with the bulk of systems, they're constantly coming out with arcade
games and, you know, assuming that you buy a lot of the arcade games for your system
or playing a game like a lot of TV shows or at least on the PlayStation 3 buying the movies,
then you're talking to them now.
That sounds more like it, room to buy more movies and spend more money on their store.
That I can agree with.
Anything else you have in mind tonight, Spazinator?
Yeah.
I don't know if you saw my response to your tweet about performing at the club, but yeah,
I'd be interested in joining your ORR club or should be on PSN for the rest of the evening.
You know, I'll probably get to those later this evening.
A lot of folks, I mean, I know your PSN name matches your Twitter, but a lot of folks asked
to be added and I don't think their PSN names match up to their Twitter, so I'm probably
going to put out another call this evening for folks, but we'll try to get folks added
this evening or at least tomorrow at the latest.
All right, well, thanks for your call, Spazinator.
Have a good one and we'll see you probably next week.
All right, have a good one.
Later.
1877 game OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call.
Loki, what was the rest of this?
Buy one, get one half off?
Apparently this week we will have the opportunity to get one game and, you know, another game
for half off at Best Buy and there's a bunch of different games that they're offering that
and so you just purchase one of the qualifying games and get another one for 50% off.
All right, let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Misty.
Misty?
It's Misty.
Hi.
Hello.
Hi.
Now, you are on the road to Cali right now, correct?
That's right.
I don't know exactly how far I have to go, but I'm somewhere outside of Salt Lake City
right now.
I'm so sorry.
I think you're about 15 hours away.
Well, let's see.
It's an hour and a half to Reno.
I think about another eight.
She's probably about, well, considering the bus has to stop everywhere.
Yeah.
But I think she's taking the Reno route.
Gotcha.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You got to go through Nevada, which is going to be very boring.
Well, how's the trip been so far?
Mostly boring, especially once I got out to the mountains, it's been like Illinois only
not left, in my opinion.
Are you occupying your time with any video games?
Did you bring a DS or a PSP, something to play?
Not because I broke this, but I am playing... I've got my netbook, so I'm playing random
like real arcade games on that.
You've got your what?
I'm sorry?
Netbook.
My netbook, that computer I took to ASEN.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Your little netbook.
Okay.
Cool.
Okay.
That works.
Yeah.
A little PC gaming on the way.
Yeah.
I remember that from ASEN.
Okay.
Very cool.
What kinds of stuff are you looking forward to seeing when you get here to Sacramento?
At the moment, the main thing is an actual Para Para Para because it's been so fucking
long since I've seen one.
Do we have a Para Para in town?
I hope to disappoint.
I've got one nearby.
There is one in an arcade close to Jamie's house.
Oh, that sunrise thing.
I haven't been to in forever.
I haven't been there either.
Yeah.
I know what she's talking about.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, I'm hoping we can make your trip fun.
You're a real trooper for taking the long way out here, but you know what?
I've driven cross country, and even though some parts are really boring, it's a beautiful
experience.
I think definitely enjoy the time on the way out here.
Definitely.
Definitely.
Well, we will be seeing you soon, Misty.
Take care.
Be safe, and don't talk to strangers.
I'll try and ask you.
All right.
Take care, Misty.
We'll see you tomorrow.
Hey, give me a text when you hit Reno.
I was planning on it.
Okay, cool.
All right.
It sounds like I'll be seeing you either tomorrow night or Tuesday for sure.
So take care.
Hopefully.
Hopefully tomorrow night compared to your unprotected six video.
We shall see.
I'm pretty sure we can make that happen.
All right.
Take care.
All right.
Later.
All right.
Bye.
You know what, Rob?
I think tomorrow night we should take Misty to Mungo Chow.
We can probably arrange that.
That might be fun.
Yeah.
All right.
All right.
Well, we're going to go ahead and close up the Skype line for tonight.
Sorry for those folks that didn't get through, but I don't think anyone should be too disappointed
seeing the names that were popping up.
It's all people that have been on every week.
So anyhow, but try again next week, guys, and especially sorry for the new folks that
can't get through.
Unfortunately, I used to be able to see who was calling in, and I tried to rotate it,
but Skype changed it so that you can't, like if multiple people are calling in, only the
fastest dialer gets through.
So we just kind of take the calls as they get in.
So if you're a new caller, my biggest advice to you is just keep trying or, you know, write
an email or a Twitter and do it that way if you haven't learned how to get fast on the
phones yet.
So.
All right.
Do we have any other last minute stories here tonight?
No.
Sonic Adventure DX is getting another remake, apparently.
Oh, goody.
This is coming from the Australian Classification Board, has a new listing for Sonic Adventure
DX Director's Cut and suggests that apparently it might be getting ported to new systems
and no word on what it, you know, which ones it's going to be ported to, but I don't know,
speculation's up in the air, but at least it's been classified, so it probably means
it's coming.
Oh, boy.
All right, well, I guess if that's it for last minute stories tonight, it's time to
go around and get everybody's final thought, because we're getting pretty close to wrapping
up the show tonight.
I know it was a little bit shorter tonight, but it's just been a slower week.
Dark Sakura, your final thought?
I wish I really lived in this house.
My Sim house.
New Sim house.
It's really awesome.
My final thought is coffee is awesome.
It is.
If I had more cream, I'd make you some more.
That's all right.
The cup I had earlier was delicious.
Thank you very much.
Loki, your final thought?
I wish they were still selling Blue Shark DDR pads, but they're not, so that's too bad.
All right.
Well, believe it or not, folks, that's going to do it for another week here at Orange Launch
Radio.
As always, thank you guys so much for downloading our show and tuning into us and supporting
it.
If you like what you hear, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word.
That's really how we succeed is through word of mouth, so that's what we really want is
just to help us spread the word, because we don't have big advertising dollars or a magazine
behind us or anything like that, so it really is up to you guys to help spread the word.
But we'll be here to do it all again next week on a, I guess you could say, Penny Arcade
edition of Orange Launch Radio, where we're hoping we'll at least hear from some of our
listeners making the trek out to Penny Arcade.
Sadly, we will not be there this year, but you guys will, and so we want to hear your
voices next week on Orange Launch Radio.
We'll see you next week at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern on All Games Radio.
Until then, I'm Rob Roberts.
She's DarkSakura, he's Loki, and we're out!
See you next week!
