Tonight, August 9th, 2009, Sony pulls advertising from one of their games.
Details are revealed on Final Fantasy XIV.
Could you soon get a new game for the price of a used one?
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio here on this lovely Sunday evening, August the 9th of 2009.
We're here to talk about video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with you guys.
And we're a little broken tonight.
I know we've been gone for a couple weeks, but boy, we're kind of borked on our return here.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I see.
Isn't that nice hair?
It's very pretty.
There you go.
And also joining us tonight, Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing well, I guess.
I know a lot of the listeners have been very concerned about you and everything that's been going on.
So anything you wanted to say to the listeners before we get started tonight?
I don't know.
I guess I could explain everything that happened.
I mean...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
Yeah, so basically, um, last Friday, yeah, uh, last Friday, uh, well actually, let me start, the week before that, um, the week before Friday, um, or before last Friday, so two Fridays ago, uh
Nellie had been getting what she thought were false labor pains.
Basically, during labor you get, or I should say during pregnancy, you get false labor pains.
They're called Braxton Hicks contractions.
Basically, kind of going through the whole contraction cycle.
They're not supposed to hurt.
They're basically, you feel a tightening and then that's it.
And you get them all throughout the entire pregnancy.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Everything was basically looked to be normal.
So we went home.
She was basically taking it easy, laying on the couch and stuff like that.
Monday, she went into her normal doctor because she had an appointment and she actually had her looked over again.
And once again, everything seemed fine.
So then, you know, Tuesday rolls around and she was getting a little bit more crampy and stuff, but she wasn't worried about it because, you know, she's going to the doctor on Wednesday.
So Wednesday she decided, you know, she was going to go into labor and delivery again to have her...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So she finally insisted, listen, give me an internal ultrasound, and I want you to make sure everything's correct, because you guys have been telling me everything's been fine.
So sure enough, they give her an internal ultrasound, and they realize that now, within the time frame of Friday to...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Wednesday, they call me down to the hospital, so I have to go down there.
And basically, she let me know what was going on, and we... They tried, basically, to reverse the process.
They gave her drugs to stop contractions, and they basically tilted her on a bed, you know, towards her head, to hopefully, you know, the sack would, you know, go back up into...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and Deliver the Baby.
And then they checked her again at about 5 in the morning to see if she was dilated enough, and they saw feet hanging out of her.
So they're like, well, looks like you're ready to go.
So they went ahead, delivered the first baby.
It came really quick, and my boy Michael was delivered first.
He had...
Died before he was delivered, basically, probably from all the trauma.
His sack had been broken for 15 hours, and he basically had to facilitate the entire labor process because he's being contracted on, and he was breached.
Just all that combined together.
He died before he got...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Her water basically broke and then Sarah was born right after that.
She was born alive.
Everything was okay with her.
But because it's only 21 weeks, she doesn't have any lungs yet.
Luckily, they're oxygenated really well in the womb in case the mother dies or something like that.
The babies can survive a little bit.
But because she has no lungs, she only lived for two hours.
So...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but I don't know it's just it's sad and you know wish it hadn't happened but it's not really much you can do that's why I'm here this week because you know everything's kind of getting back to normal and I don't know just gotta go on you know so yeah that's basically everything that happened and we you know took care of all the funeral because they are actually considered you know
Thanks for watching!
but you know we had them cremated sometime this week I think they're supposed to be doing but we went and took care of all that so we get their ashes back this coming week sometime and you know we got basically they took pictures and everything because I mean you don't have anything to take you know to remember them by basically so they take pictures to do footprints handprints
Measurments, all that stuff.
But yeah, they were 10 inches long and under a pound each.
14 ounces I think was the largest one.
But yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And I know that you've kind of said a lot, Loki, and kind of given everything, which might come as a surprise to folks who are ready to tune into a video game show, but I admire that you can be so kind of comfortable with everything that happened now that you can talk about it very professionally.
I don't know.
It's still kind of upsetting.
I mean, I'm a little upset right now, but it's just like...
It's not as bad as the first day.
Oh my god.
It was just... It was tiring.
The whole process was tiring.
You know, just got no sleep for like two days.
And just the emotional rollercoaster.
I mean, the first day you're like, okay, well, we may be able to reverse this, you know.
And it just means that you'll have to be on bed rest for the rest of the pregnancy.
We're like, okay, well, that sucks.
But, you know, hey, we can do that, you know.
And then...
No, there's nothing we can do.
And then one of the nurses comes in, hey, well maybe they can save one of the babies and deliver one and the other one will be saved.
Just keep the other one in or whatever.
You can't do that because, I mean...
Let's say, for example, the what-ifs, basically, if you were able to keep the other fetus in, even for like three weeks, which would make it a viable pregnancy, even though it's a viable pregnancy, does not mean that they're going to come out normal.
I mean, their lungs are not developed all the way, they're going to have developmental, mental issues.
You never know.
It's just, this was the easiest way, and thankfully, you know, the whole birthing process took like five minutes.
Once you gave birth to them, it was just done.
Super quick.
And everything came out because, you know, if the placentas didn't detach or whatever, they had to go and scrape that out, and just, it's just not fun.
So...
Yeah, I mean, and Brad PodCulture saying that I posted something on LiveJournal.
Yeah, I did.
Because the whole process, especially getting down to when we were waiting for her to give birth and stuff, I kept thinking of how I wanted to, I don't know, kind of get everything out.
And that was the way to do it.
I just kind of wrote a letter to them.
So.
We'll see you next time.
It was more that it wasn't necessarily our place to say anything.
Exactly.
I thought the letter obviously was very touching and some folks are saying they got a little teary-eyed reading it.
I guess the next thing to ask, and I apologize for continuing to drag this out, but I know it's probably good for you to talk about it and stuff.
I think the question a lot of people's minds may be too afraid to ask is, what next?
What do you do next now?
Well, now, the next... Obviously, we still won't have children.
You're not supposed to try right afterwards because there's a higher risk of preterm labor.
In fact, having preterm labor is a higher risk of preterm labor the next time.
So, basically, now...
And this is unfortunate.
The whole medical thing is it's like they want you to fail once and then they'll take everything seriously.
It's just they're not as cautious with the first pregnancy, I guess, or whatever.
I don't know.
Basically, we go in for a follow-up appointment, or she goes in for a follow-up on Tuesday to make sure she's okay, just healing and everything.
Later on, we'll meet with somebody on the high-risk clinic to see what we need to do.
She has her own theories of why it happened.
She thinks that her progesterone level has dropped because she has PCOS.
which basically her body interprets insulin as testosterone or something like that.
It throws off her hormone levels and that can also cause preterm labor.
And so she's thinking that maybe she needs to get progesterone doses or whatever to keep an eye on that.
The other thing they can do is the cerclage, which basically is sewing the cervix shut with a stitch.
They couldn't do that this time.
Thank you for watching!
and you know pretty much we'll try again next year at some point but just right now we have to give it at least six to nine months before we can try again you know just to you know be extremely cautious and even then
Hopefully this time what we're going to do is we're going to do one round of Clomid first.
Usually the first time Clomid, when we used it, it overstimulates her ovaries.
That's why we got twins.
But we're going to try one round of Clomid first and then not try an insemination at all.
And then another round of Clomid so we get one baby and not two.
Because one baby is a lot easier to do than two.
Okay.
This question might sound kind of weird, but this is kind of the last thing I want to ask you, and then certainly I'll stop grilling you on this, but I think a lot of people out there when they were reading about this on Twitter and even hearing about it now and seeing this on LiveJournal and so forth, they're kind of wondering, what can I do?
Is there something I can do to help?
Is there anything I can do?
Is there any charity?
Is there something I can do to help?
Um,
Not really.
I mean, I don't know.
If you want to do a charity, I guess March of Dimes is, you know, they research, you know, pregnancy loss or I don't know.
There's that, I guess.
I don't know.
Nellie talked about getting in a group together for when they do the next March of Dimes walk or whatever.
I don't know.
I've actually done that quite a few times and it's a really great charity and I think would be very perfect.
I don't know.
I would definitely go in on that.
Yeah.
We don't, I don't know.
Yeah.
Do whatever you guys need to do.
See, that's the thing too.
When we got home, everyone wants to help out.
I totally understand what's there to do.
I don't know.
It's like people want to come over.
They want to bring you food and stuff.
It's fine because at first we did not want to go out of the house.
My mom would come over.
She'd bring us groceries that we needed and stuff like that.
I'd have friends come over and they'd bring food and stuff.
That was fine.
But now we've got a fridge full of food and we're just like...
They're like, well, what do you want us to do?
You need us to do something around the house?
I'm like, I don't know.
It's like, I don't know.
So, there's nothing really you can do, unfortunately.
I mean, it's nice to know that you guys care.
I don't know.
It's just, right now, I can't really think of anything.
There's nothing really we can do, I guess.
Well, maybe, you know, if we decide to go the charity route later on, I know we've always been kind of toying with the idea of doing a marathon of some sort on some weekend, so that might be something we'll have to look into for the future.
It might be a lot of fun.
Yeah, we'll see.
For a good cause.
I don't know.
That's pretty much it right now.
We've got a lot of stuff taken care of, so...
I don't know.
See, I feel so guilty right now.
I really shouldn't be.
I should be glad that I'm kind of over everything.
This whole week, I mean, I was perfectly fine.
I was sitting at home.
First, I wanted to sit at home because I wasn't ready to go back to work, but I was ready to go back to work probably Tuesday.
Mainly just staying home to keep Nelly company because she's got to be...
Thank you for watching!
But, like, I've been editing Grand Theft Auto for, like, the last few days, so I've been just doing the same- Getting back to normal.
I've been, yeah, just pretty much getting back to normal, and it's just, you know, I feel so guilty because she's, you know, still upset about stuff, and I just-
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
you're supposed to let it reabsorb back into your body and it's cramping after she gives birth and everything her uterus has to shrink down and you get contractions and cramping based on that and you have to give yourself massages in your stomach to force it to cramp so that it will shrink back down and it's just all the fun stuff about pregnancy that a lot of people don't know about but uh
I don't know.
I mean, it's like, I have pictures of them.
They give you these little layouts, they're little outfits that they basically dress them up in and take pictures and stuff.
As morbid as that sounds, but I mean, that's all you got, so...
I actually have pictures, but it's hard for people to look at, especially the boy, because their skin's still transparent a little bit, and he was really bruised coming out, and he's all red and stuff.
Let me read this from Kitsune, because I think this is really good advice, and we'll try to move on from here.
Kitsune in chat says, it would probably be worse if you didn't get back to normal.
I mean, if you stay in a good spirit, it would help her.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
I think that's what it is.
I know we spent a lot of time talking about that, but it's important.
And I think Brad makes a good point in our chat room again, chat.orangelandryday.com.
After listening to OLR for so long, we feel like you guys are kind of like family.
So I think you definitely have a lot of support from everybody.
We're just hoping that the next one goes a lot better than this.
You know, because I don't want to go through this again.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
Well, not very busy, just given that I can't hold the controllers for very long before my hand starts to hurt.
We got in, we're borrowing a couple pinball tables that we actually got after we did the video.
Attack from Mars, which I really love, and Medieval Madness, which I love, but I really like Attack from Mars better.
Dude, you got an attack from Mars?
That's awesome.
Yeah, it's a play after the show.
That's the pinball.
It has the holograms and all that stuff in it.
Play after the show.
Fun.
And so I've been playing a little bit of that off and on, but like I said, my hand starts hurting me real bad, so I can't play for very long.
And I'm playing Sims 3 just off and on.
Some of the...
Newness has fallen for me, but I go back every so often and now I'm actually going to pick up one of my old families and play them some more now that better hair has come out.
I've been playing Peggle.
I beat Peggle, so now I'm playing through it again.
It's pretty fun.
Some Cooking Mama last night on my iPhone.
Played Light Cycles on my iPhone.
Played Lost Solitaire on my iPhone.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Um, I've also, um, been playing some of the little games on Gaia Online, because my account is still there, including Booty Grab, just because I think it's funny.
It's where you go into the aquariums, and if you manage to get one that's active, they'll throw gold everywhere, and you grab booty.
I just laugh because I'm grabbing booty.
Nice.
Do you shake booty, too?
Because I'm five years old that way.
Um...
And we picked up a couple of games.
We actually picked up some Tengen games that were in the regular Nintendo cartridges.
We got Gauntlet and I don't think we picked up RBI Baseball because hello, it's RBI Baseball.
And one other that I can't remember.
And here comes the husband.
What was the other game?
We didn't?
Oh, I thought you bought the games.
Okay, well, we didn't get the games then.
We saw them.
You just saw them.
I thought he got them.
You had a daydream where you were going to buy them and leave.
No, because I went back and I bought movies.
I bought the Doctor Who movie that just came out.
I found it brand new for like $10.
Oh, nice.
And then I got this movie, which I love, Saved.
Oh, that's funny.
That movie is cracked out.
And I got Elf.
Because, you know, I normally, Will Ferrell actually used to really annoy the crap out of me until I saw that movie And then I thought that movie was pretty darn funny Especially when you smell like beef and cheese But also, for other games, Dan got me this that I haven't opened yet, but I will be This is the game that we are in
Actually, you got the 360 version.
That's the arcade stuff.
We're in the PS3 version.
We're in the PS3 one.
Yes, we're in the PS3 one.
The Namco Museum Essentials.
Thank you for reminding me, though.
We didn't tell the show or we didn't tell the listeners about this.
We actually have a cameo in a video game.
We're in the PlayStation 3 version of Namco Museum Essentials.
It's a PlayStation Network title.
Yeah, it's a download title.
You have to get it on... It's a download title on PlayStation Network.
You have to get it online.
The one that we're in is the one online.
You don't have a PS3 game with that.
I'll get one.
So, anyway.
Now they're talking about that.
But yeah, if you... Here's the thing.
It's just a little cameo, but when you start the game, not the demo, but the retail version of the game, you're not going to see it in the demo.
When you start the retail version of the game, there's a little splash screen that comes up, and it shows like, hey, now you can see this high scoreboard with your friends.
And it actually, on the high scoreboard, it says Sky...
DarkSakura, Loki is 1, 2, 3, and then there's some initials thing on the side too, where OLR is some of the top initials on the high scoreboard.
So it's really cool and awesome.
But it still has a lot of good games on it.
Oh yeah, I mean that's still a good collection.
That's mostly a collection of the various arcade games they've released.
Championship Edition, Galaga Legions, Mr. Driller Online, Galaxian, Pole Position.
So yeah, um...
As soon as my hand, because my hand is actually still pretty crappy.
I actually heard it yesterday holding my friend's son, and she is listening right now.
And sorry, your son killed me.
But no, I actually ended up hyperextending my middle finger way too far.
Oh, come on.
I know, it just sounds funny.
Sorry.
The technical term is hyperextension.
I was using my middle finger too much.
Hey, hey.
I was showing you.
See, look at my finger.
No, and the suture is still in my palm.
So I'm actually going to call my doctor and tell him to get it the hell out of my hand.
Because it's really... I pretty much think that it's what's slowing up my healing.
Because...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and that looks hot that is just oh my god and it's got Mark Hamill as Mr. J and I think it pretty much has all the animated series voice cast except for I think Dan said the commissioner's voice is different but other than that hey I mean it actually I have a feeling that we're going to pick this one up and I'm really looking forward to giving that one a try if I take enough Vicodin maybe I can play the demo
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yes.
And I came this close, really tiny close, to playing Beatmania.
And then I was like, nah, let's just go home.
Probably not good for your hand, though.
Nah, really not good for my hand.
I mean, I'm a right-side scratcher, but nah.
You know what's funny?
I actually saw a Hip Hop Mania Complete Mix 2 machine yesterday.
What?
Where?
At Tahoe.
South Lake Tahoe.
It was either Harvey's or Harrah's.
I can't remember.
One of those two had it.
And yeah, I almost played it, but then I was like, dude, it's five key.
This is old.
Okay.
Oh, and I released a ringtone pack for iPhone owners.
I think I sent it to you.
I don't think I saw it.
I did a limited giveaway, just a random giveaway, to give away 10 video game ringtones that I made for iPhone.
And I'm going to do it again.
This time, instead of doing it on...
On Twitter, I'm going to do it on Facebook.
So the first five people to send me a message to my inbox on Facebook with your email address... Actually, I'll be better than that.
I'll say ten will be able to download the pack.
It's just ten different ringtones.
Nice.
And...
I can tell everybody what's in them later alright well let's move on with our gaming weeks and Loki I know you said you did some Grand Theft Auto yeah I was playing well not so much playing Grand Theft Auto as I was editing Grand Theft Auto still it's almost done actually I think it's probably done now I think I've edited pretty much everything I could possibly edit in it now and I am going to record some stuff for it I finally got my video capture thing for doing HD video and
Assuming everything works on it, we should be able to record some stuff.
I've been having issues with the program that came with it to get it to work.
For some reason, it's just crashing randomly.
Hopefully, we'll be able to record everything and it will be awesome.
So you can finally see what the hell I've done to Grand Theft Auto.
It's insane now.
Now the jets fly around at street level.
And it's just kind of crazy because you're fighting and all of a sudden this jumbo jet comes by.
It's just like, what the hell is going on?
Other than that, I didn't really play a whole lot this week.
I brought my DS with me to the hospital so I had something to do.
So I played a little bit of LEGO Battles, which that game's kind of boring.
I mean, it's an okay RTS game, but...
The AI is retarded, and like I would tell, you have these, you can harvest, you know, wood and stuff like that, or it gives you bricks or whatever.
So, you know, I'm telling them to go chop down these trees, and they just stand there.
They're like, huh?
You want me to do what?
Or like I say, chop down these trees, and they run the opposite direction.
It's just...
Absolutely Retarded, so that got really frustrating and boring.
Then I went back to playing some Space Invaders Extreme, which was fun, and also some Planet Puzzle League, which was pretty fun.
Those games are good standby puzzle games.
Let me think...
I think that's pretty much it.
Really, you know, not a good week for games.
Even though I was home all week, I was just pretty occupied with just doing Grand Theft Auto stuff.
And then before that, you know, putting away boxes and cleaning up the house.
But I have my giant HDTV now in my room to do video capture on, so it'll be awesome.
Alright.
As far as my gaming week, I didn't play a lot of, you know, even the fact that we've been gone a little while, I didn't play a lot of new stuff.
I've still been playing Lost Odyssey.
I made my way to disc 3 now, which is way past where I was before, so that's pretty cool, and I'm still enjoying that little RPG.
I play Blackjack for real.
and DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, I mean, I was down to about 20 at one point.
I was like, ah, fuck my life.
I'm going to be losing all my money.
But I did okay.
It was very nerve-wracking.
It's a lot of pressure, but it was fun.
I had fun.
But please gamble responsibly if you're over 21.
Let's see, what else did I do?
I did play one new game, but I can't really review it because it's a beta, and it's actually one that I know somebody emailed us on before.
And I did actually end up getting a beta into the game to check it out.
Ion Online is the name of the game, and it's from NCSoft, and it's a new MMO that's coming out.
It's actually, if I understand right, it's been out in Korea for some time.
It's just finally getting its localization over here, so it's finally in beta, and so forth.
And, um...
I didn't really play the game enough to get a real sense, you know, to review it fairly.
I will say it's pretty.
It definitely had some things in common with WoW, but I actually found a lot to be in common with Warhammer as well.
I don't know if that's just the way it looked or what have you, but as far as, like, you know, I'm just talking the way the game looks on a purely superficial level.
I'm not talking about, like, how the insides of the game work, because there's all these things I did not have enough time to get into, such as...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
God, that is Final Fantasy XI.
But I don't want to make you think it's like Final Fantasy XI because it definitely felt a lot more like a WoW or Warhammer did.
Apparently there's another beta weekend next weekend.
I'm going to check it out.
I don't want to review a game based on a beta, but I will say the game kept me interested enough to want to play it again next weekend.
And that's what I plan to do.
It sounds like fun.
Yeah, I'll have to talk to my source, see if I can get you another code.
It'll be kind of fun.
I like a good MMO, but you know which one I'm waiting for.
Final Fantasy XIV?
Heck no!
Alright.
What was that line from Chasing Amy?
Bitch, you almost made me laugh.
Bobby Blackwolf, The Bobby Blackwolf Show
at 5 o'clock Pacific, 8 o'clock Eastern.
Before we were on, he was making fun of us tonight, calling it the Mark of the Beast and so forth.
Or half the Mark of the Beast.
Sorry, 666.
I was saying it's our holy show.
It's a holy show.
Holy moly.
So, all right.
And of course, we have a new YouTube up.
So check that out on the channel, www.youtube.com.
And we are channel Orange Lounge Radio.
Or you just search for OLR.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
by EA at Comic-Con.
The whole take a picture with our booth babes thing.
It was dumb.
I don't know if you heard about this.
Yeah.
It actually didn't.
It was some lame brain in the marketing department.
Their scheme gone way wrong.
I don't want to get too far into it because it's weeks old.
It was basically you take a picture with a booth babe and you send it on your Twitter or something like that and you'll get entered in a drawing to win a date on the town with two women and basically the star treatment where you get paparazzi
or basically a chaperone, a limo, and that kind of stuff.
But the way that it was phrased, it made it sound like you get two prostitutes that you get to go have sex with on a tent.
Right, right, because the whole thing was around, you know, the seven deadly sins, and what was this, lust?
Was that probably the thing?
So, you know, the whole thing was built around lust, and it made it kind of sound like it was encouraged, like, you know, go harass booth babes and take pictures of them.
It didn't even have to be EA's booth babes, from what I understood from their thing.
Yeah, I think... Or was it supposed to be?
I don't know.
It didn't have to be.
I don't know.
This is why you need parameters set, you know?
Here's the thing.
I'm sorry to get far into this.
I was just going to mention it, but that's okay.
Here's the thing.
I actually don't think they're the biggest criminals in the world.
They thought outside the box.
They came up with a new competition.
Was it a very limiting competition?
Did they kind of close this off to a lot of people by only thinking of the horny straight male?
Yes, they did.
Did somebody in marketing fuck this up big time by taking it from idea to fruition?
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Like, where was the quality check on this?
Come on.
And seriously, you gotta think about this.
You don't do that...
At Comic-Con, you do that at Vegas.
Where you can actually fulfill your contractual obligation to get those guys laid.
I just don't like, the only thing I really didn't like about it is it just reinforces the stereotype that gamers are a bunch of desperate, horny male folks who can't get laid.
You know what I mean?
And not that I think – see, but at the same time, I don't want to go to that other extreme where they have to write all these rules.
Well, you get on a date with two women.
But if you're women, you can get guys.
Or if you're a gay guy, you can get pretty guys.
Or if you're a lesbian – I wouldn't want to have to see them go to that extreme.
Well, I mean just let me cash out the damn prize.
How about that?
You also won –
Oh yeah, you won booty as well.
You know, but that's funny.
I don't know.
Like I said, I think they should have done it in Vegas.
And people just need to get over this shit.
It's a contest.
If you don't like it, don't enter it.
Don't get offended by it, it's a contest.
My god.
Do we need to take it seriously?
I'm not offended, but I'm just like, stupid.
This is stupid.
This is so, so stupid.
And that's probably not what people want us to be saying about their upcoming game, Dante's Inferno.
Stupid.
I'm just kidding.
I don't know about the game itself.
Anyhow, let's get into some gaming news from the now.
Loki, please, start us off.
Yes, so Sony decided it was an awesome idea to go ahead and add some ads to their game Wipeout HD.
And these would be little commercials that would play before your races and whatnot.
What's interesting though is the ads that they have actually increase the load time from basically like 8 seconds to 19 seconds.
Now, that doesn't seem like a whole lot, but that's still annoying that you have to wait 19 seconds to get into a race because they want you to watch an ad for a game that you paid for already.
Kind of annoying.
Thankfully, enough people bitched, and so they went ahead and got rid of those ads, or at least that one ad that was that long.
But still though, I mean, come on.
Adding ads after the fact because they want some more money?
I'm sorry, I can understand if you want to do that for like a free version of the game that maybe adds supported, but if I bought this game...
I don't want to have to wait extra seconds or whatever to play my levels just because you want to make a few extra bucks running a State Farm ad or something like that.
That's the thing that gets me.
The ad had nothing to do.
You know what's funny?
I actually own Wipeout HD, but I haven't played it in so long.
I totally missed this.
But State Farm?
Really?
What gamer is going to be sitting there playing Wipeout HD going, Damn, I was just thinking I need life insurance.
I mean, really?
Thanks for watching!
I see that kind of crap on TV, although I don't like the fact that I pay for it.
I don't get as bothered by that as I do by this, because this is very in-your-face, captive audience.
That's the problem.
It makes you a captive audience to these commercials.
It's like those ads in the bathroom stall.
It's just that they do it after the fact.
That kind of devalues your game.
People might not purchase this game because it has a 20 second load time or you have to watch an ad for State Farm.
DarkSakura, unlike you, I don't get mad at the ads in the bathroom because, again, unlike you, if I don't like the ad, I can always piss on it.
Well, no, it's not necessarily ads in the bathroom that I don't like.
It's this thing that they do at my work with these little security posters that they put in the bathroom stall, which I'm glad I haven't had to look.
The hell is that?
Big Brother is watching you poo?
What is that?
It's like, don't give out confidential information at work, blah, blah, blah.
Don't talk about this, blah, blah.
Security risk, blah, blah, blah.
And they look like stupid motivational posters, but not really.
And I hate that more.
Can I tell this stupid random tangent story real quick?
Yay, tangents!
The dates back to high school.
You love my tangents.
Admit it.
I do.
Admit it.
Chat room, you love my tangents.
There was once this kid that ran for student government when I was in high school, and I think he was running for like, I don't know, like they...
They used to, like, a king of the pep rally or whatever the hell they called it.
He would basically be the host of all the pep rallies in the school.
Biggest loser.
Okay, biggest loser was what he was running for.
And his campaign, you know, he put up a bunch of posters and stuff.
But in the men's bathroom, he actually put up posters in the urinals and what have you.
And it actually said, you hold the future in your hands.
Remember to vote next Friday.
I actually thought that was kind of creative.
That's brilliant, actually.
Oh my god.
And now he works for EA creating failed, you know, advertisements.
Oh, I don't keep in touch with the assholes from high school except the ones I liked.
Who knows what that asshole's doing, but, you know, I just thought that was funny.
That actually is pretty funny.
Thanks for watching!
For example, like, you know, the movie Running Man or, you know... Fast and Furious on DVD and Blu-ray or something.
Not even necessarily that.
Like, okay, wipe out, you know, HD.
Let's make it... It can be a State Farm ad, but have them, like, insuring, like, these space vehicles or something like that.
It still fits in, like, the universe.
It fits in everything, but it's actually still an ad for State Farm.
It's just like, you know...
Demolition Man, Taco Bell,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
What the hell is this?
Really?
What's to say they're not going to go back and patch other games to suddenly throw in advertising?
Surprise!
It's just low.
Because then when the game is reviewed and all the previews go out, this has to be breaking a law of some sort.
I don't know how.
It has to be.
It's just shady.
You're raping my eyes!
You are raping my eyes!
And I am unwilling...
It's just weird.
Unconsensual.
Yes, this is unconsensual eye-fucking.
That's what this is.
Thank you, Sony.
Here's the thing, though.
Poor State Farm.
Because you know they probably just buy out of some company.
It is.
It's not even State Farm's fault.
Don't blame State Farm for this.
Because remember, State Farm is there.
State Farm is everywhere, apparently, even in Wipeout HD.
So there you go.
Hey, at least it's not another fucking Axe commercial or something like that.
Yeah.
Uh, comments from chat, chat.orange.com.
Uh, Gangru says, if ads are in my game, it needs to be either flavor or cheaper.
Uh, TigerClaw says, I think the ads came after the Fury add-on pack for Wipeout HD and continues to say, maybe if you buy the regular Wipeout HD without the add-ons, it doesn't have the ads.
Um, I never noticed them.
I do have Wipeout HD and I've never noticed the ads, but I didn't play it in the last three weeks.
I didn't, and just to be clear, the ads are gone now, right?
They were patched out, right?
Um, they're,
Well, they're not patched out, but they're working with the company now.
I think that that ad is gone, but they're working with them now so that basically the ads are shorter and they don't interfere with the load time or something like that is what they're saying.
They're not saying that the ads are going away.
They're just saying, oh, we're working with this company because we fucked up or they fucked up by making the ad too long or something.
So basically they're saying, hey, it's not that we're getting rid of the advertising, we're just trying to find a way to keep it into the 8 second window, basically.
It's just, I don't know, it's shady.
I mean, I expect those types of ads on, let's say, a Pogo.com type of website.
If you've never visited this website, it's just a ton of casual games.
It's all middle-aged crisis women games, and I love them.
You've got Boggle and Scrabble and all this stuff on there.
I have no problem with them doing a free version of this game.
Yeah, but they're all free, and you expect that you're going to have to sit there and look at an ad for Metamucil in between games or what have you, but...
or Special K. That's the big one.
Special K is delicious.
Special K is like food of the Lifetime Network.
I'm very pissed off that they really focused the demographic to chicks.
Fuck games for a minute.
This is more important than any other revelation that's come out about ads and games.
Fuck that whole thing for a minute.
Loki loves...
I like Total, I used to eat that when I was 5
or like, I don't even know if you remember this, Product 19.
Yes, I remember that.
Yeah, that's almost like Special K. Because if you even say mini-wheats or old people food, I'm going to come over there and beat you.
Mini-wheats are freaking amazing.
I like Crispix, too.
Crispix is pretty damn good.
Then again, I'm the person with all brands sitting up there in my cabinet.
Thanks for watching!
You know, that could be hit or miss.
I am amazed at the vast of knowledge some of our listeners have of the show.
Alpha Cananogram in chat says, to quote from guys on a show.
Now that's a show we used to do on Orange Lounge Radio when it was a station.
Like it was like on Thursday nights or something.
I did that with my old roommate, Xfer.
It's been off the air for like four years.
But says this quote, Sky thinks Special K's secret ingredient is possibly pussy juice.
Did I say that?
You made that up.
I did not say that.
Did I really?
From experience, I can tell you that I don't think Pussy Juice is in Special K. Well, how would that attract women, too?
Well, lesbians, maybe.
It's not bad.
It's just the thing is, the only thing I don't like about Special K, because first off, they don't have mazes and little stupid dumb puzzles on the back of them like Fruity Pebbles and, you know.
Captain Crunch does but they have like you know all this breast health awareness crap and like you can lose you know four you know inches off your waistline or something like that if you do the special K diet and crap I'm like I'm sorry I eat your cereal and I lose no weight whatsoever but then again they want you to like make nuggets don't help well yes but they also want you to like have it with skim milk that's like disgusting you know I like skim milk cardboard or something I don't know
I'm sorry to get off topic, but we had to have the Special K chat on this show because I think we've never had it on the main show and it's been like seven years.
And Loki's been eating Special K at least that long.
It's good.
I mean, it's...
I don't know.
I go back to Captain Crunch every now and then, but Captain Crunch is sharp.
I mean, it's seriously like... For the record, I hate Special K. For the record, I hate Captain Crunch.
It's disgusting.
I can't stand Special K. I love Special K. I like fiber cereals.
Okay, I grew up on Grape Nuts and Total and Cracklin' Oat Bran.
I hate marshmallows.
And you have a smooth bowel movement every day.
Shut up.
The only kid cereal that I ever liked was Frosted Mini Wheats, and I still to this day, it's my favorite cereal in the universe, and Rice Krispies.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch for me.
I'll eat that stuff dry, out of the box.
And for the record, I hate Cheerios.
You know what else is good, too, that I can't stop eating once I get some?
Golden Grahams.
I love it.
You can still get Golden Grahams.
I just had some the other day.
I know, they're awesome.
Here's the thing, though.
It's funny you say I can actually eat it dry.
I only eat cereal dry.
I hate milk that much.
I don't eat cereal with milk.
See, Special K, that would taste awful dry.
I can't stand Special K. It won't...
Maybe I did say that because it does taste like pussy juice to me.
It is that disgusting.
It's gross.
Okay.
Anyhow.
Oh yeah, so the ads in games.
That idea.
Unless you run an ad for Special K, then Loki won't mind anymore.
Alright.
Let's see.
Let's move on with some more news and talking about Netflix a little bit.
And Netflix, of course, streaming has been huge on the Xbox 360.
It's...
Rumored once again, and it seems like this rumor comes up every few months or so ever since Netflix set the Xbox 360, but apparently an industry executive familiar with Netflix plans has talked to the website Multichannel that the company's streaming service is soon coming to the iPhone or iPod Touch as well as the Wii.
By the way, that doesn't mean you're going to get to watch Netflix on 3G.
That would be way too much of a strain on AT&T's bandwidth.
And, you know...
Boy oh boy, AT&T, I gotta think of some horrible name for AT&T because they are just like, they're putting the clamp down on everything.
That was the other big news that came up, even though it's not game related, but the whole thing like Google Apps are getting shut down by assholes, twats, and turds.
There you go.
So asshole twat and turd isn't going to let you use their 3G network because it's way too much of their precious bandwidth so you'd only be able to use Netflix over the streaming over Wi-Fi.
Which makes sense.
I mean, it would be a horrible quality over 3G anyway.
I mean, YouTube takes forever as it is.
But the part about the Wii is interesting because they've been hinting at that for a long, long, long, long time.
But
Nothing about Sony PlayStation 3.
And I think the iPhone stuff is interesting because Apple, if I'm not mistaking, kind of has their own thing.
I mean, you can't see they don't have a Netflix type service per se, but they do have the movie rental that you can do on on the Apple and you can play that on your phone.
So I would see something like this getting shot down just the same way the Google Latitude app got shot down.
Google Voice, that was the big one that got shot down by Apple as well, by Asselsturch and Twatts.
There's other phones out there that do, you know.
Yes, but realize whether you like it or not, the iPhone is the one everybody seems to have right now.
It is the most popular phone.
And I think what's second behind it is the BlackBerry iPhone.
Probably, yeah, probably BlackBerry, which is also an AT&T name, too.
Or AT&T brand, too.
I'm trying to read some comments in the chat room.
Let's see, Decipher says, Atrocious telephones and technology.
Frisbee says, All twats talking.
So there you go.
And Misty says it's a fucking sheep phone.
We were just calling... Hey, I love my iPhone.
I know, bad, bad, bad.
Well, I mean, I'm just saying that it actually is...
Really good.
I mean, seriously.
It's a really good technology.
So whatever.
Nah.
Yes, and Tiger Klaus says, let's not forget there is an All Games app on the iPhone and it lets you let OLR on it.
Yeah, I downloaded it too.
Did that come out in the past couple weeks?
I guess it did.
If you haven't checked out the All Games app, search for that.
Because it lets you, it's free, and you can tune in to All Games Radio anywhere.
Yeah.
And plug in your ears and plug in the headphones and go.
I always plug in my ears.
Plug it in a car transmitter and go.
Wait, Mr. Potato Head.
Shush.
Alright, so there you go, Netflix streaming possibly coming to the Wii and iPhone.
I think it's inevitable, it's probably going to come to, probably, if AT&T will let it, it'll come to the iPhone and Apple also.
But I don't know about the Wii, I don't know.
For some reason this always comes up and I'm just kind of like, I don't know.
The Wii doesn't seem like a strong enough system to be able to support something like Netflix.
They could do it.
I think you could do it.
I mean, especially with all the functionality they're giving it in Japan.
Why not?
Get the Netflix channel.
Have you really?
I mean, honestly, though, do you watch that much on your streaming Netflix?
I mean, granted, there is some stuff I watch.
It's mostly TV shows.
We actually canceled ours.
DarkSakura.com
They're still behind on a few things.
Alright, well let's move on.
Obviously, Netflix will maybe hear something later in the year, but nothing now.
DarkSakura.
Well, something that's actually really good for people who have an Xbox in the United States is that Xbox Live will be getting PayPal support.
The option is you can buy your Xbox points using PayPal.
You'd go onto your account summary page on Xbox.com.
There's a little option to associate your PayPal and Live accounts.
And then, but it really only works through the website, not through the console.
And it's right now only in America.
In other words, any way you want to give us your money, we'll take it.
Hey, it's convenient.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I don't mind.
I mean, we're talking about Microsoft.
They're not going to give out my information.
My bank protects me from any violation of information, so I'm fine.
But I'm not really worried about that.
I know it's tempting to buy them all at a push of a button and so forth, and I haven't been.
Especially in the early days of Xbox Live Arcade, I was buying everything, and it was very tempting.
But I've gotten a lot better at that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You might be able to use your credit card, but it's really easy to sit everything through PayPal.
Especially since a lot of the Buy It Now stuff is set that way.
But it's really just giving people another option.
And I don't see any harm in it.
Especially if people do a lot of stuff through their PayPal account.
And you can use it to track your purchases that way too.
So, why not?
I use PayPal a lot when I'm paying for stuff online just because it's like an escrow service and that kind of stuff.
They have ripped me off in the past.
Like, there was an error one time where I paid for something that was...
Thanks for watching!
Dude, go to the store and go buy a card.
I mean, seriously, if you want the points that badly, just go to the store, pay the tax on it, and just go buy a card.
You know, and just redeem it online.
You can even get one of those prepaid Visa cards, right?
You can get a prepaid Visa card, but there's no reason to go through PayPal for all this crap because if you don't have a credit card...
You're gonna have to tie your bank account to PayPal.
And I'm not even sure if you can do that if you're under 18 anyways.
I mean, it's been a while since I did that.
But it's just easier if you're under 18, just go buy a card at the store.
Hell, you can go to your favorite game store or whatever, trade in some games or trade in crap, and then get...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Good that they're supporting it.
They give someone another option, but I don't think it's a good option.
Good for them.
I mean, I guess the more ways the better.
I guess there are some people out there that really trust PayPal or that build up money in PayPal from eBay auctions or whatever, but I don't know.
Not something I really plan on using.
But see, even with that, though, I mean, yeah, you can build up money from PayPal, but it's really simple to just deposit that into your bank account.
One click of a button, it takes like two days.
Done.
I mean, so that's kind of a lame excuse if that's, oh, I got all this money built up in PayPal.
Plus there's got to be all these fees and crap too, you know?
Yeah, they would love it for you just to spend that PayPal money on stuff that their company is selling or transactions through them because I bet they get kicked back for every little transaction.
And are they going to be charging you tax?
Because that would be something interesting too.
I don't know.
I guess it depends on what state you live in.
True.
I don't know.
Um...
So other interesting stuff that Best Buy is actually going to be testing this new program that they've got.
I'm assuming this is only going to last as a test.
I can't imagine this working full-time.
But their new thing is, why buy used when you can buy new?
Best Buy will now match prices of new video games at used prices from GameStop or GameCrazy.
So basically, you go to GameStop, you say, okay...
I see this used game for $5 cheaper.
Somehow you then decide to go to Best Buy, get a new game, tell them to call this GameStop to check the price, and done.
You get the new game for the price of the used game.
Awesome plan, but I can't imagine that they're going to make any money off of this because they're going to be losing money left and right.
Especially if somebody at a GameStop or something like that is a real dick and says, Oh yeah, we're charging $20 for that game.
Redeem, get a bunch of the game and go sell it back to GameStop for more than $20.
DarkSakura.com
But at the same time, you kind of said it yourself, Loki.
The price of a used game, a GameStop, is typically only $5 under that of a new game.
So in other words, Best Buy is basically giving you $5 off on all their new games.
Is that...
is that really that bad of a loss?
If they can create loyalty, because that's a big, big thing, is that I think a lot of people kind of build up loyalty to one certain place to buy their games, right?
And here's the other thing, too, about that.
You see, retailers like this, basically, they can sell a game at cost, and it's still beneficial for them if they're able to sell enough units, because they get back-end rebates, meaning if they buy X amount of pieces or whatever, a company like, say, Activision or EA or whatever will give them
Thanks for watching!
Basically the same price.
Now the question is, are they going to also count the discounts that you get with your GameStop card?
Are you going to be able to get the extra 10% off?
Probably not.
I would say just assume no on that.
And store credit, because Best Buy is not really taking trades in right now.
But isn't that something else they're testing?
Yeah, the kiosks are testing that.
But right now they're not.
I mean, so...
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
If, on top of all that, if you're cautious, then yeah, I don't see why this would be a bad deal if you're just interested in getting a used game and you don't give a crap about the extra 10% off.
I gotta read this comment from chat because it's really funny.
Brad from PodCulture says they play video games in Utah, to which Rama follows up with, Brad, yep, they play Super Mormon Brothers 2.
Oh, I'm sure our Utah listeners appreciate that one.
Alright.
I just like that idea for a game.
Super Mormon Brothers 2.
Surely that's a ROM hack somewhere.
Surely that is a ROM hack somewhere.
Well, hey, I like cheaper games no matter how it happens, but let's not count out what GameStop might be doing.
Not necessarily in retaliation, but certainly all the companies are trying to think of ways to one-up each other.
And GameStop is apparently looking for a new rewards program.
Because, you know, the way it is right now is that they have what?
You get their little card, you get the 10% discount or whatever.
10% more on trades, 10%...
More off of Accessory.
You get some magazine I've never read in my life.
Game Informer is actually not bad.
Game Informer is a good magazine.
Yeah, it's not a bad magazine and the subscription price is cheaper than whatever.
Honestly, I couldn't tell you.
I will tell you the last time I read a video game magazine actually was a couple weeks ago.
I actually picked up a Barnes & Noble.
It's a magazine out of the UK.
Retro Gamer, I think it's called.
Oh, that's good.
We have an issue of Retro Gamer.
That was a pretty good one.
But other than that, I mean, thanks to the internet, I don't really read video game magazines.
But here's...
The reason I buy their card each year, one, because the magazine subscription gives me something to do, like to stare off in the space at work sometimes, and because the extra trade-in value that you get, it pays for the card within a few uses for me.
That's the only reason I do it.
Basically, it's a cost advantage for myself.
Granted, I could probably...
Sell my games on eBay or whatever.
But, you know, I don't want to go through the fucking hassle to do that.
So, that's my own choice.
Whatever.
All right, well, apparently here's two versions.
They're testing some different rewards versions.
I'm not sure.
Let's see.
Where did this come from?
It was a survey.
A survey, I see.
They were trying to survey some folks to see what they were interested in.
And here was one, take your game to the next level with GameStop Rewards.
So apparently if you sign up for this new free program, you would sign up with your email address and so forth.
If you do one purchase or trade in a year, you would get a birthday surprise, meaning discounts on your birthday.
Sucks to be you if your birthday is Christmas.
Level two would be make any combination of five purchases or trades per year.
You would get 20% bonus trade-in credit because you're a power trader, I guess.
And you get early access to purchase collector's editions of games.
That's kind of interesting.
And $5 shipping on new titles shipped the day of release.
That's retarded.
Because you know what the early access to collector's editions is?
You get the pre-order before everybody else.
and then level 3 is 10 purchases or trade-ins a year to get 25% bonus on trade-ins, guaranteed access to exclusive in-game accessories, and so forth.
Let's see, and then there's another one that is just like a two-level thing, where if you do one purchase or trade-in a year, you get the birthday surprise, but if you do 20 purchases or trade-ins a year, you get the subscription to Game Informer, you get the power trades, you get...
Guaranteed in-stock new games or free shipping.
That's kind of interesting, too.
So if they're out of your game, they'll ship to your house for free.
That's interesting.
Early access to purchase collector's editions of games, $5 shipping of new titles shipped on day of release, and guaranteed access to exclusive in-game accessories, etc., etc.
So, you know, more incentive programs, which I'm sure makes some people excited.
But again, it's about building customer loyalty is huge.
You know?
And it makes sense that you would pay the $25 instead of making 20 trades because...
you know once again it's cheap enough to where $25 that will pay for itself especially with the extra 10% on top of all that probably in one use so why not why wouldn't you do that especially if you're buying games on a regular basis
You know why I've never signed up for their program and why I don't pre-order games?
And I still stand by this.
I don't pre-order games because I find that when the games are released, because the companies are trying to one-up each other, if I pre-order the game at GameStop or whatever, put $5 down, it's going to come out and Best Buy is going to have a sale where you get a $10 gift card if you buy the game or something.
That's why I don't like to pre-order games because I don't like to lock myself in because I kind of like to see what the competition is the day of release.
and plus sometimes you see these really interesting things where GameStop gets one little incentive, GameCrazy gets another Best Buy gets another, you know like all the companies get their own little free weapon or whatever and I want to pick the one I like the best I don't know, that's my whole thing on pre-ordering and joining these incentive programs and stuff, I just really like to shop around I don't really ever go to one place I only pre-order collector's editions and that's if I'm buying a collector's edition like Grand Theft Auto which we've got sitting right over there
Yeah.
But that's it.
I mean, that's all I really would pre-order.
I order most of my stuff through my work just because, you know, I tend to get them early.
D5T1 in chat says, Rob must be a Pepsi fan.
Need to stick to a brand.
Actually, I am.
Pepsi's way better than Coke.
Pepsi is way better than Coke.
Only, and I've said this before, it's weird because Pepsi...
Thanks for watching!
I can agree with that.
I can agree with the tap changing.
A&W out of the tap is so good, but out of the can cannot be duplicated.
Can's alright if it's cold enough, but yeah.
But I will say this, because Dark Tits of Year reminds me, before the Coke lovers start hating on me, I will say this, vanilla Coke was superior to vanilla Pepsi.
They're both disgusting.
I'm sorry.
Whatever.
I found Vanilla Coke out of a tap the other day.
Still.
In the year 2009.
At Rubio's.
Yes.
I was floored.
They were also one of the first places to have it in town.
You know what else is good with A&W Ruber?
Out of the jug.
Like, they actually sell it in milk jugs.
Nice.
Yes.
Out of their stores.
Oh, that's best.
Alright.
Let's go ahead and move on and DarkSakura with some more news and we'll get into release dates.
Well, there's a channel in the UK called Bravo, which completely has nothing to do with our Bravo, that has a show out called Game Face that's for casual gamers.
Pretty much, you just watch these guys play video games, and they'll have some girl come out and be stupid, and then
and DarkSakura.com
It just really seems like it'd be really boring to watch because usually anything that's got some type of corporate design behind it tends to get the imagination sucked out of whatever it could have been.
Yeah, I mean, Drew, there's people that'll sit there and watch other people play video games for a long time.
I do when they're at my house.
My roommate loves to watch me play Lost Odyssey, even though he doesn't really play the game himself.
He loves to just watch me kind of play through it and see all the cinematic scenes and stuff.
So it's kind of interesting that they're kind of making that a TV show.
I don't think that it sounds like they're doing RPGs and stuff, but, you know, that they'll just kind of show five minutes worth of gameplay and stuff.
Also, you know this kind of tangent, sorry, but they have these interesting things on the Comcast On Demand.
Mm-hmm.
where you can actually go in and they have these things called like I think it's called like the first 15 or something and it's actually I don't know if it's G4 one of the other networks puts them on there because G4 is owned by Comcast if I remember right but you can actually watch in HD like the first 15 minutes of gameplay of certain games like that around release time so to help you decide if you want to buy it or not I guess you know really get to see what it looks like that's kind of interesting I actually think that's a good idea I think that's a really good idea to have that
Well, my question is, you know, we kind of talk about how a lot of these TV shows come out and they're stupid.
What video game TV show should they make, do you think?
How could they make a video game TV show that's cool?
They need to bring back the old school stuff like GamePro TV, you know, where you have the person talking about the new games that are coming up.
Well, I guess we're already doing that, but, you know.
I think that's really what I'd like to more see because it was really cool back in the day.
Or, you know, like the video game related game shows, not like Nick Arcade because that was kind of ass, but like the ones where people had the Velcro vest and ran around.
Starcade and all that stuff.
Starcade, yeah.
and I would like to see something like the Screensavers used to be.
That was a really cool show, but more about video games, which I know you might be thinking, well, isn't that Attack of the Show?
Not really, because that's kind of got that Maxim Magazine spin on it, basically, and that's not all-inclusive, really, of all the gamers.
It's also annoying.
I don't know.
I'm a much bigger fan of what that show used to be than what it is now.
That's for sure.
So I don't know.
I kind of like the idea of a gaming kind of TV show by gamers who somewhat know what they're doing.
I also would like to see kind of more current things.
I like the idea of a daily show that is kind of current.
Yeah.
No, I feel, you know, and really, if you want to get reviews and everything, there's more amusing things to watch online, like the Angry Video Game Nerd, and the one that, oh god, I can't remember what it is, the one that my husband watches all the time that's kind of like that, only older.
And the guy reviewed beer last time we watched.
He was drinking Newcastle, it was pretty good.
And somebody in chat says, Orange Lounge TV, maybe?
No!
No!
I don't know.
I think we might be getting too old.
That's the sad thing.
Not too old.
We just don't have enough time.
Yeah, that's true.
Do a daily show?
I'd have to be getting paid for this.
We'd have to all quit our jobs to do it.
Yeah, I would like to get paid.
Yeah.
So, I don't know.
I honestly wouldn't even know where to begin with that, so I'm not even going to think about it.
Let's move on with some release dates.
Loki, start us off.
Well, there's not a whole lot coming out in the U.S., unfortunately.
It's a little bit of a slow time, but there is some big stuff this week, including Madden NFL 10.
We're coming out this Friday, so you pretty much can expect that on every single system out there, except for the DS.
I don't think it's on the DS this year.
Fossil Fighter is on the DS actually today.
or Tomorrow.
I don't know.
I thought it was supposed to be today.
Anyways, Tomorrow on the DS from Nintendo.
Imagine Soccer Captain, another crappy game from Ubisoft that's on the DS.
Active Life Extreme Challenge.
It's the game that has...
I don't know, like a two-player DDR mat, or I guess kind of like a power pad.
But it's for the Wii, and it's all the mini-games you could possibly want, and that's available.
Or not want, as the case may be.
Or not want, yes, that's on the Wii.
We have a budget Firefighter sim, Real Heroes Firefighter, that's on the Wii.
Also this week, Core on the DS from Graffiti Entertainment, hopefully actually coming out this time because it's been delayed forever.
ATV Quad Kings on the Wii.
It's a game from Zoo Games.
And I can tell you this much, it's going to suck.
Because it's just like all those other Destiny games and they all suck.
uh let's see Still Life 2 coming out on PC I don't know if that's a re-release or not um Phantom Brave we meet again on the Wii that's actually pretty cool if you're a Japanese RPG fan and if you possibly want one even though you don't own Lips they are selling the Lips microphone separately now you can purchase that this week for the Xbox 360 and
and that's it it's like I said slow week it's also slow week over in Japan as we go take a look at the Japanese release dates really on the big systems there's only one new game coming out but it's a Fullmetal Alchemist game and some folks may get a kick out of that it's coming out on the Wii Hagane no Rekken Jutsushi Fullmetal Alchemist Akatsu I'm sorry
Akatsuki no Ouji
And I'll see you next time.
Sounds like a wrestling game or sumo game.
Could be.
But there's two different versions of it.
And then lastly, on the PSP, there is a new game.
Infinity Plus Portable comes out.
And this is, I think, a bunch of games.
It's produced by Cyberfront with different scenarios written by Utsukoshi Kotaro.
And he's done scripts for famous adventure games like Memory Off.
And it's part dating simulation and part adventure.
That's really it for this week in Japan.
Well, for our friends in the UK, there's a few releases.
On the 12th is Trials HD on Xbox 360, Marvel vs. Capcom 2, Red Faction Guerrilla, Demons of the Badlands, both of those on the 13th.
And on the 14th is Hearts of Iron 3 for PC and Madden 10, whatever.
That's it.
And Madden...
Not your cup of tea, huh?
Bleh.
Barf.
This is interesting.
Sony has trademarked a new...
I guess a new logo for something called PlayStation Thanks.
No word on what this is yet.
However, if you were to ask me, I would say that it's probably going to be some sort of incentive program.
Very similar to the Club Nintendo stuff.
Very interesting tonight.
We have a lot of discount and reward stories.
I guess it's a sign of the times.
I don't know.
To help in the economy.
Dude, let's go play Thanks.
PlayStation Thanks Redemption
S2100 Matt in chat says I approve of these discount stories yeah I mean there's nothing wrong with having a bunch of discount stories it's just kind of interesting it all seems to be hitting the same week and you know we're not dipping back in the weeks we missed this is all perhaps to battle piracy on the PSP you know they get you to buy stuff and you get codes and then you can like redeem points and get crap and maybe that's what they're doing that would make more sense to me PlayStation 3 since there really isn't any piracy on the PlayStation 3 um
I don't know.
It'd be a nice bonus.
I don't know.
But I am going to speculate that they're going to probably botch this just like they botch everything else that they seem to be doing.
Thanks for watching!
Some of the jobs from XI, and I guess the way the game works in regards to the jobs is going to be somewhat similar, but the focus is going to be on the weapons.
What's also interesting, they're not using any of the Final Fantasy very typical names for classes.
Like you have Swordsman and Sorcerer, all these new types of jobs that you haven't really seen in Final Fantasy before.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Daru Daru is now called a Lalafell
which I keep saying a falafel but their name is a lalafel or something like that.
That's retarded.
I know they changed all the names which is so weird.
Just keep them the same.
Why?
Because it's a new world.
Oh, it's not a new world.
They're the exact same races.
Come on.
The characters do look slightly different but they're also saying that the difference between the races is not going to be that great but that the differences between the genders in some translation I read there'll be a lot of difference in genders.
which some people are thinking might be a throwback to the old D&D where men were typically more strength, women were typically more mind intelligence.
Kind of interesting.
That's not true at all, but okay.
I don't think it's funny to call them falafel.
Do you also have hummus as another class?
Probably.
Actually, yes.
There's a humaya or something like that is what they call human.
Why can't they just use human?
Seriously,
They're Elven, okay?
Just call them Elves.
They're not, you know, Elfen or Elefenton or whatever the hell they're calling them.
I think my friend Shane was calling them Lola Fails.
Something like that.
Because he says they don't look as cute as Taros do.
They look bigger now.
They don't look like Taros did.
Apparently they're more customizable, which would be fun.
Are they going to have male Mithras and female Galkas or whatever the fuck they're calling them?
Not yet.
Galkas are unisex, though.
Not yet.
We haven't seen anything yet, but the thought is that maybe they're just hiding them, that they might come out later.
We'll see male Mithras later on or whatever they're calling them now.
Cat people.
You say that, and I have thought this ever since.
I always think of Mithril.
I will say this though, some screenshots have come out from the game, and it looks really nice.
Like, not really a lot from in-game, but just some of the scenery and things.
And I gotta say, they've kicked up the graphics to look a lot more like Oblivion, but very colorful.
Oblivion kind of started to look very monotone after a while.
I mean, don't get me wrong, Oblivion had some beautiful graphics, but Final Fantasy XIV, they've shown some landscapes that are just very lush and colorful, and I'm very excited to see how the game looks when it comes out.
Rumor is it's going to go into beta later this year because the game's coming out 2010.
I don't know how they're going to do that when Final Fantasy XIII hasn't even been dated yet.
I think people are getting their hopes up.
I don't think this game's coming out until 2011.
I realize Squeenix is saying 2010, but come on.
How many games get delayed?
Do we trust them?
Do we really trust them?
No, I don't.
So, best case scenario, like Christmas 2010 is when you'll see this game, I think.
So...
But hey, don't get me wrong, I'm kind of excited about this game because I'm really excited at the notion that they have fixed a lot of the problems that, you know, big problems that Final Fantasy XI had, especially in regards to, you know, how long of an investment you have to make with the game each time you play it.
DarkSakura.com
and find a game that she thinks you all ought to be playing this week in DarkSakura's Classic Game of the Week.
DarkSakura, what should the kids be playing this week?
The game of the week is Panzer Dragoon Saga for the Sega Saturn.
In Japan it came out as a Zelda Panzer Dragoon RPG.
It is a role-play game that came out in 1988 for the Saturn, and it's the third game in the Panzer Dragoon series, not including Panzer Dragoon Mini that came out on Game Gear in Japan.
And it's also the only one that's not a rail shooter.
It was done by Team Andromeda and this was their last game as Team Andromeda.
So you're playing a boy named Edge who is looking...
Who's actually trying to, you know, save the world and has his own dragon and everything.
And so you play the game with real-time, with a sword, a real-time combat.
And your different interactions with the characters.
The really, really cool thing about this, though, is that...
You actually don't stay on the dragon all the time.
You can go around and explore different areas on foot.
And then you can fly around the world, you know, different places that you can get to.
You control your dragon pretty much completely.
Instead of it being predetermined like it was in the other games, you actually tell the dragon where to go and can go anywhere you want to.
Um...
You also have other commands for the dragon like breaking things and accessing doors and switches and things like that.
And your dragon has different, you know, weapons.
It's like you have lasers for your dragon.
Dragon with lasers, that's pretty cool.
Dragons with lasers?
Awesome!
Why didn't they just call the game Laser Dragons?
I probably would have checked it out when it was first out.
Well, it actually was really good.
It used a lot of dramatic camera angles.
It really had just... It was really, really a traditional RPG with some really unconventional aspects to it.
Like, for example, your in-air combat, and it wasn't necessarily turn-based.
It was real-time based.
Um...
And you have your attack, you can use items, and then you have your berserks, which are like your spells.
And then you've also got your gauges that determine where you are for your initiative, sort of like that.
Um, the other, now this is what I really liked is that, um, you could get different, um, abilities.
You could equip your dragon.
Well, it's technically, it's called morphing.
Um, they also put this in, in Panzer Dragoons, Vi, and, uh, Orda, the witch came out on Dreamcast.
Um.
You can change the dragon into all these different forms, which actually the specific thing about Saga is that you literally had hundreds of different forms that you could do.
You would affect different attributes by sort of upgrading parts of your dragon, and it would take a different appearance, have different abilities, do different things.
And it would actually change physical form as you did everything.
There were really different extreme forms based off of agility, spirit, attack, or defense.
And then it would change something within those four extremes.
You would also be able to make some unique forms by getting D units.
Um...
And then there were hidden forms.
One of them is called the Lightwing, where if you get all 12 of the D units in the game, you get the ultimate dragon pretty much.
The Lightwing has all of the special berserks and...
Saturn RPGs are...
Thank you for watching!
So, there it is.
Your classic game of the week.
Panzer Dragoon Saga on the Saturn.
And I've never really seen this game before, but especially for that era, I like the background.
It's very pretty.
It's all these dragons shooting their lasers in pretty sunsets and so forth.
The only one I could find with really good music and not a lot of talking was one of the dragon battles.
Yeah, it's kind of fun.
The game has some gorgeous music and also it's in Japanese with subtitles.
So the voice acting was actually pretty good in it too.
There's a few familiar voices.
For at least those who were anime nuts.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
They'll work fine on your PC at home.
Oh, cool.
I have one because I just wanted to try it, and it actually works with my disc games.
I have a few Saturn games because I just didn't feel like getting my Saturn out.
It works great.
Nice.
All right, well, we're going to take a break here on Orange Lounge Radio, but we're not done yet.
We've got plenty more to come.
We've got our rapid-fire news when we come back with Part B tonight, as well as some more discussion.
We've got some Guitar Hero news coming up, as well as...
Talk about that new Facebook integration with the DSi.
And PAX 09 news.
We're going to talk about all that when we come back from a quick break here on Orange Lounge Radio.
So don't go anywhere.
Stay tuned.
Welcome back everybody to more of Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, August the 9th of 2009.
Of course we do tape live on All Games Radio every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time, 9 o'clock Eastern Time.
Yes, we are back after a brief hiatus.
If you're just joining us, we talked a little bit more about that in Part A, but you will just have to download the podcast at this point, which I know was very slow in updating during our podcast, but should be back on a more regular schedule this week.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and of course their new album which I believe is called Backspacer which is kind of a weird name but okay.
It'll be available on the same day on both PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Marketplace.
September 20th is going to be the date for that.
Pac-Man Championship Edition is now also being ported to the iPhone and it makes perfect sense that they would be putting that out there.
So definitely worth checking out.
I believe it's actually coming out as Pac-Man Remix.
Oh, no.
They had one called Pac-Man Remix.
My mistake.
It is Championship Edition.
That'd be kind of cool.
That's going to suck on the iPhone because the music was awesome in the Xbox One.
I guess iPhone is an MP3 player and they've got some kick-ass tunes.
I just can't see the coolness of the Xbox 360 One being reproduced on the iPhone.
Sorry.
Had to get that out there.
We'll see.
Champions Online is actually doing something interesting with their subscription service.
Besides the monthly subscription that you can do, which would be $15 a month, I guess, you can actually purchase a six-month plan at a slightly discounted rate for $59.99.
or if you want to if you're really going to dedicate yourself to this game you can get a lifetime subscription for $199.99 so $200 $200 and I know for a lot of people that are like saying plain wow if you get a lifetime subscription for $200 that probably would have been well worth it you know when it launched so I don't know if you're really into champions online that might be the way to go
But aren't you getting also something about Star Trek Online with that too?
Yes.
That was the part that caught my eye.
Yes.
If you pre-order one of the subscription plans, you will also get access to the closed beta for Star Trek Online, which is coming out later this year.
See, I really want to play Star Trek Online, but not $200 badly, especially when I don't really know anything about Champions Online except that the series has a cult following to it.
I play Champions Offline with books and paper and dice.
Does the prospect of an online one, because that wasn't really my thing, does the prospect of an online version of that appeal to you?
Mm-hmm.
I am positive of that.
You're going to pay a lifetime subscription to one MMO.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and that was a game that came out actually came back back out in like 2005 but it has extremely retro graphics it's kind of like Metroid-ish style kind of game and it looks more like an 8-bit Nintendo game I think they say it actually is inspired by MSX if you've never seen this game before well if you've never seen the game before you will get to see it soon
La Mulana is on its way to WiiWare, which has a lot of the fans of the cult hit surprised.
Although the game will be getting some graphical upgrades, it won't really look 8-bit, but it'll look kind of more 16-bit with a little bit more hand-drawn art is the look they're going for.
So it should be kind of fun.
RockBand.com now runs an instrument compatibility chart.
Thank you for watching!
and Rock Revolution which I thought was interesting they also put in their compatibility chart as well with the Rock Revolution drums and so forth if you're curious just briefly well you can look at this at rockband.com slash compatibility you get the whole chart but it actually looks like most of the instruments are compatible with all the games at this point
The only things you're going to run into is you're going to run into problems with some of the rock band paraphernalia in Guitar Hero 2 and Guitar Hero 3 on the Xbox 360.
And drums are all pretty cross compatible unless you own the Rock Revolution drums.
They just don't work with rock band games.
But if you want the confidence that your instruments will work with the Beatles rock band, here's some good news for you.
Beatles rock band...
will run on every single instrument will run with Beatles Rock Band as well as Rock Band 2.
The only thing that doesn't work with Rock Band 2 Rock Revolution drums.
Same thing with Beatles Rock Band.
Like anyone bought Rock Revolution anyway.
It's cheap now, even with the drums.
I guess it's true.
You can find an unloaded one.
Anyhow, one other one.
Quick follow-up to a story previously talked about on Orange Lounge Radio.
Brutal Legend had its lawsuit settled, and the game will be released in October.
Double Fine Productions did reach a settlement with Activision over the game.
Rumors are saying that Activision got the shorter end of the stick in that deal, but details of the arrangement were not yet disclosed.
But the game will be coming out in October.
So get ready to rock, those of you that were looking forward to Brutal Legend.
That was a really messy situation because there was countersuits and all this other garbage.
Yuck.
Well, how about some UK Virtual Console news?
What actually was going to be coming out is Revenge of Shinobi for Mega Drive for the Genesis over here.
It will be coming out for...
800 Nintendo Points.
And on WiiWare, there's Bonsai Barber, which is a tree sculpting and painting game.
It's actually running a business doing both of those.
And that's 1,000 points.
And then there will be a bunch of city maps for DS City Transport Map Volumes 1 and 2.
There will be...
Um, Paris, Dublin, Rome, Madrid, and Lisbon, and then there will be London, Amsterdam, um, Moscow, Berlin, and Prague, so that's pretty cool.
And that will be for 500.
Also, in other news, and this makes me a happy fangirl, is we will have Gorillaz in Rock Band.
Yay!
Where's the yay?
Yay!
Yay!
That's right.
Actually, you know, I'm not the rabid fangirl you are, but I'll download them for sure.
Definitely.
Heck yeah.
Well, there's going to be Feel Good Inc., Clint Eastwood, and Rehash for Pack 1.
And that's going to be pretty cool.
It's supposed to be out on the Rock Band Music Store this week, I believe.
Yeah, Tuesdays are usually the day those come out, right?
Exactly.
There's also going to be some other download tracks.
We get some Janis Joplin.
We get Peace of My Heart.
That's awesome.
This is going to be the best week ever for Rock Band.
We get White Rabbit.
Dude!
Jefferson fucking Airplane.
This is the greatest week ever for Rock Band.
We get Magic Bus.
Nice.
But also, for the Wii, there will be a number of songs.
Some Blink-182, Kiss.
Yeah!
Lenny Kravitz, Steve Miller Band, Weezer, Thin Lizzy.
You know that 1600 point card you got me for Christmas, Loki?
Or no, my birthday?
Yeah.
I still haven't spent it.
I think it's getting spent on all rock band crap this week.
I have to get the Gorillaz stuff.
I have to get Jefferson Airplane.
I have to.
So, look forward to that at my next rock band party.
And the other thing is that Sega is teasing us with a new RPG.
We will be able to see what it is on August 20th.
But there are a few clues, though, saying that there is going to be... It's a wooden ship wheel and a silhouette of a woman in a weird pose.
So, there's a few people who think that there's going to be a PSO.
A new fantasy czar?
Fantasy czar.
Fantasy star roleplay game.
Fantasy czar?
Fantasy czar.
That's set in the future Russia in outer space.
Nice.
No.
But this is just speculation.
They really pulled it out of some HTML code, a.k.a.
their ass.
So that's it.
Couldn't it also be Valkyria Chronicles 2 or something?
But I guess we already know about that.
Or, I'm thinking if they've got a big captain's wheel, what about Eternal Arcadia?
That was out on Dreamcast where you had the air pirate ships.
Wow, that's obscure.
That's not obscure, I have it.
Doesn't mean anything.
Folks, go look at the video of the vault on YouTube and tell me she does not have some obscure shit.
The lady pulls out a dish that came with a video game at some point, I kid you not.
Or perhaps... That's obscure.
It's a new party game collection, Sonic vs. the Somalia Pirates.
No?
Good times, good times.
No?
Very cool.
Alright.
I hate you, Spyware.
Oh yeah, that's right.
It came out as Skies of Arcadia over here or whatever.
I thought Eternal Arcadia was a better name.
Oh, now Skies of Arcadia, I've heard of that.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
I get it now.
Not obscure.
Alright, let's get back to some more gaming news, Loki.
Alright.
Um, well...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Which is interesting.
And on top of that, also Guitar Hero Van Halen this week got its full track list.
Some people are less excited about it.
Anyways, some of the tracks feature...
Jump, Hot4Teacher, Dance the Night Away, Beautiful Girls, Panama, Pretty Woman, So This Is Love, Unchained, Other artists featured in the game as well, Billy Idol, White Wedding,
3rd Eye Blind, Semi-Charmed Life, The Offspring, Pretty Fly for a White Guy Queen, I Want It All, Lenny Kravitz, Rock and Roll is Dead
Man, just when I think a song list kind of blows and I'm not really interested, they have to go in and throw in a Queen track that suddenly takes it from suck to awesome.
Which, by the way, SingStar Queen is apparently out now, and I'm surprised I don't already own it.
It's not out yet.
I thought it came out this week.
Oh yeah, that's right, they changed the date, I forgot about that.
It got bumped up or something.
Yes, it did get bumped up.
I'm waiting for it to go to the discount bin, though, because SingStar games usually end up in the discount bin in about a month.
Yeah.
So yeah, all those tracks and, you know, of course those two stories just happen to go together just because they're both Guitar Hero games and not for any other reason at all.
Of course not.
Of course not.
That would be purely hypothetical.
Uh-huh.
Now, I was in South Lake Tahoe this weekend, and at the basement of one of their casinos there, Harvey's, they have a Cabo Wabo, and that was kind of a fun place to go, because good drinks and so forth.
You know who started that?
Somebody that's missing from Guitar of Van Halen.
Exactly!
Yes.
So I was going to say, I saw some, well, I didn't see him there, but I saw someone this week that I'm not going to see in this game.
Sammy Hagar.
I was going to also say, though, that the game is scheduled to come out.
Van Halen is actually scheduled to come out December 22nd.
For most people.
That seems way pushed back from what we were originally hearing.
It is way pushed back.
Interesting.
It is interesting now, isn't it?
Hypothetically speaking.
Very interesting.
Just before Christmas.
Just before Christmas.
But Christmas will come early for some.
For some.
Guitar Hero Faithful.
Yes.
Perhaps.
Hypothetically.
Hypothetically.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
The same thing with your cell phone.
It's the same thing, but with your DSi.
You basically just, you know, instead of your cell phone, it's your DSi.
But since the DSi has all the picture altering modes on it where you can draw and have the borders and all the, you know, weird distortion pictures, you can upload those pictures too, which I guess you can't really do yourself.
Yeah, I know.
I mean, honestly, it's the same functionality you'd find in a cell phone, which, you know, whatever.
Okay.
More ways to upload pictures of what I'm doing on my Facebook, I guess.
Not something that has me bouncing off the walls, but I can see where some people find this cool.
Especially if you don't have a decent camera on your cell phone.
Or you like to edit pictures.
As somebody on my Facebook loves to do, because all the pictures he's posted of himself are all, like, drawn on and mirrored imaged and all just distorted.
Yeah.
But hey, have fun with it.
That's what DSI is about, having fun, right?
Is there anything else they could really do with Facebook integration and the DSI?
I mean, I'm kind of glad it's just this.
I wouldn't want to see Facebook saying, so-and-so is now playing Pokemon.
So-and-so just stopped playing Pokemon.
Because I would block those posts from Facebook so fast.
I mean, is there a lot of other integration?
The only other possibly cool thing I can think of is an interactive high score board.
You see this with Bejeweled Blitz and some of the other games.
So and so just beat your high score.
Click here to try and beat it.
One thing I do like about Facebook is if you find that shit annoying, there's always a hide button.
And you can block any application and all that stuff.
Facebook used to be a lot worse, but it got a lot better.
Just curious if anyone else thinks there might be something cool they can add to Facebook.
DarkSakura.com
I blocked it.
I blocked Farm Town.
The only thing that I play on there are these retarded quizzes and the pet thing, Pet Society.
I will admit, I play Bejeweled Blitz, I play Sorority Life, I'm level 47, thank you very much, and I play Farm Town now.
My boyfriend got me addicted to Farm Town, which in reality, it really is kind of one of the dumbest fucking games, but you know what, it's something that Jeff really enjoys to do, so I play it to kind of have a friendly competition with him, although he's so much more addicted than I am.
But I told him if he likes Farm Town, he really needs to play Animal Crossing sometime, because I think that would be right up his alley.
Anyhow, enough about casual Facebook games.
Let's talk about more video games, DarkSakura.
Well, we might have some other video game news.
How about Braid?
Braid is actually going to PlayStation Network, finally.
It's supposed to be... Actually looking for... No, they don't have a...
A date on it yet, but they are saying, though, that hopefully it will be out soon, I guess.
It seems like a little late.
I mean, didn't this game come out like a year and a half ago or something?
I mean, maybe it wasn't that long ago, but at least a year ago, right?
Yeah.
It seems like it's kind of late for this game to come on PlayStation Network.
I mean, I guess, you know...
Wherever people want to play the game, let them.
And let the designers make their money, however.
But it just seems like this game's on Xbox, this game's on PC.
Is there really going to be that big of a demand for it on PSN?
I have no interest in rebuying the game, that's for sure.
Yeah, but there's people who have PS3s that don't have an Xbox 360.
Although a good number of them have wised up and picked one up since.
or have a PC that they could download the game on but I guess not everybody likes to game on PC I would be more interested in this if there was like more levels or something but I just to be honest I don't see how you could do that in a game like Braid without kind of dumbing it up because one thing that makes Braid pretty cool is the storyline which is very finely contained to those episodes I don't see how you could have like a bonus stage or anything like that I think it is what it is and new costumes and stuff isn't going to be enough that's for sure
I don't know.
I think they just integrated it into some games, you know how they have voice chat in certain games, like I think Pokemon games and stuff like that, you can do voice chat with the DS.
I think that's what it came down to, because it was just a tech demo.
Hmm.
And that's what some folks in chat are saying.
It's called Pokemon Voice Chat.
Yeah, probably because the DS isn't that powerful.
I mean, shit, it can't really run a web browser that well without an expansion card in it.
It has no real RAM in it.
I mean, it has a few megs of RAM, but that's about it.
I would think it would be very tough for it to process that kind of stuff, but...
I don't know.
I'm very interested to see what Nintendo's next handheld is going to be like.
And I bet we see it in about three years.
I'm very curious to see.
Maybe even two.
I'm kind of curious to see if they power it up a little bit.
It'll be GameCube graphics.
We'll see.
It makes sense.
It's the progression.
That's true.
That's true.
I wouldn't mind like a portable type F-Zero.
That's for sure.
It'd be fun.
StarCraft 2 has been officially delayed to 2010 and that makes a lot of people sad and you won't be able to buy the trilogy
Bioshock 2 Delayed 2010
Well, they want to announce a lot of games.
It's just not already.
Well, they figured out that lumping everything into the fourth quarter, first off, they're going to have trouble meeting their deadlines.
And two, it just gets buried under everything that comes out.
And a lot of people are probably scared of Modern Warfare 2 because they don't want to release a game out around the same time because it'll just get ignored.
And...
I don't know.
I'm kind of glad that less stuff is coming out.
But at the same time, I think a lot of these games that they were announcing and stuff like Kane and Lynch 2 and stuff like that, I'm not surprised it's being moved to next year because I don't know.
They just weren't ready yet.
Hmm.
All right.
Well, hey, at Penny Arcade Expo 2009, you're going to get to play a game that's not ready yet, but only if you are one of the lucky ones selected to play in the Omegathon.
The game Halo 3 ODST is going to show up in round three of Penny Arcade Expo 2009's Omegathon.
The other games, Mario Kart Wii is round one's game.
Round two is Bookworm Adventures.
Round 4 will be an unnamed rhythm game.
They don't know what game it is yet, but speculation is that it could be something that's not out yet, like Rock Band Beatles or DJ Hero.
And round 5 will be Connect 4.
The final round, as always, is a mystery game that will probably be either something new or something really old.
So like Epic Pong type of thing.
They've already done that.
What were the games they did last year?
I don't even remember the Momagathon stuff from past.
I think Combat was one year.
I remember that.
Combat was one year.
Pong was one year.
They did Halo 3 one year.
I don't remember what was last year.
I think we were broadcasting versus Excitebike was the last game last year.
That's right.
I remember now.
so by the way speaking of Penny Arcade Expo sadly it looks like no one from OLR is going Loki obviously is not going to be able to go DarkSakura has not been planning on going I was kind of on the fence right now I'm a real heavy no on PAX if something comes up like a really great opportunity in the next few days then I'll change my mind but right now there's just so much other stuff going on I just think there's other stuff I can do besides Penny Arcade Expo which is kind of sad because I certainly would like to see the listeners up there and so forth but I'll just have to try again next year
Someone wants to pay for me, I'll go.
Sadly, I don't think that's going to happen.
Actually, I'm starting school.
And here's the other thing.
I am still aiming for, and this should be clear, the one big reason I'm not going to PAX this year is because I am still definitely set on going unless something happens to PAX Boston next year, which I know is weird because I'm on the West Coast, but I do want to go visit the East Coast.
I've never been to Boston.
I want to go.
I'm looking at that.
Thanks for watching!
uh yeah that's that's my plan you know again if something developed like if if there's this huge opportunity for OLR all games that I've heard but I haven't even heard if they're going to be broadcasting again this year or anything I think Bobby was heading all that up last year and I think he's trying to do something for at least his show this year
I am still hoping for PAX Boston.
We'll see.
Thanks for watching!
I do want to go again.
That's part of the reason why I'm trying so hard to go in Boston, because then it won't only be like OMG PAX, but OMG I'm also in Boston, which I've never been to before, and I have friends there, so cool.
All right, what we're going to do now is we're going to take a trip to our e-mail bag, and I'm sure the mail bag is busting at the seams this week because we haven't been on in a little while.
I don't know.
I think it's just average size.
DarkSakura, what are you doing over there?
You've got a dude standing in his underwear on The Sims.
What are you doing?
It's a bathing suit.
He's in a Speedo.
Oh, I see.
See, look.
It looks like Tidy Whitey's from back here.
Well, I think that they were based off the same model, but I see.
Wait, this doesn't answer the question, though.
Another black.
What are you doing designing a naked dude?
He's not naked.
Half naked.
I'm just putting him in something to go swimming in.
You should have seen what I had him in.
Here, here's what I had him in before.
This makes for great radio.
Sorry.
I had him in these little short things before.
That's what he was in before.
Oh, okay.
He can stay in those fine.
No, I don't care.
I just think it's funny that I look over there and then suddenly, yes, it's Marisa Congusto in chat says banana hammock.
But the problem is, is that I changed out the default skin.
So he's like extra buff now.
So, and besides that, the underwear is better.
Alright, let's go to the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeZonesRadio.com if you want to send us some emails.
So, the first email.
I'm trying to go in chronological order, but this comes from...
Okay, I'm really not going to read the explanation of the guy's name.
So, I apologize for fucking up your last show.
I accidentally sent all my contacts that message.
Do not hate me.
I hate spam too and my email is filled with spam.
As for the Skype shit, I was using my PSP on a horrible connection.
I'm in the market for a computer.
This is Juan, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
I remember reading this.
Okay, that's who it is.
Fuck Windows Vista.
Do you know any good operating systems?
Yes, Linux Mint, it's free Windows 7 is going to be better than Vista Linux Mint is better than it all
Next, and he sent a couple by accident, so I am just going to read the one that looked like it made the most sense.
Hey, OLR, I wanted to say that almost all the game purchases I've made, I've recently made, have either been talked about or recommended on your show, and I love them all.
So thank you for that, but this email actually does have a purpose, and it is this.
Since I'm only 13, I wasn't exactly well alive...
for the now old school gaming and I would like to expand my gaming horizon and start to include some old school stuff.
So I was just wondering if you guys had a good starter console for someone like me.
Thanks guys, Mike V.
13 years old?
13.
Dude, I think we have a listener that claims to be our youngest listener at 14.
I think he just got beat.
Sorry, dude.
Just pick up one of those used, I would say, you have the Famicom NES systems that are kind of third-party now that you can pick up.
Pick up one of those.
Go to one of your used game shops.
Or even, I was reading, there's a lot of people that found pretty good deals at thrift stores and stuff.
You can find some old consoles.
I actually found discontinued games at thrift stores.
Like, I found, of all things, Casey's Crazy Chase and Casey Munchkin for the Odyssey 2.
Wow.
At a thrift store.
Or, you know, DarkTetsuyu makes a good point.
Get the Wii.
Or the Virtual Console.
It's a pretty faithful recreation of the original stuff.
Honestly, and I can't believe this kid's 13.
I feel so old because that means I would have been 18 when he was born.
Oh my god.
but Super Nintendo if you missed out honestly Super Nintendo I don't think has ever been beaten in terms of great consoles Super Nintendo was the best gaming console purely 100% game console Super Nintendo was the best gaming console they ever made if you're going to start anywhere I say start there
Actdeft, Drew,
Super Nintendo did have a few better versions like Super Street Fighter 2 I thought was better on Super Nintendo.
The other, and this is of course just for sampling purposes, you know, disclaimer, disclaimer, disclaimer, you can always try GameTap or, you know, Zofar's domain.
But I actually, the Wii's going to be your best bet.
You know, you can sample the Genesis world, the TurboGrafx world, Neo Geo, you know, go that way.
VALVe
The Steam Clan.
They don't have a lot of old school stuff.
But they have the old PC stuff that we played.
Some of it.
Some of the old LucasArts stuff.
I'll give you that.
I just downloaded Loom for $5.
I'll give you that.
I still want to go buy the TurboGrafx version that's $35 at a local store.
But, hey.
And if you want a list of actual games, go ahead and sample the different systems.
See what you think.
It would help to know what kind of games you're into.
Are you liking the old school RPGs?
Are you liking the very simple things?
The RPGs, you're going to want to go with the SNES.
80s arcade games were very much all about repetition.
Look at some of the greatest video games of all time that came out of the 80s.
Pac-Man.
That board never freaking changed the whole time.
Until it degraded.
Donkey Kong.
Basically a loop of the same, what, three screens, right?
Three with the Pie Factory.
With the Pie Factory that isn't in the Nintendo one.
Play the one with the Pie Factory or you're not really playing Donkey Kong.
Play to a kill screen.
Yeah.
Be what's-his-face.
Billy what's-his-face.
Yeah.
You know what?
That's what I'd like to see our young 13-year-old listener accomplish.
Make it a life goal to beat some of these scores on these 80s games.
Atari 2600 Atari 2600 Atari 2600
Next email, and this one is a bit long, okay?
I don't know anyone like that, do I?
Tease, tease, tease.
I assume this is an older neighbor then.
I continually remind him that the Beatles are a band, not the second coming of Christ, and that he needs to get over it.
Ultimately, the decision of whether or not the game gets made lies with the band, the copyright owners of their music and EA, and really, he has zero say.
All he can do is decide whether or not to buy the game.
I tell him that even though the band may enjoy...
Enjoy playing music.
Ultimately, they, as well as just about any band out there, have three goals.
Become famous, become rich, and get laid.
I don't think so.
You need to remember this, too.
And this is something to tell your neighbor.
Is that at E3, let's not forget, Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, Yoko Ono, and George Harrison's wife.
Sorry, I forget her name.
They all came out on stage in support of this game.
Yeah.
So, the end.
Sorry.
Yeah, tell your neighbor that.
I asked him that if he were in the Beatles, would he have turned down buttloads of money the EA was shelling out to make the game?
Every time he tries to say he would have, I outright call on the bullshit answer.
Well, you know, there are people who actually are really talented musicians who are in bands for the purpose of
Thank you for watching!
Great comments from Shaq, and I read these real quick, because Marissa Congusto has a great comment.
My opinion being, the Beatles rock band is not consistent with their image or message, but if it creates new fans, cool.
And, yeah, especially when we talk about, you know, generation and, you know, this whole thing, you know, certainly the 13-year-old who emailed us before was...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
At any rate, though, I don't think that... I think it's a generalization to say that people get in a band to be famous, rich, and get laid.
Seriously.
I think that the first thing, and this is honestly...
I've done things with groups before, like I was in a jazz band.
I played in a jazz band.
We didn't get paid for shit.
They maybe gave us some gas money, but we did it because it was something that we loved to do.
You like getting the crowd into it, knowing that you're evoking that emotional response and the people that you're performing for.
I think that's a big thing.
It's a massive adrenaline rush.
I think that the people who I think have had staying power are the people that love what they do in the end.
That's honestly what I think.
Yeah, usually these bands that are created to get laid are the ones that break up after one album.
Yeah.
Next area here.
This may be old news to the three of you, but for the sake of other listeners, I thought I'd throw this out there, especially for those who own both the 360 as well as the PS3.
Apparently, if you have an external HDD formatted in FAT32 with miscellaneous media on it, music photos, whatever, the HDD will work on both systems.
This does not mean you can play system specific DLC or downloadable games on the other system.
It just means that you can use the other media on both systems.
I discovered that my external hard drive worked on my 360 last weekend shortly after the last show.
Typically, I use them on my PS3.
Finally, as per usual, every time I hear that as per usual, it makes me think of Eddie Izzard.
We've left you a huge fuck-off horse, as per usual!
Sorry.
I thought I'd end this email with some of my visual recommendations from the video section of the PSN store.
This week, I have three recommendations.
Season 1 of the original Transformers series from the 80s.
Woohoo!
Basilisk, an anime series taking place in feudal Japan and centers around two warring clans of assassins and Voltron seasons 1, 2, 3, 7, and 8.
Okay.
That's 4, 5, and 6.
In limbo.
With these selections, you can't go wrong.
Zarkon ate them.
As they are all pretty good.
Thank you for taking the time to read this lengthy email.
It's appreciated.
This email is brought to you by Florida, the limp wangus of America.
Who's that from?
Spazinator.
Is that it or we got more?
Actually, I have to point out something that Becky just told me.
The band that was formed mostly to get laid was Poison and they were very successful.
That guy's still getting laid.
Seriously.
Good point.
He has a whole VH1 reality show around getting laid.
This comes, um, okay.
I originally intended this message to be, um, a Rob, I miss you and wow type of thing.
And then I came to the website to see the OLRs temporarily, I hope, on hiatus.
Say it ain't so.
I guess there's just a good reason and I hope that things are well with everyone.
Guess I'll have to wait and see.
Oh, and Rob, I do miss seeing you and wow.
Maybe we can play together again sometime.
Your old pally, ghoulie, nin, nin tinctus?
99.
Oh.
Some of us called her for short.
Oh, I see.
It's 99 cents without vowels.
Yep.
Okay.
Um, yeah, you know, I have my reasons for leaving WoW, and I'm sure we'll all come across each other in the next MMO.
I'll be in Final Fantasy XIV for sure.
For sure, no doubt.
At least when it first comes out, I'm gonna have to play it for the first month, just to see.
Whether it goes beyond that, I don't know.
Just, you know, WoW, I think I just finally, you know, you play something for so long, you just finally, like, I just don't have it in me anymore.
So...
Rob with two B's, our dear friend who always links me to informative articles, linked a couple that were on game politics.
One of them saying that video games are blamed for low vitamin D in children.
Because they're not going out in the sun enough?
I would suppose so.
How funny.
And one is saying that screen time may lead to high blood pressure.
I think that really it's more, for the high blood pressure, I would really think that it's more of the
Not getting out and getting enough exercise sort of thing.
And also low vitamin D. It's exactly like you said, kids aren't getting enough sunlight.
But I was actually watching on Oprah of all things.
And I don't watch Oprah, but it was on in the waiting room of the hospital when I was going to get my stitches removed.
Is that most people, especially in America and in big cities, are very vitamin D deficient because of sunblock.
I actually am not allowed to use sunblock because I am very vitamin D deficient myself.
I have to use sunblock.
I'll have to take supplements or something if I'm lacking it.
What they say is that everyone should have 15 minutes of unfiltered sunlight.
15 minutes a day.
I can handle that if I wear a hat.
DarkSakura.com
But that's only when I'm going to be out all day, like Disneyland or Great America.
It's just dumb not to do that.
The way that vitamin D is formed in our bodies is the synthesis is made with vitamin A and UV radiation.
Sunlight.
Wow, this is incredibly interesting.
Not.
I'm kidding.
What are we talking about?
I'm sorry.
I wasn't paying attention.
Vitamins.
Like breakfast cereal.
That's why you eat Special K because you get lots of vitamins in it, remember?
Drink fortified milk.
Eat your Wheaties.
I would love to drink the vitamin D milk.
You can, by the way, supplement with vitamin D and eat more fish.
Wait, what are the vitamins, since I'm going to ask totally tangentially, that you can get too much of?
Like C, you can never get enough vitamin C. Like, you know, if you get too much, you go peep.
You peep it out.
You pee it out.
Does that work with B12 and D and some of these other ones?
Or is there a limit?
I know zinc has a dangerous limit.
Your minerals will have a limit.
Iron, zinc, and all that.
With vitamins, actually, you can have an overdose of niacin, but it takes a long time to build up.
Beta carotene turns your skin orange.
I did that when I was two.
True story.
When I was two years old, my parents had me to the ER because I was orange.
What was your name in the Partridge family?
Susan Day?
I was watching a special about the Partridge family that...
Come on, get happy.
She ate so many carrots because that's all she ate that she had a buildup of beta-carotene in her system.
But you know the yellow rice that they pass out internationally is actually beta-carotene fortified because of deficiencies in those areas, so...
I'm just saying, there's just certain, you know me, even though I may not always She's not a doctor, don't take her advice.
I'm a big nutrition nerd.
Even if I don't even follow my own advice all the time, I still know it.
I worked at GNC like freaking forever.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
To put it in perspective to a non-game player, the claims are also stating these two things are also caused by video games.
One, playing video games reduces incidence of skin cancer.
That's back to the sun.
Playing video games reduces bike, skateboard, and pedestrian injuries.
Well, duh.
It sounds even worse when you talk about the benefits of video games.
Benefits in quotes.
It points out that the events, playing video games, and ailments vary independently of each other.
Silly pseudoscientists.
It's just a bunch of ridiculousness.
Also, playing video games gives you a rash.
Kidding.
Itchy.
Last email.
Hey, OLR crew.
Hey!
I was just saying hey.
Hey!
AZHP here.
I got a joke for you.
What does a cow eat?
Hey!
No, what do gay horses eat?
Hey!
Alright, read the damn email.
I'll put the mic down, I promise.
Okay.
See, you heard it.
That was Rob putting down the mic.
ACHP here.
First of all, I'm glad that... Where's the duct tape?
Let's just tape his hands together.
First of all, I'm glad that my last email warranted a gold star.
Now, I doubt this one will earn similar acclaim, but I want to relate to you all briefly a synopsis of the way way off-Broadway DDR musical I came across on the internet.
What? !
and hopefully it will distribute all as much as it did me.
Well, it got a let from me.
Stop me if you've heard this one.
Long story short, there's a guy named Moonbeam Funk, which I actually misread as Moonbeam Fuck first, who carries around a fetus in a jar on his belt and starts a dance revolution in a city where dancing is prohibited.
He is joined by a small child named Small Child and Small Child's prostitute sister Trampling Sally.
Moonbeam is about to unleash a dance move called the Flaming Rooster, but it is stopped by policemen who wear kilts.
The Revolution disbands, Moonbeam Funk leaves, and comes back later to have sex with Trampoline Sally after performing The Flaming Rooster.
Kills her during sex, and ends up in a catastrophic level 9 dance-off.
See what they did there?
Ordered by a judge where he faces off against Jacquees, who loved Trampoline Sally but had his legs broken by the police.
However, Trampoline Sally's ghost gives Jacquees dancer juice, and he wins despite having broken legs.
Okay, I can't take it.
There's one sentence left.
Then Moonbeam Funk returns to his home planet using gravity shoes.
You can't make this stuff up.
This is somewhere between camp that they know is camp and the most pretentious goddamn modern art bullshit I've ever heard of in my life.
Remember they made a DDR movie one time in Japan?
Whatever.
Stop trying to make a movie out of DDR.
They are all stupid.
Yeah, Dance Dance Fuck was the movie they made in Japan.
No, it wasn't.
There's more.
I remember that.
Sorry, I just remembered how hilarious that movie was.
Now, while this may still sound like the best musical ever, bullshit, the one thing it could do to ruin itself more than it already had, it did.
They didn't use Taku.
They didn't use B4U.
They didn't use, oh, just name the Bumani artists.
They didn't use them.
No, they used DDR Disney's rave music.
Yes, Zippity-Doo-Dah and Chim-Chim-Cherry and Night of Fire.
I left out a lot of things, but you can check out the article at vjarmy.com I'm actually going to put it in the chat room, but it's vjarmy.com slash archives slash 2008 slash 12 slash bucketoftears.php
And that's all separated by an underscore.
For details.
The best word I can think of to describe this play, or at least what it sounds like, is gay-tarded.
I mean, that's really what it sounds like.
Like, you know, you don't want to say that's gay because that's offensive.
You don't want to say that's retarded because that's actually really offensive too.
So I'm going to make up a new word that, so when it's a new word, it wouldn't be offensive to either group.
I still like my word.
What?
Butt-tard.
Butt-tard?
Butt-tard.
I've been using that for years.
I'm going to say gay-tarded.
So this play sounds completely gay-tarded is what it sounds like.
I just – I can't fathom paying money.
Like how much – like New York City Theater can sometimes be expensive.
Like how much money do they want for this?
I don't know.
Wow.
I mean, anybody can do theater.
It looks like the farts that bugs that live in poop make.
That's pretty nasty.
Hopefully this email isn't too long to make it to the show because I think a lot of old fans of DDR will get a laugh or at least a facepalm out of this.
I got both.
Long live DDR EZHP.
Thank you, Ranma.
The tickets were $20, says Ranma.
No thank you.
That's $20 I could spend on like
Don't do drugs, kids.
Winners don't use drugs, folks.
Unless you're on steroids and are on the Chinese swim team.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you would like to send us an email.
And the folks in chat are pointing out it's way off-Broadway, as in way, way, way off-Broadway.
Like, it's in Staten Island.
That's how far off-Broadway it is, okay?
I don't know if that's true or not.
All right, a couple more stories for you guys, and then your calls on the Skype line at 877-GAME-OLR.
Loki.
Yes.
So Red Faction Grill is getting a brand new expansion that's going to actually...
Wrecking Crew Mode
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
or deposits on the mini-map and support for upcoming download content as well.
And then other fixes they've done, just some other glitches that they were running into, you know, drops in multiplayer and certain ties not being recorded in leaderboards and whatnot.
So overall, just, you know, a pretty nice update.
But, um...
Thanks for watching!
I always like blowing things up.
That's kind of fun.
Saints Row set on Mars.
That's a really good way of describing it.
Well, I don't know if it's exactly like Saints Row, but it's the same developer and it's that open world kind of feel to it.
I think it's a little bit more linear, this game, but it looks fun.
Interesting.
I like the idea of just blowing things up.
But when I hear Wrecking Crew mode, I also can't help but think of the old school 8-bit game Wrecking Crew.
Remember that?
It was crap.
Woot Explosion, says Misty in chat.
Absolutely.
Alright, let's...
Go on to one more story here tonight, and then we're going to open up our Skype lines at 877-GAME-OLR.
And this story has to do with porn.
That's right.
DDM.TV, it's a company out of Japan.
They are going to be bringing on-demand, Blu-ray quality HD adult movies to the PlayStation 3.
Woo-hoo!
Console war's over.
That's right, didn't I say that the system that gets porn first would win?
No, that was HD DVD and Blu-ray, wasn't it?
I don't remember.
Even I don't remember what I said on this damn show like two or three years ago.
The problem with that is they adopted both.
That's true.
Anyway, you do have to have a broadband connection, an HDMI cable, of course, if you want the high def, and, of course, a PlayStation 3.
You will download the movies for a fee.
You go onto this DMM.TV Blu-ray website, and then you can search for titles by actress, keyword, what have you.
So if you've ever wanted to see Yuma Asami and the 100 Masturbators, there you go.
You can watch that on PlayStation 3 in full.
High Definition, congratulations.
Now, what's kind of interesting about that, it sounds like they kind of bypassed Sony somehow.
It sounds like you're logging into their website and downloading them to your PS3 or something.
Isn't that what it sounds like to you?
This can't be sponsored by Sony.
This must be using the web browser and some type of backdoor or something.
Pun intended.
It might be downloading video files to your PS3 or something like that.
Or downloading them to your PC so you can watch them on your PS3.
I don't know.
Maybe, I don't know, maybe they're more liberal about that stuff over there, though.
Who knows?
VidPower calls this 1080p-ness.
God, I love the listeners.
But don't they blur it out in Japanese porn?
At least all the ones I've ever seen.
Of course, I always saw the funny ones, like Final Fuck X and all that, where they did blur it out.
Yeah, they're all blurred out.
Unless it's softcore, it's just all the VagP and stuff gets blurred out SSJ100 Matt says, all we get on the Xbox 360 are three flashing red nipples We got a bunch of comedians tonight Oh god, this is awful, I'm reading that article by the way D5T is calling dot fuck, apparently Instead of dot hack, there's a porn called dot fuck That's funny
Oh my gosh.
All right.
You know what?
Whatever.
Something I think... I don't know.
Do I want to go on a tangent?
Why not?
We have plenty of time.
We're going to be opening up the Skype line soon anyway.
Something to remember...
Everybody has sex.
That's how we get here, okay?
Granted, I realize that some people define themselves as asexual, which means you don't really care for sex, but I'm still assuming that at one point or another, you've tried it.
So, everybody has sex.
So, what's the big deal?
At some point, I mean, if you're the 13-year-old listening, you should not be having sex yet.
Although, according to Oprah, you probably already are.
You know what?
And why am I watching Oprah?
Actually, that same episode that I watched says that people should get laid three times a week for better health.
You know what?
I don't have a problem admitting on the show I was 20.
So, you know, by Oprah, I would be a late bloomer.
And I know there's people that wait even longer than that.
Some people 30, 35, 40.
I was 32.
That's fine, but I'm saying at some point, this is not a spiel about virginity.
My spiel is about everybody has sex or thinks about having sex.
So, why is porn such a big taboo, big deal thing?
I mean, you know, they should just get over it and put porn there.
We're in a country that was founded by Puritans.
Because they have a hundred masturbators in that film.
And that's just way too much masturbating.
And besides, you own a PS3 if you're interested in this.
Therefore, you have access to the internet.
Therefore, you have access to YouPorn and many other porn alternatives that are free.
Why would you pay for porn when you can get it for free?
Giovedea in chat says I was 21 my cousin is almost 25 and she's still a virgin nothing wrong with that but she probably thinks about it I mean she probably still thinks that doesn't mean she doesn't think about having sex doesn't mean she hasn't never seen a porn
And I can tell you it was awful
Did somebody at some point look at one of the girls and go, How you doing?
No, unfortunately, no, they didn't.
But the woman's name was Monica instead of Monica.
Because, of course, they have to do that.
I love porn parodies so much.
They're so funny.
I still like the one, the Ally McFeel one.
I liked Beaver and Buttface.
That was...
I haven't seen that one.
They have Office.
Seriously, all the TV shows now are parodies.
Scrubs, The Office, Star Trek.
Best line I've ever heard in a porno was in Beaver and Buttface.
I think I'm going to cum or something.
That's awful.
Porn Lounge Radio
You know what?
It's been a few weeks.
We have a lot of pissed up energy.
What can we say?
What's on your mind tonight?
Yeah, I can see that.
Before I start, Loki, just because the porn is free doesn't mean it's that good.
Just so you know.
You're just not looking hard enough.
I look more than my fair share, okay?
I look more than anybody else in the chat room, okay?
But, um...
The reason why I called is to make a comment about the whole Best Buy price matching thingamabobber here.
Yeah, pretty much deals don't make their money.
How so?
Alright, I used to work for Best Buy and the discounts at the time were great.
5% above retail cost.
They paid for it.
I bought
A cable for my PS2 that retailed for $9.99, I paid $1.72 for it.
Interesting.
I mean, even if they take a $5 loss off the games, they're still going to make the money back off of the accessories on the games, accessories for the consoles.
Accessories for Home Theater, Electronics
Xbox 360 game is $48 their cost.
And they may get it cheaper.
It's roughly the high 40s, though, is what they're paying for.
And, yes, there is a markup there.
And, yeah, if they drop it down $5, they're not really losing a lot of money.
So, I mean, they could do it.
And it's definitely possible.
And accessories also, yes, there's a higher margin on accessories, about 20% on average, if not more than that.
But...
Yeah, I mean, I guess there is, they won't really be losing out a lot.
But it could get ridiculous, especially if they're dropping the prices, you know, of used games at GameStop or whatever, and they continually do this.
I don't know.
I don't see this program being very successful.
I mean, it's going to be successful, but not their benefit, I guess.
Well, it depends.
I mean, if they do this, they probably won't be having to do their fire sales that they have on games like every eight or nine months, give or take.
I guess we'll see.
Do you really think, though, they're going to expand it past this Utah store?
I mean, part of me just kind of thinks it's wishful thinking.
Honestly, I don't think so.
And if they do, it probably won't hit New York City.
Case in point, back in March, they had this massive blowout sale on anime.
50% off.
First thing I did was I hit all the stores in New York City to see if I can find it.
None of the stores in the five boroughs were participating.
I had to have friends go find the titles I was looking for out in Jersey, Connecticut, and so forth.
That's right.
Something we sometimes forget is that stores can usually opt out of these types of promotions that they don't necessarily have to participate.
Very interesting.
Any other thoughts to share with our listeners tonight, Ranma?
Thank you very much for the call, Ranma.
No problem.
Take care, fellas.
Love you, Jamie.
You too.
Bye-bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR Use name on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hello?
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Uh, Deathwishing.
Hi, Deathwishing.
We can hear the speakers a little bit.
Might want to turn them down.
What's on your mind?
Yeah, sorry.
It's okay.
We'll forgive you this once.
What's up?
Um, well, thanks for, like, making me not be able to sleep tonight with all the porn talk.
Hey, you're welcome.
That's what we do here.
Scarring listeners for life.
Hey, look, we've got, like, three weeks to make up for it.
I don't know, but did you guys hear about how they're raising prices on, like, Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 and, like, Britain and stuff from what I heard?
I haven't heard about this.
I've been a little bit out of the loop since our hiatus.
I think they're doing it here also because I think they did.
No, it's still $60.
I pre-ordered normally collector's editions for like $70 and this time it was like $80.
Not all collector's editions are $70 either.
I saw they're raising the price way up and it's just like
I don't know, kind of not right.
And people care about this, but no one gave a crap about the Wii version of Guitar Hero being $10 more here.
Wasn't one of the Halo limited editions like $40 or $50 more than the regular?
It was way up there.
The legendary one.
The one that came with the cat suit.
Well, yeah, but this is all... Look at the collector's edition for Modern Warfare.
I mean, that's like $200.
Yeah, this is true.
And also...
Also, I picked up Chromehounds.
Ah yes, the old school mech game that dates back to when the 360 first came out and Loki was a big fan of this game.
Everyone should pick it up.
What do you like about Chromehounds?
I've been seeing these ingenious designs people make of mechs.
So far I made one where now I can't be hit directly.
It's not crap.
Shut up.
I wanted to get it because it was like, you know, Armored Core, and then I just got tired of Armored Core altogether, so I don't know.
The problem with the game was it was too slow.
It was just like, you know, Armored Core is very quick and it's a mech fighting game very similar to Chromehounds, but it's a lot faster.
It's a lot more faster paced.
Chromehounds is just slow, slow, slow.
What type of person did you play, huh?
Well, I played a four-legged mech.
That's why.
Four legs are slow.
Well, I wanted a lot of weapons on there.
You could have used chicken legs.
The most important thing to Loki is firepower.
Clearly.
I mean, I've never even watched him play Chromehounds, but I could just tell from knowing Loki.
Not necessarily.
It was trying to be more all-around.
That's what I was trying to do, but you can't be all-around.
You've got to specialize either close-up or far away.
You've just got to kind of figure out your strategy before you build.
Okay.
WellDeathWishing, anything else you want to share with the listeners tonight?
Will you guys buy me Marvel vs. Capcom 2, please?
Uh, no, we're broke.
I don't even own it myself.
You can come to my house and play it on Dreamcast.
No, Xbox.
Yeah, you could probably get it cheaper on Dreamcast these days.
But no online play.
You kids and your online play!
I'll tell you what, when Capcom sends us redemption codes for the game, we will send you the first one we get.
How's that sound?
Yay?
There you go.
Have a good one, Deathwishing.
Bye-bye.
Capcom, if you're listening, you can send those to care of Rob Roberts.
Hey, Rob.
Hey, I haven't even reduced it.
There's another call online.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Legend of Zaku.
Hey, Legend of Zaku.
Have you checked out the DDR play yet?
Um, which one?
The one that aired last winter?
No, the one with, what the hell is this?
The one that made no fucking sense whatsoever that sounded like a bunch of pretentious bullshit.
The one with Moonbeam Punk.
Where DDR really has nothing to do with it, honestly.
Yeah, that's the one I was referring to because that one was actually late last year.
Did you see it?
Unfortunately, no.
I actually didn't get the chance to buy tickets.
I actually sold out a lot quickly than I expected.
I mean, it was shocking to say the least.
The fact that it sold out for the first few days, it was really hard to get even Will Call for that matter.
Was Tom Cruise in it or something?
Why did so many people want to see this?
I don't understand.
I guess it's because DDR.
That's
DarkSakura,
Johnny Cash, Guitar Hero 5.
From the looks of it, it looks like Activision is in a pissing match between Konami and seeing who can whore out their top franchises the farthest.
Am I hearing that you think the Johnny Cash inclusion is a bad thing?
well, many people, I mean, I'm referring to the fact that there's a lot of hostility towards the fact that they're just doing it for the sake of just milking the franchise even further
That's what I've gotten in terms of all the comments that I've read so far regarding this story.
Yeah, but it's not like there's a Guitar Hero Johnny Cash game coming out.
This is just a part of Guitar Hero 5.
Ever since the third one, you would have just random band characters show up in the game.
I've got to say, it doesn't get much cooler than Johnny Cash.
Yeah, but I think you hit it on the nail right there.
After the third one, the series pretty much went downhill.
by then Rock Band came out and the rest was history you could add as many guest appearances as many guest stars or any famous people in that game and it still wouldn't make up the fact that it's still milking the franchise Loki asked a good question did you see that Taylor Swift is in Band Hero?
Um, I heard of that game, is that the one coming out for the DS?
No, it's exactly Guitar Hero, it's just now it's with more family-friendly songs.
In other words, it's just another excuse to put out another fucking Guitar Hero game.
There you go, there you go, Loki, see?
Okay, but that's, Zaku, that's the milking of the franchise.
Putting Johnny Cash in the Guitar Hero game.
Alright, you know what I define milking the franchise?
When you have...
When you basically have all your clothes strewn around in Hot Topic.
When you're basically on cereal boxes.
When you have those little mini-games that you find right there inside the cereal boxes.
I mean, you could say the same thing for DDR, the way Konami is hoarded out with the toys in both Subway, Burger King, and to an extent...
Milk in the Franchise is not about merchandising.
Milk in the Franchise is about having five releases for the damn series in one year.
No, I'm sorry, six releases for the franchise in one year.
I can see what Zaku is saying, though, because when you play these crappy Guitar Hero games that have the Guitar Hero name on it, such as little portable things you see in Hot Topic or whatever, I don't know.
Oh yeah, that sucks too.
That kind of devalues the franchise.
It gets to the point of prevalence where it's just ad nauseum.
I mean, Rock Band keeps the whole thing consistent on the fact that you hear a diverse set of music in Rock Band.
You don't just hear nothing but all number one hits.
All you hear is just some schmuck band from nowhere getting into Rock Band versus a lot of A-listers on Guitar Hero.
Mostly A-listers.
You know, Zaku, it's not that I disagree with you that Activision's milking the shit out of their franchise.
But I don't think it's because they put Johnny Cash in the game.
That's actually the first thing in a long time I've heard out of the Guitar Hero franchise where I'm like, that's kind of cool.
I'm the devil's advocate, alright?
I mean, Johnny Cash's inclusion to Guitar Hero 5 would pretty much introduce...
and so on.
The Beatles, and it actually does a good chronology of the whole band's history.
And through their music.
Whereas Johnny Cash is just there in Guitar Hero 5, packed in together with a whole bunch of other artists.
So you don't like this because you don't think it's respectful enough.
They just kind of threw him in there.
Yeah, that's pretty much the case.
They just threw him in there to make more cash.
Now I'm following you a little better.
I get it.
So you think the milking is coming from the fact that you're just kind of like, hey, let's just reskin, let's just slap a face of a popular rock star on this and put it in our game when somebody like Johnny Cash deserves epic-style treatment.
Right, I mean, with Guitar Hero Metallica, they did it differently in that it came out to be a good game because it not only had Metallica's music, but it had a whole bunch of other metal bands that were probably personally picked by the band, for all we know.
I think it's almost the same as Beatles Rock Band in the sense that it wouldn't do any chronology to the band, but it put it to a level where it's respectful.
It has its own game, it has the entire catalog right there of Metallica's music.
That would be the only exception to the fact that
to Activision's milking of the franchise.
I guess it'll get worse once Van Halen gets their own game and then, you know, obviously with that whole Aerosmith thing.
It's going to be very interesting to see what develops of the Guitar Hero franchise moving into 2010.
But, Zaku, I understand where you're coming from now, but we're running out of time.
I've got to let you go.
Have a great one, okay, Zaku?
Alright, later dude Later
Two things.
Unfortunately, the email that I sent you was like a couple weeks old, and I just wanted to update a couple things.
Oh, sure.
Yeah, first and foremost, this is probably more directed to Loki, but I just wanted to say my condolences to you and your wife over what happened.
Thank you.
Yeah, believe it or not, I'm not going to go into details,
Now, as for the second topic, I'm kind of surprised you didn't mention it already, but I don't know if you guys are into sports games at all, or at least the arcade style ones.
But recently there was an announcement that EA is going to be making... I'm sorry, did you start... Do we lose him?
Oh, I'm still here.
I heard there was some echoing, so... Oh, sorry.
Okay, I'm not following you.
So what type of games were you asking if we were into?
Sports.
Oh, sports games.
Yeah, um...
Recently, EA announced that they're going to be making Madden Arcade, which is going to be kind of like a Maddenized version of 3-on-3 NHL Arcade, which came out earlier in the year.
So, you know, it'd be like arcade-style games, you know, or sports games, you know, they may be up and ailing.
If not, then...
Just to disregard that, so...
Let me explain my thing with sports games.
I've been wanting to try and define this on the show for a long time.
The interesting thing is that we're a show that we're not really big on sports games.
We don't really talk a lot about them, and that's our audience.
But I do enjoy casual sports games, if that makes sense.
You know how we talk about the casual gamer and the hardcore gamer?
I like casual sports games.
I don't mind them at all.
I think that's why I kind of...
Desire, those old school sports games like, you know, the Tecmo Bowl, the Blades of Steel.
Those games were very easy to just pick up and get into.
Baseball Stars, that was another really cool one.
The ones today, I have a really hard time just kind of pick up and running with.
Like, they're just so intricate and so much into them.
Like, you know, and hey, for the hardcore sports fan, cool, you know, more for you.
Like, they don't play role-playing games that I play probably.
They play their sports games and that's cool, you know, there's a lot for you.
But like, I
I actually think probably one good way to define the type of sports games I can get into is an arcade type of game.
Insert, quarter, play game.
You know, it's just very, very easy.
Like NBA Jam, that was one of my favorite video games years ago.
And you probably wouldn't think listening to this show that I was ever into a sports game at some point.
But some of them I can get into.
But yeah, we haven't had a lot in a long, long time.
So EA's trying to bring out more casual sports gaming is what you're saying?
Yeah, basically.
Yeah, it's, well, I don't know if you ever tried their latest demo on either the 360 or the PlayStation 3, but last year they, you know, earlier this year they came out with an arcade-style hockey game, basically, I think, NBA Jam for Hockey.
No, I never played that.
Do you know the name of it?
It's called NHL, or, you know, 3 on 3 NHL Arcade.
It's basically NBA Jam with Hockey.
I will have to check that out.
I don't think I ever played it.
You know, I will admit, I have gotten to the point where I'm kind of like, eh, sports game, pass, sports game, pass.
But if somebody tells me to go back and check something carefully, I check it out.
I mean, Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort aren't these kind of casual sports games in a way, too?
And Wii Sports is like the biggest freaking video game of the past 10, 15 years.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I can't say I really know much about the Wii games, because I really haven't been following them.
I don't even own a Wii, at least not yet.
Most of my knowledge about video games are about the Dota 2 system.
One last touch before I do hang up.
Yeah.
I know if it's something the three of you would be interested in, but there's a free download on the video section of the PlayStation Network Store.
It's 1980s enemy pilots called Saber Rider.
I can do free.
I want to ask you a minute to cut you off.
Oh no, I can do free.
I always like free things.
They probably put this up on there to get people to check it out because they're probably going to sell the series.
Yeah, probably.
I haven't seen it yet, but I did download it, so I can't really give an opinion.
Maybe in a future week than Spazinator, but for now we're going to let you go.
Thank you so much for your phone call, and we're going to wrap up.
Alright, have a good one.
Later, buddy.
Alright.
Casual Sports Gamer.
That would be me.
I can't do these harder to get into.
With the playbooks and all that stuff.
The most playbook I could get into was Tecmo Bowl.
Run, Run 2, Pass, and Pass 2.
That's...
That's as playbook as I get.
Alright, anyhow, I think that's going to do it for the Skyblind tonight.
Let's get any last minute stories, Loki.
Yes.
This is interesting.
Apparently, Konami is relaunching the Drum Mania and Guitar Freak series with Guitar Freak's Drum Mania XG.
It's going to be in HD and it's also adding more fret buttons to the guitar controller.
Now with five fret buttons with adding yellow and purple.
They're also going to have hold notes or longer notes just like you'd see in
Other rhythm music games.
And also the open strums are actually going to be part of the normal guitar charts as well.
And vibration is added when you're wailing.
Drumania, they're adding a left hi-hat and a floor tom.
And they're also adding a hi-hat pedal and a second bass pedal as well.
And...
Apparently the new machines are going on testing very soon.
Some of the new songs include Hyper Jetland, Kaiser Phoenix, Blue Planet, and Piranha.
All those, of course, looks like in-house artists.
And some of the old songs, Returning, Vampire Killer, Over the Limit, Highway Star, and some others.
And let's see here.
They're going to have a new interface, also a beginner mode.
And I guess there's also gameplay being shown in the background, I guess with your note link over the top.
So that's kind of neat looking.
The machine looks really cool.
I don't know.
But a little too late, I think.
I don't know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And that's thanks to some people in Britain there.
Let's see...
Ben Heck, the creator of such wonderful portable systems, has a new project now he is blogging about, including creating his very own custom pinball machine, which he, for some reason, decided to choose Bill Paxton as the theme of the pinball machine.
But it is kind of neat if you want to check it out on how you can make your own very unique pinball machine from scratch.
So that's kind of neat.
That is kind of cool.
Um, there's a game on Commodore 64 I used to play back in the day that I loved.
Pinball Construction Set by ECA, which back in the day was what EA turned into.
Or what, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Modern Warfare, they have their really ridiculous Prestige Collector's Edition.
Well, not to be outdone, but Codemasters, they're releasing Operation Flashpoint Dragon Rising in the UK with a really ridiculous Collector's Edition as well.
It will feature a full...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
And then lastly, something that kind of pissed people off, we were talking about Activision raising prices.
Well, apparently, and once again, this goes to show you that CEOs should never speak ever when it comes to video games.
Apparently, CEO Bobby Kotick says that he hopes that the price of games will actually go higher.
It says...
And Tony, you know, if it was left to me, I would raise the prices even further.
Yes, thank you, Mr. Douchebag.
And then two last things here.
Rise of Triad is coming to the iPhone.
Actually, can we back it up a little bit?
Because you getting into that reminded me we didn't do the FUs of the Week tonight.
We got to do that at some point.
So what was this dude's name?
Bobby Kotick.
Bobby Kotick, the FUs of the Week tonight are for you.
My F.U.
really just goes to the suture in my hand.
It pretty freaking hurts.
Yeah.
My F.U.
goes to being sore.
Like, I feel like I'm getting so old, but my legs are so sore.
I don't know if that's just from all the walking I did yesterday, which wasn't really that much.
I guess I should have stretched out before going to Tahoe.
Loki.
Loki.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Dying babies were her thing, as she puts it.
So she comes in, you know, basically when they're doing all the pictures and doing the, you know, the footprints and all the impressions and stuff, you know, the nurse beforehand, they're treating them, you know, even though the babies are dead, they're treating them, you know, with respect, like actual babies, you know, supporting their head and stuff like that.
Well, the woman decides she's gonna come in and she says, okay, we're gonna start taking pictures.
Oh, this is the fun part!
I'm sorry, what part of Dead Babies is fun to you?
Stupid.
And then she treats them like, you know, basically dolls, just flipping them over, totally ignoring the fact, you know, that their heads should be supported and all that stuff, because they can't feel pain anymore, she says.
So, thank you, Nurse Douchebag, for being totally insensitive and just
An absolute horrible human being.
But you know what, though?
You know, in the end, we do laugh about it because she's... It just... How do people like this actually exist?
They're so stupid.
See, only you and Nelly can find the humor in something like that, honestly.
Alright, that's going to do it for the FUs of the week.
Sorry, last minute stories.
And the last one I have, and which you'll probably like, is Microsoft is saying they are going to raise the cap of your friends list.
I actually have a few open slots right now.
I think I'm down to like 98, and the reason why I... If somebody hasn't shown up on my friends list in like 30 days or more, I just delete them because I hear they cancelled their Xbox.
Unless it's somebody I know in real life.
Yes, that's what I've been doing too.
Yeah, that's pretty much how I do it.
So if you want to have me on Xbox Live, I have a couple open spots.
You're not going to see me on there very much except playing Lost Odyssey, but there's always something.
There'll be something I'm playing after I'm sick of the games I'm playing now.
It's not the way it works.
All right.
I guess that's going to do it for tonight's episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in to us tonight and supporting independent podcasting.
You guys are awesome, especially downloading and listening to this entire show after a three-week hiatus if you got all the way to the end.
You rock.
Thank you so much for listening to us.
I don't know what else to say.
As always, we say tell two people you know about the show, but honestly, by listening to the whole thing, you've already made us feel good.
And live listeners, where would we be without you guys?
Thank you so much for showing up.
And especially the fact that we just said at noon today that we'd be back tonight because I just didn't know.
I didn't want to announce anything premature.
But the fact that so many people showed up, we actually had a really good listener count tonight.
And I don't know if that's thanks to the retweeting from all games that some of you guys did on your retweets and stuff.
But just thank you so much.
DarkSakura, your final thought.
My final thought is... Wow, this Sharpie really smells loud.
Are you finally sending Rob his TurboGrafx?
I am.
I just autographed it.
Awesome.
I'll sign it too.
Don't forget to get Loki to sign it too.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is... I don't know.
I've
DarkSakura.com
It was really good that she did it.
No, it is.
You'll just get a different Klanto.
We'll figure it out.
We're going to keep that YouTube channel alive this time.
My final thought is I have a TurboGrafx in my lap, and Rob, I kind of want to steal this.
So you may not be getting this after all, I'm sorry to say.
Anyhow, that's going to do it for this week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You know, I pretty much said it all.
Thanks so much.
We'll be back here to do it all again next week.
So myself, Rob Roberts, she's DarkSakura, he's Loki.
Thank you guys.
We will see you next week.
See you next week!
