...
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Tonight, boys and girls, on Orange Lounge Radio Live, we're going to find out what MMO
Dark Sakura has to come to next.
That should be a lot of fun.
Also, a lot of news from the Tokyo Game Show, including that wacky new Nintendo controller.
Surely you've heard something about it.
And of course we have not forgotten about our roots, DeRoots, where we came from, the
Bimani world, did you hear, brand new Guitar Freaks home release, finally, we're going
We're going to talk about that and a whole lot more tonight on Orange Lounge Radio Live, so stay tuned.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Whoa!
Oh, God!
Heh heh heh heh heh! Call me daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...bluh-uh-bluh-tra-bluh-caw-key!
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
We are live, and this is episode number 156.
For this September the 18th of 2005, you're tuned into Orange Lounge Radio,
radio that gamers really want, and this is Orange Lounge Radio Live,
your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games,
as well as the gamer community in the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie Summers, better known as Dark Sakura.
How are you?
Who farted?
That was Loki, sir.
Oh, all right. How are you?
Am I on?
Yes, you're on.
Is this thing on?
We'll know I'm all tangled up under all those other masses of cords.
You have an old wireless router?
Yes.
Heck, maybe I'll take it. I need one.
So I can get back on Xbox Live.
I can get back on Xbox Live.
You can get that thing that Straight Garret has.
Maybe. Alright.
I haven't introduced you yet, so shut up.
Alright.
Also joining us tonight.
Hey! We are still in the middle of my intro. Thank you.
Sorry. What else do you want to intro with tonight?
Usually I thought that was my...
I have a question I'm dying to ask you that was posted on the forums this week, so we'll
get to that a little later in the show okay all right just that's all I just
was thinking about that and in regards to your rampant piracy so I downloaded
Advent Children in Spanish by accident
Oi! okay I don't know why that's so funny it is all right also joining us tonight
Say hello to special guest, he already opened his mouth, but once again, say hello to Bugz.
Hello.
You're back.
Yes.
This means you like it.
And the specialist guest of them all.
Okay.
He's almost like, he's not, I mean, we already have a Tech Massa Loki, but Bugz is kind of
a tech guy too, so I don't know what we can call him.
I don't know, he's Tech Massa 2 or something, I don't know.
Diet Tech Massa, I don't know.
Mac Whore.
Mac Whore.
I like that.
I know bigger MacHores than Bugd.
Yes, but how many MacHores have a G4 motherboard in the middle of their living room right now?
I remember you, sir, used to have a, well you still do, you have a web server that hangs from the ceiling, right?
No, actually it's inside of a rolling rack. It's still hanging.
Oh, it used to hang from the ceiling.
It did hang from the ceiling, yes.
It's pretty awesome. I used to go like, hey, the old Sacramento Bamani site used to be you hosted on Neil's ceiling.
Pretty awesome.
That got moved into the inside of a wire rack, so it was zip-tied between layers of wire rack.
Zip ties.
Zip ties is the second best thing next to duct tape.
Duct tape and weed whacker line, that's what I had available.
It was really strange.
Were you a Boy Scout?
No, my brother was.
I bet you watched lots of MacGyver.
Who says I ever stop?
Don't they show reruns of MacGyver still?
Two a day.
Not that my TiVo doesn't get both.
He was! He was a fucking treehugger! But he was the most ingenious treehugger that was.
So, um, gotta give him props for that.
But he would cut down a tree and then make paper out of it.
They should just put MacGyver in Stargate. Just make him a character.
And I mean, seriously, it's like, oh, we can't get the Stargate working.
Well, look, give me a paperclip. No.
This sci-fi network needs to just bring back all the cool 80s shows, like MacGyver, Quantum Leap, Holla, Airwolf!
quantum leaves on every night at 4 a.m.
so badass, alright anyway let's start a show, let's talk about some games
we'll be back after this quick break, featuring, starting off a brand new track from the
V-Rare, the EX2 V-Rare, it's You Gotta Move It
Enjoy. We'll be back after this.
Let the music fill your soul, let your body take control
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
After this song, we'll be hearing some of your favorite songs.
having a let them move marathon. Just kidding. Orange Lounge Radio, crap free
Bovani radio. We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 156. Thank you guys
so much for tuning in and listening to this train wreck of a program. We do appreciate
your support. Especially when our show is very, very good as well as when our show is
very, very bad. We appreciate your support. We're never bad. And shows like Tonight, which
you're destined to be very, very mediocre. We're never bad. We're never mediocre either.
We're bad at some good. You know, like, oh, the power glove. So bad. You know, like that.
We're fabulous, as always. That's right. With the power of Fiji water. What is up with Fiji
water? It's like everywhere now. Like, it used to be, like, I never saw Fiji water anywhere.
It's the only water that doesn't suck. I like, well, I actually don't like this arrowhead
stuff I've been drinking lately. That stuff tastes like piss. I don't like this arrowhead
drinking water and people go like dude first off you buy bottled water what's
wrong with you is like the first thing I hear and then it's like no no you don't
understand there really is a difference between all these different brands of
bottled water and you can taste it you can if you if you drink a lot of water
like I do I drink a shoot load of water I don't know why I'm censoring myself
tonight a shoot load of water every day at work I could I could say shitload it's
the internet but tonight I'm centering myself a shootload of a poo-load of water every day
at work because my job, my day job, I don't talk about my day job a whole lot on this
program but my day job is that I'm a teacher basically. I don't teach kids but I teach
adults in a professional environment. I'm a corporate teacher.
Which is almost the same thing.
Sometimes. I'm not going to knock my job. I love my job but let's just say that there's
challenges that come with teaching children and there's challenges that come with teaching
adults so I'm a corporate trainer and so I do a lot of talking you know pretty
much eight hours a day minus lunch and breaks so you know I have to drink a lot
of water or my voice goes and if I did lunches and breaks Rob duct tapes his
mouth shut I seriously try not to talk during lunches and breaks to give myself
a rest and I just drink tons and tons of water because that's the only way I can
prevent my voice from going out I should drink more tea but I can only stand
drink so much tea and my favorite tea is dehydrating is it yep but it's good for
your throat hot tea hot tea is like if you already have like sinus sandwiches
and stuff see that's the problem is that my favorite kind of tea is iced tea and
not just any kind of iced tea the iced green tea is like my favorite kind of
tea but you can't find that anywhere like the only time I ever found iced
green tea in a bottle was in New York City at a random ride aid in Grand
Central Station was the only place I've ever seen no did it is do they have
green tea yes they don't sell that flavor at my work thing cuz they have
so be at my work but not that flavor so be and Lipton okay Lipton is the one
I've seen but I cannot find the bottles ice bottles like what I prefer is going
to like ranch stocking up on the like real green tea I sort of like green tea
solids mixed with water and crap added well yeah I know but but the one I had
it was like some type of and I know this gotta be really exciting for listeners
but I don't care um Lipton like green tea that's diet or something so I have
a lot of sure really yeah where'd you get it I got it at food for less oh my
god I'm so going to food for less later on I did the one place I've ever seen it
is New York City and I thought I thought oh maybe it's an East Coast thing I don't
24 ounce bottle. Oh, weird. All right. Well. It's bottled by Pepsi, yeah. I'm actually
surprised. I'm actually now looking at our chat room, www.orangelaunsradio.com, click
on chat, and they're actually talking about green tea. Arizona green tea, somebody brought
up. I actually don't like Arizona green tea for some reason. I don't like that. I think
diet green tea is pretty good. I didn't like Arizona tea. That's why I neglected to mention
it, so. Well, I'm glad. So how about video games? Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm glad there's tea
connoisseurs in our chat room as well yeah how about video games you should
play less of them you know what I actually drink more tea you want to know
where I get my tea from where I get it from these little bags that I brew in
hot water myself and then ice it if I want it cold yeah you you made me tea
the other day when I was visiting we had some 2d x and tea yes I did it was like
a British thing we had a little 2d accent hey you had some of my southern
style iced tea oh a little bit of southern style then okay I see I have a
range of horrible accents that need to be heard on this show anyway um let's
see so we are gonna start off tonight's show doing a little bit of how was your
week how was your day and we'll start off with the one in the dark Sakura how
was your week I had I had with sick all week on Monday okay you know I fell
sleep during the show right during one of our breaks you fell asleep during
one of our breaks I don't know if you happen to notice I was curled up
sideways on the humongoid chair uh-huh I don't remember you falling asleep
actually dozed off I remember you being really out of it but I don't know see
earlier that day I had slept for 13 hours came back from my wedding thing
and just crashed and didn't get up until 3 the next day well Monday I get up and
go to work. I go back home, go to the doctor, go to the chiropractor. I'm exhausted. Next
day I sleep for another 13 hours. I'd called in, thankfully. Got up, took a shower, sat
down for a moment. Next thing I knew, three more hours had passed. No, four more hours
had passed, and I was just waking up again. Went to work the next day, fell asleep twice
at work. So yeah. You can get away with falling asleep at work? Yep. That's awesome. Barely.
My job doesn't work.
I knew I was sick though, so they didn't care.
I can't fall asleep. Everybody's looking at me, so I can't just suddenly go,
Okay, class, you work on this exercise, and I'm going to crawl under the table and take a nap.
Remember, take off the bunny ears when you get to work.
Okay.
Okay.
Then they won't look at you.
That was one of the big pluses to being the boss in a warehouse,
was sending your minions out to do something and then go crash in the back office for a couple hours while they finish it up.
You guys seriously sleep at work?
Well, if I was at work, yes.
Sometimes.
I'd take two, three, four hour lunches.
Wait.
Bug, you've fallen asleep at work.
Uh, yeah.
I used to work nights.
I'd sleep half the night.
Darksucker, you've obviously fallen asleep at work.
Loki, have you ever slept at work?
Okay, so it's not to never slept at work.
I've never slept at work either.
But to my credit, I've only fallen asleep at work when I was sick, and they knew that
I was sick.
I'm afraid of getting caught.
Like, that's the kind of thing that I don't want to have.
My boss was 13 miles away.
I don't want to have that conversation with my boss if I get caught like falling asleep
Because I'm not in class every day so feasibly I could easily like
Go back go into the go into the room turn off the lights. What?
We lean over with your hand over your eyes with your pen in your hand
Everybody's taking notes, right? Oh
Oh my gosh, so you've never really been caught except the one time you were sick?
No, I've never been caught.
I got caught once.
I've just only done it when I was sick.
Oh my gosh, what happened when you got caught?
They asked me why I was asleep. I said I was asleep.
Shit happened the night before I didn't sleep well.
I was tired?
Exactly.
Did you get written up?
I don't remember. They fired my boss the next day.
Oh, lucky you.
It was really odd because the owner of the company I work for also owned another company
that we were doing contract work with.
It was like a whole big old conflict of interest shit.
It's a good old ISP, JPSNet.
The data center was located in downtown SAC, and everyone else was up in Rockland.
I was the only person in downtown SAC, and I went into the server room and crashed out.
And then the other company brought people through on a tour, and I was sitting there
snoring away.
Hypothetically, in my job, I could easily, easily sneak into one of the training rooms
when there's no class going on, turn off the lights, crawl on the table, and go to sleep.
And people would just think, I'm somewhere else.
I could do it.
But it's one of those things, like...
Paranoia.
Exactly.
I work out of paranoia, because it's one of those things where I know that the first time
I ever did something like that, I'd get caught.
It's just like, there's this great scene in the movie Clerks where the people working
decided they're too lazy to work, so they're just sitting down behind the counter and they
have a little jar out filled with coins and dollar bills saying, please take exact change.
And somebody comes in and asks, aren't you afraid of somebody stealing all the money?
And they say, no, because if you have the money out like that, people assume there's
a camera on it.
It's Honesty by Paranoia.
And I kind of compare that.
See, Loki I see is kind of nodding his head.
Is that the same thing for you, is that you're afraid you're going to get caught?
I couldn't, in the work I do, I couldn't even begin to try to fall asleep.
Me neither.
There's just too many people around me that would wake me up.
Usually when I have a project, it's due five minutes from now, so it's like I don't have
time to nap. I wish I could though. I've been working for this company since 2000 and honestly
I can count, you know, the number of times it's happened and it's all been when I was
sick or had like a migraine. Migraine surgery. See that's the thing. And it was always my
monitor that gave me my headaches. Same reason why I can't look at a TV and your monitor
would give me a headache. Because it's got a rounded screen. Oh, I'm actually going to
I have no reason to replace my monitor at home because it's a full sized monitor but it's a flat screen trinitron.
My monitor is pretty nice.
His monitor wouldn't make me sick.
I understand mine. Mine's kind of a weird monitor, but I can't complain because my monitor was free. Thank you, Bugged. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Does it still have the green stripes on the top?
I don't know, maybe. But I decorated it with all these stickers. See, I have stickers from E3.
The reason there's green stripes on the top is because it was in the trunk of my car during a car accident.
It's amazing the damn thing still works.
It was facing out towards the back.
Anyway.
About my week.
Yeah, sorry. We got on that little tangent there.
I play puppies, and Dan brought home another MMORPG, and he brought home some like, he brought home Ico, which I never remembered him liking that game, but he said that he wanted to play it, and I went to IKEA yesterday with my friend Tia, you know Tia?
Of course I know Tia, she's a doll.
I had owed her a birthday present, so I just took her to Ikea and got her, like,
a bunch of stuff for her house. And her new kitty.
Huh? And her new kitty. Oh, that's right, she has a cat now.
I don't remember about the cat.
But we went and picked up my friend,
Christa, who lives in Berkeley. And we
ate really good Indian food, went on to IKEA, had meatballs, bought stuff, came back, and
did anybody go, that's a spicy meatball?
These are Swedish meatballs, they're not Swedish.
Yeah, Swedish, not Italian.
Sorry.
And then, um.
There was no Mario.
And then we, um, went to get gelato at this one place in Berkeley that's, like, got a
bajillion flavors.
I love.
It's, like, Naya or something.
There's a gelato place right by IKEA that is awesome.
I've been there before.
We just went to Berkeley.
They had like a billion, they had like fig flavor and they had amaretto and all kinds
of liquor flavors.
They had aloe vera flavored.
Aloe vera flavored?
Which is actually supposed to be pretty good.
And I...
I don't want to rub it on my sunburn.
Well, aloe vera is actually really good for your digestion.
But I had whole grain flavor, which was really yummy.
tasted like cereal and milk. I had this like milk flavor with dark chocolate
sprinkles in it or not sprinkles but like swivels in it but it was all hard
you know and I am amaretto which had real amaretto in it which is so yummy
and drove back and we watched Ring 2 last night the US one which is yeah and
And then I installed the MMORPG today after doing my Illustrator homework, which I will show the chat room what I did because I'm so proud that I finally got the freaking pen tool right.
But I got an MMORPG today and installed it and played it.
Pretty cool. So we're going to save that for a little later?
I don't see what's the big deal, but I'm going to let the chat room guess what it is.
Okay. Sounds good.
Probably half of them are on my friend's list in LiveJournal.
I already know.
Yeah.
Alright.
Moving on. Bug, do you have the mic? How was your week? How was your day?
My week was filled with games. Because after Sunday night when we found that Target was
selling stuff early, I happened to go over to the local, the only Target in the county,
and sure enough they were selling We Love Katamari, and picked that up, and then sold
back a bunch of games on Wednesday and picked up Burnout 4, had a couple bucks left over,
and also picked up Nintendogs. And then I found out that my DS's sound system is completely
dead. So I've never heard my dog, but it hears me. So it's a mute dog.
Now, just a follow-up to last week's show. For those of you guys that weren't listening
last week, there was this big thing. Somebody had called us on Skype. Was it Ron Chan, I
think, called us on Skype and said that he had heard something on the internet that Target,
there was a Target in some area that was selling We Heart Katamari early. So I don't know where
this idea came from. We just said, well, because it was going back and forth, like, oh, no,
Photoshop or yeah they were selling it early so we said we'll just freaking
call them and see if they have one in stock and sure enough when we called
them we all were kind of I think at least I know when I was calling them I
was expecting the guy to say no we don't have that game or to know nothing about
it but we kind of got surprised because when we called the target NASA guy he
said yeah there's one left on the shelf so that kind of started this whole like
oh shit wave of oh shit call target what the hell's going on so sure enough but
you had you now you found a copy of We Heart Kata Mari and bought it and I went
to now one of the Target stores you called on break was the one in
Roseville right not that far from Golf Land right so now I actually went out
there Tuesday and asked if they had any We Heart Kata Mari they didn't see any
other shelf and I asked because they said when you call them they were gonna
put them out on the shelves that Tuesday right right they didn't and the guy said
no we don't have that game like he almost he knew what I was trying to do
so I think some of the target employees caught on because somehow there was this
whole underground wave on the internet like check target check target none of
the major gaming sites picked this up none of them picked it up that that we
hard cut Amari got leaked early but somehow it was spreading on the on the
down low and I'd like to think we had something to do with that Loki yeah you
see here's what happened with the whole Tuesday thing apparently what happened
And then once this Namco accidentally one of the shipments got sent out.
They knew who exactly to that those got shipped to.
And so when they found out, thanks to me, Mr. Snitch, that stores had leaked it,
they got on the phone and they reprimanded people that, you know.
Really? Now this is an email that you wrote to Namco to get a response from.
This is a head of sales from Namco.
So thank you for ruining our time, you bastard.
It's only a couple copies that were leaked. You probably, everyone already bought those copies. I mean, we're talking like one shipment, one box.
I think Namco downplayed it to you.
How did one box go to at least five targets?
Exactly, across the nation. I think Namco downplayed what happened. I think it was one pallet.
And you know what a pallet is, is a pallet is like a big ol' thing of boxes.
The stores, though, that had the advanced copies, at least three of them were in California.
There was another one in the center of the country, another one on the East Coast.
Yeah, we know there was one in Kansas.
So, you know, speculate what you want, but this is straight from the head of, you know,
sales at Namco.
Of course, piano corporations are full of bullshit.
I understand that, but I think they were BSing you in your response.
I think that they were trying to downplay what happened.
Yeah, guess what?
They actually released some more games that haven't even come out yet.
NamcoX, Capcom, it's in stores right now.
Is it?
No, it's not. I'm just saying.
They may say whatever they want to, but we've got irrefutable proof that they lied.
Chat room comments. Let's see, comments about Loki.
Loki, you fucking narc. Snitch, you whore.
You're a mean one, Mr. Snitch. You piece of shit, Loki. You ruined Christmas.
You whore slut. You ruined Hanukkah. Honky ass bitch.
Okay, let me put it this way. Those games would be on the store shelves anyways, and they would have already been bought up, okay?
And if they weren't already, then you know what? Don't blame me, because it's those retarded people who put out in the first place.
So, you shouldn't even have your game yet, so shut up. That's what I have to say about that.
And a related note, I actually have to play Wii Heart Katamari today, thank you both.
Guys, if you really want your stupid game early, go fucking pirate it off the internet like everybody else does.
and save yourself the $40. That's what it's really about, is that you don't want people stepping on your territory of the rampant BitTorrent piracy ring or whatever.
Fuck that, BitTorrent was last week, man. It's all about news groups.
News groups are older than old and never went away.
Um, I don't see what the whole big deal is, because if we wanted it bad enough early, we would have just imported it, you know?
Like some of us did. I didn't do it, because I had better things to spend my money on. I already played it.
We played it at E3!
I know, and the E3 one worked, but here's my thing, is that I don't understand Japanese at all, and I'm not going to learn it.
You know what? I know 30 kanji, which isn't enough to read all the dialogue in that game.
So, it doesn't matter. The king of all cosmos is going to say something fabulous, this package is going to rule the world, and you're going to roll a bunch of shit up in a big ball, big whoop, what's new.
Fine. Besides, Burnout 4 came out and that was more important.
Alright, I want to let Bugd finish what was going on with his week. However, I do want to end on one note here.
Legend of Zaku says, remember Loki, snitches get stitches for being bitches.
Just remember that.
Bugd, how was the rest of your week?
Burnout 4 is also awesome.
And that was pretty much my damn week.
All right, Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
My week started off good.
Well, first off, I had, you know, Advent Children like the hour after the show ended.
I had to watch it. Actually, I had to watch it, but I didn't get to watch it.
Instead, I watched most of the action sequences over the course of the week until Wednesday.
And that's when I got Burnout Revenge. And then we just crashed through cars the rest of the week.
And then I finally got to watch Advent Children today, the entire thing.
And I don't know why Sony is not putting this in theaters. It's like 100% better than a lot of this shit out there.
Even though it has no plot?
It has a plot. And if you pay attention to the plot, you would know that.
No, I watched the whole thing all the way through the first time I watched it, and I actually could follow the dialogue without subtitles, and the plot was so weak you could see right through it.
Okay. Miss Bitter, just call her a bitch. Fucking bitch! Now call him a bastard. Call him a fucking asshole, come on.
Hey, you stop it there!
Well, I like to think that I'm an adult, thank you.
all one i'm not soft to pet lana
they without knowing that he really kickass uh...
plot or not i mean come on i mean it better than that we bullshit i mean
now look he does have a point at least i didn't have a raise in it
at and
i haven't even watched it yet i have to say he doesn't have a point it wasn't
directed by you evil
ideas
without spoiling anything
there it is true
there was a plot however it was highly transparent and very obvious from the
beginning
so i don't let much better that it's i can be in it for the family of all of
those was a pretty
or yeah i was pretty
uh... and
and then i'm going to pay them off
microphone okay
right and i think that
uh... but yeah it
it was very i did not think it was bad at all
But it did have a really weak plot, I'm sorry.
Which was better? Advent Children or Spirits Within?
Well, Spirits Within I can't really call Final Fantasy because it wasn't, number one, it wasn't a game.
Number two didn't feel like it. It's basically,
Hi, this is really pretty CG by Square.
And that's what they should have called the movie and I bet it would have done better.
And it was a good movie on its own. It just wasn't Final Fantasy.
It was. It was just like the bouncer. Hi, this is a pretty game by Square.
They should have just marketed it
not a final passing movie as you know pretty cd all the spirit alien five
alien five
you know they're gonna probably make something like that anyway sorry you're
weak in your day
anyway
however that uh... didn't do a whole lot of just uh... try to play some of the
games
uh... almost got to play uh...
graffiti kingdom
you know i bought the lake weeks ago
uh...
But yeah, I've got a bunch of games I'm trying out, so like Urban Reign, it's going to be sweet.
They actually have, what is it, Paul Phoenix in Law from Tekken 5 in it, or Tekken, the series I guess.
Oh cool.
Which is kind of neat. But yeah, that's pretty much all that's going on.
Alright, very cool.
My week and my day, you know, I just kind of worked a lot this week.
Kind of mellow, I didn't do a whole lot of anything that exciting.
You know, no exciting trips or anything like that.
Saturday was especially boring. I had a 7 hour marathon on Final Fantasy XI.
Oh my god, I will never play Final Fantasy XI that long again.
And Loki will be pleased to know another mission was accomplished without you.
I keep trying to play and god damn it the woman keeps pulling me away.
But at least this time it was for good reason. She got her fucking car finally.
I'm not driving around anymore. I'm done driving an hour or two hours a day.
Driving Miss Nellie?
Alright, so I'm done with that. Thank God. I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm trying to get back to Final Fantasy XI. It's friggin' hard. There's too much stuff I have to do.
We can still help you with it.
I really, I need to, I want to be able to sit down Saturdays and just play, or set a day to play, but it's just not working out that way.
I can't do a marathon like that on that game ever again. It was so exhausting.
When I was unemployed, I played Ragnarok for a total of, what was it, 38 hours straight.
Oh my lord. No, I have some days off here.
I didn't sleep.
Oh my gosh, you people are sick. I can't play a video game that long.
Although I have done several days straight staying logged in because I would bend at night.
And while I was at work, when I started working.
So the rest of my week and my day, pretty much, I picked up, I'm going to talk about some of these games on the podcast, but I also picked up a copy of Mortal Kombat, Shaolin Monks, because it was a game that I played at E3 that I liked, surprising a lot more than I thought I would.
Wait, wait, hold on. You picked up that game?
Yeah.
From where?
Best Buy. Why?
It doesn't come out until next week!
It came out early. It's on GameStop's site as being out now, too.
Eh, fucking GameStop.
So, did I really get a... I didn't get a copy of Mortal Kombat Shell Monks early.
It's out everywhere, isn't it?
No.
Really?
I don't think so.
I think so.
Look at GameStop's site. It says it came out last week.
Well, GameStop's wrong.
Alright, well...
I'll have to check into that, because...
You gonna snitch on them, too? You gonna snitch on Best Buy now?
No, that means that our Dallas facility is wrong and no, no, I don't I really don't care
You know cuz I'm not buying the game. So what do I give a shit about? Well, whatever but I you know, I I
Kind of like Mortal Kombat. I've it's been one of those games. Like I'm always like
you know
It's it's like the Spice Girls, you know, you don't want to admit you like the Spice Girls
But yet you know somebody must have because they sold what like 10 million copies of their album
Did the movie have meatloaf in it?
Yes
Anyway, so I like Mortal Kombat. I think it's got a pretty interesting story to it and the game's actually kind of fun
So I'm gonna talk about that, but it does have flaws. I'll talk about that on the podcast
Otherwise not a whole lot else to my week. I've been pretty boring. I haven't done anything that special so that's me
Oh by the way, I watched the movie birth last night that movie sucks
Wait, is that the one when Nicole Kidman fucking a 12-year-old or something?
She doesn't fuck a 12-year-old. It's a 10-year-old, for one.
Okay.
And she doesn't fuck him. She does take a bath with him, and, or I should say he gets in the bath with her.
And, uh, she kisses him, and that's about it.
Ew!
But it was fucking boring.
Ew, does that have tongue?
I guess.
Ew!
Yes, it doesn't show it, but, okay, so there's a ton of scenes with characters staring at the camera for like five minutes and doing nothing. That is how the movie is. It sucks ass.
Sounds like an art film.
Yup.
I was like, did you ever see Dancer in the Dark?
But she is naked and there's a scene where she's having sex with another guy and there is nippleage.
Okay, that's nice.
But that's about it.
She takes her top off in, like, every movie.
Um, did you ever see Dancer in the Dark?
It's just a movie with Bjork in it.
Now don't get me wrong, I love Bjork and I love Dancer in the Dark actually, but it's
so pretentious because like the first four minutes of the movie is just music playing
like a symphony and all just paintings dissolving into one another.
Just paintings, pictures of paintings for four minutes.
That's something to do with a movie you're in.
Exactly.
It has nothing to do, well it kind of, you could say it does because it's about her going
blind and so you know paintings get it because you know when you're blind you
can't see paintings but anyway so she sings crappy music instead no but
there's this one thing where she's singing about everything in the factory
and she's like I love your machine I love Bjork because she's crazy all right
anyway I love I love Margaret Cho's impression of Bjork I like a what was
that what was that a dinosaur what was that dinosaur in Jurassic Park remember
they killed a guy in the car not the raptor the laugh is sore the
laphosaurus that that remember the guy from sign for the postman on Seinfeld
was in Jurassic Park, right?
Newman.
Newman.
Newman was in Jurassic Park.
I didn't watch Seinfeld because that show was lame.
Okay, um, well, forget it then.
I'm talking to a wall.
Well, no, go ahead.
I just don't know who you're talking about.
Okay, there's a scene in Jurassic Park.
He was the big fat guy with the glasses that was kind of the bad guy.
The lawyer?
He wasn't the lawyer.
He was the computer programmer.
He took the security system down for him.
I remember him.
Okay, was Nedry, was that his name in the movie?
Yes.
Okay, his name was Nedry in the movie.
I read the book.
Okay.
Okay, well it was the same thing in the book.
And he's running away, trying to escape, and the power goes out at that point or whatever,
and then the dinosaur comes up to him in the car, and it's going, and it's so cute, and
then he's like, hi guy, go away or something, and then the, I think he throws a rock at
the dinosaur or something and the dinosaur goes, and then spits on him and tears out
his intestines or whatever dinosaurs do.
Ew, intestines.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
I did have to laugh when the dinosaur got in his car.
Yeah, the dinosaur like hops in his car and eats him.
It's pretty cool.
I think.
There's a dinosaur in the car.
I did like, though, Jurassic Park 3 was horrible, but it did have funny scenes in it.
I never saw Jurassic Park 3.
Ugh.
Like at the very end.
Jurassic Park 2 with the chick that does the gymnastics that was laughable but in
in this in the third one there's a scene with the mama trying to store in her
baby and the guys like trapped in the thing mm-hmm and he's like the bad guy
so so she nudges the baby go ahead go ahead meet him go ahead if he goes okay
mommy that was funny is it true they're making a
Jurassic Park 4. Yes. I heard, oh god. I have to see that and laugh at it. It's over. It's
over people! No, it's on mainland now. Oh god. That was the worst part of Jurassic
Park 2 was when it was like San Diego gets invaded with velociraptors. Or they can find
maybe another island that they didn't know about that they're doing a third Jurassic
Park in. It's like, oh we didn't know about that one! Or bring Jeff Goldblum back to life
again yeah well just read just read the book the book was actually really really
good I think Jurassic Park should be like the dinosaurs attack you're a
Disney or something like that Battle Royale versus Jurassic Park or how
about that new on Hong Kong Disney what better idea for a movie we'll have Tony
Jai versus the dinosaurs we'll just have him take him out can Vin Diesel be in it
He can get eaten. He can be like the Steven Seagal character in
Executive Decision. Is Steven Seagal still making movies?
Unfortunately, yes. Dude, who is the Steven Seagal fan
anymore? Um, the Midwest. I'm serious!
Just the whole lot of them. The whole Midwest.
They're the people that still buy the Van Damme movies. And yes, he's still making movies.
It's all B movies now. Guile's still making movies?
Yeah, he wasn't satisfied enough killing off fucking Raul Julia, but no, I gotta keep making more crappy movies.
I feel so bad for Raul Julia for that being his last movie.
I know. Technically, he had another thing on HBO that he won a lot of awards for, so he had that HBO thing.
That's sort of the redemption thing. Yeah, sort of the redemption thing.
If only someone could go back in time and tell him not to make that movie. It's a bad idea.
But remember that the Street Fighter movie came out when we were all like in what like seventh grade ish
At least I think I was in seventh grade, right? I
Think it was like 1990 when that movie came out right 90 90 what it was like
You know you go and see it and you're like what the hell is this?
I actually remembered liking it when I saw it when I was younger and I saw it four times in the theater
I Wow, I remember dress my I drove. I had an obsession with Jean-Claude Van Damme when I was
That's funny, because I had an obsession with Kylie Minogue when I was younger, and she
was cammy.
That's the other reason I went and saw it, because I was like, oh my god, it's Kylie
Minogue!
I know, I was like, oh my god, it's Kylie Minogue, and she's cammy, that's going to
be sweet.
How did I not know I was gay when I was 11?
Anyway, so my dad took me to see this movie, and we watched it, and I remember thinking
when I was younger, boy, this is cheesy.
And then I went and saw Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II, The Secret of the Ewes, like the
next week or something. That movie had funny parts though. That movie was like, okay maybe
and then 3 was like no. And it had David Warner in it. Street Fighter came out in 94. 94?
Yeah, so that would have been a sophomore. I would have been a sophomore in high school?
Yeah, we both would have. I dragged my dad to see that even though I was a sophomore
in high school, I guess so. Wow. How did I get my license till junior? I was, yeah, well
I remember still being in high school when I saw it, so...
Yeah, I graduated that year.
Wow. God, I feel old anyway.
You were a sophomore, and I graduated that year. I know, I know. What?
You feel old?
That's true, I am younger. Yeah, so shut up.
Let's go to a break, shall we?
No. I think we need to do a break. No, I don't think so. Sorry, Rob, no break for you.
Yep, break time. When we come back from this break, we're going to be talking about
VDX 10 style, the consumer version that's going to be coming out soon because we actually
have been sent some MP3s from our buddy Siggy who calls in on the Skype line quite a bit.
He's going to call us back on Skype when we come back for the next break and talk about
these brand new 10 style consumer tracks. It's going to be pretty sweet, so stay tuned
for that. In the meantime, we're going to go to break and I thought in this break we
could do some music from Gita Dora V because as you might have heard at Tokyo Game Show
this week. Guitar Freaks V and Drummania V coming out for the Playstation 2. So, finally,
more stuff to import. Did you hear about the other thing about it? The arcade style controller,
the ASC is also going to be released for Guitar Freaks. Okay, I have to tell Dan about that.
I don't know about Drummania. I'll buy those. I'll buy those guitars. But they're doing
an ASC for Guitar Freaks. If they did a Drummania one, you know I'd freaking have that. I don't
even know how the hell they would do an arcade style version of that. I mean, it's easy enough.
It's gonna be sweet either way, and I'm just excited because I'm hoping that they can bring
back now.
They can make these games, because, assumably, they'll do one for V2 down the line if this
is successful, and they can add so many old songs in it.
I hope.
I really hope they do it.
Well, you know, they are talking about doing this for the U.S. too.
Really?
I don't know.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Maybe that'll be the big secret at next year's E3.
We'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
off with some B4U next. B4U next is gonna kick it off. And then we're also gonna have
a band called Pooh in this break, all from Gita Dora V. We'll be back after this with
with more Orange Launch Radio!
spirit, arts and business
We have come to see you
We are driven and really driven
Don't you like the second girl?
The best self-evident woman now
With a big star
Please don't you
Shout out to you, we still love you
There we go, we still love you
Eggplants from down, rain down the table
Eggplants from down, rain down the table
We must have found someone to be
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh
All it takes to be so far from this fallen sea
But you've all about a way to shadow up my fate
Your kisses turn from hot to cold and I've felt like a center bone
Cheeseburger with dirty men looking for love that they'll never get
Feelin' about you, feelin' alone I'm doin' so hard, I'm on the run
Feelin' no way, feelin' no way If you wanna lie to me again
Then really run to space and call again Just go there and save it
You bigger ones are makin' all the ends of the road then
Bet South and save that
The long engines roll
Welcome back, boys and girls, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Here we are in the midst of episode number 156.
We are going to get to those 10th style consumer tracks very soon here.
However, we wanted to get to a couple other little things here real quick first, including
a brand new segment here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to have a brand new segment.
It's something we're trying out, brand new tonight.
So we hope you guys enjoy it.
And tonight's segment is going to be, and if it's well received by you guys, we'll do
something like this like every week or every other week. I have to just consider it a variation
once we announce what it is. We should have our listeners participate. By failing us one
and the best one we win. We could read. That would be a good idea or we could do something
on the forums or something. Tonight's new segment is going to be Dark Sakura's Yo Mama
Yomama Joke of the Week.
That's right.
This is going to be...huh?
The music's messed up.
It's a leftover from Vanilla Sky, so now that that show's not on anymore, we have this here,
so anyway.
So this segment is very simple because Yomama Jokes are still funny.
Dark Sakura will be reading a Yomama Joke every week.
So, DarkSakuro, what is tonight's Yo Mama joke of the week?
Are you sure you can handle it?
I think so.
Yo mama's so nasty she brings crabs to the beach.
Great, that's great.
Oh, that was so funny.
Yo mama's so nasty she brings crabs to the beach.
What's that sound I hear? Oh yes!
It's jumping the shark.
I got another one.
No, no, save it for next week. You only get one joke a week.
I have a lot of Yo Mama jokes.
I know you do.
Alright.
Yeah, see, some of the old school, some of the old school, um, Orange Lawn's radio listeners actually remember that being the exact same theme music we used to use on Vanilla Sky for the world's worst forward.
forward, where I would read a forwarded joke over email, like things that actually get
sent to me at work. But the ironic thing is, I mean, we haven't been doing Vanilla Sky
lately on the network just because of personal conflicts with scheduling. And I don't get
forwarded emails at work anymore. Like, they crack down on it or something, so I really
don't get them anymore. So I wouldn't have any jokes to read anyway. So I'm glad we could
recycle the theme movie.
So, listeners, if you have a really awesome Yo Mama joke, send them to jamie at orange
zoundsradio.com and while I'm sifting through emails from teachers and the
podcast email list and everything else. She'll have some Yo Momma Jokes. I'll have some Yo Momma Jokes too to
make it work. And you know what, maybe once a month we could mix it up a little
bit and do Yo Daddy. Do Yo Daddy. We're an equal opportunity show. Yeah, we're equal
opportunity offenders so we could do Yo Daddy. All right. Now we got the whole
chat room started. It's gonna be one of those jokes where all night long they
can't stop talking about it speaking of tonight's podcast it should be pretty
interesting because we're gonna be talking about a lot of things that have
been going on at Tokyo game show and you know I can't resist asking about this
one I'm sure a lot of you guys on the internet have seen this by now if you
haven't run on over to orange laundry calm and take a look at this it's the
brand new Nintendo revolution controller huh what do you think the nunchucks the
Nintendo nunchucks what do you think the controller I don't know it's kind of one
of those things where I can't knock it till I've tried it I mean bless Nintendo
for doing something new certainly they're trying something new with this
but I don't know it's just it's gonna be kind of weird at first but then again if
you think about it you know a lot of them you know the eye toy was weird at
first too but of course the eye toy is not that great a peripheral now just
because they don't have good games to support it.
Well, I guess maybe DDR, but even then,
hands and feet modes kind of knocked on the beginning.
They have some other games that feature the itoy.
What, Antigrav?
No.
They have this game, DT Racer, which
was a really crappy racing game that used the itoy
for some reason to steer.
And they have another game, Virtua Tennis,
that you can use that to play tennis as well.
All the games that feature the itoy, though,
other than like, you know, DDR and stuff, they kind of suck.
Well, even those iToy modes suck.
I know, I know.
You know, the thing, though, about the Nintendo Revolution,
the controller is not my issue.
I'm willing to try this new controller. I think it'll be interesting.
It's different, so it gives the Nintendo something
to really separate itself from Sony and Microsoft,
which is kind of what it needs right now.
You know what my first complaint about it is?
What's that?
Ergonomics.
You think?
That controller is not ergonomically sound.
Well, well.
Seriously, hold out your hand for a moment and think about how it's going to be working a remote control for hours of gameplay.
That's why, for example, I always bring this up as an example of the best controller ever designed.
And that would be the Saturn dual analog controller.
That, it fits naturally to your hand.
even the PlayStation controller, it's meant to fit to your hand.
You know, why is it that Nintendo has always had these bizarre-ass controllers that hurt to play?
Well, I think the Super Nintendo had an intelligent controller.
And if you'll notice,
they re-released that style controller
for the NES when they brought out the top loader.
They did one, um...
Naki did one for the GameCube. I have, like, two of them.
I think that a lot of the complaint they're going to get with this controller, apart from it just being a really bad idea in general, is a case of ergonomics.
That controller is not going to be a comfortable thing to play for a long time.
We'll see, we'll see.
Did you see the mockup that Loki posted on our website earlier just a couple days ago?
I saw what was on Nintendo's website.
the wave bird thing where you can plug that little remote into like a wave bird controller
style controller and you can play your revolution games like with a game cube style controller.
My other thought was that, you know, a month later they were going to bring out some overpriced
controller that's all ergonomically sound that they're going to charge a bajillion for
because it's Nintendo. They do shit like this. Are your arms hurting? Get the new Nintendo
arm hurt eliminator or whatever they call it. Well seriously, I knew right now I'm not
going to be able to play that machine, given the risk problems I have at work.
I have to use a trackball mouse.
I can't hold two separate things like that and hold my hand in that position without
having quite a bit of pain.
So are you going to give it a try?
See if maybe the feel of it is different than it looks at first?
Of course I'm going to try it, but in the end, looking at the design, having a very
good sense of spatial awareness and knowing how my hands work, you know, and just with
the bajillions of other people I work with, you know, good friends of mine at my job who
all have carpal tunnel, various other ailments that come from doing a desk job, you know,
even for people who just play on the internet a lot, you know, or developing the same wrist
ailments because the average home is not set up to be ergonomically correct for your own
desk.
Right.
having this in your hand for standard gameplay, and a lot of gamers, when they get into their
game, they'll ignore their own pain for the game. I'm sorry, it happens. I've done it.
Some people don't, yeah.
And that's going to cause, it's just going to open up a load of medical concerns.
Well, we'll see.
I really do think it's going to be a question of economics.
Now, let's not forget, though, that some, now, things could change. This is still very,
very early on, and I seem to recall that when we saw the Nintendo DS at E3, only a few months
before it's released, the DS kind of changed. Like, I remember the one at E3 was more rounded
on the sides. They kind of changed the way the DS is shaped, and so they changed kind
of the way the controller and buttons were, so things could change with this before it's
actually released.
I did notice a different setting of the buttons, and this is actually a little bit more comfortable
to play than the mock-up they had at E3.
So, we'll see. So maybe when they do some of the extensive testing, some of your concerns
are going to come out and they'll, they'll kind of rethink some things, so.
Yeah. We'll see what happens. We'll see what happens.
All right, um. And by the way, according to Firebomb, uh,
Loki, you're the reason babies cry at night.
Are they still? Yeah, they, they don't stop bitching. I just ignore it.
All right. You know, I got over it, like, years ago.
All right, that's fine. That's fine. All right, we're gonna get again, get into,
hi how are you well hi guys anyway let's um how long you guys have been knocking
on the door we didn't even hear you or oh yeah sorry anyway hi are we just
joined by Angel and Magus let's see if we can get them a microphone here real
quick real real quick cuz I gotta answer a call on Skype here hey guys hey how
you doing you sound sick no I'm just really really tired we've had a long
weekend at their real-life gathering. I know most of you hear me talk about that quite
a bit, but yeah. So it's just meeting real people behind the covers.
Welcome back to the show, Angel. I know it's been a while since you've been here.
Yeah, I know.
All right, and the 23rd Magus, you haven't been here in a long-ass time.
I know. It's been painful. I swear it's been painful.
Well, you're here. I want to slap your shirt because it's a giant power button. Not that
I want to turn you on. Not that I want to turn you on, but anyway. Let's move on. Let's
move on. Thanks for the pleasant surprise, you guys. Um, let's move on. For the record,
you're looking older. Aww, our Andrew's getting so big. La la la. Aww. Anyway. I'm just kidding.
I've got somebody on Skype that's waiting for us to cut the bullshit and get to his
call, so hello, Siggy. How are you doing? Hey, Sky, I'm doing fine. Good, good to hear.
Now, what's this? You found some new stuff in regards to 2DX 10th Style, the consumer version?
Yup.
What do you got for us tonight?
Oh, there are two 2DX 10th Style CS exclusives, but they are long versions.
Ooh, very cool. So we have some long versions. Now, how did you come across these MP3s?
Panda of L.O.T.B. from Bimani Style forums has posted it on the temporary forums.
That's right, Bamani Style right now is running on some temporary forums and I thought it was kind of interesting because isn't like some gaming company hosting their sites like Playasia or something?
Yeah, it was Playasia that was hosting the temporary forums.
Interesting. Are they still running on a temporary basis or did they get back up or what?
I haven't visited them in a while.
They're still running right now.
Oh cool, okay. Very cool. Alright. So anyway, about these songs.
Um, before I, uh, introduce The Silent Side, I wanna post this, uh, website on the chatroom right now.
Go for it. And that chatroom, once again, orangeloungeloungeradio.com.
Click on chat if you wanna join in the chatroom and get these little links as people post them, as Siggy's doing right now.
Here it is. It's on the Xenon website.
And, uh, what this site has is, uh, you know, pictures of, uh, 2DX 10-style CES, uh, shot from a Tokyo game show.
Very cool, of course, because this game is being shown at Tokyo Game Pro right now.
Right next to Iroha.
Okay, very cool.
So, I will introduce, you know, the confirmed songs, like CS exclusives and the old music.
But first I'm going to introduce the old music that has been confirmed for Ten Style CES.
And there are only four of them so far.
Traces, Quasar, Love Shine, and the also-loving V.
Now, somebody mentioned the V thing in the chat room before the show started, and I was just like,
oh my gosh, okay, if V is returning in 10th style, that means it was in 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, and now 10th.
Can we say overkill?
Yeah, it's really the longest one.
Wow, okay.
And now I'm going to introduce the CS exclusives that have been confirmed so far.
so far there are four of them and two of them are gonna you know gonna be under
like a minute long clip so I'm gonna introduce the first one that's uh the
genre is gaba and the song is hype the core by DJ Chucky oh okay and then the
second song is a genre is a psychedelic trance and it's by LED it's ixian mm-hmm
and now for the songs that you know that has the clip a minute long and the
The genre is R&B, and here's Asami with Strong Woman featuring Double.
Alright, here it is.
All right, that sounds pretty cool. I like that. It's kind of got a cool little beat
to it. I think that'll be a fun one to play in the game. That's kind of cool. I like that.
And here's a little fact about Strong Woman. The artist Asami is under 573 Records.
Oh, very cool. Konami's little record label. Cool. Hey, do you know if this is true or
not? I heard a rumor that Akira Yamaoka's album got pushed back to January. Is that
true? You know anything about that?
I didn't get any details for that.
I heard something about it. I don't know if this is true or not, but I heard that Akira
I'm out cuz albums getting pushed back from October to January which is kind of a bummer because it's supposed to come out Halloween week
Which is so appropriate, but we'll see. We'll see anyway. Yeah, and
Here's the last song
You know one of the CS exclusives and this one's a very deep Japanese meaning
I still I can't figure out what what it means. Hmm. So here's the
Here's the genre is Japanese pops. Here's a berm Inazawa featuring Shimotsuki Haruka with Taito no Suika
All right, here it is.
That's kind of a
different one. I don't know if I could see that in 2DX, but...
Reminds me of the soundtrack that goes in the shell.
Okay. It reminds me too much of Yoko Kanno.
It's a good song. I like that song. It's just kind of...
That's going to be an interesting one for 2DX. Maybe that's going to be an easy difficulty.
I don't know. We'll see.
Yeah, hopefully it would be difficult on another.
Yeah, I could see that, maybe.
Now, what's your personal opinion on those two songs?
Well, I kind of like Strong Woman featuring Dabo better than Taito no Suica.
But they're both good songs. I really like, a lot of the consumer songs lately have been very strong.
Of course, like, you know, 8th Style had some good ones there with the, god, Everyday Lovely Day and all that stuff.
And, you know, there's been a lot of good ones lately. So I'm happy to see that they're still putting out the 2DX.
And it looks like, you know, Red and Happy Style happen eventually too, which is good. Very good.
Yeah. On the website right now, the Xenon website, there are links that have the video files that contain videos from 10 style CS that has been recorded, like Ixion and Hypedacore, and also Strong Woman.
However, when I watch these videos, you won't be able to hear the actual song.
Oh, you can just see the video.
Yeah, you're only going to see the video, but you're only going to hear outside what's happening on the TGS.
Right. Speaking of what's happening on the TGS floor, what else have you heard about what's going on at Tokyo Game Show? Anything else that's exciting to you?
Nothing much else. I only checked out Popin' Music Era and GITADORA V. I was surprised that they're going to have GITADORA V for the PS2.
That was kind of a real surprise announcement I think to a lot of us. We kind of all kind of assumed that Guitar Freaks and Drummania on PS2 was dead and gone.
But it always was kind of interesting that they kept it going in the arcades and yet no love for it on the console.
So it was just kind of like, maybe it was something that we always kind of wished would happen in the back of our minds.
It was just kind of sudden, like, oh my gosh. I mean we were expecting, you know, obviously we were expecting 2DX10.
We were expecting Strike, we were expecting Youdoha, but to see Guitar Freaks as well is pretty cool.
I think the only thing that could top that in the surprise category is, like Loki said, they end up bringing that to America,
which would be very interesting when you consider the Guitar Heroes on its way as well. It could be very interesting.
So we'll see.
Alright, well, Siggy, thank you very much for calling in and sharing those songs with us.
We appreciate it. Helping us stay in the know on what's going on in the Bahmani world.
No problem.
Any other final thoughts for us?
Not at the moment. I just can't think of any.
But everybody on the Bahmani-style forums have been complaining about V being back in the game again.
Yeah. It's one of those things now where they must just be doing it out of tradition or something, I don't know, because the song's so horrid. I don't know if it's some type of nod to the fans or something, but I guess it's okay as long as it's just one song.
I mean, if they were bringing back, like, five or six songs every time, I'd be like, okay, people. But if it's just one song, that's okay.
Oh, one more thing. On the 10th style results screens, they're going to feature more Goliarts.
I heard about that, because in the arcades, they didn't have anything unless you triple A'd a song.
They lacked Goliarts. They lacked the Goliarts. It's already featured on the Xenon website right now.
It's featured in Nix, and used for the single A, and then Nix for the double A.
Very cool, very cool.
Oh, you're talking about the repetition of V, right?
Well, look at DDR, for example, say B4U, it's been in 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, actually 6 mixes if you count 4th Plus.
Okay, okay, maybe, but not 6 back-to-back mixes. But I get what you're saying, B4U is kind of a DDR anthem.
It's a staple.
I mean, hell, they named a band after it, so, you know, okay, I get it, I get it, maybe.
But B4U is also a 2DX song, so why not repeat that over and over again?
Because it's a staple of DDR, not 2DX.
Alright, alright.
It's just a cameo.
All right.
All right, Siggy, thanks so much for your call.
And calling us tonight, all right?
Have a good one.
Yeah.
All right.
Bye.
Later.
Later.
All right, that's the one on Siggy.
Sharing some 2DX MP3s with us, so we appreciate that.
Those of you guys out there in chat
that want to call us on the Skype line as well,
you're going to get your chance very soon here
after this break.
We're also going to get into tonight's Orange Lounge Radio
Cage match.
Should be very interesting.
I want to point out that tonight's pre-show music was all music. Some of you guys have
probably heard this before, but this was disc two of the Wangan Midnight Maximum Tune soundtrack.
That's actually the second game.
Tune two. The soundtrack is the first and second.
So each disc is each game.
Oh, very cool. Very cool.
All right.
And it had Polteri! It did. You allowed Polteri to be played on the station, but I kind of...
Just because the whole soundtrack is fabulous. Yeah, it's a good soundtrack, and I actually like
Like the Polteri songs on there, so.
Also before we go to break, I want to talk to Angel and Magus a little more.
So you guys went, yeah, damn.
You come to the show and you have to talk.
Yeah, it was almost all over.
Oh, okay.
Now you guys went to this convention for There, the game?
Yeah.
Where was the convention?
San Mateo.
San Mateo.
And how was it?
Now for those that don't know what There is, tell us a little bit about it.
Kind of like if you've heard of Second Life or, it's MMO, you know.
They don't, they, uh, multi-, massively multi-, yeah, you know, MMO without RPGs.
MMO.
It's, it's more of a virtual world than it is an MMO. It's massively multiplayer, but it's not an RPG.
Right.
It's like a graphical chat, or is there a game to it, or?
Basically, it's like that, but you have, uh, it's just based around a series of islands and such, and you have, like, buggies and hoverboards and hoverboats, and you can own property and, uh, play several mini-games in there.
it's not easy and it's it's a social and then i'll
you know what it is
that's interesting it's order i wonder why i don't hear more about it well how
many people are at this convention
uh...
about fifty five or so
okay cool and what kind of what kind of stuff to begin
uh... had a lot of them
rule
like kind like meetings but not
like you know uh... each of the staff would give a presentation
on certain things
were involving the community of the game and
uh... whether it be economics or community involvement or just
you know it's just uh... open chat
they would we would split up whoever wanted to go to whatever
uh...
speech or whatever and uh... i don't know it was it was it was good
but she got to meet
uh... the people that
you
have interacted with
in the game
you know and gotten to be friends with finishes
is a very awesome experience
soon yeah
sounds good
very good times i'm very tired though
uh... thank you found a little bit higher but that's alright i'm i'm
usually tired at this convention usually
when you hear the uh... show that on or talk radio that's right after e three
you know we all have what you want to die it was kind of funny we also like
we want to die life blows you know don't yeah yeah yeah hotels he it was a nice
hotel but it's like I want to go home now bye hmm all right a quick follow-up
to the phone call we just had on these repetitions I mean the chat room want to
share this I mean instead saying the another for V has quite possibly the
hardest chart of any song up until 2d x red red has scorpion fire so I'll bet
money that V is not in red consumer style so maybe that's one reason why V
keeps repeating because the difficulty okay I can see that maybe safe bet
although I would think most people they're going after the difficulty have
like five different versions of 2dx but yeah that's just me all right let's go
to break you guys when we come back we're gonna be doing the cage match and
more orange lounge radio we're gonna start it off with a little bit of a
nebula grass person LED here you know they read just now okay what Loki
tomorrow is international talk like a pirate day I heard about talk talk like
a pirate day is stupid you know the natural enemy of the ninja is the pirate
so I think tomorrow should be talked like a ninja day and just don't say
anything at all no you just speak in Japanese very hush Japanese like in the
movies you know as we walk around and everyone goes hi that was geeky all
Alright, we'll be back after this.
You
You
You
I need you
I need you
I need you
I hear you, I hear you, I hear you
I hear you
I hear you
I hear you
I hear you
I hear you
I hear you
I hear you
Gaming Radio, so uncensored that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us, Orange Lounge
Radio.
Hello everybody, and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
I hope you enjoyed some of the songs there on that break.
Nebula Grasper from the 2DX.
Ghosts from 2DDR.
AA or Double Ace, however you choose to pronounce that one, from 2DX Red as well.
And then I Feel. That was actually the DDR version, but of course I Feel was in both games.
Anyway, back to the show.
I feel better because I have vanilla milkshake.
Does your milkshake bring all the boys to the yard?
Thank you for resurrecting that joke that died years ago.
You know, that was just last year, wasn't it? That that song was big?
That was just last year. Wasn't that bad?
Alright.
DarkSakura, how you doing over there?
About to blast somebody.
Yeah, what's going on?
Apparently somebody on dig.com said that our podcast sucks because for some reason they added a ditzy girl to interrupt every sentence with a giggle.
What the fuck?
That ditzy girl they're referring to is actually Rob.
Yeah, I'm the ditzy girl apparently.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, first of all, first of all, I probably have more intelligence
in my little toe than this person does if they clone them on repeat ad infinitum, okay?
Secondly, is, you know, it's a stupid message board.
I get, are you going to dignify it with a response?
Although you kind of already did, but that's alright.
I haven't said anything yet.
Well, here's the thing, though, and you know, anybody that's coming over from the podcast,
because we had a little increase of listeners to this live show because of our podcast,
which is pretty cool.
I'm just going to say this, I've repeated his comment to quote and say which one I'm
referring to, and I'm just going to say this, next time listen to the podcast all the way
through before deciding. I'm sorry, but you're a loser. No, I'm not going to call him a loser
because I know my netiquette, but I am going to say that you were the giggling girl.
All right, that's fine. If you know the history of Orange Lawns Radio, this radio station
actually started with Dark Sakura and myself. Loki actually was not a part of the original
vision of the station, because we didn't really know Loki when the show first started. We
met him, we knew who he was, he was this guy.
You knew me!
We knew you, but we didn't know that much about you. Like, you came to the Bamani parties,
and we knew that you did things with memory cards and you did a lot of edits and stuff.
We knew that, but we didn't really know you, but you showed up to every single episode
of the first 20 shows and you were just a natural fit for the show, so we were like,
fuck it, we're gonna call Loki a co-host. So it's been Dark Sakura, myself, and Loki
since late 2001, so we didn't just add Dark Sakura to the podcast just so we could have
some tits on the podcast. I mean, seriously, okay? It's not, you know, we've...
But more tips on the podcast would be cool.
If we want to find some giggling girls, maybe we can get some, but I don't know.
Okay, here's my response.
I want to see what everyone thinks before I send it.
I'm wondering where Monkey Butler gets off calling...
First, Monkey Butler, okay?
Okay.
I'm wondering where Monkey Butler gets off calling me a giggling ditzy girl.
He said this about...
I said my because, you know, we all did it.
Right, right. I know.
Podcast Orange Downs Radio.
another gaming podcast that sucks because for some reason they added a
ditzy girl to interrupt every sentence with a giggle or an attempted joke
excuse me listen to the entire thing first I was not added I am a creator of
not only the podcast but of our three-hour live show which you've been
running for three years besides Rob is the giggling girl that's fine that's
fine and our chair once you post that our chat room wants a link to that oh
somebody actually found it that was nice wow look at our look at our listeners
Look at them go they they totally found that without us having to link them to it
They just got on the net and start searching and looking. Oh great. Now the listeners are gonna
That's all right, just remember it's just some guy this is some stupid kid it's just some stupid kid
Just be careful with what you say, of course then again, you know what what's the worst gonna happen more people decide to download our show
show damn damn alright our sky might want to mention also that we were voted
number one game podcast and podcast awards yes somebody please go into the
chat room and mention and not chairman but on that site mention that because I
forgot to um our sky doesn't matter it's like four pages back our skype line is
open orange thumbs radio.com click on interact with us and right now our Skype
list is kind of interesting because it says 6 over 66 so six people are online
out of 66 that we have on our buddy list there on I don't know 666 get it anyway
you know what's interesting though even though we are the best gaming podcast
according to the podcast words calm iTunes this week featured 16 gaming
podcasts on their front page in a gamers strike back type category. Orange Lounge Radio, not
one of them.
Well, iTunes has so much wrong with it.
But, well, we were on there before as well, too, so at least we can say that. We were
on as an interesting indie a while ago, so we can't complain too much. We don't have
the word game in our title. All right, Loki, hurry up your quick thought, because we got
a call on the line, Loki.
No, go ahead, take the call.
All right, we're going to take the call. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
You already know who this is.
Of course. Hi, Zaku. How are you?
Fine. What time do you mind?
Just seeing that DDR Strike is no joke now.
Obviously, you already heard Love is Orange.
That's all I have to say.
Yep, Love is Orange is going to be in DDR Strike. Very interesting.
First, I mean, we finally got some Oni steps. Yay.
I think that's kind of cool as well.
You know, what could be interesting is that we haven't really heard of a lot of Konami originals
be an EX too, we've heard of all these licensed songs, we haven't heard a lot of Konami originals
besides the one shown at E3.
Yeah, because Konami learned, you know, Konami learned that if stuff is leaked beforehand,
you know, people start bitching and moaning.
Exactly.
So that's why they're keeping it, yeah, that's why we haven't gotten, you know, that many
UltraMix 3 songs, you know, song names yet.
Zaku, I absolutely agree with you on that, believe it or not, I absolutely agree that
that's the reason why Konami is really good.
Konami's keeping it under wraps.
They're keeping it under wraps so you don't bitch about it.
Exactly.
That's basically how you do it.
You gotta, you know, you wait until the right moment, and in this case, DDR Stream 2 should
be coming out next week, so then we'll probably know what's going to be on it.
My god, is it really next week?
Next week?
Like, two weeks.
Yeah, I think it's the 27th.
Oh, okay, that's two weeks.
That's two weeks.
By my calendar, it's two weeks.
It reminds me, I gotta give my, uh, call to have him send me a copy.
I thought it was 27th, come on.
Okay, yeah, but, I still, forget it, it doesn't matter.
It's coming out in nine days. Fair enough. It's coming out in nine days.
Which is technically next Tuesday. So, in other words, yeah, everything's looking
good. The only problem I had with Tokyo Game Show
was Nintendo Revolution Controller. Going off topic right now.
Okay, what's your thought on Nintendo Revolution Controller, because that's been something
that we've talked about a little bit tonight. WTF. WTF.
You know, here it is, here it is Zaku, I think that in order to separate themselves from
Sony and Microsoft, they've got to take a gamble and try something different.
And I think that's what they're doing.
Is it going to be a good thing or a bad thing?
I don't know.
Will they put Kid Icarus on it?
That's my thing.
No I know, I know that.
How would you play, I mean I could understand, I could understand the control being used
has a gun just for, you know, for shooter games, but, you know, fighting games, I really
need you, you really need something.
Take the little sticky part that looks like a remote control, turn it 90 degrees, and
it looks like an old, it looks just like an old school NES controller.
Except thinner.
Think about it, yeah, take the remote, seriously, and I credit absolutely darktetsuya with pointing
his eyes out to me.
Take the remote, turn it 90 degrees.
You want us to pull it sideways, oh my god.
So there you go.
As I said, I'm just going for PS3.
Money's, you know, all in there right now.
I'm actually, believe it or not, I'm picking up an Xbox 360.
I'm going to have all of them.
I know I will, too, eventually.
It's going to be really hard to hack PS3 because Blu-ray is pretty tight up the ass.
Blu-ray is going to be damn near impossible to crack.
But that's what they said about DVD.
I'm telling you, man.
That's what they said about DVD.
Yeah, but you know, from what we're seeing, it looks like they pretty much fixed all the loopholes that DVD had.
In other words, Blu-ray was supposed to be something a lot better than DVD.
It was supposed to be almost invincible and perfect in that sense.
But you know, not everything is perfect.
Yeah, we'll see. If there is a way to crack it, somehow the hacking world will.
But we'll see, we'll see.
Okay, any other thoughts, Zaku? Because we've got to go pretty quick here so we can get some other people in before the cage matches.
Anything else?
Hello?
Yeah, I guess that's about it so far.
Alright then.
DDR Strike equals ONI. That's it.
Alright, we'll see. Have a good one, Zaku.
DDR Extreme 2 next week. Let's go.
Alright.
Later.
That kid's fun.
Alright, let's go to another call here.
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hey, this is SSJ100 Matt.
Hello, SSJ100 Matt, what's on your mind?
I just wanted to talk about the revolution controller.
Alright, what's up? What's your thoughts on the revolution controller?
Just basically it looks like everyone's Smash Brothers skills are going to be thrown out the window at this point.
But what about the little mock-up that Loki posted where you can plug the little remote thingy into a wave bird type controller?
I mean, that'll be just like a GameCube.
Do know that we can throw it out the window. We'll know when you throw it out the window.
I mean, it's possible, but you know, if you're gonna go to a tourney, you're just gonna see a lot of people just whaling around in remote control, trying to wave-dash.
Yeah, but this is a Star Wars fan's dream right there, because the controller can be a lightsaber in future Star Wars games.
And then, you know, you can just go around that...
Then they'll have revolutionary controller, or Revolution Controller Kid videos going around.
around. You know what it looks like? It looks like a Star Trek phaser. Kinda. Whoa, old school
flashback time. What? Who remembers Die by the Sword? I don't. This first person hack
and slash game where you either use the mouse to control literally the sword arm and you
can just slice hack and slash with that sword by moving the mouse or with a joystick. I'm
I'm thinking there were going to be some damn good sword fighting games, like say that Dragon Warrior sword game that never came out in the U.S.
There could be a sword fighting game as a launch title.
But you can't make a system out of the Dragon Warrior game and Ikaruga style games. You can't do a system out of it.
I know, but the possibilities are endless.
Well, possibly.
I hope.
Let's just call this what this is. This is what happens when, you know, the Power Glove has sex with the remote control.
The end. That's what it is.
You know what the Nintendo controller looks like to me?
Like, if you disconnected that one portion of it, it would look like a tampon.
Actually, with the little cord.
That doesn't look like a tampon.
Tampons don't have two A and B buttons.
Forget it.
SSJ100, Matt, any other thoughts on things you've heard about at Tokyo Game Show?
Well, like you, I'm also a little disappointed that the revolution may or may not have HD
capabilities on it.
You have caught me bitching about this in the forums incessantly, yes.
I was 480p.
Somebody had created something in the forums about the Nintendo revolution and the controller
and everything, and my immediate response was...
Was that you?
I'm sorry.
My immediate response in the forum was something to the effect of, you know what, I don't care
about the controller.
bitch about Nintendo Revolution right now is that there's no HD support. And as somebody
who's an HDTV owner, as I think a lot of Americans will be over the next three years, what the
F? How can you be a next-gen system and not support the next-gen picture technology? I
do not understand that at all.
Well, you know, praise... soon everything's going to be HD. I mean, I've actually shot
on HD cameras.
Ooh, cool.
So...
I, I know, everything...
I mean, I actually use the same exact...
You there?
Yeah, I'm here.
Just, I was just gonna say, just earlier tonight, um, my roommate was watching the Emmys pre-show
on the HD channel.
Like, okay, who cares about Star Jones in HD?
But it's out there now, so soon everything will be on HD.
It's inevitable.
Yeah.
But, yeah, I've actually used the same exact camera that they used on, uh, Episode 3.
Oh, very cool. Very cool.
Yeah, so, HD is not really any much different than regular, like digital-wise it's fine, I mean.
Right.
But, I don't know.
You know, little known fact, I actually, when I was in college, I also studied television.
Television was my major, media arts, communication design was my major.
So I played a lot with cameras when I was in college too and did a lot of studio work, so.
Yeah.
And worked for a TV station for a short time, so.
and i think that that's what i'm working on that
they go i mean actually
applied to g_-four last week
all that's right i remember reading everything
good luck with that if you'd if you'll get into work for the man you know don't
forget about us little people
well actually working for a tv show
no pressure but for the time being a mop and g_-four contacts mccall good luck
with that
see you in l a maybe
all right
all right well anyway at this you know what i'm at is there anything else you
you like to share with us tonight?
Uh, nope.
Alright.
Well then we're gonna let you go, see if we get any other calls and move on to the
cage match.
Alright?
Have a good one!
Yup, you too, bye.
Later.
Alright, more feedback there on the Nintendo Revolution controller, and uh, a lot, a lot
of people, just on the blogging scene out there, everybody that's got some type of
gaming blog in one way or another has some...
What guy?
What guy?
He's not online right now.
That's you!
Oh no, me?
I don't see any other calls coming in, so I think we're going to go ahead and we don't
want to run too behind in the show anyway.
We got to get into tonight's cage match, boys and girls.
The Orange Lounge Radio cage match here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to play three songs back to back, and you're going to vote for your favorite
song which will go into rotation all week long here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Our Bamani and video game music show, which plays 24 hours a day, 7 days a week on this
station when we are not live.
Alright, last week in the Orange Lounge Radio cage match, it was a very close cage match,
but in the end, Good Cool won it with just a couple votes over some of the other songs
that were in last week's cage match.
And it's a trance mix of blame, and it was Loki's pick, so that's the first song we're
going to hear tonight.
Again, as a reminder, you only hear a clip of last week's winner because it's assumed
that you've already heard the song in its entirety.
And then we're going to play two more songs for you guys in full.
You guys have to be in the chat room to vote, orangeontradio.com, click on chat, and let's
get it started here with a clip of song number one, Good Cool, with Chorus K, featuring Jeff
Coot with Blame, the trance mix.
You have left me sad for life, I've been away just like a night
I can't forgive it for you
Keep it in my mind, I will always find emotion still with me
Oh my heart still yearns, can't abide still, but I can't put up the pain
I would never, ever assume to leave me with a mental boost
You don't believe that's why I can't forget about the day
You never did not look like something that was just like a day
I can't forget about the day
I would never, ever seem to need me with a mental wound
To know the reason why I can't forgive and forget
You have left me sad for life, consider what's not my goodnight
I can't forgive and forget
Alrighty, that was song number one in tonight's Cage Match.
That was Good Cool with Chorus K featuring Jeff Koot with Blame.
Let's get into some new songs and see what kind of competition Blame has tonight.
The first one is Dark Sakura's pick.
Dark Sakura, what did you pick and why?
I really like Long Good Midnight Maximum Tune a whole bunch and the music in it is awesome.
This one is Yuzu Koshiro with Destination Blackout.
It's just a really cool song.
Alright, so this was not in tonight's pre-show because this is from the first game, right?
This is on the first soundtrack.
Alright.
The first CD.
Sounds good.
Yuzu Koshiro with Destination Blackout.
Enjoy.
Be quiet, I know it from all of me
Destiny set this new record
1, 2, 3, 4
1, 2, 3, 4.
Music
Music
Music
Three, two, one, go!
Once again, now!
Go for it!
One, two, three, four.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17,
Is it true?
Enjoy the truth
Victory
Is it true?
Once you get down
One, two, three, four.
1, 2, 3, 4.
Song number two in tonight's cage match, Yuzo Koshiro from Wangan Midnight Maximum Tune.
That was Destination Blackout.
What did you kids think of that?
We'll start off with Dark Sakura.
Yeah, I'm normally not a trans person at all, but this made me think of almost like taking
symphonic music and simping it up.
And I really like it.
I really, really like it.
I love all the music in the game.
It's a lot more fun to play that game stat instead of Eurobeat, so it gets a 9.5.
9.5 out of 10. He's a musical hero, he's like, he did a bunch of classic gaming music too.
Yeah, he's the real kind of big name in the gaming music scene right now.
Loki, what'd you think? It was a good song, it just wasn't one of my favorites on that CD.
It gets like an 8. Nate from Loki, Bugged, what'd you think of that one?
What were we, what? The song that you just heard, Destination Blackout.
Angel. Jackass. Angel.
Good stuff.
Nine.
Maybe I could give it a nine.
I'm used to hearing it all the time.
I don't know. I like it, but I hear too much of it.
I'll try to be unbiased. Nine.
I liked it, it was cool, it was the kind of song, it did get a little bit repetitive, which is odd because a lot of trans is repetitive, but it got a little repetitive for me, but it was like a cool song, like I could imagine myself driving down the road to that song, except I would want guns on my car, like in Spy Hunter, and I'm kind of frustrated that I don't actually have guns on my car, so, um, all in all, I don't know why I brought that up, but I just, I want to be able to shoot things for my car.
Well, if you do have guns in your car, you're gonna want the Peter Gunn theme.
You know what? I think that we should have something else, you know, something else in the cage match.
So I went really kind of random tonight, and this is a brand new synth-pop song that's on a different drum site,
and so I had to check this one out, and it's not in English, so it should be interesting.
this is silica gel with nada es eterno here on orange lounge radio song number three
Crev bilida, tus pesos llanos son mi morfina S esta puede su, no se quienso Y nunca te conoc
Nada se tieno, alguemos pece Nada es perfecto
Nada se tengo, todas tambre, y alguerre cuerdo
Alguerre cuerdo!
Evolados, las promesas y los sueos
Slo puedo un sueos, nos creimos, sueos de la entire
Un camo est poder con todarlo, nuestra pida, puedo una caler
En mundos paleros y estandes, no vuardere encor, no cmber que mi fe,
Oh
No
All right, that was song number three in tonight's cage match, Silica Gel with Nada Es Eterno.
Let's see what the host thought of that one, Dark Sakura.
What bothered me is I couldn't tell what language that was in because I didn't know if it was
Spanish or Italian?
We're pretty sure it's Spanish. I think it's Spanish, but...
But either way, I was baffled, and so bafflement takes the one from the score.
It was pretty good, though, overall.
Um, so I guess an eight.
An eight! Loki!
Um...
Ocho, from Dark Sakura. I don't know.
Ocho.
I didn't really care for it. It's seven.
Okay, Siete.
From, uh...
I'm gonna buck the trend here, um, I'm giving it an 8, it was pretty good, pretty catchy,
uh, pretty, uh, pretty lively.
Ocho!
From, uh...
I hate you.
From Te...
Uh...
Bente Teres?
I think?
Bente Teres?
Magus?
Alright.
Uh, Nueve for me. Nueve, I like it.
The only language I can count in other than English, well, other than like Apple Map, is German.
I like that song, it was cool, so it gets a nod. I think it's just kinda, it's very like, it's got a strong beat to it. I like the strong beat in that song.
Alright! Let's um, go and uh, see what the chatroom thought by allowing them to vote after this quick montage of the three songs you can vote for tonight.
tonight song number one tonight Good Cool with Chorus K and Jeff Koot with Blame.
And song number two you can vote for tonight is Yuzo Koshiro with Destination Blackout.
And song number three you can vote for tonight Silica Gel with Nada Es Eterno.
All right. Place vote now. Send us a private message in the chat room to Sky with your
vote for song number uno, song numero dos, or song numero tres. Place vote now. All right.
Meanwhile, we get into the part of the show where Loki tells us what's going on in the
simulation scene, that's right, the Dance Dance Revolution simulation scene and other
music games where you can download and simulate the music games for free on your PC.
Damn straight.
Of course, what we've been waiting for, Food Mix 2 has arrived.
It's unfortunately only in one format.
You can only download it in a set with basically Food Mix 1, Food Mix Plus, and Food Mix 2.
that's a 1.2 gig download for you. Wait, so it's Food Mix 1? Yeah, it's 1 plus and 2.
Wow, okay. And basically what they've done is they've changed all the animations in the
background to just one video clip now instead of having all the fancy stuff that they were
doing before. But, I have to say it's really cool. The music this time around though, a
A lot of it I'm not too... I don't like it too much, but it's pretty good still. And the animation is just amazing. They've really just outdone themselves.
And the other thing though is they have a bunch of really strange stuff that's in there. It kind of reminded me of old Moogle Hunter sim files.
Just really, really strange stuff that catches you off guard, like steps appearing out of nowhere and stuff like that. So, it's interesting. You gotta check it out.
And we have the link on our front page there, so definitely go check it out.
Alright, check that out.
Also on the front page of OrangeLawnTrader.com, something we hadn't mentioned yet until this point in the show,
but I definitely want to make sure we get that out there.
It's something that we actually teamed up with another audio company in Sacramento, Dark Records.
And also Club 21, Rapture.
Absolutely, Club 21, Rapture.
We're teaming up to do a fundraiser relief for Hurricane Katrina.
And kind of the concept behind this fundraiser is that we're not just trying to raise money
for the human need, but also the pet and animal need is kind of the little spin we're putting
on it.
Because I don't remember if it was you or Iguana Girl from DDR Freak slash Dark Record
she works on as well that originally found the story on the pets that were being neglected
due to the hurricane.
I had been following the pets myself, but she actually found the link on the Sacramento
SPCA website.
And they were taking donations of pet food, grooming items, any type of animal care items,
bedding, to give to the shelters, to the people who were housing, who were providing foster
homes for displaced pets, and that it's a lot easier for people who may not have a whole
lot of money to contribute in food.
Also we are, though, taking monetary donations for the human survivors as well.
Did you already post the link?
Well, if you visit orangemonitor.com, you can't miss it.
There's a huge banner.
It's right up at the top.
It's right up at the top.
They're taking donations via PayPal on the Dark Records site that's set up for the collection.
Anyone in the Sacramento area, if you go to Club 21 on Thursday nights for Rapture, which
is the goth industrial night, there are donation boxes around for physical items as well as
monetary donations.
The physical items at the end of the month, by the way, we're taking anything.
We're having a massive ghetto garage sale, and we are going to be selling off this stuff
to the community, and the money is going to be going directly to the Red Cross.
The leftover items are all going to the Salvation Army Thrift Store, so everything donated will
be put to use.
And if you have something specifically for animals, if the money you want to give or
items in particular you know you can leave a comment this is for the animals
by pet supplies with this okay great but we really are you know even if all
you can give is a dollar that's a dollar more that people are going to have to
buy food and and on top of that the thing that I'm actually getting pretty
pleased with the Red Cross they're cracking down on those people who were
using those debit cards to buy you know Louis Vuitton bags that pissed me off so
much but they're cracking down on that they're really trying to make sure that
the money is being used for things that are needed. Yes so now you know it's it's
a little easier if you're in the local area to really get involved with this by
you know going out to club rapture checking out the the garage sale that
we're gonna do that we have more information on later on not just
Sacramento but you know our neighboring areas as well Bay Area Stockton Modesto
those areas as well can certainly get in on this. Our worldwide folks, though, because
we know we have a lot of people that listen through, you know, obviously our live show
as well as the podcast, we do have that monetary donation thing basically set up just for you
guys so that you guys can get involved in this as well. So we really hope, you know,
obviously we don't want to force you guys, but think about it. It's a good cause.
And I'll tell you what, if you want to send something to donate, you know, if you want
to send pet supplies our way, email me. I'll get you my address.
Or you could just contact your local SPCA, too.
You could do that, too.
See if you're doing something similar.
As long as the money or the items go to help, that's all we're interested in.
Absolutely.
All right, so check that out on orangeonshooter.com.
We'll be mentioning that again every week until this is over, because this is an important
cause.
Absolutely.
All right, we're going to go to a break, guys, and I'm going to tally up the votes from the
cage match.
So it is last call for cage match votes, last call for cage match votes.
And we're going to go to our break, and when we come back, we'll announce the winner of
cage match and we'll do the FUs of the week when we come back and who knows what else
is on our mind.
Loki.
I was just going to mention that my copy of In the Groove is coming and for all those
people that are like concerned, oh, has he changed his mind?
No.
This is the one that I'm writing This Game Sucks on and it will be given away.
So Loki will be writing This Game Sucks on a copy of In the Groove.
Now remember, the opinions of Loki do not necessarily reflect those of Orange Lawn's
radio or its staff. It's Loki's opinion. He's going to write this game sucks on the game,
but hey, free game.
I share the opinion.
I'm not totally like-minded. I halfway share the opinion. There's half I like and half
I don't like, so I halfway share the opinion.
I might chew on the manual a bit.
I would put this game kind of sucks. How about this? This game could be better, is what I
would write. This game could be better.
I want to burn part of the manual.
All right. Anyway.
We'll be allowed on it.
Okay, kids, we'll be giving that away. So free game, whether you like it in the group or not, free game, and we're giving it away.
I will personally run over the box with my car for you.
Alright, okay. We're going to break. We'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio after this.
Let's start off with some colors from 2DX.
I
Every time I lose my self-control It feels like I can't let you go
I'm at the point of no return
Don't ever wanna come back down
I'm not so high above the ground
This feeling I will always feel
Keep taking away
I'm flying, I'm gonna head for paradise
Nothing to say
I'm cryin' and I wanna feel my fear tonight
Lookin' back when I was a child and dreamin'
Looking back when I was your child and dream
Oh damn, I'm sure that you would tell it to me
Every finger would set me free and fly away
Looking back when I was on chat and dream
Oh damn, I'm sure that you would come to me
I've been facing you, save me free, and fly away to everywhere
I could do anything
I can get up and I want
I get up and I want
Hey then, looking back when I was on Chet and Blaine
Those are my changes to come to mean
The first one and it's ready, I'll fly away
Like you're so beautiful, beautiful, beautiful
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful
After all, I've come to be a man.
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
We're back, kids.
Did you miss us?
Orange Montreuil.
Here, shut up, in studio.
In that break, colors, quickening, drifting.
I didn't even realize I inadvertently
put two Taka songs back to back, but whatever, deal.
Drifting Away and Beautiful Days by the one and only Fantastic
Plastic Machine.
I went through a, I found Fantastic Plastic
Machines doing something that's on a compilation that's
got gorillas on it, too, I think.
You nerd.
But I saw it on something else, um, though, another, it's like some, something that Fantastic
Plastic Machine's doing with, crap, and it was at Target, and it wasn't Gorillaz, actually,
it was, I was looking for another compilation.
How about if it's Target?
I want it.
It wasn't Target, it was at Best Buy.
Target is so sexy.
Well, fuck Best Buy.
No, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
I buy, I buy stuff at Best Buy.
But I can't remember what it was, but it was another Fantastic Plastic Machine song on
this random compilation, I almost bought it.
It sounds like good music for commercials, really.
The whole CD, though, the beautiful CD by Fantastic Plastic Machine, is just interesting.
But it has taped me to the disco on it. That's almost cool.
I won Cage Match with that once.
You did?
Let's find out who won tonight's Cage Match, shall we?
I remember that banner. That's the awesomest banner.
I'm going through all my old banners, and I found one that I made for Rob with Bob Barker on it.
And it says, The Sky Is Right.
I had that font, though.
It's great.
The only reason I don't use that anymore is because now I horror Orange Lounge Radio and my banners on all the websites.
I still have to see him before he dies.
Bob Barker, next year before E3, since you get to go now.
I can't go before E3, remember.
And there's a lot of stipulations because I'm getting married before E3 before.
Bitch!
I'm kidding, I love Nellie.
But what a bitch!
You know, I'm gonna be lucky if I get to go this time.
I know, I know.
Hey, nobody's making you get married, except maybe your fiance.
I should be like...
I don't see why you can't do the cheap DMV style one like me and Dan did.
Cause she doesn't want a cheap DMV style one.
It was only $114.
Alright, let's get to tonight's cage match winner since Dark Sakura brought up the cage
match.
Did she win it again?
Let's see.
I won it last time.
I know, but I'm saying again as in cause she had that fantastic plastic machine.
What, 130 episodes ago that won it.
all right anyway um tonight actually it was kind of a landslide vote one song really took
the majority of the votes um kind of close second place very distant third tonight's
winner was destination blackout
handful of votes though for song number one blame not so many votes for nada es eterno
I guess you guys just aren't feeling the love.
All right, so Dark Soccer wins tonight's cage match.
She doesn't have to pick a new song last week.
That means I can sleep in next week.
I don't think I've won a cage match now in about three months.
So I'm getting mad.
You should pick a better song.
You can suck my dick.
All right.
Something is really fucked up.
Well, last week was supposed to be the fucked up thing,
but it got a ton of votes.
All three songs last week were very close.
It very narrowly lost.
So now I'm just going to have to get really, really fucked up.
Like, I have another song that is just, it's god-awful bad.
It is, it's the worst thing I've found on the iTunes music store.
And I'm going to play it next week, I think, out of spite for our listeners.
But at least my song got a couple votes.
That makes me happy.
At least I got a couple votes, so I'm not as mad.
All right.
DarkSakura, we've been teasing this a little bit throughout tonight's show.
You have gotten yourself into a brand new MMO.
What is it?
I'm playing World of Warcraft. World of Warcraft, sucker. About time one of us did. I know, World of Warcraft is a huge game and nobody's really, none of the three of us have really gotten into it yet. It's so pretty. Yeah, I heard it's a pretty game.
What made you decide you want to start playing World of Warcraft? Cause I know a bunch of people who play it. Yeah? And it's not Final Fantasy XI. Hey now, watch it, watch it. I'm sorry, I gave Final Fantasy XI a humongous try. I know.
and I hated being forced into hanging out with a bunch of people that I didn't know
and healing their stupid ungrateful asses
That's people's major bitch about Final Fantasy XI is the forced farting
I don't have to do that in World of Warcraft and if I played a hunter I can have a pet crocodile
Croggies! It's a pet crocodile!
Who was that guy, the crocodile hunter that had his movie? What?
Erwin!
I'm playing a night elf druid, because I want to turn into a kitty.
That's really it. I was like, ooh, I can turn into a cat. Okay, I think it's cool.
And Magus, who's been playing World of Warcraft for a while, is over there going, don't do that, it sucks. It sucks.
Seriously, cat form sucks. It's a scammer.
But it looked like druids have a lot of neat stuff that they can do later on, so I'm looking forward to it.
See, yes exactly. Burnout Revenge. And I still have to play Magic Penjel, or not Magic Penjel, Graffiti Kingdom. I bought that game like a while ago and I had to play it.
You know, I have your Magic Penjel game.
Sorry, I have my version on the hard drive.
I gotcha, I gotcha.
Speaking of which, I still have your DER Max 2, I think.
I want that back.
I don't know how we ended up with two U.S. copies of it, I mean, cause, but, whatever.
I've been playing Pump It Up lately, and if you listen to last week's show, I'm kinda liking Pump It Up, believe it or not, on Xbox.
No, it's really good! Like, I know, I know, even I would've, like, if I were listening to myself, like, three weeks ago, I would've said,
Rob, you're smoking dope. But no, it's really a fun dance game on the home version.
I know! Stop looking at me like that!
Rob?
What?
You're smoking dope.
I know.
Ain't no one else no one's playing? I'd be in the group.
I did see In The Groove at Best Buy and it had dust on it.
You guys are awful.
I'm going to go pour dust on this.
I know, I'm being very serious.
You guys are just ruthless.
I don't care about In The Groove because I'm over it.
It's done.
All right.
They have their In The Groove.
I heard they cut the price of it though.
Is that just on DRP's special?
It's a sale. It's a sale that's going on. It's not DDR4, it's just Red Octane. They clear out their extra copies they aren't selling and, you know, I bought one. So I'm only helping.
I know, isn't that... If you think about it, even though Loki is saying how much he hates this game and stuff, he just helped them out by buying a copy legitimately just to give away to somebody.
So you can't, you know, you can't hate him too much in the group of fans because he ended up supporting your game after all. So taunt him relentlessly over that.
Doesn't matter.
Alright. Alright kids, it's that time of the show where we're gonna get a little bit angsty
and it's time to get into the FUs of the Week. So if you have some FUs of the Week, send
those on over to me. And DarkSakura, why do we have to do these FUs of the Week every
single week? Grr. Argh.
Uh. A big FU goes toward the flu or whatever the fuck it was I had. Cause I was miserable
And now I'm still getting weird fatigue from it too.
So, an F.U. goes to having a geography exam on Wednesday, but on the same day I have to
get my ass up at like 4.30 in the morning to get Dan to the airport at 6, so he can
fly off to a big ol' happy GameStop video game manager conference and get free shit.
Well, I have to go to work that morning, dammit!
And have to deal with a 30 minute lunch and then an exam afterwards that I really don't
want to go to.
very much and an SU goes to being told I was going to be prescribed antibiotics
for the sinus infection part of what I had and then going all the way to the
pharmacy to find out oh no I'm sorry they didn't prescribe that and then
telling them to refill my decongestant and having them not do it just refill my
ibuprofen instead but and another as you goes toward people who like to just try
to kill me while I'm driving you know I think that they're retards if you to in
the groove because it bites what and if you to for some reason World of
Warcraft not letting me use my controller and I haven't seen anything on
how to set up a controller config on it. That is the biggest piece of shit I have ever heard
my entire life. Um, actually I do the point click mouse thingy, which is like playing
rock and rock. But uh, okay I'm gonna be sending some hate mail to Blizzard, so that's it.
So, that's it.
Anyways. The only monkey butler I can think of is Brett Butler. But um, no. So first off, fuck you to stupid old people that can't drive the speed limit. You know the type, the ones that are pulling out of the church parking lot on Sundays. Fucking, they have the glory of God holding the breakdown on their goddamn car. So, fuck you to them, they should burn in hell.
Um, also, uh, I wanna say fuck you to the Kia Rio dealership, um, or basically, yeah, Folsom Lake Kia, um, over here in, uh, Folsom, California, because they did not have goddamn pretzels in their snack machine, so I had to settle for some cheddar sour cream, um, ruffles, and the fucking machine didn't give me any change back, just like a normal car salesman, so fuck them.
And, um, let's see what else. Oh, also, um, fuck you to the fact that I only have enough time to play, um, all these games that I'm getting for free.
Oh, you poor thing! Poor me. Give it to me! I did nothing this week! Nothing!
You played fucking Final Fantasy XI?
I fucking wouldn't have if I had something else to play.
No, I'm just kidding.
Miklotov guilted me into it. What can I say?
So, yeah, um, there was something else here, um, ah, whatever, I-I can't remember it, just, you know, mainly fuck you old people for driving slow.
And those people that don't signal! Fuck them too! I hate those people that need to weave through traffic to get, like, five seconds ahead of everybody else.
And fuck the people who actually try to change lanes into the spot that you exactly are existing in right now.
Or the ones that pretend that your car's not there and don't let you in when you're signaling.
Those are usually the people that I cut off.
That's usually me, actually.
Alright, I'm done.
An FU to my washer, because it constantly gets my clothes off balance.
Like, every time I do a load of laundry in there, it starts spinning.
And it sounds like the psycho washer from hell, because it's going...
And we live upstairs, mind you, so I know those people that live downstairs are not happy with us.
not happy with us. There's nothing you can do. And an F.U. to myself for forgetting that
I need to go to the washer and take my clothes and put them in the dryer, because they've
been sitting in the washer for about, oh, three hours now. So, way to go, Rob. Smart,
smart thing. And now, nice and mildewy fresh will my clothes be. That's it. I'm short on
F.U.s tonight. That's it. So let's get to our guests tonight, starting off with Bugd
and his F.U.s of the week.
Bugd F.U. to Hooters, actually. Not for the boobs and cleavage, but for using MSG on
their wings gave me a migraine they use MSG on their wings yeah well between my
brother and his two friends and I we went through 50 wings oh my god but my
brother's my size and so were his friends so yeah that was that was the
beginning of my week Monday was go to Hooters have wings have migraine for
next two days have you to line at Hooters being way too long walk right in
When? Monday. Monday night? No, Monday afternoon.
3-4. See, that's why. I'm going to try going down. That's you to working, huh?
Hooters is kind of icky anyway. Hooters is a little bit overrated, but there's something
I can't explain that. I know what some of you guys that have been listening to this show for a
while are thinking, Rob, you're gay. What's the deal with Hooters?
I can't explain it. It's the same reason I go to strip clubs. Boobies are hilarious.
We fought through a crowd to get to Hooters.
We did a concert. We did when we were at E3 in LA
randomly that Thursday or Friday night, I think it was the Thursday night of E3, we were on
Hollywood Boulevard, our hotel, right?
Audioslave? Audioslave was having a free concert in the middle of the fucking street.
We had to cut through a crowd to get to Hooters,
which was empty, of course, because of the, um, because of the, uh,
concert that was going. In hindsight, we probably could have just gone around the block, but, you know.
My whole thing about Hooters is the same thing about fucking Krispy Kreme.
I grew up with this stuff. It's not special.
But it's new. It's not special and it's not new.
To those of you guys in the rest of America, understand
Sacramento is, and I seriously think I read this somewhere, Sacramento is the
only major city in the nation that has not had a Hooters until this year.
The real reason to rejoice is if we get Waffle House.
I would also like more Shoney's
Shoney's, Waffle House,
we need Shoney's, Waffle House, and
Cracker Barrel.
Oh please, please. Cracker Barrel's a little bit overrated to me.
There's three places that I just named off or not within driving distance unless I feel like taking three days to get there.
I don't know. Cracker Barrel's in Salt Lake City. That's only 12 hours.
You East Coast people can keep your Hardee's, because Carl's Jr. is way better than Hardee's.
It's the same fucking restaurant!
No, it's way better here.
They're owned by the same people!
And you don't have Jack in the Box.
But you can't get fried chicken or biscuits and gravy at Carl's Jr.
Alright, let's let Bug finish.
An F.U. to Apple for the iPod Nano.
It's so damn sexy and looks so nice and it's really damn small
and it doesn't support my most useful item I have for my 20 gig, which is the wireless remote where I don't have to actually look at the machine, or the iPod.
It's kind of crummy. It looks nice, and the headphone port's on the bottom. It's really strange looking.
Alright, Magus.
Alright, you know I've had these saved up for a long time. Make it quick, it's a three hour show.
Who'd guess?
No pooling in explicit, thank you.
Do not give them our number. We don't help with that shit.
Nobody on the internet knows what you're talking about right now, but that's okay. That's what this is all about.
Second of all, fuck you to these PvP server rejects that think they're gonna roll on the new World of Warcraft PvP roleplay servers.
which are basically roleplay naming policies and in-character stuff with player-versus-player contested area rules.
Now, you have these people harassing roleplayers left and right and then saying,
we're exploiting the rules against them.
Hello, if you didn't break the rules, you wouldn't get busted for them.
Likewise to forums. If you don't break the rules, you don't get banned for them.
Are you a mod on GameFAQs yet?
out
Angel no if use angel. I'm gonna give an angel on behalf
I'm gonna get you know I'm gonna give an f you on behalf of angel f you to
All that walking around angel did at the convention cuz she's sore and you can tell she's tired as hell all right
I'll relay one for f you to hotel beds and
Getting lost in the middle of hotels that do it for you. Okay. Okay. That was a personal f you all right
Let's get to the chat room at fuse
F you to my DS for not having a sound system. It's simply gone.
F you to me fucking up my knee and not having a clue as to how the hell I did it and having to limp around during work.
F you to having to work today period because the Arnold days parade being the same day as my mom's union picnic.
I would give you one for the parade itself, but I got a minimum of an hour of being stuck in drive-thru without actually having to take drive-thru orders.
Zaku says, F you to State University Police for thinking I, a Hispanic, took their barricade to my place when my roommate actually took it.
That's like one time I got busted in college for smoking pot, and it was my roommate, and the bastard left.
He left, and like not even five seconds later, I walk in and I smell pot, and then my door is open and my RA walks by and he smells pot.
I'm like, do I look like... oh, I was so mad.
When my roommate was so obviously a pothead. He was such a pothead!
Amen!
That's how he laughed. He had that total stone laugh.
We just had the bottles of booze hidden in my closet.
Anyway, Zaku also says F you to Tokyo Game Action.
We're going to Great Links to get Happy Sky.
Konami is going to blacklist the person who gave it to you, so enjoy it while it lasts.
F you to snitches in general for their snitching ways of ruining all the fun.
ruining all the fun. I'll say it. I'll say it Loki. Loki! You snitch! Oh yeah, like I
ruined it for everybody. Sakurina the papa music yohah whore says, F you to my brother
for not covering his mouth when he throws up everywhere, splashing me with vomit. Oh
my god, that's disgusting! I got puked on in a casino once that way. Random person walking
A random person walking by just started puking on everything, including the people nearby.
And FU to the fucker on Digg who called Rob Jamie Takash, I don't know what Takash is,
the ditzy girl.
Dark Tetsuya says FU to G4 for ruining the concept of MMO Oregon Trail and a final FU
to AOL, can't say I miss it.
What? Did they do an MMO Oregon Trail thing on G4?
What?
What? That was our joke. That was our joke.
What what what I want more information. I swear to God. I'm calling the lawyer, please elaborate
I swear to God that MMO Oregon Trail thing started right here
bastards
MPQ says F you to myself for already wanting a bigger monitor when this one is brand new F
You to one-handed play in 2dx. I suck now
Did you darken night dark night
I just say darken night because I was reading in the chat room somebody just written poppiny
roha and I said darken night.
Dark night says F you to six fucking days of work coming to me and F you having a free
laptop and no power cord to plug it into.
Acer 800 says F you for having a history test to study for and English essay to write in
the same week.
Nm64dialupsucks says, F you to my sociology teacher giving us a 4 page packet for homework
over the weekend. F you to my laptop that it can't take a 3 foot fall without cracking
the screen when it's closed. F you to the noobs that dissed the revolution controller
without reading the articles and watching the videos. F you to all the noobs on the
mgg board on game facts
i got a big bingo from uh...
goggle not google but goggle
says f you to people who call me kubal i'm not a search engine
i could i think i'll go
easy modious
i hope it's a great eight
as modulus on sorry is that a character in the demon actually as modulus all
Hell, somebody knows they're demons.
All right, FU to Ikaruga for being too fucking hard,
having that huge-ass fish on the third stage.
And that guy who beat it on hard without dying.
Just turn your screen sideways.
DS191 says, FU to the local mall in my area
for replacing DDR within the groove.
FU to Comcast for not firing G4's CEO sooner.
And FU to people who think songs have a dance beat label
at techno.
Go back to listen to your stupid punk-pop rock and mediocre hip-hop bullshit.
I have, I have, um...
Hold on!
Rene? What? What?
I have the update on the, uh, Oregon Trail thing.
All right, wait. After the po- After this. After this.
Rene says,
F you to bad posture because my entire lower arm is hurting,
and one for my iPod because
O-L-R interrupt my good streaks of songs when the thing's on shuffle songs.
Sorry to ruin your day.
Zaku says F you to the Nintendo Revolution controller for being a fake-ass anti-fighter game phaser.
Nintendo should set their revolution phaser on stun and sodomize themselves with it.
Only on the internet.
SSJ100Matt says F you to the Yankees not in the playoffs.
Yeah, let's go Yankees.
Alright, that's it, that's it.
Alright, what's the fault? I wanna know, what the hell?
Did G4 yank our idea? What the fuck?
No, it's kind of retarded.
Oh, okay.
What it is, is the show host, they're playing, it's almost like, you know, like playing an actual role-playing game, they're on, basically the users are giving them what they're supposed to do, like for example, they had just tried to cross a river, and cocked their wagon, and it tipped over, and now Sarah's dead, so it's, one of the hosts is dead now, um, it's just, it doesn't even sound like they're trying to do it.
Okay, so it's not an MMO?
No, it's not an actual game, it's just something fun they're doing on forums.
putting the phone down then.
We don't have to call the lawyers.
Put the phone down.
But I was a little irritated there for a minute.
I thought my rights was feeling violated there a little bit.
Because day one, what they do, it
says we started on an on-set game of the classic role
playing game, Oregon Trail.
And we want you to play along with us.
And it says, so basically what they've done
is they're just actually doing it.
playing the actual game in studio or whatever when naming all the people as
the hosts names and so then they're basically having the users tell them
what to do next okay that's all it is we could do that too if we wanted to but
we've got better things to do with our time exactly when I play Oregon Trail I
want my own private game I don't want you people tell me what to do with it we
need to mod Grand Theft Auto San Andreas to play Oregon Trail on all right kids
You guys have been asking for it, it's been like a month since we've been able to do this.
We are going to do a little bit of Ask Orange Lounge.
Send a private message to Sky with any question you want to ask us and we'll get to those questions as soon as this break is over.
We're going to start it off with a little bit of Taku in this break with Electro-Tuned.
Enjoy.
Video
Can we grow the beauty of my head?
Oh, do you want a funky music?
Everybody funky music.
Tonight is the night.
Monkey music is the night.
Oh do you wanna monkey music?
Everybody from King Mill City
And now, let's listen in to an
Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of the new programming coming
to Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music and More
program. Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up the volume from Tuesday nights?
Except of course the subject that was just under discussion.
Okay, well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the tack music we play
on the station?
I collect your fucking head, just like this fucker here.
Oh my God.
Why did you do that to Loki?
The holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke.
Now, if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, now's the fucking time!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
And that break, electro-tuned, and from Puppet Up, Funky Tonight, let's get into Ask Orange
Lounge.
Let's Ask Orange Lounge, some stupid question.
What will we find out tonight on Orange Lounge Radio?
It's been a little while since we've done this segment with new listeners.
Tonight should be a barrel of monkeys fun.
a barrel of monkeys and right there a monkey
with a little barrel of monkey things
but it's uh... monkey fun
the ex-jason xd are one and only webmasters starts up tonight
orange lounge why does wyoming stock so freakin badly
you know we might have a listener to from wyoming and they might never
jackson hole is that's right jackson hole is that would be right sucks
night
it's very great it is a large hole it's it's
The reason why it sucks is because nobody lives there, so there's not a lot to do unless
you like snow.
You know what?
But it's very pretty.
You know what?
What?
My mother-in-law was born in Wyoming.
I've been across Wyoming three times, and I stopped like four times.
And most of the stops are at Little America, yay, 35 cent ice cream.
Dark Tetsuya, what license Konami original DDR song would you girls and guys most like
I would like to see an Extreme 2 or Ultramix 3.
Anybody want to kick us off? What licensed song do you really want to see in Extreme 2 or Ultramix 3?
I would like New Echo Image. K, thanks. Never Ending Story. K, thanks.
Dark Sakura? Loki? Anything?
Get Loki a mic.
Damn sure you need a mic.
I would have to say I think I think we need some ultimate cheeseburger in there
The ultimate cheeseburger song
Debbie Gibson's electric blue, but does she mean electric youth
Electric you head into the blessing of into the blue. Yeah, I got one what?
Might not might not have heard though expansion union playing with playing with lightning. You may have heard on the movie blade
Legend of Zaku wants to know, how come girls love the smell of Axe body spray?
And as a gay male, I can tell you it's not only the girls.
Being a Hispanic, do you have any good pickup lines for picking up white chicks?
Dark Soccer, I'll defer that question to you.
Have any good lines for picking up white chicks?
Who's Hispanic here?
Legend of Zaku is a Hispanic.
Who's one of us?
You're a white chick, so you should know what pick up lines will work on you.
I'm married!
Well, but, imagine it's, you know, five years ago before, how long have you known Dan?
Five years?
Six years?
Imagine it's seven years ago.
I've known Dan for ten years.
Okay, then eleven years ago, what was a pick up line that would have worked on you?
years ago I was like in high school okay I'll tell you that here it is here it is
hey baby I like peanut butter you want to fuck there it is no it's called be
genuine don't be an asshole and don't go hey chica because yeah that actually has
been tried on me before I shot that down all right um and don't date girls in
I have used that before. It rotates for the Chat Room FUs, the song every week.
Will the Orange Launch Radio crew sign a copy of In the Groove if I send one to them?
Sure, but that doesn't mean we'll send it back.
No, we will. Will we sign it?
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah, we will, but we don't take responsibility for what we write on it.
But what will you sign it with?
My dick!
Yes, I'll rub my fat cock against it.
Two fat cocks? Rubbing together? Oil?
Forget it. Bad Orange Tons Radio Inside joke.
And a special question for Loki, what do you think of the subliminal anal sex if you wear polarized lenses while playing Graffiti Kingdom?
What?
Granted, there would be some characters we might draw that look like, you know, anal sex, but um...
What?
Acer800 wants to know, what's monkeys fun?
Oh, and what's the square root of 443,556?
Uh, get a calculator. Seriously,
just get a calculator. In fact, actually I think I have one on my desktop here,
if I can fire up the calculator program here, and I will
switch that over to the scientific mode because scientific mode will allow me to
do square roots here. It has more buttons.
It has more buttons, that means it must work better, right?
So 443, 556, where's the square root button?
I know it's on here somewhere, right?
Oh, shit.
666.
Shit.
Is it 666, really?
Damn you, bugs, damn you.
Haha, 666, double joke.
MPQ, is there any point in playing 2DX one-handed?
So you can master it with the other.
dark night wants to know okay cast what do you think was the best orange lounge
radio bad joke of all time let me rephrase that worst I would say the
bleached asshole thing went way too far I could say something really mean but we
banned that a long time ago God okay yeah yeah I know what you're talking
Let's just say that the biggest joke could be transposed into a lizard.
I am the worst joke ever to hit Orange Land Radio.
Oh no, there's worse.
SSJ100 Matt wants to know, besides Kid Icarus, what characters would you like to see in the next Super Smash Brothers?
That's a tough one.
Oh, well actually it was Pit. He wasn't Kid Icarus, he was Pit. So I want to see Pit.
I would like to see the Eggplant Wizard, actually.
Eggplant Wizard, yeah!
But, okay, but I guess if I have to go outside the realm of Kid Icarus, I would like to see the guy from the wizard with the power glove.
I want to see Samus versus the Guardian. Even though it wasn't purely Nintendo, because it was first on MSX, wouldn't that just be an awesome fight? Because I think it would be a pretty dead even match. Except that I think the Guardian actually gets more weapons.
I would like to see Nestor, Howard in Nestor, I would like to see on the next Super Smash Bros. a Nintendog get in there.
Yeah!
Get a puppy in there.
Puppy battle! And he poops on you.
Alright, I know, seriously I know we have probably enough Fire Emblem characters in current Smash Bros. Melee, but I would like to see Hector in there.
Yeah.
I would like to see at least someone representing an axe.
Okay. All right. All right. I think we've given you a lot of good ideas there. Anyway.
Moving on. Sefie would like to know, and this is the perennial question that comes up once
every 50 shows or so, so there's no problem. We can't answer this again. Where did you
guys come up with the name Orange Lounge? So we get this question quite a bit. No biggie.
My fault.
Well, no, wait. We both came up with this when we were on the train there. We knew we
wanted to do a radio station that had to do with DDR and Bimani games was kind of
the root. We started with our love of music-based video games. The podcast was
separate because we knew we wanted to grow eventually outside the mold of
music-based games and talk about other video games because we're gamers first
and music game fans second, but we knew when we first started this whole thing
in 2001 we wanted to do something dedicated to specifically the music
video games and Orange Lounge is a band that does some of the music for these
games. That's Orange Lounge right there. And Orange Lounge just sounded like a good radio
show name, because like a lounge, like we're lounging around and talking about games. Because
the feel of the show is very much the feel, I think, that we're trying to emulate from
the show I used to be a part of, which is Under Sedation Live, where it was just a bunch
of us and it sounded like we were sitting around at Denny's talking about nothing.
I visited there a lot. I filled in for you once, and I filled in for Guanagirl once.
Dark Soccer was a frequent guest over on our station live. So we're just trying to create
that Denny's talking about whatever vibe. So that's us, Orange Lounge. We gotta hurry
up here. We got a bunch of questions still. Lots of questions here. I'm going to ask just
one of them from NM64. What's gonna be the first game you'll download for the Nintendo
One NES, SNES, and Nintendo 64.
If it could be any. Any.
Actually, Nintendo's catalog. Let's say Nintendo's catalog. Fuck, no Guardian Legend.
Cause that would really be it.
Um, Nintendo. I'll start.
I know mine. Kid Icarus, duh. Super Mario Kart, or
Super Metroid. It's a tough call. One of the two.
64, Mario 64.
Okay, mine would be, um...
No, Pokemon Snap.
I would probably have to say Kid Icarus.
And then either Star Fox or, um,
or Zelda A Link to the Past, probably Zelda.
Um, and then 64, it would be, um, Ocarina.
Okay.
Logie?
Um, I would have to say, I guess, Super Mario Brothers, I guess, and then, um, I would have
to do, um, oh, Legend of Zelda, Link the Past, and then, um, Star Fox 64.
Ooh, good call.
That was fun.
Because Mario 64, I'm tired of it after the DS.
She definitely never got Robotech Crystal Dreams.
We gotta hurry, gotta hurry.
More questions here.
We gotta get through.
We're running over.
Renee would like to know, I've got a BeatMania noob question.
I'm anticipating the US version and then wondering how far the game makes you go to make the
music.
Are we gonna have to key in every aspect of the song that's being played?
On the anothers, pretty much yes.
But on the easy ones and when you get into beginner modes, like hitting one button will
will do the whole range, whereas in seven-key mode,
you would actually have to hit do, do, do, do, do.
It dumbs down the key notes, obviously,
when you go into easy mode.
And in fact, a lot of times in easy mode,
if you just watch what happens.
Go into easy mode and just start the song
and don't press anything at all.
You'll actually hear that quite a bit of the backbeat
is already presented.
And you're usually just playing along to a melody or something.
usually seven keys just kind of adds in a backbeat or light seven I don't know
if they get progressively harder it's not till the another's where you're
pretty much really having to play every beat so don't get scared off it
especially I you know the American one is gonna have a very accessible beginner
mode light seven seven key another progression assuming that another's make
it to America but I don't see why they wouldn't it would be really stupid
economy not to do it he also would like to note Rini would like to say popcoon
porn is hooray you just want to push their buttons right lastly last question
from goggle this is a good one to end in and sorry to those of you guys whose
questions we didn't get to tonight goggle would like to know why do I have
to take economics dark sakura you are you are a motivational person here that
that motivates us to learn and get economics yeah why do you have to take
economics because colleges are fucking retarded to make us take all these
classes we don't need to have nothing to do with our majors what use is world
Geography, gonna do me in an Art major.
That was very nice motivational speech there.
I appreciate that.
You take it because they make you, then you use your economic skills to make their bank
accounts suffer.
So you can balance your checkbook?
I don't know.
No, that's not even what it's...
I know, I know.
I took...
I'm gonna make my friend who was a math major at UCSD take my math aptitude test so that
I don't have to take any of it.
All right, kids, we're at the end of the show, boys and girls.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought,
starting off with Magus.
If we can get Magus' final thought here.
Food.
Angel.
I think Rob sums it up earlier.
Ow.
Bugged.
That's OK.
I needed that.
Bugged.
Burnout 4.
Loki.
Any time for Final Fantasy XI?
Uh... my final thought is milkshake.
Dark Sakura.
Reject, boss monkey butlers.
The final word of the show, one word to sum it all up, see you kids next week, listen to our podcast,
Votus of Five, whore out Orange Lounge Radio to the masses, love you long time.
Last word of the show, Magus, one word to sum it all up.
Noobs.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
The devil went to Jamaica, he was looking to sell some weed.
He was doing fine, they were standing in line, it was excellent weed indeed.
Johnny came across this young man who was likewise peddling pot
And the devil slid down the beach to the kid and said, boy lemme tell ya what
I guess you kinda figured I'm a reefer head of course
And after all this time I guess that I'm a connoisseur of sorts
Now your stuff smells okay but this could tranquilize a horse
I'll bet a million in cash against your stash cause I think mine's better than yours
The boy said, my name's Johnny and you ain't smoked nothing yet
One hit of this grass will kick your ass, you got yourself a bet
Johnny, roll a ball of hash and make sure it's the bomb
Cause the devil's got the kind of stuff they smoked in Vietnam
You'll get a million smackaroos in cash if you can cope
But if you can't, the devil gets your dope
The devil packed a bong with a little Acapulco gold
And resin flew from his fingertips as he fired up his bowl
He filled that chamber all the way and he took a mighty hit
As they passed it back and forth gave him both a coffin
When the bowl was finished Johnny said hey man that stuff was great
But fill your lungs with some of this and prepare to vegetate
cannabis the tea of a sweet mary jane the devil's in the backyard crying his brain
zigzag filled with the diggity dank hold on tight it'll hit you like a tank
the devil nodded off because he knew that he was stoned
and he asked if he could buy an ounce of the stuff that johnny owned
johnny said devil just come on back if you ever want to catch a buzz
I done told you once, you son of a bitch, mine's the best there ever was.
And they fired up doobies one by one, ain't gonna stop till the bag is done.
Green as a bullfrog's sticky-ass glue, granny do you get high, yes I do.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
