Until the day I die, I'll be your everything
And woah woah woah woah
Won't you take my hand but I will be your man
So look tonight we're gonna dance the night away
One and one is two
Don't you feel so cool
Synchronize love that's what we've got to do
All the time we'll be together
We'll be together, cause it's yours and mine
Forever we're in this love chain
I won't be a fan
So look tonight, we're gonna miss a night away
One and one is two
Don't you be so cruel
Synchronize this love, it's what we got to do
All the time
We'll be together, cause it's yours and mine
Forever, we're in this love game
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello everybody, and welcome to Orange Lounge Radio. On tonight's episode, we are going
to have a fun time with the brand new UltraMix 3 v-rare. And for those of you guys that haven't
been able to get your grubby little hands on the EX2 v-rare, we're going to give that
shit away tonight. So listen to tonight's show. We're going to give away free stuff.
We always like free stuff, also on tonight's program.
Other stuff, including my obsession with We Heart Katamari as of this week.
I cannot stop playing this game.
That's a highly sore point with me.
No one in my work wanted it, so I got it by default.
Wow. Okay, well, we'll get to all things Bomani and all things gaming.
And I get to see Faith in the group!
And all things random, yes, and tonight we're doing another giveaway.
Well, I don't know, it might not just be tonight, we might do something throughout the week.
We're going to be giving away a copy of In the Groove, Loki style.
Alright, we'll be back after this intro.
this intro.
The
The Orange Line Radium Line
The Mommy Talk Radium Line
The Orange Line Radium Line
Oh God!
Heh heh heh heh heh! Call me Daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...b-b-b-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website
www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live,
Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
We are live!
And this is episode number 157 for this September the 25th, 2005.
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want.
And this is Orange Lounge Radio Live, your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm
and music games, as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Ms. Dark Sakura, Tami Summers.
He just lied.
I totally just lied.
He totally just lied.
She's not a bunny.
She's a giggling schoolgirl. We established that on the last podcast.
Oh, I got the glare. I got the glare, kids.
I don't find that funny at all.
Sorry.
Because I don't appreciate sexism.
I'm only talking about that later on.
Um, actually, okay.
All right.
Gave him another day.
Good. Good to hear.
It probably pissed me off.
All right, I'll be talking about reasons for that throughout tonight's show.
Also, say hello to Tech Master Loki.
I appreciate all forms of sex, including those with, um, you know, whatever suffixes you
have.
Um.
What?
Sexism, sex, you name it.
Oh, I get it.
I think.
Um.
I know, it went over your head.
It's okay.
Yeah, that's alright.
I have a big block of cheese.
I'm nippling on.
These three, Loki just snacks on cheese during the show.
It's a big block of Parmesan.
Yummy.
This isn't the first time either.
Alright.
also here tonight. Say hello to the resident pop and music whore. Mr. Garrett, over there.
Hello, how are you? I'm good, I'm a whore. Yes, you are a whore, but you also play games.
Yes. Alright. This whore's on vacation, so this whore's happy. Oh, congratulations.
Okay. Alright, say hello also to the one and only, uh, tech massa intern, Bug. Intern my
uh...
i can't well we already have a tech master so you have to be the intern
specialist
that my work
tech specialist
i do have two laptops on me at the moment
tech bitch
tech bitch i like bitch
minion
uh... ok maybe i will take minion minion might work i like minion because it
makes me sound evil
exactly we'll see
anyway um as we promised tonight show should be fun we're gonna give some shit
away we're gonna uh... talk about the ultramix 3 v rare we're gonna play a lot
of the tracks from the UltraMix III V-Rare, and we're going to talk about DDR EX II, which
is out this week, and you know, some of the other game stuff we've been doing too, and
what's going on in the music game world. Also tonight, we're going to preview some tracks
from a particular album that was just released recently, so stay tuned to see what tracks
we're going to do from that, and a whole lot more. So let's get to it, let's get to our
first break, and we'll come back and do a little bit of How Was Your Week, How Was Your
And your calls later on this evening
Mask orange launch we have time this break
We're not going to get straight to the ultra mix 3 because I heard some folks in our chat room over at orange launch radio.com
They were gushing over a course K. So I'm gonna throw some course K their way and make them happy
So here it is. We're gonna start off with a little love is eternity. What does they'll fill their laptops with?
I don't know that would sure ain't love that was scary during the opening
Anyway, we'll be back after this, after some love is eternity, here on Orange Lawns Radio.
I need you
I need you
You
It's making me feel that I want it It's making me see that you know what I need
You're breaking the rules cause you want it There's so much you can do that will make me see that
It's making me love that I saw you, baby It's making the most out of the way that I feel
I'm taking a chance with them for ya Cause when you touch me I just can't believe that I'm free
Come on baby do it to me good now Do it to me slowly
Be the one and only Do it to me right now
Come on baby do it to me good Do it like you should
Like you said you would Do it to me right now
Do it to me right now
Go on baby, do it to me
Do it now and do it, do it slowly
Slowly
Be the one and only
Only
Can't do it to me right now
We are the damage on the run We just want to know what we'll be
The queen will try to find our destiny As we are floating, moving clouds
And someday we'll see
That only when we dance, we're real
Cause we're like lemons on the run
We are the lemons on the run
We're all like lemons on the run
We can't discuss with demons of love and peace But in the end we're on our knees
and we all be vammings for the run.
La di da da da da.
Li da di da da.
La di da da da.
We roll like planets from the sun.
La di da da da.
Li da di da da.
La di da da da.
And we all be vammings for the run.
Gaming Radio.
So uncensored
that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Uh, mooch...
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and in that break you heard a little bit of Love
is Eternity, Atomic Kitten from 3rd Style slash 5th Mix right now, Ryu, Setsugeka from
10th Style, and Erotic Lemmings on the Run from In the Groove.
Why would I play an In the Groove song?
Because we're going to be doing an In the Groove game giveaway.
I don't know if we're doing that tonight, we have to think of the rules for how we want
the giveaway to work, so we're going to talk about that, however this copy of In the Groove
has a special treat with it, it's not just any copy of In the Groove, it is an In the
Groove copy signed by Loki, DarkSakura, and myself, with our own little sayings on it
for you guys.
Signed is such a wonderful word, I would say deface.
whatever we're just gonna let us have our way with this game and then we're
gonna give it away to some lucky listener and we don't know exactly how
we're gonna do that yet but I do know that we're gonna also give a give away
some v-rares we've got some v-rares for DDR max 2 and DDR EX 2 so of course the
max 2 v-rares they're kind of hard to find now so if you didn't get it when
the games out this is the only way you're really gonna you know maybe get
one unless you can find them so what we're gonna do we're gonna give away I
guess we'll give away in Paris we'll give away at EX 2 and max 2 CD together
and all you got to do we'll give away one tonight live on the show and then
we'll give away one through our podcast sound good all right cool so what you're
gonna do you want to get in now because like you know there's thousands of
people that listen to the podcast but there's probably only about 12 that
listen to this program no I'm kidding it's more than that but it's
significantly less to listen to this program. So get your name in now if you want to win
one of these. All you have to do, it's easy, you don't even have to think about it, just
send an email to freestuff at orangelaungeradio.com. Free stuff, all one word, freestuff at orangelaungeradio.com.
One entry per person, if you enter twice, I'm going to beat you up.
I said entering twice is a disqualification. That's right, if you enter twice, we'll ban
Just like you were a Ragnarok player. We will ban you. No, I'm kidding.
We will just ban you. So, just one entry per person, please.
And we're going to give that away. Now, if you enter right now, you'll also be entered
for the one we're going to do on the podcast anyway, because I'm going to check from the same email account.
So, get in now before the night is over. So, you
got a couple hours there. Alright. Do those of us currently here qualify?
No. Fuck you. Because some of us in the room already have them.
some of us can get them other ways wink wink nudge nudge but these are
authentic copies of EX2 no you cannot just send me a message because I'm
overwhelmed with private messages as it is we want to collect this plus there's
some people that are just shy and don't want to join the chat room so we can let
them send an email all you have to do free stuff at orange lounge radio.com
and again this is not for the in the group giveaway this is for the extreme
Game 2 slash Max 2 v-rares. Super. And by the way, if you win, you have to answer a
reply back with your address, because we have to know where to mail this stuff, so. Alright,
get on that kid, send an email, we'll announce a winner later on in the program. For now,
let's play a little bit of How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, let's go around and see
how people's week was and their day, because after all, this show isn't just about games,
It's about us and our egos. DarkSakura.
That week was just, eh, regular stuff.
Um, I played a few games.
Hung out. I mean, Dan was gone most of the week at the GameStop
uh, uh, manager conference in Texas.
So um, I sat around by myself a lot, um, except for
going to a party, going to the club,
Playing with my Nintendogs, playing some Beatmania, playing World of Warcraft.
Really, that's about it. Oh, yeah, and I played on the main for a little bit, a bit more, uh, Puyo Puyo, arcade version, and
Blazing Star and Pulsar, or Pulsar, I'm sorry, and
Metal Slug 5 and a bunch of crap just because I was really bored hanging out in the garage doing laundry.
And
That's really how my week went. You know, Dan came home today, which was good, and then
he promptly left to go play Madden at the neighbor's house, which he said, oh, I told
you. I was like, well, you didn't tell me where I could actually hear you when you were
in the same room with me. So I didn't know. He just disappeared. So I got involved in
a project, and he came like, oh, you want to play Madden with me? That game sucks, and
American football sucks. Why would I want to do something that doubly sucks? That's
okay I'm doing something that doesn't suck so now why you said in the intro
you were a little bitter over we heart katamari what's up because how can you
be bitter a game came out of GameStop he was on the plane I couldn't buy my game
because I don't see I can wait a little bit to get something in the 30% discount
I don't see paying full price when I don't have to I am a frugal gamer so you
you know, buying my game, my U.S. game, so the discount means I can import my games later.
Gotcha, so you just have to wait a little bit until the man can, you know, pull the
strings. Actually go to work and pick it up, so I'm
not going to have it until Tuesday. Which I really don't care, since I've already
played the crap out of it in other ways. I know, that's not that bad news. I thought
for some reason, like, you know, I don't know, like, Weheart Katamari, like, slept with your
friends and ate your puppies. But I get sick of everybody talking about
it to me as though I've played it. Oh.
You did?
Well, yeah, I've played the Japanese one, but they talk about it as though I have it
now and I don't have it yet and act like it's, you know, the end of the world.
I'm like, fuck you!
I didn't get it the day it came out.
I got it yesterday.
So I don't really care to hear anything about, like, on top of that, with all the hype that's
been going on, I've hit my saturation point of Katamari.
I'll tell you, it is really good, though.
I wasn't disappointed.
I think they have a change of heart.
I think you'll have a change of heart.
I do.
I do.
Honestly, I really don't care when I get it.
As soon as I can go 24 hours without seeing or hearing
the word katamari, I will play it.
And no, I'm not joking, because I have not
been able to go that long without either hearing it
or seeing it.
So when I can go 24 hours without hearing or seeing
the word katamari, I will play it.
All right.
That could be a while.
It's today's secret word! When you hear today's secret word, scream real loud, huh?
Today's secret word is...
AKAMARI!
So when you hear today's secret word, scream real loud!
Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
I can't start off like I was going to, but okay.
My week is good. We actually got a lot of the wedding stuff done,
locations done,
uh... she has her
dress you being ordered
at all done
just britain
thank god
as of the way
the winging now uh...
now but actually uh...
i meant to play more games this week at the level of bernard revenge
per usual
and the one my one great book bernard revenge is their random track selection
it quite random in fact
i get the same track every time i do random so
I'm kind of wondering why, you know, it's so faulty, but it's still a fun track.
And then, uh...
Let's see, what else? Oh, I got my free copy of Wheel of Katamari, and, um...
I haven't gotten a chance to play that yet, and I was trying to make time to play
Graffiti Kingdom, since I've had it for a month and haven't touched it yet.
That's right, I still haven't touched the Hello Kitty game.
Well, that I can understand, but, you know, Graffiti Kingdom, I was, like, drooling over, you know, when I got it,
and I haven't even played it.
But I'll get to it eventually, but now I have to go beg my contact to Konami for some copies of Extreme 2.
I hinted to him that I wanted some, and now I will just bluntly say, can you send me some?
So, we'll see.
But yeah, and then I've been having this urge to buy stuff, and I haven't been able to find anything.
walked around Best Buy aimlessly looking for something to buy and there was just nothing
there at all. Nothing. That's all. Oh, and I'm eating a block of cheese. It's almost
gone. I have to eat it because I have another block of cheese at home and they're planning
on buying me another one. So, I, you know, and I saw A Chorus of Sprites and that was
fun. It was a good movie. Good times. Alright, yeah. Bud, how was your week? How was your
I did not get a chance to play Burnout 4 because my roommate scored a free Xbox from one of his friends and has been playing Jet Set Radio Future at all hours.
Nothing wrong with that.
We only have one set of hookups at a time.
But lots of Kalamar...
That game.
Yeah, lots of that.
And I can't kick anyone. Damn, that would be a lot of fun.
Oh, you want to kick people? Here, I'll just...
I'm running out of gas. I'm running out of gas.
Wait. Oh, okay.
Ooh! Ooh, yeah!
Cool. I get to kick fun out of it.
Anyway, um, I played trash pick.
What?
Played trash pick. Scored four IMAX last night.
What is that?
It's where you go around to people's trash, you know, the trash areas, and people have thrown out computers and there was four IMAX.
People throw out IMAX?
G3 IMAX.
Loki? No, no, Loki, no. What, Loki? What?
You mean they're good at least for their monitor? I mean, you can't...
I highly say, you know, it's wrong to throw out anything that's not broken, especially computer-wise, unless it's really old.
Because you can always use them for parts. Even if it is an iMac, you can still part that out for something.
That's why we picked them up.
For the monitor, at least. I mean, because, you know, a flat-screen monitor, that's... you shouldn't throw that away.
didn't throw that away. Oh no no no, these are old ones, these are the CRTs. Oh. So they
suck. They were where they belonged. How can people throw those away? Oh, oh okay. Oh my
god! You wouldn't throw away another one, I want it. It's a G3. So? I can do something
with it. Okay. You can make a flower pot out of it. They need hard drives and RAM, that's
That's about it.
Standard stuff.
I have all that.
In Promptu BBQ and we have We Heart something something something party last night.
I believe what they've come up with in the chat room is We Heart Calamari.
Like the appetizer.
The squid.
And everybody's spelling it right so I just left the chat room because everyone pissed
me off.
Aw.
Calamari.
I actually really do.
But anyway.
But I got off so I can still kick people.
Okay.
Go for it.
That was pretty much it.
Alright. Garrett, the pop music whore of Sacramento. What's up? How was your week? How was your
day? My week's gone. How much pop music did you play? Since what? Since like however many
months ago I was here? Yeah. Enough, I guess. Actually the other night, I don't know, I
had some really crazy night and I started beating the shit out of everything again.
Now I've actually beaten a handful of 41s. Very good. What's the highest they go, 45?
43 43, wow.
Yeah, I've beaten, I think, five 41s now.
I just beat Rinse EX.
I'm like, oh!
And then I couldn't do it after that, of course, but there's just a couple.
Do you have any more videos on the interweb of you playing Papa Music?
Because I remember there used to be one on Bamani Style.
Oh, I didn't even ask him to put that shit up.
And then some asshole on Bamani Style totally was just making fun of me for it, and then
he submitted his own video of him getting a better score.
whatever I just I just sent it to some people just have to show how big their
way I just sent to DJ P to show them like you know like oh I'm just playing
with Adobe right now I'm you know putting this shit together but yeah
okay my week's been alright I just started vacation on Friday and I'm on
vacation for 10 days yay I'll be five days here and five days in Georgia and
what are you doing in Georgia now I'm going to a wedding it's this girl I
I grew up with and like her grandma is my one of my mom's best friends and you know
They'll you know live together or whatever. But anyway, since I've never really been out of the state
it'll be like going out of the country for me and
So, I don't know that'll be fun
Have fun with that humidity on the East Coast
That's the first thing you'll notice when you visit the East Coast humidity at least that for me
Okay, you step off the plane you go. She's
Yeah, well just like I'm sure when people from the East Coast come to hear they go she's
Jeez! What's wrong with you people? How can you live here? I can't breathe!
I think for most it's a relief.
Yeah, and the people from the Midwest just go sheesh anyways.
Anyway.
But yeah, today I was bored and slept all day and then got up and I'm like,
oh, we caught a Murray Little Walmart.
Ha!
Yeah. I had to be a dork, and even though I already have the Japanese version,
I went and bought the English version on Friday just so I could enjoy the king's English humor.
And then, notice quite a few changes between the Japanese and American versions, like,
a lot of them just really superficial changes, some of them really dumb, but whatever.
But yeah, that was my day and week, I guess.
Any other game?
Huh?
Logi, yes.
What the hell was up with the manual?
I looked at that and I'm like, what the hell is this?
Because the screenshots, you made it kind of look like they were painted with watercolors,
and I hope that's not what the game looks like.
No.
Okay.
That's just the art director's style they do. A lot of the wallpapers and stuff they put up on the Japanese site, they look all weird like that.
Some of them don't even look like they really have much to do with the game.
And when he draws the characters in that style, they look all super goofy and whatever.
My week and my day, I actually didn't do a whole lot, really. I've been pretty sad this week.
Just work. A lot, a lot of work. And because of that, a lot, a lot of napping after work, because work kind of drains me a lot.
So I didn't really go anywhere exciting or do anything that great. I really wish I had something to share, but I don't.
I went to Fry's yesterday, and I was just, you know, I bought the K game there, and I was actually, my friend's monitor just about blew up.
Apparently, like, it started shooting out blue sparks when he tried turning it on, which isn't a good thing.
So, yeah, Loki's going, yeah!
But we decided to go look at new monitors, and I kind of want a new monitor now, too,
although the one I have is really good, I can't complain.
I want a flat screen.
It was free.
I know it was, and that's why I can't complain about it, but I want a flat screen.
I want a little black flat screen.
I did the same thing.
I do have a black flat screen.
Exactly.
See?
It works a lot better.
See?
You know what I mean.
And it'll be less heat, because it gets really hot in here during the show sometimes.
Let's kill a few of us, and that'll cut down on the heat.
Pow!
Yeah, but I just, you know, that would help cut back on the heat,
and, you know, maybe getting a better fan for this behemoth computer down here.
I don't know if you can hear my fan. You probably can hear it over the air.
Let me see if I can...
You can't really hear it over the air, but it's...
I have a ginormously loud fan.
So, if I could get a better cooling thing in my computer, I bet it would be cooler in here, too.
So, those are just things I'm thinking about for the future.
So anyway, that was pretty much my week and day.
Oh, I played DDR when I was at Fry's.
They actually had the DDR Extreme set up.
Not Extreme 2, but DDR Extreme set up with the two pads.
And for soft pads that were taped to the ground,
I'm surprised that things held up.
I actually did a pretty decent job on the song I was playing.
So that was kind of fun.
So one last hurrah on DDR Extreme
before Extreme 2 comes out this week, which would be what?
Tuesday, Wednesday, I'll ask track.
What day is it gonna be on the shelves?
Wednesday? 27th. 27th will be on the shelf.
That's the ship day. Alright. Oh, Tuesday's the ship day?
I have no idea. I'm saying 27th. It'll be probably on shelves
to 27th, because that's what we have in our system as the street date,
which means when we get it. So that means that's probably when it's gonna arrive.
27th. Probably is 27th.
Sounds good. Although I know it's not gonna show up for a lot of stores until
I'm not in any huge rush. I know a lot of people are really excited about DDR Extreme 2 because Konami's really kept a lid on it this time.
There's still a lot, a lot of secrets people don't know about this game yet, including what the frickin' rest of the songs are outside the licenses.
What game?
DDR Extreme 2.
What game?
The dancing game with the arrow smash, like whack-a-mole, but with your feet. It's a cheesy eurobeat and stuff.
I thought you said they were keeping it under wraps, but nobody knew about it.
No, no, no. People know about the game. They just don't know anything about it. Shut up.
Unlock show?
Unlock show?
I want to do one that I don't think we've got the setup to do it anymore. I know our mixing
board will take my PS2 inputs right there, but I don't know what to do for video. So I don't
know if we can do an unlock show. Because my Commodore 64 monitor got stolen out of the back
in my car by some neighborhood brats, so I don't have anything to plug it into unless
we could find like a little TV somehow.
You might have one?
We might have to do that then, like Wednesday night.
We'll see.
To be continued.
To be continued.
Well, we'll see.
I'm still looking for...
I was looking at Best Buy today, but they didn't have any, like, VGA connectors, because
I'm getting one for my Xbox 360 because I need something to, you know, be high def because
I don't...
I'm not going to have a high def TV.
I don't even know how the hell that's gonna work, because most of the games are in Hi-Def anyways, so if it's not in Hi-Def on your TV, what's that gonna look like?
I mean, it's all messed up?
No, I believe the regular Xbox, what it does is that if you want to play your games in widescreen, it will letterbox the games.
There's the menu you can go into and change the options, so it'll probably just letterbox your games.
So your video games will look like movies.
Yeah, but they're all, you know, Hi-Res and stuff, and my TV's not gonna support that.
I'm sure they can filter the graphics down really quickly.
Well, anyways, I'm going to get a thing for my monitor, because it'll look pretty.
Then that way the fiance can watch her TV and I can play my games.
I remember the Dreamcast was really, really easy to hook up to a computer monitor.
That was the first system that really made it super easy, hooking up to a VGA monitor.
I think it kind of used that as a selling point, too.
Really? There ain't nothing wrong with that.
Good times.
I miss my Dreamcast. I'm going to get it out and dust it off. I didn't have that many games for it.
I mean, I just like PSO, but I think I had Typing of the Dead and
Samba somewhere.
I'm talking about pirated games.
We don't have to keep it a secret. We got Loki on here.
Like pirate games like Skies of Arcadia.
I didn't play any games this week, okay? Good job! Seven days without, aw, so proud of you for overcoming your decision.
That means that some chick's gonna climb out of his PSP monitor and steal a soul or something.
Did you speak like a pirate on Monday? No, because I think that's retarded.
Yarr, you be retarded!
Um, yeah, I want to get off the Dreamcast and play some 2-2 Rocket, because that was a game I really sucked at, so maybe I can get good at it now.
No, you know what I want to play? I want to play Power Stone, and I want to play Power Stone was Badass, and I want to play, um...
It's all about Power Stone 2.
No, there's another Dreamcast game I'm thinking of that I really want to play.
Space Channel 5.
Soul Calibur.
Soul Calibur.
The ultimate in Soul Calibur fun is playing with the fishing controller.
That's right, I've heard about that, playing with a fishing controller.
Because it's analog.
And of course, every time you hit it, you're hitting basically one of the buttons, so it's really fabulous.
Sounds rather athletic.
If you want to know what playing the Nintendo Revolution is going to be like, try playing Soul Calibur with a fishing controller.
Remind me to save that one for the podcast.
I've been doing that for a long time, the fishing controller thing.
I remember trying to play Soul Calibur with my Dreamcast DDR pad, and the only analog
button is the Konami logo.
Wow.
So you can't really move.
I remember, I don't remember whose house we did this at, it was either a Guana Girl's
house or your house.
Speaking of Project Justice, yeah.
But we played Bust a Move Groove on dance pads once.
I've done that.
fun. The second one you can do it really easily on. Damn them for not making another game.
All you do is put it in whatever the easy one was, which is all arrows, and you can
play it. Damn them for not making another one. Seriously. Well, they did Dance Summit.
I know, but Dance Summit doesn't count because they didn't release it here, and also, with
the Dance Game craze being the way that it is, I can't believe that Squeenix, since they
absorbed, you know, annex. I can't believe that they haven't done another one. They could
do Final Fantasy dance. No, I'm kidding. They shouldn't do that. Um, but they could do something
cute. You know they could. Stop doing the roleplaying. You know, they just need to put
the whole Avix side, you know, get Avix back and do a whole new one. Seriously. You know,
a friend of mine once had an interesting perspective. I don't know if you guys know about this,
But way back when they beta tested or location tested DER 4th Mix.
I don't know if it was location test or an early build of the game or what, but there
was actually a song from the Dance Maniac series Eyes On Me.
And of course that's the theme song from Final Fantasy 8, but it was a dance mix of it that
appeared on one of the Dance Maniac's albums.
I want to say like X5 or something.
I know there was one on Zip Mania, but I think it was the version pulled from like X5 or
something.
Konami was supposed to be in DDR4thMix, well it got pulled at the last minute and the rumor
was that Square took issue with it, so they just pulled the song.
But my friend kind of at the time was like, well you know, Square probably does that because
if they wanted to do a DDR style game with all their music, they could totally do it.
I mean imagine like a DDR style game with all Square music, like Chocobo Dance Party.
They could do it!
They could totally do it!
That would be a really good idea until Konami sues them.
Not if it's a different style game, like Final Revolution.
And you know, there was actually, because I have this game on Dreamcast, being the big
Puyo Puyo nerd I am, I have Puyo Da.
I remember you showing that to me once, and there's other style dance games Konami's not
going to sue them over, like you know, Bust-a-Groove-Move and Puyo and
Well, Puyo Da was more like Bust-a-Move except you built up your combos, and it worked sort
sort of how you would do your drop on the other person by having a better combo than
they did, and you would cancel out each other's combos, sort of like when you're playing P.O.P.O.
It brought in a different innovation to it, as opposed to just the repetition, so that
I think is where they were unique.
Didn't one of the Final Fantasies have like a little DDR mini-game in it, or something
where you hit the buttons, not with beatmania, where you hit the buttons and tune with the
music?
Rival Schools game that they came out with in Japan, which was the Evolution one, had
a sort of like Batsu Breakdancing in it, had a DDR sort of mode in it, more like a you
enter and the commands sort of like bust a move.
And Grand Theft Auto had that.
And, um, Card Fighter Clash, not Card Fighter Clash, um, the other, um, Marvel Capcom, not
Marvel Capcom, SNK Capcom on the Neo Geo, had pretty much DDR in it, so.
I think that, you know, there's an old-ass game, and I only know this game because it
was my first DDR game I ever owned.
It wasn't really DDR, it was my first dance game I ever owned.
It was the Jungle Book dancing game for the PlayStation.
I remember that.
I remember showing you Third Mix.
I remember the dance pad was like half the size of a normal dance pad because they make
it for four year olds, but here I am playing on this Jungle Book dance pad, and it actually
had a whole little game that went with it, and the arrows were in like little bubbles
and you know it was very similar, very very similar to DER, except I think it went, scrolled
down, but whatever, but you know and all the music was from the Jungle Book, you know,
I wanna walk like you, talk like you too, it had all the little music in it, and you
You know that music game I can't believe they have not made a sequel to?
I'm kind of surprised too.
Why?
It was a great game.
Yeah.
They should do it.
It was pretty much all one band that did the music, and then they had an outside artist
come in and do all the graphics and the entire design for the game, so that may be a part
of the reason, but I don't know.
They just could find a new band and a new artist or whatever.
Okay.
Yeah.
Cool.
All right.
I guess we're going to go to a break, guys, and we're going to come back and talk about
some more things going on in the DDR world, and in this break we're going to start playing
some tracks from the brand new UltraMix III V-Rare, which came out this week. In this
break we're going to hear Nevaraka, who originally remixed the Day Behavior song Superstar in
UltraMix II. They have their own song, it's called Evolution. Now the interesting thing
about the UltraMix III V-Rare is that it has tracks from song packs on it. So this first
This track is actually from Song Pack 14, so go figure.
Akira Yamaoka with Love This Feeling has been remixed by Zonk.
Zonk was the band that did Tittle Tattle in Ultra Mix 2,
so it's a very, I don't know how to explain it.
It's a very kind of groovy version of Love This Feeling.
But the interesting thing is that,
and they've kind of been picking at this on the DER Freak forums,
is that instead of remixing the Chang Ma version,
it really sounds like they went back and remixed the Akira Yamaoka one
guitar freaks and drum mania love this feeling so that's kind of cool so it's a
good remix and then we're gonna hear togo featuring sauna with jelly kiss but
it's MIDI heads version the MIDI head smack mix and then the last track we're
gonna hear this break is Chantanix with hash the Sun brand new song we're gonna
have in DDR Ultramix 3 so we'll be back after this with more orange lounge radio
Enjoy!
Evolution
Evolution
Evolution
Bugging down the street now and those are me Thinking had a little kiss, waving at my
My face watching out for neighbors bugging the old folks
Feels good to be home
Love is breathing
Born with a plan to shift
You get the plan to get by
Love is breathing
Moving your body
Born with a plan to shift
You get the plan to get by
Moving your body
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
We have to get down, get down, we have to walk the walk. When we get down here now we have to walk the walk.
What are the next two people can do to lift the money up the next time in?
Just like what you have a Mr. Streep next hand, I'll put him on top of me and he'll jump on top.
Is there anything we can buy so we can get any pictures of all the wires?
Woo!
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
You know what else Captain Jack told me?
Copy kills music.
It does.
You're back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
we're giving away free stuff, the drawing's only probably about an hour away, so make
sure you get your emails in, freestuff at orangelandtrader.com, and answer some questions
from before, you don't have to put your address in the email, but if you put it in there,
we're not gonna disqualify you or anything, but if you send us two emails, you are gonna
get disqualified, so send those in freestuff at orangelandtrader.com, and what is the free
stuff we're giving away tonight? Well, if you win, and we'll have one listener during
the live show tonight and one winner sometime this week after the podcast, you are going
to win a pair of CDs, one of them being the DDR Max 2 V-Rare, which is kind of hard to
find now, and the DDR EX2 V-Rare, which if you didn't pre-order the game, you ain't going
to get anywhere else. So we're going to hook you up with those. So if you want to copy
authentic copies, sealed copies of DDR Max 2 and DDR EX2, and who knows, we might just
because we're loving and caring hosts, we might throw something else in the bag too
too. But the one thing we will not be throwing in the bag will be a copy of In the Groove
as defaced by Loki, Dark Sakura, and I will be a lot more forgiving for In the Groove.
I'm not going to deface it, but I will definitely do my part.
You're not going to throw $5 bills in with the viewers?
No, no money. No money, because I don't have money, and I don't know about Dark Sakura
and Loki, but even if I had money, I wouldn't give it to our listeners. No offense. Love
you guys, but damn.
We're cheap.
The screen is expensive and the cast is cheap.
By the way, my opinion of the songs in the break, 100% differs from yours.
I was going to just get to that, and that is the songs that we played in the break from
the UltraMix 3 VRayer, Dark Sakura, I know you weren't too thrilled with a couple of
those.
That version of Love That Feelin' was crap disguised as a song.
You know what's interesting?
It's a very polarized reaction on DDRFreak.
I was reading on the forums over there a very polarized reaction.
Some people love it, and some people just think it is poop.
And I also don't like that version of Jelly Kiss either.
Oh, I really like the Jelly Kiss ones.
I'm not that big on the Love This Feelin' mix.
I like Zonk, but...
And the first one was very generic.
Like photocopy generic.
The ferret is being requested.
The ferret is being requested?
The ferret is being requested.
Alright, we'll get out the ferret and take care of that request.
We'll look for the ferret and try to get the ferret in on the show a little later.
Hell if I know where those things went off to.
We'll keep looking for it during the next break and try to get an appearance by the
ferret.
Oh, you know what reminds me, though?
You know sometimes I...
What do ferrets remind you of?
No, I look out there on the internet sometimes because I like to do ego searches.
You know what an ego search is?
an ego search is when you go to Google and you type in your name and you see what sites
come up. Well, I actually went to Google and typed in Orange Lounge Radio and I do that
once in a while to see, you know, what the dirt is out there on the internet. And the
weird thing is, is that there's a site out there that links to us as a news source. Like
they have all these RSS feeds and we're one of them as a news source and the site is ferretmarketing.com
Look, if you guys don't believe me, look at this, right here in the studio.
In fact, I'll even post this in chat.
This poor site is going to get hammered, but I don't care.
I'm going to post this in chat.
Check this out.
Ferret Marketing.
And here we are.
Here is the URL for the awesome new source, orangelaunchradio.com, and it shows like our
latest headlines.
Why we are on ferretmarketing.com, I have no idea.
Because you mentioned ferrets.
There's a ferret fan that's listening to this show that must-
pretty damn cute ferrets. They are cute ferrets that are on the page.
I have no idea what the... I know, we'll look for it.
It might, it might be in a, there's probably some in a box over there, so I'll dig through them on the next break.
Anyway, Loki's currently defacing the copy of In the Groove that we're going to give away.
And I'm helping. What have you done? I assure you, wait, what did you write on the manual here?
I assure you this is not DDR, okay?
What did you write on the cover there? I want to see what Loki wrote on the cover there,
In the groove there this game sucks monkey balls and then signed it by Loki. That was very polite
All right, I found a book called 500 things my ferret told me
Let me guess
And
If you are an in the groove fan listening to this program and getting pissed off
It's just a game. It's just a game people. It's just a game
We have the right to our opinion. I don't think it sucks, but I do, I look forward to new DDR mixes more than I do in the game.
I had people go, why are you ruining such a perfect, that's stupid, and I'm like, because I can.
Exactly, so if you-
If I was given a free iPod, I'd probably break it, but then if I didn't break it, I would give it away and do the exact same thing.
Okay, so if you're wondering why are you bastards writing all over a copy of a degree and giving away-
I personally bought this copy, okay, so my money was spent on this copy that I am sending out.
So if it makes you feel better, In The Groove fans, Loki spent money, so he's essentially supporting In The Groove.
But because he doesn't like it, he's turning it over to an In The Groove fan. And what better charity than that, huh?
So stop bitching.
We will get some pics of the defaced In The Groove. Probably not by the end of the show, but a little later on in the program.
All right, a little later on in the week.
What were the ferrets called?
Lokies?
One of our chatters, I think, is that.
The Skoozies.
But I don't remember exactly how it's spelled,
because it's bringing up other companies.
It's like S-C-O-O-Z-I-E-S.
It came up with something completely different.
I can hold on.
I can find it.
They have a whole website and a mini web game they can play.
Was it adult-oriented?
Because I bet Skoozies would be a pretty X-rated term
for some genitalia, if you think about it.
Show them your scoozy. You mean, what was it, S-E-Z-Y? Scuzzy. No, scuzzy is a little
different there. Let's see, so moving on, I want to talk about some other things. Some
things that people were talking about before the show, and I actually can't say I'm really
up to date on what's going on here, so I'm hoping somebody might call in the Skype line
later and clear up the air on what's going on, but I guess there's going to be some type
of DDR thing on MTV. Not just any MTV, but MTV2. MTV2, of course. I remember when MTV2
first launched, it was supposed to be, oh, since MTV, we're freely admitting is not a
music-oriented station anymore, MTV2 is where we're going to play all the videos.
It's where MTV goes to die. Basically. But guess what? Now, on MTV2,
they don't just play videos anymore. They play other crap. They play old episodes of
real world stuff. So, one of our listeners, Sephiroth1215 on our web forums actually wrote,
I was randomly watching that video mod show yesterday and they showed a preview for the
new episode that will be on Friday. This preview mentioned DDR being featured for a video.
I think it's about time they did this, it only seems to make sense. Perfect for the
time for the new release, I guess. Other than an Everything But The Girl video? Yeah, if
actually have seen if you played 2DX third style and played five fathoms you
can actually see an old-ass version of DDR like butterfly old-ass version of
DDR in the video and you can see a five key like they're playing Jam Jam Reggae
on the video or something so it's kind of cute what do you guys think MTV going
to be on, uh, or DDR is going to be on MTV. Good thing for the community, bad thing for
the community. I don't give a shit. What do you think?
That means DDR has jumped the shark. DDR has officially jumped the shark? So does this
mean you're an In The Groove fan now? Fuck no. Okay, if the originals jumped the shark,
why would I go for a pale imitation? How about dance praise? Does that jump the shark? It
It is the shark.
Bugged.
Your thoughts.
DDR on MTV.
Good thing, bad thing.
I don't give a shit.
Don't give a shit.
It's on MTV, too.
I don't even get MTV fucking, too.
Garrett, a pop music horror.
DDR on MTV.
Don't give a shit.
I guess it's a good thing.
I think it's a good thing.
exposure for DDR despite how we might you know think MTV 2 is just stupid more
exposure for DDR means more copies of the game get sold means we get an EX 3
next year right so I say it's a good thing any exposure is a good thing if
more people buy copies of it somebody in the chat room is saying I would love to
to see In the Groove on MTV. And I have to say, when I was at E3, we were actually downstairs
in Kenshia Hall, where Red Octane had a booth, and they had In the Groove set up. They didn't
have it even set up the first day, but I think this was the last day of the show. Myself,
and I don't know if you guys remember from the old Wednesday show, Rice Princess and
Lanky Style, we were down there in Kenshia Hall, and we were at the In the Groove showing,
And MTV came by and filmed this guy very randomly playing.
Thank you for pulling out my Dreamcast out of a box.
MTV came by and was very randomly filming somebody
playing in the groove.
But it was for like an MTV.com series.
But what I thought was interesting
is that one of the hosts was Chilon Liu and then
some guy from Road Rules.
But Chilon was, you remember right before the screen savers
went kaput and changed into Attack of the Show,
they had Chilon on there.
she was kind of now if you really want to see if you want to really see what a
giggling girl is it's Chilon I mean it would and you know I know that sometimes
that that phrase is overused but in her case it really was true so but she's
still doing things for MTV it looks like so interesting so they were doing in the
So in some way it would have been on MTV, I suppose.
So of course, EX2 is coming out this week. I'm curious what you guys think.
Are you guys ready to pick this game up, or do you not care?
Are you done with DDR home mixes? What do you think?
I'm curious to hear from you, Garrett, because you are mostly an import gaming horn.
You don't buy a whole lot of the US games, do you? I don't think you really do.
Not as many as I watch. I don't buy a whole lot of games, period, anymore.
I don't know what it is.
But I lost interest of the US DDRs after Max 1 or 2.
For the US, it's just the song that's just regurgitated
from random transplants with crappy steps or songs that I
already had in other versions.
I'm like, no, it's kind of pointless.
UltraMix stuff looked interesting, but I don't care
to get an Xbox.
So there's my feelings on that.
So you're probably not going to buy EX2?
No, the down arrow on my red Octane pad is broken.
Dope.
Alright.
Loki, I'm kind of curious, what are your thoughts about EX-2?
I'm probably getting it free, so I don't care.
But are you excited about it? Could you care less? What is it?
I don't really have working pads, so, I mean...
Well, I have working pads, I just haven't, you know, gotten them so that they're not, you know, breaking all the time.
But, um...
Yeah, I guess it's cool. I mean, I don't play DDR really right now, other than, you know, just StepMania stuff.
I'm really... The setup they have in the house right now is not conducive to DDR, so...
Unfortunately.
But yeah, it's cool. I mean, I can't wait to see what else they've got on there.
Like, all the new songs and remixes and fun stuff that they have, and thank God they haven't spoiled it yet, so...
It'll be good.
I didn't like the fact that they had hints last time, so.
Dr. Sakra, I'm kind of curious about your thoughts about EX2, because you started DDR
way back in the day, so you've seen this game really change, as have really all of us, but
I know you've been on board for a long time.
I think I'm going to get it, just because I'm also planning on finally throwing down
a little bit of money and getting an ignition pad because I want to play at home some more.
But, other than that, I'm not too excited about it, and the music isn't all that exciting
anymore.
And, you know, if I get something other than recycled, you know, puked trance, it's the
only way I can describe it, like someone took generic trance, put it on a photocopier, and
said, here's a new song, here's a new song, here's a new song, here's a new song.
I want a DDR with good music, with real music in it.
I mean, I love all the Konami originals, all those are great, but if you're going to bring
in something new, bring in something innovative.
Throw us a freaking bone here, what kind of stuff, what kind of music would make you happy?
Blur.
I mean...
Oh, I see.
You want Feel Good Inc. in DDR.
That's not Blur, that's Gorillaz.
Well, I know, but still.
But I do want something that's got more substance to it.
other than that you know just not all music you can dance to is is the techno
stuff out of curiosity how do you feel about like the unleashed and dancing
stage games the Europe ones that have the British Brit pop songs in them and
stuff that makes me happy I mean I don't really care about like the
uber pop but just that it's it's trying it seems like it's trying to cater more
toward a broader scope of music, I think, you know, trying to... I need to just make
my own DDR mix.
I think a lot of folks in America, even if you're a fan of the American DDRs, even if
you're a fan of the Japanese home DDR mixes, almost everybody agrees that the British folks
get really good songs. They get really good mixes.
There's actually an interesting thread on a DDR Freak, because I mod the UK forum, talking
about which one would you more prefer has been a discussion in this one thread.
I'll try to hunt it down and get more info out of it, but it was really kind of interesting
seeing who would want what out of what mix, and seeing that there was sort of on the other
side that they want some of what we get but I don't see why some of what we get
kind of cool though we get so we've got I honestly thought that the last release
was so much better you know with a skulk and no Ultramix to Ultramix oh and I
think Ultramix 3 is gonna be pretty good too I mean I know you didn't like those
particular songs but if you remember the Ultramix one v-rare it didn't have a
whole lot of what the game really had in store so we'll see but I I haven't heard
anything that's excited me yet. In fact, just what we played in the
break, the last break, really made me sad. Well, we're about to get to another break
pretty soon here. We're gonna hear four more songs. One of them is a classical
remix. I don't know if you'll dig that or not. We'll see. We're gonna get to that. In
fact, I think we'll get to it right now. How's that sound? Yay! Alright, then when
we come back, we're gonna do the Skype line. Siggy's gonna call in and he's
gonna talk about a brand new Konami related CD that came out this week. So
we're gonna talk about that and at least I think it was this week I think so if
not he'll correct me on it I'm sure and some more stuff when we come back we'll
do the cage match sometime during this next segment as well and the rest of your
calls on the skype line when we come back after this so in this break let's
see what songs we're gonna hear here we're gonna do starting it off Moshek
with moment 40 will be the first song that we hear and I believe this is the
one that's a bit of a classical song remix so we'll hear that DJ Taka colors
but remixed by Midihead so that should be interesting
John D and Spesh have done a version of Bylalakia carried with the wind and
it's very interesting you might remember Johnny and Spesh did the max 300 remix
from Ultramix 2 so that'll definitely be very interesting to hear and then we're
gonna hear Big Idea with Dansa De Juca and Big Idea is the one that did Byla
LaSamba and ToeJam, which made its way into 2DX, Happy Sky.
I can't think of ToeJam without thinking of ToeJam and Arl.
I know, I know.
Yeah, me neither.
It's just because you're a Sega whore, and so are you, and that's okay, because Sega's
a good thing.
I can reach behind me and pull Segas out of my, out of your closet.
I know, I know.
I keep all my Segas in the closet.
They're trapped in the closet.
We'll be back after this.
off with Moshek Moment 40, UltraMix III V-Rare here tonight on Orange Laundry.
He said fun, he said fun He said fun, he said fun
Feeling blue, I'm thinking of you I'm almost a fool to let you walk away
Tears in my eyes today Make my world the color of blue
You, singing of you, I was a fool to let you walk away
Dancin' my accident with my girl, her father was a dick
I'm a magic, a kiss, orange on the floor, yeah, green on tourmaline
Yeah, no matter how low I love you, baby, I'm mild
I'm covered in colors with sun
Only one, but baby, I'm loved
I'm loved without you
I'll cry like a fire in the moon
I'll fall alone without you
I'll cry alone
I'm thinking of you, I'm thinking of you
Oh, I won't, won't, I'll let you go away
The tears in my eyes today make my world the color of blue
Ooh, ooh, I'm thinking of you
But I was a fool to let you walk away
Here's the fire I could aim at my world, the color of blue
I'm waiting for him before you say all the things you might have done in your life
And I say, please, let me help you
Yes, I know, oh, I know
If you're me, you're supposed to see
You will never go back again
Whoop, dead air there, sorry guys.
We forgot to put a little, I should say I forgot to put a little sweeper coming back.
So I was too busy doing my own spin on defacing the copy of In the Groove here.
I'm actually writing in the table of contents right now.
I actually added something to the table of contents in the instruction manual.
I put how to get sued on page 69, how to get sued.
And now I'm putting contents, I'm writing next to contents, contents of my ass.
I'm going to put contents of my ass.
I'm putting special, really crappy artwork in the inside cover.
Yes.
So again, this is us defacing In the Groove
because we can. And to whoever wins this, Dark Soccer is leaving a very special message
and some artwork in there inside the art, like you have to, you would have to pull out
the insert to see it on the inside. So whoever wins this is really going to enjoy this. Speaking
of winning things, here, look, I don't want this anymore. Speaking of winning things,
you this week, yeah, you guys need to sign it too. We're also going to have Bugd and
garrett are popping music or leave their work on it
but this week you can right now you can win uh... the e x to be rare and that
the max to be rare
some folks getting in there
uh... uh... in our contest so if you want to join in you only have a little
bit of time left
free stuff
at orange laundry dot com all you have to do is send us an email no trivia
question
praise for the show
we will not fill your email to spammers were not into that we just want to have
a fair contest, very random, so just send an email and then we're going to pick a random
number and that message in the inbox is our winner. It's a very scientific process. So
DarkSakura is written in the insert. She actually drew a picture of Emi from DDR. She drew a
picture.
They're really bad ones since I don't have a good pen.
It says, ITG makes Emi cry. And Emi is actually crying in the picture. And Caker Death, which
is kind of random, but she wrote Caker Death at the bottom.
And I wrote something else on here too.
game smells like butt on the insert. Don't forget to actually sign it at some point.
And just so you know, you know, we're not all in the groove haters. I realize Ark Soccer
and Loki are in the groove haters. I actually wrote my defacing, the other thing I did,
I wrote under, on the title, it says in the groove, I put is okay. And then I drew a little
unemotional face. So I put in the groove is okay. Because that's how I feel. In the groove
is OK.
Now what we're going to do is get over to our Skype line.
And if you are interested in calling in the Skype line,
head on over to www.orangeloungeradio.com and
click on Interact With Us.
And you, too, can be on.
Neil, you don't count.
Bugs, god damn you.
You, too, can be on Orange Lounge Radio.
I actually wanted to pick up.
Neil, you're a bastard.
I hate you.
All right.
I'm just too quick, I'm sorry.
No, I intentionally am bringing this call to the front because I want to speak to this
person.
Siggy, you there?
Oh, shit.
Siggy, you there?
Can you hear me?
I didn't do it!
Yeah, it's slow.
Okay, it's very slow.
Oh, that stinks.
So does I, Siggy.
I know.
Siggy, I'm going to try calling you.
I'm going to call again.
Okay, I'm going to call you.
I hope you heard that, that I'm going to call him, see if we have a little better luck.
I need to turn off my pornography torrents.
That is an annoying ass ring.
Two ringy dings.
The rest of you guys are trying to call in right now.
Call back in a little bit, because we wanted to bring
this call to the front, because he actually has a
contribution to make to tonight's show.
Not that the rest of you don't have contributions to make to
tonight's show, but this is, you know, super important.
Well, shit.
It's just ringing and ringing and ringing.
OK.
Ziggy's going to actually just restart his PC, so we're going to let him restart his PC, and we'll take another call in the meantime.
Ziggy!
Zaku.
What's up, man?
You lucked out. The other call, I had to drop it and push it back to later, because the connection's slow, so you get to be first tonight.
Weee!
What's on your mind?
Well, let me see, DDR Extreme 2 coming out in two days, and...
Did you enter the contest?
Yeah, I entered the VRARE one.
Good man.
And basically MTV2 hoarding the shit out of DDR Extreme 2 via video mods.
Yeah, what is this video mod show now? I don't watch MTV2, so you gotta tell me.
Basically, video mods is a show, an MTV2 show where they take video game characters and make them reenact music videos.
You know, from Main Street Music.
Oh fuck, it's that show that's gonna have DDR?
Yeah, the only one I've ever seen, that is The Sims dancing to Hey Ya.
My best bet is that they're going to make all the DDR2 characters, Dance 2, Stompalls get busy,
which is the only mainstream track that Joe Sixpack probably knows, and probably the rest of America knows.
Who else in America would know about My My My or Silence, for that matter?
Now, Silence I could see, but what I remember from the Silence video, it wasn't really anything, all that, so I could see the Get Busy video.
It's gonna be Get Busy. I'm betting everything on it, without a shadow of a doubt. You know how MTV is.
Well, it could be something from Extreme 1.
No, they're gonna use Extreme 2.
I can tell you right now, you know, that's the most recent game, you know, MTV's not stupid, they're going to whore out the game, I'm just, you know, we'll just have to wait till Friday to see MTV.
Alright, we'll see. You want to make some money on that wager?
I'm just kidding, I'm kidding.
I am going to have an extra Max 2 v-rare after these contests, so maybe I should offer to send Zaku the Max 2 v-rare if I'm wrong.
Nah, that would be too nice of me to do. Sorry, Zaku.
Also, you already know by now that UltraMix 3 v-rare reveals a few songs that might be in the game, like 250 BPM, Looney Tunes, and the Medley.
The medley that's at the end that has a bunch of remixes of songs that are going to be in song packs
Yes, it possibly does reveal songs that will be in the game
Again, it's not for sure, but typically, song packs every mix
This right there, this is kind of like retribution for the fact that info was leaked last year with Ultramix 2
So I guess Konami's trying to sneak in a few hints for those who know enough to realize them
Possibly, I honestly think Love Me Do is a shoo-in
Because the folks at Konami know that we are big Kiriyama Okahores and all his songs do
very well in the DDR games.
So he has to have something in extreme hope.
Do the higher-ups of Konami really listen to the station?
Besides people who work as beta testers slash step-makers, I mean the ones above them.
They're the ones listening and trying to, you know, and trying to reflect, and pretty much take DDR into that form.
Anything else on your mind tonight, Zaku?
GameStop and the other players are still showing BNA US as November 1st is the release date.
I can tell you that's a load of crap. I assure you it will not be November 1st.
I'm saying the same thing too right now. I don't know why they can't get into their...
What are you saying? Who needs to be schooled on this, Zaku?
Uh, EB. EB Games needs to be schooled.
EB Games needs to be schooled on the release date of BeatMania USA.
They need to push it by a few months.
It's not coming up this year.
They need to push it, uh, four more months.
EB Games management, if you're listening, um, EB Games management, update your damn systems.
That game will not be out this year, I guarantee it.
Mhm.
Ultramix and, uh, what was it, that stuff got put on?
Ultramix, DDREX3, er, EX3, EX2 will be out this year, and, uh, the Karaoke Party is gonna be out before the year's out, right?
Yeah, Karaoke Party got posted.
That's my big deal.
Karaoke Party will definitely be out this year. Those will be Konami's big pushes for Christmas, and then next year they can start another game.
Plus, with your Xtreme 2, you know, you get to play Karaoke Party, a demo.
So really really
No one told me this. All right. All right, and that's yes pretty much about it
Digital life Expo next month October 14th and 15th 16th. Don't remind me because I can't go I can't go
but if you can know that but I'm just giving I'm just I'm just plugging the damn thing because you know,
There's people on the East Coast that would want to go so I might as well plug it and just get you know
So tell them the date so they don't forget it.
Zaku, one other quick question for you guys.
I heard, for you, I heard Miyamoto was in New York City today.
Miyamoto the creator of so many Nintendo fabulous games.
Yeah.
Did you go check this out?
Right in your backyard?
Uh, I, I didn't notice that because you know, as I said, I'm like 30 miles away in college
from, I'm 30 miles from the city, I'm 30 miles north of the city.
Nothing to train won't get you to.
Yeah, because, you know, I'm still waiting for that first paycheck for my new job.
Alright, alright.
So, that's it.
Well, maybe he'll be back.
Alright, alright.
Alright, Zaku.
I'm letting you go so we can take other calls.
Alright, man.
Have a good one.
Peace.
Take care.
Alright.
We're going to go to another call.
I apologize to those of you guys that are also trying to get in,
but I definitely, definitely want to get Siggy in here
it was kind enough to get us some previews of a brand new Konami artist-related album
that was out this week, so I want to make sure he can get in here, and we're just going
to wait for him to call. Then we'll get to some more calls on the Skype line. Remember,
if you want to call us on the Skype line, all you have to do is head on over to orangelaungeradio.com
and click on interact with us. Now let's try this again. Siggy, you there?
Yep, I'm here, Skye. Much better. How you doing, my friend?
I'm doing fine.
Can we hear him in studio okay?
Good?
Yeah.
Okay, good.
Segi, now I've been kind of keeping it a secret because I know you wanted to talk about it.
What are we going to hear?
What are you going to let our listeners hear tonight?
As of September 16, 2005, Guitar Freak's drum radio artist Asaki released his debut album, Shin Kyoku.
Cool.
So there are actually four new original tracks by Asaki, and the six of them are from a, you know,
from Bimondi games like Guitar Fix Trip Media and Pop It Music.
So we're going to play track number two, which is the first original song by Asaki.
It's a mid-tempo song with very heavy guitar riffs and such.
So here's Firefly Sotaru.
We're just going to be playing clips of these songs, too.
We're not going to play the whole thing, because they're like six-minute-long songs.
Yeah, just a minute-long clips, yeah.
All right, here we go.
This is track two, one of the brand new Asaki songs.
Now, see, I dug that one.
That should have been on the UltraMix 3 vrare. Wouldn't that be cool to have a song like that on UltraMix 3?
We'll see.
Yeah.
Alright, what else are we going to hear?
Even though I don't play Xbox, yeah, I think so.
Still, still would be a good thing. Okay, then fine, EX2, whatever.
Alright. The second track, which is another second Asagi original, is a very soft piano ballad.
It's a very, how should I say it, very slow, very soft, so here's the sound of Conveil since Yogo no Oto.
All right, here's track five. Yes, that's track five. I was looking for it. Here it is, piano ballad.
...
Now that would not be a good song for DDR.
Definitely not.
Maybe Keyboard Mania, like a one-face song on Keyboard Mania.
Alright, what else are we going to hear?
The third track is a track 9, a third new Asaki original,
which is kind of like a taken page out of Tsumina Gura Tokana's life.
wife and this is a this is the divine comedy which is you know a popular poem
written by Adante Algeri aka Adante's Inferno so here it is
And this is where the album gets its name. This is the title track.
That's pretty cool.
I like that.
Very diverse.
This seems like it would be a good just kind of chill out music playing in the background
while you're trying to study or something. This is good, I like this.
If you guys... That last one makes me think sort of of a post-gog to Malus Miser.
A little bit, a little bit.
Again, if you're just joining us, we're listening to tracks from the brand new
Asaki album, which was just released this week.
Siggy's with us, and what else are we going to hear tonight, Siggy?
Oh, I just forgot to mention that track nine was the longest Asaki song,
which is about nine minutes long.
That was a behemoth of a song, yes it was.
I would expect any song that's going to have Dante's Inferno is going to be kind of long, so.
Okay, what else are we going to hear?
And this one's the last track, you know, the last Asaki original, which is the most ordinary Asaki song that I've ever heard.
It's with Bubble in the Clear Sky.
Alright.
No one is going to have your eye, that's what it is, well
Ain't somebody who's hanging on to you
Let's hear, for those folks that may not recognize Asaki too much, what's one of these songs
that was actually in a previous Bemani game?
The very first Asaki song that he ever, that the Bemani series, he got released was Sanagi
from Guitarpix Romania, seventh mix, sixth mix.
All right, and yes, this one's in rotation on our station as well, so you've probably
heard this song before, but it's a long mix, so here's a little clip of this one.
Alright, those are tracks from the brand new album by Asaki Shinkyoku, did I say that right?
Yeah.
Cool.
Shinkyoku.
Shinkyoku, hey I'm learning.
Alright, so now if folks want to order this album, how can they pick it up, Siggy?
I haven't checked out some online retailers, but I think PlayStation should be starting
their orders.
CD Japan too, right?
No.
Garrett actually ordered this CD because he was actually happy to hear these preview tracks
because he hasn't gotten this CD yet, so where did you pick this up from?
I ordered mine from Playasia, but I thought Golly's...
I don't know, did they change the release date on Golly's art book?
Because I thought it was supposed to come out on the same day, but it obviously changed
so I'm not getting it until October when Golly's book comes out.
So, oh well. I get to listen to it now.
I'm just going to tell Garrett that the file that I sent to Sky, it has the pictures of the cover, the CD, the lyrics to it.
Yeah, I saw those.
Ah, okay.
He was looking over my shoulder while I was browsing it, so.
All right. Well, thank you so much, Siggy, for sharing that with our listeners tonight.
We appreciate you kind of keeping a pulse on what's going on abroad because I don't
sometimes.
I don't blame you. I don't blame you.
I appreciate it. There's just too much. It gets overwhelming sometimes. And Garrett really
helps fill me in on a lot of that stuff because he, you know, can understand a lot of Japanese
and Jamie does too. And, you know, between the two of them, I get filled in on what's
going on but um yeah otherwise i'm lost i'm just i'm just a dumb whitey hey i don't blame
your don't just don't blame your color just uh i know i know it's it's just a joke kids
we're good we're good guys yeah i'm just i'm just uh i don't know all right oh oh one more thing sure
Um, Edward is a poppin' whore, right?
Yeah.
2DX bastard here, nice to meet you.
Oh no, I'm a 2DX bastard too. I'm a 2DX and poppin' bastard.
Well, Siggy insists that he is THE 2DX bastard, so you're gonna have to be like the 2DX wench.
Yeah, well I love keyboard mania!
I know, I wanna be a-
Screw y'all!
I'm a keyboard mania hussy.
No. No, no, no, no.
Alright, Siggy, thanks for calling in. We're gonna try and get to one more call, so I gotta let you go, okay?
It's all about Stance, Stance, Stance!
Torrance my friend no I'm kidding I know I know you wouldn't do that during the
show all right so what's on your mind I was there at Nintendo World this morning
you got to see Miyamoto today hell no no what happened okay this was the plan me
and my crew is gonna go down there at 7 a.m. and relax and get on the line one
of my friends that go down there 10 o'clock Saturday night and check it out
I said, I'll go down to 10. If I see a line, I'm grabbing my bags and I'm going, I never left. I did not think it was going to be that packed.
Wow. It was crazy.
They didn't announce this with very much advance notice about the Miyamoto thing, did they?
Only on NintendoWorld.com and if you're on the Nintendo mailing list.
Wow. Well, that kind of sucks. I'm sorry to hear about that. It got so crowded over there.
So there was like 12 people?
No, like 12 million. Believe me, I know so many straight guys that would go down on Miyamoto.
It's amazing. He's a god to some people, so I'm sure people came out of droves. No, I do know some.
There was about 800 people there.
Alright, well, wow. Well, it's too bad you didn't get to see him, but how's the Nintendo store?
It's pretty sweet. It's really sweet. It's really nice because it looks so modern, you know?
Before when it was a Pokemon it looked all kitty, but it looks really modern, like so 90's chic, you know?
Very cool. Very cool. All right.
I'm also...a few more things and then I'll go.
Sure.
I'm seeing a link to the chat of a bunch of us hanging out today, trying to get inside.
Okay, so check that out. Ron Chan just posted that in our chat room there. It's a photo bucket link of pictures from today.
uh... and and maybe if you look very carefully you might be one little pixel
that happens to be miyamoto
it's three pictures of miyamoto okay cool
you got it from the window and
the first i was on the line he flew in from detroit he was there since twelve
noon saturday
wow
see what i mean to me about some crazy guys are you looking at that link right
now with the
i i see ron chan that must be the land
Yeah, that's me, that's Link, yeah, that's my friend, uh, Greg, my Minish hat.
You dressed up, you dressed up in a Minish cap there?
No, somebody actually came with a Minish cap. That was my classic Link hat that was made for me.
You bought a Minish cap and it came with a person?
No, I wish.
But, um, if you see, like, the little pink hats my friend made, those, the Princess Pea hats, if you notice those.
You guys are nuts. Here's Luigi, we're looking at him. Somebody in a Luigi hat. That's awesome.
We were watching Advent Children.
You guys are such nerds, but that's why I love ya.
You think that's something?
When Miyamoto came to the window, we all ran to the side.
Do you remember the Super Mario Brothers 3 commercial where they were chanting Mario?
We were chanting Mario just like that.
Second time we came to the window, we were shouting, Nintendo!
Nintendo!
People throwing up, holding up their Nintendo controllers, pads, consoles, power pads, power gloves, u-forces.
Somebody walked down the street with an autographed power glove. I'm telling you.
Autographed by who?
That is so bad.
Oh yeah, MTV was there and they're going to put a bunch of this on the whole Xbox video gaming special next month.
Wait, you're going to be on the Xbox video game special?
they do like a video game special a week that xbox comes out and they did a complete cover
of miyamoto being in town wait but but but do you see the problem with this is it just
me because miyamoto last i checked works for nintendo nintendo mtv nintendo xbox not nintendo
wait i thought nintendo made the xbox i'm completely wrong oh my god yeah i would have
I'd love to see the MTV crew going up going,
Hey, so can we be first in line to order our Xbox 360 here?
No.
Yeah, I could see them interviewing Miyamoto.
So what do we have to look forward to in Halo 3?
We actually joke about that online, okay?
Well, at the end of, if you don't beat Halo 3 in a certain amount of time,
then the moon is going to crash into the world and...
We're sorry, Master Chief, but our princess is in another castle.
another halo all right Rama I'm booting you now but have a good one thanks for
calling you today no problem bye bye bye what the hell why would MTV show a
Miyamoto interview during an Xbox special idiots that's the talented MTV
MTV stands for what again must mushy trashy videos I don't know you only see
videos between like 2 and 4 a.m. it's like the only time you can't buy booze
you can see music videos though hmm are they trying to tell us something I don't
know I don't know all right we're gonna go to a break because we need a break
when we come back from this break we're gonna get to the cage match we're gonna
get to with a sim update of the week we're gonna get to the FUs and a whole
lot more and we're gonna get to the winner of the contest. This is your last
chance to get in. This is the last time I'm giving out this email. We are gonna
give away momentarily a v-rare for Max 2 and EX 2 and by entering tonight you're
not only gonna be eligible for tonight's drawing but you will already be eligible
for this week's drawing which we're gonna turn loose to the thousands of
people listen to us on the podcast. So your chances are much better tonight so
get in now, send an email, freestuffatorangelaunchradio.com and if you're the
In the winter, you better answer my reply or you don't get shit, alright?
Woohoo, shit!
I thought shit was the other thing.
Yeah, that's the thing we're going to give away.
We have to talk about this during the break, how we're going to give this away, so we'll see.
In pieces.
Alright, in pieces.
Alright, we'll be back after this.
In this break, we're going to do one of my favorite songs from the UltraMix 3 v-rare because it sounds like synthpop.
It's Raindancer with Come With Me.
And then we're going to get to another song which I don't have labeled because I'm a dumbass.
It's Track 10.
What was Track 10?
I think it's another, um, poop.
No, it's not.
But we're also going to do the UltraMix 3 medley in this
break, the song pack medley, so you guys can hear little
clips of Love Me Do and 250 BPM.
Rainbow Flyer.
Damn it, I knew it was the one I was missing.
I couldn't hear you.
Rainbow Flyer is going to be the other song we
hear in this break.
So we'll be back after this with more
Orange Lounge Radio.
Come with me now Life in the distance
Showing me the way I've forgotten
I've gone too far in confusion
I've been lost
It may take some time
But somehow I will get
To my destination
Now I'm leaving it all behind
I don't know what it is I expect to find
But I'll always want you here by my side
Now I'm leaving you so behind
I don't know what it is I expect to find
But I'll always want you here by my side
Ciao with me
Ciao with me
You come with me now You come with me now
2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 41, 42, 42, 42, 43, 44.
Let me do, let me move
You've been wrong, won't let go
What are you waiting for?
Nico, meow.
Nico, meow.
Nico, meow.
Oh, ass!
or Loki as well so give that a try we are going to give away those CDs any
minute now so free stuff at orange laundry calm if you're not in there yet
you might just be SOL but what I do want to point out is something actually a
suck arena brought this to my attention there's a brand new page posted over at
Konami style that actually has some more information about guitar freaks V the
home release of course that being a big surprise at the Tokyo game show this
here is that they are going to revive the Guitar Freak Stromania series with V and look
at this, look at that, that is an ASC ladies and gentlemen, that is the arcade style controller.
Completely, look at that, they have the little metal cord and everything, and the little
strap, that is going to be bad ass, I want one. So check that out, and the link again
is posted in the chatroom, it's over at konamistyle.jp in their custom factory, aren't those things
going to be expensive though? Yeah, I know. I am not a big enough fan of Guitar Freaks.
Do they have an extra hole so you can use it for other things?
Yeah, but you know I'm going to have one at my house because my husband is the world's
biggest Guitar Freaks fan.
Well, you know, they advertise the game as Guitar Freaks and Drummania is being released,
so right now with the arcade-style controller for Guitar Freaks, I believe they're Konami
styles doing the petition thing to get their polls and see like, okay, how much do you
fan do you really want it okay so there may there may be you know
drum mania arcade controller or something like that following it
eventually or soon after or something which will be equally or more scary with
the price yeah I just I'm just I'm so excited they're bringing guitar freaks
back though what I'm what I'm really excited and I hope they do is that they
really just fill up these mixes with old songs that they missed out on like
because you know otherwise we're never going to get a lot of the great songs
that we're in like you know fifth six and all that stuff like I don't know
fireball and I'm trying to every song that keeps coming to my mind was a
licensed song because fifth had a lot of them haru spring I don't know but we we
need to see some of these songs on a home mix so I really want to see that
so anyway check that out check that out on Konami style all right what we do now
we're gonna place a very special phone call we've got a phone call that we need
to make and we're gonna place that right now what we're gonna do is we're gonna
call somebody who's actually in the hospital and that's somebody who's been
on the show previously but it's not a bad reason why she's in the hospital
you'll see why momentarily first I got to make sure I'm putting in the number
correctly here we'll call this number here doo doo doo doo doo hopefully this
connects this would be quite embarrassing if this old damn thing
didn't work those of you guys there in the chat room probably know what this is
about oh there we go finally one reading
to read these three read these hello hello is this DDR caholic yes Anita
this is Rob on Orange Lounge Radio how are you? Hi Rob. Hi you don't mind that I'm
putting you on air right now do you? What's that? You don't mind that I'm
putting you on air right now do you? Oh no I don't mind being on air. We called to say congratulations.
Congratulations. Thank you. Tell us tell us the details how did it go boy or girl what's the
name? We want to know. I have a beautiful baby boy. His name is Donovan Kiyoshi. I missed that. One more time.
One more time. He was born. His name is Donovan Kiyoshi. Donovan Kiyoshi. Okay, cool. And he was born
on a Thursday at 1.30 in the afternoon, and he weighed 6 pounds and 13 ounces, and he's
all completely healthy, and he's gorgeous. He's got, uh, like, dirty dishwater pond hair,
and bluish eyes, and he's the cutest thing.
We are so happy for you, Anita. We want to see pictures. We want to see pictures. When do we get to see pictures?
Uh, soon. Very soon. I'll be coming home from the hospital tomorrow.
So I'll be able to post some pictures on the net.
Alright. And if those of you guys are wondering why we have...
I have a live journal.
Uh-huh.
And I can go on Orange Lounge, um, if, if...
I can figure out, uh, to be on the Orange Lounge, uh, website.
absolutely absolutely you've got to post those absolutely you got to post that on
the site for us so well oh very very quiet it's very quiet but Skype is kind
of sucking tonight anyway but it's very quiet but I could hear it a little bit
That's so cute.
We're so happy for you.
Thank you so much.
I'm so happy and proud, too.
I'm so glad I can share it with you guys.
No problem.
I'm so glad to be here.
Get well soon.
And I'm asking Daniel to send me the hospital information
so I can hopefully visit soon, like this week sometime.
Well, hopefully you won't be there much longer, but you know.
Oh, she's out tomorrow?
Oh, I didn't know.
Yeah, I'm out tomorrow.
Oh, well, crap.
Well, I still want to come see the baby,
so I'll have to come to your house.
I know it's a long drive.
but maybe I can do it in the next couple weeks or so.
OK.
All right, well, I'll contact you offline.
OK.
All right, well, Anita, congratulations once again
from all of us here at Orange Launch Radio to you.
One of our regulars having a baby, we're so excited.
So congratulations.
And tell Donovan we said hi.
Oh, I will.
Thank you guys very much, too.
No problem.
Kiss.
everybody, all my friends, all my Bamani friends, and all my Orange Munch friends. Hi, everybody.
Share those drugs.
Kisses! Kisses, honey. Take care.
Okay.
All right. Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Aw, so sweet. I apologize to our listeners that Skype is a little bit crappy. I don't
really know how else to phrase that. Skype's running a little bit crappy. But our chat
room is just full of congratulations there. Daniel's actually in chat right now, so if
We want to give congratulations to Daddy.
Daddy's in chat right now, OrangeLawnsRadio.com.
Click on chat, and he's there to take those good wishes back
to Anita from those of you guys in chat,
since you weren't able to talk to her on Skype.
All right, well, I think it's time now for us
to move into tonight's cage match, boys and girls.
The way the cage match works is that we play three songs
for you, back to back to back, and you guys
vote for your favorites.
And the winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's
Vibani and Video Game Music program, which plays 24 hours a day, seven days a week on
this station when we're not here.
What we're going to hear first is last week's winner.
You only get to hear a clip of it because it's last week's winner, so therefore you've
already hypothetically heard this song.
It is Yuzo Koshiro, and it's from Langan Midnight Maximum Tune.
Did I get that right this time?
Yes.
Right on.
is Destination Blackout, and it was Mrs. Dark Sakura's pick from last week.
Don't roll your eyes at me, marriage is bliss, blah blah blah.
Is it?
Alright, here it is, a clip of song number one, Destination Blackout here on Orange Lounge, the cage match.
We're doing it one way or another
One way or another
No more empathy
One, two, three, four.
One, two, three, four!
One, two, three, four!
Alrighty, that was a clip of song number one, Yuzo Koshiro with Destination Blackout.
Received some very good marks on last week's show, so we'll see if it continues to win
for a second week in a row, or if it falls prey to one of our challengers tonight.
Loki, you're up first.
What did you pick for us tonight?
Well, I got a copy of the Diverse 9 album, and this is one of the tracks, actually one of the last tracks, and I remember listening to the demo of this back when I was looking at the tracklist scenes when we covered it on the show, and this song reminded me of the Black Mages, but, you know, it's a song that you've all heard before, so, enjoy!
All right, what is the name of this here Dorisia with V. Yeah. All right Dorisia with V. Enjoy
That one's coming to you courtesy of Diverse Systems.
That's Dorisia with V. Let's go around and see if V gets an A or an F.
Dark Sakura.
I couldn't get into it.
It just was... disjointed.
Disjointed. Okay.
So, it gets... it was above average, but definitely below the greatest thing I've ever heard, so...
Definitely better than just about everything I've heard off that v-ware, so...
It gets a... seven and a half.
Seven and a half. Loki!
Get the nine. I've been blasting this into my car.
Bugged.
Seven.
Garret.
I'm gonna give it an 8. I liked it, but I don't know. Something about Bahmani songs in Cage Match is weird to me, but I still liked it, so I'm gonna give it an 8. So, it was cool.
Alright, my song, we're gonna do it tonight. Song number 3. Now, a lot of people have been ripping on Zonk over that remix, so I thought, okay, I'm gonna give Zonk a chance with one of their original songs. So I'm gonna put Zonk in tonight's Cage Match, because I really couldn't think of anything else.
It's not a Bahmani song. It's not a Bahmani song. It's an original Zonk song. Kiss my butt.
Alright, this is Zonk, song number three tonight with Nervous, Excited, Delighted. Check this out. It's one of their original songs from their latest EP which is called... Shit, I don't remember the name of this EP. I think it's...
I would order it just on that name alone.
Half Human, thank you, Half Human is the name of it.
All right, here it is, Nervous, Excited, Delighted.
Enjoy.
Just to show why I'm still a tear
Rushed at hammering strings
Nellowed dramatic guts
Slapping energy
Beating up to the scary center stage
Why don't we talk in a merry way?
Try to keep the world from breaking
And the pressure is beating me from every direction
Nothing makes it, I got nothing but the fear I left it
What? We can't fail
It's time to go on
It's time to write this piece and get the show on
We party and we grieve and we get to take my food
And we're doing it, yeah, you and me
That's how we do it
Love, love, love, love, love, love, love
What a fright
Something dangerous
Love gets excited, it's a lie
It's not that dangerous
Silence before the explosion
Space is in slow motion
Strike up a code
We are ready to go
Now it's time to get with us
And get this week, we'll fix you up
So wave your hands and kick your butt
It's time that we get dangerous
Firelight full of foreshadows
Something dangerous
Love is excited, delighted, something dangerous
Play dress and clothes to offer though
This must be angsty rock and roll
Pre-delayed and terrified
And let's highlight the night
Night, night, night, night
Nervous, excited, delighted
Something dangerous
Nervous, excited, delighted
Something dangerous
Nervous, excited, delighted
Something dangerous
Now that this day is a lie, there's something dangerous
Do you want this? Do you need this?
Do you want it? Do you need it?
Song number three in tonight's cage match is Zonk. Nervous, excited, delighted. Let's see if that song delighted the folks here in the studio. But remember, it's not up to us, it's up to you guys in chat.
My first impression of it was that I was liking it, I was getting into it, and then it started to repeat.
And it's sort of like, duh, duh, duh, repeat, repeat...
Oh, it's over!
So, um, I like it better than Loki's pick, because it had a cool kind of groove to it, and wasn't all disjointed, but it did sort of...
Are you saying it had a good beat, and it was easy to dance to?
to dance to. No, it had a good beat, but I would probably fall asleep dancing to it.
So, um, it gets an 8.5. 8.5 from Dark Sakura. Loki! It gets, like, a 7.5, because it was
better than the remix that was on the Ultramix, um, 3 soundtrack, but, uh, they do some weird
stuff. It, it was okay, though. I didn't find it repetitive or anything like that. It was
I didn't want it, nor did I need it. Five.
Good. I zonked out six.
Um, I actually, you know, I kinda liked it. I liked it better than
Tittle Tattle, and I liked it better than their Ultramix 3 remix. And I think if they
DDR cut that, they'd lose a lot of the repetitiveness of the song, and I think it'd be a pretty groovy
cut for DDR, so I hope they consider it for Ultramix Sweat 4.
Or, heck, the next Ultramix will probably be a 360 game.
Ultramix 360, the three songs you can vote for in tonight's cage match, song number one
is Destination Blackout, last week's winner. And song number two you can vote for tonight
And song number two you can vote for tonight is Dorisia with Thee.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Zonk with Nervous Excited Delighted.
Place vote now, send a private message to Skye in the chatroom with your vote.
Now you can flood me with private messages, that's okay.
I need to interrupt for something that's really freaking stupid.
Oh jeez.
Alright, what, wait.
Place vote now, we'll get to your votes momentarily.
What?
Armed dolphins released into Gulf of Mexico, and this is not from the onion, this is from
Slashdot.
Armed dolphins?
Armed dolphins released into Gulf of Mexico. Dolphins don't have arms.
Finned dolphins?
That sounds like the next Grand Theft Auto game to me.
Are they ill-tempered? Taking the series where no one has dared take it before.
Dolphins.
I noticed my roommate Extrafur is here, so I want to give Extrafur a chance to say something on the show. Don't zone out on me.
Hi.
Well, no, actually, you know, we did a segment a couple of weeks ago, I'd like to bring back
this segment, and that would be Extrovert's movie review.
Oh, okay.
Okay, so Extrovert, give us a movie review on Corpse Bride.
Corpse Bride, it was pretty good.
It was good watching excitement in the theater.
Thank you for that review.
Thumbs up?
Thumbs down?
It was nicely done.
I liked The Nightmare Before Christmas better, but this one definitely had...
It was more emotional.
It was more, like, dramatic than The Nightmare Before Christmas.
All right.
So, anyways, that's my whole take on that.
Thumbs up, thumbs down, thumbs sideways, thumb up and ass.
Thumbs diagonal ways.
Thumbs diagonal ways.
Yeah.
Okay.
Up.
I don't know.
I was starting to think of Margaret Cho's mother, her impression.
OH MY BUDDY TO JUMP!
Oh my buddy was jumping!
All right.
People were exploding in the theater.
It was great.
All right.
Thank you extrovert for that.
God blood on me.
Now see, what movie are you going to see next week that you can review?
Um, well, I'm going to see Serenity again, but I've already, like, talked that one up like crazy.
So you're going to have to see two movies so you have something for us next Sunday.
Okay.
Don't let me down.
Okay.
Rent something on Netflix, DVD, I don't know.
Find a movie and review it next week.
I need to see that she's never seen it at all I've only seen the butchered one
I've never seen the movie at all I've seen I've already seen it all the way
through because I had a French copy of it a while back like is the uncut
version does he have sex with her or something makes it so she kisses him oh
okay it has more of the love story in it oh for those you guys in chat somebody's
freaking out about serenity? Where? It's this Friday in the theaters.
You can check out Yahoo.com enter in your zip code and you can find out like the rest of us.
And it's really really really really really good.
Because you saw a sneak preview, right?
I did see a sneak preview.
Good job.
And it has all the hot mens in it, right?
It has a few hot mens in it.
Because I think the captain is hot.
The captain is hot, so Simon is hot.
when you're a professional movie reviewer like you are now on orange
lounge
you get to get to advance screenings so you should actually get your card out
there
because you can be our official movie reviewer ok hello extra for all our
very good can i get my ticket please
and they can get in the e three and everything
uh... cuz all that
you know professional extra for movie reviewer
alright let's get through tonight's sim update they were going to give away some
Sim update. Loki, what's going on in the Sim world?
Well, I played more Food Mix 2, and it was good.
Still nothing really too much else going on other than the release of Food Mix 2 last week.
Really, I think Turning Mix 6 is over. I hope it is, because I'm over with it.
And um, there's a new um, what was it, a new, there's another new file tournament coming
up.
Really, nothing going on.
Nothing at all.
Just played Food Mix 2 and waited out.
You need to fill time with something because I'm tallying cage match votes here.
Last call for cage match votes.
Anyways, since I'm filling time, um, yeah I need some alcohol, no, um, well is it Reef
The movie for Madison is awesome. It's so funny. It's got a lot of funny people. A lot of funny people.
This is a Showtime thing. I actually want to see the stage play of it. It looks really neat.
It's basically an anti-marijuana movie. Or was, supposedly. It's based off a 1930s propaganda film put out by the government.
and uh... where basically people smoke pot and then they turn into zombies and kill people
and like have sex and turn the whores and worship cities. That means we want to smoke pot.
It's a great movie.
Yes, so basically um...
Stop it. Okay, basically has Alan Cummings, he's the main guy who's actually kind of like
the government guy who's telling everybody about, you know,
how reefer's bad. He was also in Josie and the Pussycats, mighty fine roll. The main
It was played by Christian Campbell, which is Nev Campbell's brother, and Nev Campbell's also in it.
He was in a movie called Trick, which you'd know about if you're a fag.
Okay. Who else was in this? Oh, fellow SNL cast member Ana Gasteyer was in it.
Okay.
She was hilarious.
Love her impersonation of Martha Stewart. Topless Halloween special.
Christmas special.
Whatever.
It was pretty funny. I highly recommend it. It's coming out. It's going to be packaged with the actual 1930s movie as well, and it's really funny.
Great. All right, thank you.
Actually, I need to ask Axta for something.
Okay.
My friend in her live journal described Corpse Bride, and I want to see if you agree with her description.
Okay.
Corpse Bride was one of those nice heartwarming tales that touches you in all the wrong places.
Well, I didn't feel physically touched by it.
Show me on the doll where Corpse Bride touched you.
It touched me in the pee-pee.
It felt good.
I'm not touching that!
Okay, I think we need to save this show by giving something away! Yay! Let's give some shit away!
DarkSakura, pull a number out of the hat, which actually would be your ass
ass in this case because we don't really have a hat so pull a number out of your
ass and who's our winner I'll pull it out of my boobs all right do that who's
our winner number eight number eight oh I and eight our lucky winner tonight is
fire boma won tonight's V rare he won a copy of the ex2 and ultra Oh ex2 and max
X2 be rare. So, Fire Aboma, check your email in about five minutes because I'm going to
be looking for your address, but you need to send that to a different account. Don't
send that to the free stuff one. Now, if you didn't win, you guys, if you didn't win, don't
worry because you are already entered because you're a live show listener. You actually
get two shots at this. We're really kissing your ass because you take time on Sunday Nights
to Listen to This. You automatically are entered into the drawing that we're going to do next
Sunday, which our whole podcast now has opened up to. Please do not send another email. You're
already in it. You don't have to send another one. So look forward to that.
We'll disqualify you. All right. So sorry to those of you who didn't
win, but you have a second chance. You have a second chance. So we'll do that next week.
So congratulations, Fireboma, who apparently left chat and went to bed. Good job. Fireboma.
I think that disqualifies him. No, we can't disqualify him. He won fair and
square. He won. Bastard. Leaving and going to sleep. All right. Who needs sleep? Sleep
is for weenies. All right. And some folks in chat say they want the max 2 v-rare still
very bad and they heard me slip up earlier and say that we actually have three max 2
v-rares and two EX2s. So we will find a way to give those away. Absolutely. Maybe a bonus?
Maybe. We'll see. We'll see. We might give away a bonus or something. Well congratulations
to narcoleptic fire Obama who won I see how it is you enter the contest and
leave us somebody should send him a copy of this show where we're just razzing on
him for not being here how dare sleep be more important than
orange or Lauren's lunch that's not the people who leave us to go watch Family
Guy dude Family Guy this season has not been funny I don't think great I don't
know if we have we been watching the same show Family Guy is a great show
don't get me wrong but the last two episodes this season have been stupid
They have been absolutely stupid.
I loved the last episode. That was great.
One more day and I would have jumped your bones.
I got linked to a disturbing TV Tokyo page for an anime called Ice Shield 21.
It's about American football.
Huh.
I find that hilarious and I oddly want to see it.
Hmm.
Alright, we're going to go to a break. We're going to do just some random music this break.
this break we don't really have a whole lot a big theme to this break but I want
to play some Vincent D'amore so I know I'm putting that in there we're gonna
hear that and then we're gonna come back and we're gonna tell you guys the
details on our next contest which you can enter starting tonight we are gonna
open it up to our podcast listeners as well as you guys and I just all I have
to say is this so far sharpen your quills because you're gonna be doing
some writing and we'll get to the details on that contest when we come
back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh
Oh
You
Love All Truth, this is what I prove, between me and you, oh hoh oh oh
Love All Truth, each and all you choose, is for me and you, oh hoh oh oh
Uh
You know the way you and I gotta be
You and I gotta be
I'm the main ju maker guy
I said that I am the chill
I am the main ju maker guy
Well, hello, hello, hello, hello, I am the chill
I am the main ju maker guy
I said that I am the chill
I am the main ju maker guy
Mr. Random person on the street who by the way
is not an actor. What do you think of the Orange Lounge Baymani Music & More show?
The music is like being transported to just this dancing spaceship place. It's unearthly.
It's like being in a club, except you don't have to ask someone to dance.
Alright, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio. Here we are, another show almost to a close.
a good half hour of show left and we got still the FUs to get to and all sorts of other stuff
as well. First off though, what I wanted to do, I was gonna, oh man, I was trying to find
this sound file I had. If you're doing what I think you're doing, you can just stop it.
Stop it!
I don't know where it went, I'm so sad.
Oh, darn, darn.
I only have the version where it goes, hey, Loki, what do you think about gay sex, and
it's so much fun.
But anyway, no, what happened during the break, it was really funny, I guess you had to be
there, but Extrofer asked Jamie, asked DarkSakura, how's World of Warcraft going?
And Jamie goes, it's so much fun.
And then we all started giggling, and Loki's like, shut up.
I was being serious, it really is a lot of fun.
but it's really funny. It's a lot better than Final Fantasy XI ever was. Ah, shut your piehole.
Alright. You've never played this. You don't know. I've seen it. You don't have to party with stupid people.
I don't trash on World of Warcraft though. I think it's okay. I just, you know, I'm
obsessed with it. Well, no, no, no, no, no, because I'm very bitter toward Final Fantasy XI because of the
idiots. But, okay, it's like, hi, I'm gonna give you warning before I decide to buff everybody
and I'm half tempted that if, you know, I give you a 20 second delay to get there
before I cast the shit, and if they're not there, screw it, no haste for you.
You done?
Feel better?
No.
They make white mages bitches in that game.
We're gonna go from one, um, we're gonna go from one rant to another.
Uh, In the Groove, we have completely defaced this copy of In the Groove, extra for you
actually need to add something to this too.
Inside now.
This has been defaced, huh?
Doesn't he really need to add something?
There's just a name or something, so that all sorts of Orange Lounge personalities are
represented here.
Garrett has defaced this, Bug defaced it, Loki, myself, and DarkSakura of course all
defaced this copy. Things just written all over this. This game sucks monkey
balls. Actually, Loki signed it at least twice. I don't know why that is. DarkSakura
drew an artistic interpretation in the middle. We wrote all over the
instruction manual. We are going to be giving this away to a lucky listener.
Alright, and here it is. This is how you enter the contest. It's the Orange Lounge
radio haiku contest what you have to do is you have to write a haiku about in
the groove and we the host of Orange Lounge radio will pick our favorite and
that will be the winner of this and it is totally up to the three of us
whatever judging criteria we want to use we will pick our favorite but there is
one little catch Jamie tell them about the catch it's not in traditional haiku
format first of all it was sort of your first line must be five syllables your
second line must be seven syllables and your last line must be three ah so
instead of five seven five you have to do a five seven three hi cool we call
this the olr format yes the olr format and if you catch on to what five seven
three means congratulations you're a dork alright so it's the five seven
three haiku that you have to do send your entries the five seven three haiku
on in the groove to haiku at orange lounge radio.com haiku H I K U wow did
somebody actually do this Photoshop here it's Sakurina did a Photoshop here of
Loki promoting the new iMac G5. Oh, it's so much fun. Now featuring In the Groove. And
at no point does it have my name on it. It's actually in the title of the picture. Oh,
whatever. Good job. All right. Don't think that just because you don't, you can't write.
You have a whole week to think about this, kids. You have a whole week, at least. And
if you don't know how to write, then go back to school. Five, seven, three. That's all
you need five seven three five syllables seven syllables three syllables the
favorite will win send those entries to haiku for those of you that can't spell
h a i k u haiku at orange launch radio.com and we will pick our favorite
which is ukiah backward thank you for that that's the way I remember it oddly
yes we will post a reminder in the forums will actually post a news item
as well you guys won't forget it'll be in the podcast we need pictures of it we
need to take pictures of it before we give it away all right and maybe
something extra special from us as well maybe we'll throw in a CD or something
we'll see so even if you already own in the groove this is a special copy of in
the groove because we've defaced it so if you want to get a big eraser and
erase what we did you can't it's in permanent marker and pink pen all right
and on top of that this is no longer in the groove it's I stepped in the poop
all right five seven three haiku about in the groove send those to haiku at
orangelaundry.com. Alright, now I'm sure a lot of people are getting angsty here
so it's time to do the FUs of the week. The FUs of the week and huh? Oh, you
want to know the cage match winner? I suppose we should do that as well, shouldn't we?
Oh, I always forget to do the cage match winner. Tonight's cage match winner was
kind of a landslide. Shouldn't be a surprise with this crowd that V by
Dorsaria wins tonight's cage match because you guys are whores for V. Tools, all of you.
Sheep. You're all a bunch of sheep. Alright, so Dorisia goes into rotation all week long
and the two of us, DarkSakura and I, have to come up with something new for next week,
so we'll see. Alright, let's get into the FUs of the Week. DarkSakura, why is it that
have to do the FUs of the Week every single week and send yours in over private message
right now if you want yours read. Because of Loki's vMix. That's my week. A big FU just
being stuck by myself while my man's off in Texas. I wish my job would send me to Texas
randomly. Um, so that I'm like, you know, not anywhere near California. Um, SU goes
to jury duty sort of halfway because I actually wanted to go so that I could sleep in about
two hours more than normal. And, uh, no, I have to go to work and then check back at
11 to see if I have to go. I get to go the week after. Good for you. I bet you feel special.
I hate it, but I want to get put on like a really interesting case or
Like one that has like a lot of forensic evidence for me to mull over to stuff like that interests me
Or like real estate stuff because I actually studied real estate law
So I know what to do with that or mortgage law because that would totally be me
But I don't want to be I don't even mind having a serial murder case
Because serial murderers have like specific criteria they look for in their victims
But if it's like some really rich and powerful person, I don't want to do that because then
they hunt down the jury, or they're convicted for being morons.
I really want to nail a stupid person, though.
I want to be on the jury for someone who did something really stupid, because they go,
ah, you're stupid, guilty.
Um, F.U. to, uh, and I hate saying F.U. to my man because I love him so much, but after
me being so lonely and missing him so much, he comes home and wakes my ass up by banging
on the metal door and then fusses at me, accusing me of not doing the dishes, which I did the
dishes three times while he was gone, okay, and then, just because I had company last
night, and then, and then, I'm, you know, doing homework, and he, no, he says he's taking
a shower, so I start doing my homework, and then he's gone, I don't know where he is,
So I finished my homework, I played with my puppies.
I get started on working on another project,
and then he comes up and says,
oh yeah, I told you I was going across the street.
No, you didn't!
And if you did, you need to make sure that I heard you.
And then he says, you would come play Madden with us.
And I hate American football more than anything,
just about, except for idiots,
because most of the time it really is,
I think a football, and I think a big, fat, ugly,
buttooth rednecks, you know, the stereotypical redneck,
drinking a beer, you know, drinking a bud or a Coors, something nasty, you know, in
a wife beater and, you know, torn up jeans or shorts or like boxers or something. I have
this mental image because I have actually seen it multiple times in different places,
usually in Mississippi. Um, so yeah, I, I can't, I was so mad. And then I come here
And then I still don't have my game.
Which irks me.
The K game.
The K game.
Kalamari.
Na na na na na na na.
Reee!
Dot dot dot.
And then, and then I really want, uh, Dirge of, uh, Cerberus delayed.
The beta test got delayed.
So that means it's gonna be delayed even more.
And I don't really give a crap about online content because I want Vincent Eye Candy.
candy. The end.
turn on a four-way stop and I go through there and dumb old guy slows down
briefly and then goes nearly like rear-ending my car so then I'm pulling
up to the stop the next stop sign which is a two you know a three-way stop and
dumbass pulls up next to me there is no other lane there's only one lane and he's
trying to create his own lane and so I go and he goes right next to me thus
creating his own lane I guess because he's old and stupid his car sucked so
So fuck you to old people because you can't drive and you need to be off the road.
And you're not the only old person that's done this.
There are other old people that drive too slow, other old people that don't look at
where they're going.
Whenever I see a car on the road, it's of one of a couple criteria.
Woman or old person or an old woman, which is the worst.
The bigger the hair, the slower they drive.
So yeah.
I do have to say that there was a guy probably about in his early twenties.
There's this one intersection by Red Robin going on sunrise for anyone who lives in the
area
where you have two left turn lanes, you know, one of them turns right and can go
straight to
and then there's actually
two
left lanes.
Well the guy pulls into the opposite traffic lane as a turn lane
And we roll down the window and go, um, hey, you, over here, and he's like driving like a Camaro.
My favorite...
It was no bitchin' Camaro.
It was a guy.
My favorite, though, is the guy that said, you know, pull up, we're in the left turn lane, okay, there's only a left turn lane, and, you know, a lane that goes straight and right.
And this guy pulls up into oncoming traffic, goes to the left of the left turn lane, and makes a left turn, all when the light's just green to go straight.
It's like, holy crap, you just completely ignored every single traffic law right there.
I had another lady today in her van pull straight through the red, um, through the stop sign.
Just didn't even slow down, just went 50 miles an hour through the stop sign.
Three hour show, Loki.
Okay, Rob, I'm going to talk really fast then.
so my other F U was to screaming kids in the movie last night. The end.
FU to Loki for being a jackass, FU to Renee in chatroom for calling me a liar. I hope your copy of EX2 is scratched and doesn't work. Just kidding, heart.
FU to this pink thing that I have on my desk. I don't even know what it is, but I always want to play with it. I don't know why.
You know how they have training wheels? That's a training cock ring.
No, this is not a training cock ring, and this would never fit.
This is, it was on a CD spindle, I think.
That's why it's so small.
That's what it is, and I can't stop playing with it, it's smooshy.
I should send this to a contest winner, so it's out of my house.
Maybe I'll do that.
You can play with this, too.
My finger's been in this hole, I don't know how many times.
Do you want to sign it?
I have sharpies.
Somebody's going to cut that little clip of the show and make a YTMND out of it.
Yeah, low-key.
I should send that to a random listener.
Anyway, let's see, what else do I have in FU?
I'm not going to sign it and give it away. It's my pink thing. The listeners can get their own pink thing.
I bet you many of them do.
uh...
uh... an f u to uh...
me having to clean out this week
as we have company over this weekend
i don't want to clean
cleaning sucks
i want a robot the cleans for me
i should get married with the
all from the jetson you directly from the death
all right
let's go to some other refuse uh... including those in the house let's talk
to uh...
What's your F.U. this week?
F.U. to the giant scratch somebody put in my hood Thursday night when I was in San
Jose getting blasted off my ass
at the tide house for a birthday party.
Second F.U. to maximum tune at UC Davis for
gleefully accepting my card and then telling me, hey, drop three more bucks
and we'll import your card data to another card that'll work with our machine.
Yeah, right.
And a F.U. for Netflix for not working damn faster.
I want that movie the next fucking day, not the day after.
Use wormholes or some shit like that.
That's it.
Alright.
Garrett.
Um, an F.U. to eBears who sell forged autographs on items.
Oh, that was short and sweet.
Extrovert.
Um, f you to guys that say the exact wrong thing during sex.
Okay. Okay, you want the story? Okay then, Xtifer.
Sure, Xtifer. Tell us all about your sex, or I'm sorry, of sex that your friend had.
Well, we were busy having sex, and he says- Oh, look at that! Look at that! We just lost
Oh, oh, no problem. No, I'm still talking.
I'm sorry, I forgot this was the extrovert show. My bad.
Well, thanks for remembering. No, so basically he stops as we're into it and he says something like,
yeah, so I'm not in the mood for getting into a relationship right now.
And I looked at him and I said, why are you going to say something stupid like that while we're having sex?
I'm like, sex is stupid.
You don't have a brain when you're having sex.
You don't think.
You don't say things that you think of.
I'm like, unless they're dirty.
You say dirty things.
I mean, I can think of very many dirty things.
I can probably say a bunch of them right now if I wanted to.
Sure, why not?
Yes.
Dishes.
Sure, give us an example.
Why not?
The listeners are already scared as it is.
You know, like the normals, suck my cock, you know, stick your tongue up my ass, you
know, stuff like that.
But you know, you don't want to say something that's actually, you know, somewhat conversation,
you know, starting.
I got limp, okay?
It's very difficult for me to talk about something like that during sex, and so I, you know,
fuck you to that, to him.
And we are done.
we're not extrovert we have to get to the chat room FUs oh okay we're done with the
extrovert show for now all right all right by the way our chat room have a good time
laughing at that good job extrovert uh nintendo maniac 64 fu loki for stealing my line which
is because i can fu to my laptop for not only having a cracked screen but for the screen
not even coming on now. FU Orange Lounge Radio talk show people for having times that keep
us East Coasters up to 1230 AM. Oh, sorry. That's your own fucking fault for not living
in the right time zone. And plus, you know, we have to go to church before this show's
on, so. Uh, FU to Homework for existing. Is that that church with beer? Shut up. FU Windows
Media Player for not supporting formats such as MPG, MOV, MP4, RM, etc. Uh, FU to my school
for actually sending my report card out dark night says my fu goes to bosses who
ask people stupid questions when it comes to work i.e. your credit app
performance is bad how do you look at yourself in the morning type questions
Ron Shannon says a massive giant fu to the catty bitches on the line that tried
to get people kicked off the line and cried at Nintendo World to meet Miyamoto
please shut the fuck up if you tried to pull that I would have grabbed you by
your hair and chucked you into the street. Welcome to New York, bitches.
Jayden's Angel says, F you to everyone for not posting comments in my live journal.
Sacarina says, F you to my parents not letting me spend my hard-earned money on any Japanese
imports. F you to Quebec Law making all the money but UltraMix 2 illegal.
F you to Japan Post for not sending my friend his powerbook today.
F you to batteries dying when I'm pulling off the best damn score on pole position on
Ms. Pac-Man Joystick TV thingy Also F you to forgetting my drama homework
Spirit Snare says a big F you to V for being V
Another F you to beat Mania US for not admitting that it has V
And last F you to Tran only because she's in V
Misty says fuck cage match I didn't vote for V I voted for the Zonk one
Fuck being off on Sunday and not having any good FUs besides cage patch.
Dark Tetsuya says FU to Konami slash KCEH for putting Rainbow Flyer on UltraMix.
Zaku says FU to my meal plan at school since it has screwed me over in so many levels so
far.
FU to my new kick ass 13 inch LCD TV for having a dead slash stuck pixel a day after I bought
it.
Sounds like my PSP.
FU to my school's cable TV in the form of DirecTV and Dish Network feeds for having
channels with frozen pictures. Tomokun says fuck this next week of school. Fuck Community
Day. Fuck HD DVD. Fuck the new Best Buy being a tiny Best Buy. Fuck not affording games.
Color of Sakura says F you to the fact that Live 365 keeps crashing on me. F you to the
fact that my copies of DDR 3rd, 4th, and 5th Mix are taking forever to come in the mail.
Goggle says F you to Hartwick College for calling me at home all the time despite me
me telling them I don't want to go there.
GS191 says F you to the arcade manager for accusing me of breaking me in the groove machine.
Start taking care of your own machines you fat shit eating bastard.
F you to the fucking old lady to put a debt into my car and tells me that it's my fault.
Fuck you you old hag, fucking bitch.
And lastly John Field says F you to my school for throttling BitTorrent and forcing me to
download stuff on dial up.
Shit that was a lot of F yous.
people are angsty as hell tonight. Alright. So, um, there it is. Your FUs of the Week.
Brought to you by Orange Lounge Radio. Loki, what's on your mind?
Um, I'm tired of the cheese. I kind of want to eat the rest of it, but it's getting even
harder. And, uh, but there's not much left. You remember how much it came in with? That
is all that's left. Did you have to hold brick when you came in here? I had half of it. Are
Are you worried about having a heart bypass when you're 30?
No?
Just curious.
Are you 25 yet?
Yes.
Okay, then you don't have to wait until 25 for that.
He just turned 25 a few.
That's right, last week.
His birthday is September 11th, so.
Lucky guy.
All right, well, damn, I'm out of topics.
Let me scan.
I'm sure I missed something here on orangelaundryradio.com.
Give me a moment here.
Ask Orange Laundry.
We only have five minutes left.
Okay, if we get a couple quick questions, we'll do some Ask Orange Lounge.
Hurry up and send a question over to orangeloungeloungeradio.com.
Oh, I wanted to add this. I guess we can throw this out there.
We have a MySpace now. I guess we can promote this, right? Why not?
Yeah, I was going to do it.
Well, Terry's going to turn it over to you, right? Or something. He said he would.
So, we are actually discontinuing.
For those of you guys that are in our 1UP Club, due to lack of activity
the fact that we're going to actually be leaving, or at least I'm going to be leaving my blog
on 1up.com for another project pretty soon.
No disrespect to the folks there, but we're going to discontinue our club there.
I never used mine.
Yeah, so we're discontinuing our club at 1up.com.
Instead, now we have a MySpace.
And MySpace I know we've joked about sometimes is where the internet goes to die, because
in some ways it is.
It is.
And why is it the place where the internet goes to die?
Your sister's MySpace.
My sister's Myspace is god awful, it is.
That is a very good example.
She has like little pictures of Satan like spinning around and stuff.
But yeah, anyway, we actually have a brand new club on Myspace.
I'm just trying to find the URL.
I think it's Myspace.com slash Orange Lounge, but I'm just kind of trying to make sure of
that here.
Shoot.
There we go.
There we go, yes, it's groups.myspace.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio, so if you're a Myspace
whore, like the rest of us, you can actually join our club on Myspace.
And I don't know what we're going to do with the Myspace club, but we'll do clubby things.
Okay?
Like baby seal clubs?
Yeah, we'll go and drink a lot and listen to Blur, and you said club things.
Yeah, I know.
I like the baby seal clubs.
We'll club you, actually, if you join this club.
Oh, cool. Well, maybe do a special giveaway for the club or something, but we want to have a MySpace page.
Actually, something we thought about is maybe we actually should have an actual artist page so we can put songs on it, and it could be clips of the show or something.
So we thought about doing that, too. So maybe Dark Soccer, you can work on that one.
It's so cool.
Work on that end of it.
Maybe.
Maybe.
And, of course, I have my Loki Fusion page on MySpace.
Yes, you do. Hoard that out, because it's been a little while.
uh... myspace dot com slash lowkey fusion and uh...
i need to add some more stuff to it. I have a couple songs on there
but some stuff that you might not be able to find or you know
because a lot of my mp3's are out there but it's hard to find now so
they're up there, some of them
alright we're actually getting some questions for ask orange lounge we don't
have much time left in the show so we're gonna go ahead and get into these
questions
uh... so we can wrap this shit up
let's ask orange lounge
some stupid question
what will we find out this week on orange lounge radio i hope if you had a
question you already sent it in because i'm cutting the rest of you off because
we're going to be overtime
alright uh...
Renee, first, just a quick comment. The Ultramix 3 song pack medley sounds like what you'd hear in different phases of a climatic final boss fight.
Now my question, what do you all believe is the mystery track after what's supposedly after the 250 BPM remix?
I honestly have no idea. I've listened to that thing and I just, I don't, I don't know.
strong jaeger i could probably ask somebody and probably find out but i
don't think that they'd appreciate me sharing that information right now so
it was a strong jaeger
or uh... i think it's something that i think it's something l-e-d maybe it's
like big voyager
you heard garrett says he's heard strong he stirred up a strong anger in there
definitely
i thought you guys said vinj and jae was in there and i thought they were like
mashing it all up with something else but i thought i heard the bass from that and that
I thought the two things that were in there were, because someone was saying there's five tracks, and it was 250 BPM, being from Denjin J, Love Me Do, Outer Limits, and then another remix of Love Me Do was my guess. Not in exactly that order.
Alright. Well, we'll see. Anyway, we gotta get to some other questions here. Rene's second question. What would you do for a Klondike bar? Eat it. No, what would you do for a Klondike bar? You can't eat it until you've done something for it.
I would eat another Klondike bar.
Um, I wouldn't eat a Klondike bar.
Me either.
That's it, I gotta go buy Klondike bars now, thank you very much.
Legend of Zaku says, I have an LCD TV now, I need some cool shit to do with it.
Um...
Kill it!
Give it to me!
Lower it and put a spoiler on it.
Play Atari 2600 on it.
Sakurina says, what does the Poppin' Music whore think of the new Bomani logo on Poppin' 13?
I have no idea, really. I don't know. I think the interface looks like shit in Pop Music 13.
Nintendo Maniac 64 says, why do you like to deprive us easterners of sleep?
That's your own fucking fault.
In all seriousness...
Why do they like to deprive us of our morning here?
Yeah, if we did the show any earlier, we'd be cutting into the rest of our weekends, so we really can't.
uh... e there's just
you're screwed i'm sorry i i really wish i had some better news for you but uh...
now there you know it's great there's actually a way
and you can actually they have like a thing for streaming media worth like
you know
kit yet he wrote a show figure waited i'm sure somebody like
so they are chat room that knows about those things like john fields goes on i
think you know something about that
every white misty at the military lines are available
I'm not sure when they do own on freak. Yeah on Fridays
Nintendo maniac 64 also wants to know why doesn't my Numa mp3 work in wmp. It doesn't want to play that song because it's horde
I'm assuming that's wmp. I'm one I'm saying that's Numa Numa a probably. I don't know
John Field says given your recent issues with show timing are there any considerations of expanding the show another half an hour to an hour?
Only if you'd like to wake up and do my job for me in the morning?
I don't know if that's... he might be talking about Orange Lounge to Go, because Orange
Lounge to Go is supposed to be 30 minutes, but it's been going an hour. Orange Lounge
to Go goes however long we feel like, basically. But this one, no. No way.
This particular show, no, because we taped the podcast right after this show, so there's
no way we could expand the show. In fact, if anything, we'd want to cut back this show
to make our podcast longer, but we're not going to do that at any time soon. No plans
at this time. Tomokun says, Blu-ray or HD DVD? I want them both to come up with something
that's standard, so both work, because I don't want to buy two players, period. That's it.
You don't have to.
What?
JGB is making one of both.
Good. And lastly, Illusion wants to ask, where's Waldo?
Quebec having sex with extra fur I don't know I mean in a bunker in Iraq that's
the end of the show boys and girls final thought time extra for your final
thought why is it gonna be me Garrett your final five Garrett I don't have a
final thought I'm thoughtless thanks for coming
He was.
That's not what he said.
He didn't say things for coffee.
Buggs, your final thought?
Because it's Quebec.
Loki, your final thought?
I forgot to mention this earlier, but
fuck you to McDonald's for making shoddy cuffs that break open in my car.
Every time.
And my final thought is, um...
I still don't want to clean.
DarkSakura, your final thought?
Um, I want pancakes and reject false icons.
We need to go to Country Waffles.
I had Country Waffles today.
I have to have pancakes on a cheat day.
I went to Country Waffles today.
I hate you.
I love waffles.
I want a peanut butter banana waffle so bad.
I can have cheat day next month.
Alright.
Um, final word, one word of the show to sum it all up.
Don't forget kids, send in your haikus to win our copy of In the Groove 573 style.
Garrett, the Poppin' Music Whore, gets one word to sum up the whole show, the final word
of the night.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Won't you climb up high, high through the sky and choose them all?
Cause they don't deserve to live, what did they ever give to you?
Na-na-na-na-na-na
What I want you to do, I want you to go upstairs to that apartment where that guy keeps playing that fairy tale
I could cook banana over and over and over again
I want you to ring the doorbell, nobody answers the door
I want you to stab him in the neck with a number two pencil
Over and over and over again, because he
must pay!
Shut him up and put him in the freezer as you leave the apartment
Light the place on fire!
Voices in my head
Please love
The voices in my head
Voices in my head
Please love
The voices in my head
She dressed up like a clown
Bobby!
Hi! You never called me back, I got the pictures back from Thanksgiving
I don't know why you wear that earring, if your father was alive, I don't know what he'd say
I was talking to Mrs. Corelli yesterday, you know Bobby Corelli was in your grave?
He got promoted again at his law firm, he's making $175,000 a year now
Are you on drugs? Why don't you ever call me back?
When are you gonna get married, son?
It's been about time you settled down
and got yourself a wife, got yourself a house
and got a kid and got a car and got a dog
and got a lawnmower and got a nice movie set
The voices in my head
Move on
The voices in my head
The voices in my head
Move on
The voices in my head
The voices in my head
Why, why is it every time I gotta win our fuckin' line?
Why is it every time I turn on my television set I gotta see Sally Struthers and those starving kids?
Why can't somebody just send her a chat and shut her and those goddamn kids off?
Where's Rob Reiner when you need him?
Why, why don't they drop the bomb right on top of everyone?
the voice in my head as I speak a home
the voice in my interest and my wisdom
the voice in my voice and my health
Operators standing by
Don't cry, don't, don't play no games
Is anybody else here there
Don't cry, don't, don't play no games
Is anybody else here
Is anybody else here
Is anybody else here
There's somebody else in the door
Is anybody else here
There's somebody else in the door
Is anybody else here
Is anybody else here
Is anybody else here
Stop, stop, stop with the singing!
Phew!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Chat room is incessantly asking where they can download the vremix. Can they download that anywhere? Do they have to buy the diverse thing?
Well, if alt control delete was still up, they're having bandwidth issues right now, but there's a torrent on altcontroldelete.com. They have a whole diverse systems folder.
But that'd be where you'd find it. But until they come back, no. I don't know.
don't know all right thanks you guys tuning in and listening we're now going
to go back to our Bahmani music and more program and download our podcast please
Have a good night, thanks for listening, take care, and uh, KISSES!
