🎵Music🎵
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello everybody, yes that's right we are actually live tonight, believe it or not, because the
man can't hold us down forever, that's right.
So we're back, thank you Live 365 for working tonight, we appreciate it.
Anyway on tonight's show we got a whole lot of crap to catch up on, so we'll be doing
that tonight and also celebrating Loki's birthday somehow I don't know and just
talking about to DDR it's some other games and things going on and oh I had a
baby that's right I had a baby so we have to talk about my baby you have a
future tennis player that's right I have a baby so we're gonna talk about my
future tennis playing baby when we start the show here momentarily get your butt
and chat. Orange Lounge, here we go.
Come on.
Oh, God.
Heh heh heh heh heh. Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...bluh-uh-bluh-chap...bluh-caw-key.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
Is this thing on? Believe it or not, it is.
We are live!
and this is episode number 155 for this September the 11th of 2005 and you're
tuned in to orange lounge radio radio that gamers really want and this is
orange lounge radio live your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm
and music games once in a while as well as the gamer community and the pop
culture world a little more often we're plugged in and fully interactive through
our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com. My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me
as Sky. Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts. Say hello to the happiest bunny
on the farm, Miss Dark Sakura. I like almond butter and cinnamon bread. It's good stuff.
You just made me think of Cinnabon. Oh, damn. I hunger for Cinnabon right now. I found really
good cinnamon bread. And I need an Ethernet cable, please. You know why Cinnabon pisses
me off though because it smells like crack yeah well cuz they have one in the
mall and it's like right fucking by Eevee games so every time I want to go
shopping for games I go ooh cinnamony so fuck cinnabon oh hi Loki's here to the
tech master Loki yes I'm I'm here and I destroy twin B with Optimus Prime we've
We've got to talk about this game later on. That game was the shit.
Well, we'll talk about some various stuff tonight. Of course we've got a little bit of
Bimani news to talk about. Well, I don't know if it's so much a little bit, but the V-Rare is out.
We were going to play it for you guys tonight, except I couldn't get my hands on it, and I'm going to tell you about what happened there,
because it's kind of a funny story. We'll tell you about that. Loki's supposed to be getting a copy of it from inside Konami, but...
And also Ultramix 3's vrare, which we'll have first, hopefully.
Hopefully.
Hopefully.
The guy better hurry up.
Daniel's gotta hurry up, so.
Hopefully.
Well, we'll have those soon, so we'll play those for you guys, but a lot of you guys have been getting your grubby little hands on the vrare, so we'll talk about the vrare.
We're gonna talk about some other stuff, too, going on in Konami's world.
Really cute little Akira Yamaoka teaser I saw that I have to show you guys. It's so cute.
And who knows what else we'll talk about tonight.
We also have a special guest in the studio who just joined us. Say hello to Bugd!
I had to finish cracking out on Burnout Legends there.
That's fine.
Uh oh, bye Loki!
Is he going to pick up the game then?
Probably.
Alright.
We're going to go to a break.
I think we're going to start off this break with a song from a v-rare that will just...
I don't think any v-rare that ever comes out in the future will ever be able to compare to this v-rare because it was so damn good.
And that's Ultramix 2's V-Rare.
So we're going to play some songs from Ultramix 2's V-Rare.
Uh, started off with a little bit of, um,
Neuropa, because I like Neuropa, they're cool.
Gee, weren't we listening to Neuropa last night?
Yes we were, so we're going to hear them right now, with standing still in time.
We'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Join our chat room, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on chat. See you there.
All my fading memories, back to where it all began
So much there I understand, as I look now
To a distance far away, I will cross a million lines
Now I'm standing still in time
Still inside, still inside
Still inside, still inside
Let me breathe
Let me open it to me
You fly, let me breathe
Let me know that I'm with you
Call me Nacha, I'm a cyber messenger, wack it in
Bit away, call me edge, I'm a kung fu monster
Beat away, you can't sweat, cause I'm evil first
In between, betray, who the what, must gotcha
Control your mess and I'll sway you man down
Deep in the sweat, there's a wire goin' on
Put your mask to the beat, call me Nacha
Don't you draw, keep your space, where the end
I'm a cyber messenger, wack it in
Yeah, then I drop to the next zone, you know, that I don't grow, come and grow, to the end, I
Yeah, then I drop to the next zone, you walkin' in, breakin' in, to the same time we nacha
Call me nacha, talk to draw, keep it speed with the end
Call me nacha, drop out of throw, come and grow
Baby, better wait, call me edge, I'm a conquer monster, be the way you can sweat, tell the people first
In between, betray, who the what must capture, who the who want your mess around, pull away your makeup
The words are saying, baby, I found my soul
And it keeps me hanging on
Understand me now
The frequency of the beat gets higher
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon
No!
Just kidding. Orange Lounge Radio. Crap-free Bhavani Radio.
Hey kids, we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Episode number 155 here in progress. Yes, that's right.
We are actually live tonight. I'm so freaking excited.
We are off for a couple weeks there. One week was our choice. We were gone for a
week because, hey, you know what? We deserve a vacation once in a while.
And actually, secretly, some things are going on behind the scenes including
Jamie's Bachelorette party happened to be the same night, but that was cool because I got to go
I was the only guy at Jamie's Bachelorette party, but it was fun. I had a good time
That's because you're special and I saw Xanadu for the first time
No, you need to sit down and watch Xanadu all the way through from beginning to end. That movie is awesome. Bring earplugs
No, I like the music in Xanadu. That actually was like one of the only things that made it worth it
The interesting thing about Xanadu, and I know a lot of you guys probably only know Xanadu from, you know, that song that was in DDR Third Mix.
Wait, I'm trying to play a clip here. There we go.
This is the first song a lot of people played in DDR.
It starts with an X. An X is always better.
Notice it's a one-footer. The Olivia Project. Queen of the one-footers.
Um, anyway. So Xanadu's like this old-ass movie. Well, not that old.
I mean, I was alive, but it can't be that old. 1980.
That movie is... 25 years old. Wow.
Had Gene Kelly in it. Yeah, so what it was trying to do was trying to be like a throwback
to, like, old cinema, where they would, you know, sing and dance
in the middle of it, and the plot was very thin, but that's okay, because
was all about the music that was kind of like the idea but the plot was about
wanting to open up a roller disco and Olivia Newton-John was the muse the plot
was about a guy who lost his inspiration and she was the muse I see see I'll show
you how much how much I was paying attention to the evidence because you
came in and did you see the animated part yes I did I love the animated part
it's Don Bluth Studios and Don Bluth owned to give it a video game connection
did Dragon's Lair, Space A. Same guy who did that stuff, and Dragon's Lair is awesome.
Even though Dragon's Lair was ridiculously simple and kind of, like, as a game itself
it was kind of stupid, like, the interactive cartoon feature of it made it so worth it.
The technology at the time was pretty nifty. It was kick-ass. Well, hell, I can sit here
and pay a quarter to control a laserdisc. That's really bad. Well, think about it.
We never got a perfect copy of Dragon's Lair at home until DVD players.
Or if you are into the emulation scene, the Daphne emulator.
Okay, true, but I should say a blessed copy of it.
Novellma?
I'm not...
Oh.
Scooby?
No.
You say Scooby, I think Buffy, so...
No.
Anyway, so we were off two weeks ago because of that.
We had the Bachelorette party going on, which, by the way, was one of the more girly things
I'd seen in a while, and you know, being the gay guy, I got the inside look at what girls
really do when they get together.
We also had Barbarella, the parts of it anyway.
A little bit of it, which was, now that movie is stupid.
We missed the death by orgasm scene.
And Jessica made us skip the doll scene, which-
No, I made us skip the doll scene.
One of you two made us skip the doll scene.
I had nightmares about the doll scene.
The doll scene looked cool.
Anyway.
We'll watch it all the way through one day.
I keep mishearing that as dollzine from like Street Fighter, I'm like, where's the dollzine?
Yoga!
Yoga!
Yoga fire!
Death by yoga.
Yoga flame.
Anyway, last week, we were all here. We had a shitload of people in the studio, too.
We had, uh, Mikolatov was here, uh, Pixie Dust was here, the Orange Launch Madam, who hadn't been here in like a year and a half,
and her, uh, fiancé now, or long-time boyfriend, one of the two, no stylin' was here, and, uh, Mel B was here, and we couldn't do a show, because...
And we were drinking.
And we were drinking. We were quite intoxicated last week.
I had three Guinnesses.
And Live 365, due to some error after their maintenance window, they do regular maintenance
on Saturday nights now, but they did some stupid error afterwards that caused nobody
on Live 365 to be able to carry a live show, which pissed some people off royally because
there's some stations out there that run live all the time, which, you know, one day in
a more perfect world, I would like to be able to have Orange Lounge live all the time.
We'll see, you know, something we can look at for 2006.
But it kind of pissed some people off that they did that, so needless to say, a lot of
listeners complain, a lot of broadcasters complain, Live 365 will be very careful about
those sorts of things in the future, so we'll see.
Anyway, so now we're here this week after two weeks of no show.
Those of you guys that are members of our live journal community, you did get a show
last week, so that's all I can say about that.
I know we have some people listening for the first time tonight because of our podcast
has still been going.
know, we did a podcast last week, even though we were slightly intoxicated, which I don't
think we really advertised on the podcast, that we were drunk when we were doing it,
or at least a little buzzed. At the beginning I think we mentioned it, but we didn't really
like, we weren't quite vocal about it as we usually are on the live show when we have
to react. Disclaimer, alcohol present. Something like that was basically the thing. But we
were quite intoxicated doing the show, but I have to hand it to us, and listening to
the playback of the show, we did a pretty good job considering how much we'd all had
to drink.
I was laying down in the chair with a beer in my hand.
You left halfway through, too.
I had to.
You guys just let Mel B talk.
He sounded pretty damn sober.
Mel B was sober!
Okay, that would be why he didn't sound that drunk.
So we did the podcast, and we have new people listening tonight because we have the podcast.
And I know a lot of folks are saying that they're actually loading up their Live 365
stream in iTunes, especially now because you know iTunes 5 is out and all that stuff.
So iTunes is very cool.
Don't get me wrong, iTunes is a great program.
I use it myself.
However, I just want to warn you guys that Orange House Radio is presented in what's
called MP3 Pro, and iTunes does not support MP3 Pro, at least unless there's something
new in iTunes 5 I wasn't aware of, but as far as I know, they still don't support MP3
because it's an actual codec that you download as a plugin for Winamp, or I think there's
a couple other programs that support it, but of course Winamp, I mean if you're not using
iTunes you're probably using Winamp, or unless you got some other thing going on, which there's
probably an MP3 codec for it. I think Media Player supports it now. Oh, Windows Media
Player? I think so. Maybe. Anyway, if you want more information on MP3 Pro, you can
visit our website, it's at orangehonestradio.com and check the FAQ. Now, I don't want to discourage
you guys from listening in iTunes because we will sound normal through iTunes except
we sound a little better with the MP3 Pro codec. It's broadband radio at a dial-up connection
because MP3 Pro does something to the header or something where it encodes...
It adds ten years of maturity. Basically, yeah. So, anyway. Although I did
download iTunes 5, it's kind of cool. The only thing I didn't understand about iTunes
5 is it really wasn't that much different from 4.9 except for they changed the store
And the look?
A little bit. But the look and feel, it's not like they change the colors or they
change the
way the buttons look or anything. They just kind of change. Well, now it's more square instead of rounded.
But I mean, it's cool and all. So is the Mac now, you know. Don't get me wrong. I like iTunes
and iTunes 5 is cool and all, I guess. And it does the Outlook sync, I guess, which is cool if
you're into using Outlook, which I don't.
Outlook sync?
It syncs your contacts on your iPod with Microsoft Outlook.
If that's something that appeals to you, you could go do that.
I use Pine.
I use Pine.
For your email?
Pine and Gmail, that's my two...
Yeah.
That's pretty hardcore.
Listeners in the chat room, blah blah blah, listening to some comments here.
Live365 needs to support AAC.
You're not the first person to suggest that,
and some folks have actually suggested that to Live365 directly.
I think that would be kind of cool because I think AAC has better encryption. You know what else has really good encryption is OGG.
And I'd like to see-
Encryption or compression?
Compression. What am I saying?
Okay.
Someone just said OGG.
Someone just said OGG. Oh, there it is. Yeah. OGG.
And there has been talk amongst, you know, are we going to stay with Li-365? Are we not going to stay with Li-365?
The problem- well, I guess I should say, Li-365 up until last week has actually been pretty damn good.
good, can't complain a whole lot. They've got nice people running it, too. Despite the
fact we've gone to their awards ceremony two years in a row and didn't win crap, we had
to pay. We had a pretty decent time. Betty's really nice, and she's like, you know, kind
of... I won crap. Oh yeah, that's right. We won the remote control a couple years ago.
And I won speakers by playing bingo. Did you actually get them? Yeah. Cool. I want to tell
you about Humongoid Box, you remember? That's right, you actually got to take the speakers
because you would come in from a long ways out of town, whereas the other folks had to
have it shipped to them.
And the speakers now hooked up to my PC, where they were probably on display at Gamestop
on Fulton and Marconi.
Right on, right on.
So anyway, Live 65 pays the licensing for songs that we play.
And although we've kind of had discussions on staff, whereas, you know, is the video
game music really, it's kind of in a gray area, you know, I don't think we really need
to pay licensing on it, we don't really know. We do play a lot of other music in our pre-show,
on Tuesday night's show, on the cage match that is ASCAP, BMI, all that stuff, licensed,
and so Life 365 pays our licensing fees for that. So we're all legit, we're legal. Believe
it or not, despite the hoards of things that Loki talks about on this program, our show
is 100% legal for you to listen to. If we leave Life 365, there is no other service
on the internet that I have found yet that offers a licensing payment service, like Life
365 does, for a decent fee. So that's kind of one reason we think we're kind of stuck.
But we've talked about, you know, going to Renegade and maybe doing another stream in
the future. It just depends how things play out with Life 365 the rest of this year. So
we will see. So we've been listening to you guys. We've thought about the switch up too,
but those are kind of the reasons why we hesitate a little bit. So anyway. And now there's a
There's a whole lot of other suggestions there in the chat room, which is kind of cool.
Let's go back to mods.
What kind of mods?
Oh, like MOD format?
Yeah.
Dude, there used to be some kickass stuff in MOD format.
You can't stream that stuff, or...
No.
That's just like...
No.
It wouldn't work.
Besides, mods are like acid.
And no one likes acid.
Alright.
start tonight's show although we've been talking a little bit here with some
housekeeping things let's do a little bit of how was your week how was your
day and since we've been gone for a little while you can talk about the
highlights of your past few weeks if you should so choose starting off with the
one and only dark Sakura who is now a blushing bride congratulations that dot
dot yeah I got married it was pretty cool yeah nothing's really different but
But uh, I was really getting married and playing with the puppies, and I played 2DX the other
day.
You were there.
I was there.
You played 2DX too.
I did.
I played 2DX, what were we playing, 7th and 8th style?
7th and 8th style.
On your ginormous fucking TV.
That you have in your living room.
It's so big it's pixelated stuff.
Yeah, it's so big that 2DX is pixelated on it.
And like we were looking at it going, gosh the quality of this is kind of junky.
But it's still 2DX in full arcade mode, widescreen on a 50-inch TV.
It was hot.
That was, like, cool.
And those red couches.
I enjoy playing 2DX on my 30-inch widescreen.
50-inch was very nice.
Yeah.
And, you know, I played, you know, it's more been a little bit of this and that.
I've just been really busy between getting married and going to school.
Haven't had too much time for much else.
And that, and I think I have sinus infection.
What shitty timing?
Oh yeah, seriously, especially since I'm, you know, busy all the time now.
And it's going to get worse, because two more classes come up in October.
And I'm going to be back to doing homework all the time.
At least I can take my puppies to work.
I go out on break and feed my puppies during my break at work.
Addict. So, you know, so I don't want them to run away.
I'm saving up for the, trying to get the
well is it five million saved up so I can buy the house at the the Japanese
style house and make it is just five thousand five thousand five millions a
little hard to come by that game I will and then I'm halfway there very cool so
yeah that's it well well yeah there's a what I'm doing a yeah I don't know if
people were listening, we got a pretty decent tune in for it, but on the first, I did the
premiere, not the first, what am I saying, the first, a few weeks ago I did the premiere
for the Blood and Scent album on Pump Up the Volume, and that had a pretty good reaction.
But I've been trying to do what I can to play some of that on my station, on my show.
Very cool.
Helping promote the indie labels.
Yep.
Because that's also part of what we do. We try to get the new and the neat out there.
But I really haven't had too much free time otherwise.
Working on it!
Alright, well I hope you get some free time pretty soon.
Oh, I also have been working on stuff for Shaft 2.
Ah, the tournament. Sacramento hosts another fabulous tournament.
Tentative date around November 17th when DDRXBox releases.
Or for some of us on staff, Sacramento hosts another fucking tournament.
Yeah, there's that, but we're working on a GameStop sponsorship right now.
Very cool. And we might have sponsorship from the Big K too, right?
So we'll see. So more details coming on that, so DER tournaments not dead yet because we're going to throw a hell of a party.
Why? Because we're the ones planning it here at Orange Lounge Radio with some help from our buddies in Sacramento.
And bowling.
Is that the big thing this year?
We're going to have a bowling tournament, too.
The first shaft was DDR and fried Twinkies.
This year will be DDR and bowling.
There was actually SCAT way back when,
which was Sacramento Cosplay and Tournament.
Which we had a 4% cosplay contest.
Yeah, 4 people dressed up.
I liked Ryan's outfit.
He was the Afro Nova dude.
Yeah.
And we got up there and did Afronova in costume, that was pretty rad.
And then there was...
Somebody was Devil Zukin, I remember that.
Yeah.
We had...
That was actually one of our...
One of the old games...
Golf Land regulars.
And then we had the Twinkie one.
We had the BeatMania contest with it too.
And this year it's going to be DDR and bowling.
Very cool.
You know right now there's a whole lot of In the Groove tournaments going on because
they're doing like a national thing for In the Groove.
I have to be honest, I haven't read up on it because I don't think they're doing one
here in Sacramento.
I think they're going to do one at Miggle for kind of like NorCal.
From what I understand, there's actually been, it's officially by, what's the point called
now?
Paradise Island?
Paradise Island.
Did they have put a stop on any In the Groove tournaments until...?
That's what we heard, something about Sacramento locally, and I wish Explicit was here because
he'd know more of the details on what's going on because he works there at Paradise Island.
Apparently what went on is that folks are using the old fishing wire trick where they
put the fish... the... not that I'm telling you how to get free credits, don't do this
or we'll come find you and beat you up... where you put the token on the fishing wire,
you have like a hole in the token, you put the token on the fishing wire, and you can
kind of drop it in and then pull it out.
And then... no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's even more than that.
You put it in there and beat on it.
And you get credit, credit, credit, credit, credit every time you beat on it.
Gotcha.
So yeah, don't do that at home, or at the arcade.
Yeah, because when you do that, then the arcades don't make money off you.
I do that at home.
You aren't in the groove.
Well, you can do that at home all you want.
We don't want to know about what you beat off at home.
Yeah.
My cabinet, duh.
Yeah.
I gotta play Miss World Nude.
Gotta, gotta, gotta.
I have the luxury of being able to map the coin button to any of the buttons on the thing.
We've got our coin thing hooked up on ours so we just, like, hit the player one button continuously because it's on freeplay.
Anyway, so don't steal credits because then the arcade operators don't make money and then they decide to get rid of their DDR machines and then you wonder why DDR is dying.
Oh, I did play something else.
What?
Arcade P.O.P.O. on the name.
There you go.
Yeah, I did play something else.
How was your week? How was your day?
to talk to other distributors and companies about their games, and he just didn't get a chance to send it yet.
But soon, he promised me he'll send it, so I have to wait for that.
And then the Tomo guy, they're the company that's behind the H-Tech products, so they're just going to send me some stuff, hopefully.
And we just, you know, EA, Microsoft, Ubisoft, just everybody.
all their lineup and everything it's fucking awesome and got to find out about
the Xbox 360 and all that fun stuff so anyways we did that I got lots of free
games which I then sold to GameStop to put towards my 360 so I now have $250
towards my 360 and then also what else oh well let's see yesterday relatives
came up and hung out with them and they barbecued for me and today I got lunch and I've been
just playing mainly a lot of Burnout 3 and then I got a, I found an ISO for Burnout Legends
so I've been playing that on my PSP because it's awesome. Just the kill time until I get
Burnout Revenge which is coming out next Wednesday and yeah, I can't wait for that. I already
I have it paid for, it's reserved, I just have to go pick it up.
Lots of fun stuff.
And yeah, that's pretty much it.
Alright.
Neil, would you care to share with us how your week and your day has been?
Well, remember we saw the Strangest Thing at Fry's yesterday, looking through the DS
games?
Yeah, what the hell, Fry's is carrying import DS games now?
Might just be the Bay Area.
But yeah, well, I think probably just that one.
Very interesting, but they're not carrying anything super special.
They had an import pool game, like billiards pool, and an import mahjong game.
That's it.
That's all we saw, at least.
At least that's all we found.
But no import copies in Nintendogs or games happening out here yet?
Yeah, because like the Game Boy Advance, there's no region coding on them.
Which is interesting that a major retailer such as Fry's, which I know is only on the west coast mostly, but...
They're sneaking out to the east.
Are they now? They're in Georgia, in Illinois, and Indiana now.
Well, Outpost.com, too, is the national site for fries, so they're carrying at least that
one store, some import DS games. Fremont, for those in the Bay Area.
What have I been playing? I've been playing, well, guess what, Burnout 3! And, yes, I'm
also looking forward to Burnout 4. I guess I'm going to go sell back FlatOut and put
that down on it, because I did not like FlatOut. Compared to Burnout, it sucked.
Diablo II, and I've been playing drinking games.
Is Diablo II still really popular on the internet?
Apparently so. The servers are still pretty damn full.
Diablo II is like ten years old.
It came out in 2000.
2005 years old. That's still a long life for a computer game.
They just put out a patch for it last month.
Wow. It's up to 1.11. Are the people still playing it?
I played Diablo 2 for like a month and I just, I suck at it.
I just keep making more characters. I'm coming up, trying to come up with more creative names
like Itchy Scratchy,
Bernie, and other
nicely descriptive ones. Deadly,
stuff like that. And as for the drinking game, it's been going around all the
breweries and picking,
getting a full sampler and seeing which of their beers really suck,
And making sliding him back and forth until somebody says I'll fuck it and just drinks it best brewery. You've been to
Said work by far said works said work. No s just said work said work
Is that now is that just because it's the local one near you that's because it's the one I can stumble to yeah
All I have to do is be able to stumble back across train tracks, and I'm sad all right
But other than that Gordon Bierch down in down in the Bay Area and Pyramid Brewery, which is kind of a national
But this week I went to BJ's, which is kind of a pizza and a brewery place.
Isn't that like a chain of restaurants?
It's a chain.
It's a national chain.
They just built one.
They've built two here in Northern California now, I think.
The one in San Jose does not have a brewery.
Okay.
There's one in Folsom.
Is there now?
Yeah.
They just built one up there.
Oh, it wasn't on their website.
And there's one in Roseville.
Yeah, I went to the one in Roseville.
Okay.
And then I went out to Lincoln to Beerman's and it was all bad.
It didn't have enough taste to be real beer.
Gotcha.
It's pretty bad. I'm turning into a beer connoisseur.
Now, last night was beer night.
Oh yeah, I did forget to mention that.
Last night was our friend wedding reception at Dave & Buster's.
So I did actually play more games last night.
Where I went through 50 ounces of beer in 10 minutes.
I went through 50 ounces of beer in several segments.
I had Guinness in a blackened van.
And so I bought that blackened van.
And played BattleTech.
You know what I found? The 8-player Daytona USA? They don't have drink holders, you can't
drink and drive.
Damn it.
It sucks. Most of the other driving games do have cup holders, so you can put down your
giant beer and drive.
You want to know what's sad about that Daytona set-up, though? I played the first one when
it was completely brand new, debuted in Vegas when I was in 11th grade, which was in 90-
A while ago.
Two. Wow. I know. No, you couldn't have been in 11th grade in 92.
I graduated in 94. Holy crap. You're older than us.
Well, I'm 29. I graduated junior high in 92, but I guess that makes sense, because I would have started in 9th grade in 92.
Hey, amazingly enough, I did too. Just for those who don't know, I've known Bugs since, like, 7th grade.
I almost said 4th grade, I don't know why. 7th grade.
into somebody at Dave & Buster's last night that I met in fifth grade, and he recognized
me.
Yeah, how do you recognize somebody from the fifth grade?
Because I shaved.
I usually am fully inflamed in beard, and happened to shave yesterday.
I don't look that different.
We went through the yearbooks at the birthday party last month, and I don't look that different.
At least I never looked like a dork.
I have a friend of mine who I just talked to last night.
Well, finish your guys' story, then I'll do my side note.
We were looking at your picture and laughing.
Shut up.
We need to scan that.
I'm sorry for interjecting again, but the other game I played was, uh, Midnight, uh,
was a Lincoln Midnight, um, Maximum Tune.
And I kicked Han's ass.
It was great.
Isn't he a really big Initial D fan, too?
Yeah.
That's quite an accomplishment.
He picked an EVO-8 with the MR, with the sixth speed transmission, and I did the MR in automatic
just because I hate having to deal with it, and I still won.
Okay, I'm done.
Sorry.
Uh, I had 6,667 coupons on my card last night at one point.
Jeez.
I only got 1,900.
I've bought very few things from the little Dave & Buster's redemption store.
And I still haven't gone through those pixie sticks.
For those of you guys who have never been to Dave & Buster's before, it's like Chuck-E-Cheese
or like an arcade with pizza type thing.
Chuck-E-Cheese and arcade, pizza, and a bar.
Yeah, but for adults.
And they kick kids out at some point, right?
Like after 10 o'clock, don't they get...
At any time, they have to be accompanied by an adult.
And they usually aren't, which...
Although oftentimes they are, that's why you're not tripping over kids all the time.
Yeah, which is nice, because you don't have little kids running around screaming so much,
and little kids in there thinking they own the place and stuff, because their parents
have to be with them.
Well, just think little kids plus big drunken people don't really mix well, because big
drunken people can punt little kids.
But it's so nice that you can be there and game with other adults.
And although it's kind of cheesy because half their games are ticket games, just like a
normal arcade, but they're so much fun.
Like they have, they had a pachinko type one, but they got rid of that.
And they got rid of the other one because it broke to the point they couldn't fix it.
Yeah, the, the golden temple one.
The one where you push all the money off, however.
Did they have the flaming finger still?
Yes, flaming finger still.
I want flaming finger jackpot, first try.
Flaming finger is this game that you control with your finger on like this giant touch
board.
The countdown speeds up the further you get up there.
Yeah, it does, it does.
You have to move your finger through the maze as fast as you can to win the jackpot.
Made by Namco.
Yeah, made by Namco.
And as a- like, uh, we were- Mikolatov was there yesterday and I was kinda hanging out
with him most of the day, and, um, he- he would say, no, don't play it, just let's listen
to the music.
Cause he likes the music.
Cause it does a pooch, like a little techno music when you're moving your finger through
it.
Also, Mikolatov made me play tons of Pump It Up yesterday.
That's like every time I was looking for Rob, it was like either by the bar or by Pump It
Up.
It doesn't make it any better.
No, it's cool.
I'm actually starting to like Pump It Up.
Damn him for making me like Pump It Up.
But between the home release, which I'll talk about after the break, the home release and
this recent arcade release, as much as I still hate Pump's interface, I'm really starting
to like Pump a lot more, which is kind of scary.
Are you really Rob?
I know.
I don't know what happened.
I think it's a pod, Rob.
Rob did show me earlier, though, and I'm not sure.
Rob did show me earlier, though, another reason why In the Groove sucks, and I thank him for
that.
All right, we were playing, Loki brought over some games tonight, or should I say, he just
brought over his PS2 hard drive, which is loaded with games.
And I'm looking at his list of games.
And you know how when you load a game onto the HD loader, for those of you guys who have
seen it, you can write in whatever the game is called.
Well, he wrote in, In the Groove, parentheses, this game sucks, because you know kids that
Loki does not like In The Groove and he makes no apologies about hating this game.
So I said, well I want to look at this, I want to see how the home version turned out.
Granted, I got to go to their premiere party in San Francisco months ago thanks to DR Freak,
but you couldn't hear the songs there and it was still, I don't think it was a finished
version.
So I wanted to see how it really looked like on my TV, on my setup.
So we checked out In The Groove and I said, Loki, did you hear about that they had censored
all these songs in In The Groove?
And Loki said, what?
So we played Torn, and that's the one that goes, you know, I'm cold and I am shamed,
lying naked on the floor.
That's how the lyrics go, but they did, I'm cold and I am shamed, lying on the floor.
What is bad about the word naked?
They censored the word naked, no, but this is the one that got me, is that there's one
in, we were playing Mouth, and I swear to God, the lyrics go, when I kiss your salty
The game went, when I kiss your lips, and I was like, what the hell is wrong with the
word salty?
Although I could be wrong, like maybe the word was sexy lips or something and I'm just
wrong in what I remember of hearing, but I'm like, what the hell is wrong with the word
salty?
This is why censorship is bad.
In the Groove is on a low sodium diet apparently, so I am now calling the In the Groove PS2
version.
the In the Groove Mormon edition.
You remember when Titanic first came out on VHS, these Mormon families were taking their
tapes in to be edited so that they could cut out Kate Winslet's boobies out of the movie
and the scene where the hand gets slammed because they're having sex and all that.
They actually would physically cut up the tape and it was a really bad editing job so
they could show this movie to their kids because Titanic was a historically important movie
or whatever.
But they cut out the boobies. That's just, that's exactly what they're doing in this game. They're cutting out the salt.
And I can imagine the lowkey that would be just the boobies.
The first time I saw that movie was off of a pirated copy from the Oscars that they gave the Oscars panel to watch, which is how I had it on VHS about six months early.
The first time I saw that movie was on HBO, and it was such a bad movie, we couldn't get up to turn it off because we had no will to live anymore.
And so we decided that we were like, somebody get up and stop it, please.
The ending's pretty cool, with the boat.
Yeah, the only reason I like this movie is because Leonardo DiCaprio died, and he died a horrible death.
You know what, you can see his thumb break off.
When she's letting go and he's falling into the water, his thumb is still attached to
the piece of driftwood.
Well that's cool.
That was really cool.
I still, as I said, I haven't seen it, and I already know how the movie's going to end,
why would I want to see it?
The boat fucking sinks!
How can you make a three hour movie about something you already know of?
Well, then there's like JFK, Nixon, uh...
Decaprio dies, the boat sinks, the old lady had the jewel the whole time. There, I just
saved you three hours of pain. You know, you can thank me via email.
The ending of The Passion of the Christ totally came at me as a surprise. I did not expect
that.
You know, I really liked the book a lot better.
Well, wasn't Passion of the Christ for the breakout in Song and Dance at the end, or
am I thinking of a Mel Brooks movie again?
I think you are.
by the way i have a dilemma
jesus christ
november
yes depeche mode concert or bill ingvall
depeche mode
all the way
all the way
i'm still debating cuz i don't like concerts bill ingvall is
not that funny to me
then again where am i from? Alabama so they actually watch blue-collar
comedy tour whatever down there i guess but
not in my house
Bill Engvall is funny funny. Have you listened to any of his stuff all the way through?
I actually had to watch one of the episodes of that show once.
Okay.
They all do a little stand-up in it.
I'm gonna bring over my friend, Julie's DVD, and you're gonna watch it with me.
That's even better.
It's Steven Lynch is releasing a new album.
Isn't he dead?
No, that's Mitch Hedberg that's dead.
What?
How do I get those two confused?
No, Steven Lynch is much alive.
Mitch Hedberg was the one that was doing crack or whatever.
I just assume all the funny comics are dead, honestly.
Comics aren't funny until they die.
Why couldn't he live to release another CD?
I mean, honestly, I loved his work and he had to go and die after the second CD.
That is such a cop-out. That's like something Gravity Kills would do.
Or Echo Image.
Or come back, we're under a new label, we're really working on that album that'll never ever come out.
weeks worth of email, but you know, I'll live. And I played a lot of Final Fantasy XI while
I was here. Loki, everybody got their Promivians done yesterday.
Son of a bitch! The mic's not on.
Fucking asshole! Son of a bitch! Okay, listen. Why the hell does everybody... Okay, how much
you want of it? Does everyone have their AF done? Because they sure as hell won't help
me with mine. No, I don't. I'm only level 53. I don't have
I only have like, I have the boots which are completely useless for a black mage and I
don't have any of my permivians done.
I don't even know why I have the chains of permothia or whatever it is, because I can't,
I don't go to any of those places.
We're all experts at those permivians now.
We can run you through them like this.
I need, I've been trying to get back in and play, it's just I have too many things I've
tried to do at the same time.
It's for the best, honestly, because I probably won't be playing much Final Fantasy 11 after
this week. I won't have time. Oh, I don't have time, but I'm buying World of Warcraft.
Well, at least one of us needs to be reporting on that game, so, fine. Because World of Warcraft
is a really big and popular game, and none of us are playing it, so. Well, at least they
actually have some really cool system or game that's within the game, you know, sort of
like a capture the flag type thing, but we have ballista. Woo, ballista! That was crap.
splits ball that's true I will take the blitz but I'll take the ballista minigame
over that fucking card game in eight yeah thank God Tetra master isn't in the
game oh no Tetra master was nine it was a different card game in eight it was
pretty much the same thing though wasn't it I never touched the card game the
card game can suck my balls I hated the card I never played it it's but you feel
like you have to or you're gonna miss out on items um I didn't feel like I had
to I didn't care about this you know that I just how I played again I got
I went halfway through the third disc before I was like, screw it, I'll let somebody else beat the game and I never touch it again.
You know what game I also got done playing a lot of? I was playing a lot of.hack because I actually went and picked up that game because I played it once, like a year and a half ago.
And I was always like, I want to get that game, I want to get that game. So I finally got it because it's like 20 bucks somewhere.
By the way, Jamie.
It's neat, I like it.
They leaked Final Fantasy VII Advent Children Japanese DVD copy onto the internet.
was just about to get into that. I know. I was just about to get into that. Haven't downloaded
it though. First off, it's today is September 11th, so you know what that means. It's Loki's
birthday today. Happy birthday, Loki. Yay. So how old are you now? 25. 25. Oh, a quarter
century old. Now how did you celebrate your birthday today? I went to Olive Garden and
had lunch, and that was it. Yummy. Well, since I was too cheap to get you a present today,
I decided to leak Final Fantasy VII Advent Children on the internet for you.
So enjoy, because I know you really wanted that.
So check it out.
Yeah, there's been a lot of people doing the same type of thing for me.
Like, for example, somebody leaked Burnout Legends on the internet, so I got to play
that and, you know, Advent Children on the internet, and what else was there that they
leaked on the internet that I downloaded?
Uh, that's some other stuff, I'm sure.
Burnout Legends was me.
Oh, well, thank you.
I appreciate it.
And yeah, I know there was one other thing that they did.
You know a DS game that everybody has been just going off about and just loving and adoring?
I need to pick this up because everybody is just wanting to make sweet love to this game
and they're doing it in the chatroom right now.
Advance Wars DS.
I've heard lots of great things about this game, but I need to pick it up at some point.
They have a site.
You can make paper Advance Wars characters.
That's cheesy, but cute.
Nintendo it's a very Nintendo thing to do well Nintendo didn't do it some guy
did no that's even worse or whatever where can they download this wasn't it
on dig calm yeah dig a link to it dig dig.com yeah how's the link to the
it's like slash dot but they you know they pat themselves on the back way too
much no and the stuff is sort of relevant and they're usually the dupes
groups get, you know, put together. You don't have to wait days for them.
Let's all profess our love for Slashdot.
I like Slashdot. It's a good sign. Anyway, uh, there's low energy in here tonight.
I don't know what it is.
No, we need diverse systems. More diverse systems.
We will do a diverse systems break later than you, I promise you. But I had to do this,
this break. First I had a request for No Doubt Get Loud because of the new iTunes commercial,
So they said I should play that song, but we'll get to that song in this break
However, there's a song that's more important that I have to get to in this break and it's for Jamie, of course
And we'll be back after this break with more Orange Launch Radio and and your calls coming up pretty soon in the show
so go to
Orange launch radio comm and click on interact with us and you can give us a call say hello and
Bahmani news because we've been talking about all sorts of other video games, but I want to talk about pump it up and other
Bamani, actual Bamani titles. So we'll be back after this. Jamie, this one's for you.
I'm being ready I'm being, I'm being, I'm being ready
I be here, I be here, I be here. I be waiting I be here, I be here.
I be here, I be here, I be waiting. I be here, I be here.
There be everybody.
Coming to Manaita's with that white speaker.
Picking up my ass beat Sepa in the backyard.
Oh my god, it's the la, la, la, la.
got a right lane, got 20 inch, got a supersonic face,
ball game, got a heavy metal ace,
a quarter inch, got a one wide speed, that's my name,
got a red
with a bummer down from my shoulder,
can't get more, you make up to me,
that's my mission till I'm in on my mission,
start my mission, oh yeah,
drop me, drop it, I be got no money,
you start taking over, don't drop my note,
you don't shut your mouth, oh God, get there,
When they see the gold
My friend coming to my neighborhood with a last price
By a peacock, she's peeking at my ass, being changty in the backyard
I'm a cuck in the life
art
So little joy, so little joy, it's complicated So little time, so little time, you're acclimated
So little hope, so little hope, and I'm paying off for love, yeah
I should've made a thousand days of change
But not so many
A thousand years and thousand days
So give me your lady
A stone in the middle of the dark
I'm raised up for love
Love
Praying for love
Love, love, love
Simply be love
Love, love
Simply be love, love, love
Simply be love, love, love
Simply being in love
It's more than enough
Simply being in love
Simply being in love
Simply being in love
Simply being in love
It's more than enough, simply be loved
It's more than enough, simply be loved
It's more than enough, yeah
What are you trying to rid you of anything?
You're just a ghost and it seems
Just as you're leaving we're hiding
Are you a boss?
Are you somebody?
Are you leaving anything?
Are you a family?
Don't know
I'm just a man who's gonna leave this place
One day I'll be alive
You don't have to believe in a heart of a tale
But it's all solid by your feet
Still wanted to lose on you at first
But it's getting older
Don't you say anything
Look in the mirror
Hiding away the past
You are my love
I believe in anything
You say I'm free
Come on
Come with me
Don't leave me there
Come on
Come on
Come on
Come on
We're going to do an extra song this break, this one's a special dedication.
The End
The End
The
It would be a much better sight with you with me
If you hadn't met me, I'd be fine on my own, baby
Never felt so lonely then you came along
So now what should I do? I'm strung out, addicted to you
My body ached, now that you've gone My supply fell through
And they gave me everything you had and more
You craved my happiness When you made me feel a toy and made you smile
But now I feel your stress Love was never meant to be such a crazy affair, no
And who has time but you?
Never thought I'd sit around and ramble your love
Thank you guys so much for tuning in and joining us tonight.
I notice we have a lot more listeners than we usually do tonight.
don't know what the heck's going on if we just are getting more people because
of our podcast or if because I actually talked about it in the live journal
community or people are just going through withdrawals because we weren't
here for two weeks or just a combination of all the above which I'm thinking is
partly that but regardless thanks for tuning in and wasting your Sunday night
with us we appreciate it and we're just here talking about what's on our mind
pop culture things DDR baumannii related things as they come up and what have you
I want to talk about Nintendo. Nintendo pisses me off. Now don't get me wrong, I'm a total
Nintendo fanboy, but ever since I bought a widescreen TV, I've come to loathe Nintendo
for their lack of support for widescreen and HD formats. You may have heard that story
a while back where Nintendo said that they're not going to be supporting HDTV with their
revolution. Well, that's, I don't know why they're doing that in my opinion. Especially
as HDTVs become more and more the standard. I realize right now not a lot of people have
HDTVs, but if you go shopping for a new TV, they're starting to get priced pretty competitively.
You know, the TV I picked up was $600, which granted is quite a bit of money, but not that
much more money than what you'd pay for a normal TV of the same size, probably about
$200 more. So I think as the technology, you know, gets older and older and we start getting
into Christmas, I think HDTVs are really going to start taking over. And Nintendo has this
absolute lack of support for
HDTVs and widescreen. And I kind of realized that as I was trying to find a
component cable for my Nintendo GameCube because as you know
Loki got me a copy of Hello Kitty Roller Rescue a while back
and Dark Sakura actually bought me Super Smash Brothers Melee for my
birthday
except due to various reasons I just got it this week but that's alright.
So I wanted to check that out and play it and I didn't really have cables, I only have
the standard cables but no components to be found anywhere.
So I'm looking on Nintendo's website, get this, they discontinued production of the
component cables like years ago.
Well maybe not that long ago, like a year ago or two years ago.
They discontinued production of the component cables and get this, your GameCube has to
have a special port on the back that says digital in and out for you to even be able
to use this component cable if you could find one. The new Gamecubes they made after mid-2004
don't have this. They took a feature away from the new Gamecubes. They took this digital
out port away. And their reason why? They said less than 1% of our users were using
it. And I'm thinking, well okay, because the Gamecube is kind of the kiddie system, right?
The Gamecube is the thing that the kid has in their bedroom so that they can play Pokemon
or whatever, right? But the GameCube can also function as a pretty decent gaming system
for the rest of us hardcore gamers, right? Like, for instance, Resident Evil 4, F-Zero,
Smash Brothers Melee, although it's kind of, you know, kitty-like in its artwork, it's
a great freaking game. It's one of my favorite games they put out on GameCube. No support
for HD because they say less than 1% are using the HD feature as it is. I don't understand.
And how much was it just to put that little extra port on the back?
I guess maybe this is one of the cost, maybe this is a way that they made the GameCube
cost only $80 was by taking this future out, but that's cheap.
You know that that cable that they do use, the S video and the regular video, that cable
they do use is the same cable they've been using ever since the Super Nintendo.
No, the Famicom had it.
Did the Famicom have it too?
Yeah, the Japanese.
The regular...
Bugs trying to say something about the Famicom had it, too.
Yeah, the Japanese Famicom has it, too.
Oh, I didn't realize that. See, now the Nintendo America just had red and yellow wires.
Right, because that's all we had at the time. We didn't have any sort of connectors to really do it with.
So that cable...
Well, I guess that's kind of nice that you can take your Super Nintendo cable and use it on your Nintendo 64 and your GameCube.
It hasn't changed in the last 15 years.
So, I don't know. I'm a little disappointed at Nintendo's lack of support.
And some of the games on GameCube actually support widescreen TVs. I played F-Zero on widescreen.
It was sexy as hell, but blurry. Blurry because S-video is as high as it goes. Sadness.
And, you know, it sucks too. It's really limiting themselves because they were only, you know, wanting to put out, you know,
family games because this whole, you know, they didn't really want to touch on the whole, you know,
curated games and stuff back when Mortal Kombat was out there. It's like, oh, we're just gonna
pad out normal games, you know, and make this more kid-friendly system, because that's what
people were looking for. And now they've kind of missed the bus. And now, you know, this
whole, well, there's not gonna be, you know, that many broadband TVs and stuff. No one
owns them right now. Well, yeah, but people are gonna be buying them, you know, in the
future. So what are you gonna do with your game system then?
I just, I'm having a hard time believing that they're, they're, they're, it seems like they're
trying to put out a system that will support what the market wants right now, but no system
ever really takes off at launch, except for maybe, I don't know, Super Nintendo maybe
did, but PlayStation even took a while to get big. Final Fantasy VII, I'm going to just
say this, it might piss some people off, I think Final Fantasy VII is when the PlayStation
really started picking up. When Square announced that they were going to jump ship and go over
and start making games for PlayStation, that's when the PlayStation really started selling
we saw a lot more games for it. That, in addition to things like Spyro, Crash Bandicoot.
But I think that was really, like, the turning point.
Even PlayStation 2, their launch titles weren't
humongous. Fantavision?
So no system ever really takes off in Fantavision. And Xbox launch?
Don't make me laugh. And I think one of the only reasons
PlayStation 2 had such a huge launch, which was probably one of the bigger ones in recent memory,
which still wasn't, it's not like they were...
I think it was riding on the success of the PlayStation.
Well that, that, the fact that it would play the old PlayStation games, and that it was a DVD player.
People were buying PlayStation 2s as DVD players.
That was actually really true in Japan.
But one thing about, though, the DVD player on the PS2 is that it's a piece of crap,
and using it as your primary DVD player will shorten the life of the system.
I don't believe that one bit. That is true.
I used mine as my primary DVD player, never had a problem.
You are in the minority then.
I've heard of the problems, but I've yet to see it.
Dan has told me that just about every return within the first few years of the PS2's release
were for, basically, they were sliding off the track, it was everything related.
Everyone who brought theirs back was because they were using it as a primary DVD player.
I've used both my PlayStation 2 and my Xbox as DVD players.
I'll tell you right now, the Xbox is a better DVD player, hands down.
Oh yeah, because it's a more intelligently built system.
Better be if you got to pay $20 extra to use it.
Yeah, that too.
The fact, oh, that, oh.
Microsoft could blow me for that.
The Xbox itself, though, is a more intelligently constructed piece of equipment.
In a way, in a way.
It's made of better parts, it's a more stable system, you know, I bet if you drop a PS2
and an Xbox, less of the Xbox will break.
Maybe.
I love, because it's so damn heavy.
Microsoft is awesome because they're like, oh yeah, well this time around you don't have to pay extra to get your wonderful DVD remote. You can watch DVDs right out of the box. And everyone's like, oh yeah, but you've got to buy your hard drive.
It's not connected to me in IRC.
There's just too many people in IRC, it's me.
It's not connected to Rojo.
No route to host.
Alright. Alright. Moving on. What was I going to talk about here? A little follow-up to
something we were talking about earlier in the program. Talking about those In the Groove
tournaments that are going on around the nation. I said that Milpitas is going to be having
one I think. Well, go figure. The person who's actually helping to put on this tournament
actually listening tonight and gave me a link to more information on the In The
Groove tournament that's going to go on at Milpitas Golf Land. So for those of you
guys that happen to be in Northern California, September 24th 2005 is the
date of the tournament, 11 a.m. for registration. Ten bucks will get you in
the tournaments. Ten dollars flat, there's no pre-reg fees, nothing. This is a
straight-up perfect attack, expert only. You can find more complete rules over on
DDR Freak and their tournament forums. But since it's in the Groove Expert tournament
and I'm too old and too fat, yeah, I will not be entering this tournament. But I might
go just have fun. Just to see people. But we'll see. So check that out. Loki, I will
not be attending this tournament. You wouldn't go just to socialize with people? No. Just
curious the only thing I would want a boxer for in the first place is to have
a good system to run step mania on that's really all I wanted for food makes
food makes the arcade game much better use of the boxer than in the group
anyway anyway you can find more information on a in the group tournament
happening near you on in the groove calm tell they're doing this big national
Tell them, Red Octane, or not even Red Octane, Roxer. Get ahold of those guys in Japan, they're making good music.
I'm telling you, you could put them together. Some good stuff there.
I mean, at least it'll make the game a little bit better. But, you know, whatever.
To each his own, if you want to play it, it's fine. I don't care.
I can't believe there's people out there that played the Mad Cats one, so I mean, it's gotta be the MC Grooves dance craze.
I know, it's horrible. You know what Mad Cats helped put out recently, though, that's actually pretty damn good? Pump It Up.
Pump It Up Exceed, home version, kicks ass. I was very surprised, but it kicks a lot of ass.
Despite the fact that I still hate the interface, I can't stand the way you go around and you pick your songs, it's better than it used to be.
to be. It's about as good as that Pump It Up system is going to get, the home version.
And there's a whole assload of songs in this game. They kind of split up the songs into
three channels. You have your Banya channel, and Banya is kind of like the Naoki of Pump
It Up. You know, it does a lot of these, just a variety of different types of songs.
So is it like 97 songs in the Banya channel and 4 in the other one?
I know it's actually pretty evenly spaced out. I'll give it to them for that. It's about
30 songs a piece. You've got the K-pop station, which is pretty rad. They've got a lot of
songs under K-pop, including some songs you might recognize from DDR, such as Staryan.
What's the other one? Caution is the other one. There's a Korean version of Venus. I
don't think Face is in the home version. I think it was in the arcade somewhere, but
It also has a Korean version of Venus, which is kind of cool.
And then there's a pop channel, which mixes some songs that have been in arcade versions
of Pump It Up previously, like Booby Law.
I can't remember the name of the song, I just know it's the Booby song because it's the
video that has just the chick with the boobs.
So Come Make It Round and Kiss Me as in Exceed 2.
So there's a couple songs in the arcade, and then some interesting American exclusives.
Crystal Method is in there, and Elvis has a song in there.
That one Australian band with the crazy video.
I can't remember the name of the song.
The song is like, forget it, forget it.
So I was a little bit apprehensive to play Pump It Up
the first time, because I was kind of like,
I don't like Pump It Up in the arcade.
But I've just played old versions of Pump It Up,
I guess, because this interface is better than the old ones.
It's not as slow.
it's a lot faster moving. And there's just a shitload of songs, which is pretty neat.
Pump It Up takes some getting used to, though. You can't just go from DDR to Pump It Up,
because even though it seems like, oh, well, they just tilted it 45 degrees and put a center
button, yeah, but you have to read the arrows a whole different way. It's just a different
way of reading them with the colors and everything. So it's a little bit of a challenge at first.
And there are some crazy-ass step patterns that shame in the groove step patterns, even,
reasons of difficulty, if that's what you're into. But I think that kind of stuff is retarded,
so I don't play that. So I didn't really, just, you know, my friend made me look at
a few of the really, really tough step charts and I just kind of went stupid and went back
to playing the more fun steps. So I actually really enjoy Pumping Up Exceed. I recommend
it. If you guys are into the dance games, pick this up. This will hold you over until
the DDR releases. Now granted, the downside is that you have to get a whole new pad with
this so the bundles gonna cost you about 60 bucks but the soft pad that comes
with it is actually pretty darn nice it's it's a better quality than those
konami soft pads they put out so pretty nice I enjoyed it what else is going on
in the momani world right now besides me playing pump it up dance dance
revolution strike yes right dance dance revolution strike was announced dance
Dance Dance Revolution Strike is going to be, assumably now, Japan's version of EX2.
Basically, EX2.
It tells the story of a union dancer that decided that he's not going to take it anymore
and decided to strike.
It's a very strange name, isn't it, for the game.
But whatever.
Dance Dance Revolution Strike, the eye being an exclamation point, will be shown at the
Tokyo Game Show 2005, so they say.
A couple days.
it a couple days away. It's supposed to have that same interface as Extreme 2 and
Dancing Stage Max, of course, overseas in Europe. The website for the game also had
a special little page set up talking about the new Naoki song called Passion
of Love. I almost thought it was Passion in Love. Passion of Love, Naoki featuring
Politary. So you might remember the rumors a while back that Politary was in
studio recording something for Naoki. This is what it is, and it's going to be
featured in Dance Dance Revolution Strike. No word yet as to, no word yet as to whether
it's going to be inside EX2 or the European version of Dance of the Sage Max as of yet.
So we'll see. Sure it will be. Well yeah, I'm pretty sure it will be too, but nothing's,
nothing said one way or the other yet. We don't know when this game will actually be
coming out, but end of year, early next? 2006. 2006? Spring. 2006 it is, then. All right.
We're going to go to a break. When we come back from this break, did your download finish?
Almost? Try me back at about 8.30. Trying a little while? 8.30. All right. Ish. We'll
do that. Stupid slow FTP. In this break, Loki wanted me to play something from the disc
he brought last week. Yes! Finally! Finally! We picked up the new Diverse System albums,
D7, all three CDs of that, D8, and also Dear Mr. Taka, plus some other special stuff like
Like the Chorus K album and the good cool Ultra Expander CD, which has the most kickass
remix to absolute, which you might have heard if you downloaded our non-show last week.
And lots of good stuff.
My personal favorite for D7, and I was waiting ever since I heard the little teaser for it,
was the Trip Machine Dark Core mix.
Awesome.
There's a remix of Ecstasy on there, which is really cool.
And a few other things.
There's a remix of Love Love Shine, which is interesting.
Okay, so what am I going to play here?
Okay!
I think we should play the Trip Machine Dark Core Mix.
Where's that?
That's a D7.
Oh, you have the wrong CD.
Oh, dammit.
Uh oh.
This is the one, isn't it?
The Dear Mr. Talk and all that stuff?
Nah, but this is my other one.
There's a second CD.
What's that on your thing over there?
Is this it?
No.
No, it's blank.
Oh, crap.
Oh!
I have it around somewhere.
I'll keep looking for it.
Is there something on that CD?
Yeah, well, fine.
Let's see what's on here.
Um, okay, actually, it might have been in a case for you.
I think I put it in a case.
Or something.
No.
No, that's not it.
Um, so anyways, we've got some stuff on here. Um, the verse system stuff, um, we have Dear
Mr. Taka, which is cool. Um, actually, um, let's play something from Good Cool Ultra
Expander. And, um, let's try, let's play, um, the Absolute Ultimate Remix again, because
that's good.
Alright, we're gonna play the Absolute Ultimate Remix, and it definitely lives up to its name, and...
This is pretty cool. We heard a little bit of this last week, so...
We will try to find the other CD in the meantime.
Alright, we will.
We'll be back after this with more Orange Launch Radio and your phone calls.
Lost down there for a minute. Oh, we will get to your phone calls this next break, we promise.
Click on interact with us. So here it is, good cool with DJ Taka, absolute the ultimate mix.
ninh Ly – www.ninh.co.uk – www.ninh.co.uk
Alright, we found the other CDs, so we're gonna actually play one of the songs from
to verse 7 for you guys. And this is the one that Loki was hyping up here. It's the Trip
Machine Dark Core Mix. And we're going to play that and then we're going to come back
with more Orange Lawns Radio. Enjoy this one you guys. Who's the artist on this? I don't
Just a verse system. Alright, here we go.
Oh
Oh
Oh
So that was some music from the new Diverse Systems 7 album.
as new as Diverse Systems 8 though which is also out. Yeah. So look for those. And Diverse
9 which is coming. Coming very soon. Yeah. Alrighty. Very cool. And some people said
they couldn't hear the trip machine. Yes. Our chat room was kind of going that's trip
machine. I heard trip machine. I don't see how you couldn't. I've heard it. Yeah. The
synth lines are the same. The synth lines are the same but where's my mommy can you
sing trip machine? Where was that? Where was that? The trip machine is like drum and bass
and this is like Dark Horse, so it's a little different. I liked it. I thought it was cool,
but... It was okay. It was okay. I think this is the only way to possibly light trip machines.
There is an interesting... The double versions are horrible. There's a blues version of,
or like, kind of like a jazzy blues type version of, I want to say, oh god, not Make Your Move,
but like um... one of the older ones
now put your faith in me uh...
keep on moving
that's on one of them too, we'll have to play that later, it's kind of funny
but then they also have the long version of uh...
made in innocent which was in uh... food mix 2
or food mix
plus i want to say
yeah, food mix plus
What we're going to do now, boys and girls, is we're going
to head on over to the wide, wonderful world of Skype,
which is the way that you can talk to us by giving us a
call, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on Interact With Us for all the details you need on
how you can call us via the Skype line.
If you are already a Skype user, then you probably know
how to use this program.
All you've got to do is call username OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who would have thought that our name would be
OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word there on Skype?
So weird.
I know, we got really creative.
We'll always sit there and wait for somebody to call us, because there's not a whole lot of people logged into Skype, so I don't know if we'll even get anything here.
I do want to make sure this gets a mention here. This was something that happened while we were gone.
Guitar Freaks and Drummania V2, on their way out.
They do have a website opened up. We link to it from our website over at orangelandtrader.com, but it's konami.jp slash am slash location test, because this is something that's currently location testing.
Guitar Freaks, Drummania, V2. And of course, the reason why Guitar Freaks and Drummania is now V is because they did a little bit of a hardware upgrade on the stuff there when they upgraded, or when they put out V. They did a little bit of a hardware upgrade, so now they have the full videos and everything, and the game's just a little bit prettier. So that's something to be looking forward to. Let's take a call. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey Sky, Siggy here. Hello Siggy, how are you?
I'm just doing fine after three weeks of being in San Francisco.
What?
It's been a long while.
You were practically next door. What was going on in San Francisco?
No, I just made, you know, my final visit to the city because my father just moved back here in Vegas.
Oh, I got you. Okay, so you had family living in San Francisco.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I got you. We should have said something. We could have all met up and played some 2DX.
You could have whooped my ass or something. I don't know.
I just got some GITADORA news for you.
Okay, what's going on there? We just talked about Guitar Freaks and Drummania V2 a little bit.
I got some song lists here that are official.
And most songs are in Kanji, so I'll say it on the air.
Well, I'll just link first the, you know, I'll just put the links on the chatroom,
and then I'll mention them, the songs that are in Kanji characters.
okay here we go okay now for the hmm what oh here we go the artist is Terra
and the song title is glide and then there's a self-titled artist called JJ
Road, and then there's Singing Well by Hairui61, and then there's Tomorrow by The Local Art.
Now for the Japanese song titles for the Japanese artists, here's Aino Tamini, which translates
For Love by Ueto Aya, and then there's Shanghai Honey by Orange Range, and then there's Tsubasa,
which means wings by undergraft
and then there's natsunotobira
which means dwarf summer by matsuda seiko
and then there's minamikaze or nambu by remio roman
you know what i've never heard of any of these people before besides tera
are these all new artists in the
guitar recently?
the one that they have right now is just covers
okay okay okay so it's like cover cover songs okay okay I got you and then this
one's an original called a Mirai no Chizu which means map of the shooter by
me which is about MI of course and then the original Rakuten no Tenchi which
means paradise angels by Koesuka Yoshishiko and then there's a rewrite
which is a cover by Asian kung-fu generation okay I think they've been in
in a previous incarnation of some Bomani game.
Sounds familiar to me. Anyway, I don't know. Okay.
And then for the long versions. Alright, long versions.
Hoshino Kakeru, which means star fragments by Yum Yum Orange.
Okay. And then there's Mahono Tart,
which means magical tart by Twinkle Berry.
Twinkle Berry? Yeah. I like Dingle Berry.
Twinkleberry sounds cute.
Twinkleberry sounds stupid. Alright, sorry. Anyway, don't knock it till you've heard it.
Anyway, um, the extra stages, uh, here's the Hello You by Furukawa Motoki.
Wow, okay.
And then the other song is Take My Hand by Maria Eva with Dreams Wing Kingdom.
I remember back when I first started playing Guitar Freaks, you only got one song to pick from from Extra Stage, and you liked it.
Sorry.
And then the comeback song is Kachaka by Maki Deyaya.
Yay, Kachaka, I like that song.
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba. I like that song.
Now for the other news.
I'm going to play Kachaka later in the show in celebration. Sorry.
And then this was like back ago when Asaki's album was released. I will mention to you the songs for his first album called Shinkyoku, which means The Divine Comedy, which is a poem by Dante.
Oh, yeah, I know that one. Okay. So they turned it into a song?
Yeah.
Okay, cool. Okay.
okay
uh... the first one is a sanity which means uh... chrysalis
and then the second time is uh... a new news article dot what are you which
means a firefly in
and then the third song is up from popping music uh...
about the popping music ten which is actually i was a little without
which means uh...
happiness uh... cabinet expressed in poetry
and then uh... some of the board is uh... political not to know what you
Which means seven congratulations from guitar fixdramania
And then a new song called you kono otou
Which means a sound of con-illocence
And then there's ge kou-chou
Which means moonlight butterfly from guitar fixdramania
And then there's akai-su-su
Which means red bells also from guitar fixdramania
And then song number eight is shizuku
Which means drop of water from popinmusic12 iroha
And then the self-titled single Shin-kyoku
Which means the divine comedy
And then the final song is Azumi no Hiyo Dorito, which means Azumi and her Volvo, which is a new song.
For those of you who don't know what a Volvo is, a Volvo is a Persian songbird.
Oh god, at first I thought you said her Volvo, and I'm like, oh, she's driving along in her Volvo.
That's kind of weird that she's driving a Swedish car.
It's spelled B-U-L-B-U-L.
Okay, got it, okay.
I don't have anything on there.
All right.
Well, that is very cool.
So, some stuff to look forward to there.
Any idea when this is going to be official as out of the location test?
Well, the location test for Guitar Fix Romania V2, I'm not certain.
They were doing the location test right now, as of now.
So, usually what? The location test goes on for about a month, and then they go back for a month or two, and then the game comes out usually, right?
Oh, I forgot to mention, about Tokyo Game Show, I checked on their website, and they
just recently announced popinmusic throughout Edelhofer on Playstation 2.
Big surprise, not.
I mean, honestly, popinmusic's been constantly coming out for the Playstation 2, so that's
no surprise at all, but that's good for the popinmusic fans, of course.
Good news.
All right.
Sounds cool.
Well, now, Tokyo Game Show's happening this week, right?
Or is it next week?
This Thursday.
Awesome. So you gotta go, since I can't read the Japanese, you gotta go on some of those sites and look at the news and come back and let us know.
No one else is good.
What?
Revolution news, they're gonna show the controller and everything in Mario 128.
So we're gonna get a lot of news this week from Tokyo Game Show.
Oh yeah, that'd be exciting.
Alright. Alright.
Yeah, and one more thing.
Uh, it's not KeKak, it's KeChak.
KeChak.
I like KeKak.
No, you have to go to Indonesia. Believe me, it's Kecak.
I don't doubt that the pronunciation I'm doing is horribly wrong, but, you know, I like Kecak.
Alright, Kecak. I said it once correctly, just for you. Alright.
Yeah, and, you know, just after I go off, just announce to them about a tent-style CS.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I really, you know, I really pre-ordered mine.
When's the street date for that? Isn't that October?
November 17th.
November 17th.
Yeah.
So don't you remember last year in November was like a huge month for Bomani?
Because we got like UltraMix 2, 8 style, and Pop'n Music like 10 I think it was?
All in like the same day.
And remember, as I mentioned on the non-show, that the new DDRs and the new Carrique Revolutions are gonna have demos for each different version.
That's out there now.
One of the news sites published that in their review, so that's out there now where everybody knows that you can play demos, one and the other.
And I still envy those people at Rhode Island right now, because they have Happy Sky!
I heard! You know, I was talking to Miklotov over the weekend, and he said that he damn near got on a plane to go out there to play it, and I was like, you're crazy!
Well, if you've got your simulators out there, I have all the key-sounded BMS files for Happy Sky.
I guess if you want a cheap knockoff, there's a way to do it.
Or if you like the remix stuff.
Well, that's true too. Remix with the key sounds is good.
That's cool.
Well, are you going to be taking a trip out to Rhode Island anytime soon then?
No thanks. I'd rather not.
That's what I figured.
In Rhode Island?
Well, there's Happy Sky.
Lobster.
All right. Anything else you wanted to share with us tonight, Ziggy?
Not much else. I'll just let you know what news are going to come out.
Sounds good.
Tokyo Game Show
My timer didn't show up there for a minute there.
DarkSakura is not a fella.
Hey honey, what's up?
How you doing? What's on your mind?
Not much. I got some information here.
First things first, I don't know if you guys noticed, but
it seems that Katamari Damacy 2 or We Love Katamari came out early.
It came out early?
Nope.
Okay, the guy who works for the game distributor says no.
Well, um, I have a link here to somebody who went to Target and bought it today.
Nope. Target broke street.
Yeah, they just...
That's exactly what I said when I found it earlier.
It doesn't come out until the 21st. It got pushed back because they weren't done with it yet. It hasn't even been pressed yet.
Wait, but how do they go to Target and get a copy then?
I don't know if I know.
Interesting.
They really did a really shitty job of making new box art for it.
Yeah, the cover art shit.
So OK, give me this link.
I want to look at it.
Right there.
All right, let's see.
Let's see what this is all about right here.
OK, so this link got posted in our chat room, www.orangelaungeradio.com.
Orangelaungeradio.com slash chat, or I'm sorry, click on the link that says
chat.
And here it is.
Somebody posted, go to Target now.
They've got their little target bag with the receipt and the little game. We heart katamari
Sony software
$29.99
Interesting, I don't know whatever so they broke street date. Well, they don't really have street dates for games
It's like kind of whenever they get them, but they're direct with the law
Hello to people with different beg to differ with you
Well some date some companies to street dated games, but this one's not supposed to come out until the 21st
that's the last info we got on it and
And that's straight from Namco. I mean, that's Namco people telling me, so...
That's very weird.
Yeah, that's understandable.
But, you know, street dates...
I'm heading up Target.com to see if it was just that store.
Street dates change all the time, and stuff gets sent out, you know, it'll go gold, you know.
Something will be pushed back, and then it'll come out that day, you know.
It's just, like, it's weird shit.
Like, for example, Graffiti Kingdom.
The company sent out press releases.
Oh, yeah, we shipped everything.
It didn't come out for two weeks later, you know, so it's hard to say.
Where's that dude live? Do we know?
I don't know. I just found the link early too when I was at my friend's dorm. We were playing video games.
Let's find out which Target that is.
Okay. Just to say something about on the Target website.
It says this item will be released on September 22nd and you can pre-order it.
Interesting.
So it's just this one story. In Indianapolis, Indiana it looks like is where this person says they live.
So, if you are living in the Indianapolis area, start calling those targets and see
if you can't get your cams on the game because somehow they got a copy of it.
Or it's a really cleverly done Photoshop, but I don't know why this guy would Photoshop
it.
No, it could also be like for some whatever reason they got a promo copy and the dumb
asses put it out the cell and that was like the only copy that they had.
Oh, I see.
But you never know.
I mean, stupid things like that happen.
I noticed that on the receipt here, it says the Sony software, the actual name of the game isn't there, like it's a generic code in there or something.
But does it have what the disc number is? You know how each disc has an ID number on it?
Yeah, it had a little number on it, I think.
What's the number then?
Hey, there's a number there.
Hold on, hold on, let me check.
Ah, what a time for my mouse to be dying.
If I understand, somebody in California bought it.
That doesn't matter anyways, I have the Japanese version, I mean, what do I care?
I was just going to say, I was going to look up here, see if it matches, we live Katamari.
Well, that's very interesting if it did come out a little early.
Some folks should just consider themselves lucky and maybe the game will be making its
way, but as far as we know, no official word from Namco or any gaming site for that matter
that the game has come out early. And I would think if the game shipped early, Namco would
be shouting it from the mountaintops and all the gaming sites would pick that up because
everybody has a boner for Katamari Damacy.
Perfect example. Look at Shane. He got someone returned to pump it up to one of the stores
and he bought it used. And this was before the game even came out. I mean, so, stuff
like this happens. I mean, people will buy something or get something for free from,
You know, they're a distributor or a vendor or whatever and they'll return it back to
a store and then sell it.
Or in this case, they might get a promo copy early, because I've had, you know, a few copies
of stuff early before it's treated and, you know, someone goes and sells it or mistakenly
puts it out on the shelf, you never know.
Or whatever the company is, if they're shipping it in one day, you know.
Because I remember the same thing happened last year with the PS2 minis.
I mean, I found out that Target put it out three weeks early,
and then a week later, Best Buy, we put it out the following week.
Interesting.
Hey, chat room's bringing up an interesting point.
Did you say your friend got this in California?
Yeah, that's what the receipt says.
Very interesting, but your friend's user info says he lives in, oh,
maybe he didn't buy this, but he found this picture somewhere.
That could be it.
You can see on here, it says Mission Viejo.
Mission Viejo is right there on the, that's
the city in Southern California or San Diego San Diego area so if you in the
San Diego area it's Mission Viejo look you can even call the target should we
call the target and ask if it's in stock I I should do that so much link that to
me in at all we could call them right here on Skype out I want to call them
are they open okay you know what you know what I want to try calling them
can we okay we're gonna call this target and see if they have we hot
heart katamarian stock okay so we gotta let you go in order to do this okay
all right all right call you back later with some other stuff so later all right later bye
we're crazy okay you guys don't talk just let me do the talking all right
switch off the microphone all right here we go
i hope to god this is the right number and i don't get some freaking
i don't know we'll see either either way my caller id is blocked so that's what's
important right we're now calling a target store printed
on the receipt. Mission Viejo, California, see if they have Weheart, Katamari, and stuff.
Damn it, I just picked up another call. Zachary, you gotta call us back in a little bit, okay?
All right. All right, later. All right. I'm still new to Skype. Okay, here we go.
calling calling calling, oh here we go
three ringy dingys
Poor ringy dingies.
Nobody's home at Target.
Apparently, yeah, they're too busy selling advanced copies of We Heart Katamari.
Live radio, ladies and gentlemen.
Someone let Target know their phone's off the hook.
One more ring and then we're hanging up.
Very interesting. Not only that, but bad customer service.
Maybe they're closed. They could close at eight on Sunday, I guess.
No. Interesting.
Oh fuck, they're onto us.
Alright, we called. No answer.
What can we do?
So we'll see what happens.
Now the chat room is.
I'm looking through this one thread that was
linked in the chat room.
Are they saying the same thing?
Someone actually had a very good challenge for the guy.
He said, post a copy of the, well, he put up a picture of
the disk in the manual.
One second.
Interesting.
Well, let's see what happens.
All right, we're going to go to another call real quick
here, since our brilliant live radio experiment didn't work
out very well. Yeah, because really you could, I don't know. Hi, you're on Orange Launch
Radio. Yeah, you already know who this is. Hi, Saku, you know Target's closed, actually.
Yeah. I just wanted to share with you, Target's closed. Yeah, you're seven, you're about almost
20 minutes, you were like 20 minutes late right there. Well. Had you known this like,
maybe, you know, 20 minutes earlier, or probably 30 minutes earlier, you probably would've
Ron Chan, frickin' earlier next time. Be on time next time. No, I'm kidding, it's fine.
What's on your mind, Zaku?
Nah, just calling back. I'm in school right now. Moved back on campus a couple of weeks ago.
Congratulations.
Yeah, and I still miss playing in the groove in the city. I miss that because I'm like 30 miles upstate from the city,
So we don't even have In the Groove up here, I mean we used to have, but you know, if I'm
going to get my fix I have to go back into the city and all.
Well one of these days I'm going to go down into Sacramento and play In the Groove 2 that
we have here, but I'm just lazy.
What city is this so we can completely avoid it?
New York.
What city?
City of New York.
City City, New York?
Yeah, the city of New York.
I thought they had an In the Groove Chinatown.
Yes, not only that, but in Coney Island, Queens, Staten Island, I mean, it's starting to spread like cancer.
Interesting analogy!
That's a lovely thought.
That and just missing playing 2DX11 Red, I just need that fixed.
So it's kind of spreading like New Jersey?
No, it's just spreading like your mama's legs! Oh, burn!
Nah, New Jersey's just the smell. I was in Philly.
yeah anyway what else is on your mind besides lack of the money
not just you know all that you should they just came out
well the new info whatever you know I'm not gonna be able to make it to digital
life
I want to come sucks I tried to schedule my boss but she'd schedule me for a
full week class right there so I'm not gonna be able to do it mom but I hope you
guys have fun I tried I will I will definitely come next year
I know man we'll just hope it still happens next year
I hope so, too. Well, we need somebody on the inside taking some pictures and sending them to us, so take some pictures over there.
I wish I had a digital camera.
Are you practicing for your freestyle?
Uh, I don't know about that. I need a job first.
Oh.
I'm still unemployed.
Oh.
Get your resume on Monster.
Hey, join the club!
Nine months now.
Get your resume on Monster.
And Craigslist.
Dude, I've tried that already.
When you've been trying to find work for the past nine months, you kind of realize that there's probably no light at the end of the tunnel.
And to make it worse, I don't even get work study this year.
You know what? Apply at Target because you'll never have to work past eight on a Sunday.
You'll always be home in time for Orange Line.
I just hope so. I hope they don't make me work on, I don't know about making me work on weekends. I hope I can find a job that revolves around my schedule.
Well, there are some employers out there that will work with you if you're in school. It's possible to find, but you know, you are going to have to kind of look at the bottom.
And a lot of schools also have temporary services where you can actually work on campus around your own hours.
I've already exhausted those means of working on campus. They've already filled, I mean the jobs have already filled up.
and people want work-study, you know, in order to be tired.
Stop, stop.
Yeah, it's really bad for me because I probably waited like almost a week to
even be, you know, to even
you know, find out that I didn't have work-study, so
as I said, I'm up a shit's creek right now. I'm just hoping I get some
jobs that I applied to
and we'll see what happens from there. Well, good luck to you.
I hope that, you know, you find something. Just check with the big, big companies, like,
you know, the Targets, the Walmarts, the Toys R Us's, and whatever, so.
Alright, well, have a good one, Zaku, and good luck on the job hunt, and hope you find
those Bonwani games, okay? Alright, later, bye.
Okay, now, on the chat room, it sounds like that they actually looked up this Target,
and the damn store is open. So is there only one target in Mission Viejo, or is there more
than one target? See, maybe there's more than one target in the town, so the one you guys
are looking at might not be the right one. But Mission Viejo is not that big, is it?
I don't think it is. Don't know.
On that one thread, by the way, someone said they worked at Target and got a shipment of
it in, so went ahead and bought us a game. Really?
They said they got very few copies in. Interesting. Okay, well, here's the correct
Maybe, did we mis-dial their number? Let me look at what we dialed last time.
949, oh, we totally dialed the wrong number last time. Well, let's try it again.
Okay, now we've got the right target number. Thank you,
chat room.
Thank you for calling the Mission Viejo Target Store. Our normal
store business hours are Monday through Saturday,
8 a.m. to 10 p.m. and Sunday 8 a.m. to 9 p.m.
We are located on Alicia Parkway off the 5 freeway between Charlinda and the 5 freeway.
If you are calling the Target Pharmacy, please press 1.
If you speak to the store operator, please wait or press 0.
I guess we get the operator.
Please stay on the line while your call is transferred to the operator.
Good evening Target, this is Sue, how can I direct your call?
Yes, can I speak to somebody in electronics please?
Sure.
Electronics?
Yeah, I was looking to see if you had a PlayStation 2 game in stock. It's We Love Katamari.
Let me check, hang on.
Yeah, I see. Those are on the next aisle.
I'm sorry, what was the game again?
It's We Love Katamari.
Yeah, we have one left.
You do have one left in stock.
Yes, we do.
Okay, great. Thank you.
Uh-huh.
Alright, bye-bye.
One left, kids! Get your asses in gear!
here and get down there and pick that shit up. One left in stock.
I'll have to talk to my folks at Namco and see what's going on.
Go figure. You heard it here first, boys and girls.
We gonna rat them out, yo. We frickin' called them
and they have one copy left in stock. You go post that on Game Tax right now.
I think I'm gonna make a stop by Target tomorrow after I get out from the chiropractor.
You want to call the one down up the street here?
Dude, if they have it, I'm going to give Neil money to get mine now.
Except that I have mine on reserve at GameStop and I can get it for 30% off.
Are we going to call him right now?
Well, it's 30% off later or full price now.
I can't believe we're doing this live on air.
I think we have better things to talk about.
But dammit, we might get our Katamari fix tonight.
Alright, here's the number, Neil.
We caught a Mario ready!
I'm calling GameStop real quick.
6384971.
All right.
Bugs going to call him.
And in the meantime, we're going to go to a break.
When we come back from the break,
we'll let you know what happened.
And we'll get into the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
And we've got a couple other Bamani stories
for you guys tonight.
So we will be back after this.
Started off with a little bit of the captain, the good captain
here.
You listening to Orange Lounge Radio?
Dream on, dream on, but take me in a dream Take me anywhere you please, boy you're making me scream Dream on, dream on, but nothing's just a dream If you want to set me free, boy you're making me scream Ooh, la-da-dee, la-da-da You've got to dream on, dream on, dream on
Oh, one more time, I'm back with a new rhyme Hey, here we go again, turn it up my friend
No, we don't stop, we rock the spot No, we don't quit, get ready or this is it
Do you like the dream?
Hey, I like the dream baby Do you like the dream?
Oh, I like the dream mama Do you like the scream?
Hey, I like to scream, baby Do you like to scream? Oh, scream it out
Dream of a dream of a living in your dreams It's the end of real things for you making me scream
Dream of dreams of the nothing but the dream If you want to let me scream for you making me scream
I'm feeling all like a robot, yeah
Baby do you want the truth?
Baby do you want it?
Baby do you want the truth?
7, 2, 1
When you ask me to do my own thing, it's a lie
So I quit, it's a lie
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio and the hunt is on.
I think I've heard about five different Target stores being called in the area during that
break looking for We Heart Katamari.
Of course, if you're just joining us, we actually called.
There was a picture on the internet.
Some kid said he went to the Mission Viejo California Target Store, looked for a copy
of We Heart Katamari and he got it and we just called because we thought that this whole
thing might have been bogus or BS.
We called and the guy, they didn't know that we were a radio show or anything, we just
called and the guy said one copy left.
So if you're lucky enough to be in the San Diego Mission Viejo area, get your ass a target
before nine o'clock and you can thank us later. That's great. All right. You know what's sad
is after we cover that on our podcast tonight, that poor store is going to get a shitload
of inquiries about that game. Power of the internet. You know what's sad also? I'm going
to rat them out. Don't rat them out. Oh yeah, I'm ratting them out. Don't rat them out.
I'm ratting them out. Wait until somebody picks up that game because maybe it'll be
good enough to give us an iso.
Well, then they better hurry.
I'm gonna random out.
Cause, you know, Namco's gonna call tomorrow.
We'll see what happens.
Nah, I don't care, really.
Well, actually, what's interesting is that, um, uh, the only reason I'd be pissed off
is because we didn't get ours on time.
Because, you know, it was supposed to come out, you know, I think, last week, and they
pushed it back.
So, you know what?
That's my bitterness.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
to come out you know I think last week and they pushed it back so you know what
that's my bitterness all right the chat rooms yelling at us here I don't know if
somebody lives in that area or something we'll see um doo-doo-doo-doo where was I
lost track now because of all this we heart katamari madness here let me post
that link one more time for you guys looking for that mission Viejo target I
have a slight update there's one in the area they have them in they have them
but they aren't putting them out on the shelf till Tuesday till Tuesday till
this Tuesday okay who's doing it Roseville the old one the old Roseville
one interesting because there's like two or three in Roseville now huh so that's
That's the one on Douglas Boulevard.
Interesting.
Do you have a game called We Love Katamari for PS2 and stuff?
So it's somehow getting out early to targets?
Yeah.
Just cover them by my house and they don't...
Interesting.
Alright.
There's going to be some calls made this morning. Let me put it that way.
Do you know the other thought is that what if Namco is purposefully leaking this out to produce excitement over the game's release?
I don't think so. They're not that smart.
Actually, I worked for Namco and yes, they've done stuff like this in the past.
I don't think so. I doubt it.
I think this is just more of an error in someone's shipping department.
Now the chat room's going, call my target. Call my target.
Fuck you. Call your own target. Seriously.
The hell? We're not calling all your damn targets.
We are not the goddamn operator. Call your own fucking target.
Pick up your phone, dial the little numbers, and ask them yourself, just like we did with
six different stores.
Thank you.
You see how easy it is?
I did it.
You can do it.
The phone is easy to use.
You learn how to do this when you're three.
Hit the button.
If you have that much trouble, get your mommy to call.
You shouldn't be getting this game anyways if you have that much trouble dialing a phone.
Obviously don't have the hand-eye coordination enough to use the controller to play the game.
If you're having trouble using the phone, you've got a serious problem, and you probably need help going P2.
Do you need someone to help you do the wipe? Or how about the flush?
Alright, we're getting like a million requests for the clip of the phone call.
So we'll, I don't know, put it in the live chat. Please!
Post it to our forums, please, because my work firewalled live journals, so I can't
do that no more.
We'll see.
Shame on them.
We'll see what we can do.
Because I have a certain person I would like to send that to that, you know, is certain
on certain street dates, and I would like to forward that to them, and that would be
hilarious.
All right.
We're going to get into the cage match, but we can't figure out where Loki's song went.
Do you have a new song for us?
From my cage match?
Yeah.
Yeah, I have a new one.
I didn't even realize it one last time.
Technically, your song, whatever it was, should have been retired.
Yeah, I have a new song that I'm picking.
Alright, good.
It's on one of those CDs, actually.
Oh, good.
Which one?
This is great radio, by the way.
It was a good, cool one.
Oh, the one that should be already in there.
Alrighty.
It's actually on both of them, so it doesn't really matter.
Okay, sounds good.
Alright, we're going to get into tonight's cage match, boys and girls.
We're starting fresh this week because we did go two weeks without a show.
So we're just going to go ahead and kind of restart tonight with the cage match.
And it goes a little something like this.
All right.
Here's the deal. Join our chat room,
www.orangelaungeradio.com. We're going to play three songs for you guys.
And you guys get to pick your favorite. And the winning song goes into rotation
All week long on Orange Lounge Radio's Bhavani and Video Game Music Show, which plays 24
hours a day, seven days a week on this station when we are not live.
So we're going to start off with three brand new songs tonight for you to pick from.
There is no reigning champion.
We'll start off tonight with Dark Sakura's pick, since she's the only one that has her
pick up and ready to go.
So we're going to start off with her.
I had it already last week.
But you know, we won't talk about last week.
So what did you pick for us, Dark Sakura?
Um, it's by a Czech group called Aksent, sorry, and this is a really weird video with a look-alike like Kylie Minogue in it, and these guys kept making out with her, and it's called Kylie.
Interesting. So it's like a Kylie Minogue worship song?
Yeah.
This should be pretty rad.
Actually, this is the English version.
Alright.
I haven't listened to it all below through yet, but I listened to the Czech version, and I didn't shoot any of it, so here you go.
Alright.
Here we go, song number one tonight, Accents with Kylie.
Maybe you're the one that made my heart I swear I'm not lying
Maybe, tonight I'm gonna try my luck
I can see that you want me
I'm dreaming about you every night, every night
Fighting gives me just a chance, let's go out and dance
We can get into the groove, I can watch you move
Later you can sing to me, like a shining star
But I'd rather know you on the backseat of my car
Try to give me just a chance, let's go out and dance
We can get into the groove, I can watch you move
Later you can sing to me like a shining star
I'd rather know you're on the back seat of my car
Baby, take a minute, check me out
I see you in the front row
Baby, I'm the coolest guy in the crowd
I'm sure you have seen me
I'm dreaming about you every night, every night
Skydee give me just a chance, let's go out and dance
We can get into the groove, I can watch you move
Later you can sing to me like a shining star
But I'd rather, know you on the back-feet of my car
Hiding gives me just a chance, let's go out and dance
We can get into the groove, I can watch you move
Later you can sing to me, like a shining star
But I'd rather, know you on the back-feet of my car
You drive me crazy, you slowly drive me crazy
Red blooded paper, can't get you off my mind
I used to be lucky, I used to be so lucky
I used to be lucky to sleep with you tonight
Let's go out and dance We can get into the groove
I can watch you move
Later you can sing to me
Like a shining star
But I rather
Know you're on the back
I rather
But I rather
Know you're on the back
Take off my car
Alright though, song number one in tonight's cage match, Accent with Kylie. Let's go around
and see what everybody thought of that one, starting off with Dark Sakura.
That song is great. I mean, the style's kind of, you know, an older style, but the song's
relatively new, and the video's freaking hilarious, so it gets a 9.5.
I have to agree with Arcadian42 in our chatroom who said this song is fruity. However, for
For that reason, I loved it. It was great. It was a great cage match song, honestly.
It was funny and it was dancey. Nine and a half.
I'm putting the video in the chatroom, by the way.
Alright. But, there are still two more songs to go. Who knows?
We may have something a little better. We won't find out. It's your call.
Song number two is Loki's pick. What'd you pick for us, Loki?
Some off the Good Cool Xpander CD. I don't really like Eurobeat.
And this is a trance remix of Blame. So, by Good Cool.
Alright, here it is. Blame the trance mix by Good Cool.
will last, deep within my mind I will always find you, you should still remain
All my heart still yearns to testify still, but I can't put up the blame
I would never ever do to leave me with a mental wound
To love the reason why I can't forgive and forgive
You have left me sad for life,
Your fear to wake up like a night.
I can't forgive and forget.
I thought I would heal,
But I only feel my conscience reminisce
I knew that I would fall for you
But nothing's quite like this
Why can't I hide what's deep inside?
The feelings never fade
Look and see what you've done to me
The impact that you've made
I would never have assumed you'd need me
With a mental wound, still love the reason why I kept on giving for days
You have left me sad for life, come sit and wake up like a night
I can't forgive it for you
Keep me in my mind, I will always find emotions still remain
Oh, my heart's too young to get the vibe still, but I can't put up the blame
I would never, ever assume to leave me with a mental wound
You never will realize why I can't forgive and forget
You never did not look like something you would not like to see
I can't forgive and forget
I would never have assumed you'd leave me with a mental wound
You know the reason why I can't forgive and forget
You have left me bad for life
Consider what God's like at night
I can't forgive and forget
You've only got yourself to blame.
...
...
...
...
...
Alrighty, that was song number two of Good Cool with Chorus K featuring Jeff Koot.
Blame, a trance remix. Interesting. Let's see, Dark Sakura.
So it sounded like Eurobeat with extra, different, Eurobeat with different synths.
So, yeah, it was okay, because I really like Blame, but I actually like the Eurobeat version better.
So it gets a seven and a half.
Loki.
It's a nine, because I've been blasting this in my car with the windows down, driving. It's fun.
I didn't like it as much as the Kylie song, but I kinda dug it. It was pretty cool. I'll give it an 8.5.
which didn't get a single vote from any of you so I said f you all the next cage
match I'm gonna play some shitty so here it is the band is m3 Halina Walsh and
Stacey D I have no idea what kind of name that is but it's m3 Halina Walsh
and Stacey D it's called I touch myself the love to infinity radio mix and yes
it is an update of that song. Song number three.
I want you to find me, I'll forget myself I want you to remind me
I don't want anybody else When I think about you, I'll touch myself
I don't want anybody else I don't want anybody else
You're the sun who makes me shine When you're around, I'm always laughing
I wanna make you mine I close my eyes and see you before me
Think I would die if you were to ignore me If I could see just how much I adore you
I can tell you my needs, I'd do anything for you
I don't want anybody else
When I think about you, I next myself
Whoa I don't want anybody else
Oh no, oh no yeah
I'll touch my left hand
Anybody, I'll touch my left hand
Yeah anybody, I'll touch my left hand
Yeah, anybody, I touch my left hand
Anybody else?
I love myself
I want you to love me
When I feel down
I want you to overburden me
I search myself
I want you to find me
I forget myself
I want you to remind me
I want you
I don'tbODY ELSE
When I think about you
I touch myself
Oooooh
I don't want anybody else
When I think about you
I touch myself
I don't want anybody else
I don't, Oh no
I touch myself
Alrighty. That was song number three in tonight's cage match. Where's my background? There we go.
Song number three in tonight's cage match, I Touched Myself by M3, Helena Walsh, and Stacey D.
I touched myself right in the eye.
Dark Sakura, what did you think?
I wanted to cry, because they took a song that was excellent in its original form, and made it into just generic trance crap. So it gets a 3.
Loki!
It's remix by numbers. Take song, add different backbeat, done.
Uh, I didn't like it. It made me feel-
It was like that song was the whole, and seven days later I'm going to become gay having listened to that song, so I can't get to six.
Bugged.
Yeah, I touch myself in the eye and then the nose, and yeah. Two.
That's the kind of song I would clean house while dancing around in my underwear, too. I give it a seven.
I do not need that imagery!
And yes you're welcome for that special imagery brought to you by me.
Let's recap the three songs you can vote for tonight in tonight's cage match.
Song number one is Accent with Kylie.
And song number two you can vote for tonight is Good Cool with Chorus K with Blame the
trans mix.
And song number three you can vote for tonight, I Touch Myself.
Alright kids, place vote now. Send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your
vote.
We have to play this song now. What song is this?
The V-Rare stuff.
Oh, we'll get to the V-Rare.
That's because I found that song that I was talking to you about. Remember when we were
sitting at E3 and we were watching, you know, the Groovilooz do their thing up there in
that song? I'm like, that would be an awesome song to remix with No Limit. Well, that was
the You Gotta Move It song.
Really? It was?
That it wasn't menu music. That was that new song. We are okay
We are gonna get to the v-ware actually very soon here very soon
I do I don't want to go to a break just yet though
I want to like folks have a chance to submit in their cage match votes
Loki after the cage matches usually when we talk about what's going on in the sim scene a
Lot of waiting is what's going on in the sim scene. We're waiting for a few things
We're waiting for my sale to come back up. We're waiting for
for Food makes 2 very least next week it's coming out Friday folks only a few
more days left on the 15th so keep an eye on orange on radio because we'll let
you know when it's up and what we think about it then we're also waiting to see
what's going on with was a DDR East Coast invasion because they're still
doing tournaments or tournaments six and I know they were up through bracket to
I got to play some of the songs and I have to say I'm glad they're they're done
Glad they're done doing these because it hasn't gotten any better at all
so now they're doing I guess attorney makes six wild card around and
What the hell that means? I don't know but it's gonna be done folks. So you're suffering will be over soon and
Yeah, that's pretty much it. We're just waiting lots of waiting but food mix tues coming soon. That's all you need to know
Tell the folks listening about that video game we were playing before the show tonight because that was an interesting little game.
A lot of DDR fans are also Konami fans, so they might get a kick out of this one.
This was actually put out by Hudson Soft. This game, I'm assuming, came after Super Smash Brothers, but this is basically as close to Super Smash Brothers as you're going to get on the PlayStation 2.
2. It's an import only title and it's called Dream TV, like Dream Mix TV or something like
that, World Fighters. And what it is, it's a collection of characters from Konami, from
I want to say Hudson Soft and one other company. I can't remember the last company, but it
is Super Smash Brothers with us. So, you get some really crazy match ups from Konami. For
For example, starting off they have Simon Belmont, they have, um, Solid Snake, that
was unlockable, Solid Snake, um, they have Twinbee, they have, um, this guy from Konami
Baseball or something like that, and then some other stuff, um, then they have, for,
was it Hudson, they had, um, I forget, Bomberman, they had, um, you know, just FYI, Jamie just
I just yelled that from the bathroom.
Okay, so they have Bomberman. They had like some Barbie type chick or something like that.
They had, I want to say...
Optimus Prime, bitch! Optimus Prime, motherfucker!
Bomberman!
Bomberman was in it. Have you played this game? Dark Sakura? Have you played this game?
Goddamn, all I heard was Hudson's off and I think Bomberman.
A Super Smash Brothers ripoff, well, clone-ish game with Konami characters and Hudson characters and Optimus Prime.
Optimus Prime.
On what?
PlayStation 2.
PlayStation 2 Japanese.
Is it out?
When?
It's already out.
Ordering right now.
I have it on my PlayStation.
You gotta play it.
We did a matchup with Simon Belmont versus Optimus Prime, who, by the way, turns into
a truck.
That was great, watching Optimus Prime turn into a truck and beat people, run people over.
They have characters from Bloody Roar in it.
They had one of the characters from that.
Adventure Island.
Adventure Island.
This game is...
Master Higgins.
And this game's friggin' awesome! It just, it never came out over here, and...
It's not as good as Smash Brothers, that's why.
It's not as good as Smash Brothers, but it's still pretty damn fun.
I had fun playing it.
But it's very Japanese.
It's very Japanese.
So I think it's too much of a culture shock thing.
But it was really cool, and I hadn't... I was gonna...
The first time I played through it with Simon Belmont, and then I was gonna play it through it with Optimus Prime.
and we have to do the show, but Optimus Prime was funny running in the people of the truck
yeah it was really funny they were playing this and I was sitting there
playing Burnout Legends and all of a sudden Rob goes, oh shoot, we've got to start the show in like three minutes
alright
and then it was, where's Jamie?
I'm sorry, I was in the bathroom, thank you. No, not now, before the show, and then I walked back here and then suddenly the front door opened
oh, speak
speak of the devil, literally
Alright, I was there too before I came here.
Alright, we're going to tally up those cage match votes right now and we're going to take
a break.
In this break, DDR Extreme 2 V-Rare music.
We got it.
Here it is.
We're going to hear in this break some of the shorter songs from, was that NCSX sold
out of Mario Mix?
Yeah, DDR Mario Mix sold out on NCSX.
Alright.
Diet Channel.
Here we go.
to hear in this break because we picked some of the shorter songs because we're not going to be
able to play the whole thing you gotta move it which is the new song that's going to be playable
it's very sexy destiny the piano version i need you the inside out outdoor mix and infinite prayer
all in this break. We'll be back. Enjoy.
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Oh, yeah
Yeah, yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
Yeah
You gotta know
Listen, take control of yourself, let your body take control
Falling, my whole world is falling
Without you in my life, so hard to keep from dying
When your eyes meet mine, everything seems fine
Always making love with you
Fear that you'll love me, always be with me
Forever and ever
But on that day when I awoke and I found I walk alone
I just feel deep down in my heart no more
You are my destiny, that's how it's supposed to be
That's the way it's really meant to be
I knew I'd defend to set you free
I could keep on following you, never letting you go
Following you, losing all my fight
Going on you, never letting you go
Following you, but you'd run
You, you were my destiny I was planning for eternity
Something came and took away from me Baby, you, you were my destiny
You were the only man in this world for me, meant for me
But now you've run away, dear, to me
Ta-da!
Gaming Radio, so uncensored, that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us, Orange Lounge
Radio.
Hello boys and girls, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, I almost want to call that Target
store back tomorrow morning and see if that copy got sold or somebody went and slapped
them on the wrist or what we'll see it's out there now anyway in that break some
music from the DDR extreme 2 v-rare you got to move it featuring Julie regard I
think it is destiny piano version I need you inside outdoor mix and infinite
prayer all from the new v-rare which by the way I tried to get at a GameStop
yesterday or I should really say Miklotov tried to get at a GameStop yesterday
which I don't really get cuz you know he kind of works for Konami and he doesn't
have a copy of the v-rare yet but we were trying to I get one from GameStop
and couldn't get one. Um, this is the weird thing though. Behind the counter. If I haven't
gotten one yet. No, this is the weird thing. They said they had given some out, but they
thought they had one left. They had the cover and no disc in it. Like somebody had taken
the disc without the cover. They have them at the one that I know that's over on Madison
and Hazel over there. Really? They had a stack of them when I went there. Folks in chat room
are saying they're getting it now, so. I thought you had to pre-order it though to get one.
Well, not if you know the right people.
Anyway, so there was some tracks in there for you guys who didn't pre-order the game
or just wanted to hear it, haven't gotten your vrares yet.
Those were some of the tracks. Other tracks, some repeats from previous games
you've probably already heard before on the station.
Some other long version mixes, but we just don't have time to play those
because they're like seven or eight minutes, so maybe later on.
We can play the Seduction vocal mix, it's only 4.40.
Eh, maybe we'll get to that if we have time, but we're running a little late in show, actually, because usually we get to the FUs of the week around 8.30, and frickin' now it's 9.15, and we still haven't gotten to the FUs of the week, so I think we better do that, or we're gonna be in trouble.
Right, DarkSakurai? Because this is your little baby, after all.
So why is it, then, that we have to do the FUs of the week every single freaking week, like it or not?
My first FU of the week goes toward sleeping for 12 hours and waking up sick.
Also another FU goes to battle tech because it makes me motion sick.
Another FU goes toward...
I actually have something I can't say on the air, so just a generic F.U. towards something
that's stuck in my head. And, um, another one goes toward being sick again, and having
to go to work. That's it.
Alright, Loki's turn.
Oh yeah, one more.
Oh.
F.U. to world geography. Thank you.
Alright, let's go to Loki. I have one that's stuck in my mind, and that's basically, fuck
Thank you to the firewall that's at my work, because now I can't view a lot of sites because they're, you know, under different, like, logs, you know, like, spam or chat or whatever.
At one point we had, like, almost the whole internet blocked because they were messing with the filters.
Do you guys use Websense?
No, they have this Barracuda, uh, spy blocker thing, or Barracuda firewall or something.
That sucker, you know, it doesn't like proxy servers either, I tried getting around it that way, but, uh, no luck.
Anyways, um, yeah, but fuck that, because now I can't read stuff on LiveJournal and it cuts down one more page I can read.
Welcome to the world where the rest of us have to live and at work.
That's okay, I have my ways around things.
Um, anyways, so, that sucks, but, um, other than that, really, um, not too much else that I'm mad at, other than just not having enough time.
We need, like, 28-hour days or something, so I have more time to get stuff done.
And, uh, yeah, that's pretty much it.
I'm going to give an F.U. to Vacation being over, because I want it to end.
So an F.U. to the fact that Vacation is running out and I actually have to go back to work tomorrow, that sucks.
And an F.U. to GameStop that didn't have the copy of the beer area in yesterday, because I wanted that.
FU to the fact that the systems that Dave & Busters went down for a little while yesterday, which took away from my precious playtime.
FU to the fact that I can't stop eating Cold Stone, because that ice cream is delicious, and it makes me fat.
And an FU to that guy in Final Fantasy XI who called me a cheap white mage because I don't have a race.
Fuck you, I've tried to do BCNM 40 I don't know how many times, I can't get that damn scroll. I can't win it for my life.
So, F.U. I hate you. No cures for you.
I like being a white mage because if I don't like somebody I'll let them die.
Oops, I'm sorry lag.
Let's go to Bugz with any F.Us he might have.
F.U. to your Comcast DVR.
Why?
It doesn't work like a TiVo.
I told you it's not as good as TiVo.
Good God.
I thought you meant it didn't record suggestions. I didn't know it wouldn't go back
Well, and also since I haven't been on the show in a while if you do breaking my collarbone
Glad to see you up and about
Yes
Rob saw me when a couple of days afterward at a party and I pretty much sat in the chair and
vegged out drank a lot of beer and
We all laughed at pictures of ourselves from junior high in high school. No, mostly just mine
And Brian's, but that's because he wasn't there.
Let's see, uh...
Oh, FQ did the ER, but...
Because when I broke my collarbone, I had to go to ER.
I'm unemployed, I do not have insurance, and it was actually a lot less than I thought it would be,
but the fact that I didn't have insurance sucked.
Next time I fall and break my collarbone, I'm going to try and do it in Canada.
Yep.
Yeah, I'm going to plan on that.
Put it on the itinerary for next time I go for Vancouver.
Follow the off-bike brake collarbone.
Uh...
Not many other FUs.
Alright.
Wow, that music was too happy for an FU. I'm sorry.
Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo.
Chat room FU time.
Sakarina says FU to rain to public transportation that isn't on time, trains and all that happening on the same day,
day, causing me to walk home from school in the rain, and staying stuck there due to a
train crossing. Tomokun would like to say fuck Live 365, fuck, fuck, fuck idiots.
Darkknight would like to say my F.U. goes to my Advance Wars DS game for being hard
as hell, and an F.U. to loneliness, no one in the world deserves to be all alone in the
world. SpiritSnare says F.U. to Tokyo Game Action
for getting Happy Sky, FU to certain Target stores for releasing We Heart Katamari earlier
than they're supposed to, FU to others for not, not Google but Goggle, says FU to Lowe's
Cineplex in Danbury, Connecticut for not letting me into an R-rated movie, also FU to schools
starting at 7.45 every morning, I think I've been to that theater in Connecticut, go figure,
I've been to a lot of really random places, Dark Tetsuya says the continued FU to this
crappy connection. And the F.U. to CCL's card system. No one explained that the cards expire,
so I had to find out the hard way. Yeah, I read that in your L.J. and I was pissed too.
Rene would like to say, I have an F.U. to diarrhea or indigestion. You know, in the
hundred and fifty-five episodes we've done of Orange Lounge Radio, you think that's something
someone would have said F.U. to a long time ago because, what? You didn't flat out say
say diarrhea. You did say indigestion, but... No, F you to the medication the doctor puts
you on. I have done an F you though to drinking a lot of Hawaiian Punch and coloring my feces
blue. So I think that kind of tops that one. If you eat asparagus it turns your pee a different
color too. If you have honey smacks it makes your pee smell like honey smacks, did you
That sounds incredibly nasty.
It's incredible.
First off, why are you sniffing your pee?
It doesn't...
That stuff is so strong.
It's the aroma that wafts up from the toilet.
Exactly. It's like, honey smacks.
Rubs red. Look, rubs red.
I just can't... I can't believe this show has literally gone into the toilet.
Hey, we can't make poo-poo jokes anymore, so...
So much to compile a website of all the different foods that will make your, like, you know, bile and...
Your one and two smell like something else I
Can imagine some of our listeners are now gonna go really and like drink a whole gallon of blue
Why don't wine punch that she is awesome, but they don't sell it anymore
They don't sell the blue stuff. They sell green and like orange and stuff
So and red and I don't you know want drink a gallon of red. I like the blue stuff and they don't sell it
That sucks
Moving on.
F you to everybody because I have a Sega CDX and no one else.
Sega CDX?
Huh?
Rene is saying an F you to everybody because he has a CDX and nobody else does, but you
have one, don't you?
Yeah.
Actually, I have a regular CDX.
I have both.
I have all three, I think.
I'm sure you know what sort of context I mean in that last one.
Zakku would like to say F you to being unemployed for nearly 9 months and F you to not getting
work study this year.
F you to not having to wait this long to order my books for school.
F you to State University of New York University Police for giving us heat for having lots
of people in the front of our apartment on Friday and Saturday nights.
SIN or S1N. Fuck you to there not being any retarded Target stores in Canada.
Are there, is there a Target in Canada? I hope so, are you guys really missing out?
Okay, there is Target in Canada. And the Walmart doesn't have a star in the
middle, it has a dash. Who fucking cares?
I don't know. Alright.
Well, if you watch shows that are supposedly, like, in the US, and they're actually filmed
in Canada, you can tell. You got a lot of free time on your hands, don't
There's a Walmart, is it like a Walmart or Target commercial when it's showing what is out here known as best foods, mayonnaise, it shows actually Hellman's.
ColorOfSakura says, F you to silly high school drama that I keep getting pulled into because people think I care. Just remember, yeah, it gets better in college.
There's lots of drinking involved, too.
Yep. Ron Cham says, F you to the con I'm staffing for. I'm in charge of two departments, and I got no help here. I need a drink.
John Field says, F you to my sudden loss of interest in Phantasy Star Online. Here I'm trying to pull out a machinima, and I'm finding I can't play the game normally anymore without feeling totally drained. Oh well, it was a good five year run.
5 year run.
I've owned that fucking game on like 4 different systems and I never want to play it again.
Sorry.
I haven't played it since I got married.
BakaNiko says F you for not having any targets in the area so I cannot check one.
I'm sorry, Weheart Katamari.
Uh, Bob.
Huh?
Neko means cat.
Sorry.
Blah.
GS191 says F you to the in the groove for breaking on me.
F you to Comcast for the cable going out 3 times this week.
F you to leechers that are not seeding Advent Children.
F you to politics, Republicans suck and Democrats blow.
F you to G4 for trying to get tech back, it is too late, and may G4 go down in flames.
My dad's very happy that Leo Laporte is back on.
Yes, I am happy Leo Laporte's come back.
Leo, take him in from the inside, take him out.
You need to tell him about that live taping of This Week in Tech that's going on in NorCal.
Yes, there's going to be, there's two podcasts I'll listen to, this one and This Week in
Tech.
Technically this right now is not a podcast.
I know.
Podcast will be later.
I know, I know what you mean.
Where the hell's that?
North Bay, right?
Yeah, it's North Bay. It's north of San Francisco.
I want to go there and just whore out Orange Lounge.
That's what pretty much my plan was.
Alright, sounds good.
jadedangel, we got a couple more here.
jadedangel says,
F you to Sony for making the release date of Final Fantasy VII Advent Children be delayed.
Well, go download it.
Not that we advocate that.
Get usenet, folks. No need for seeds on that. It downloads about a hundred times faster.
Darkknight says, oh, and a final F.U. to Accounting Homework for causing me total brain damage.
End of line. Oh wait, no, was there one more here?
Oh, alright, that's it. That's it. That was all the F.Us of the week.
F.U. to Christopher for not bringing anything for us.
No, I'm hungry, lookin' at that, ugh.
That's alright.
Hi.
Hello.
We have four minutes left to show.
Do you want to give us a quick movie review of what you saw this week?
Sure, I saw Serenity, which was really, really, really well done.
I recommend it to everybody.
FYI, he's a little bit biased because he's a Buffy whore.
That's okay.
Dark Soccer, I believe, agrees with me, right?
I wanted to go, and I couldn't, because that's cool.
I have something for you, it's a bunch of the nuts.
I found out the other day, cause this was last week after we did our fake show thing, Christopher was showing us the funny part in that one gay porn.
And that reminded me of the trailer that was on one of them for The Hole, I guess cause it's a gay porn version of The Ring.
That's why our company is actually distributing that.
Which is hilarious.
Yes.
You know how a lot of pornos will do funny play on the regular movie title?
I remember there was a porno once.
It was Ali McFeel.
Was it a porno?
Edward Penisands.
Yeah, Edward Penisands I've seen.
I saw the first one I ever saw was the Boneheads.
Beaver and Buttface is another one I've seen.
Before you're gay, you see the hole.
Now they're doing The Ring, except it's the gay version.
It's totally hot, too.
I recommend that movie, too.
Oh, and I saw The Exorcism of Emily Rose, which was okay.
It was okay?
Yeah.
But Serenity was great.
I recommend that.
Two thumbs up.
Two thumbs up and...
You need to come up with a gay rating system to rate movies.
Two cocks up.
I give it two hard dicks up.
Okay.
Here's Loki.
No, no, no.
two hard dicks up my ass okay yeah well I didn't see it going in that direction
but anyways we got a late fu you'll like this one Loki spirit snare says fu to
Apple replacing the iPod mini with the iPod nano slide share anyway what do you
got we have a couple minutes left here what do you say what do I want to say I
I want to say that I was reading the other day, so I like to read digs sometimes, and
there was some funny stuff I was reading on there. I don't know.
You need to dig our target thing. Yeah. Screw that. I'm, I'm, I am bitching
to Amco, but what the hell? You can't get us our shit on time, but you can sure as hell
give it a target? It doesn't know what the hell to do with it? Morons?
You know, I don't know what's up with that.
The fact is, what's up with that? I want to know why they aren't sending me free samples.
That's what I want to know.
But why aren't you sending me this shit for free? I should be having it already.
Namco Battle Collection, my ass. You know what?
I just can't wait for Burnout Revenge. It's coming out next week.
I love that game. I had to get Burnout Legends to tie me over. It's kind of a
transitional into Burnout Revenge.
I'm gonna be playing that for months. Alright, until Liberty Sea Stories comes out.
Huh? Oh, did we do the Cage Match winners? I don't think we did the Cage Match winners.
Oh, fucking A. Who did win the Cage Match winners? There's the vote tally.
Tonight's Cage Match winner was... It was actually very close. All three songs got a lot of votes tonight,
so everybody should feel really good. But this one won.
Good, cool. Future and Jeff Koop. Yeah, I'm going to find a song for next week. Woohoo!
Alright, congratulations there. That was a very close one.
Also, I wanted to give a couple other plugs since we haven't been on the air in a couple of weeks.
Don't forget you can really help out our podcast by voting for us on Podcast Alley.
So I'm going to copy-paste the link right there. Put that in the chatroom. Go vote for us!
and uh... also um... to spread the word about a podcast our life show that's the
best way we can uh... get more people to listen
i've been or not to the publishers
the way to do it my friend
and vote for us to five uh... on life is five player window you can vote like
excellent vote five excellent and you know what i heard that the uh... apple
itunes their store their will ranking systems rigged
the whole thing you basically can um... subscribe and unsubscribe rapidly
edges counts anytime you click the button and i'll move i've heard they
fixed that
uh... they didn't
cuz there's a little thing on dig about it uh...
they came up in the
still broken
so that's that
all right
and the show
gaurang airbase final thought starting off with bugs your final thought
burnout revenge
loki your final thought happy birthday to me
my final thought is uh...
I don't know.
Dark Sakura.
I've been married for ten days.
Reject both icons.
You're still a newlywed. You should have a reality TV show.
Hell no!
Alright, the final word of the show, one word that sums up everything that we did
tonight.
And we'll see you guys later on.
Bugged, what's the final word of tonight's show?
Target.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Riding a bloke with her tiara on
Holding this humongous bouquet in her hand
She looked great out of Disneyland
You know what's a Cinderella ride? I mean definitely an E ticket
Crowd was cheering, everyone was stoked
I mean it was like the whole school was totally coked or something
The band was playing, everything
And all of a sudden, somebody screamed
Look out! The Homecoming Queen's got a gun!
Everybody runs
The Homecoming Queen's got a gun
Everybody runs
The homecoming queen has got a gun
Debbie smiling and waving her gun
Picking up cheerleaders one by one
Oh, Buffy's pom-pom just blew to bits
Oh no, Miffy's head just did the splits
God, my best friend's on a shooting spree
Stop it, Debbie, you're embarrassing me
How could you do what you just did?
Are you having a really bad period?
Everybody run
The homecoming queen's got a gun
Everybody run
The homecoming queen has got a gun
The king's been hit in the neck
And the burner's been blown to death
An hour later, the cops arrived
But then the entire glee club had died
No big loss
You wouldn't believe what they brought the staffer
Here we have machine guns, even a chopper!
Throw down your gun in the yard and come out of the club!
She said she didn't listen to what the cops said
She aimed and fired and now the math teacher said I was really sad
But kind of a relief, I mean, we had this big catch coming up next week
Everybody runs
The homecoming queen's got a gun
Everybody runs
The homecoming queen has got a gun
She had got a gun
She had a knife
She went deep, happened to laugh
The cops fired a warning shot that blew her off the float
I tried to stream stuff, but it stuck in my throat
She hit the ground and did a flip, it was real acrobatic
But I was crying so hard, I couldn't work my eustematic
I ran down to Debbie, I had to find out
What made her do it?
Why'd she pick out?
I said the bullet had got her right in the ear
I knew then the end was near.
So I ran down and I said, in her good ear,
Debbie, why did you do it?
She raised her head, smiled, and said,
I did it for Johnny.
Johnny? Well, like, who's Johnny?
Answer me, Debbie. Who's Johnny?
Does anybody here know Johnny? Are you Johnny?
There was one guy named Johnny, but he was a total geek
He's a total geek and we've had food in his braces
And to be Debbie, who's Johnny?
Oh God, it's like that movie Citizen Kane, you know, where you later find out Rosebud was his lad
But we'll never know who Johnny was since, like, she's dead
Everybody runs
The homecoming queen's got a gun
Everybody run, the whole country queen has got us.
Everybody run.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
End of show, sorry, we're going to boot you from the stream now, but just reconnect in
like 15 seconds so you get all this great DDR and Bimani music and video game music
we have like luminous music and other final fantasy stuff and who knows what else in there so
and now we're loading up stuff for the podcast and oh that new sonic game looks very sweet
just the inaction i saw the video for it looks very sexy all right we're going to
boot you from the stream now please reconnect in about 15 seconds to resume listening to
orange lounge radio thank you guys as always for your support of orange lounge radio heart kisses
Goodbye.
