Orange lounge radio to go edition week of September 19th, 2005
You're tuned in to the orange lounge radio to go edition your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat
Now here are your hosts dark Sakura sky and low
And low everybody once again and welcome to orange lounge radio to go a radio
Dedicated to what gamers really want to know?
Thanks so much for taking a minute to check us out,
downloading our podcast, subscribing, we appreciate it.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts.
Over there, say hello to DarkSakura.
Hi, I'm the Giggly Pussy Girl.
How are you?
Full of rage.
If only they knew what a bitch you really were, huh?
Oh, if only.
That's all right.
You know, that little bastard on, what was that site?
Just don't give it this time of day.
But I just have to say that I've probably been gaming since that little newbie wannabe
was in diapers.
I was sitting there with my Pong machine back in the day.
I am more the gamer than you will ever hope to be.
Alright.
But somewhere else?
I had to adjust it and get it out of my system.
Feel better?
Yeah, I actually do feel a lot better, but that's also proof that I'm anything but giggly
and Ditzy, thank you very much. She's a real bitch, ladies and gentlemen. I am, I really am.
Loki, say hello to Techmaster Loki, how you doing? I'm doing good.
Who also is a really big bitch, if you get to know him.
No, forget it. What's on your mind? Loki, how you doing?
Not much. What the hell is this you're looking at? Is this like Deer Hunter on the Xbox 360 or something?
No, that's a screenshot of Elder Scrolls IV.
It looks like a deer hunter game to me with the deer.
It looks like the deer from the deer scene in Ring 2, which sucked.
But you know, they will come out with a deer hunter game, I'm sure, for that.
For the Walmart arcades across America.
You ever notice that every Walmart arcade, quote of what you've ever walked into,
has some type of deer hunting machine, at least around here.
There's always some type of deer hunting machine and a crane.
And amazingly enough, one of the pubs I go to in Old Sac has a deer hunting game.
game amazing really well alright anyway we like to start off the podcast by
talking about what kind of games we've been playing this week dark soccer would
even playing this week I know you've been doing a lot of giggling and having
all those slumber parties and talking about boys but if you actually had any
time to play some games what were you able to find well I don't know out of
the 40-something video game systems that I own yeah have I not been able to find
something to play no serious I've been playing my Nintendo trying to you know
to keep them from running away and pissing on my dinner marks.
That's such a girl game!
You play it too, okay?
Oh yeah, that's right.
And so does Loki over here who owns three copies of it.
I'm thinking of selling two of them.
Give me one.
No!
Puppies!
Alright, so Nintendo.
Yeah, Nintendo.
Puppies!
Um, I've been playing with my puppies and then, um, I got World of Warcraft and installed
it today.
Finally!
Like a year later, one of us gets sucked into World of Warcraft, so...
Not quite sucked in.
sort of pissed off actually really livid that for the lack of controller option
I mean I can play on the keyboard but the controller is so much more efficient
especially since I got used to playing that way on that game that sucks which
is the game I still play thank you very much I hate being forced into being
social with people who are idiots everybody's complained about the game to
which I say why do they call it a massively multiplayer because you're
supposed to play with other people but not necessarily that you play with other
people it's that you interact with other people whatever and at least it's not
like in right right kill please whoop gh k thanks bye fuck you
you know for the people say warp me to here warp me to here I wanted a priest
with only the the gas time warp so that if they say warp me to to the Christmas
place you know five of our audience has probably ever played Ragnarok and
Well, I mean, Ludie, I would be gas times like the haunted place where big, horrible things kill you.
Yeah, okay.
I was level like 70-something and I still couldn't beat everything there.
Yeah.
Um, anyway, um...
I played that... I played actually a few online games. I've been playing something on, uh, gorillas.com.
Mhm.
I've been playing, um, uh, Froggus.
Okay.
Which is... Okay, there's like a little... There's things you can do on the site and collect items and you do certain things.
One of the things is you collect this potion that you'd go up to Noodle's room and insert into Shawn Ryder's head
Okay, and to get the last potion you have to play Frogger
But it's like you go there get the potion and come back. So and it's like horrible silly flash games silly flash games
Yeah, it's kind of fun
um
Dan also picked up like night shade and I go because I got really cheap and he gets a discount in the store and he
Picked up whatever that burnout game is on PSP and has been playing it religiously
Burnout Legends as I'm sure Loki will talk about later. Honestly the more I
hear burnout the more pissed off I get because I was trying to do my fucking
illustrator homework on Saturday night and not Saturday night I'm sorry on
Friday night and he comes in him and his buddy playing burnout as loud as our 50
inch widescreen TV would go and I was PMS and hardcore that night I went out
out there let him have it ate a bunch of chocolate and went to bed all right so
right now that game is on my shit list well I was gonna recommend for World of
Warcraft check out some of the communities out there because I bet you
somebody's got a mod out there you can't be the only one who desires to play
controllers got to be something going on out there so check it out you can mod
pretty much everything in World of Warcraft using Lua I like all the
interfaces like someone actually created an auction interface there where you can
actually it will tell you what the item that you're trying to sell is going for
what the previous history is and what they think that you can get for it and
that type of stuff that's pretty cool sounds cool all right Loki what do you
been playing this week I've been playing burnout revenge and that game is it's
awesome you know the first thing we did started playing traffic attack because
there's nothing like you know driving 209 miles an hour it's smashing into
every single car in the world on this freaking track and just having them fly over you like
a wake of water. It's just, it's great. It's the most fun ever. And the take down mode
when you're playing that you can actually use the crash breaker which makes your car
explode. So that's really fun as well. The only complaint I have about it is the new
way that they're doing the crash mode. They have this kind of, it's almost like golf games
where you have a little meter on the side and you have to hit your button once to stop
the meter and then hit it again before it goes too low.
And basically how accurately you hit that is how fast you go.
And it's really strange how they've done that.
And I didn't quite get it at first so I made my car explode or stall and stuff like that.
But other than that it's pretty cool.
I just can't wait to unlock more cars because it's been pretty tough to do that.
Then Burnout Legends, I've been playing that for the PSP, and that game is fun.
The only thing that sucks about that game is you actually, that game forces you to play with
other people
because in order to unlock all the cars there's
six cars that are
for each game and you have to actually go to play other people with those cars
and
it's almost like Nintendogs is what they're doing with it.
So that's pretty much it. Just racing games. Just Burnout Burnout Burnout all week long.
Yeah, I'm going to try to pick, or I have Urban Reign, I should try to play that.
It's kind of a fighting game, but beat-em-up game at the same time.
It's like Tekken.
It actually has Paul Phoenix and Law in it from the Tekken series, which, had I known
that when I was selling it, I probably would have sold it a bit better, but oh well.
Alright, let's see, what have I been playing this week?
I had a seven hour marathon of Final Fantasy XI this weekend. Never again will I play an MMO for that long.
But it was one of those things where it was like, there was a mission, and we all wanted to get it done,
and on top of that I'd already been leveling. It was like, I really had a lazy Saturday in every essence of the word.
And so, I'm sure some MMO addicts out there are cheering me on right now, but my god, that was just too much MMO for me on Saturday.
I haven't played Final Fantasy XI for a long time. I'm actually thinking, I have enough PTO where I can take a couple days off, I think, to actually play Final Fantasy.
What else did I play? I got to check out a couple new games. I actually went out and bought a copy of Mortal Kombat Shallon Monks, which is one of the games I played at E3.
It was one of those pleasant surprise games for me where I wasn't really expecting a whole lot out of the title, but I actually had a lot of fun with it at E3.
So I thought, okay, I'm going to check this out. I'm going to buy it for the console. So I decided to buy it for Xbox for no real reason than I wanted Xbox games.
Oh, yeah, now that I have HDTV the fact that Xbox kind of supports HD a little bit better than the other systems
I think kind of sells me on more Xbox games
Although Mortal Kombat doesn't really support widescreen or any of that, but whatever it's still really pretty looking the graphics in the game
Very colorful very nice looking a very similar graphical style to the previous Mortal Kombat game
Not deadly alliance, but what was the one in between I can't remember the name of it now Mortal Kombat deception
Thank you, Deception was the one that just recently out.
See, if I weren't a real gamer, I wouldn't know that.
We get it, we get it, honey.
Alright, um, we get it.
Anyway, um,
you remember that
Mortal Kombat Deception had that conquest
mode in it. It's kind of like they decided to take
conquest and kind of go, let's try
and make a game out of it. But it's, the game
itself isn't playing like the
conquest mode. It's more like, honestly, this is the
best thing I could describe it. It felt to me like
I was playing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, the arcade
game, but with Mortal Kombat characters.
You remember when they tried to do that side-scrolling RPG-type game with Sub-Zero and X?
It was awful.
The mythology games were awful.
No, but this one is surprisingly pretty fun.
It's really good.
It's pretty action-based.
Honestly, the best comparison I can think of is the Ninja Turtles arcade game, except
it's Mortal Kombat characters, and you're just beating people up left and right, and
you can do all these fancy combos, and as you gain experience, you can purchase new
combos and new things. So it's actually a lot of fun. My only minor complaints with
Shaolin Monks is that there's just some real basic gameplay mechanic things that don't
work for me, such as the fatalities. I think the fatalities are kind of fun and it's kind
of cute they put them in there, but unfortunately you only get one fatality in the beginning
and I don't know if I'm doing something wrong, but I've been playing the game for a couple
hours now and I just got like a new fatality called a multi ality or
something like that
well they're supposed to be looking in the list a blank fatalities like 20
different things you can do
I guess I haven't found any yet maybe I'm supposed to find them myself I don't
know
but I get kinda bored with a fatality theme is like I'm doing the same thing
over and over
slice slice slice you know with the hat is playing as Kung Lao right now so I'm
doing the hat slice and half
and it's cute at first and really funny and you know graphically well done
but it gets old. I think if the fatality combo meter filled maybe like half as
fast
see the fatality thing you only did half as often, I think it would have been better. It seems
like the fatality thing is really repetitive
but you gain an awful lot of experience from doing it so you feel like you have to do it all
the time.
The other thing that kind of irked me is that you can get caught going in loops
if you don't really understand where you're going or what you're doing. Like
the enemies always seem to regenerate in these certain places
and while that can be really good for gaining a lot of experience really fast
it kinda makes you feel like you're not doing anything and so I kinda wish that
at some point the enemies went away and left you alone for a little while so you
can kind of figure out okay where do I go next
and then new enemies come out so I kinda got a little monotonous there
and then my only other complaint would be the lack of save points
I can literally go 45 minutes in the game and not find a single save point
so there really needed to be about twice as many save points as there are so that
was a little bit frustrating
otherwise though those are just you know really in the grand scope of things some
minor complaints I think the game is a heck of a lot of fun if you're if you're
a fan of Mortal Kombat in any way you're gonna like this game because it really
gets into the story better so than any of the movies ever did it really gets
into the story and it does a great job I mean movies there was only one movie
there was two I know you're denying the existence of it but believe it or not
there was a second movie I want back it was so good that they actually made a
TV series too that's that's right huh oh god anyway um just to put in
perspective just how cool this game can be sometimes like I was playing this one
level the last level I was on I was fighting katana jade and Molina all at
once like this level and suddenly katana I don't want to spoil the story but
something happens where katana is taken out of the picture basically and then
it's just jade and Molina and you can like throw them into these traps and
then hit this switch and it goes into the test your might mode from like
Mortal Kombat 1 where you have to really slam all the buttons, they kind of overdo that
a little bit in the game, but it's still really cute that they brought back Test Your Might.
And like, if you do the Test Your Might thing, then you'll like set a fire trap so you can
set Mileena on fire a little bit. Just cute little things like that, I can't believe I
called it cute, but seriously, like little things like that-
Mortal Kombat's so cute! It's not cute anymore, there's no Babalities!
Anyway, or Animalities. Babalities. Friendship!
So Mortal Kombat, I recommend it to fans of the Mortal Kombat series, and just if you
like those action fighting style games, you'll probably get a kick out of this, but if it
doesn't sound like your kind of game, you're probably not going to like it.
You know what else, because that did get released earlier, it was scheduled originally for the
21st, they've got another fighting game coming out that looks pretty good, and I actually
played a demo of it, Marvel Nemesis, Rise of the Imperfects, which is a Marvel game
they actually kind of, it's sort of like an arena fighting game type of thing, but they
They added their own characters with their background stories too, which were really
cool from my side.
It kind of reminded me of Twisted Mel Black a bit, the way they did the stories.
But really fun.
Really quick, the other game I played this week I want to give a real quick review to.
I actually got to play We Heart Katamari, because as you might have heard on last week's
show, Target, some of the Target stores acquired copies of the game and sold them early because
the game's not actually out until this week, so We Heart Katamari is going to be on shelves
this week.
I did get a chance to play it via one of my friends.
I only got to play like the first two levels, but I'm telling you what kids if you liked the first Katamari Dimash
He ain't gonna be disappointed. The movies are just as quirky as they were the first time
It's kind of like the first game was so successful
they gave them a bigger budget to go through with this second game and you really see that they've kind of put more into this
Game and just you know, it's it's more the same but at the same time
It just works. I don't know how else to explain
It just works if you were a fan of the first game. You're like this game
If you weren't a fan of the first game, I don't think there's anything new here
That's gonna win you over. But if you haven't played the Katamari Damacy game
Check this out. It's it's just such a quirky little title
I I think I think you guys get a kick out of it and the music the music not quite as solid as the first
Game, but the music is a lot of fun, too
And that the script is the writing is just as hilarious as it was in the first game. It's great
Katamari fans won't be disappointed
Alright, let's get into some news for tonight.
Starting it off with a little bit of Tokyo Game Show news, and of course, how could we
not mention this?
This has been everybody's gamer blog out there on the internet said something about this.
I'm sure all the other gaming podcasts you guys subscribed to probably talked about this
at some point.
We have to say something about it.
Nintendo Revolution, the controller.
What is this?
The Nintendo nunchucks or something, where you've got the one little piece with the analog
stick and then a remote control.
What's up with this?
What do you guys think of this?
pictures out on our website, oranceandrea.com.
Even though this technically goes into another segment,
actually one of our listeners emailed us, Britney,
who basically agreed with me.
It's like using a big freakin' remote control.
Now Nintendo says, and I think part of the reason
that they're doing this is that they wanna kinda lure in
people that are a little scared of,
when they see a gaming controller, they think,
ah, it's a gaming thing, and I'm not really hip on this.
So by making a remote control device,
uses a remote control they tried this before sort of with a system called the
fairchild channel okay with a little tiny little controller at the top and a
little hold stick that you hold it's a little different but that controller
sucked the whole system sucked honestly so do you think the revolution is gonna
suck this controller well you know the one thing that I say about about a
system a system is only as good as the games that are on it I agree but part of
The game is how it's controlled. That's major part of the gameplay right? There's how you're controlling it. This thing looks uncomfortable
Mm-hmm
Lately my whole big thing has been ergonomics and like I said on our three-hour show
this one
Looks highly uncomfortable. It's you're gonna be holding your wrist
Okay, take your hand hold it straight up turn your wrist sideways and do like you're holding a remote control now
Now imagine holding your hand in this position for an hour, two hours, however long you plan
on playing a game.
Now do you think that that's a natural position for your hand to be in?
Imagine the stress you're putting your joints under.
Now imagine if you are an older gamer, you work at, say, a desk job on a computer.
You're already putting your arm through stress that way.
Imagine the stress you're putting it through with this system that's supposed to help you
relax, have some fun.
You're going to be hurting.
I think it's gonna cause, you know, true medical issues.
Do you think, though, that this will come out
in the testing process?
For instance, something I had brought up
on our three-hour program, we were talking about this,
the three-hour show, Sunday nights,
on orangehonserator.com, we were talking about
this controller issue a little bit,
and I mentioned that the DS at E3,
the year that the DS came out,
it changed from E3 to when it actually came out,
and you said it's a little more comfortable
than it was at E3.
So do you think that maybe after they test this a little bit,
if they find these type of ergonomic issues
their testers they might change this a little bit make it I don't know how they
can drastically without making drastic changes the controller make it a little
more ergonomic but maybe just the way the games play one would hope so one
would really hope so so we'll see but don't knock it till you tried it right
yeah absolutely I mean I'll give it a fair go but honestly I'll get that
little wave bird looking thingy you know something what was that Loki you posted
like a mock-up on our website was this a real-deal picture or a mock-up a lot of
our feedback is a mock-up of a Wavebird controller.
It's something that was the president of Nintendo's development or something like that. They're
talking about how they're going to be adding that. It's just they're going to have a ton
of attachments, which means more stuff you've got to buy, but I'm not saying that the other
systems aren't doing that either, Microsoft, and it looks good. I think it'll work really
well actually. I don't think it's going to be a problem at all. I mean, you hold controllers
in your hand I don't see you know it's just like it's just like a remote
positioning I think I think if it's light enough it's not gonna be a problem
the thing I find remote controls uncomfortable the thing I like about it
though is that you can take that remote control turn it 90 degrees and you've
basically got an old style NES controller and that would be cool yep
so that would be more comfortable but I'm thinking though the intended way
like a remote control and I know this from experience because I played space
ace on my DVD player right and I hurt by the time I was done
I know how this is going to feel and it's not it's not natural but maybe do
you think maybe we're being misled by these pictures a little bit that are
showing it like maybe this won't be the way it actually plays because I can't
see how with your thumb you'd be able to hit that control pad and have you guys
seen the video of this I I didn't have time to download have you guys seen the
from Tokyo Game Show?
Well, describe it for us.
Well, for example, the way that it was shown,
this is the video they showed everybody
when they were unveiling it, is it actually
looks like it's from the view that you're in the TV.
And basically, you're using that as you're not
using the buttons on the controller.
The controller itself, because it acts like a 3D mouse,
is what you're using.
So for example, some of the things that they're showing,
you could say this might be the next WarioWare game.
a guy was chopping using the controller, acting like a knife, and frying stuff like a knife.
I had heard now, I had read that there was a video out there of the Metroid Prime 2 echoes
being kind of played on this setup where they said moving around using the Bluetooth or
whatever it is that's in there that senses where you are in the room.
Well, the way it works is there's two sensors you put on your TV and it basically figures
out, it triangulates where your controller is going to be, kind of similar to the power
glove that came out.
Now the other things that they showed with this is playing tennis you know like you would
be just like racket fishing also you know like sword fighting stuff like that another
thing which could be like in the next Luigi's mansion using it as a flashlight something
like that but then for like first person shooter games they're saying like okay with the analog
or the nunchuck add on there you use the analog to move around and basically the other controller
the remote would be the gun. You would point at what you want to fire at and pull the trigger
button underneath and there you go, you're shooting something. Or you want to switch
your weapon, you know, hit the button on top there. Plus the analog has two buttons on
it as well. Two trigger buttons. So I think it's going to work because really there's
no way it can't work because if something, if you know, a game calls for something else,
they'll build another add-on for it. They always do. So alright. Well it'll be interesting
to see what happens. I'm sure we'll see more and more of this leading up to next year's
E3, which I'm sure will be a big, big unveil.
And here's the other thing, too.
Third party.
I mean, third party's going to be developing controllers.
You don't like this one?
Buy a third party controller.
It's going to look different anyways.
It'll be something you probably want.
All right, we'll see.
All right, if you guys have additional feedback,
you can always visit our forums, orangelaungeradio.com.
There's definitely a thread about this.
They're talking about that.
It's also our poll going on right now on the main page
of orangelaungeradio.com.
Check that out.
Answer it.
What do you think of the Nintendo Revolution controller?
Now the real question is, what color Nintendo Revolution
are you going to buy?
the green one, because they have the green, red,
the gray, the chrome, white, and black.
We're gonna have the red.
All right, also on our main page,
we definitely want to take a minute to recognize this.
There is a banner right there for a fundraiser effort
we're doing for Hurricane Katrina relief.
And it's not just us, we're doing it together
with some other companies in Sacramento,
Dark Records and Club 21 slash Rapture.
And it's a fundraiser for Hurricane Katrina.
Not just money, but what we're looking for is donations as well, food items for animals
is a big thing that we're looking for because we're trying to also raise money and general
awareness to the animal victims of Hurricane Katrina.
So check out the website for more details.
If you're in the Sacramento area where our show is based, there's a lot you can do to
help out with this because you can actually donate at Club 21 on Thursday nights.
Even if you're anywhere in the world, we are taking financial donations, and if you'd like
it to be specifically forwarded to the SPCA for pet relief, note that, and we'll collect
all that money together and send it on behalf of Orange Launch Radio.
So check that out.
We did mention, though, that we are working with Dark Records and Club 21.
Alright, moving on into some gaming news tonight.
a lot of news coming from, uh, the Tokyo Game Show. Metal Gear Solid 4, Guns of the Patriots
is the title, 8 minute long preview for this game. Did you check it out, Logan? I checked
it out. What'd you think? It's interesting, Snake is quite old. Yeah, so it's gonna be
like a future thing now. Yeah. No, you know what I thought was the coolest thing was the
little mini Metal Gear with Otakon on it that they took right out of Policenauts. That was
freakin' cool. Pretty cool. So, uh, that's definitely something to look forward to. I'm
I'm sure a lot of fans are looking forward to the Metal Gear.
I was reading too, a lot of people were thinking, oh, it's pre-rendered, you know, it's crap.
They were saying, though, that they actually, what was it, Kojima, they showed that the
actual presentation was actually being rendered real-time, and they stopped it and panned
of round snake as well to you know kind of stop those disbelievers from posting
crap about so interesting looks good speaking of Kojima he basically said
that Metal Gear 4 will be I'm sorry Metal Gear Solid 4 will be his last but
I kind of think didn't he say the same thing after Metal Gear Solid 3 he was
gonna do another one we have Hulk Hogan syndrome here the man keeps saying he's
gonna retire but he always shows up at WrestleMania well he also now now Kojima
also says that yoji shinkawa who's the art director will be leaving with him so
he's not just saying I'm leaving saying that the art director is going with him
so should be interesting if this really happens but remember this if Kojima did
leave it wouldn't be the first Metal Gear Solid or game that they would do
without him because you might remember snakes revenge on the NES which also by
the way was kind of a bad yeah but that wasn't really Metal Gear I don't even
think he acknowledges it because there was actually a Metal Gear 2 on the MSX
in Japan his direct quote was I decided to make the real sequel to Metal Gear
when he saw set snakes revenge oh yeah all right also coming out of Tokyo game
show those who music game fans are gonna be very pleased to hear that Konami
after a long hiatus is gonna be putting out brand new guitar freaks and drum
Mania games. That's right, Gittadora, as the series is sometimes referred to as
getting the V games released. Don't know quite yet if it's a combo game, but
since we know that all the previous PlayStation 2 releases, which ended at
Guitar Freaks fourth mix and Drum Mania third mix, were combined together. To put
this into some perspective for you guys, Guitar Freaks V, I think is what the
11th or 12th? I lost count. I think it's like the 12th of Guitar Freaks in the
arcade and the last one we got on ps2 is 4 so there's a whole lot of ground to
cover here with these new games that are coming out on the ps2 gonna come out in
2006 in Japan no word yet if the series will finally make a crossover into
America but I think what might make or break that would be Konami if they
watch the success of guitar hero which is what red octane and harmonics are
gonna be putting out pretty soon I believe before the end of the year so
So it'll be interesting to see.
If that does very well, then Konami might try to take back the market that they kind
of created overseas.
It's kind of weird.
Oh, don't worry.
Interesting way it works out there.
They'll take notice.
Alright.
Also, I wanted to point out some Final Fantasy news from Tokyo Game Show.
Final Fantasy XI will definitely be expanding.
Treasures of At-Organ was announced officially, the new expansion pack, to be released with
the Xbox 360, assumably, version of Final Fantasy XI.
Some early preview videos are hinting that Blue Mage will be one of the new
classes because in the video you could see
this is one of the videos I did download, of course, you can actually see
I think it was a human was breathing fire in one of the videos and like
Ataru was shooting spider web using one of the spider's attacks.
Pretty neat looking artifact armor for Blue Mage too.
Also there's another mystery kind of job class, not quite sure what it is, but it looks
like there's another job class in there too.
All you have to do is look to Tactics for your ideas.
Yep, look to Tactics for ideas.
I should have said... I would have... I thought that Alchemist or Geomancer would be for sure,
because I especially thought Geomancer with all the elemental focus and stuff,
but it doesn't look like that's the new class.
World of Warcraft has that.
I know, but...
Blue Mage would be cool.
But, you know, there's gonna... yeah, everybody's gonna be a Blue Mage.
Alright.
So, we will see.
We don't have any details as to when these games are coming out,
but we're thinking, I'm thinking anyway, probably early 2006.
I would say it would be a good guesstimate.
Also, Final Fantasy related.
Now, Jamie, this has to be a Final Fantasy game
that you like, because if not, you're just not human.
Final Fantasy IV will be coming out for the,
now you smiled there, you like Final Fantasy IV, right?
Yeah, the five was better, but I do like four.
Final Fantasy IV is coming out for the Game Boy Advance.
So still some life there in the Game Boy Advance,
it's not all DS right now.
Final Fantasy IV is being ported to the Game Boy Advance in Japan on December 12th.
Um, it will include new areas and get this, new characters.
Uh-oh!
Should be interesting. My gut reaction tells me, oh my gosh, Palom and Porum.
Finally will be able to be unstoned and rejoin your party.
That would be cool.
I think that would be like the perfect, like the biggest fan-pleaser that Square could do.
I know it's cheesy, but what a fan-pleaser.
More spoonie Bartness!
Yay!
So that should be cool.
No word yet if it's coming out in America,
but Final Fantasy's pretty big here now,
and they put out all the other compilations,
one and two.
They can keep putting out, we'll keep taking it.
They'll do, we'll keep buying it.
Come on, the micro's coming out soon.
We'll buy it.
All right, let's get to tonight's mailbag.
Dark Sakura, got some letters for us?
I do indeedy.
All right, if you have letters,
send it to our mailbag, togo, T-O-G-O,
at orangelaundryradio.com.
We love getting your feedback dark Sakura who wrote us today Sasuke sent us an email a question
We've been asked many many times actually just very recently tonight
About how we got our name because he was talking about
Orange lounge, you know the group doing boba moga all the bimani stuff
We were sitting on the part one day. Mm-hmm saying, you know, damn it
We want to do it internet really is a train in the Bay Area. Yeah, I don't know the Bay Area rapid transit. Yeah
And we just came up with the name because it was Bimani because our show was our three-hour show is Bimani related
And that's how we started off
Yeah
Originally the focus of the whole station was supposed to be music based games and that's what our three-hour show we do on Sunday night
Is still kind of an homage to but we're branching out. We want to talk about all the games now
We're taking our kind of brand and we want to expand, you know, that's what any good business does, right?
So orange lounge was just kind of like, you know, you you like something you name yourself after something related to it
So we thought lounge because we kind of lounge around and have that whole Denny's vibe of just sitting around
Coffee and just talking about random stuff. That's kind of what we do. So orange lounge just seemed appropriate
So we've got an email from one of our longtime listeners Asian buddy Paul. Yes
Said I just like to say how much I love the podcast
I used to listen to the live show Sundays, but I can't catch them anymore tier. I so I love it
thank you and
He just got married on his Ragnarok online private server. So congratulations, I think and
Once no nerd you nerd. Yeah
Married in the online game you nerd
Play one of our cage match winning songs. Oh
The cage match we do is part of the three-hour show when we hear the podcast random music and I'd actually answered back saying
You know sort of separate this that and the other you run into all those
licensing problem because our live station is run through live 365 which
pays a lot of licensing fees up front. When it comes to podcasts, can you play
copyrighted music and podcasts? It's kind of a big question mark right now because
you know it's it's kind of a gray area so we don't do it on this. If you want to
hear tonight's winner it was Destination Blackout from Wengan Midnight Maximum Tune.
That's right from Wengan so check that out that'll be on our live station on
on the music show that we did there.
I so kicked Dan's ass in that game.
It was great.
All right, all right.
Any Marios?
Emails?
Yeah, we do.
And I'm just trying to get back to it.
Jaime emailed us.
Our good friend Jaime, who's not Jaime,
sent a link to a game called Dance Praise.
I saw this link.
Oh my gosh.
So this is Dance Dance Revolution,
except it's all Christian music.
DDR God version.
It's like they took a bunch of Christian music labels and put it together, made their own
version of DDR.
Actually, looking at this now, because for a moment I was thinking, oh, DDR, yay, but
it does reverse scrolling.
Yeah, it's kind of, well, they have to change it a little bit or they might get sued by
Konami just like, you know, the folks who made In the Groove got sued.
Honestly, it shows them freaking plan on Konami dance pads.
It's a damn StepMania version.
It's StepMania, is all it is at StepMania.
Probably. But, you know, if that's what you're looking for in a dance game,
I'd go for it, but I don't see this being the next big thing in dance games.
You know, I chalked this right up there with other classic, um,
video games made for retail sales in Christian bookstores.
It makes me think of the...
The Bible Trivia game.
Yep. The Bible Trivia game and Noah's Ark.
I remember the old pair a DDR parody that had the cross shape controller that had the two down arrows. Oh, yeah
Um, I forgot what that was. That was
That was a can stance resurrection
That was okay, whatever
Want to talk about another bad game? They have the friends trivia game. We've got a cell friends tricky
I think I saw that
Here's the here's the best-selling part of it. Hmm it is
um all the menus and stuff and the host is played by the really annoying friend
dress your character yeah she had nothing to do with friends no no no her
her character is not not friend dresser but the character in it I owe the one
who was the girlfriend yeah I can't remember her name I don't watch the show
So the one who had the really annoying one the hi
Okay
Okay, seriously, our listeners are gonna write hate mail for that. Thank you. Hey, I gotta answer it. So all right
Anyway, if you know if that's what you're looking for in a dance game go for it
But I don't think the quality of the game since let's face it
It is being put out by a much much much much much smaller company
I don't think it's going to be that smooth a game, but whatever have fun
Well any other emails that it?
Other than the one I mentioned from about the controller right, but we've addressed that cool deal all right
We'll send us more mail. We like getting mail right Jamie um yes
We do send them send Jamie some email about how much you love her giggling your incessant giggling on this program. I
Am not a giggler
ToGo at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
I'm giggling now because I keep calling you a giggler
I did find something cool internet related though
Oh what's that?
Just a really short thing
For folks like me who like to use Firefox
There's a skin for it called Pipzilla
That makes your top tool bar all fuzzy
And then the background behind your tab is all leopard print
I just thought that people
Where can they download that?
Can we put a link on our site somewhere?
I'll hunt it down again, but the the font and all the buttons and everything look like they're straight out of the Grand Theft Auto
San Andreas is great cute, and they're all bling-shaped and everything. It's cool cute
All right, let's get into some more gaming news. One thing we mentioned earlier in the program was Katamari Damacy
There is another Katamari Damacy game on the way. So I really hope this series isn't jumping the shark yet
But I think it's still got some good life left in it
it's rolling over the shark and absorbing it into its collective we'll
see Famitsu the big gaming magazine in Japan they are reporting boku no
watashi no katamari damashi coming out for the PSP so it's gonna be a PSP yours
in my katamari I something told me train us to boku no is mine somebody told me
it's translate to my my katamari mosh read this three the title again boku no
Watashi no Katamari Dimashii. Yeah Mai Mai Katamari. So whatever. Yeah. Boku no is like
boy saying. Atashi no is like girl saying. Okay okay. So it's like it sounds like
it's little boys and girls saying are Katamari. Not a whole lot known about
this game just yet. Wi-Fi support though is rumored to be in it. Branching
storylines like night and day and other kind of modes like that are gonna be in
it so that would be kind of cool to see. So that is rumored that's being shown at
Tokyo Game Show. I didn't hear if it was playable or not. I just know it's being shown.
It was. It was playable? Lucky. Yeah, there's actually people
saying that the controls sucked on it.
Oh no. Because the... You know it can't be that great. Well, because you can't do dual analogs,
so what it is is it's
the directional button and the four buttons are the two sticks.
I knew it would be like that. And that kinda sucked. Well, the person that was
looking at it was saying that they had hoped that it would have been like the
analog and turning with the shoulder buttons, which would be good.
It is, from what I remember on the plot for it, is that apparently there's some island
that's in trouble that has animals on it or whatever and you have to, you arrive there
on a boat or something and you have to save the animals or something by absorbing them
in gear.
By rolling them over?
I guess.
Getting them into a star.
I guess, I don't know, but that was what I had heard and it was pretty interesting, but
But um, I don't know, I'm all for Katamari coming to the PSP so, hell yeah.
Alright um, one other PSP story I definitely want to make sure we cover at some point also
being shown at the Tokyo Game Show.
You guys know that Suikoden 1 and 2, they are an absolute bitch to find, I mean you
could be paying like $100 for a copy of Suikoden 2 on eBay.
Well guess what?
They are both coming out, again, together on the PSP, this being announced at the Tokyo
Game Show.
Suikoden fans, if you've been dying to play Suikoden 2 for a while, you just can't seem
to get a copy of it, it's going to be coming out for the PSP along with Suikoden 1, so
that's going to be pretty cool.
No estimated release on this, but probably not until next year at some point.
Again, this is only Japan so far, but heck, why not?
Should come out over here too, right?
Just a little bit of translation, right?
We'll see.
Loki, you got some gaming news for us, or, I'm sorry, was something going on in the hack
and crack scene?
Yeah, couple things actually. The first being that the rumored Team Extender, they're actually
creating this video out for the PSP. So you can watch your UMDs and everything on normal
TV and they had a demo of it. What this thing does, and it looks like it's a whole case
replace of it. You basically unscrew the case and pop this sucker on. It has actually a
port to plug in a DualShock controller so you can use that as the controller and then
play your games on the TV that way. You know what's funny is, and this was even just last
night, I had gone back after my trip to IKEA and stopped by to see Dan at Gamestop and
I was saying, they should make a TV tuner for the PSP. Well, wasn't it rumored that
PS3 was going to have a UMD slot in it? That was sort of a rumor but I don't think it's
going to happen. That's what everyone was speculating. It should. It would make sense,
but no. I mean, think about it though, especially with the success that they've been having
with the movies, which, you know, is kind of odd to me. I mean, I understand why they
put movies on PSP, but I don't see why it's so successful. It would make perfect sense.
Because then Sony could like really compete with like DVD, but they would have like their
own version. I think it would be very smart to put it in there. I know. Because then they
can have it okay, you know, you can, if you buy this version of the movie, not only will
you be able to play it on your TV, but you can also take it on the go with you, and,
you know, it's kind of, it would be interesting.
It would be smart, but I don't think you're gonna do it.
But yeah, so this thing is actually being, I guess, beta'd right now, they're working
out the kinks in it, but from the screenshots I've seen it looks good, have selectable widescreen
and pan and scan you know if you want to like fill your whole TV but um it should
be cool I mean I don't think so but um of course it'll stretch it if you know
you try to take it out of widescreen but um you know hey I'm all for modding my
PSP so I'm interested about resolution when you get into high into larger
high-definition format and how about support for widescreen TVs huh I don't
know I'm just saying well here's what it is okay basically if you want to get to
the nitty-gritty of this. The PSP already has a video out on it. It's the USB. Because
when you're playing your games, the USB acts like a video out. For those of you who are
very interested in trying to make one, you probably could. All this thing is is just
adding some more support so really that USB port can be exploited to a lot. Anyways, so
So other than this... Who said the term nitty-gritty?
I know, and I'm sorry. I instantly started thinking nitty-gritty-driven.
The other thing, I was going to say, was it,
the site P6, who's doing this kind of a new,
you know, graphic user interface for
the PSP, which looks pretty sexy, but still
working out the kinks on that.
They actually have a tutorial here on how to,
If you really want to mod your PSP, you can change all the menus what their, you know,
titles are.
So you can make it, you know, like UMD as in, you know, movie player or, you know, your,
you know, system settings as I fucked your mom or something like that, you know.
So you can do whatever you want and there's a tutorial on their site and that's pretty
interesting.
There's a link on PSP updates for that and on our site as well once we put it on there.
And yeah, that's pretty much it. There's some really cool Tetris game that came out called
Hack and you should check that out too, it looks pretty cool. The link we'll have on
our page as well. Oh, oh, and how did I forget this? Ceramic PSPs came out, the white ones.
Don't drop it. Yeah. The new white ones, and they fixed some of the button issues with
the bottom buttons, you know, your home and start and stuff. They raised them up so you
you can access them better and they fix the square button problem and I think
those are only available in Japan right now but I think they're also over here
pretty soon cool sounds good yeah Dark Sakura what kind of gaming news do you
have for us tonight I've got a couple things about Final Fantasy actually
dirge of a service oh cool been trying to hunt down a release date because I
I want my Hot Vincent action.
And it's speculated the date tentative in Japan
is sometime in 2005, no US release date yet.
They did however.
Which means next summer.
Yeah.
But you know, with every Final Fantasy game
that's practically ever been out,
except for like what, four when it came out,
we're gonna get more stuff.
And they're gonna release an international version
and they're gonna get more stuff
and I'm gonna have to import it
and it's gonna of course be in English.
So they better have someone Hot do Vincent's voice.
Anyway, um, ooh, could you imagine, um, great, now I can't remember his name, uh, Boreanus.
David Boreanus.
David Boreanus, doing Vincent's voice.
He's too busy doing, um, Squall in Kingdom Hearts.
That's almost all already done.
I know.
I'm just saying.
Yeah, Kingdom Hearts 2, also.
Whoa.
Which I got to play at E3.
The nice guy at Boyinavista played a lot of it so I could take pictures, which are on
our website at Orangetownsradio.com.
Hey, hey, blog, blog.
Anyway, but they released some of the concept artwork for some of the enemies in the game.
The deep ground soldiers who go underground after the meteor incident, we all played Final Fantasy VII.
There's a Sahagin, Gargoyle, those are some of the things.
And of course, looking at a movie file, which Loki was kind enough to show me,
it looks like it's going to be an over-the-shoulder perspective, sort of first-person shooter-y-ish.
but it looked like it actually sort of made me think a little bit like it's
like Devil May Cry featuring Vincent mm-hmm sort of the like that that's not
a bad thing no but there better not be any freaking
era than a girl scream hate her also speaking about the Final Fantasy 7
franchise was reading an interview from our friends at one up calm mm-hmm with
Tetsuya Nomura, who's as we know the director of Kingdom Hearts 2 and Final
Fantasy 7 Advent Children, stating that he very much wants to sort of expand on
the Final Fantasy 7 tech demo and completely remake the game. I've said this on
previous podcasts, I highly speculate it's already in the works and they're
just keeping a real tight lid on it. I think it's gonna be a surprise at next
E3 but I I don't know I might be wrong what can you do all we can do is wait
but I'll tell you if it's if it's out I know which of those systems I'm getting
first mm-hmm that's all there is to that know what else is coming out for the
ps3 hmm remake of Gradius oh I heard I had a story cued up on that you're
sorry all right no no no it's a wonderful transition into your part even
Even though I have something else.
That's alright.
I'll get back to you here.
Let me get the story I have here.
I'll go cry in my little giggling, ditzy corner.
Gradius.
Gradius will be coming out on the PlayStation 3 coming out of the Tokyo Game Show.
There really isn't a whole lot else to say except Gradius is coming out in a brand new
PlayStation 3 form.
What else is there to say?
It's Gradius.
It's PlayStation 3.
It's going to be very sexy, especially if some of the famous Konami musicians, such
as Kiryamoka or some of the other people they have there, are doing the music for it.
It will be very sexy indeed.
Sign me up.
Thank you.
Gradius is de-hot.
Alright, that was all I had.
And Jamie, you also said what I was going to on Final Fantasy VII, but that's okay.
I don't mind.
Share the wealth.
Hey, if it's Final Fantasy VII, it's alright.
But if it's Final Fantasy XI, I'll handle it.
can handle the cracks. There's also speculation, according to Bloomberg.com, you know, financial,
blah, blah, blah, that Konami and Capcom may be Japan's next big merger. That would be
weird. And to quote my, it's so weird saying husband. I'm so married now. But he was saying
were they going to be called Capcom? Capcom. Oh, that would just be weird. I don't know.
Those I don't see it happening. I don't either but a lot of these companies to do a quote in here
from a
Takashi, oh yeah, who's an analyst with
joint securities in Tokyo
So companies like Taito Bandai and Namco are not merging because they are facing the financial ruin
They're looking three years down the road and thinking this might be a strategic choice
Hmm, and if these big you know because Taito Namco all those are really freaking huge
I know it's so weird that all these game companies are suddenly like it's like we have they're forming into the giant mechatron
we have Sega Sammy and
Which is weird all in itself, but be very few, but I mean honestly
You're taking your fourth largest and sixth largest video game manufacturer
Mm-hmm and think of how big that's gonna be huge be huge and both of them have very popular franchises to neither make a man
Castlevania no I mean we might get DDR with Mega Man who knows be interesting
I know the weird thing is when I read this story I didn't read it on
Bloomberg.com I read it on a gaming site that was referring to that article I
interpreted it as Konami and Capcom were both looking to acquire new companies I
didn't quite get that at first that they were looking to acquire each other I
think that would be kind of weird there's another comment in here that
sort of bugged me. I'm just gonna read this little paragraph here.
What's that? Konami is trying to break its reliance on the video game business,
where earnings depend on hit titles, and find new revenue sources by expanding
into toys, sports club, arcade machinery, and casino businesses.
Which actually, you know, I saw a number of Konami-made
slot machines when I was at the casino a couple weekends ago from my
my honeymoon. And Konami has always been into fitness equipment. I mean, they're
even working on a mock-up of DDR to be used as a fitness, as a basically
automated aerobics machine. Right. It's been a few months since we've heard
anything on that. I wonder if that ever came out or what. I saw the mock-up on it
and there's there's another one I want to read here too, a quote by Yuta
Sakurai, who's an analyst with Nomura Research Institute in Tokyo. Konami
which took a break after three years of aggressive expansion is now back into
attack mode possibly reviving their acquisition plans consolidation is
gaining pace and music movie broadcasting companies that internet
portals are possible partners hmm so yeah looking at this from the business
side that actually does make a lot of sense and it's it's saying on here that
speculated target for Konami is Capcom. Interesting. Right now, Konami is number
four, Capcom is number six. It makes financial sense. All right. See what happens.
That would be kind of... just be weird. We'll see though. We'll see. That would be like
taking my heart and breaking it in two and putting it back together. Why? Because I
love Konami and I love Capcom and seeing, you know, it's like having... it's like
Like having hamsters, you know how if one of your hamsters feels like it's threatened,
its babies are threatened, its assets are threatened, it's gonna go kill the other hamster
and eat it.
It's true!
Hamsters do that!
I know, I know.
It's not the best analogy, but you know, it's dog eat dog in this case.
Hamster eat hamster?
Hamster eat hamster.
Alright.
Anything else for us, DarkSakura?
No, all right. I like fire. I know you do
I know you do you like to do, but that that's when you truly giggle is when you set things on fire
Oh, yeah, all right, but only when they scream
Zeno saga
Zeno saga is coming out to the Nintendo TS
Zeno saga one and two specifically no it's not going to be the full-blown
3D movie element that you see in Xenosaga. No, they're gonna redo it all
cutesy anime style in a 2D isometric type style, but still, that's kind of cool.
I mean, to remake a game that was out on the PlayStation 2 and just kind of like
remake all the graphics and all the stuff behind it, and it's still gonna
have cutscenes, it's just gonna be done differently. Well, they're gonna remake
that into a DS title, Xenosaga 1 & 2, that also coming out of Tokyo Game Show
from Monolith Soft. Should be very interesting. Xenosaga episode 3, by the way, is coming
out for the Playstation 2, if you were not aware. Alright. Loki, did you have anything
else for us tonight? I saw you had a story up there, so I'm curious.
I'm just looking at some of the stuff that they've been showing at, you know, Tokyo Game
Show. Just some of the new games that look really awesome. For example, they were kind
showing some of the high res pictures from some of the tech demos we saw at E3 like Motorstorm
which looks freaking awesome, it's like burnout meets off-road racing.
My favorite though is just some of the detailed shots that they've been showing for Metal
Gear Solid 4, just the amount of detail that's in this is incredible.
The other game that looks really cool is the, what was it, Ghost Recon 3 Advanced Warfighter.
Some of the stuff in there actually looks like CNN footage.
That's how detailed it is.
And also, what really scares me is they're talking about making it a little in the dark
for the PS3, so that might give Ooey Bowl some inspiration to make another movie.
We can't have that, so I hope not.
Yeah.
Alright.
I got one more story for you guys tonight then.
It's a brand new piece.
This is usually the type of thing you talk about, Loki, but I'm stealing this from you
tonight.
video via your PSP. A company called Hori is making a brand new PSP accessory. Basically
what it is, it's a little rectangle looking device and what it does is you can hook it
up so that you can record video straight onto your memory stick. So that's pretty much it.
You can record video using your PSP right onto your memory stick. About $115 is what
it's going to cost. That's 12,800 yen coming out in November in Japan.
that I think about, I think it was Hori that made those GameCube pads that I
have that are like the Super Nintendo ones. Oh. But I mean, a lot of this, you know, I
think that's going to be actually a really good product. A lot of the stuff
that they put out was pretty good. No word yet though if that's going to come
out in the U.S., so you guys may have to import that device if that sounds
interesting to you, wanting to record your own homemade movies on PSP. But
remember, if you're making adult films with your PSP, don't leave it where
people are going to find it because they'll get put all over the internet
like you know the celebrities like Pam Anderson and stuff. On that note that's
going to do it for tonight's episode of Orange Lounge Radio To Go. Thank you guys
so much for tuning in, subscribing to us. Tell somebody you know and you love
about Orange Lounge Radio and and help spread the word. In fact, tell somebody
you hate about Orange Lounge Radio. TEEHEE, TEEHEE, insert bad joke here. That's right.
and a reminder to check orange launch radio.com and check out our Hurricane
Katrina relief we're doing with the other Sacramento companies Dark Records
and Club 21 and we'll see you guys next time here on the podcast final thoughts
Loki there's a funny website Rockstar made to kind of hit back at Jack
Thompson. It's called Citizens United Negating Technology dot org. And for those that aren't
too witty out there, that would be the acronym CUNT.
Thank you. Thank you for that.
And it's quite funny. It's basically a parody of, you know, just the Jack Thompson argument
and the first thing that pops up is, welcome to our site, turn off the internet. It's funny.
There's a whole bunch of emails or fake emails I should say that are on the Liberty City
Stories webpage so go check those out as well.
My final thought is I'm still craving a milkshake now that you both had them during the three
hour program earlier this evening and I didn't.
I'm suffering before it comforts you.
Not really.
Not really.
Darkstalker, your final thought.
Two sort of final thoughts.
I'm correcting myself.
It wasn't police knots that had the mini RC lookin' metal gear like Otacon was using.
It was Snatcher, which is another Kojima game that was on Sega CD.
Good luck finding it.
And your second final thought?
Reject false icons.
Of course.
I'm gonna go ditz my way off now.
Alright, have fun with that, and from us to you, have a great day, afternoon or evening
whenever you're listening to this, and we'll see you next time on Orange Lawn's Radio To
Go.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition. This podcast is a
proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com. See you next update!
