Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition week of September 12th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
Your podcast host for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
Hello, everybody!
Welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio To Go, that podcast dedicated to video games, gaming,
and video games that don't suck my name is Rob Roberts you might know me as Sky
joining me as always my awesome co-hosts say hello to the one and only Dark
Sakura uh brains you sound like you're in a good mood
maybe been playing a little too much Resident Evil no I didn't play with my
puppies and I was I went to Dave and Buster's last night fun fun times you
have to fill us in just a minute here but first let me introduce the one and
only tech master Loki I'm here how you doing I'm good good all right usually
We like to start off the show with a little bit of how was your gaming week? What do you been playing?
Let's get right into it dark soccer. What do you been playing this week puppies?
Everybody puppies have you been good about it you actually going in there every day
Yeah, and I walk my puppies and clean up their poopy and I make them eat catch frisbee and earn me money
So I pimp out my puppies to the frisbee people
Do you think the game is starting to get to the point of it's getting a little irritating having to go in every day?
No, no, cuz that's what some people are bitching about. I'm hearing well
And they you know never had a virtual pet before and ten dogs was not for them
They never carried around their pocket Pikachu damn it I
Also, but I went to Dave and Busters last night and played battle tech for the first time mm-hmm
Yeah, they gave me a headache made me want to throw up now describe battle tech for those who may not know you get in
these pod things and basically it's like you're in the cockpit of a mech and
You go around killing people
I didn't like it maybe because they it's one of those games where the screens up
on top and it reflects onto a concave mirror oh it's weird and it just oh it
totally messes my sense of motion sickness I played one in the midnight
maximum tune last night and completely owned my husband so weird saying that
your husband ten days and I still have trouble writing my last name I haven't
into the DMV yet either. I also played a bunch of ticket games and that was really...
State Busters is the one place where playing ticket games can be cool, not like Chuck E.
Cheese. Yeah, I was trying to save up enough to get new mugs but they didn't have any mugs
so I just saved my tickets. I had enough to purchase an Xbox game or a PS2 game but I
just, I didn't. They were cool. I thought about getting that racing game that Rockstar
puts out the Midnight Debeditions? I can never remember. Midnight Club 3 Debeditions. If
you want to play that, I've got it, I think. Eh, maybe I'll borrow it and check it out.
I need a good racing game. Now that I've given you back your copy of Silent Hill 4. Awesome.
I need to play through that. Anyway, anything else? Puppies! Alright, Loki. So, I've been
playing Burnout 3, as per usual, and then I got a copy of Burnout Legends for the PSP,
So I've been playing that just to tide me over until I get burnout revenge this week
Which I have on pre-order and already paid for and that one's gonna be awesome and burnout legends is cool
It's kind of all three games of the original three put together plus, you know
bonus stuff and
I love it. I love you haven't shut up about this burnout game for like two months and then
Then other things I've been playing Nintendogs. Of course. I have to take care of taco
which I do find it a little annoying just because he's always hungry no
matter how often I check it's like damn my dog never got that hungry I mean why
can't you just leave the bowl out for him to eat the damn food and just leave
it there I mean my dog never went through a bowl of water that quick I
mean what the hell the water should be free why the hell that the buy water
because your puppies need special water oh fuck by the dog store you have to
special water you have to walk to the discount store and get it for you know
uber cheap I want to why isn't there a store where you have to buy toys you have
to find used toys in the street I mean is that a little weird that's all that
crap um my friend got a Dalmatian that's cool yeah I heard Dalmatians were
unlockable in it but found the fireman hat lucky got a Dalmatian just in the
street somewhere Lana um she found you have to if you walk around the top
perimeter uh-huh then you get more rare stuff oh interesting the further away
you go from home the better stuff you know what the hell are those packages
that I'll be walking also there's a box sitting on the ground you have to shake
your leash over it pull your dog back and he'll grab it and open it use the
leash to pull back I was shaking the hell out of my dog you thought that was
like trying to kill it or something the fucker wouldn't pick up the package I've
got two dogs I have I'm as well Welsh Corgi and I have Menchie who's a she but
You know, I didn't realize I have anime dogs now, both of them, and they're both like fish sticks from the trash can.
I have Oscar, my wiener dog, who has a Mario hat now, by the way, which I found in the street.
I have Taco, who has a spike collar and news hat and some sunglasses.
So I stuck with the spike collar because that was the least gay of all of them.
I have the Japanese style collar on Menchie.
I don't know, but anyways, other things I've been playing. I've been playing this game.
I tried it out today. It was a dream TV. I want to say it's like dream mix TV
World fighters and it's like all these different characters from Konami games Hudson's
Hudson games and
And Takara games and it's like you can do fights against it's basically like Super Smash Brothers
But you can play as like Simon Belmont versus
Octomus Prime! I mean, come on, that's crazy. That's rad, and Octomus Prime turns into a truck and runs over people.
I find it funny, well, Takara is actually, Takara is a toy maker.
And they're the ones who put out Transformers and like, Leekachan, the little Barbie doll in Japan.
Yep, she's in it. Yeah, Leekachan's in it.
And then Master Higgins from Adventure Island. I hear Bonk is unlockable, so it's pretty cool.
cool. It's great. But it's not a new game, it's been out a little while. It's been out
for a couple of years but it's just really weird and I was like, I got it. Sometimes
we discover these little import gems a little late, so. I know, and hey, well you know we're
not in Japan so we can't do this stuff advertised right away so hey, whatever, it's still good.
And then of course I'm putting more money down on my 360 so waiting for that. So, lots
of stuff. Sounds good. On Gamestop's site they have a thousand dollar like ultimate
bundle. I think we talked about that the week you were here. Yeah, it was crazy.
We were talking to the game publishers about that and they were laughing at how
ridiculous and stupid it is, because most of those games
aren't coming out at launch. I don't know how they're going to get this stuff,
but it's not coming out
at launch. Ooh, ouch. I want to think about that before you pre-order. The games get
delayed all the time. Who is going to pay thousands of dollars for every game?
Just buy them as they come out! Oh my god, I'm not interested in that one.
Like I said, rich people. Rich people don't care. Paris Hilton. She doesn't care. She
just wants her Xbox. I don't even know how to freaking use an Xbox. Anyway.
She can make sausage. Moving on, my gaming week. I played mostly
games that are kind of old. Speaking of rediscovering old games, I bought.hack a couple weeks ago
and I've finally been getting into it this week and just playing through it. It's really
a cool little game. I like the story. I like the idea of an MMO, but it's not. Like, it's
I don't know it's kind of neat
So the idea is if I'm dedicated enough, I'll play through all four parts at some point
But let's get through part one first and see how much love I still have for it at the end of that
Then what else?
For my birthday a late birthday present, but that's alright. I like presents no matter what time of year
It is I got Super Smash Brothers melee from Dark Sakura for the Gamecube
Which is really I don't know why I never picked up this game before I think because like all my friends have it
So I played it to death really but I was kind of sitting there cuz it's been like six months
Since I played it. I was really sitting down with it today and going gosh
This is seriously one of the greatest GameCube games they put out
Yeah, I not just as one of the greatest next-gen games they put out period there
It's just it's such a great game because there's so much to do in it
You need to get all the little pieces and there's out the characters trophies. There's the
Single-player mode where you do the adventure. There's
There's the mini games, the little challenges, hit the targets, there's so many cool little
things that just keep this game going and that's just, oh man, I just love the game.
And I was also rediscovering F-Zero today, oh yeah, I was trying to, because I was hooking
up the GameCube again and I wanted to try out some of these games to support widescreen
TV.
And I'm kind of upset though because Nintendo does not support component cable anymore.
So if I want to hook up to my HDTV I have to use S-video.
S video on the HDTV makes things look blurry compared to the Playstation 2. F0 looked blurry!
And that's kind of upsetting because F0 is a really sharp looking game. It's an awesome
looking game. I went to Nintendo's website to try and find a component cable. They stopped
making them. Third party. And did you... I can't even find a third party cable at Fry's
or anything. Actually I think that Licksync carries them. Maybe that's where I'm gonna
have to go. But here's the other weird thing. Okay, since mid-2004, Nintendo stopped putting
the digital output port on the back of the Gamecubes.
If you didn't buy your Gamecube before,
probably when the 79 price drop or whatever it's at now,
your Gamecube doesn't have this port
and you'll never have the component.
It really irks me about Nintendo's lack of next definition,
or next definition, next generation television support.
If they're gonna go up to the next level
with next gen gaming and we all heard that story
a while back where they're saying
Revolution's not gonna support HDTV,
that really bothers me because,
you know, after launch, a couple years after launch,
a lot more people are going to be buying these HDTVs and they will be
a bigger market share and Nintendo's going to be left out cold. Especially since,
you know, I've got these pictures up of the PS3 that I took at E3
with the two HDMI ports on the back. Oh, very sexy.
Yeah, in case you have two
HDTVs sitting next to each other.
Like every like I I know I have five of them sitting next to each other so that'll be no problem
That makes me think they'll remember the i-link. Mm-hmm, and that probably could be for dual output for multiplayer games
Very possible very possible. So anyway, I still love you Nintendo, but come on get with the times
It's time to start supporting HD a little better and I hope they change their mind on the revolution and and remake the component cables
So while they're at it, they should drop the price on those plasma TVs because they're too fucking expensive
You know, but I got mine at Costco, and it's not that it's not a it's not a plasma, but it's a
HD here's a regular
Costco doesn't advertise. Hmm, which is a very good advantage of buying things from there
No matter how long you have owned something if anything on it goes wrong
You can take it back and they have to take it back for a full refund or replacement. So
Not even if it's ten years
Yep
So we're gamers just like you guys out there listening
So we're just telling you guys where to get the good deal because that's what I I
Felt and I shopped around for HDTV and I seriously felt Costco was the best deal. We like quality for our gaming goodness
Let's talk about some news tonight going into next gen. Let's talk about the next generation Sonic
They teased it a little bit at e3
But now they are officially announcing that they are going to be making a next gen Sonic the Hedgehog games Sega, of course
It's part of their Tokyo Game Show lineup, and Sonic the Hedgehog is going to be coming out for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
No word yet about a Revolution release, but nobody's really talking about the Revolution yet.
I imagine they will early next year.
By the way, Sega's also going to be showing them at Tokyo Game Show a mech game called ChromeHounds for the 360.
Which looks sexy.
And a Sonic Riders game for Xbox, PS2, and GameCube.
cube chromehounds looks sexy I've seen the pictures of what is this I haven't
it's like a mechs fighting game it's just like you know just like armored
core or something like that just really good really awesome looking hmm I got
pulled the screenshots they were looked they looked really awesome so where
what site had the screenshots on that I remember it's not IGN that had the
screenshots this is his monitor comes back up here if I remember correctly it
It was, I want to say the, xbox360updates.com had the screenshots if I remember correctly.
Looking this up right now.
Oh, there it is.
Yeah.
They have screenshots and I'm going to pull one up here in the studio.
Basically they're linking from gamespress.com, a press site.
it looks it looks sexy looks pretty hot
it should be interesting okay a follow-up to something else complain about
earlier dark soccer you were researching and what you find you find
licksang.com about thirty four dollars ninety cents they have GameCube
component cables
$34.90 man that's expensive for a cable
might be worth it check if you have digital AV output port
yep because we have a new GameCube you don't have it
anyway I'm looking for the next-gen Sonic that little video that you were
showing before the podcast look you look very sexy so I didn't get a chance to go
to the Sega theater at this year's e3 because it was another one of those
things that had a line oh no actually the line for the Sega theater yeah I
spent less than 10 minutes in it yeah I when I was looking I was looking to go
in the last day and it just was wrapping around the thing and I just I was I was
around the other side of it less than 10 minute wait seriously
darn you and if you were waiting in line they came by and gave you t-shirts or
plushies but I lost out maybe I'll do it they had this nice home theater
seatings in there by the way oh sorry so sorry and just watching it on that
screen they had oh we're like pretty I didn't play Phantasy Star Universe so
you know that's cool okay I got the I got the okay from the
soon-to-be wife because our wedding day is gonna be about two weeks before e3
mm-hmm she says as long as my company is paying for me to go it's okay you got
permission to go to E3! Yay! Alright! Congratulations. Actually, about Sega, one other thing, just
a little thing, is that, you know, the Sega Ages re-releases? Mm-hmm. The Sega Age 2500?
Gunstar Heroes is being re-released. Cool. Sega Ages. I'm gonna try, actually, I've got
two of them I've got to try out right now. I can't remember what, I remember one of them
was Virtua Racing, the Sega Ages for that, I've tried that, and I can't remember what
the other one is for the life of me, but it was another really good game. I've got Fantasy
Star, Space Harrier, and Fantasy Zone.
I want to check out Fantasy Star. I bet that's cool.
I'll bring it over. We've got to save about halfway through it.
But yeah, it looks really nice.
Nice. Moving on, of course, two very, very highly talked about games this year when it comes to handhelds
are the two puzzlers, Luminous and Meteos.
And, of course, very similar because they are developed by the same guy.
Luminous and Meteos are actually going to be re-released on one handheld system.
So they'll both be available on one handheld system finally. That handheld
system?
A Neo Geo Pocket Color. No. A cellular telephone will be the handheld system.
In other words, wah wah wah. In other words, forget it because cell phone game
ports
suck. It's cute for the nostalgia value for about five minutes
but for the most part, at least here in America, are cell phones. The
cell phone games suck. And the single N-Gage owner out there rejoices.
No, it's not coming out for Engage. It's a cell phone.
They play mobile phone games, though.
Snake for life. Snake was the only good cell phone game.
First quarter 2006 when Q Entertainment will be...
I'm sorry, not Q Entertainment, Gameloft signed the agreement with Q Entertainment
to put these out first quarter 2006. You guys remember, this was something we had
talked about when our podcast first started, I think it was like back in January.
Playboy magazine did a spread featuring the girls of gaming or they had topless blood rain and Melina
Guess what in October? They're doing it again. I'm gonna buy that issue just for the show
Who is the sacrifice who is yeah, I owe the sacrifices you have to make
Who are the characters you will be seeing in?
October's Playboy in the buff the digital buff or whatever one call I feel so stupid talking about this seriously
this is I can't believe it was I can't believe that it was so popular the first
time they're doing it again I I honestly feel sorry they're gonna have the hot
coffee mod uncensored on this I I have no idea but here's some of the games
Jackie who is a cheerleader in Midway's blitz the league
Carla Valenti from Atari's indigo prophecy Capcom's dark watch will have
Cassidy and Tala who was a vampire
female I might add that Cassidy was
killed off in about the first five
minutes of the game her head ripped
clean from her body thank you for
sharing a bit of irony to that last
issue made it on CNN money really whoa
oh my gosh they actually have an article
there is on CNN money yeah hey whatever
make some money huh and of course of
Of course, um, Playboy, uh, Playboy Mansion Private Party will have a couple of their models in the spread.
But, um, Namco doesn't want to be left out. They'll have a character from Hellgate London, and of course, Sony's God of War getting in on it as well.
And what's funny, everybody's joke about this is they're all,
What the hell is Hellgate London?
They're all, we don't even know what that game is.
I've actually never heard of this myself, and I'm kind of reading this going,
Okay, must be some game I just haven't heard of. I can't play them all.
Anyway.
What was the original spread called before?
I don't know.
Digital, I just closed the story.
I don't care.
Don't do any more research on this.
It lowers your IQ.
This is a very interesting story
I think we ought to talk about here.
Because this affects us here in California.
Of course, Orange Lounge Radio,
we're based out of Sacramento, California.
But we do have a worldwide audience.
But this is something that's going on in California.
And California's kind of been known to set the tone
for the rest of the nation sometimes
when it comes to certain bills.
Assembly Bill 1179.
This is the bill that Assemblyman Leland Yee
was kind of behind a couple months ago
when the hot coffee thing was really big.
It prohibits retailers from selling violent games to minors
or else they'll be fined $1,000 for each violation.
It passed in the California Senate by a vote of 22 to nine
and it passed in the Assembly 65 to seven.
So it's now sitting on Governor Schwarzenegger's,
and speaking of feeling like an idiot saying something,
Governor Schwarzenegger's desk right now
waiting to be signed.
He must sign or veto the bill by October 9th.
So no word yet on which way he'll go,
but probably considering the fairly overwhelming support,
he will probably sign this bill,
and it would go into effect January 1st, 2006.
By the way, the bill will also require
the games be labeled as being for sale to adults only by a solid 18-sticker no smaller
than 2 inches by 2 inches on the front of the package.
So that's very interesting because if you think about it, a Game Boy Advance game is
only 5 inches by 5 inches of the packaging, so a little 18-sticker would take up like
half the box.
The bill also makes no mention of the current ESRB system, so the bill defines its own means
of a violent video game saying a video game in which the range of options
available to a player includes killing, maiming, dismembering, or sexually
assaulting an image of a human being. Wow, that goes for all of them. They're very
very interesting. Bye bye, like all fighting games, you know, it's retarded. Very
interesting. It'll be interesting to see what happens with this bill. So we'll see
come the new year because we're expecting that Governor Schwarzenegger is
going to sign it. Mortal Kombat Shallon Monks is going gold. This was a game that I played
a little bit at E3 and I actually kind of enjoyed it. Didn't think I would, but it's
actually kind of cool. It's a neat little, it's not like a typical Mortal Kombat game
because it's more of like a 3D adventure type thing, or I shouldn't say 3D, but a 3D ISO
perspective type game, where you're just going around killing things, which will probably
be one of the first games to carry an 18 sticker, by the way. And that game has recently gone
gold, and it'll be coming out for $49.99 on September 19th. That's next week.
Our UK listeners get it on the 23rd. Very cool.
It's not next week. It'll be a week after Monday.
Oh, okay. Ha! Anyway, and the shows go out on Monday, remember?
That's right. This is a Monday show, remember?
magic of podcasting anyway dark soccer what kind of news do you have for us tonight well
just checking the uk release dates you know um i did see on the 16th uh e6 comes out on
playstation 2 burnout revenge on the 23rd um er the game for pc on the 23rd there's
some pretty neat stuff medios in the 23rd lots of stuff coming out on the 23rd um including
uh, Myst 5, Mortal Kombat, um, Rugby Challenge 2006, and Sniper Elite. There's some pretty
good stuff. Actually, uh, Advanced Wars DS comes out on the 30th there too, as well as
Castlevania Dawn of Sorrow on the 29th. Advanced Wars DS is one of those games I got to pick
up. I've been hearing a lot, a lot of good things about it, so I wanted to check it out.
If you've got the other two, um, it has a tie-in on there. Actually, you get more options
in the shop. Oh, like if you put the Advanced game in the bottom slot? Yep. Very cool! I'm
liking this DS interacting with the other ports good another game is
checking out a yahoo uk and ireland games is a Winx Club Konami is putting
out a Winx Club game oh hooray it's so cute I guess I don't know and then
lastly a date for Animal Crossing DS which is going to be renamed wild world
for a release says first quarter 2006. Wait, so the whole game itself is gonna be called
Wild World in Europe? I think it's a subtitle. So it's Animal Crossing Wild World instead
of Animal Crossing DS officially? However, you know, of course we're getting it in December.
Which is later than it was supposed to be, by the way. I'd rather wait a little bit while
for a better quality. I suppose. I was a little weird with what I saw at E3. I kind of liked,
you know, of course I liked the nationwide wireless thing, but it didn't, I was expecting
kind of a port of the GameCube version, and it really wasn't. It was really different.
So I just, I hope it has that fun factor, because that's really what it's all about,
right? So we'll see. Anyway, anything else? Just up on the Silent Hill movie. Oh, cool.
Let me see, because I found a release date on it, and I'm going to take this as a tentative date because I haven't seen too much official.
According to bloodydisgusting.com, it says...
Great website name.
Well, it's...
I know.
If you want your zombie movies, that's the place to go.
Right.
April 21st, 2006.
I'll be there.
You know I will be there.
Absolutely.
And also there was an article an interview up on IGN
Where it was I can never pronounce this guy's name Patrick Teutopolis
Was stating that the director had told him to make in fact, I'm gonna quote Patrick
I want those guys to look like they are made of plastic which is exactly the opposite of what we try to do usually
usually. They're going for a very surreal, very, this can't really happen look. And
then a lot of what they're trying to do is, they're having to redevelop some technology
for it.
Please be a video game movie that doesn't suck. Please, please, please.
Checking the scenery though, it's at least going to visually be right. Reading the storyline
so far, it's going to be pretty dead on.
We'll see.
All right.
Those of you guys that listen to our three hour program on Sunday nights, Orange Lounge
Radio Live, which is broadcast through our station at Live 365, for more information
check out OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
You heard this.
One of our listeners actually called in saying that on Live Journal he had seen a picture
of somebody who had picked up Wee Hart Katamari from Target this weekend.
Wee Hart Katamari is not supposed to be out until when?
Like later this month.
The 21st.
is when the Wii Heart Katamari was supposed to be on.
So we were curious if Target broke street or if this game, if this image was photoshopped
or what have you.
And on Target's website it says they're not even doing any of the ship, they're not gonna
have the game through their website until the 22nd.
So we looked at the receipt and we figured out which Target store it was that was selling
the game early so we gave them a call.
So here's a clip from the live 3 hour program of what happened when we gave this Target
store a call asking if they had any Wii Heart Katamari in stock.
Keep in mind, um, this was made on September 11th at about 8 in the evening.
**phone ringing**
Electrometers?
Uh, yeah, I was looking to see if you had a PlayStation 2 game in stock.
It's We Love Katamari.
Let me check, hang on.
Yeah, SD?
Those are on the next aisle.
I'm sorry, what was the game again?
It's We Love Katamari.
Yeah, we have one left.
You do have one left in stock?
Yes, we do.
Okay, great.
Thank you.
Uh-huh.
All right, bye-bye.
So get that.
This store actually admitted that they had one left in stock on the shelf.
Go figure.
So some copies of We Heart Katamari are getting out there a little bit early, so hopefully
some of our listeners of the live program ran out there to the store and probably picked
up that last copy already, but we'll see.
I did confirm that at least none of the local GameStops have gotten it.
None of the local GameStops. We actually called some targets around here. One of the targets
around here said that they would be putting the game out on shelves Tuesday.
Yep. Which is very interesting because the game wasn't supposed to be out until the 21st.
So are they doing an early... did the release get bumped up? Who knows?
Not officially. But if you are hearing stories about We Heart Katamari
getting out there early
it is possible. We called them and sure enough they're selling it.
Moving on, let's get to the mailbag.
Let's do tonight's mailbag, shall we? Of course you can always send us an email
togo, t-o-g-o, at orangelaungeradio.com
We only have one email tonight. I'm reading this one, correct? Yes?
Okay, I'll go ahead. That's alright. We got an email from
Aaron C. Is this the same one we read a couple weeks ago?
I think so. Is this the same person?
This makes me very regretful that I wasn't here last week.
I'm sorry. Well, let's read it. Let's see what's on Aaron's mind. This is a follow-up mail.
Seriously, once again, you frothed with rage about parents' responsibilities, totally ignoring the point that consumers have a right to be informed.
To utilize your oft-used movie analogy, let's say Paramount produces a flick called Loki Has Brain Damage.
It goes through the MPAA and ends up rated R for violence, foul language and excessive
retardation.
I always allow my 12 year old to see R rated movies so I let him go.
Now unbeknownst to the rating board, Paramount secretly slips 5 minutes of close up anal
penetration at the end of the credits.
This hot anal action actually means that this film should have received an NC-17 rating.
I didn't want my kid to see this, I had been duped as a consumer.
This is an identical situation to the Hot Coffee mod.
If a parent decides that they will allow their children to play a game rated M, that is not
the same as allowing their children to play a game rated AO.
Get it?
Loki?
Wrong.
That's completely wrong.
Because unlike the Hot Coffee mod, you have to put in external, you have to have a third
party cheat device in order to see it.
In other words, I would have had to purchase special goggles to watch this movie to decode
the image that was on there to see the anal penetration.
That is the difference.
DarkSakura, you wanted to respond to this earlier.
Actually, that is a very good point, however, I can see it both ways.
In one way, let the buyer beware.
There is always a degree of caution that someone has to make with any purchase.
really and I think that when you're dealing with how many different
departments you have with the game publisher being that I know many people
now who work for various publishers you what the what the programmers leave in
is not necessarily going to be found by the testers unless you know you've got
true the testers are playing on debug units and they are meant to break the
game every way they can do everything possible and are given usually a set
assignment for how the game should be played when they're testing it. However
something that is programmed into a game that has had that bit of programming
removed to access it on average is not going to be found. So it is very likely
that nobody except the programmers had any idea that this was in the game and
though some random person it could have been found by some random person who
said oh well look what I just found coding for in the game you know and if
they find it on PC of course you know the PlayStation 1 came after the PC one
when they said oh it's here let's see if it's in here or it could just be a
program I did I that's a very similar thing to what I've always said is that
that the programmers put it in there
and they made a decision to take it out.
I imagine somebody at Rockstar said,
you know what, this is crossing the line,
this is gonna get us an AO, take this out of the game.
And what the programmers did,
instead of actually physically removing it from the game,
they just took out the pointer.
Easier, right?
It's a lot easier.
And it also keeps, instead of having
to rewrite part of the code,
it's a lot easier to remove part of it
and make sure that your game ships on date.
And you know what, and I bet you,
but here's the thing, you know,
so to try and get past this here,
because we could talk about this
until we're blue in the face,
rest assured this will never happen again this is not the first game this
has happened with either
oh no no no bloody roar 3 yeah you put it in debug mode you get
necky you know masturbatory photos of the characters in the game
I'd even talked about last week a little more innocent the hidden song in DDR
quote-unquote
um although some folks have actually sent me an email that linked me to a
thread on DDR freak where
some inside sources are saying that that song is actually supposed to be
unlockable
just nobody's figured it out yet but I don't know if nobody's unlocked it at
this point I don't think they're going to so whatever
but the point is is that basically
it was lazy programming issue and it's brought this whole debate to the front
I think that there was a large portion of Rockstar that didn't realize that this
was going to be found they did not intend for this be found it did
now they're taking the heat for it and rest assured this lazy programming incident will
never happen again because that testing process will be changed to prevent this
from ever happening
to some- a future game because Rockstar's taking a lot of heat for it.
Oh, on top of that.
And, you know, should they, shouldn't they? I don't know.
I mean, I- it's- it's not- not an easy answer because you could say,
were they ignorant or did they know what they were doing? We don't know.
And in the movie analogy, sorry, um, remember The Rescuers?
With the little-
Oh, yeah, they always say they put sex things in the Disney movies and stuff.
And they did in Roger Rabbit.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, but, you know.
but the thing is is that the only way that this would have ever really been
the average eye is going to see it as a blip across the screen right like one time i would
i was watching a cartoon that i used to tape when i lived in alabama i don't remember what it was
and i saw the color changed weirdly i went back and freeze framed it on a picture of the american
flag that the animators just happened to stick in there interesting or even places where there
were missing frames the average person isn't going to see that unless they take an effort
And if this person is saying that they monitor what their kids are watching, obviously for them to go have a third party cheat device, cheat in the game, then go into this, you're not monitoring what your kids are doing.
So you know what, you're the blame still, and you know what, you can't come and bitch about Rockstar saying,
about you know Rockstar saying oh no oh this wasn't supposed to be the game the
game's maturity it's for over 17 you know what adults only is over 18 one
year difference we're talking nothing that's like the difference between PG
and pg-13 there is really no difference and you know what you really should be
monitoring what your kids are watching you shouldn't be playing the games the
first place if you let them go the r-rated movies anyways they're probably
seeing real boobies in those r-rated films and this pixelated representation
of what is supposed to be sex and mind you the Carl Johnson character the main
male in it does not get naked in this because it was unfinished does not get
naked only the woman so it's not even oh my god they saw you know penis and ass
you know it's just pixelated boobies okay and mature rated games like God of
War they have you know non pixelated boobies it's full rendered you know
high-res boobies in there and there's actual sex games in that but do you hear
them complain about this
no why because rockstar they're going to come after but I guess you're fine with
your kids
the reason why is because
you knew that in God of War this you did not nobody knew that there would be the
sex thing
in the game I'm sorry you know calling you know the racist people murdering the
blacks and stuff in the gang violence that's okay but you know
boobies not okay I'm sorry I'm just saying
but in defense though I do think that
Rockstar was at fault. Because of a lazy programmer, yes.
Exactly, and no matter who it is in the company, as long as that game was released
that company has
a legal requirement to make sure that the
product that they put out on the market is exactly what they're advertising.
I agree and that's where I think you're getting a little off Loki is because
that this is the issue the issue is not oh my god somebody saw digitized
boobies
but the issue is is that Rockstar did not tell anyone that was in the game
whereas with God of War
they said yeah full-on female boobies everywhere
K but with this game they said they didn't sell there's no sexy sure you
can blow people's heads off with rocket launchers whatever
but there is no hardcore sex in the game and turned out bonus there was hard
course
X am I am I ever alright as you know because
I'm going to be a parent in a couple years mmm when you buy something that
and trust me I remember fully well with devious little child I was
That's not the end of your responsibility.
There is such a thing called maintenance.
Alright, we gotta, we gotta move on, because we could beat this topic into the ground.
It's just, you know, I hate hearing you. I say from here on out, no more hot coffee,
ever. Or take it to the forums. The only, yeah, put it, go, go to our website, go to
orangellensradio.com. Send Loki a personal email, loki at orangellensradio.com.
I'm just personally sick of these people going, I'm your rockstar, didn't tell me what's in the game!
It doesn't matter, you don't read the label anyways,
because it says don't, no, not suited for kids
under the age of 17, so you're ignoring the label as is,
it wouldn't matter if they said
there was people getting fucked in the game.
It doesn't matter.
Some people, language is their thing,
some people, violence is their thing,
some people, sex is their thing,
and there was certainly violence being advertised.
I really think that in the end,
it shouldn't be the responsibility
of the video game company to censor their product.
However, I do think they should make sure
that the consumer is fully aware
of the product that they're purchasing.
can agree with that alright moving on moving on let's talk about coffee I ever
want to see is the kind of get Starbucks alright let's move on speaking of Grand
Theft Auto San Andreas that re-release without the coffee mod it will be coming
out next week which I suppose as a little footnote to the story look how
long it took for that patch to come out that's how long this game would have
been delayed if they'd gone back and done what they should have done just
just food for thought murder murder in China based on a MMORPG according to the
Beijing Morning Post a young woman has been charged with murdering her fiance
for quote too much time playing online games I think that's it no more online
games for the Chinese ever stop the woman in question apparently got fed up
with her unemployed fiance for spending more time online than looking for a job
so he could pay for the wedding so on August 6th allegedly she did the deed
you know what if I had been spending all this time married to Dan or engaged to
Dan and he wasn't getting off his ass looking for well actually we did spend a
year like that then again he had he had money and that we had the money in the
bank to afford it we could afford for him to not work however you know it had
it had that money not been there and you know I was having to support him or he
was just sitting on his ass I'd left him shit yeah it's because I have a brain in
my head and I use it oh it's just interesting I mean instead of dumping
his ass she shot him or whatever she did say I don't want to know either way
you're without him you know and now you've got a deal with finding a date
when you get out of the prison I guess only they were playing more the hot
coffee mod they would have learned that they can solve their problems by having
no more hot coffee stop right now hot coffee talk is banned from the podcast
all right you know what we I'm gonna make a game called hot cop more than
ever we need some of dark Sakura's advice column because if we stayed
inside and played video games all day long we'd have no time to um get
murdered by our fiancees so dark Sakura has her advice column for us and dark
Sakura what are you going to be telling us about tonight today's bit of advice
is how to drown your co-host of hot coffee oh wait how to escape from a car
hanging over the edge of the cliff number one do not shift your weight or
make any sudden movements to if the front doors are still over land use
these doors to make your escape regardless of which way your car is
2. If the front doors are over the edge, proceed slowly to the rear of the car.
3. Reassess your situation and make your escape. Will opening the rear doors cause the car
to slide? If not, open them slowly and get out. Otherwise, use a steering wheel lock
or screwdriver to break the window and climb out as quickly as possible.
My final piece of advice, I have two actually, either don't pull a Thelma and Louise or make
sure that you have one of those drag strip parachutes attached to the back of your car
so at least when you land it will be softer.
Or how about don't drive off cliffs, that would be my advice, don't drive off cliffs.
Don't drive anywhere but in Colorado.
What?
Flatland.
Don't talk on your cell phone while driving.
Wait a minute! Colorado has the Rockies!
I'm talking about the flat part. It's kind of hard to drive your car up a mountain.
Anyway, there's cliffs on a mountain. Forget it. Forget it.
The only cliffs I care about are Cliff Notes.
Nintendo is going to be moving into the mobile phone market.
No games just yet. No cell phone Mario. No cell phone Zelda.
Zelda. However, on October 17th, Nintendo Mobile will be providing subscribers with
video game related content such as wallpapers, ringtones, and sound effects from the Super
Mario Brothers series. Oh, one thing I should note, this is in Japan only.
Duh, like I told you that. No, but I actually are going to be porting over the classic games
from what I hear. Some classic games are already available on
Cell Phone. Like, I had Castlevania on my Cell Phone, but it kind of sucked. I mean,
Cell phone games cell phone is not the place to be gaming
It you a couple puzzle games are okay because I like that before crisis game
That was pretty fun on the final fantasy. I just saw crisis
I know I don't I don't think I think even before it was gonna suck only be good if they re-release it to the PSP
I just cell phone is not the place to be gaming because you know at least I'm on my phone most of the games are
Java based and it's slow and just a puzzle game works
okay but not a fast-paced puzzle game like Tetris even sucks. I've seen better games on a
freaking graphing calculator. I've seen better games on the Apple IIe.
Loadrunner, kick! Oregon Trail, yo.
Loki, what's going on in the hack and crack world?
Well, um, the group We Are Back is still teasing the fact
that they're going to be releasing a downgrader. This will downgrade everything from 2.0
on to, um, you know, back to 1. And
That's going to be it right there.
Homebrew is going to be loud for everybody and yeah, so anyways, so that's what's going
on there.
They're also having some homebrew contests for PSP games which is kind of interesting
so they have some entries for that that are actually they're kind of plugging on PSP updates.
Some of them look pretty interesting.
Also a program was released the other day actually that you can change the little intro
video on you have a little small clip that plays when you turn on your PSP or
play game or whatever you can change that and they have a demonstration on
there on how to do that as well so you can customize your PSP a little bit more
and other than that really not too much else going on with the PSP now I should
also say oh one more thing I almost forgot they're actually releasing
another emulator of course coming out and that one was for, oh what was it, I don't remember.
Anyways, enough of that. Let's see, other than that lots of homebrew stuff coming out for the DS
because you know the DS isn't to be forgotten and yeah so just we'll have to wait for the down
grader. They're still saying a couple more weeks and then the shit will hit the fan. Yeah.
All right, moving on, a couple last stories here for tonight's, Civilization 4 is going
to be doing a little pre-order program, a special limited edition collector's package,
which has collector's packaging, a CD soundtrack of the game, a keyboard template, a tech map,
and a spiral bound version of the manual, so that's just a special pre-order edition.
Civilization 4, of course, coming out this October.
I'm interested in it. I love, love, love, love, love, love, love the original Civilization
game. Never really got into Civ 2 or 3. Why? I don't know. I think they just, they got
too complex for me at that point or something or just, I don't know. I liked it simple,
and simple graphics, simple, you know, mechanics to the game and everything, so the first one's
my favorite. But, I am very curious about 4 and I'll definitely give it a try. I'm certainly
to see what they've done with the series since 3.
Mega Man is going to be making an appearance at the
Tokyo Game Show in Capcom's booth. The interesting thing is that the game
is called Rockman Rockman, which would be Mega Man Mega Man.
Which game now? It's called Rockman Rockman.
Yeah, it's a remake of the first Mega Man. Yeah, I was going to get to that.
It happens to be it's going to be a remake of the
original Mega Man game is the rumor about what it's going to be but we
don't know exactly what system it's going to be on but they're saying PSP it
is probably and they actually have the site has launched for it I know that
part yeah the site has launched for it let's see if I can pull it up here to
see what the site was it looks really interesting Mega Man's very it's very
cartoony unlike you know the original Mega Man his head is ginormous which I
don't know why they they did it that way but um it's interesting you can actually
make your own levels on it which is pretty cool
wait you can make your own level yeah has a level editor built into it that's
cool that's very cool it's coming out for the PSP and I can't remember the
website but I will find it out and while we're talking and let you guys know
we're almost at the end of show I only got one more story I'll be hurry I'll
Alright, last story here. We always seem to talk about these video games that are being turned into movies.
MTV, hooray hooray, bought the film rights to Midway's The Suffering.
Of course, The Suffering, the ties that bind is coming out very soon. Another one of them kind of scary games.
Executive Vice President of MTV Films, David Gale, says,
We are very excited to be working hand in hand with Midway to translate this innovative
game into an edge of your seat film.
Gaming is such a huge part of the culture for MTV's audience.
It makes perfect sense for us to work with Midway, Stan Winston, and Circle of Confusion
on bringing The Suffering to life as a feature film.
Yes, that's why I think it's interesting that it says gaming is such a huge part of the
culture for MTV's audience, when I can't think of many gaming shows that MTV has aired.
Maybe a special here and there, but in a category on their video music awards, but not really
huge part of the network. Then again, music videos aren't a huge part of the network either.
I think they're referring to their audience themselves.
I suppose. But, anyway. I guess we'll see when we get some stars and directors attached,
but all we know for now is that MTV is producing them. But that's not necessarily a bad thing.
MTV, you know, even though I'm knocking on them a little bit, they've actually put out
some pretty good films. Um, Election, from a couple years ago, is like one of my favorite
movies. It's great. And MTV was actually behind that, so. Go figure.
And one that I like that's coming out pretty soon, um, was it Role Balance? Looks interesting.
Weren't they behind Napoleon Dynamite too?
I want to say yes.
I think so.
Even though that movie kind of...
I like Napoleon Dynamite and all, but dang, they kind of beat that thing into the ground.
With the shirts and everything.
Yeah.
It was funny. It was really, really funny even, but it wasn't that funny.
Anyway.
Loki, did you find it? Otherwise, it's going to have to wait until next week.
It'll have to wait until next week.
Alright, final thoughts. Dark Sakura.
Reject all psychons.
My final thought is...
I don't know I'm gonna go play Silent Hill 4 because I got my copy back from
Dark Sakura thank you. You're welcome. Loki your final thought. Happy birthday to me. That's
right happy birthday to you. And for your birthday I had Final Fantasy 7 Advent
Children leaked to the internet just for you. Oh yeah I forgot to mention that haha. There you go.
Yeah all right have a good night or day or afternoon whenever you happen to be
listening to this everybody. Have a good time. Just have a good one. Have a good
time have a gay old time Loki wants you to have a gay old time and on that note
goodbye that's the end of another orange lounge radio to-go edition this podcast
is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next update!
