Orange lounge radio to go edition week of September 26th 2005
You're tuned in to the orange lounge radio to go edition your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer
Chat now here your hosts dark. Sakura sky and low
Hello everybody and welcome to another week of orange lounge radio to go your home for gaming news gamer
chat
We are that radio station and that podcast dedicated to what gamers really want to know about and this is the home for games that
Don't suck. Although sometimes we have to talk about the games that do suck
But only to tell you to avoid them because we're nice. We're your buddies here at Orange Lawns radio
We just want to be your friend and I got some friends with me in studio tonight the usual and customary
Co-hosts that we know and love say hello to dark Sakura. Yeah. What up? How you doing?
I am doing remarkably well tonight good good to hear Loki. How you doing our tech master Loki's here, too
I'm good. Good. All right. Well, let's get started. We're gonna do actually no
I do have one announcement because this is major I have two announcements. I keep thinking of new announcements one
Definitely check out our website orange lounge radio.com on the website
Sacramento independent audio for Katrina relief that drive is still going check it out. It's us dark records and Club 21
some businesses in Sacramento where this show is based but we're doing a
worldwide effort because our podcast reaches worldwide to help raise
awareness really and funds and donations for not only the human survivors of
Hurricane Katrina but animals as well definitely a very important group that
needs our support so check that out it's a big banner right on the top of
orangelawntrader.com second thing I want to announce we're gonna be doing some
giveaways on tonight's show. We already gave something away on our live three
hour show this week. We're gonna do it again and we're gonna have some more
details about that and how you can win a PlayStation 2 game later on in the
program, so stay tuned for that. Alright, that's all I have for announcements.
Now we can get into what have you been playing this week, your gaming week,
what's going on in your gaming world, Dark Sakura? Well, while my husband's
been out of town at the GameStop Manager Conference in Texas, I've
I've been trying to entertain myself as best as I can.
Lots of Nintendogs, been playing lots of World of Warcraft,
which is excellent, and actually hopping over on the name
and playing Puyo Puyo, Blazing Star, Pole Star,
Metal Slug 5, Kix, I love Kix.
I love Kix, I wish they would have done
a newer version of that.
I mean, I know it's a simple game, but Kix is just awesome.
And at some point, I'm actually gonna be
hooking up our PC Engine Core Graphics to play more Legend, uh, more Valkyrie Densetsu.
I want to come over sometime because I don't know anywhere else where I could play this
except your house, which is the Walkin' Talkin' Video Game Museum. I want to play Alien Crush.
I have it. I have this urge for some Turbo Graphics. I have Alien Crush and Devil's Crush.
You know, I want to play the Crush games, I want to play Splatterhouse, and I want to
play Bonk. So we need to have a Turbo Graphics night, and I know you would have it all day.
You know what, we need to, if I need to get two more controllers, but we hook up the multitap
and it's all about four player Bomberman.
I'm down.
I have Bomberman 94.
Alright.
We got to do that.
Alright.
We can talk about that on a future podcast.
And Marathon Dracula X.
Alright.
Hold on.
Speaking of kicks, I have to ask Loki real quick.
Arcade Infinity in LA, which has a lot of import games, a lot of Japanese games.
I remember one time we went there, I think we took a random trip to LA like last Christmas
or something, and there was a game that you were playing nonstop that was very much like
kicks except it was a woman's dress and as you would trace the lines around the
woman's dress I guess it would fall off or whatever it was what was that game do
you remember I don't remember the 3d game was because there they had a 3d
game that was one of them that was playing but the other games that I play
I still play religiously on when it will when I have the damn PC for my main
cabinet gals panic of course of course miss world was the bastardization of
crap I mean but the other one the 3d one I don't remember what's called but that
was a lot of fun too that was a little different I actually played think all
the way through that twice when we were there the last time cool anything else
in your gaming world I'm actually heading down a copy of that show I
Nikki what's that interesting little shooter game that has like muscle men in
it okay like these fantasy looking care it's it's it's in the family of Parodius
as far as the type of game but it's what guys it's really weird it means super
big brother okay um the first in the series had these two sort of fantasy
looking characters and they would fly around and shoot things and and later on
they had these two just really it's hard to describe them but they were shiny
muscle men and speedos who would go around shooting stuff they even did a a
real life like how Mortal Kombat was wasn't the stop animation not not like
pit fighter yeah motion capture but not no not really motion capture because
they were yeah they were kind of like that where you take the pictures of
people in different poses and then you animate them and pit fighter is one of
least favorite arcade games of all time but they actually did and even the
enemies were even you know actors and everything it's kind of neat game okay
sounds crazy it's crazy and I've been hunted down I also need a copy of a
chatting proteus well I've got sexy proteus if any of our listeners can help
dark soccer out send us an email and hey if you want if you want to see me slap
down a thousand dollars on a video game find me a copy of rainbow cotton not
I got Rainbow Cotton, Panorama Cotton, that was out on the Sega...
I've heard you talk about this game before. What's so great about this game?
Okay, the Cotton series of games, we actually got one in the States on Neo Geo Pocket Color.
It's about a little witch who's addicted to this candy called Willow
that makes her puke. And it was a side-scrolling game,
but, and for anyone who has a Dreamcast, Rainbow Cotton was the one on Dreamcast,
but this one is a behind-the-view one.
The really cool thing about it on the Genesis, first of all they only made something like 600 copies, so it was a very limited edition.
And it had really advanced scrolling techniques that you really at the time could only see on Super Nintendo.
Wow, alright.
Just as I say, it's the Gens emulator, it's the only one I know that will run it, but if you find the ROM of Panorama Cotton, give it a try.
Not Panorama, but yeah, Panorama Cotton.
Okay, I have to see this just for the the witch who's puking that sounds kind of weird
I almost cosplayed her one year. I actually I will bring over my my
Boot disk and my copy of a rainbow. I check it out. I'll check it out. All right, Loki
How's your taming week been I played burnout revenge again?
Yeah, I played every break every break because we've got a race of cars and blow up and crash and all that fun stuff
It's just a good, you know, I aggression release
Anyways, I got to play that
Other than that really not too much else. I intended to play a lot of games, but just didn't get around to it
I'm probably gonna be playing some more games this week. I'm definitely gonna try playing graffiti Kingdom
I want to try out RPG maker 3 because that looked really interesting when I saw the stuff for it
And I love the ones on the PC
Which they actually did release a US version of RPG maker XP an English one just came out and
So that's worth checking out if you like making your own games
games. But other than that, I really haven't gotten to play that much. You know I was disappointed?
I looked at Best Buy and said I was trying to pick up a copy of Midway Arcade Treasures
3. Not to be found. Anywhere. Isn't that out this week? I don't think it's out just yet.
Oh that's right, it is coming out this week. Way to go! Actually, I went by the Agitech
booth at E3 and got CRPG Maker 3 in action. Oh, what'd you think? Pretty cool. It has
so much customization in it. It's crazy.
Cool. So yeah, I'd say that's gonna be a worthy purchase.
Still working on the RPG for us, still.
Alright. Never gonna finish it, but it'll... Orange Lounge the game.
Better than Sky's voice the game, wouldn't you think?
Yes, yes. That's an old ass live show joke. I have to bring it up.
I know, it's like two years old, that's alright. Did play some more Burnout Legends
and that game's still fun. Burnout, Burnout, Burnout, Burnout. I'm gonna play other things
and burnout this week, I promise.
You know what, actually my week wasn't much better because I pretty much played games
I've already talked about on the show, so I don't have a whole lot else to add, sorry,
you know, the usual Final Fantasy XI.
A lot of Weheart Katamari, because I picked up that game this week, and I just been playing
the shit out of it.
I mean, honestly, if you liked the first game, I love some of the things they did with this
game.
I know on the three-hour show tonight you you expressed your difficulties you're having with we heart katamari
But I'm saving this I save this just for you
There's a stage in we heart katamari where you get to roll around a big ball of fire
It's like fire
It's a giant ball of fire and the goal is to take this fire and light a woodpile on fire and you roll over
Objects to make your ball bigger except it's the one stage where you can't roll over people for obvious reasons
Yeah
If you do hit people though, they catch on fire and they run away screaming and they'll jump into ponds and rivers and stuff
That is excellent. So does that redeem the game a little bit for you? It's not the game
I'm mad at I know I'm mad at everyone talking about it
Well, I had to it was a big part of my gaming weekend deal deal
I gotta mention one more thing what you know how you got moral combat shell and monks. Yes
Before it's supposed to come out
Was it really? Yeah, it wasn't supposed to Street until the 21st and midway
I got Midway in trouble and that was fun.
Really?
I snitched some of them.
You snitched?
What happened?
No, um, they don't know.
They don't know, but it was not, it was not supposed to be in stores until the 21st.
So...
Well lucky me I guess, huh?
So it was once again one of those things that I got at our purchasing department to call
them and Midway's like, what, I don't even know what happened.
So they got some explaining to do.
Hopefully some explaining will involve free games coming our way, but I doubt it.
Midway, I remember back when the show first started, Midway was one of the first gaming
companies to put us on their press list and stuff, so I hate to see Midway in trouble
because there's some nice people that work there.
It's just an error, it's a warehouse thing, you know, everyone makes mistakes.
Moving on, let's talk about some gaming news going on in the world right now.
We're going to start off with this, I think this is pretty big.
Dragon Quest VIII has a street date, Dragon Quest VIII will be coming out November 22nd.
What else is happening November 22nd?
This is coming from a gaming website here, they actually just, I don't know if they just
changed it or what?
Well if they just changed it, cool, otherwise it's December.
Well Dragon Quest VIII, they are saying, they sent out a press release saying that they
are putting it out in November on November 22nd because that's the same day that Xbox
360 launches.
Now here's the other thing that they're going to try and put a den in it with.
Dragon Quest VIII will come with a playable demo, Final Fantasy XII.
So that's...
Cha-ching!
Exactly.
I think that's the change.
I think that's what happened is now they're putting in this demo of Final Fantasy XII
to try and take a little bit, even though the Xbox 360 is going to be huge, a little
bit of attention away from that.
The only gripe I have about this game is it's done by the same artist that does Dragon Ball
Z, and I hate Dragon Ball Z.
I hate it to death and it just looks like Dragon Ball Z the game again
but I'm sick enough that I will buy this just for the demo. Here's the thing though
there's nothing coming out really the week of the 22nd
there is about 500 titles coming out in the week of
the 15th which is annoying as hell for people you know that are preparing
because all the 360 launch games are coming out that day
or the week before which is nice because I get mine shipped early but
I understand though because they all want to cash in on the day after
Thanksgiving I mean you have to you have to have your games out by then or they're
not they're not gonna be a part of the Christmas season you know unless you
release them but every day you lose between November 26th or I don't know I
don't have a calendar for a lot of good games coming out that that day King Kong
the 50 cent game you know stuff like that all right cool um let's move on I
want to talk about contests we're gonna give away some free stuff we already
gave away this tonight we're giving away one more and what we're giving away it's
It's a copy of the Dance Dance Revolution Extreme II V-Rare, and to sweeten the deal,
we're also giving away of the DDR Max II V-Rare.
Now, DDR Max II came out two years ago, but the V-Rare, you can't find it now.
So if you don't already have a copy of this V-Rare, this is one of the only ways you're
going to get it, short of eBay.
So we already gave one away on the live show tonight.
Congrats to FireBoma, who won the dual pack of V-Rares on tonight's show.
We're gonna give away one more for our podcast listeners now if you guys entered on the live show this week
You are already you're rolling into the other sweepstakes for the rest of you guys. It didn't listen. Here's your chance
Free stuff at orange lounge radio.com. All you have to do is send an email to free stuff at orange lounge radio.com. There are no
What would you call that? There are no restrictions other than multiple entries multiple entries
We will catch you and we will disqualify you completely one entry per person, please
And there's other no strings attached to the contest. You just send us an email. You don't have to send us a
I don't know. No zombies apply. Yeah, just all you have to do is send us an email. It's that simple
We'll pick one. We'll give it away and it's not the last time we're gonna be this
We're gonna be having some more kick-ass stuff coming your way more games and stuff. Absolutely
We're starting to get the hookup. So we're gonna give away more games throughout future podcasts
got it I guess I'm on the way all right here's the other one now this one you do
have to work for a little bit because this is a definitely something of value
this is a copy of in the groove it's a dance game for PlayStation 2 and dark
Sakura Loki and myself have all actually and I just dropped it on the ground we've
all already this is this is not a face it's not a sealed copy because we've all
autographed it among other things okay we put our own spin on this copy of in
the groove. Just look at the inside cover. Yes, we're giving it away to a lucky listener.
However, this one's a little more complicated. You have to show your poetic side. You must
send your best haiku about in the groove to this email address, haiku at orangelawnsradio.com.
For those of you guys that can't spell, that's H-A-I-K-U at orangelawnsradio.com. But there's
There's a twist!
Even better!
It's not a 5-7-5 haiku.
Jamie, what's the twist?
It's 5-7-3.
First line must be five syllables, second line seven, last line three.
The Orange Lounge Konami format.
And now, and if you get that joke, congratulations, you're a nerd, okay?
But it's a 5-7-3 haiku about In the Groove.
We will pick the favorite, read it on the podcast, read it on the air, and it's gonna
win this copy of In the Groove.
we might throw some other stuff in there too to sweeten the deal so maybe you got
one week deadline is Sunday night kids so get those in all right dark Sakura
you know what last week we had such a great show last week didn't we we were
we were really busy last week talking about all right we forgot dark
Sakura's advice column last week we were just on a roll with all the other stuff
so we're making it up to dark Sakura by letting her do her advice column early
on in the show tonight right after the giveaway when everybody's paying
attention and remember guys we do this because we can't talk about video games
all day long because if we if all we ever did is talk about video games all
day long we'd have no time to deface PlayStation 2 games and give them away
no although it is a completely working copy we didn't ruin the game so all
Alright, um, anyway, and for those of you guys that are getting a little angsty, fans
at home, by the way, you know, saying, why do you guys have to do that in the group?
Because we can.
That's why we're giving it away.
Because we can.
We bought one.
We're just giving our honest opinion.
We bought one, wrote on it, and now we're giving it away because we can.
I personally didn't like the game, so I bought one, just so I could write, this game sucks
on it.
That's what I did, and we just went a little further from that.
But think of it this way, Loki supported in the group.
We did not get this free from the company.
They probably hate us for this, although they really shouldn't because we've said a lot
of nice things about Guitar Hero.
But you know, we bought this, we supported them, well, Loki bought it, Loki supported
them, and now we're giving it away because we can.
All right, sorry, anyway, sorry for that tangent.
Dark Sakura, it's your chance to speak to the world and let them know there's a whole
world out there outside their GameCube.
It's your advice, Collin.
What are you talking about tonight?
piece of advice is how to survive a hit and run number one if a car is headed
directly for you assess the amount of time you have like oh shit I got five
minutes oh shit I'm dead or two dive and roll out of the cars path if you have
enough time before impact you may get some cuts and bruises but you will not
get run over duh sorry three if you can't get out of the way jump as high as
you can before impact. Jump in a tight tuck or ball position with your arms over your
head. Jump in profile with your shoulder toward the car as this exposes fewer vital organs.
4. Brace for impact. You will probably hit the windshield.
5. Roll onto and off the windshield. 6. Stay rolled into a ball and brace yourself
for when you hit the ground. Keep your arms over your head.
7. Try to roll or crawl out of the way of any cars that might be approaching from either
direction but my last piece of advice yes use the fucking crosswalk all right
hmm I'm so sick of seeing people do that too but if you're playing Carmageddon
feel free to just run over everybody target all right hey I heard a rumor hmm
that I read online so it must be true what's that that there's a huge rumor
that news core is going to be buying NC soft really yet we know what NC soft
brought us didn't they bring us Guild Wars Guild Wars city of heroes lineage
city of villains it's it's funny funny that you bring up Guild Wars because I
was just about to get to the next story that Guild Wars actually sold 1 million
copies they are very happy about that so they're 1 millionth copy of the game
since the game launched in April and to celebrate Guild Wars special edition on
October 21st but the catch in Europe the special the special edition so this is
the chance for the Europe folks get this um before we do because we're not
getting it in North America until April so check that out
$49.99 for a copy of Guild Wars I've actually played this game what I really
like about Guild Wars I think it's a pretty game and I like the fact that I
can leave it for a few weeks and then just go back and it's not like I had
these fees that were accruing the whole time I didn't play.
Guild Wars has a really neat business model there, so I like Guild Wars.
I didn't get into Guild Wars.
I saw it, I didn't care for it.
But, you know, there are other special editions popping up on other things, aren't there?
Why don't you enlighten us?
Well, what about Nintendogs Special Edition?
Ah, yeah, okay, I just, I didn't know which one you were mentioning about.
Sure, you wanna talk about this?
You want me to talk about it?
Why don't you?
I certainly will.
special edition will be coming out just in time for the holiday season October
24th is the date $149.99 is the price that will set you back wait a minute oh
yes it's not just the game it's a brand new DS as well so it's the DS is $149.99
good brand new colors of DS is by the way brand new colors it's pink and I
believe teal was the other color pink and teal comes with a brand new edition
of Nintendogs, it's the Best Friends Edition, which will have some of the more popular brands
from across the three games.
Labrador Retriever, Golden Retriever, German Shepherd, Beagle, Yorkshire Terrier, and Miniature
Dashund.
However, it's not limited to just those six.
All 18, just like in the other games, you can unlock all 18 breeds, and secretly there
is a 19th we know of, the Dalmatian.
You can unlock these in the Best Friends game.
If you have the Fireman's Hat.
Just like you can unlock in the other games as well.
And I've seen the Dalmatian, it's cute, because my friend finally got a fireman's hat.
That's cool.
And you can actually unlock other stuff too if you play the game long enough, like I just
unlocked a new room by getting enough trainer points.
I actually unlocked the ranch style house.
Oh, okay, cool.
Of course I bought the tatami house instead, but...
Right.
I have some really ugly glasses and I got some stupid sleepy time record.
I have to admit I'm actually getting a little sick of Nintendogs, but I'm gonna try and
stick with it, because I just...
I like my puppies.
It's just the kill time until Animal Crossing DS comes out, which is in December.
I just wanted to state real quick, you also get with this package a bone-shaped screen
cleaner and a paw-print Nintendog skin for the system.
Aww.
I actually have a Nintendog skin for my DS, and it's adorable, and it's one of those removable
kind.
Yeah, those, I'm trying to remember who puts them out, but these Nintendog skins, you can
can completely save them any time later and they actually add a bit more softness to holding
the system so that actually I can play for longer.
Oh, cool. Pretty cool. One other thing I want to share about Nintendo, and then we'll go
to somebody else for some news. Miyamoto actually made a rare public appearance in New York
City on this week. It was actually September 25th is when it happened, Sunday. We actually
had a listener on the three-hour program who called us, said that he was there and that
the line to meet Miyamoto was huge, huge, pretty tremendous. He said he saw signed power
gloves and everything. Why would so many people want to come meet Miyamoto and why is Miyamoto
showing up anyway? Well, Miyamoto was there to help promote Nintendogs at the Nintendo
World Store. Get this, the first 10 people in line got to do bark mode with Miyamoto.
That's cool. How cool would that be to have Miyamoto's profile in your friends list on
on your DS, so we heard that, I think somebody had said,
I think he had said when he called in
that the first person in line was some guy
that flew in from Detroit and was there at like Saturday,
so this guy definitely earned it,
the bark mode with Miyamoto.
200 people were receiving an autograph from Miyamoto.
Very interesting, though.
I'm sure that a lot of DSs were there.
I saw people dressed up as Nintendo characters
in the pictures we saw, and I'm sure PictoChat galore,
and Intendog, Bark Mode galore,
probably everybody there unlocked all 18 dogs.
They're also passing out autographed skins.
Oh cool.
But apparently they were in gold and silver,
which means that the ones that I got
with the Nintendo press kit at E3 was a different one.
So I thought that was pretty interesting
that they had those that they were giving out.
Apparently there were a lot of them.
Interesting.
Loki, what do you got for us tonight?
Something going on in the Hack and Crack world.
I know that there was big, big news
in the Hack and Crack world this week.
got to share this yeah of course those people out there trying to break the PSP
and they have they found a way to utilize the photo gallery to actually
kind of do a what they call a buffer overrun and allows you basically to
overload the memory of the PSP to run your own code in there and they've done
everything from hello world to some sort of pong demo which is interesting but
But this is only the beginning, this is kind of a way to maybe possibly run homebrew stuff
on 2.0 PSP since the down grader is probably never going to come out.
So hey, it's something cool.
That was one of the cool things.
The other one that was worth mentioning is there's actually a guy who goes by the name
Raph and he's working on PSP radio which is actually a shoutcast program that you can
use to listen to shoutcast streams which is kind of cool.
So they've got that coming out and he's still working on that.
Now aside from the PSP, we've got some stuff on the DS.
The first thing is the Wi-Fi is almost done being hacked.
The guy that's working on it right now is trying to create an IRC program for it, which
would be really cool.
Okay, that would be cool.
So he's shooting for the prize, I think it was over $2,000 to do that.
And other than that, lots of DS stuff coming out in November here.
My favorite being Mario Kart DS, which is going to feature all the tracks from, or select
tracks from all the series.
Everything from the GameCube versions to the Game Boy Advance, Nintendo, Super Nintendo,
all that stuff.
Rainbow Road.
Yep.
That kind of stuff.
And then, on top of all that, the one I wanted to mention was about the Game Boy Micro, and
this is kind of interesting.
notice that when you take the cover off the Game Boy Micro, because they have those interchangeable
covers, the faceplates, that there's actually a port that's a 5 volt power port for it,
and what they're speculating is, later on you're going to get faceplates that blink
or do weird things or light up or all sorts of weird things.
So you can have your Game Boy Micro just blinged out.
Blinged out, yes.
And they can look just as god-awful as those cell phones that look like a 24 hour bar when
they ring.
crazy pretty much so that yeah that was something worth mentioning and looks
interesting I can't wait to see what they do with that very cool I found
something interesting about the micro what's that the play on micro oh tell us
about that definitely and from what I can see on this they actually are doing
internet only orders the last update on the site was on the 13th unfortunately my
you know Japanese reading is not the very best but looks like they're taking
the orders on Amazon, JP, Tsutaya, Yodobashi, Toys R Us, Nintendo, Yamada Denki,
Softmap, some of those sites. But it looks like it's online order only for
those. And it is actually different than the play-on they had for the DS
and the SP this one is specifically built for the the micro specs on it mp3
MPEG one layer three you know the usual it says it can go up to 128 K hmm as far
as it also will do epic for video ASF wait but 128 K's oh no I see is the
I thought that was how much it would hold, and I'm like, you can't do video with that much?
Okay, got it.
But it's looking like it's gonna rely mostly on the MPEG4 format for video.
Cool.
Um, just trying to double check, because again, a lot of this isn't...
Actually, it's saying that actually it can get up to 320, 320K.
Okay, cool. That's good, because I was gonna say, you know, a lot of MP3s, I know I code all mine in 160,
so if it capped at 128, that would kind of suck.
Again, I'm having to sort of wrap my mind around
some of these kanji that I'm not familiar with.
That's all right.
While you're doing that, let me read one other quick story
on the Micro while we're on that.
I wanted to mention this,
that the Micro actually came out this week in Japan.
Now, we're getting it this week, I believe,
the 26th or 27th is when we're getting it?
Probably 27th.
We're getting it this week, but Japan just got it,
and how well is it doing in Japan?
Well, it's being seen more as a collectible
than an actual system.
It's kind of selling as more of a collectible,
but that isn't stopping it from selling huge.
For the week of September 12th,
148,000 units of the Game Boy Micro were sold.
To put that in perspective,
when Game Boy Advance SP first came out,
110,000 units in February of 2003.
So this is actually outselling in the first week,
the Game Boy Advance SP.
So a lot of people eating up the micro.
so very interesting. Also, I believe Earthbound 1 and 2 is on its way to advance. I don't
know if that already came out or just came out, but I know I'm really excited about that
because I want to check out this game.
That would be cool.
I hope they put it out over here. Jamie, any other details on the player?
I think it's going over something about media stage. That for anything that's 384 looks
like a K per second and 512 it streams at 30 frames per second but saying
something else about 256 at 15 frames per second so I'm not really getting too
much more out of that. Okay some video specs there. All right. Well Dark Sakura
I know you've got some other news for us I'm including some something for our UK
listeners as well but I have to say this because I promised some folks who have
been on the forums I would say a special shout out as well to our Australian
listeners because we've actually on the forums we've had a couple folks from Australia who've
been posting a lot more and saying, don't you love us?
Of course we love you.
We love you in Australia.
Send us a plane ticket.
I know, I've actually always wanted to visit there.
We love all our listeners worldwide.
You could be in Antarctica.
We love you just for downloading this show.
We know we've got...
Hey, if you can get internet access in Antarctica, you get mad props.
If you're a penguin, congratulations.
But yeah, we know we've got listeners worldwide.
We've been looking at the stats.
know we've got listeners in Asia and Europe and Australia and just just
everywhere Africa I've seen some hits from great great stuff so thank you guys
worldwide for checking us out do you see the rain down in Africa hush up and get
it get to the next get to the news okay bad 80s reference all right I have a
little bit of UK news I've been trying to dig up something fun there's a
brighter SP coming out I actually heard about this that they're kind of just
promoting it as a brighter screen and Nintendo confirmed to Eurogamer that the
backlit version of the Game Boy Advance SP is coming out to Europe in a graphite
and pearl blue the ones that were that we got they're actually coming out with
the new backlit screens in Europe too there's no date listed yet it'll be
about the same brightness as the micro actually they showed like a
side-by-side picture with the old one that those micros were they were
flashlights they were great. Another thing referenced that according to their
Nintendo spokesperson for UK actually stating now the technology has
come down in price enough for backlights to be affordable so basically people
aren't gonna have to pay any more for it it's just gonna be there. Very cool all
right I got a story here now on EB Games the retailer they're sold out of Xbox
360s and the darn thing hasn't even come out yet if you go to their online store
you're gonna get a message that says we are currently sold out of our popular
Xbox 360 bundles check back frequently for more opportunities to pre-order an
Xbox 360 I hear GameStop is also I believe I but they're still trying to
push their stupid $1,200 well yeah but maybe the website but they're still
taking pre-orders in the stores?
Even, yeah, for the generic, er, general, um, general, I can't talk tonight, general,
general, um, Xbox 360s, um, do both the basics and the super packer, I don't remember what
they're calling them, the 300 and the 400 one.
Xbox 360 and Xbox 360 core.
Thank you. Uh, you can still buy those. Or you can do what I do, and I like to rush the
store the day the game, the, it comes out. Rush Best Buyers, maybe doesn't do pre-orders.
Mine's already paid for, all the way.
I'm gonna rush a store when it comes out.
I don't know which one yet, I have a store in mind
that not a lot of people go to, but.
This is why I bless my advantage of having a husband
that works for GameStop.
Well, for the rest of us.
And now that I'm married, I can take his pay stub
into Barnes and Noble and buy books.
I'm so happy.
All right.
Being married is awesome, by the way.
Because that means I get my video game cracked cheaper.
Random reminder just popped into my head,
congratulations to DDArcholic,
who had a beautiful baby boy this week.
One of the guests that we have frequently
on our three hour show on Sunday nights
at orangehonestradio.com, she had her baby named Donovan.
Baby boy.
Kiyoshi.
Donovan Kiyoshi.
Congratulations.
All right.
Now, Xbox 360 related.
Loki, you found something hilarious Xbox 360 related
on eBay.
You're going to give it away free.
You're going to see it on eBay.
And this would be a controller for the Xbox 360
was sold on eBay.
They have one now that's for $91.
It was actually purchased and ended.
But there's actually another one up on eBay right now that's for sale and it's going in
the $160 range for price.
And you know, really people, I don't know why you're buying this because it's retarded.
It's coming back out.
I mean, the system stuff is going to be sold, the accessories.
I can tell you this much, the quarter controller is like $30.
Do not spend $160 for a quarter controller.
it early will do you nothing except you can lick it like the girl did with the
PSP I was gonna do that if I won that but I would not bid on this for the life
of me no I mean maybe a system why your system is gonna come with one just wait
exactly it's just why why people why do you have to spend the money on this all
right I got another story that's Microsoft related of course last week's
show we were talking an awful lot about the Nintendo revolution well Microsoft
to surprisingly come out and kind of professionally congratulated Nintendo on this, well now don't
shake your head just yet Loki, actually Xbox VP of worldwide marketing and publishing Peter
Moore said quote, I want to give kudos for Nintendo for its attempt at innovation with
the new controller, dot dot dot, bring people in that as Iwata-san said are either lapsed
gamers or gamers that are intimidated by the complexity of the controller so
they're kind of given a little pat on the back there but I hear now rumor is
the Microsoft is coming up with their own thing that's gonna kind of combat
the revolution so to speak rip it off you know the most innovative ever
controller was that one Atari controller that hooked up to your forehead that you
controlled by your eyebrows what I've never heard of that yep it was how about
it of course failed how about you want to talk about failure how about that in
television controller that had the nine button thing that looked like a telephone and then
that disk that never worked, ever?
I had a Colecovision.
And that controller was the greatest thing ever for mousetrap.
My best friend in elementary school had a Colecovision.
We mean the nine button thing with like the joystick.
It had the disk and the little buttons that you would hit at the top.
We used to have one of those.
I think it was a piece of crap.
The number pad though, if you're playing on the ColecoVision, the number pad was excellent.
It was awesome that you slipped the little sheets in there to tell you which buttons
do what.
Like I said, mousetrap.
It's all about mousetrap.
Good idea in theory, but it didn't work.
It did too work!
Not for me.
Well, for Coleco it might have, and television it did.
You know what I'm going to do when the revolution comes out?
I'm buying another controller and I'm going to mod a power glove to be the controller.
You're a dork.
It's so bad.
Let's go from old games to new games, I want to get this out there real quick.
Grand Theft Auto is going to be getting a trilogy very soon for the Xbox.
I know Grand Theft Auto the trilogy will be coming out for the Xbox and it's GTA 3 Vice
City and San Andreas that shouldn't be any big surprise but get this Grand Theft Auto
San Andreas Special Edition will be coming out for the Playstation 2.
This would be the version that has the hot coffee taken out of it of course and some
extra features as well. I don't know exactly what the special
is that's going to be there. No, what it is, the special edition is their stupid documentary
that they're filming about the lowrider.
I thought that was a separate thing. Nope, that's the special edition. It's bundled with it
and it's all DVD for it. Okay, I get it. But there's also the PSP version
they're going to release as well. That's why I had two separate stories for that.
Because they're going to be releasing a UMD of that as well. So if you don't want to buy
the special edition but you want the documentary,
Sunday driver is what it's called you can buy that on UMD I'm sure has nothing
to do with the game at all I'm sure it will be Oscar worthy dark soccer what
else have you got for us tonight the game that I have been highly
anticipating myself is the Final Fantasy 7 Dirge of Cerberus because I have to
say I'm not I don't go Bishona species blah blah blah because I think that's
kind of retarded, but I do have my fangirlism for Vincent, because I was like, so cool,
the whole dark brooding type.
The one character I never unlocked my first time through Final Fantasy VII, go figure.
I totally missed him.
I never opened that damn safe.
Go in the door and talk to him in the coffin, and I got it right the first time, without
the manual, so it was meant to be.
Anyway, we have updates on Dirge of Cerberus, as far as the gameplay.
Now we've seen movie files where it shows it to be sort of a first person, however it's
actually behind the shoulder third person where you can switch to a first person view.
So that's kind of like Resident Evil 4 a little bit, it sounds like?
It actually, IGN, an article I read on IGN does refer to Resident Evil 4 in comparison
to the aiming mode.
Okay.
However you switch between melee and three different types of guns.
So they're saying it's kind of a disjointed way to play the game, but then again it's
not complete.
Another thing right now is that, for anyone else who's been keeping up with it, the beta
was delayed from September 1st.
Well the beta is starting, which is what I think is excellent, focusing toward the Play
Online members who signed up to participate, so of course it's only in Japan, but it is
actually going into effect starting from the date of this something it actually
was going into effect on the 22nd so they are already in progress and it
shipped to beta testing kits to the play online members cool but it's it's
looking pretty I've also got a trailer it's I found the link to announce seems
pretty big I haven't watched it yet because I actually just found it tonight
night before the show but I'm gonna give that a watch and let's see what happens
speaking of trailers I have to interject this here real quick I don't know if
either of you guys saw it but I saw the trailer from Tokyo game show some guy
filmed this on a camera for Gran Turismo 5 oh my gosh did that game look sexy I
mean just realistic to the tee I mean and I know we say that with every system
that comes out oh the graphics are so realistic oh yeah but seriously guys
Seriously, this time. I've seen this. Seriously. Realistic.
Everything next-gen looks that way. Um, Project Gotham Racing,
I mean, it's awesome. Grand Turismo always pushes the boundaries with
graphics, like they always,
they always really just run away with it,
graphically wise, and this is no different. This really isn't. It's just,
it looks superb. Can you imagine now Loki, like, burnout looking like this on the
next-gen system?
It is coming out in March. Oh, it's gonna be so hot.
I've already got my eyes set on it.
It's a matter of time, we're going to have a lapse in burnout here with Project Gotham
Racing coming in, and then I'm actually trying to pick up three or four games at launch for
the 360.
Wow.
I'm eyeing up Gears of War, but still to be determined because they haven't announced
a date, or not a date, a price for it yet, which means it can move.
There's also Project Gotham Racing 3, and then some other one, probably like an RPG.
So, let's go back over to DarkSakura.
I would like to poke around in our mailbox.
Of course!
We can't forget the listeners who email us every week at our email address, togo, t-o-g-o
at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
DarkSakura reads and responds to you.
Some of them on air.
Who wrote us this week, DarkSakura?
I do want to give a nod toward a...
I got an email from a guy named Deacon Deekman, who I thought was pretty cool.
he's one of those guys on the forums from Australia right and he actually
also you know informed about the some of the about trying to get the PSP 2.0
firmware and the security flaw about the photos and the DS so I thought that was
cool he's also keeping track of it he also made a brand new set of a mode
icons for our forums that are all I hate to say it Jamie but they're all
Katamari Damacy related but they're cute they're so cute so we're gonna get
awesome we're gonna put them up as soon as we figure out how I also got an email
from Al who just says Ragnarok Pekos he'll please yay that would that just
amused me cuz I was like oh yeah it's someone who plays so that was that 5% I
was referencing last week when I said 5% of our listeners will understand the
Ragnarok jokes all right cute I also got an email from Q in Singapore I think
I'm spelling that right, I'm pronouncing it right.
Just says that Does Orange Lounge Radio
wanted to know about the songs.
I actually emailed back stating, you know,
about Orange Lounge and Tawasuke
and where to get the BeatMania CDs.
There's that worldwide thing I was talking about.
Thanks for emailing us and letting us know
that we have listeners worldwide.
Now I got a good email from Mike D,
on, who's actually on 1UP.com.
Wrote a pretty interesting blog
about people reading user and licensing.
Apparently there's some funny stuff thrown in there.
Just to go ahead, it says people scammed
into downloading spyware by sneaking it
into the licensing agreement.
And the thing is is that legally,
once you click that I agree, you are signing a contract.
And I even remember in my business law classes,
they even went into that where
that is a legally binding document.
This is a big thing with Kazaa, remember Kazaa?
they did this crap to you all the time that when you installed kazot would install the
stupid gorilla purple gorilla buddy guy yeah what was that thing uh fuck that guy i hated
that thing he uh posted a company can burn in hell he posted this link here uh well not
link but um a bit of the text from the uh uh licensing agreement sure for um i'm not
sure what the program is well it may be later in here this software is not intended for
for use in the operation of nuclear facilities,
aircraft navigation or communication systems,
air traffic control systems, life support machines
or other equipment in which the failure or the software
could lead to death, personal injury or severe physical
or environmental damage.
Duh.
That's part of the licensing agreement.
I think it's hilarious.
Like windows.
I mean, they could sneak in there, you know,
if you use this program and someone calls you a big weenie
for using it, don't blame us, you know.
But I think it's, you know, people really should stop
read those licensing agreements do we have a link to the article I do it's a
mini me 283 dot one up calm okay so some dudes blog on one up okay yeah but you
know major kudos to for poison I think that's a very interesting interesting
thing is I've even seen jokes snuck into licensing agreements where it didn't
affect the legality of the document one bit but it was I've seen them done with
humor cool but that's it actually is a very very very valid point you know
something also again we got one I just wanted you to make sure that we give our
nods to people from Danzig who listed about the DS Wi-Fi that Loki just
touched on but I just like to you know thank our listeners keep sending him in
we go at orange on radio calm and we can't always read every email on the air
because we just get a lot of them but you know Jamie does read them all so I
I do, and I reply to almost all of them, although, honestly, I should, I'm at work, so, I mean,
if I seem a little distracted sometimes in my reply, and...
Yeah, and let me reiterate that. When you send an email to togo at orangehonestreader.com,
Jamie does read them.
It is, yeah, and which I found incredibly hilarious for one of the other emails I received.
Yes, one of the ones we don't read on the air.
Yeah.
We get it all.
that we get and I almost always reply to it unless it's just something like, oh my god.
And then I'm just like, bleep, deleted.
Alright, well thank you guys who take out the time to email us and waste part of Jamie's
work day.
We appreciate that.
No, waste it for a good cause, definitely.
Yeah, it definitely makes my day go faster.
ToGo at OrangeLawnsRadio.com once again, but remember we have other email addresses this
week.
We're going to have a full email because we've got our giveaway, don't forget we're giving
away, DDRXtreme2 and Max2VRares.
Free stuff at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
Free stuff.
Just send an email.
Nothing else required.
Just say, hi, I want to win.
Whatever you want to put.
We don't sell your email to anybody.
That's not cool.
No strings attached.
The other thing is the in the groove we're giving away.
Your haiku.
Five syllables, seven syllables, three syllables, haiku at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
Just a couple stories left tonight.
Myst 5 is coming out, and they are calling this the final chapter in the PC adventure
game saga coming out from Ubisoft.
I say, yeah right, as long as these games continue to sell, which I don't know how well
Myst 4 sold, but I don't think it was nearly as good as the first couple, there will always
be Myst games or other types.
$50 or $49.99 will be how much Myst 5 will set you back, and Myst 5 coming out end of
of January is what they're looking at. Also a limited edition coming out that includes
a retrospective on DVD made by Turner Broadcasting. So kind of a well-produced documentary, I'm
sure it'll be. $60 if you want that version, Myst fans. You know, Myst was a pretty cool
game. I think it's one of those series that maybe...
I actually have it on Saturn somewhere. I think it's one of those games that maybe
jumped the shark a little bit. And I was always... Didn't Myst come out around the same time
as The Seventh Guest? Remember that was very kind of similar in a way.
I remember another game that was out of that time that I liked, Phantasmagoria.
Oh, heck yeah, Phantasmagoria.
We need a new Phantasmagoria.
I don't think, uh, Roberta Williams is associated with Sierra anymore.
I don't know, well anyway, Phantasmagoria, heck yeah.
Um, seventh guest, heck yeah, missed. Okay, sure, why not.
Actually, I liked Loom, but it's one of those weirdos.
That's a whole nother, not a whole nother one.
Alright, Loki, close us out tonight. What are the last stories you got for us tonight?
the first one is for some reason unbeknownst to me uh...
joanna dark from perfect dark zero is on the cover for him magazine
is this may be a response to the uh... playboy
which by the way silly pick up
promise i will not
let you guys down i will pick up the magazine julie's earnings
so yeah uh... that and then finally
you know we see all those mods that shrink stuff down make stuff portable
let's say we want to take something small and make it big. G4 did it with their Nintendo
controller but I think this guy one-upped them by making the Nintendo Game Man. And
the Game Man is actually a hundred pound version of the Game Boy. It's six and a half times
the scale of the Game Boy. Well the Game Boy's been out for like, what, fifteen years now
so it's had plenty of time to go through puberty and all that so it's matured into a man now.
It's over three feet tall and weighs just over a hundred pounds and the cartridges
He actually make cartridges for with Kirby's Dreamland Pokemon red
Super Mario Land and Tetris and they're all very playable and they're eight pound cartridges
And you can actually plug it in and they've got pictures on his website of him actually playing the game. That's crazy
Where is this website? The website is at?
at gameman.loungespot.com and just go check it out and you've got a bunch of pictures
of how he made it and of actual gameplay and it was I guess an art type thing.
He did it for just like an art project.
DarkSoccer and I are sitting back here and we can't help but think of, now you're on
my own, my own my own man, anyway forget it, forget it.
Bad joke.
guys got that I hope you did but uh it should be noted though that the the page
here it says copyright 2002 so this is actually three years old so this is an
old thing how'd you just find this was it just on a blog lately or something or
yes okay I get it all right well that's what are they gonna make now the game
man SP maybe shush what geriatric game I don't know it it's just interesting so I
I would like to see them make a six-and-a-half scale DS.
That'd be cool.
Where you just have to rub your whole body on it
to get anything, but you have to wipe it with your hands.
I completely forgot one last thing I got to mention,
because this was just funny that I saw this.
For the DS, someone actually made a homebrew game
called Tickle Girl.
Oh, no.
And you got to see the box art that they made for it.
It was quite hilarious.
Is it what we think a game called Tickle Girl
the DS would be. It says Tickle Girl version 1.0 and it says basically it's a multimedia
experience where you interact with a virtual vixen via the touch screen, tickle different
areas of your dream girl to watch her reaction, utilizes full motion video, sampled audio
and looping background music. You know we feel the magic xxxy had something similar
to this though because there was modes where you could kind of touch the girl and if you
tried to touch her in a naughty place she'd jump back and get mad at you. Yeah. So somebody
just took this idea in one update. Well, they also mentioned that, you know, it's as if
you like to feel the magic, you'll love this. If you can run homebrew stuff on your DS,
you can download it at ndsupdates.com, so check it out. Very cool. Wow, alright. That's
the end of the show, guys. Final thoughts. My final thought is I have to go grocery shopping
and there's no better time to go grocery shopping than, you know, one in the morning on a weekend.
times. Loki, I need to buy something I'm not sure what it is but I have this urge
to buy something and so I'm thinking it's gonna be something game related. Buy
me a car. No. Dark Sakura. Reject sexism in video games. All right that's gonna do
it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio To Go. Thank you guys once again
from all of us here at Orange Lounge Radio for putting up with us every week
and enjoying our show and for the emails you guys write and posting in our forums
and telling your friends about Orange Lounge Radio.
And remember, even if you download our show to blast us, that still means you still downloaded
our show.
That's right.
Thank you for your support.
Kisses from us to you.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Thanks you guys.
Have a great week.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com See you next update!
