Orange lounge radio to go edition week of september 5th 2005
You're tuned in to the orange lounge radio to go edition your podcast
Home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat now here your hosts dark, sakura sky and loki
Hello, everybody and welcome to another episode of orange lounge radio to go at your home for discussion and news
news and all that stuff on video games that don't suck but sometimes we have to
talk about video games that do suck just to tell you to avoid them and I know I
plan to do that tonight with me say hello to the one and only dark Sakura
back from a brief absence hi how are you doing I'm married you are married
congratulations thank you I'm actually in the middle of my honeymoon but I
decided to take some time out and say hi now that's some dedication I got me some
bling. Congratulations. It's platinum and gold and expensive. Well I think we're
gonna put a picture of the ring on the website for those people who are asking.
Yeah but don't put one of me on there. Oh I know you got your your face remains a
mystery although if they look very carefully at the album art there's a little
little picture a dark soccer right in the corner. Yeah and it's like an
overhead shot because I was holding my phone up that way. It's an artsy shot. I was just
because I was taking a picture of myself with my phone because I'm so vain. I'll also say
hello to the one who excuse me the one and only Loki hi by the way we're on
our fourth take tonight because we got a case of the giggles but we're trying to
get through yes that would happen being that we are having a little bit alcohol
because there is a holiday weekend yes it's Labor Day weekend so we were doing
a little bit of drinking for our live show tonight except thanks to technical
difficulties live 365 our live show didn't happen so we've just been
enjoying some drinks yeah technically the live show yeah well the ferret has
something to say about that what's that thank you we have a podcast guest
tonight we don't allow guests on the show very often so this guest is very
very extra special first rule of podcast is do not talk about podcast say hello
to Mel B is here tonight greetings everybody from the only sober one in
this room so far how you doing Mel I'm doing that pretty good actually you know
For those that may not know you why why are you an internet celebrity? We're gonna make all our podcast guests say this now
Why are you an internet celebrity?
Wow, I guess it happened all about five years ago when someone
clicked on a link on a DDR site and saw a video of me dancing and
like this is back when Dance Dance Revolution had a
Freestyle and people were in the community and doing fun things and trying new things and it was basically it was kind of like Dance
Dance Dance Revolution out in America just wasn't big at the time it was like a kind
of a cult hit because people who were into like Japan gaming or just like anime or whatever
or just rhythm games it just what there wasn't a big following so when there was internet
stuff going on things being passed around it was like little did we know at the time
it was a grassroots movement that was going to boom into something that became a multi-million
dollar selling franchise so yeah I guess in a way people see me in the Dance Dance Revolution
community as someone who kind of helped promote it helped you know make the game
kind of fashionable to play I guess right on now you actually got to work on
some of the DDR home releases right oh yes I did I worked in Konami digital
entertainment over in Redwood City for about two years work in a lot of testing
so I did have a hand in testing both Xbox versions um both in dance in
Ultramix and Ultramix 2, did some stuff for Xtreme and among other things.
Very cool, and any other game companies that you've had experience with?
I had a cup of coffee with Namco for a couple months, you know, and that's really about it.
Right now I'm not working in the game industry, but I'd definitely like to be back later.
So, for a lot of our podcast listeners out there who listen to this, you know, they live all over the world,
what's it like to work on the inside, working for the game company?
It's kind of like almost any other job that you know, you kind of always dream about working, you know
It's like anytime you hear a video game test and you think wow
I get to play with games all day long that must be the most kickback job and to most extent
Yes, it is a pretty kickback job. You know, it's like you get paid to do something you do pretty much
You know something that you do at home sitting on your ass getting paid nothing, you know
But it's as with any job there are positives and negatives negatives is man if you're like say a big fan of one game
playing it 40 hours a week for eight weeks straight you're gonna learn to not
like it as much. So you get a little burned out on DDR after playing it so
much. Yeah you do and I mean there's just whole other you know types of things
especially when you work in quality assurance but with any other job QA is
sort of like you're the grunt of the company you know I mean a lot of people
go into that thinking oh I can become a developer out of it or a producer and in
some cases you can it just depends on the company I mean if it's a really huge
company it's like you're one of like 250 300 people that are trying to you know
jump ahead make that next step if you're in a smaller company chances are you
know you do have a shot at making it so you know I'm not by no means discouraging
anyone from doing anything I mean just do what you like and I like doing what I
did have no regrets and like I said I'd like to be back sometime all right very
cool any quick advice for somebody who wants to get their foot in the door in
the game industry um it's really not that hard to get into testing really
Essentially you just go on to corporate websites if you have a gaming company around in your area
Especially like in whether you're in the Bay Area of California or you're in Southern California or like Florida or some places
Just check out the corporate sites just get in testing
I mean when you're going to the job interview just let them know like especially on your resume and stuff
List down every single console that you've played talk about the types of games you are interested in talk about
You know like games that you know you mastered, you know, because people like to know like wow
There's you know, probably some hidden things that you found out that we thought no one else would and then you do you just learn basically
That being a tester isn't just playing games. It's you're trying to break the game more than anything
So you have to do all sorts of crazy stuff
like if you're playing a
Racing game you have to try driving backwards and see if you could crash the game because that's what you're paid to do
You're paid to break the game. Very interesting. All right. Well for those of our listeners curious out there
I'm sure that's some good advice
So thank you for that and Mel B will be here throughout the show to just um
Give his give his big fat opinion like we all do on the video games as we talked about tonight
So we're gonna start off tonight show as we usually do talking about the games. We have been playing this week now dark soccer
I know is a big week for you getting married and hitched and all that
But I know you've at least been playing the puppies. So what do you been playing this week? I've been playing the puppies
I just got my second dog tonight. My first one is a corgi named I'm
My second one, see I'm going for the anime themed dog, so now I have a Shiba Inu named
Menchi.
He has in from XL Saga, who seems like a fairly well behaved doggy so far.
As far as other games, they're ones I can't really talk about on air, so I'm gonna leave
those alone.
Oh yeah, and we are probably within the next couple weeks gonna be starting up on World
of Warcraft.
Oh boy, okay, well we need somebody from this show to be in there to give us updates, so...
Yyyyep. I'm gonna play an undead rogue, or a priest.
Undead priest, undead rogue.
Or I'm gonna be playing a night elf hunter on another server.
Haven't made a decision yet, huh? What are they doing?
I hear that their expansion that they're doing for World of Warcraft, it's free.
Oh, interesting.
Downloadable.
Because they figured that the users, they're giving them a little kickback because they've paid enough.
Wow!
Yeah!
Square Enix needs to take a hint here.
And also though, with your first month of World of Warcraft, you do pay nothing.
Well yeah, a lot of MMOs do that though, one month at a time.
Ragnarok doesn't, bastard.
F-Ragnarok.
So, they give you the first month free because, you know, it's like any other drug dealer, man.
They give you that first hit for, you know, a discount price, then you gotta come back,
then they know there's demand, then, you know, they got you.
That's right.
It's like, get your first dose of heroines free.
Anyway.
Now, Dark Sakura, since you weren't here last week, Loki and I gave our impressions on Nintendogs.
Were you impressed with the Nintendogs compared to what you saw at E3, or?
The boobies!
The boobies!
But besides the cuteness factor.
My dog is retarded.
I'm doesn't get it I gave him the lay down command sounds too much like sit
down so we might tell him to sit down he lays down although I renamed the roll
over to play dead so he sticks his legs in the year his little stub legs he is
excellent when it comes to the frisbee though he makes me lots of money so
would you recommend the game to somebody else yes why yes because the puppies the
cuteness factor. You have to feed your puppies. You have to bathe your puppies and you have
to pet your puppies and you have to take them for a walk and remember to clean up their
crap. Is Nintendogs as annoying as a Tamagotchi? Tamagotchi was really stupid. I have a Digimon
still. I have an old school Digimon. Why is Nintendogs not stupid? Because they don't
look like little digital blips on the screen. Your puppy likes you too and he jumps and
He plays Bone, he plays Fizbee, and he throws Fizbee like,
BULLSHIT, YOU JUST THREW IT AWAY, WHY SHOULD I BE-
OKAY HERE.
So they got a lot of personality.
He was a puppy.
Alright.
Loki, what have you been playing this week?
I like throwing the Bark Ball at my Nintendog because it's afraid of it.
It reminds me so much of my mom's dog,
because my mom's chihuahua is afraid of everything, so.
I hit my puppy in the head the first time with the Bark Ball.
And I went,
EH!
Like that.
What will be?
I don't like it. So, you know, it's just
really repetitive. It's just not my thing. So,
the hell with that. We got the Namco Battle Collection.
Classic games, if I'm really bored, maybe.
But I'm not too big a fan of that. I did like, however, you did the PSP
GameSend for me. Yeah, GameSharing. Okay, GameSharing.
You did the GameSharing feature for me so I could play the little demos.
I was a little disappointed that they were only first round demos, but there were a
heck of a lot of demos on there.
You know, Dig Dug, Rally X, now granted it's the same game from the eighties, but
still
to be able for you to send those to me for free was kinda neat.
You know, there was a lot of games on there and they did also they have these
arrangement games, four different arrangement games,
which are kinda updated graphics, it's almost like the game is remade, which was
really cool, those are really cool.
And Rally X arrangement, that's the only place you can play Rally X Arrangement, that's one of my favorite
arrangement games I ever did.
Yeah, and I think that they're actually they have the rally X and they have new rally X which I think new rally X is
The one that was on the Ridge Racer
New rally X is a there's really no different rally X arrangements work. But yeah, okay. So anyways, it was really cool
Um, and then I also I have depth jr. But I haven't gotten the plate yet looks cool
Just you know, hopefully this time I can hear the sound unlike e3
Then I have a lot of PlayStation 2 games. I'm playing I played this street racing game
I don't remember was called now sucked, but it was for the Japanese system
Then playing still more burnout 3 we've been actually doing to play rage mode now
And that's a whole lot more fun. It was when you add another player and they crashed in their cargos flying over you
Oh, that's really cool
Played burnout legends the demo for that that game is so much better than burnout 3 and it's gonna fucking rock
I'm buying it as soon as it comes out
What's great about it is you can actually do the crash breaker where you make your car
explode every time you crash.
I love that.
That's fucking awesome.
And plus there's jumps and it's a lot faster so it's really cool.
Then on top of that I played actually with my DS a little bit because I got some more
games.
I got pack and roll which was really interesting.
I love pack and roll.
It's just not really my thing but it's a lot better than pack picks that's for sure because
that game kind of sucks.
Pack picks was awesome.
Anyways, so then I also played the DS version of Star Wars Episode III, and that was actually
pretty cool.
It looked like a really good Super Nintendo game, that's what it reminded me of.
What's the DS feature in that game?
Well, in some of the stuff it's just a status screen, in other ones it's just like you can
use it for the flight sim parts and stuff like that.
It's mainly they don't really use touch screen stuff that much, but it's just kind of...
I've said this on a previous episode, you don't have to whore the touch thing in every
game.
The dual screen thing is fine, I mean, make use of that.
Some other things I was going to mention though, at the conference thing, they were talking
about the game coming out from Konami, Lost in Blue.
They're doing a lot of things with the DS that fucking rock.
For example, there's one part where you have to make fire.
You take the stylus and you rub it between your hands like it's a stick, and you're rubbing
sticks together to make fire.
you're cooking fish and in order to cook the fish it's like on a barbecue so you can actually
close the lid of the DS and the fish will cook faster and you can actually might overcook
the fish if you do stuff like that but they're doing some really innovative stuff with that.
Weird, that's wacky.
But just it was really amazing and I have to say after seeing all the 360 footage, seeing
Ghost Recon 3 Advanced Warfighter, Tom Clancy's new game, it fucking looks sexy.
I don't even like first-person shooters, but oh my god does that look sexy.
What was that insider info you were telling me about 360 before the show?
Oh, 360, a few things. Um, they're only shipping 700,000 to 1 million units
at launch. Um, so, you know, that's why you... You heard it here first.
You heard it here first. Yeah, I mean, that's not really known. Um,
and for backwards compatibility, you have to have the hard drive.
No hard drive, no playing the old games.
interest I did not I've not read that anywhere
and interesting got some information out there but I'm also going to support a
few games at launch
and they're gonna be adding more every two weeks why do you have to have the
hard drive for backwards compatibility
I don't know because because the emulators gonna be on the drive right
is that what is something like that Mel thinks he knows what's going on
essentially the way they have to you have reverse it you know engineer you
know
play backwards compatibility is they have to have software for it and their thing is they
haven't
officially finished it out yet so thing is you're gonna have to have the hard drive
available so when it's ready then you know
you can download it or whatever I'm not sure how it works but
interesting yeah because it's not basically the backwards thing hasn't
been finished yet
if you think about the Xbox Live Silver that they're talking about
you know you're like oh I can play some online games nope think again you gotta buy the
Xbox Live
I'm gonna get to a story about that in a little bit. Anyways okay so we got that okay
there's another thing that they're adding with Xbox Live that's really cool spectator mode
so for example they're doing the Madden challenge with the new next-gen
Madden game you can go in watch the game
watch him as a spectator watch people play you know racing games everything so
that's a new thing that they have spectator mode on that
and the webcam sounds good
as far as my gaming week I haven't played a whole lot of new games I did go
out and do some impulse buys the other day I was at Fry's which is like this
huge electronics store here that sells a lot of games
and they have a lot of cheap games so I was looking through their twenty dollar games
I picked up on Namco 50th Anniversary Collection because it was only $15
and the Namco 50th Anniversary Collection has like 14 old Namco games in it
Pac-Man, Ms. Pac-Man
and this is the one where I was talking about a few weeks on the show has
licensed music in it
like it has Dexys Midnight Runners, come on Eileen, it has
She Drives Me Crazy, like all those songs. Okay, Namco 50th Anniversary Collection
sucks. I do not recommend this game. I'm sorry to say
I love Namco. This collection sucks
balls and the reason why they've done this before
many times on PlayStation 1 and
next-gen, er, well I shouldn't say next-gen, but you know, current gen I guess would be
a way to say it.
Current gen since they've already done this. Granted there's a couple a new games
here like what the King
well there's one on the PSP I think the uh...King of the Balloon or something?
King of the Balloon which blows anyway and there's one on the
the 50th anniversary collection like King and Dry, I don't even know what it's called
it's it's that
Unimpressive to me
Here's what ticked me off about it the music this music thing that they had been hyping up on the news sites
Granted I will give Namco credit because they didn't advertise this on the box that had 80 music
But you don't have it during the actual game. The only time you hear this is in the menu
That's it. So when you go into the actual game
There's no music nothing
Yeah, it actually did the same thing for the Activision collection because you know, there was cool ladies music in the like menu screens
But when you play it still blip it's boring to me
And they there wasn't really the array the arranged games were not nowhere to be seen
There were a couple unlocks. I just think there's so much more that could have been done with this Midway collections great stuff
Oh online ranking boards Xbox Live aware
Why didn't Namco implement a scoreboard?
Why didn't they they've got a great interface for the way the games are set up wouldn't
downloadable content be awesome for a retro collection like this?
Maybe if you were too busy being bought by Bondi. I guess, I don't know, but I
honestly, if you do not own any of these previous Namco collections, I suppose
this is a place to start because these are some important games
that are good and you should have in your collection, but honestly
I don't recommend this game. Even if you're a fan of classic gaming, get the other
Namco collections, they're better.
Or if you have a PSP, buy the Namco Battle Collection. Absolutely.
Now the Namco battle collection is cool. It's it's it's got the arranged versions in it. It's got the game beaming multiplayer
I think it works better on a handheld than it does on the console
If you are interested in this go get the PSP version do not buy the X thing, too
Is if the monitors were vertical or whatever you can adjust the orientation so that the monitors are taller and stuff. That's on there
Um, it's just really awesome. Cool. I did actually play other Konami games this weekend. What's up? Well, Dan and I went to the casino
Okay, it's a lot of machines hey he lost a dollar and I made 12
What else did I play? I bought dot hack part 1 because all of a sudden I'm like I want to get even though there's four
Parts. I'm like
I want to get into the dot hack games again because I played them a little bit and they're faux
MMOs where the the plot is that it's an MMO RPG, but it's not really an MMO RPG. You should watch the anime
I came free with an anime disc so I'm gonna watch it even though I'm not usually like really into anime
I'm gonna watch it. It's cool
By the way, if you want I do have the whole
First dot hack series. Well, maybe maybe if I get into it hands up. Hey, it's kind of an older game
But like I said, I was budget shopping this week because kids at orange launch radio. They're not giving us free games. Yeah
What what there's a certain game that you forgot to talk about. Hello. Hello kitty. Yeah
Yeah. Why did you play it? Because my friend has my GameCube, so I haven't been able to
get it back yet. Well, it's a good thing I didn't bring over another GameCube game for
you. Oh, damn you all! What'd you get me? What'd you get me? Killer7. Cool! Okay. My
GameCube is accessible. I will beat up my friend and get my GameCube out. And I have
a 50-inch widescreen TV. Do you happen to have a GunCon2? I have a 30-inch. I do indeed
have GunCon. I have two GunCon2s. I have a GunCon. Well, GunCon for the Playstation 2?
No, I have two of those.
Because I have the Dino one.
The Dino Crisis one.
Bring me more free games. I'm sick of questions.
Game companies that are listening to us.
I have Neg Cons and Jog Cons.
We have lots of listeners. Send me free games.
I'm glad you mentioned that.
We do have game companies that will be listening to us.
Thanks to me.
Because I have done a lot of press kits.
Hi game companies!
Apparently EA does listen to
There's one guy at EA
that unlistens to gaming podcasts, not us, which made me sad, but, but, was it because
we kind of talk shit about Madden? No, we don't talk shit about Madden, I just don't
like Madden. I like Burnout, I talk much about Burnout, okay? I seem to remember reviewing
Battlefield 2 and my review was something along the lines of, what's the big idea? Battlefield
2 is friggin' sexy, let me tell you. It's a sexy looking game, man. No, no, no, it's
friggin' sexy. Okay, and I can tell you why it's sexy. They have this whole point of thing,
you you're attacking people whatever and you can switch point of views like that
and what's great about it though is like you'll be okay you're
say you're in a tank whatever and there's people coming across this
bridge you're attacking them oh now you don't have a really clear eye
so you really quickly zoom into someone else's point of view
and stuff like that it's for me it was what's the big big deal but but granted
i'm not a fan of this type of game i knew before i picked it up i wouldn't
probably would enjoy it i'm a single player multiplayer game that's what i
I mean, well, you know if you're into that kind of game, you'll probably really like it. I just not my type of game Mel
What's one game you've been playing this week? Mr. Mel B
Played a lot of quack shot on Genesis actually what made you decide to go to Genesis?
Oh, well, it actually was the classic gaming expo about two weeks ago
and so I checked it out and you're always going into retro stuff and just because my girlfriend had just pulled out her
her CDX actually because she was into Sega CD at the time when we were just trying to
basically get all our old gaming systems up on the TV going.
So we started going around buying stuff and the reason why, I mean I really loved Genesis
games back in the day, I thought it was one of the best systems out there.
And yeah, a lot of the Disney games that came out for Genesis Quackshot, Fantasia, Castle
of Illusions with Mickey Mouse, it was just some of the most fun side scrolling action
games I'd you know played at the time my 16-bit was a huge deal back then you
know oh yeah I remember did you see the guys um the guy that was making the
portable systems the custom portable systems at a classic game actually
yes be there yes I did see he's doing a Dreamcast portable systems now oh very
cool very cool all right anything else um see besides that I was playing a lot
of like old EA Sports like called Lakers versus Celtics Madden 93 back then but
As far as like current, well, more current games, actually was like for two days straight
I was just absolutely hooked on Bust A Move 2, Tengoku Mix, Japanese Playstation.
Main reason was because I picked it up for only $10 at the, uh, or as if you go on Ebay
or something like that you're paying at least $30 or $40 for that bad boy.
You want to see DER's granddaddy go pick up a copy of Bust A Move.
Actually that was, well the original Bust A Move was the reason why I got a modded Playstation
in the first place.
I was playing Bust A Move 2 before I was playing, well it was Bust A Groove here in the US,
so I was playing Bust A Groove before I was playing DDR, so.
Yeah, that was just a precursor to everything, and I mean after playing that it made me realize
how horrible Dance Summit 2001 was. I mean, that was just a huge step back for Enix at the time,
goodness, because it was like, I don't know why they ruined a franchise like that, because the
first two, um, parts, you know, first two, uh, games were awesome. You had personalities,
He had characters people got attached to the music was you know great the first one had like great novelty type songs
You know that would fit a video game, but the second one they did some really great production. They had guys from like
The front X yeah a vex earth wind and fire like Maurice white he did like hero couldn't steam
So I was like, you know, this was like something you could actually legitimately here
you know as mainstream pop radio and then just the third one totally took a step backwards and just
Everything you knew about the game and loved about the game was gone
You know, I think, I think Square and, uh, Enix, um, now that they've merged, they should do, um, they should do, like, a, a Final Fantasy dancing game with a bus. No, I'm kidding. It's gonna be horrible.
Hey, I actually liked Dance Summit.
Really?
Honestly enough. But, you know, I was, Marius White also did anime stuff, too. He did the Gatchaman anime, so I was like, the second one's my favorite of the bunch.
But I did really like the third one. It had a very innovative idea and a special controller.
It made me think of the old ColecoVision
joystick one with the little four buttons on it.
Alright, we're going to get into some gaming news tonight, but before we get into the gaming news,
we're actually going to go ahead, and because DarkSakura, we don't know if she can stay for the whole show tonight,
we want to make sure she can bring her segment to you guys.
And of course, it's the one and only DarkSakura's advice column, because boys and girls,
If we stayed at home and played video games all day long, we'd have no time to go out and get married.
Right, DarkSakura?
I guess.
Alright, so DarkSakura, here's your advice column. What are you going to tell the kids about tonight?
If you're on your honeymoon, don't go do your podcast, because you never know when you're going to leave.
No, um, today's bit of advice is how to survive in a plummeting elevator.
Elevators have numerous safety features.
There have been very few recorded incidents involving death from plummeting elevators.
In general, it is highly unlikely for a cable, also called traction elevator, to fall all
the way to the bottom of the shaft.
Moreover, the compressed air column in the elevator hoistway and the car buffers at the
bottom of the hoistway may keep the forces of the impact survivable.
Number one, flatten your body against the car floor.
They should distribute the force of impact rather than concentrate it on one area of
your body.
Standing may be difficult anyway.
I would have never thought of that.
Number two, cover your face and head to prevent them from sealing parts that may break loose.
But my final piece of advice.
Take the stairs fatass.
Take the fucking stairs.
And on that note, I will go ahead and give my final word of the show.
Yes honey.
Which is reject false icons and don't chug Guinness.
Alright.
Goodnight everyone.
DarkSaga for being here and have a good one and congratulations once again on getting
hitched.
Let's get into some gaming news tonight.
Started off with the Xbox 360, Xbox Live 2.0, the details are out and yes if you have a
silver subscription to Xbox Live you will be able to download game trailers, demos of
upcoming games, episode style content and you can create a profile, leave voice messages
for other live Xbox gamers the one thing you won't be able to do however is play
games head-to-head sorry you will have to have a gold membership in order to do
that gold membership $7.99 a month for a one month subscription card but they do
have other ideas as well $19.99 for a three month option and let's see I
believe it's $49.99 for a 12 month subscription card you want the kit that
comes with a headset and all that stuff it's approximately $20 more depending on
what you get they're saying that there's a headset pack it's a three-month set
$10 rebate card on the game and joust from Xbox Live Arcade $39.99 so so most
Joust!
Woohoo!
Joust!
Joust was a rad game!
Yeah!
Like in the 80s.
Seriously.
You know, you run around with lances and you steal people's egos, you know?
Lego my ego.
That was joust.
Oh god.
So, those of you guys that were hoping that the silver subscription would allow you to
play some games...
Sorry.
Exactly.
Exactly.
The whole core system is a joke anyways, I mean, it's like, yeah, here's this Xbox, it
looks pretty but you can't do anything with it until you buy the rest.
If you're listening to this show, you're a hardcore enough gamer where if you're going
to be buying a 360, you really need to consider the higher end, and I'm not saying that as
somebody who works for Microsoft, because I don't, but just do the math.
If you think that later on you might be interested in any of this stuff, such as the hard drive,
You're gonna end up paying more in the long run if you buy just the core system and then
all this stuff separately.
Hey, so you really need to think about this.
Hey folks, listen, um, the hard drive, just the laptop drive anyways, think about it folks,
buy the hard drive, upgrade it for free, or get the converter, you know I'm gonna be hooking
up like some 300 gig hard drive to that thing.
You know that's gonna happen, it's a matter of time.
Moving on in the news tonight, Dance Dance Revolution, a game that's near and dear to
our hearts because it's the whole reason we do Orange Launch Radio in one way or
another you could say. Won the Video Music Award for Best Video Game
Soundtrack. Pretty cool there and of course Dance Dance Revolution Extreme
has stuff by like Duran Duran, Pet Shop Boys, a couple of covers in there, BT as
well. The only thing they didn't actually show it as part of the show. And Dance
Dance Dance Revolution was there to comment, and their comment was, SUCK IT, HALO 2!
Wow, Blizzard won a pretty important hacking lawsuit this week.
I think this is kind of interesting, there was an appeals court, the 8th Circuit Court
of Appeals in St. Louis, and they ruled this week that federal law, specifically the DMCA,
or the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, disallows players from altering Blizzard games to link
with servers other than the company's official Battle.net site.
So there were defendants in this case, Ross Combs, Rob Critterden, they reverse engineered
Blizzard's protocol using some tools such as TCP Dump, and they had this project going
on, the Bnet-D, that would allow your Blizzard games to connect with unofficial servers.
And of course you get faster response times, all sorts of things that come along with using
on official servers, however Blizzard layeth the smack down for them reverse engineering
the program, so to speak.
What I find is interesting is I know a lot of people that have sort of done something
similar with Xbox Live, now I'm not too familiar on the exacts of how they hack, so it's probably
a different process, but I think it's interesting that this kind of sets a precedent in a way.
Well this is just, this is dumb. I think this is about like Starcraft if I remember correctly
and it was just servers that they're playing on. I mean, it's not like that you actually
have to pay for it, it's free, their servers, to place over, you know, the internet with
Starcraft but, um.
Maybe they're doing this for people to get banned, I don't know.
I don't know, they like banning people, they're just, what can I say.
Alright, let's get to another story. This one about Nintendogs, of course a game we
we have not shut up about for the past few weeks,
but this definitely is worth noting.
Quarter of a million units sold already.
In the first week, in the first week,
that's about 15% of the amount of people that own a DS,
which for a game in the first week of release
is pretty damn good.
A game that came out the same day,
Advance Wars Dual Strike, also selling pretty well.
So don't assume that Nintendogs
is the only must-own DS game right now.
Advance Wars, doing pretty well.
I haven't had a chance to check out that game myself,
but I've heard good things about it, so.
Got Battalion Wars coming out soon, too.
That's Advanced Wars for the GameCube.
We were talking about PSP Game Sharing a little bit
earlier in the show when I was talking about
that we were doing the Namco Battle Museum.
Tokyo Game Show is gonna be doing something
with the PSP Game Sharing.
If you're lucky enough to be going to the Tokyo Game Show
this year, which of course, in Tokyo,
they will be doing a PlayStation spot.
It's like a booth where the PSP owners
will be able to download demos of upcoming games
from the spot.
Where have I heard this before?
Oh yes, Nintendo's DS download booth at E3.
And how'd that work?
Oh yeah, that's right, not very well.
It was okay, you just had to hammer in
to get what you wanted.
You could get what you wanted eventually,
but it was a little tricky.
But very interesting, Sony's doing a very similar thing
at Tokyo Game Show, if you're lucky enough to be going.
You'll be able to check out Metal Gear Acid 2,
Rengoku 2, Rockman Rockman, which of course is Mega Man's name overseas,
Baito Hell 2000, and Portable Resort.
I haven't heard of those last two, but. Portable Resort's Namco, and it's weird.
Rengoku 2, I'm surprised they're even making a sequel to that.
The first one kinda sucked. Well, check it out. It's gonna be downloadable.
And then Rockman Legends. It's pretty cool, actually.
I played a little bit of it.
Yeah, how was that?
It's just a direct port of the Playstation game, that's all it is.
It's just a direct port, looks cool.
I'm excited about it, I wish they'd released more sequels, but you know.
Loki, you got a couple of hack and crack stories for us tonight?
Yes, yes I do.
The first on the list is the We Are Back group, you know, the ones behind several of the launchers
and the whole exploit, you know, to actually play homebrew stuff.
They've released a program to actually fake update your system.
So in other words, for example, on my system, which was a 1.5, because I have 2, but I upgraded
mine to a fake 1.5.2.
Which will allow me to play Namco Museum Collection which wants to upgrade your system if you
don't.
And it won't play unless you upgrade your system.
But because it tricks it, now you can play it.
And you can do this through just version 1 all the way to 2.
And what's also interesting is actually they're working on it right now because they want
to be perfect on it.
They have a way to revert those systems that actually are 152 and 151 to revert them back
to 15.
So they'll play homebrew stuff.
So if you haven't upgraded yours to 2.0 yet and you're not 1.5.
Why don't they just work on getting the homebrew stuff to work with 2.0 because I kind of want
They have 2.0, they changed all their encryption the way they do it, so it's a little tougher,
but pretty soon it's not going to matter.
They can revert those 1.5.2.1's back to 1.5.
Next step, 2.0's to 1.5.
It's a matter of time, so I don't know, we'll see.
But that's what they've got going on right now.
Other than that, just the same homebrew stuff, made a minesweeper game, it's kind of cool
But um yeah, it's pretty much all that's going on. All right. Uh
Let's get to some housekeeping stuff. Let's start it off with a mailbag. Shall we?
Of course if you want to send us an email you can always drop us a line. It's to go
TOGO at orange lounge radio.com to send us an email. We got just two emails this week
I don't want to spend a whole lot of time on emails tonight because we spent enough time
Talking about stuff, but we did get a couple good emails and we want to read this certainly
This one is a difference of opinion type issue. This one comes to us from Ed M
Sent us this email here says I really enjoy the shows and congrats on the pod show awards
Actually, I don't think did we win something pod show? I don't think that was a podcast
Yeah, the podcast award if if we did win something pod show that's news to me. Hey, cool
No, I think pod show is Adam Curry's side. I I get lost in all that podcasting
So, you know, I'm just I'm just here to talk about games
games. We win a couple awards while we're at it, cool. But no, that's alright. We know
it gets confusing. Here's the real part of the letter we want to read. You guys really
need to lay off parents and how they raise their children. I am a parent with two adolescent
boys who is also a gamer and have been since I was in junior high. You guys on the other
hand are not parents and really have no clue about it. Yet you profess to have it all worked
out. Allow me to be the first to tell you that you forget about it everything you think
will change. Even if I have read and signed your proposed disclaimer, it still would not
have protected my children from the Easter egg in San Andreas had I purchased that for
my sons. In your infinite wisdom you have not addressed how to protect the consumers
from the game developers that you continue to defend that lie their asses off. Rockstar
lied about the hows and whys of that particular programming gem. The game developers have
every right to put into their games whatever they want but if I ask I also
have the right to be told the truth they share in the responsibility let me
finish this mail then we'll respond here games reviews news and like is your
shtick trying to explain to people how to be parents is not stick to what you
know and leave parenting to the parents in the audience burn no actually um Dark
Sakura wrote him back and you know they have they have a nice conversation going
on but we do want to address his email the rest of us want to respond to that
Let me start so he does say that Rockstar lied about the hows and why of
the particular programming gem of course the hot coffee mod going back a couple
months ago to that news there. I do think that there was and I said this a couple
months ago in this the story first came out I do think when Rockstar put this
game out they never intended that mod to be seen I do think they put it in the
game on purpose but somewhere in the testing process they intended to take it
out. As I've mentioned on a previous show, I think a pointer, of course if you design
a game you have a flow chart, right? Basically a ginormous flow chart that works your way
through the game. Whatever led from point, you know, the game to the hot coffee part,
that pointer was taken out. So in Rockstar's eyes, there was no possible way, there was
no up, up, down, down, left, right code that was going to let you access that. It was out
of the game. A very similar parallel would be Dance Dance Revolution Extreme, no there's
no Hot Coffee mod in Dance Dance Revolution Extreme, but there is a song, Memories is
the song, Konami took this song out of the game at the last minute. Why? I don't know.
But instead of taking the game, the song out, all the data's on the disc, but some hackers
found out that if you turn a certain hexadecimal point on, or whatever, hack your card data,
can access the song it's like you're putting the pointer back in on the flow
chart that's what happened with Grand Theft Auto San Andreas I'm almost
positive this is what happened is that that pointer that was intended to get
taken out got put back in and of course with a huge company like Rockstar you
probably have the programmers that knew that was in there but they had thought
they had taken it out and didn't realize that some kid was going to figure out
how to put it back in so whose fault is this in this case I don't know but
But here's what I do know.
Programmers will be taking the extra effort from now on
instead of simply taking a pointer out.
They're gonna go back and recompile all the data
and these games will be pushed back a couple of months
while they rebuild the code from the ground up
to ensure that this crap is no longer in the games
when it's not intended to be.
Because Grand Theft Auto San Andreas has set the bar
at that now, that you can no longer leave this stuff
that you do not want accessed on the disc
because people will find it and they will play it.
and as you can see what happened here.
Now, in regards to the portion of the email
that talks about the person being a parent with kids
and also being a gamer, I'm gonna guess if you're a gamer,
you know what is and isn't appropriate for your kids.
So when we go off on parents or what have you,
please don't assume you, sir, are a part of these people.
Unfortunately, there are many, many out there
educated parents, and you're right,
I may not be a parent myself, but I see it.
I see these parents that are going into the stores
and they're letting their kids boss them around
and the kids are the ones picking up the game
and they don't seem to be,
the people, the parents that are buying the game
are absolutely clueless, this is stuff that's in there.
I have watched a kid pick up Grand Theft Auto San Andreas
and the parent just goes,
is that something you should be playing?
And the kid goes, yeah, it's fine.
And the parent goes, okay, son.
You know, and it's just kinda like,
don't have to be a parent to recognize there's something not going there's
something not right there you know if it was a movie if the movie was rated R the
parent want to know why it's rated R and you know certainly I envision that one
day I may have children and I have ideas on how to raise them so do I necessarily
have kids myself and you know have these first-person experiences no and am I
gonna be the perfect parent no because some other freakin probably if I do have
kids a friend could always expose my kid to the games I don't want him to see and
that's just something we've got to deal with and I say that we talk to our kids
about what is and isn't appropriate in games because just like you would talk
to them about you know sex and you know our rated things talk to them about it
drugs all that stuff and that's the best way is to be a part of your kids life
and I don't think I have to be a parent to necessarily know that I hope I don't
I don't know, that's just my views.
Loki?
Well, games have ratings on them, just like movies
have ratings on them.
Say, for instance, you go see Ken Park,
which has hardcore sex in it with teenagers.
If your kids go and see that, and then they
start going having sex, and they get pregnant,
don't come crying to me because your kids are pregnant,
because you made the bad decision to let them play it.
Same with the game.
That game is rated M, meaning anybody above 17
should be able to play it, not below 17.
So, if you think it's okay for your kids to play it, don't go trying to sue Rockstar because
they're shooting up their school or don't go trying to say, oh they're forever ruined.
You know what, you made the decision, it may have been a bad decision, but you gotta live
with it.
That's basically what it is.
So really the people we're talking to are like dumb grandma who doesn't know anything
and she is suing Rockstar because little Billy saw some polygon boob.
You know what little Billy shouldn't have been playing the game and grandma should have you know, listen to the stupid little thing
That's on every single game the ratings that are on there. That's why they put them on their own put it on there
Just for the hell of it
So, you know what?
Those are the people that the people that want to put the responsibility on the game publishers the ones that are saying
Oh, well, I didn't know that this this game says no over 18. I thought that my son was okay because he 13
We certainly are okay with the disagreement and opinion, that's cool, and we encourage
if you guys have another email, send it on over to go at orangeonstrader.com, anybody
that wants to say something.
Or of course, because we can only read so many emails a show, we do have the forums
as well, and I'm going to be talking about that in a minute during some housekeeping.
Let's get to our second email tonight.
This is from rlove, is the name of the person that sent this.
like that name our love sounds like a late night DJ on a AM station our love
wanted to ask I just wanted to ask if you've heard anything about whether or
not the current logitech wireless controllers will be able to be used on
ps3 and Xbox 360 by the way josh sweden is writing and directing Wonder Woman
I'm not sure what I would be more worried about how bad the movie will be
or how crappy the obviously forthcoming game based on it will be it just proves
once again Hollywood's total lack of creativity. On the plus side, there has to be a Linda
Carter cameo in it. Anything else is sacrilege. That, of course, related to the Wonder Woman
story I mentioned last week. Or was it two weeks ago? I don't remember.
By the way, I read Ooey Bowl, had an interview on 1up.com this week, and he thinks that his
movies are good. Whoa! There's someone who has no grasp of reality
right there. Yes, I did hear about Joss Whedon doing the
Wonder Woman movie or Buffy the lasso Slayer. No, I don't know. Uh, no, I liked Buffy the show
I'm not hardcore about like my roommate. Just you guys know my roommate is hardcore Buffy angel fan. He hard fucking core
DVDs for the record. He has the Buffy soundtrack right here on his computer desk
Don't tell extra for this but he listens to the music in his car and everything and I even know the songs not that there's
Anything wrong with that. I like Buffy, but I mean he's hardcore. I'm sure the movie is gonna be cool
I think serenity looks pretty cool. That's a Joss Whedon thing too. Okay. He looks pretty badass, so we'll see
Who knows can't really say until we start seeing some actual footage from the movie, but Joss Whedon does have that little sense of humor
That's the one thing I did like about Buffy is it was very tongue-in-cheek
So you know if the Wonder Woman movie it could it could benefit from that
Here's the other part of the letter of course the Logitech wireless controllers being able to be used on ps3 and Xbox 360
I would guess no because PS3's really changed their controller from the ground up
It looks I mean the the boomerang style controller now
I just think and especially now that aren't they going bluetooth as well the I don't even know I have a feeling they are
Don't count on it. We don't know for sure our love, but don't count on it sadly
I don't think the wireless is gonna let me put this way what here's what's gonna happen
There's gonna be a third party guy out there that makes a controller
that's gonna basically be able to plug in you know to some adapter or whatever
and that'll be Bluetooth to whatever so you'll be able to use your Logitech
wireless controller with massive lag because that's what's gonna happen you
know what sadly I think you're just gonna have to upgrade your controller to
one of the new wireless controllers but you know don't quote me on it I'm not on
the inside I don't know for sure but I would just think because of the drastic
change that both controllers are going through physically I just I don't see it
happening. Yeah, that does suck because I like using my DualShock PS1 controllers with
my PlayStation 2 because I was a cheap bastard. I know the Xbox 360 one can't work because
they added an extra button. They added the media center button. So I just don't see it
working. The Xbox 360 button is useless. It is. But it's there. The ring of light. It's
just a button. Alright, again if you want to send us an email, togo, T-O-G-O at orangelaundrydo.com.
Square Enix and Namco announced their lineup for the Tokyo Game Show.
Namco is going to be showing Tales of the Abyss, Soulcalibur III, Critical Velocity,
MotoGP4, and Urban Reign for the PS2, Ridge Racer 6, and Frame City Killer for the Xbox
360, and some other games including Tales of Eternia online for the PC.
Squeenix will be showing Final Fantasy VII, Dirge of Cerebras, Kingdom Hearts II, Code
Age Commanders for the PS2 and on PlayStation 2, PC, and Xbox 360 Final Fantasy 11 as to
what capacity they will be showing Final Fantasy 11 on 360, don't know yet.
For all those waiting for Kingdom Hearts 2 to be coming out in October, guess what, it's
coming out next year.
Really?
When did you find that out?
I found that out from the Square Enix guy.
I didn't even hear that announced.
It's not coming out until next year.
It got pushed out of this year.
The big one coming out this year from Square Enix, Dragon Quest VIII.
That's going to be the big one, but Kingdom Hearts, they win, buh-bye.
Oh, I did not know that.
That's news to me.
Yep, next year.
Interesting, okay.
What I also thought was interesting is Square Enix is going to be showing EverQuest II because
I guess they have the distribution rights overseas to that one, which I think is interesting.
Notice what's missing.
Front Mission 5 and, hello, Final Fantasy XII, missing from the showing list at Tokyo
Game Show.
I hope they...
Man, don't you start to worry that the game's just going to get called off.
I'd be so mad. Because the E3 demo a year and a half ago was so pretty.
You know, I'm saying at this point it's probably going to be next-gen. It's gotta be.
I mean, think about it, I'm probably like, ehhhhh, fine.
I don't know about that. I don't know about that.
Extreme Ghouls and Ghosts coming out for the PSP.
That is confirmed by Famitsu Magazine. Of course,
this uh... being based on the ghouls and ghosts series which dates back to the
eighties
uh... it was reinvented on the PS2 etcetera etcetera
uh...
the PSP version will have like branching paths
as determined by certain warp points
uh... each path having its own treasure so you can replay certain levels so you
know just
trying to add something a little new to the game I guess but
Ghouls and Ghosts good game although it's been redone about a gazillion times but
I'm still very loyal to the old Super Nintendo Super Ghouls and Ghosts
so we'll see how the PSP one turns out a little later when this game comes out
I guess next year I don't really see a date for this one so
we'll see. I want to get into some housekeeping tonight, some various
housekeeping news on tonight's podcast
first off we've made some changes to the website just little little changes
our forums we've actually restructured them so we have a forum
strictly for podcast talk now so if you have some feedback you want to talk
about something we talked on the podcast
one of our stories, perhaps further discussion on Hot Coffee Mod,
we encourage you to go to our forums, www.orangeonsradio.com. We have a brand new
Orange on the Radio podcast forum. We're just trying to breathe some life into our forums
because
freaking nobody posts there, so we may have to do a giveaway or something to a
random post to try and get incentive, because we like it when people post there.
It gives me something to read at work when I should be working, as I'm sure a lot of you
feel about it.
Also, we're going to be adding to our page a links
section that will be specific for each podcast.
So some popular links that we talk about,
because a lot of folks have been complaining,
well, you read these links and they're huge,
and we have no way to find these sites.
So we're gonna add a links section
that we can index the links by podcast.
And I actually wanna give you a couple links
that have to do with some show things.
First one is one of our listeners.
One of our listeners, the guy that goes by DJ Ranma S,
who lives out on the East Coast,
he actually has a really creative idea
for Hurricane Katrina relief.
And of course, Hurricane Katrina was a huge impact
this past week and we know we had some very close listeners,
some long time fans of Orange Launch Radio
dating back to, when did we start this thing, 2002?
Back to 2002 when we first started with the live station,
we're affected and lost everything.
And we just, it's so horrible to hear about
and I don't want to get into,
I don't want to get into grim details
because you're here to hear about video games.
But I think what DJ Rama S is doing is really cool.
as you guys know, I'm sure you've seen on many of the popular websites, you can donate
to the Red Cross, but maybe you're thinking, gosh, I don't really have money to give to
the Red Cross. Well, DJ Rama S is actually really big in the cosplay community, so he
thought, well, what do we do in the cosplay community? We're constantly taking clothes
and remaking clothes, and therefore we go through a lot of old clothes. So why don't
we gather up old clothes and give them to Salvation Army, because, you know, these people,
some of them are without the bare essentials right now. So I like this idea, he's calling
at Project Relief and they're trying to collect clothes and just anything you want to give
at various sites. They're doing this a lot on the East Coast but they're trying to organize
collection spots throughout the country. Check it out. It's djrondmas.net slash html slash
project underscore relief dot html. We will of course put a link. I know, see that's such
a huge link. We're going to put a link on orangelaundry.com so you guys can check that
out. So thank you Rond Masse for putting that together and we'll see what we can put together
is a donation for that I think that's a great idea also I this is one of those
things I should have mentioned last week on the show but there's an independent
record label that actually started up in the Sacramento area and they do kind of
goth industrial style music which if you're into UltraMix 2 or DDR UltraMix 3
lately seems to be having quite a bit of that and actually the administrator of
the DDR freaks forums iguana girl is actually throwing her hat into the ring
of this company and we've actually been kind of cross-promoting each other a little bit
so I wanted to give them a shout out. They just released a brand new CD called Blood
and Synth, a compilation. It's the first CD on the label and it just came out this past
week. Check out their site, www.darkrecordsnclothing.com. Not and, but the letter N. Darkrecordsnclothing.com.
So good luck to those guys. Support independent music, guys.
Funny enough, I was just talking to my friend earlier today who lives up around this area
he had mentioned like a co-worker being a DJ and saying yeah his name's DJ
illogical beats and he has this thing coming out with the blood and synth I'm
like I read that on a friend's live journal on the guana girls actually no
less and I was like wow man this world just gets smaller and smaller amazing
yeah he's a co-worker of his Wow that's very cool and right heaven bacon man all
right check that out you guys we definitely want to support the
independent record labels and especially the ones have been supporting us so
So check that out.
All right, let's go into some more news tonight here
to wrap up tonight's show.
Metal Slug 6 is coming out on SNK Playmore.
I'm sorry is the name of the company now.
They showed this off at the 43rd Amusement Machine Show
which happened in Tokyo.
Although it was actually at Sega's booth.
It's the seventh installment in the Metal Slug series
because of Metal Slug X.
and uh... it's being developed for sammy's
a thomas wave platform which would of course be
a little bit different than the neo geo arcade system you used to so this is a
new arcade game that's coming out
metal metal slug six i know there's a lot of metal slugs fans out there so i
just thought i'd
kinda tip my hat at that game let me just say whoop-de-doo
hey last metal slug games have been all the same
except for metal slug 3d which was interesting i don't know if that ever even came out
You know what I did see though, that they were showing at, I think it was at Tokyo Game
Show actually, um, Mario Kart, um...
Tokyo Game Show hasn't happened yet, so, are you thinking, oh, you're thinking of the amusement
show, the amusement show, whatever, the one that Street Fighter IV was supposed to be
at and didn't happen?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Uh, they showed the new Mario Kart arcade game.
Hot!
Oh yeah, hot!
Oh yeah, that's some good stuff right there.
Can't wait.
Anyways.
Sweet Codin' 5 is on its way, and a playable demo of the game will be available at Tokyo
game show September 16th through 18th Suikoden 5 taking place in the
queendom of Felina a kingdom which was referred to a few times in the previous
games don't know quite about the time frame Suikoden 5 but I hear it's gonna
be pretty good I hear if you were disappointed by Suikoden 4 Suikoden 5
will make things better that of course coming out for the PlayStation 2 it will
not be a next-gen game it's gonna be PlayStation 2 you also have to figure
that Suikoden Tactics is going to be in there somewhere right so Suikoden
big thing for Konami right now, unlock all those million characters that are in the game.
Advent Children, Final Fantasy VII Advent Children is going to be getting its own title
song. Of course, title songs being a big thing in Square Games, you know, Simple and Clean,
Eyes on Me, you know. Advent Children, even though it's not a game, it's a movie, has
its own song. Kyusuke Himiro with Calling, but the weird thing is, it's actually from
his 1989 album Neofasiko, but that's the theme song and supposedly says the Advent
Children director Tetsuya Nomura for the setting of Advent Children it's very
fitting so an old 80s classic may his way I got another email the other day
saying it's gonna be November 30th or 29th so November 29th like I said before
interesting son of a bitch they pushed it back but you know was the soundtrack
supposedly being released September 28th well good for them you know but all I'm
hoping is a man all I'm hoping is to see a copy well it's linked to the internet
which will be like the day of or the day after so all right for those you guys
that were kind of ticked off at Xbox 360s you know dual level pricing thing
going on. PlayStation 3 would just like you to know, well at least on British website
gamesindustry.biz, sorry, Sony Computer Entertainment Europe Vice President Phil Harrison said doing
that multiple pricing level for PlayStation 3? Unlikely. So you don't have to worry about
this. You'll just be shelling out 500 bucks for the PlayStation 3 to start. No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding. I don't know. I don't know. Well, let me just put it this way. It's not going
to be cheap
uh... also says phil harrison are there two versions of the xbox three sixty
that people want to buy i don't know
i look at those formats i think it just confuses the audience
they don't know which one to buy developers don't know which one to
create for and retailers don't know which one to stock
so i think we would take that strategy we wouldn't want to create. They made some huge
mistakes doing the double skews on those
uh... first one being is now there's no guarantee that there's going to be a hard drive in there
Developers can't develop their games
with hard drive support.
The other thing that they made a mistake on
is that there's only a DVD drive in there,
not like any next-gen format.
They're running out of space on the DVDs to put the games.
They're gonna run into a lot of hurdles with this thing,
and it's not looking good.
We'll see, we'll see.
King of Fighters just came out this week for the Xbox.
Just kinda wanted to tip our hat at that one.
2002 and 2003 editions coming out for the Xbox.
By the way, it was actually already released
for the PlayStation 2, but this has Xbox Live support.
So, for those of you guys that are into King of Fart,
did I say King of Farters?
Sorry, King of Farters?
Yeah, we're definitely running late here on the show.
Sony, possibly also, by the way,
something that was said by Phil Harrison,
boy, this guy's got a big mouth lately,
but that's good, we like guys with big mouths,
because it gives us a hint to what these companies are thinking.
Possibly charging for PSP downloads in 2006.
Saying that possibly Wipeout Pure was kind of like a test case for something that could
be coming in the future.
He says, it's an experiment which has turned out to be a good experiment.
That quote coming from UK's Edge magazine.
No.
What, Loki?
You're saying no.
No.
Why no?
That's a dumb idea.
Well let me put it this way, with Wipeout you could actually download, well for example
here's a perfect example, you can emulate basically make it look like that your web
browser is a PSP and download that program, oh hey look at there, there's a file that
I can transfer to any PSP.
It's gonna be so freaking easy to pirate that stuff, it's not even funny.
I mean there's all the Wipeout downloads that are out there, you can get them from their
websites or you can get them from any other website that happens to be holding them.
So I don't know.
I know what they're trying to do, but I don't think it's going to work.
Last story tonight, the last story, Bungie, the folks behind Halo getting into the Hurricane
Katrina relief.
This is pretty cool.
They've created a custom t-shirt, and the custom t-shirt shows a little master chief,
and he looks like he's kind of kicking some hurricane butt there.
Like literally, I don't know what that's, it actually looks like a giant cotton ball
with teeth, but I think it's supposed to be a hurricane.
it saying fight the flood and they're selling this little custom shirt trying
to get you know gamers to show support they're saying that roughly fifteen
dollars of each shirt sold will go directly to the hurricane relief effort
so if you're interested in checking that out head on over to a bungee.net and
check that out we'll also of course provide a link to that on our new links
page so that's that the other thing about speaking a little bit about Xbox
here origin xbox or origin xbox 360 another viral site the countdown is gonna be done
on monday the 26th of this month so we'll know what that is apparently bunnies keep
appearing disappearing i really don't give a crap about the bunnies and the tree and
the hole and whatever other crap that's on the tree i'm just hoping it's a release date
which they're saying is gonna be no later than black friday which if it's released on
Black Friday, in other words, the biggest shopping day of the year after Thanksgiving,
that's going to fucking suck.
All I know is I was smart this time and did not pre-book my system at the mall.
I did a really small game stop that's nearby my house so I can go pick it up and leave.
Sounds good.
Alright, wow, we broke an hour tonight, kids.
Our first podcast over an hour in length.
It's definitely time to wrap it up.
We just have a lot to say.
And plus, you know, we've been doing a little drinking, so we're rambling.
responsibly kids don't drink and drive I won't uh let's go around and get
everybody's final thoughts Mel B thank you for being here tonight appreciate
you kind of filling in for Dark Sakura the last time of the show well thanks
for having me I mean I guess being the first guest on the podcast you know this
means something I mean see wasn't I there for like the first orange lounge
promo as well you one of our first promo you were there like probably within the
first two months of our live program way back in 2002 so so you know as we say in
I ain't new to it. I'm true to it. Well, we appreciate you being loyal to us. Thank you very much
And thank you for your tips earlier on tonight on the game industry. Oh, yeah, definitely a no problem, man
Um, hopefully I'll be back for another show, you know be a podcaster live and of course, you know
I'll probably be bringing in a couple more new CDs along
Well, you didn't touch on that on the pod not on the podcast, but we did talk about it on
Another program that we do for orange launch radio
The new CDs by Zonk and Orifiz which are going to be actually part of
UltraMix 3. Actually I'm not sure about Zonk's involvement in UltraMix 3 but
Orifiz being one of them. Yeah Orifiz is definitely a Basile. This song will be in
UltraMix 3. I had talked to Dave who is the guy behind Orifiz and actually is
also one of the musicians on Zonk and he said that they're looking into a
possible download for a future song. I mean yeah I've gotten to hear them. I
I actually got to see them in concert a couple times,
just in the past couple months.
They're actually gonna be taking a break from touring
because the lead singer is actually having a baby.
Oh, nice.
Yeah.
Very cool.
Well, I like supporting the independent music,
so check this out, www.zonkaholics.com.
So think zonk, like, let's make a deal, zonkaholics.com.
Check out more info on that.
Thanks for being here, Bill.
Loki, your final thought.
Thanks to all the publishers that I gave
those wonderful press kits out to there,
listening to the show all like few of you but I was Namco dude if you're
listening sorry I ripped on your game tonight but it really did suck I don't
think he won the Namco actually okay well then I don't remember cuz I like
other katabari mashi love it Konami Konami's got one I gave one of the Tomo
guy which is awesome they were great we're actually supposed to go this is
funny we're supposed to go in with Daniel and Eric from Tomo or no not
Daniel. Tomo, we're the guy from Koei and the guy from H-Tech or Tomo, the guy at Basic
Club that distributes them.
Ah, stop me.
Anyways, anyway, okay. We're supposed to go on white water rafting in the spring, which
is interesting. How's that for company relationships? But no, it was really fun. I enjoyed talking
with them. I talked their ears off about their product and I'm glad that I had someone to
talk to who I actually understood what I was talking to. Well, hopefully they understood.
It was just fun and really I got to learn a lot of stuff and make those connections
that we really needed to make and hopefully Daniel at Konami is going to be sending me
those V-Rares for Extreme 2 and Ultramix 3.
And hopefully some of these companies will listen to your pleas for prizes that we're
going to turn around to our listeners.
Yeah, we plug a lot of the games out here.
We talk about everything that comes out and everything and it's really cool and I love
playing everything out there I play whatever I get my hands on so
my final thought is we gotta wrap this stuff up
we're over an hour tonight but that I truly want to thank you guys for
listening to us and supporting us our shows just continue to grow
in the you know six months we've been doing it actually no God
it's been like nine months now thank you guys so much
tell a friend about the show you know you can always throw us a vote on podcast alley
or one of the other podcast sites just
help us spread the word that's the best way that we can continue to grow
things will be coming. Maybe we'll break the two-hour mark soon enough. No, we're gonna
keep these shows under an hour usually. But thank you guys for listening, and we'll see
you next time on the Orange Lounge Radio To-Go Edition. Happy gaming!
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To-Go Edition. This podcast is a proud part
www.orangeloungeradio.com. See you next update!
