Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI Sound Format.
Oh
Oh
Call me daddy
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of
Vou-a-vou-tra-vou-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at
www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
We are NOT fucking live, and this is an episode that didn't fucking happen on September fucking
4th, 2005. Thank you very much, Live365. You're tuned in to a special taped message of-
Not so Live365.
Yeah, fucking downtime 365. You're tuned into a special pre-taped message for our fans who
tried to tune in tonight but couldn't anyway. We had a fucking hell of a show for you guys
too I'm so mad that this didn't happen we have so much booze Mahal you're tuned
in to orange lounge radio radio the gamers really want this is orange lounge
radio unlive you're home for all the delayed news and postponed discussions
orange lounge radio dead on rhythm and music games and well as the gamer and
angst filled community and the poop culture world we're plugged in and fully
interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com but not tonight
because you have to be a member of our live journal community to hear this
message because you're special and we love you with a zombie edition of Orange
Lounge Radio we wanted to do this my name is Rob Roberts you might know me as
Sky and I've had quite a bit of pineapple Malibu tonight mixed with seven
up it's been quite yummy and joining me as always the one and only dark Sakura
I'm on Guinness number two and I'll have it finished within 30 seconds one two
three oh my god this bitch is chugging awesome also with us tonight say hello
to Loki this time I'm down my I'm on my first drink and I'm eating popcorn
because the popcorn I have is blasto butter blasto butter it's like blasto
Arteries is what it's more like we have some special guests that were ready to be on the show tonight, but you know
Live 365 was like fuck you. I don't want to do well. I actually talked to Konami this week
So I mean, you know, yeah, it's it's a conspiracy. But let me let me get to the guests tonight
We have the one and only mr. Mel B is here tonight dead 365 represent. How you doing Mel?
What do you want to say to the listeners that are listening postponed Lee a delayed aloha to you and aloha means hello, and goodbye
Aloha's the theme of tonight say hello. I'm so I am so freaking mad Guinness is gone
Guinness is a job somebody get this bitch another Guinness
Happy wedding day or whatever. Yeah, see I'm double I'm quadruple pissed still at 365 I
I wasn't going to be here this weekend. Remember that was the plan because I was supposed to be getting laid. I mean, I
Mean I mean constipating my
Yeah, now it's constipating my marriage I
Was gonna come be on the show. Well, thank you my puppy
I was gonna come be on the show and have such a good time and be all happy and say how cool it is
is to eat and drink a lot and now now your microphones breaking up because it
knows that your eggs filled well when you treat your microphone like that
that's why it acts like that and now I need more liquor because I took the time
out of my honeymoon my five days off from work to come up here for this
although I love you guys I love you too happy wedding I do oh oh shit I gotta
get that song queued up okay first say hello to a guest that hasn't been here
in like a year and a half if not more and the bitch was here tonight and we
didn't get to do a show tonight so say hello to the orange lounge madam pixie
dust hey what's up you're a bitch I haven't been fucking gone for a year and
a half yes you have a bitch what was last time I saw you when I brought you
those fucking ho-hos you asked for! You the ho-ho! No, you the fucking ho-ho! Bitch, when
was the last time you got laid? This mornin'! I just rolled over and it fell in! The best
thing I ever had was some of the sliced bread! Say hello to the man that gets to pork the
pixie dust. No stylin'! Hi, how's everybody doing? Good, how are you? This is amazing
hahaha you know you talk more when you're on this program than you do on
the internet
I'm never on the internet buddy you you don't you're not on the internet anymore
what happened did you get banned from ddrfreak or something
four years ago buddy four years ago
actually now that I think about it I think that was my fault thank you
yes it was Doc's Dick Noxicua Dick Sakura is that what you said?
I mean Dark Sakura. You asked. Dick Sakura?
Hitch. Yes yes. Okay bitch now listen to this.
Plug, plug! Plug it in, come on.
Say hello to the mod of the month, Dick Sakura. You can bite my ass, okay?
No thank you. Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob,
Rob, hand. Yes, here's my hand.
We are not loves, Sean. That's because Rob's drunk.
That's not John, that's Shane. Sean?
Shane. This is Sean.
I can't believe I'm buying another puppy right now.
Say hello to Shane.
Don't say hello.
Yo.
So Mikolatov was here for tonight's show, even though we're not doing a show.
This is a special pre-taped message for our friends on the LiveJournal community who are
pissed off that we didn't do a show tonight.
So we're doing this for them.
So three people?
Yeah, I know.
But this was great.
You know, Mikolatov was here tonight and he was going to tell us the entire song list
for Xtreme 2, but now, thanks to Live365, it's gone, not going to happen.
4400 is awesome!
Okay, this game is pissing me off because I'm getting
every Shiba Inu except for the white one so that I can name it Menchi.
Okay. Like in Excel Saga. Dork.
You can always feed Menchi to the other dogs in case, you know, you didn't have enough food.
Alright, alright. Here's what we're going to do. We're going to do a couple of our favorite segments here on
Orange Lawn's radio
for our, you know, a few dedicated people that are downloading this program.
The first one we're gonna do tonight is how was your week? How was your day?
but there's a twist tonight because
We're talking about our bandwidth and people are gonna be downloading this program unless they you know
We put it on a CD later for them to buy
Because we're talking about that
You have to do how was your week how was your day in one sentence
How was your week? How was your day in one sentence?
All right, dark Sakura
Fuck you semicolon, I got married.
Loki, how was your week, how was your day, one sentence.
Game publishers came to my company and are giving me cool stuff.
Mel B, how was your week, how was your day, one sentence.
Sega Genesis games owned me all week.
Pixie Dust, the orange lounge madam, how was your week, how was your day, one sentence.
Biking ends the shit. Yes it is, yes it is.
it is. No stylin'. How was your week? How was your day? One sentence. Hi, I'm your salesman.
Bye bye. Hey, that was two sentences. It has a semi-colon. Mr. Mel B. Mel B, how was your
week? How was your day? One sentence. Fuck, I've been drinkin'. That's mine. Fuck, I've
been drinkin'. No encore performances. Here, give it to that guy. Give it to that guy.
mikkelotov mazel tov the 4400 season finale was awesome
all right so you guys are playing Nintendo how's the Nintendogs thing
going for you Dark Star? I have puppies I'm getting I'm gonna get another puppy
and I'm gonna name him Menchie Menchie flavor all right so you know that we're
a little bit angsty. You're in the fro, you have, you, look at this. My dog, he has an
african fro. My dog, my dog has a pirate hat. It's awesome. I don't have any hats, but I
have a ribbon now. I can, I can give you a present when we do bark mode later. I'll win
a hat. Anyway. I gave you a ghetto tennis ball. I'm getting, I'm getting off track here,
not that that's anything unusual, but I do want to get into the FUs of the week, boys
and girls because you know that we are filled with angst tonight we have to
share it excuse me whoa that was like a verb right there we have to get some of
this angst out tonight and we know there's gonna be at least one person to
downloads this so we're getting out the eggs tonight what are you pointing at
penguin yes that is a penguin no styling good job
what color is it can you say what this is bottle not all Rob with a bottle
bottle okay dark soccer oh why is it we do the F use the week every single week
even when we don't get allowed to do a show that because we hate my 365 not
but I really
I'm sorry I was playing jump poop with my puppy
um
Live 365 when they announce a particular time to do
their maintenance these actually fucking stick with it
and I need more booze that's all oh yeah yeah one more thing
Getting married at the Department of Justice is like going to the DMV of weddings. Thank you.
How was your wedding though?
It was short and Dan kept making faces at me to keep me from violently heaving all over the performer.
Iguana Girl said that she only had to go through two pieces of Kleenex.
Oh, she went through two pieces of Kleenex?
No, two pieces of Kleenex.
I was about to, like, you know, start heaving violently and Dan's like,
By the way, I'm gonna make faces at you.
You bastard!
So yeah, I'm married now, and all of this stuff is mine.
That's an awesome way to look at it, FYI.
Alright, let's go to, um, Loki, with his FUs of the Week.
Hey, it's my screwdriver.
Now, um, my official week, first off is to Nintendo because I actually have to take care
of the dog, I have to feed it every day, it's like having an actual dog.
Why do I have to pay, you know, have an actual dog?
That sucks.
But anyways, so, I do it for the hell of it, and I don't have a jump rope, so that's sad.
Um, but anyways, um, then also, uh, fuck you to stupid drivers because they're all out
there, just, you know, hordes of them, especially the holiday season, just sucks.
Guess the live 365 because I had a lot of music. I want to play and that sucks, but you know what?
I will still be drinking next week
Why do you get to drink next week? Well, what is next week? Oh your birthday? Oh
damn
So, uh, I'm taking that Monday off. So hopefully hopefully I can drink next week, you know
pending on if I can get a ride, but um
Penny and if I can get a ride, I'll be drinking next week.
Alright, and that's all.
Alright.
My FUs.
My FU of the week goes to lie365 for fucking up our live show and disappointing our listeners.
I hate you guys.
You know, I know, in case somebody from lie365 actually hears this, I don't really hate you
guys but you don't piss me off with this.
This was not good for business, and if we go somewhere else because of this, you know,
I don't want you to be surprised.
But that's that for now.
Otherwise I give an FU to Miklotov for forcing me to buy Pump It Up, although he did pay
for half of it, so I love him for that.
Miklotov?
I know, I ended up paying $20 for Pump, so I guess I shouldn't just complain, but that's
more money than I've ever spent playing Pump It Up, so...
Thank you. Thank you Miklotov. Thank you. Alright. And let me think, what else? I give
an F.U. to the fact that I have a whole week off of work and because of the price of gas,
I'm not going to be able to go anywhere. That kind of pisses me off. Gas prices suck. I
can't believe you drove up here today, Mel B. Because gas prices fucking suck. Nah, in
Georgia, $6 for premium. Here, it's hard to complain when we're here and not, you know,
That was affected by that horrible horrible hurricane, but yeah, it still sucks. I still want to bitch
well, at least if there's any consolation to attorney general of California is actually looking into investigating the
Gas companies out here for a price gouging because we're basically not affected by you any
Refineries that are hallelujah stick it to the man
That's what I say in the butt stick it to the man in the butt actually in in defense though
So, Jubb has finally done something right.
For all the people price gouging in Florida, he is arresting them and giving them hefty
fines.
Good.
I've heard in some cases, inequivalent to the profits made after gouging the price.
Sounds good to me.
Alright, we're gonna go around and see some other angst in the room tonight.
And tonight's music we're gonna use as a background for the F.U. music was something we were gonna
plug on tonight's show, except we didn't fucking have a show.
is a compilation blood it's blood and synth a compilation and it comes from
dark records and you should visit their website dark records in the letter N
dark records and clothing comm so not and but an end dark records in clothing
and the song we're going to use is in vitro with foreign land all right so
let's get out some angst to this um oops and I I should probably all right let's
Let's get some angst out to this song.
Starting off with who's got a mic, Mel B. Oh gosh, definitely Effy The Live 365 for
just not coming through this time.
Even when I listen to you guys at work, man, I listen to some of the worst ads that they
put out.
You know, like after three songs, I have to hear some booty-ass R&B singer who ain't never
gonna cut it in any kind of, I mean, they're not gonna be American Idol, Botswana Idol,
none of that shit.
Botswana Idol!
I swear to God, we are seriously contemplating moving after tonight's little shindig, so just...
We know that our listeners will move with us if we go to another site, so...
And not to sound like a pompous ass, but we know they will. We love them.
They love us!
So anyway, sorry.
So yeah, F.E.T. them, F.E.T. $3 gas, man. That's... I mean, yeah, I'm a sucker for driving up here,
but hey, you know, I would be a fool for you guys any week.
Awwww!
Okay. Oh, okay. Mel B. Can I is this supposed to be a secret or can I say thank you for this?
Oh Mel B gave me copies of orifice and Zonk's latest albums orifice
I know or if is I guess but it's I like saying orifice cuz you know, it sounds like a but um, so
We're gonna put the song bass bass ill in the rotation because that's their new Ultra Mix 3 song and Zonk
Well, we just got we're gonna play a CD at some point cuz they're cool. So alright, so that was kind of like
uh what was that you can't do it on television we were into opposites but we're actually giving
props instead of giving fus yeah i don't know whatever okay anyway back to reality um fu also
to uh my atari 2600 man it's like i went to classic gaming expo two weeks ago i go out and
buy an ac adapter and like a cable so i could put it into like a real tv and not those like
you know rf adapters from like the 80s what happens you know i get all this stuff that you
you know now I can finally play circus Atari and breakout and guess what my
Atari 2600 is dead oh that sucks I mean man 20 years couldn't have just held out
another like six months wait what system you know um depending on how long you're
gonna be in town um the auction out here usually sells 2600 pretty damn cheap
maybe might be crashing out of I'll hunt one down for you okay good times but I
I think that's about you can mod those new Atari, whatever those flashbacks the flashbacks flashback to to have a
Cartridge slot and then it's all pinned out for you. So you just you solder some wires and you're good to go
I'll be damned and on that note. I'm going to pass it over this way. Miss pixie dust the
orange lounge madam what's on your mind fuck me baby fuck fuck you fuck you hard
huh oh yeah fuck me bitch well fuck you to people that think they're Paris
Hilton and they can bring their dogs in the fucking grocery store fucking nasty
and I'm specifically pointing out one fat bitch that comes in on a scooter and
smells like shit that comes in all the time bitch no one wants to see your
nasty ass fucking Chihuahua mutt if you really want to bring a dong on the store
drop down on the like $200 go get Nintendo and be done with it because no
one wants to see your dog climbing up your titty thank you have a nice day
Viking is the shit and I'm all good for now
all right no styling hi how again hi everybody I'm gonna do a sales pitch on
the phone no I'm not actually I've been doing great weekend there's no F you so
I'm gonna pass the mic wonderful positive gotta be positive about this
weekend fuck you and your pops gasoline you know where that goes anyway well
here we go tonight no no butt sex for you none as if there was any to get me
Miklotov dude my book my dog is really good with the soccer ball f you know
okay f you f you to it not being next summer for the next season of the 4400
F you too now no suck yeah I guess all right so that's it for the F use of the
week what else can we get out of the way on this show here um let's see what hmm
music music I guess we could do one song two songs wait why do we have to do two
songs I don't do one song one thing I wanted to get out real fast so a news
that happened this week DDR ultra mix to unlock code up up down down left right
left right BA up up down down left right left right BA in controller port for in
the credit screen and you unlock all the songs that was announced this week of
course I knew that for like god knows how long. Pssst, so did I. Shh, but that's a secret.
Alright, um. I'm surprised they never figured it out for like UltraMix until like DDR spot
unloaded on everybody. So on UltraMix 3, here's the hint. Try it 3 times and maybe it'll work
because you know, with 1 you only had to do it once, 2, 2, so maybe 3 times. Anyway, uh,
V-Rare Tracklist was revealed for Xtreme 2, a bunch of fucking repeats basically, Destiny,
the piano version, Feelings Won't Fade, Extended Transmix, Midnight Blaze, System SF Mix, Can
Be Real, Soulhouse Extended, Seduction, the vocal remix.
So basically a lot of shit you've pretty much heard before except we've got Yuzo Koshiro
with You've Gotta Move It, but otherwise you've got Sakura, Can Be Real, Colors, Infinite
prayer quickening under twa be lovin I need you love more lately yes I know the
seductions brand-new you know I'm sure it'll be a kick-butt v-rare and you
should all go buy it put down your five bucks go eat your v-rare guitar freaks
strum mania v2 is on its way blah blah blah blah blah DDR extreme won the video
music awards for best soundtrack but you didn't see it on the actual show because
it was one of those pre show awards they gave away in other words MTV doesn't
a shit about DDR. But that's okay, because I don't give a shit about MTV, so it works out.
A few other things that I mentioned.
Alright, go for it.
Talking to Konami rep. In case you didn't know, there's gonna be a demo on the two new DDRs,
DDR Extreme 2 and Ultramix 3, for Karaoke Revolution Pop.
Now, that's some juicy tidbit. I didn't know this. Say this.
And the same thing for Karaoke Revolution 4, or Party, or whatever. It's gonna be a
Demos for you know, whatever one vice-versa. That's I don't think we've I've heard this anywhere yet
So wow, our listeners just got a real juicy tidbit there
So if you were able to put up with a show at this point also was worth it
let me just say
well, I don't know if I can say anything but
Konami's gonna be spending more time in the courts. Let me just put that way. Ooh
Interesting so you made a new friend at Konami that told you all sorts of stuff didn't you? Yeah, he's my new friend
He's gonna send us actually the v-rares for Ultramix 3 and Extreme 2 pretty soon. Very interesting. So we'll get the first tidbits on that
Oh, I'm excited. I'm hopefully Ultramix 3. He said whatever he has so stay tuned to Orange Lounge
But um, we got that and I got a ton of diverse system stuff. We've got you know, lots of fun stuff
All right, we're gonna play one song on this little special show. This is actually from not diverse system
this is from good good cool the ultra expander and
And, um, it's a remix of Absolute, the ultimate remix, and it definitely fits that title.
Alright, so here it is, we're gonna play this for you guys on the Orange Lounge Radio Not
Show that we didn't have tonight.
cool with DJ Taka the absolute ultimate mix here it is on Orange on Radio
This is the end of the video.
If you liked the video, please subscribe and like it.
Thank you for watching.
good cool with DJ Taka absolute the ultimate remix here on the orange lounge
it didn't happen episode it won the cage match that never happened yes it won the
cage match that never happened actually because I had a really funny song you
know me because I've picked my song tonight too we didn't even get to do it
bastards oh well we hope you guys enjoyed this little interlude you know
We tried to do something for you guys the hardcore fans, and we're really sorry
But this was something that was really beyond our control not having a show tonight
We're pissed off too because we had a real kick-ass lineup for you guys would have been great show
But this is all you get so final thoughts
Dark Sakura before we go tape our podcast Dark Sakura
reject those icons
Loki I
licked the popcorn clean and fuck live 365 and
and my final thought is
my final thought is lather, rinse, repeat
pixie dust your final thought
I need some Guinness to go with these cookies
and Mel B your final thought
where were my drinks? have a Guinness! go get one!
have a Guinness, they're good for you, they're full of vitamin G
all right and vitamin i uh the final word of the show that didn't happen uh pixie dust
yes bike it in that does it for another episode of orange lounge radio live orange lounge radio live
is an Orange Lounge radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website.
