prepare to file more Joy-Con drift warranty replacements, break out your free Nintendo gloves, and get ready to play Mario Party 1 again!
I have vivid memories of wrecking both my palm and analog sticks playing Mario Party 1's minigames.
Once GoldenEye is available too, we're going to be gaming like it's 1999.
Maybe it's a good thing I haven't managed to buy Nintendo 64 controllers for the Switch yet.
This is my rose-tinted glasses story.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode number 934 of our program for tonight.
October the 23rd of 2022. My name is Rob Roberts and I am here every week to talk about the latest and greatest, greatest, greatest, greatest, greatest games with my co-hosts.
Although clearly I trip over my own words quite frequently. Say hello first off to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hello, hello. How are you?
I'm dealing with stuff. Still fighting a losing battle with my voice.
Yeah, my voice is in a weird place too. I feel like I might have caught a cold when I hosted that show, but like it's certainly not the big one because I've had that more than enough times at this point.
So yeah, I just feel like a little sinacy. I don't know how to put it, but my voice still doesn't feel 100% tonight, which is weird.
I've been dealing with this since TwitchCon and then before that when I had that bad cough, my voice was going and I'm wondering if I haven't done some kind of long term damage.
Oh yikes, I hope not.
Yeah, this is about as much voices as I've had now for the last couple of days and it wears off pretty, pretty quickly. So I'm, I'm working with my doctor on it. I think it's that I've missed work and I'm out of sick time.
So I mean, I'm on I'm on a temporary leave, which means I'm protected. But at the same time, I'm not getting paid. So I'm gonna talk to my doctor and see if this gets me on like some type of short term disability or something until we figure out what's going on.
Fair enough. Go to our chat because we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific over at the voice geeks network twitch.tv slash vog network or VOG network.
And you can catch us right after the Bobby Blackwell show on Sunday nights and chat along with our program where Jessiks is saying grapes equals wine, making a play on what when I said the grape is earlier.
Pod culture says, man, Rob must have been drinking before the show. Not tonight, oddly enough. No, I know my shirt is grape colored tonight. But no, I am I'm surfeitly pober tonight. And I yeah, I don't know what to blame, but myself. You know, I'm new at this actually. I'm new to Twitch actually and streaming. This is our first
Twitch. Yeah, this is our first, you know, podcast. So please be actually I can't say that. This is the first podcast I've ever done. It's just still going all these years later.
Technically, but not the first show you've done.
No, not the first show I've done, but the first podcast. Yeah. All right. Also say hello, of course, to someone who I think it's his first podcast as well. Say hello to tech master or should I say Minecraft master Loki.
Hello, I'm getting title changes today.
Maybe I don't know why not. I'm messing everything else up. Why don't I change up titles to
You've you've you've evolved.
That's true. Well, let me ask this. I know we're not into the gaming weeks yet. But did you play anything but Minecraft this week?
No.
So is my title incorrect?
It is correct.
Well, I know a game you must be thinking about playing is Silent Hill 2. I see that playing in the background there. So I wonder what could be influencing that pick tonight.
I couldn't think of anything to put in there except for, you know, Silent Hill, I guess.
Yeah, no, I mean,
it was, you know what I was hovering over before I picked Silent Hill 2?
What's that?
Yaris.
Oh, okay. Well, yeah, didn't that didn't wasn't there something about like that just hit its anniversary of some sort? Was it like the 10 year anniversary or something in that game just recently?
I don't know.
It was recently in the media again recently. I don't remember why. But I mean, you would think most people forgot about Yaris.
We have to remember our mistakes so that we don't repeat.
Why do you keep reminding me that it existed?
I think I think it's the internet reminding us that Yaris is now eligible to be a classic game of the week, I think.
All right. Let's get into Okay, so we brought up Silent Hill 2. Let's get into some of the big news from this week. You know, we talked about it last week because we knew there was an announcement of an announcement coming.
But this week, we actually got the announcements when it comes to Silent Hill.
Dark Soccer, I know this is a series you're a fan of as well.
Tell us a little bit about the Silent Hill direct or transmission or the heck they called it was a direct Come on.
Oh, Lord, there's a lot of stuff that came out with Silent Hill and to go ahead and start with it.
I want to talk about the movie.
They've got Christoph Ganz coming back to do a direct sequel based off of Silent Hill 2.
You know, I guess with some updates here and there because there is some pretty dated content in the original game.
But I like the quote on here that Ganz said the film tells the story of young guy coming back to Silent Hill where he has known a great love and what he's going to find is a pure nightmare.
And of course, we'll see the Red Pyramid.
I like how he says I was talking about the Red Pyramid thing, you know, the guy with the helmet.
That's actually cute.
So now I know that the other sequel was based on Silent Hill 3 and I liked it for what it was.
But it wasn't great.
I would like to see an actual Silent Hill 3 retelling in the order that they're doing like this is going to be an official Silent Hill 2 movie.
I want an official Silent Hill 3 movie, you know, that type of thing.
So also going up there's Bloober.
What a silly name.
But they're doing a Silent Hill 2 remake is a timed PS5 console exclusive, and I don't know what I what I think about it.
PC.
Yeah, I mean, it looks pretty, but I mean, I'm trying to get a better look at James's face.
I mean, it looks like it could be really, really good, but I'm not a fan of Bloober's track record.
You know, they made James kind of hot.
Like they gave him a new voice.
It's pretty, but it's no enhanced edition.
I mean, sheer quality that was.
I was trying to play a little bit of the trailer here for those watching on Twitch, and I actually accidentally got audio coming through.
Sorry about that.
He does look really good, I have to say.
But the what I'm most impressed with is the level of expression on his face.
Like he actually looks like he's feeling like actual pain and confusion.
And, you know, and also Red Pyramid looks really good.
But I wonder if he has a tongue.
That's a really good point about the expression.
You know, I didn't even really think about that when I was kind of joking, because, you know, Shane and I were texting about this all week.
And he didn't agree with me that I was like, James got hot.
He did agree with me, but it didn't pick either.
He's very particular, aren't we all a little bit, but it didn't occur to me.
But when you said that, I'm like, Oh, I think you're right on the money with that is that by kind of doing a recapture of him.
So just why they probably don't even have the code for the original game or whatever.
They probably have motion captured now anyway.
But to do that, you're right.
Like Jamie, when she says you're capturing the emotion because some of these scenes, especially like the mirror scene.
And you know, some of the scenes near the end without giving anything away are very emotional.
And the fact that they can like capture that in the face in a way that Silent Hill 2, you know, the PS2 couldn't do the same way.
Like, I think that's going to be huge for this game.
That's a really good point you bring up.
Well, funny, though, when you started saying that it was right after I made the tongue comment.
Because we all know about Pyramid Head's tongue, right?
Yeah. So I'm I'm curious.
Well, then it was supposed to come out of this little hole in the thing.
Side note, going to Dead by Daylight.
On Pyramid Head's model in Dead by Daylight, that part of his helmet has been bolted down, but the tongue is rendered.
Interesting.
Yeah. Anyway, that's it for Silent Hill slash Dead by Daylight trivia.
There's also Silent Hill Ascension, which is a choose your own adventure sort of streaming series.
Hmm. So, well, you want to bring it back to DBD? I believe behavior is involved with that one.
Yes, behavior is involved with it.
But nothing to do with the four versus one game. It's just coincidence.
It's interactive. I wonder if it's going to be like some AR thing or if it's going to be like a group vote to see what happens next or
it says audience members can work together to impact the story at every turn.
So I wonder if it's going to be like a big, like massive voting thing.
Yeah, I it seems like a very ambitious thing because a part of me is kind of like, well, is it like a until dawn type of approach?
You know, where like you pick things in it, but it with the live chat, it really seemed like, oh, they're doing but I don't know, it would seem kind of
I don't want to say I don't want to use a lot of negative words. But like, I'm not sure I like the idea of just like the internet votes and we do that thing. Is that really innovative?
Like I wonder if there's a more to it.
I wonder if it isn't now you know, it would be innovative.
If that chat is like you the Twitch streamers Twitch chat influences your story and what's happening. That's a little more innovative to me.
But we I mean, the reality is we don't know we did the same thing with the quarry. Yeah, yeah.
A lot of streamers did. Yeah, that's true. That's true. So we don't know a lot right now, but it looks interesting.
I think it's gonna be be pretty neat. If you want to give your comments on the next feature.
Sure. Let's talk a little bit about Silent Hill F. So I don't know if y'all saw the trailer, let me put it up on the other screen. But so there's another Silent Hill that's going to be coming another game that they announced and it really, it doesn't have anything to do with the other games. So it's not like a remake or, you know, spin off or any of that, but it's, it's a whole new story.
And instead of being set in a, you know, Centralia, Pennsylvania type of town or whatever, it's it's actually Japan in the 1960s. And, you know, in the trailer, we don't see Pyramid Head, but we see like the, you know, kind of something's wrong with her scary schoolgirl carrying like an iron pipe or something.
And then you see this very interesting, like floral character towards the end of the video and her face falls off and it's very scary. So I gotta say I, I liked artistically where this was going. I have no idea what the F the game is. That's, that's maybe why they call it Silent Hill F because we don't know what the F the game is.
I liked when the announcement was in the stream. Everyone was like F's in chat.
Well, and then my other joke was I sure hope they put out an art box for Silent Hill F, the Silent Hill F art box, but we'll see. Alright, anyway, now that I've shown that I'm 12 years old. Anyhow, yeah, Silent Hill F, we don't know when it's coming out. But we do know some of the names that are associated with this, even if you don't know who they necessarily are, because a lot of streamers when they saw that the writer of the game was Ryukishi07 were like, Who? Who's that?
Well, you know, you probably may not know who Ryukishi07 is over here. But they did works on series such as When They Cry, Higurashi When, When They Cry, Umoniko When They Cry. And then I guess Higurashi is like a cult following of sorts has one of those online. So they're like a known like visual novel kind of artist, at least in Japan. And so I'm assuming maybe those you on the convention circuit and those that follow the Japanese culture and media a little
closer than than I do necessarily probably recognize the name. And then the creature and character design is by Kira in the trailer. So it is kind of interesting that it does seem to be some new names and some new blood pun intended into the Silent Hill franchise. But part of what makes me happy about the Silent Hill
Direct, like, number one, the whole thing had a low bar to begin with. Let's be real. So the fact that yes, Konami has given Silent Hill 2 to Bloober. They gave Silent Hill F to another studio. It's not being made internally. Who is making this one? Darn it. I forgot the name. But it was they I think they did like, the resident
code something. Yeah, they did. No code. It was no code. Yeah, they did the spin off games Resident Evil, the multiplayer stuff. So they haven't done like huge profile things. But I think that's interesting. And then we had of course, you know, we talked about that the one dark soccer just talked about was, you know, behavior entertainments evolved there. There's another one we didn't get into Silent Hill transmission. I think it was called the one that Annapurna is publishing that the developers of Oh, God, what was that scary horror game with the computer had like the 80s
graphics. I need to look in chat because you guys are going to know this. Yeah, Annapurna is more like a publisher. And Rama. So Rama who does follow Japanese culture a lot closely, mentioning that Oh, this is the person behind Higurashi. Rama says in chat, you are in for a tweet, especially if you like mind fucks. Well, you know, Silent Hill fans, they tend to like mind fucks. So this is gonna be pretty fucking good. It sounds like Thank you
Mike Deaf to remember the name of the game Stories Untold. So it's by the developer of Stories Untold is doing the transmission game. So yeah, this is what I wanted. I wanted Konami to take one of their big IPS and say, you know what, we don't know how to make games anymore. So we're gonna bring in outside talent to make games. And that's great. Honestly, this makes me excited for a Castlevania Direct, to be quite honest. I hope there's big things in store for that franchise next.
Now, was I completely like bouncing off the walls and ceilings at what I saw? No, because in all of these previews, we didn't see a single lick of gameplay in any of them. None of them showed gameplay, not even Silent Hill 2 showed gameplay. I mean, that's probably
Well, it's sort of, they sort of kind of showed what it would look like, because it's gonna be different camera.
It was in engine, but we don't know for sure. But,
Right. Yeah, but Akira Yamaoka.
Yeah, no.
Doing new music.
There's a lot of things to be very happy about. And I'm feeling a lot more positive about this than I was going into it. I don't want to make big proclamations that are too, too big, bigger, bigger than I trust Konami to fill into.
But I hope with as much bullshit. Well, I shouldn't use that word because it's all been deserved. So with as much shit as Konami has rightfully gotten online in the past few years for the direction their company has taken in many directions.
I hope this is a sign that someone at the top finally heard the fucking message. And this is the start of a new creative direction for Konami.
I really, really hope again, I feel like I'm putting big pants out there that I'm not sure these business folks at Konami really know how to fill but I'm gonna hope I'm gonna wish thoughts and prayers that this is the beginning of a bold for them new creative direction for Konami and that would be that would make me very happy.
By the way, that what I'm saying that completely set because I know some of you will be like, but the arcade games are doing fine and DDR is great and sound voltage. I please a reminder. Konami's arcade division, which is the same as the slot machines that the pachinko's they're doing just fine. So all of that I'm not touching I'm talking about Konami home entertainment, who's doing the console games.
Yo, case set is gone, girl. They're gone. So you know, they shut all those offices down. So if this is the start of a new creative direction for Konami's and how they they plan to approach home entertainment. I'm very excited. So Questbuster in chat says I'd rather have Konami ask others to do something with their Titanic library of IP than wait for them to do it themselves. Yes to that.
Dark Tetsuya says yeah, I get you the criticism is towards the home division, whatever's less left of that. Yes, very much that part. Honestly, honest to God. Let's all be thankful. There was no mobile game announcement in this direct. There was no NFT game announcement in this direct. There was a you know, there's there's a lot of things to celebrate in this. So so let's let's take a moment to give let's get let's all take a moment to give some polite golf claps to
Konami for this silent is it being picked up by polite golf claps to Konami for this potentially creative new direction. And let's hope the games don't suck. But I you know what, out of all of them, one of them's got to be good.
Right? Yeah, I mean, and it's, they've kind of tried with like other game with their franchises already. They've tried several times have failed. So I'm hopeful that multiple different studios are going to be able to, you know, do this. I was sad to see I understand the reasoning because you know, they're never going to apologize. But sad to see though, that we still don't get a Kojima game, but it's fine.
Well, you know, on one hand, I think it could be very interesting for Kojima to have a Microsoft game. Because that appears to be the direction it's going in with the whole cloud and whatever it is he wanted to do with Stadia. But Stadia decided we'd rather make bad business decisions all day. So despite the fact that we have some pretty good technology, we're just gonna like make really bad decisions on how to use it. And so now Kojima is going to x cloud, I guess the second suitor. And
what you know, the runner up and doing his game there. I think that could be very interesting to have, you know, whatever scary, assumably thing he's doing there with the cloud, sort of to compete with the exclusiveness of Silent Hill two on PlayStation five. It just, I think I just, as a fan of all of the gaming companies, I'm glad that Microsoft is getting some serious, like, Japanese credit with having Kojima working with them, I think could be very interesting for the future.
What Xbox looks like. So we'll see. Yeah. All right, dark to see it says we are in the market for a series s. So we should be prepared for whatever Kojima is cooking up lol. And we again, we're assuming that that game is going to be exclusive. But if it's true that it leverages cloud technology, maybe in a way that Sony isn't quite set up to do yet, then yeah, I think it's probably it's gonna be a
a Microsoft, Microsoft now.
I love that PlayStation now. It's cutting edge PlayStation one technology.
I keep saying Xbox exclusive, but let's be real like Microsoft, a game pass for PC is a very real thing. And I believe whatever is put out will be a Microsoft exclusive, I think is a better way to put it.
Exactly. In the in the end, these console wars, you know what know the true winners are PC players. Because it's just like, I get everything. It's all good.
Having just bought this new PC, I'm eating so good these last few months when it comes to gaming. Like I, I don't even know right now if I need to get a PlayStation five, I'm gonna get what Alan and I were just talking about this yesterday. Because we were at Target. And I sort of, here's, here's the question Alan asked. So you know what he's thinking about? He said, Hey, what happened to the talk of you getting a PlayStation five? Is that like a holiday thing that you're going to try to do? So you know, you get which is very sweet that Alan's thinking about
that. But I'm like, well, I've sort of been holding off to see if they do a refresh. And I also am really holding off to see what happens when Final Fantasy 16 comes out. Because if they're going to do like a limited edition PlayStation five with like a Final Fantasy 16 controller or a Final Fantasy 16, you know, box or something like, I fucking want that I want that, like, and I'll, I'll have Shane get it for me. Because if anyone can win those fucking limited inventory games, it's him. And I'll be like, Shane, please, please, please, he'll do it. Because once
when he wants to be nice, he's nice. So he'll get me one of those. That's, that's where I want to go. By the way, didn't make our show world tonight. But since I brought it up, there was a new Final Fantasy 16 trailer this week. Did any of you see the new Final Fantasy 16 trailer?
Nope.
I read a bit about it.
Oh, it looks so good. Looks so I'm so like, now here, here's where I'm setting the bar too high is Final Fantasy 16. But it's so what, in my opinion, one of the best parts of Final Fantasy 14 was when you had a summon or you know that basically there's a part in the Heavens
Word content, I won't give you the context. So let's tell you what happens. Shiva, who you all know, is an infamous Final Fantasy summon, fights Ravana, who's one of the unique summons, basically, that was built for the Final Fantasy 14 universe, but he's really good. They fight each other. And Shiva in the storyline is actually has like a human for a host, or actually, I think she's technically an elf, but you know, just just put put high fantasy logic
into this. Okay.
Shenanigans.
Yeah. Shiva's in the body of what is otherwise, you know, a normal, you know, walker around the planet, so forth. So my point is, but she fights Ravana. It feels like they've made an entire game out of what was the coolest sequence in Final Fantasy 14 was those two summons fighting each other. So and it feels like you need to look at this new trailer, it's very much Oh, the summonings are living in people. And then they come out to fight each other. Like that seems to be where the story is going. But it's all Game of Thrones.
And very violent. Holy shit, like the newest trailer, like has a decapitated head like full. I mean, it's not it's cropped just enough where you don't see gore, but it's very clear what's happening. And it's like, you don't see this in a Final Fantasy game, usually. So
the tagline heads will roll.
Yeah, heads will roll Final Fantasy 16. So anyway, I'm very excited about that. Yeah. Why not? All the other headlines we're missing tonight. Mike Deft points out there's also new Pokemon Scarlet Violet news. Yes. I believe the media, the more mainstream media and the Pokemon influencers of the world because I know some streamers and some, you know, big Pokemon specific sites got to have like a one hour hands on with Gen nine and a lot of those impressions are
hitting the internet this week. What we're not seeing is what the third evolution of the starter forums look like. But we're getting some insight as to how the games actually were. I mean, there was there was no question I was gonna buy Gen nine. If they had come out and said it's literally just Gen eight with new Pokemon, I would have still bought it. You know why? Because I like Gen eight. So I'm all about it. I'm very excited. Yeah, there's this dude. Gosh, why don't we just why don't we just let chat pick all the news for us tonight? No, it's fine.
Bobby Black Wolf actually brings this up. And this was something I noticed too, speaking of Final Fantasy. Awesome games done quick, the game list has come out, not the full schedule, just the list of what games they're going to do. And guess what Final Fantasy 14 is going to be an awesome games done quick. How do you speed run an MMO? They are doing a very specific mode, they're doing something called Palace of the Dead, which is side content, I guess, for lack of a better term that you can do with one to four players.
But specifically, they are doing floors 171 to 180. These floors are actually harder than the floors that come after it. There's 200 floors, the whole thing, these are the hardest 10, you get through these, you're going to get through the rest of it. They're going to speed run solo machinist Palace Palace of the Dead 171 to 180. And it takes about an hour to go through. I'm not sure how long a speedrunner will take, maybe also an hour. But I think that's going to be very interesting. And I like the fact that they're going to spotlight a side mode in the game.
Essentially. So it's going to be very cool to see. So Bobby says the estimate is one hour. So yeah, that sounds about right. So very excited. Bobby also says no mouse keyboard only. I could, I could see how somebody is probably doing that, to be honest, like it is it harder? Yes. Is it impossible? No, it's not the same as like playing it blindfolded or something. But I mean, still kudos, just the fact they're going to get through that with a big audience watching. I don't want to undersell what this person is
doing. They're taking on a very big task, where a lot can go wrong, because there's a lot of randomly generated elements in that. So there's, you know, they're taking on a big thing. So I'm very excited to see it. Alright, let's talk about the things we took on this week in our gaming week. And we're going to talk a little bit about our gaming weeks. So Dark Soccer, usually I'd start with you and how was your gaming week, but I think you had some kind of like personal things about like what you're doing with your stream coming up and so forth you wanted to get into. Can you can you talk us
through some of that?
Yeah, there's a few things going on. So first and foremost, and I sent you a graphic for it. But I'm gonna start at the beginning, my mom went into the ER, I think I might have mentioned it last week. And they did a couple of cultures. She does have thrush as well as
multifocal pneumonia, meaning she's got different pockets of pneumonia in her lung, and her lungs are raw. But on top of that, they have to retest her for COVID because the culture that they that they took came back viral. So she is still in the hospital. And now the thing is, is that my mom lives on Social Security and a part time job. She has no insurance, she lives in Alabama. So you can
imagine how hard it's going to be for her after having just bought a house to make ends meet with the with a hospital bill like that. So I am, I've created a GoFundMe. And the link is on my Twitter at dark sakura. It's, I think it's my pinned post. But on top of that, on top of that, I'm running a momathon on
November 1, I'm going to be doing a 12 hour Dead by Daylight plus whatever stream, if I get tired of Debbie, although I still like to, you know, say that I can endure a full 12 hours of Dead by Daylight. But there's gonna be like some chatting and like watching some YouTube stuff,
we'll throw in some fun things. But I am going to be doing artwork as the grand prize for whoever donates the most individually, as well as offering up mini portraits. And I'll go outside of like Dead by Daylight, if you want like a portrait of like a character from the show or, or something, I'll figure it out.
And you did the pig artwork on your on the banner, right? Just to get a sense of what people
Oh, no, I didn't do that pig.
Oh, I thought you did. I'm sorry.
No, hold on. Hold on. Hold on. I did this pig.
And for those Okay, so I'm sorry for those on the podcast feed. There's no way for me to explain a photo to you. But you can go to dark soccer's Twitter account at dark soccer, and I'm sure it's in her media tab somewhere.
Yeah, that that's actually official behavior artwork. So don't sue me behavior. I gotta pay for my mom.
I think they won't care. But yeah, they're big. But you have I do know I saw your artwork. Well, I saw it in person. But I also saw it on losing color stream who you know, if you don't know who that is, they are a very prolific Dead by Daylight streamer. They're very good at killer, specifically the nurse. And so you know, they're a twitch partner, and they they put that photograph, I think or sorry, I keep saying photograph, but like in the print, they put it
behind them on their stream. So you actually see that nurse. And that was you that did that. So it was pretty cool.
Yeah. And it was funny, like, a couple of times now when I've popped in to chat, like, I'll do like a raid every so often, you know, I tried to, to focus on smaller people, but I will also focus on my friends. And so I did a raid and and they're like, look at look at here's the picture again. And you know how that came about? He was on stream one day saying, Oh, what, you know, because he stopped using a green
screen and started like actually decorating the room. And they're saying, Oh, I would like I'd love to have some framed artwork. And I'm like, Wait a second, because I was looking for an excuse to get back into some of my drawing. I've got all those Copics over there. And I have and I had a frame. I actually had a frame to pack that I haven't used. This is like, why not? I'll make it a gift for one of my friends.
And I'm glad that I'm glad so glad he likes it so much. But yeah, I'll be doing something like that. A like a 12 by nine thing done in a Copic markers of whichever killer or survivor in your choice of cosmetic. Or, you know, if you're not a Debbie person, then talk to me, we'll, we'll, we'll figure something else out.
But I'm doing some many, many portraits as well as, as a gift, you know, not as a gift, but as a as a reward. And, you know, I'll change some stuff up. It doesn't have to be a shade of dead by daylight. But, but yeah, I am I'm definitely by the way, yeah, Copics are expensive, like they are super expensive.
And I have found very good deals on Copic markers. So that's how I've amassed my collection. But at any rate, I am doing a momathon at noon on November 1, to help raise money for my mother's medical bills. In other news, going back on the medical front. I'm sure all of y'all know my bestie, Finara. She was my college roommate.
I've known her for longer than some of you have been alive. She was the first person who came out to visit me when I moved to California. And yeah, you know, and she's she's been on hard times, but she and I have her permission to say so. So that's what I'm going into it. A few days ago, she was admitted to ICU because she she had been complaining of problems breathing.
And like she was going to come play, you know, dead by daylight with me and it would take her like a solid like 15 minutes to get from upstairs to her computer. And I was like, you sure you're okay. You don't have to play if you're feeling so crappy.
But it turned out she went in for a clot. It was either a heart or lung is what the immediate thought it was because, you know, heart issues can also cause respiratory distress. It turned out there was a like a clot near her heart. And so they, they they did a catheter, they got it out. She she finally told me she's able to, you know, lighten up her heart, you know, and she was able to, you know, take care of her heart, you know, and she was able to, you know, lighten up her heart, you know, and she was able to, you know, lighten up her heart, you know, and she was able to, you know, lighten up her heart, you know, and she was able to, you know, lighten up her heart, you know, and she was able to, you know, lighten up her heart, you know, and she was able to, you know, lighten up her heart, you know, and she was able to, you know
do a few normal things. Now they moved her out of ICU. She is in a regular room. She's doing better. The hospital apparently lost the charger that I spent 50 bucks sending to her because she needed a phone charger.
Being released in the next couple of days. So, and again, for those that don't know the name,
like oftentimes, you know, when when we're live here at OLR, we're rating you after the show, and
you're playing Dead by Daylight, and she's usually there with you also playing. Yeah, I can't really
play because I have to go edit the show and get that posted. But you know, she's kind of been your
sidekick in a lot of those adventures. So well, she started off as my meat shield. When I started
playing Survivor, and then, and now she's my accountant, because she keeps tracks of all of the
challenges that that I've done. She watches her own. She's like, I'll watch yours too. Why not?
She also used to like track my inventory in Animal Crossing. She just, she loves spreadsheets. Fair
enough. But I mean, I've, we played D&D together back in the day. We watched, we would watch
anime, like at home, but on like AOL chat, you know. And we, she, she ran my AOL, AOL Facebook
Animal Crossing group. Oh, yeah, I think still keeps up with it. And so I would just like for
everyone to send Gwen Finara some positive thoughts or whatever you do. You know, she's
got good doctors. She's getting better. She'll be going home before too long. But I wanted to bring
that up because she has also been a long time supporter of the show. She's been a long time
supporter of me and is one of my best friends in the world. I was really, really worried.
Well, definitely sending, you know, healing vibes and our thoughts, you know, for a quick turnaround.
I'm glad she's where she needs to be with the hospital and getting the care she needs and,
you know, hoping for a quick speedy recovery. Yeah, but, and I appreciate it. And I'll probably
say more on my deal. But back to my mom, Momathon, November 1st, starting at noon Pacific time,
going to midnight should be time for anyone to come in. And if you want to play with me,
my queue is open. I'm always looking for friends. I've reached out to a few people already who said
that they would play with me. So some kind of big names. Anything else in your gaming week?
Sorry, should pivot over there. I know, Dead by Daylight, Cult of the Lamb, Final Fantasy V. I'm
still playing that. I'm pretty, I'm enjoying it. It's been so long since I beat it that
it's kind of like being reintroduced to the game again.
Like, it's almost like the first time. It's pretty, pretty fun. And, you know,
I've been playing my wordscapes. Oh, I had another encounter, speaking of games.
And that's with Boosteroid. Because, you know, I've been working, I've been using Boosteroid
as my replacement for Stadia so I can play Dead by Daylight through Steam. And I had
this thing going on. When I play in Safari and I pull it up, it doesn't go full screen.
It keeps my window the way I had it. When I do it in Chrome, it forces it into full screen,
which makes it really difficult for me to like watch my chat at the same time as playing the
game, you know? I mean, unless I want to bust out my iPad, but I do other things, right? So
I can use Safari. It's just that it'd be easier for me to do my window capture on a different
window, you know? So I was working actually with one of their representatives. Actually, I just,
you know, put out a question to them anyway to get this from going full screen and actually had
a long chat with one of their representatives. I was actually a person that is, I think,
running their Twitter. And we went over everything and basically it's not possible,
but they stuck with me and had other suggestions and other ways to try to trick it into going.
And just that sort of support, like personal support like that. And they were so nice about it
that, you know, and I sent a screen recording and everything and they're like, oh,
we like screen recordings. And I also found out that they may be coming out with a Mac version
of their software, like because they've got a Windows download client and they were
saying that a Mac client is in production. Yeah. So I got permission to give that little tidbit
out. So yeah. But the experience was great. And I'd say if anyone's looking for an alternative to
something like GeForce Now, definitely look at Boostroid. Their service is like, we didn't get
the problem solved, but they stuck with me to try. And that is almost as, yeah, that's almost as much
as getting it done. And that's it. All right. Well, Loki, I know we joked earlier it was pretty
much Minecraft, but any new, any new videos to talk about or anything in your gaming week?
No, I'm still working on the next one. So designing stuff for it. It's probably gonna be
multiple farms. I'm hoping to be able to start introducing the robot masters into it. I just got
one of the new one, one of the new ones. They're finishing up the design on stuff. So hopefully
they'll be coming soon. I'm having multiples of that design done because both of them came out
really good. So hopefully get shirts or something. And then I didn't really have much else. I did
want to mention, though, I watched a charity stream today. So one of the largest SMPs out
there for Minecraft, Hermitcraft, probably, you know, the most popular S&P that's out there,
have been going for like 10 years or so. They just did their first ever charity livestream for
Gamers Outreach, as was headed up by Good Times with Scar, and they raised over $423,000 for them.
And basically Gamers Outreach is a charity that brings those like mobile gaming, not really kiosks,
they're kind of like, it's like a monitor and, and the gaming console kind of on a rollable cart
that they can have in hospitals for kids that are sick. And since Good Times with Scar, he's got a
lot of health issues. He's always in the hospital for different things. You know, they're hoping
with that, the money that they have raised, at least that'll be another hundred or so units that
they'll be able to put into different hospitals and stuff. So I thought that was really cool.
So yeah, it's cool. Yep. All right. That's all I had. Awesome. Let me tell you about my gaming
week. Unfortunately, the game I've been playing the most this week, I'm not allowed to talk to
you guys about I really wish I could tell you what I've been putting in the hours for. But the devil
will get me if I tell you. All I can say is that if I could talk about it, I would have a lot of
nice things to say about it and where it's at in its current state. So but that's that's all I can
say right now. So otherwise, the games I can talk about I'm laughing because bonds 006 in chat is
saying Rob's trash talking and Overwatch two is a hoot. And yeah, I did I did play some Overwatch
two on a stream a little bit. And I was trash talking a little bit but mostly myself because
I'm really bad at it. But it was it was it's fun to learn. And you know what, you got to start
somewhere. And yeah, so I've been I've been having more fun with that series and I haven't a long
time I think the the little reboot was very, very good for it. Let's see what else have I
been playing? I still play no man's sky even though the drop campaign is done. I actually
played a little bit off stream last night and I might stream it again tomorrow. I don't know I
haven't decided what games I'm going to stream next week. So I might do another no man's sky
stream just because I'm having fun with the casual mode in it like the relaxed mode is is really fun
and it just kind of like you get to play the game without those immediate pressures of having to
like do certain things and grind a lot for them. So that that's great. I want to keep playing that
and continuing in Final Fantasy 14, which did have a minor content patch this week, they added a new
thing called variant dungeons in it. There's lots of criterion dungeons, but I haven't gotten to do
those yet. But the variant dungeon was very interesting. So it's like basically a dungeon
that's very large. And there are 12 different ways to complete the dungeon. But it's up to you and
your party how you want to do it. But you can also run it by yourself if you want to just do it
through with one person you can. So I thought that was a neat little side thing to add to it and
certainly is a little more interesting than just running the same two experts over and over again
in roulette. I kind of wish they would fuse the ideas and just have these expert dungeons be very
large and have different paths like but maybe that's where things are going. I don't know. But I
appreciate having the more diverse content in the game. I still I'm still working on my island. I'm
almost done getting all the cosmetics on my island. But I'm really excited that there should
be more with the island sanctuary stuff coming soon as well. So yeah, been keeping busy a lot
with my gaming week. Very excited. So chocobo crossing. chocobo crossing. Yeah, a little bit.
I don't really. I don't really see it as animal crossing as much. I think that's a but farm sim
that whole thing very much that I mean, as much as they can do in an existing MMO, but it's I,
I love it. And the cosmetic rewards I got were pretty cool. Like the mounts are really cute. So
now they just put in a new beast tribe daily thing though. And I need to do those mounts as well. So
yeah, just lots of great stuff going on in Final Fantasy 14. I know there was a joke at the start
of the show. It's the little bumps we play when we're live. We don't usually play them on the
podcast feed. But tonight was a joke about the Prime Minister of Britain and how you know she
quit after six weeks. And it was video games that we've played longer than she was Prime Minister.
And I actually put to do it I put it I was like I know I've spent like in the last 10 years that
this game has existed. I've absolutely racked up more than like what would six weeks be in hours
to be something like 120 hours. Like I have easily put in more than six weeks. No God, that's only
six of these more like 700 1000 hours probably. But anyway, I did my playtime 151 days I've spent
in Final Fantasy 14 151 days of game time. That's a that's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot.
So anyway. All right. Let's move on. That's it for our gaming weeks. Let's talk about some other
things that are going on in the news. We'll start with Loki Oh, dark Tetsuya says she was Prime
Minister for 1008 hours. That's dark soccer. How many hours do you have in dead by daylight?
You're muted on Discord. I see the icon.
Less than that. Less than that. Oh, I thought maybe actually, yeah, I haven't. I don't know
that I've hit that. I mean, I can find out. I thought you'd hit the 1000 hours maybe. But
that's funny. I actually should probably check. So if there's a video game out there,
you've played for more than 1000 and eight hours. Congrats. You played a video game longer than she
was Prime Minister. So all right. Moving on. Let's get into some gaming news for the week.
So Microsoft is reportedly laid off hundreds of employees from its workforce across several
different divisions. There were, of course, some some of the subsidiaries as well, including
studio alpha, the Xbox division, the Business Insider article suggests it's less than 1000.
Business Insider article suggests it's less than 1000, but it is still several hundred.
In the course, Microsoft spokesperson has said that like all companies, we evaluate our business
priorities on a regular basis and make structural adjustments accordingly. We will continue to
invest in the I don't even care. It's just corporate speak. No idea why. I mean,
I don't know, restructuring, I guess. But it does suck to see people out of work.
Yeah, this is always a bummer of stuff to report on. I mean, it was the entire organization.
Remember, Microsoft does a lot of things, right? Windows, heck, HoloLens and things like that,
that never really got, you know, the retail thing, even though, you know, they're still using it for
other things. But, you know, so these layoffs could come from other parts of the organization,
not just, you know, Xbox, but it does sound like we do know that some Xbox was impacted.
But do we know if that's a dozen people? Do we know if that's 100 people? We don't totally know.
Bobby Black over chat says they probably reprioritize for the next financial year
and scale their workforce accordingly. Yes. And honestly, like,
maybe there it's part planning for the Activision Blizzard merger, probably not this soon out,
to be honest, but let's be honest, because it's not like, yeah, it's not guaranteed.
It's still going to get tied up in courts. But if that merger goes through, there's absolutely
going to be redundancies and it's, you know, it's not going to be fun to report on, but that's just
what's going to happen. You know, but that could be things like legal and, you know, it may not be
necessarily, you know, development. Yeah. I mean, we can't have two Bobby Kotex. I mean,
someone's got to go. Well, I can tell you who needs to go in that situation. But anyway,
um, yeah. So, you know, Microsoft, um, I don't know if I would take this aside of anything.
I think people are reading into this, like, you know, you know, there's the people on Twitter
that are like, Oh, Xbox flop confirmed. And it's like, put the car in a lower gear. Let's
critically think something we forget to do on social media. Sometimes does this necessarily
mean the end is coming? No, this could just be, you know, the result of other things shifting
around and doom and gloom. Yeah. Doom and gloom. The doom and gloom is when a bunch of games start
getting canceled out of Microsoft. Yeah. Yeah. Let's put it this way. It could have been worse.
They could have waited another month or so. And then the articles will be saying, and they did
it right before Christmas. What are these people going to like? So, yeah. Well still, I hope those
that were affected can find work, you know, maybe just Microsoft, such a huge company. Sometimes
with these things, they apply for a job somewhere else in the company and are able to keep their
time in. So hopefully, there's a lot of that whole thing going on. We'll see. Or plan a
different company and eventually become Microsoft because you get bought. All right. Speaking of the
lack of ability to critically think, you know, I've got to talk about this. I actually believe
it or not. I don't want to talk about this because I feel like I've talked about it enough on social
media this week. However, it's important to talk about the other half of this story that we only
knew half of last week. And that is, yes, the bayonet of three. Voice actress, Helena Taylor,
and everything that she brought up to the internet and how the internet rallied around her.
What did I say on last week's show? I said, I'm going to take an unpopular opinion here.
I meant, you know what? I've been blocked on social media. I've been unfollowed on social media
because I dared to take an unpopular opinion against the mob. Then you know what? I even went
so far last week is to say, what did I say last week? I'll give you an exact quote of what I said.
Helena Taylor is lying by omission. Guess what news came out this week?
Helena Taylor, omitted some things in her story.
Now look, I'm not always right. I'm not, and I'll be the first, I like to be a humble person,
but like on this one, I knew it didn't add up. And there's a lot of you out there, to be fair,
this isn't just me. There's a lot of you out there that knew it didn't add up, but we talked
about it on the show. Jamie said something in that video. Something in that video struck me
as off, right? And that's what it is. So as it turns out, according to journalistic reports,
Helena Taylor omitted some things, which would be lying by omission.
What happened? So Bloomberg did a report and Bloomberg learned through several different
sources than platinum, two different sources than platinum, and some actual documents that they
can't share because of confidentiality reasons, that Helena Taylor was actually offered three
to four K per session for five, four hour sessions. So her actual paycheck that she
was offered was somewhere between 15 to 20,000 to reprise the role of Bayonetta.
In response to this, Helena Taylor said, I want a six figure sum and residuals for the game.
Now look, I'm not here to argue and say she didn't deserve that. I understand that voice
actors and actresses are probably underpaid in this. To be fair, a lot of the people that
develop the games are also underpaid. And we know it is the executives, the Bobby Kotick's of the
world that are grossly overpaid. So there is some balancing that needs to be done in the industry.
You know, was the part of Bayonetta when you consider that that series does not break through
for Nintendo in the way it's an Animal Crossing or a Mario, you know, Bayonetta is kind of,
you know, it's it's making money, but it's not making oodles and oodles of money, right? So could
she was she worth six figures in that particular scenario? No, that's that's an argument for
another time. Charles Martinet doesn't even get six figure salary. So what makes her think that
she's gonna get that? So she's allowed to ask for what she thinks she's worth. They told her no.
Here's the other thing. But they still they still wanted to have her in the game.
And they said, you know what, so they started to look for someone to replace her.
They hired Jennifer Hale, they offered Helena Taylor a cameo in the game, which if you go back
to last week's show about the story spoilers, apparently in the game, start to add up a lot
like why would she only get a ah, maybe there's some fire and smoke and fire to those story
spoiler scenarios, but I will I won't re recap those because I know not everybody maybe wants
to hear those even though clearly it's something that happens in the opening segments of the game.
It's not a thing for the end. So they offered Helena Taylor to do one session, a cameo in the
game. And she also turned that down. So at the end of the day, did they offer her $4,000 to do
voice acting for Bayonetta? Yes. Did she omit the other offer they gave her? Yes. And did she do
damage to not just her cause, but all the voice actors and actresses out there fighting for more
money the way she put this whole thing together? I think she did. And it sucks. Now, of course,
Dark Soccer, you said this last week, and boy, oh boy, is this true. Sometimes when people feel
a certain way, even when they don't have all the facts, they dig their heels in. They can't
possibly have been wrong about this. And sure enough, there's so many people out there that are
saying, well, Bloomberg didn't produce the receipts. Bloomberg didn't show us, Bloomberg
needs to show us the letters. No, they don't. No, they don't. That's the journalistic- They don't
owe us an explanation at all. In fact, actually, internet people, something you need to learn about
life, nobody owes you shit. You need to learn that lesson real quick, or you're going to be
very disappointed as you walk through this life. Nobody owes you shit, especially- And also,
not everything is about you. That's right. You need to stop digging your heels in,
because here's the- And this is what I will absolutely watch people do. They will cherry pick
what Bloomberg articles, because Jason Schreier, sorry if I'm mispronouncing his name,
he has a pretty good track record about getting these insider stories. He obviously has very good
relations with people that are in the industry, and he's worked hard to get some of these inside
sources. You are not allowed to cherry pick which Bloomberg stories you will pick at face value
and which one you will not. Also, in addition to this, other journalists, there was at least one
other journalist working for another video game site who was independently also doing this,
who said, I can independently confirm what Jason is reporting on. He beat me to it.
So, I'm sorry. No, you don't get to see the receipts. You take the word as you took her
word, or you just- You need to admit you're digging your heels in too much on this.
Steven Toledo confirmed it too. So, multiple people are confirming there was more to this
story than she is leading on, period. You were emotionally manipulated by this woman.
And I've been emotionally manipulated by content on the internet quite often,
and I need to recognize when that's happening to me. So, I think there's a lot of people,
and to be fair, I would say there's a lot of people that when this news came out from
Bloomberg, they said, oh shit, lesson learned. I probably should have waited to hear the whole
story before. Okay, cool. I can admit when I'm wrong too. Let's learn together. Let's do better
next time. But those of you that are still digging your heels in on this, wake up. Bobby says she
doesn't ever want to do voice acting again anyway. She wants to go back to the theater and not talk
about this anymore. Yes, that was her response to Bloomberg. Because she got called the fuck out.
She also like destroyed her reputation too. She threw voice actors under the bus because
voice acting isn't her bread and butter. That's what Gigi Ramos said. I want to read this thread
on Twitter because honestly, this journalist on Twitter, her name is Catherine Cross and her
Twitter name is Quine Moon. I hope I said that right. I'm sorry if I didn't. I've heard Catherine
Cross before. I know she's a pretty prolific games journalist. She wrote an article that I think is
great. And you can see this over at wire.com. And I think she summed this up 100%. I retweeted this
on my account over at Mr. Rob Roberts. And I apologize to Catherine because I am going to read
this word for word. But I'm giving full credit to Catherine on this because she hit the nail on the
head and I think everybody needs to hear it. And I'm noticing this thing has only been retweeted
17 times. That is not enough. So if I may, in the words of Catherine Cross, Quine Moon over on
Twitter, I wrote about the unfortunate Helena Taylor affair and how it exposes the risks of
social media's demand for immediacy. A worthy cause was damaged, a veteran voice actor harassed,
all because people were emotionally manipulated into retweeting before thinking. The fragility
of personality driven politics is nowhere more apparent than on social media. And the risk of
depending on one's person's sympathetic story to drive a campaign is that if they turn out to have
acted in bad faith, the entire campaign can collapse. Social media demands urgency from us,
share now, think later. It's bitten well-meaning people in the ass many times before and it'll do
so again. And the really aggravating thing in this case is that Taylor's misleading claims
prevented us from talking about the fact that the true figure, some $15,000, is still far less than
one would expect for the voice actor or actress of a title character of a major franchise.
Can we talk about that part for a minute? Absolutely. Yes. Both of those things can be true.
Helena Taylor could not have been, may not have been paid enough money for what she
brought to that franchise. And she did a really shitty thing in the way she brought that up to
the rest of the internet. Continuing on the thread from Catherine Cross, just two tweets left,
bear with me here, but it's important. But it's always hard to pivot from a hot and heavy
personality-focused campaign to one focused only on the structural issues. You can't just go,
well, nevertheless, you lose momentum, supporters, time, and the headlines. Taylor was supposed to be
I'm sorry, I don't know this word, synodoch for the wider struggles of voice actors.
Had she told the truth, not made her campaign needlessly personal, for example,
telling Hale she had no right to sign Bayonetta merch, not demanded a boycott, the focus could
have been on the issues. Oh my God, so much that part. Snaps and kudos to Catherine for that thread.
I read it because everybody needs to hear it. There was a cause in here worth fighting for.
She did more damage to it because she was threatened by being replaced. And now when
you see this whole thing coming together, now when you realize she was offered money,
she said, no, they went and got somebody else and offered her a cameo in good faith still,
she realized what was happening. She was easily replaced by somebody else.
And this could threaten because she doesn't, go ahead.
Possibly somebody better.
And possibly that, but also, yes, somebody with certainly a deeper resume and somebody that gets
invited to more conventions than she historically has been. She saw that she may not have a place
and she was threatened by that, but that does not give her the right to manipulate people into
boycotting a game that so many people worked on. Why didn't she go to Jennifer privately and say,
why did you do this? Why did this happen? Can we talk about how to make this better for the
other people in our industry privately? Because Jennifer's fought that fight since 2016,
if not sooner. There were so many ways she could have done this, not on Twitter, but she did the
crappy thing and it sucks. But here's the thing, how can you personally help this cause? And I
would like to offer a suggestion because remember, Ms. Hale and so many other voice actors and
actresses out there, they go around to conventions and I've gone to my share of gaming conventions
and I do conventions in other circuits as well. I've talked about horror hosting and I've been,
we just had a horror convention this weekend and so forth. I can't tell you how often I overhear
at some of these conventions. Why does it cost $50 to get a selfie with this person? Do they
really think they're worth that much? They got paid what they're worth.
How dare you utter that phrase and then go on the internet and complain that voice actors are
not paid enough. I'm not saying you have to buy the selfie and you have to buy the autograph.
You choose what you do and you don't want to get, that's fine. But how dare you bitch about a person
asking what they believe they're worth when you're going to go online and fight for that,
but you're not willing to do it in person when it's your own wallet. I just need everybody to
consider that for a minute. That's all. And with that being said, I would like to talk about,
well, I would like to talk about the struggle of voice actors and voice actresses again.
I would like to revisit this issue, but as far as Helena Taylor is concerned,
she's clearly burned her bridge. She's fine with that. She's not going to work in this industry
again, at least not on a AAA game, maybe an indie game, but she's not going to work in this industry
again. She seems very much fine with that. I wish her the best of luck with theater. I hope she
learns something from this whole thing. If she doesn't get a part or something in it, don't
boycott the whole production, ma'am. Honestly, this is probably going to bite her in the ass
in the theater world as well. It just might. Those universes are related. Yeah, no, you're
very correct. You're very correct on that. Well, considering this is all over social media and
stuff, people are going to hear about it. It's not like it's within the industry. What did you
think was going to happen? All right, let's move on. I'm ready for another topic. I really have
so many more rants in me than talking about Bayonetta. All right, let's go on to talking
about The Sims, Loki. You mean me? I'm sorry. Yeah. At any rate, yeah, it's about The Sims.
Sims Summit just happened. Basically, it's a structured version of their monthly stream,
so they did sneak peeks, announcements, updates for the Sim community, and then there is some
big stuff going on in the world. They have a partnership with Overwolf, which will have
a destination for in-game creators to upload, host, and share their mods, custom content,
and all that's curated. It's under trial. More information will come out this year.
Also, Sims 5 has been teased, and that's actually going to include, so they say, multiplayer.
It's called Project Rene, as in Renaissance, because they want this to be a renewal or
rebirth of the series. It will have the ability to play solo or with others, and it will build
on the current foundations. They're showing the build tools, not just custom colors anymore,
but different patterns, and changing the shape of furniture, free placement of pillows,
free placement of items, and then playing with other people whenever you want to,
and an identical version of it that plays on mobile. They were even showing that you can
do your modifications on mobile and insert them into your game on your computer.
Also, though, for Sims 4, they are doing an update to babies and toddlers in 2023.
Oh, hooray.
Well, a lot of people are into The Sims.
Yeah, no, no. I'm talking about the babies and toddlers, specifically. But no, I mean,
you used to love The Sims. You kind of, I don't want to say fell off the wagon,
but your interest went elsewhere.
You know how much it would be to buy the entirety of Sims 4?
Oh, God. Well, the base game's free now, but that ain't enough. Like,
all the stuff they've come out with after that, probably thousands of dollars at this point.
Yeah, so if you buy, and this is actually as of, like, someone posted this two years ago.
The cost without the base game is just DLC up to two years ago with $789.59.
Yeah, I think it's more than that now.
Yeah, right. That's why I'm specifying two years ago.
You know, it's disgusting. And I'm kind of tired of it.
I've started playing Sims 4 again, just with the stuff that I have.
But I downloaded it. I'll put it that way. I just installed my mods and then I was like,
I don't want to play.
Well, let's talk about mods, shall we? I think Loki has a companion piece to this.
Yeah, so another thing that was announced during that whole Sims Hub thing or Sims Summit
is that they're going to be adding a, like, I guess, a central resource for mods as well,
kind of a more curated type of thing. They're going to only have certain vited mod makers to
be there. They're calling it the mod squad. And I guess it's supposed to be a safer,
more centralized way to download stuff, even though they do have the Sims resource.
But because that's just a Sims resource is a subscription service,
although it's not an expensive one.
Yeah, so they're now going to have this mod squad thing to allow people to upload
their modifications and stuff. I don't see how that's necessarily going to make it better.
Well, if you're worried about your child downloading nudie and sex mods for Sims,
the mod squad to the rescue to curate everything and make sure the
super adult stuff doesn't get in there.
Yeah, I guess that's good at least.
That's kind of what it is to me. But I guess there's also a part where, like, you know,
I kind of look at, like, what Bethesda did with, like, Skyrim and even the Doom games.
Like, they've been kind of embracing official mods, but it's, it's extremely limited,
but at least it gives people kind of like a taste of that some of the most popular stuff.
That's kind of what I kind of heard in this. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I'm probably still going to keep using the Sims resource because I
their stuff doesn't have anything attached to it.
Yeah. I mean, despite what they say, you can disable all cookies. And if you're
like, like me on a Mac Safari will remove the majority of that for you.
So and, and you get a wider range, like they're saying, Oh, we're picking and
choosing who we invite to this program. But I, and I can tell the avatars that
they used in their little video, those were body mods, absolute body mods.
But I don't like the way some stuff looks. And I have a feeling they would want to keep with
their branded look for Sims. Because the faces on there were total like Maxis faces.
But I get my mod so that they don't look like Sims, if that makes sense.
I can play Sims, but they don't look freaking weird.
All right. Well, I want to bring up another story here, going to another fourth game in a popular
series. And let's talk about the Resident Evil four remake, shall we? We talked about Silent
Hill earlier, but there was also a Resident Evil stream this week, Capcom did a Resident Evil four
remake stream, and confirmed the game is not just coming to PS5, even though Sony showed it off
first, it will be coming out for Xbox series S and X, it will also come out for PlayStation four.
And if you get the PlayStation four version, you could upgrade to PS5 for free. So that that's
pretty cool. So there's some new gameplay footage that came out as well. And we're playing some of
that live on our show. For those that are on the podcast feed, you can find this trailer anywhere,
you can see where the you know, it's all over YouTube. And it does, it does look really nice,
I gotta say, especially considering how what a big game Resident Evil four is in the franchise,
there's a lot of pressure for this game to be not just a good remake, like two and three,
but to really deliver on what people loved about four. So again, there was more screenshots,
there's also some special editions that they announced will be coming as well. I mean,
why not? A deluxe edition and a collector's edition all releasing when this comes out on
March 24 2023. The deluxe edition will have additional in game content, costume weapons,
a treasure map, the physical box only collector's edition also have physical map, art book,
a Leon figure, why not? And much more. So there's, you know, a lot of things that are in this.
So it's going to be what's your face less annoying?
Uh, who knows? Uh, well, Ada Wong still be fierce as hell, I'm sure.
Well, Ada's fierce at everything.
At least in the screenshot, she looks great. Uh, one thing that doesn't have fans quite as
excited was some of this news that came out about the dog. Um, you see in the original
Resident Evil four, there's a dog that you can save from a trap. But, uh, in the footage,
it was seen that the trap has already taken care of the dog. And it doesn't seem like you can
share the dog anymore. Uh, the dog was killed in a very gruesome way in the footage. And it's
pretty upsetting to see now. I, is it the same dog? I don't know. But anyway, I, you know what?
You can also just be the recording.
It could be. Well, and here's the other thing. It's, it's so interesting to me. Like I,
I'm like, I don't like to see dead dogs in video games either. And I don't like to see dead cats
at all. Dead people. I'm sure they did something wrong. Let them be killed. But when I see the
animals, I don't like it. I'm like, why can't they replace the dog with a person? That's where my
brain's at right now. But anyway, hopefully the video was a misdirect and you will still be able
to save the dog. Um, but the early footage does not look good. In fact, um, one of my favorite
reactions to this whole thing was the, um, Twitter account. Do you guys follow? Can you pet the dog
on Twitter? It's a really good Twitter account. And what they do is they actually, um, talk about
in different games. Uh, they answer the question, are you able to pet the dog or not? And in this
game, all they had to say about this was quite simply, um, what the fuck was all they said about
this? Oops. Sorry. Some additional noises coming in from the video there, but yeah,
all they had to say about that was what the fuck? I thought that was-
Say that about everything, every day.
So, all right. Um, yeah. Darktitsia in chat says, yeah, says it all. Pretty much. Let's just,
and Darktitsia says someone on Twitter claims it might be a misdirect. So here's hoping. Here's
hoping you can still save the dog, uh, just like you could in the original Resident Evil 4. But
yeah, I know those remakes are coming and people are very excited about it. Um, let's talk about
our next story. This might be a difficult one with some content warnings here for some folks to hear
about, but it's necessary to talk about, right Dark Sakura? Yeah. So I'm sure that a lot of
people have been following, um, the situation going on with, uh, Amaranth. Um, Amaranth, um,
had a stream where, uh, she recorded a phone conversation with her husband. She basically
had, you know, hidden the fact that she was married, presumably on his suggestion that it
would like help her brand and, and everything. Um, but she recorded a conversation with him
showing how abusive he was and talking about controlling her finances and cutting her off
from things and, and everything. So, um, she finally came out and talked about it. The,
the stream, uh, the, the video is available, uh, to see, um, on Twitch. It's still on her channel,
A-M-O-U-R-A-N-T-H, um, about 33 minutes in, uh, where it starts talking about, and it is talking
pretty heavily about abuse. Um, but, um, she's quoted saying, um, as for the husband situation,
some of you probably saw the other night he called me during a stream and I disappeared for like two
hours. Then I finally unmuted about an hour and a half into the call and I apologize if that was
hard to watch for people. I didn't really know what else to do. Um, and then apparently he heard
himself on the recording and like finally dug in what he sounds like. And so he's off getting help.
And then, and she says, uh, that she has access to all of her accounts and finances again,
and is seeking, uh, legal and emotional counsel. And I like this one too. I actually was watching
some of it. Um, I like this quote. I didn't think that many people would give a shit to be honest.
It's kind of crazy. Even haters like, damn, I fucking hate Amaranth, but you know what? I hope
she's okay. That's so nice. You know? Um, and so, uh, uh, I think that domestic abuse
is especially as a spouse that tries to control everything about your life. And I've watched my
mom go through this, you know, abuse isn't just being, you know, hit or injured. It's words,
it's actions, it's deeds, it's controlling. It's the sense of dominance where you feel
utterly powerless and it eats and eats and eats and eats at you. And, and I, I know this, I mean,
not with Dan. Dan's great. Um, besides that I could handle his ass if I wanted to. Um, I know
I always make the joke. He knows he makes the joke. But, um, but the, the thing is, is that
I grew up in a pretty abusive household. Um, I haven't made any secret of it, but you know,
I'm not going to go into extra detail. And a lot of it was emotional, uh, trying to control,
trying to dominate. Um, and I, I I've seen people go through it. I have gone through a degree of it
and it really just, I'm glad that she's out from, from under him, that hopefully him getting help
is actually what does the job. Um, and, uh, the police, now this is what's disgusting to me is
that she said that she'd gone to the police before to explain a situation, but they would not take
any action unless she had suffered physical harm. That's bullshit. Abuse is abuse.
Abuse is abuse. And if someone comes in saying, I don't feel safe in my home, you take care of it.
This is how people die is why don't another reason I don't trust the police. I'm just saying,
you know, I I've, I've seen it happen where a person will go over and over and say, Hey,
I'm not feeling safe or Hey, he's doing this or Hey, this is happening. And then finally
she ends up dead because police wouldn't do shit. Fucking disgusting. You know?
But anyway, can I just a quick aside, but it literally, and I know this is going to
come off weird, but like I have to say it, it kind of reminds me of the whole thing.
Cause you know, that, that Dahmer series on Netflix is all over the news. I refuse to
watch it. I know. I know. I completely understand why people have their reservations about that. But
I, one of the scenes I saw, I haven't seen the show, but I saw a scene. I really like
Niecy Nash who's in it. Um, and she plays a part and she's in a scene where she's trying to get
help for one of the victims, but police won't do anything about it because it didn't meet a certain
criteria. And it just like, like screaming internally, like knowing how that ends. Anyway,
I'm sorry. I don't mean to, but it's just like, it's like, you kind of see it happening there
too. And that situation is to see, we kind of look at it and go, why aren't we getting people
that are asking for help, help? And this is not uncommon. Yeah. This happens more often
than is advertised. This is just more, uh, uh, ingrained misogyny.
You know, it, the, they're not there to protect people. I'll just leave that there. Um, but one
thing that she said that really, you know, strikes a chord with me is that she says she's looking
forward to having friends again, sleeping, being able to wear clothes that she wants,
you know, take, and that she is going to take time to process things, spend time with her dogs,
uh, feel like a person. And I get that too. You know, after, after, um, my mom and my stepdad
divorced, I kind of had to figure out who I was, you know, out from under being scared all the
time. Um, so I want to also take this, uh, this moment to say that if you, anyone who
hears my voice, if you are in an emotionally abusive relationship, you can get help.
Um, you know, if you are cut off from your family and friends, or you're isolated,
if they've cut off your, your funding, take control of your finances,
um, that's abuse. That is abuse right there. Um, there are, um, there are, uh, there's a national
domestic violence hotline here in the US. In the UK, there's crisis text line. Um, UK also has
domestic and sexual abuse, uh, helpline as well, phone as well as email. And if you feel, um, that
you are in immediate danger and coming under harm, you contact emergency services, even if they don't
do anything, you'll have a paper trail. It has to be processed. And if they say, oh, we're not gonna,
you know, do anything, you ask them why they're refusing to, you know, to record the situation
and you seek legal counsel, if you can. There are plenty of pro bono legal services for domestic
abuse victims. And yeah, do it. You know what else I'm sadly reminded of when you talk about
the controlling of the finances and what she was doing and all that, I'm reminded of the Britney
Spears situation. And, um, that was abuse. Absolutely. And that was, but it was also
sanctioned by the government. The government gave that dad legal rights to do this. Like it's, it's,
it's, but I know, I know that the conservatorship is a whole nother thing, but I can't help but be
reminded as we talk about the system being set up to fail many of these individuals.
It's being set up to control women, to silence us and to, you know, keep the cisgender white male
in, in charge or white straight male, whatever Christian dude in charge,
because that is default in this country. Um, and I'm sure there's people out there
that are like, what the fuck are you doing talking about this? This is, is this really
about video games? Absolutely. On top of that, she's, she's a Twitch streamer.
Yeah. That's what I'm saying. There's, there's a lot into, I'm, I'm sure people didn't care for her
because maybe I don't, I don't know this streamer at all. This was the first I heard of Amaranth
and I saw the videos and, you know, I was like, Oh my gosh, this is, this is horrible. I hope she's
okay. It was like literally the thoughts going through my video. And I'm very glad to hear she's
where she needs to be. She's getting help. That makes me feel great. Just, you know, I don't know
her as a streamer. I'm not going to profess to know, but like, it appears that if she was
unpopular, perhaps people saw that it was a calculated presentation that she was putting out
on stream. Maybe what they didn't know is who was calculating it. And now a lot of that has come,
come to light now. I was to say all that aside, I think it just shows a deeper level that like
streamers, and this includes me, Loki and Jamie. This includes many of the people that you watch.
Streamers are real fucking people with real fucking people problems. And I go ahead. So I
don't mean to keep cutting. I had to cut out, um, a streamer out of my life for,
I'm not going to go too much into detail on it, but for being a very toxic and abusive
individual who pretty much is so self centered, they can't see how what they do affects other
people. And as someone who has been through, um, domestic abuse as a child, you know, both
emotional, everything. I hit that block button within five seconds. You don't be afraid to cut
someone out of your life if they are causing you distress. Well, and I'm also going to say,
you know, knowing that she is unpopular, quote, I'm using my quotey fingers and so forth.
She's unpopular. I'm sure. Well, there's clearly she said in that statement, even my haters. So
she has haters, right? My point is, and my point is, watch how much of that hate you're putting
out online, because we are real fucking people, right? And luckily, we don't have to deal with
that at the level. I mean, we've all dealt with it in one way or another. But Amaranth certainly
dealt with it a lot more. My point is, why put all that negativity out there in the first place?
Because you don't know what struggles people are having when the cameras are off. So it costs
nothing to be kind. Thank you. That's a very succinct way to put it. It costs nobodies to
be kind. My, my, my former manager at my job used to have this placard outside of this cubicle that
said be kind because everybody is fighting a hard battle. Yeah. So and that's why I think this is
more than appropriate to be discussing here, especially as Twitch culture is gaining more
and more. I mean, we just talked about yesterday, or sorry, not yesterday, last week, it felt like
yesterday, we just talked about last week, the death of a traditional gaming network.
Because it can't compete with where modern viewing eyes are going. And that's Twitch and YouTube and
those sorts of custom created things. There was a whole insider article on that G4 debacle this
week that was shared in our discord over at vognetwork.com. That was very enlightening. I
thought that whole article was very interesting. There's another factor to consider too. This goes
beyond just streaming but goes into the realm of like multiplayer games. Voice Chat is still
a very toxic environment for women and female presenting people who go into multiplayer chats.
Well, and you remember I got bullied off of Twitch once already I was on there in 2017.
But I mean, now I've got a really good supportive community, especially now that you know,
I've made those cuts.
Well, and you know, the OL army's got your back. You know, you always we have a we have a small by
Twitch standards, but loyal few and we heart you all so much for that.
Yeah, we absolutely do. But I mean, the other thing too is that always I have to remind myself
and this was something that it took me a while to learn after escaping that situation is that
the people who are like that they don't know you. They haven't taken the time to get to know you.
Why? Why let them hurt you? You know, if they're and if they're in your home,
and they're using what they know of you to be this person, then you owe it to yourself
to value yourself more than what then their words. If you're in a dangerous situation,
there are ways of getting out of it. There are places that will help you. There are ways of
hiding your location hiding your identity from people that would track you. The help is there.
All right, that's it.
Let's move on to some more stories. We'll go into our next story kind of going back to
some of the mainstream game news and some games that won't be around much longer. Right, Loki?
Yeah, it's just typical EA. So they're shutting that's all you need to say.
Oh, now in the news tonight. EA is being EA Thank you. See you next week.
They're shutting down. Well, I mean, to be fair, Ubisoft is the same thing.
Recently as well, but they're just as bad. So they're shutting down some old servers for
some older games that you may have played. So including, of course, we have, you know,
these are actually as of even last week, they already shut down some of the servers. So we
had army of two, the 40th day and army of two, the devil's cartel, as well as Dragon Age origins,
the multiplayer screenshots server has been shut down. November 9, they're going to be shutting
down the command and conquer red alert three command and conquer three Tiberium Wars and
command conquer three canes raft as well as mercenary to world in flames. That's those are
all going to be shut down November 9 on rush is going down, which is not even that old.
November 30. And then finally, January 19, they're going to be putting out was it mirrors edge NBA
jam on fire edition gatling gears and shank two are all going down. So that's, that's annoying.
So what this will how this will affect your games. Some of these you know, they're you're
just not gonna be able to play obviously online some of them it will block some of the achievements
that required you to be online in order to get those as well. So yeah, that kind of sucks. If
you're if you're looking to get those achievements. Some of those may be too late on but you know,
I'm used all the time dark to see and chat says well to be fair mirrors edge has been up since
2008. Don't encourage them. No, I mean, I get it. Nothing can really last forever in that regard.
But yeah, as Joe and Matt says, I was honestly surprised some of those servers are still up
mostly mirrors edge. The achievement aspect does suck. Yeah. So I mean, I think I like to think
developers have learned a lot since designing those earlier Xbox 360 style achievements like
you know, achievements have been in our in our industry for God probably 15 years now, right?
So I think developers for the most part of guidance gotten smarter at making more everlasting
achievements that don't necessarily require the game to you'll play in multiplayer mode.
There's still a few of those out there. But yeah, I feel like we're starting to see less of those
that really rely on the you know, multiplayer and online features because most games, you know,
especially if you're Babylon's fall. There's a lot of games that don't last even a year sometimes
find out the Final Fantasy mobile game. What the hell was that that one they just pulled out the
Final Fantasy seven spin off mobile. Yeah, I don't remember now, which clearly made an impact if I
can't even remember the fucking name. So anyway, mobile game Battle Royale Final Fantasy some Yeah.
All right. And Mike Defton chats is not even Prime Minister's last that long. Oh,
I love a good callback joke. Thank you very much. All right. Moving on. Let's talk about another
story which has to do with Microsoft and maybe something they're planning for in the future.
It is a branded mobile game store. But that's interesting to me because I go,
but Xbox and Microsoft tried to do the mobile phones and that didn't really last. They didn't
really get into that. So what exactly are they doing? Well, they have done a filing with UK's
Competition and Markets Authority or the CMA. And they're having to do this because they're
basically the CMA has a lot of questions about the Activision Blizzard merger, and it almost
looks like they don't want to approve it. So Xbox has kind of had to show a little bit about
what the plans are to do a next gen Xbox store that would be on mobile devices, as well as
console and PCs. And I see some of this today because like if you look like even on, you know,
Google or Apple, there is an Xbox app that allows you to interact with the store for your consoles
or your PC, like you can download game pass games, and like have them queue up. So they're there when
you get home and doing that through mobile. So it makes a little bit of sense that maybe Microsoft
is looking to kind of expand that into other games that are just game pass and maybe for mobile games
as well. I'm not sure how that works. I mean, because I'm pretty sure the rules of Apple,
at least if not maybe Google as well, would prevent them from doing that within an app.
But you can do anything through the web, which is where they went for their cloud based gaming. So
maybe it's going to be a web app. I don't know. But what we do know is that they're looking at
this for things like Call of Duty mobile, the more casual games, because remember, it's Activision
Blizzard King, and King really lives in this space like Candy Crush and that stuff too, right?
So it is something they're looking at. And they have said it will require a major shift in consumer
habits with the competition that's currently out there. They are going to apply the open app store
philosophy to the Xbox mobile shop, and so on and so on. So it's, it's interesting that they're going
this way. They're having to show this again, because of the merger that they want to do.
So we know some of their future plans in this, because they want to get through
the merger with the CMA and have that approved. Because there's a lot of talk about is it going
to be approved? And it sounds like if it's not approved, it's all Bobby Kotick's fault.
I don't understand how he is still.
There's someone who needs to be dropped into a pit.
Just, just fade into obscurity. Just honestly. So like the, that's the,
that's the person that needs to stick to theater is Bobby Kotick. My gosh. All right. Anyhow,
let's go back to a simpler time. I was gonna say a simpler time when there wasn't mobile games.
But actually, I don't think that's the case tonight. But let's roll the official bump, please.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault
and pull out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
And Dark Soccer, I have a feeling you're picking one of those games that we don't want to believe
is 10 years old, but it is, huh? Yeah, and I did it for you actually.
Oh, I do like this game. Yeah. So anyway, the game is Giana Sisters
Twisted Dreams. It was a platformer developed by Black Forest Games for Windows. And it is
the successor to the 1987 Commodore 64 title, The Great Giana Sisters, and a sequel to the
reimagining Giana Sisters DS. It's a crowdfunded game with Kickstarter, and it hits a goal of
$150,000. In addition to that Windows release, there's been a console port. There's other things
going on, a little drama, but we'll get to that in a second. So that's for the plot of the game.
Maria is abducted to the dream world, and a dragon is holding her prisoner, and Giana
has to go enter the dream world to get her. And so she can manipulate her dreams to switch between
dreams and be a cute or punk persona to deal with different things as she goes along.
So after Giana Sisters DS came out, Spellbound Entertainment went bankrupt, and Armin Gesserit
died. And so Black Forest Games was founded by key members from Spellbound and took over all
the Spellbound's assets, including all the intellectual property. So they worked on the
Giana Sisters title beginning in early 2011. There were conditions that were put on them in
order for the game to see a release, and so they wanted a lot cut out. So they were really working
on it. I mean, people kept thinking that it was a copycat of Super Mario Brothers, but they really
were trying to change it into something unique. And so it turned into what was called Project
Giana so they could transform. And so the world changes when she changes, and there's all kinds
of other stuff, different attacks that they have in each form. And what they did with this one,
they went for a 3D design instead of the DS's 2D design. And then they thought about shelving
the game so they could try to fund it themselves. But the Kickstarter was so successful that they
kept going, kept doing the crowdfunding, they kept making it happen, and they hit their goal on July
30th, 2012. So with the fundraiser, they announced Xbox Live Arcade and PSN support. The stretchy
goal was that it would be a 16-level release and a full version 20-level release at $200,000.
And if it hit the goal, there was going to be Ouya support for $300,000.
Oh no, not that.
Well, this is right when it came out.
I know. It's wild to me that we're talking about Kickstarter-backed games and the classic Game
of the Week segment, but it is 10 years old. It's just wild to me.
To be fair, at least it came out.
That's more than we can say about some other recent consoles.
As I was saying, they hit that goal and amassed a total of $186,159 on the official Kickstarter
and then reached $190,000 when PayPal pledges were added in. They had a livestream to celebrate
and they had interviews and all kinds of stuff.
On August 30th, 2012, Project Giana was among the first to be featured on Valve's Steam Greenlight.
October 15th, 2012, it was a fully greenlit for release on Steam.
Fans were invited to vote for their title to be used. So there was also Twisted Dream,
Giana's Twisted Dream, or Project Giana.
And so the game was revealed to be Giana Sisters Twisted Dreams on September 21st, 2012.
The music had the original composer for the first great Giana Sisters, Chris Hulsbeck,
and the Swedish heavy metal band Maschine Supremacy, and Fabian Del Priore, who worked
on Giana Sisters DS. And the soundtrack is actually really freaking good.
The CD was offered as a reward on the Kickstarter.
So as for the release, it was originally a digital release October 23rd, 2012. That's today.
Wow.
It's the anniversary.
Exactly. Wow.
Yeah. Did I time it or did I time it?
Timed it pretty well.
The DLC was released on September 26th, 2013 for Windows. And if you backed the Kickstarter,
you got it for free.
I did. Backed the Kickstarter.
Rise of the Alverlord could be purchased by itself as a standalone game.
On September 5th, 2013, Giana Sisters Twisted Dreams was released for the Wii U.
It was a physical director's cut for PS4 and Xbox One on December 12th, 2014.
And it included Giana Sisters Twisted Dreams Rise of the Alverlord.
That's O-W-L, if you think I'm saying it funny.
And then the Ultimate Edition was released on the Switch September 25th, 2018.
It had the director's cut and five more levels and cut scenes.
It was met pretty favorably. It got pretty decent scores. It looks beautiful.
People love that you can immerse yourself in the world.
At Destructoid, it was said that it was a labor of Euro love.
And they said it was very polished controls and excellent gameplay.
Lots of stuff to find in this game.
One of the things that I think is interesting, though, is that they promised a Mac and Linux
version after they did the Humble Indie Bundle 11 in February 2014, but hasn't been released.
And the Switch version was released by Handy Games, which is a THQ Nordic subsidiary.
And so that's it.
All right. Great pick.
Giana Sisters Twisted Dreams, a game that literally barely makes the cut as a 10-year-old game.
But wow, it's just fascinating to think how far we've come in 10 years.
But this game still looks really good today, to be honest.
Yeah, it totally would fit in any sort of modern release.
Absolutely. And I've played this game a little bit before.
It's interesting. Giana Sisters, the original in Commodore 64, is really known for two things.
It's known for the Mario Brothers lawsuit because it took a lot of cues from Mario
Brothers and had a lot of various similarities to it, and even the name reminiscent of Mario
Brothers. And then the music. The music was incredible in the Commodore 64 version of the
game. Ask anybody who follows chiptunes of that era, like top 10 soundtracks from Commodore 64,
Giana Sisters is going to be on it every single time.
So it's interesting, but the game itself wasn't very good.
It's going to have its defenders. There's people that are going to say I'm wrong.
Too bad. It isn't very good. However, the sequel, the this one is a good game.
And because it came up, it wasn't just a Mario Brothers rip off, it came up with the whole idea
of the switching and all that stuff that I think works a lot better. So yeah, I think it works
great. And it just yeah, it just was a great game as a result. And it's interesting to see
a game that was the subject of a lawsuit and controversy back in the Commodore 64 games
really get like a second and even third life because the DS version was out there.
But then this one, I think a lot more people saw because of Kickstarter and
it's been given away. It's a true sequel.
Yeah, it's a real true sequel. And really evolved on the formula.
Yeah, for sure. All right, let's travel around and check out some rapid fire news.
And we'll start with Loki. Yeah. So we've been having this trend
lately where folks will decompile a game and then, well, they will decompile it.
They'll basically recreate the code from scratch, reverse engineer it. And so the next game to
fit that bill is going to be Perfect Dark, the original game that was out on Nintendo 64.
They have made they've been able to recreate the game, release a reverse engineer, I guess.
And now it is ported to PC. And you, of course, can, you know,
up the resolution, do all sorts of crazy stuff with that you wouldn't have been able to before.
And, you know, what they basically this is actually now a process that uses, I think,
the actual and I don't know if it uses the actual N64 ROM to revert.
You have to have the ROM and then reverse engineer it with that using a tool.
But either way, you end up being able to play it on PC and it runs negatively,
which is pretty awesome. So I'm sure that's out there on the web,
ready for Nintendo or actually, I don't know, it's a rare game, but maybe Nintendo will smack
it down. Maybe Microsoft smack it down. Somebody will smack it down.
And then there is a brand new Mortal Kombat game called Onslaught, which is coming out for mobile.
And it is a they call it a mobile exclusive cinematic story experience for the series.
Cool, I guess. Cool, if you're into mobile games.
Yeah, it's yeah, it's a reimagined Mortal Kombat into a strategic team based collection RPG with
fast. Yeah, it sounds like literally almost most of the mobile games out there. But yeah,
if you want one with a Mortal Kombat, you know, layer of paint on it. Here you go.
Enjoy.
Let's talk about Mario Party. Jason kind of mentioned it in the intro. Not to it's not
Mario Party three. It's actually Mario Party one. But do you remember the box art for the original
Mario Party? It made it look like it was Mario Party three, because the the way the box art was,
I have it. I have a copy of it here. I can show on the other screen real quick.
It had the dice on it. And so it looked like it was Mario Party three. I don't know. But it's
actually the original Mario Party. Mario Party one and two are coming out for the switch online
expansion pack. You know, the backwards compatible Nintendo 64 library. So pilot wing 64 just came
out this last month. And Nintendo has confirmed that Mario Party and Mario Party two are coming
out for the Switch Online expansion pack. And they're coming out for the Nintendo 64
and Mario Party two will be arriving on November 2. So if you are ready to ruin friendships online,
through playing online with the Nintendo Switch Online plan, you can you can do that. So if you
want to make enemies coast to coast, you have that ability through a Mario Party. Of course,
there's also Mario Party games that exist on Switch. But you know, if you want to classically
ruin friendships, you can do that with the original Mario Party one and two. In a little
bit more of a traditional game type of news also coming for the switch but also PlayStation five
Xbox series PlayStation four Xbox one is right in three cross Mikado maniacs. This is coming out on
February 23, 2023. It will be out in Japan for 3800 yen. There's also gonna be a 7200 yen limited
edition which has a diorama you know you need that to soundtrack CD and a special box. So this is
right in three, but it has background music remixes by artists that are produced by games
that are Akado like if you want to know like what is that whole name about? So you get basically
different music in there. Some of the artists include heavy metal right and reuse star for
those of you that follow on Konami series that might sound familiar to you. Daisuke Matsumoto,
so she hosts I and so on and so on. So there's a lot of cool stuff in there over 20 enhanced
background music tracks are coming which is pretty cool. So that is all coming out
on February 23. And darted see it says, I'm kind of hyped for this. I have the sequel right in four
cross Mikado. And they have some of their stuff on YouTube if you want to hear it. If you love heavy
metal, and who doesn't, this stuff is going to be your jam. So very cool. Alright, well, let's
travel around the world and check out some games that are coming out a lot sooner than right in
three cross Mikado. We have dungeons of aether, which is by the folks that made rivals of aether.
And that is coming out on PC mount in blade to banner Lord on PC PlayStation four PlayStation
five Xbox one and Xbox series. Victoria three on PC Mac and Linux. Yo, looks like your Marwari
lost in the dark on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation four ace angler fishing spirits on
Nintendo Switch. We have aquarium on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation four. It's a visual novel,
not a not a fish sim sorry. Decapo for fortunate departures on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation four
gunfire reborn on Xbox one and Xbox series. Needy streamers overlord overload that is a weird
looking game. Needy streamer overlord overload not overlord. That's a whole different game.
Nintendo Switch sack boys big adventure on PC. We have signalists on PC, Nintendo Switch,
PlayStation four and Xbox one star ocean the divine force on PC, PlayStation four,
PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series. Also, it appears that we have ace angler
fishing spirits on Nintendo Switch. I'm guessing these are different regions probably for that.
Also, we've got Bayonetta three, a game of no controversy whatsoever coming out on
Nintendo Switch. Call of Duty, Modern Warfare two. It's like I'm back several decades ago.
No, this is a new one, and that is on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one
and Xbox series and does look pretty good. Chris, let's see, we've got crystallize on PC,
dungeon munchies on PlayStation four and PlayStation five. Resident Evil reverse on
PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one. And Yamawari lost in the dark also coming out on PC,
Nintendo Switch and PlayStation four. I'm guessing this is also another region,
European release date. I don't know why that's on my release dates, but whatever.
All right, that is it. We're traveling over to Japan and checking out the releases on the
Nintendo Switch this week. We have Needy Girl Overdose, but it's in English, but it is getting
a Japanese release this week on the 27th. DC 4 Decapo, Fortunate Departures, also out in Japan
this week on the Switch. Ace Angler Fishing Spirits in an English and a multi-language
release, two separate releases. A game called Aquarium gets a release as well. There's also
a special Dead by Daylight, Sadako Rising, official Japanese version. So I'm assuming
that comes with the Ringu DLC that was, it's been out for some while, but it's just a re-release of
that because I think DVD is gaining popularity in Japan actually. And it's in part, thanks to some
of these characters they're including. A game called SnowRunner is getting a price reduction.
That's pretty cool. As well as a game called Signalus is coming out on the Switch this week
in Japan. There's also a split pad fit coming out for the Nintendo Switch. There's one for Gengar
and Pikachu. Oh, these are, oh, I see what this is. They're like joy cons that make your controller
like bigger. It's kind of neat. It makes the buttons kind of all in a different place. So
it's kind of neat. So that is coming out. If you, you know, you need better grips on your
Nintendo Switch, check that out in Japan this week. Also, of course, Bayonetta 3. Interesting
though, because earlier in the show, we were talking about, um, Japanese voice actors and
so forth. Uh, the release for Japan is marked as English. So I'm not sure if they did localization
for this. Uh, it may still be in English, uh, maybe with Japanese subtitles. Just,
I just noticed that on the releases, they do say this is in English. So kind of interesting,
but that is it for the Switch this week, going to the PlayStation 5, uh, and looking at the
releases there, Star Ocean, the Defying Force is out on October 27th, as well as again, the Dead
by Daylight, Sadako Rising is also on PlayStation 5, cause you know, that game's everywhere.
Uh, The Legend of Heroes, Kuro no Kiseuke 2 is out this week, uh, in Japan as well on the PlayStation
5. So pretty busy week, but understandable. It was a busy week in music as well. So it's a very
busy time. Um, I see Dark Sakura is just now sitting down. So I don't know if you want to do
Europe releases or you want me to. Oh, she's going to do it. Okay. So I'll turn it over to
Dark Sakura for the European releases. Uh, sorry about that. My voice is cutting out quite a bit
now. No worries. I just want to make sure you're okay to do it. No, I appreciate that. I appreciate
that very much. So, uh, for this week on the 25th for PlayStation and Xbox, we have Melt and Blade
2. We also have Miraculous Rise of the Sphinx also for Switch, add into that. On the 27th,
we have Star Ocean, The Divine Force on PlayStation, Xbox on the, on the big three,
Asterix Novelisk, um, on the 28th, Bayonetta 3 for Switch, Call of Duty, Modern Warfare for
Xbox, PlayStation, Resident Evil, uh, Village Gold Edition on the same, um, Slime Rancher,
Plortable Edition on, uh, October 28th. Um, also, uh, Do Not Open on PlayStation and
Cocomelon Play with JJ on October 28th for Switch. All right. We're going to have a few more stories
and then we're going to invite your calls, uh, tonight on our Discord, vognetwork.com
slash Discord. I'll pop one more. I forgot on, on the 30th, since we'll be airing that day,
um, Aeterna Noctis on PlayStation and Switch. All right. Cool. Uh, yeah. So we'll, uh, we'll
do a few more stories and then we're going to invite your calls over at vognetwork.com
slash Discord. I know there's been some talk, uh, on the Discord as well as Bobby was mentioning
on his show tonight about, are we going to be using Twitch guest star capabilities in the future?
The answer is more testing needs to be done to make sure that works, especially here. Um,
it's one thing for Bobby's show because it's just him. For us, I have to make sure that our guest
stars can also hear Dark Sakura and Loki. That is assuming we don't power the whole show through
guest star, which is also a possibility. So there's a lot of questions still to ask,
uh, as far as making all that work. Um, so for the time being, for now, for the foreseeable future,
we're going to keep it with our Discord and we do hope you will join our Discord. I know you're
probably in a million Discords. I promise we limit the use of at everyone to extremely minimal.
In fact, I can't think of the last time we've used it. So we really try not to send you pings,
uh, unless like, again, I can't think of the time in the past.
And to be fair, like, you know, it literally takes a second to shut that off anyways,
notification wise, like literally every Discord I go, I mute it immediately and I put, I disable
all those notifications. It takes like less than a second, especially streamer servers where they
need to ping the whole server when they go live. I understand why people to do that. It's important
for engagement, but Twitch already tells me when people goes live. So I don't, I don't need it
twice. So yeah. So just, I mean, like that shouldn't really be a thing to hold you back.
Yeah. All right. Let's move on. Uh, more stories, Loki.
Oh boy. Let's talk about Activision. Cause you know, I'm sure all good news. And so I had to
look up who this person was because I wasn't really sure at first, cause they didn't seem
very professional and good communications, but apparently they are the executive, uh,
vice president of corporate affairs and the chief communications officer, meaning that
their communication game is 100%. So this is Lulu Cheng, um, Missouri, and, uh, she just
joined the Activision team and she's already, already doing a bang up job by Activision
standards. So as you may remember, the we've had a few of the departments in there start to
unionize and there's been, of course, more talks about unionization as well. So, uh, she thought
it would be good to go into the Slack channels of these, um, employees and remind them that,
Hey, you know what? Um, you probably shouldn't be talking about, um, you know, you shouldn't
be talking about unionization because it's time consuming. It could prevent employees from getting
raises until a deal is reached. Um, of course that was met with lots of, um, pushback from
the employees as well. Um, this is after they're saying that we'd like a direct communication line
with these employees and stuff like that, and we want them to be able to communicate.
But of course, obviously they're just trying to stop the unionization is what they're trying to
do. Um, and then what's great is, you know, when called out on this, because she's actively
tweeting on, um, Twitter, for example, you know, they said, it's very funny to be an executive at
a $50 billion company and say, you're genuinely curious if there's some political or something
political about opposing unionization. And her takeaway from that is we're actually closer to
$60 billion. It's like tone deaf and stupid. Can you be, but apparently very, and that's,
which moves you forward at Activision, a video game executive clueless about the industry
on my internet. Um, when, when asked for comment about the situation, Activision spoke person,
and clearly not the chief communication officer lower down on the list. They're not quite up to
the Activision communication standards, but they did put out a statement saying both union and
both the union and company are allowed to share their perspectives on the pros and cons
of unionization. We deeply respect the right of every eligible employee to decide whether the
joining union have their vote counted. Yes. As we make veiled threats to them to prevent them from
joining a union. Yes. That that's, that's, that's their, their perspectives. I can't wait to hear
what the legal systems perspective is on all of this. So hopefully we'll get a resolution of that
pretty soon or Microsoft's perspective on if this person still needs to be employed. Uh, once the
merger goes through. All right. I'm sure Microsoft has their own spokespeople, uh, perfectly capable
of, um, you know, not tweeting, um, silly things anyway, but Hey, Twitter's probably going to be
dead after this week anyway. So what's the matter? Might as well, might as well get in those five
star tweets while you still can. I think it's going to happen. I I'm, I'm praying it doesn't
and look, I'm just saying it's not who's buying it. That is necessarily the bad news for me,
but I've already been very clear on the red line. If they reverse that ban, I'm out period,
not sharing the platform with a criminal. That's that's it. I'll be honest. We're sharing it with
a lot of other criminals. I know what you mean, but I'm not, not that, not that one.
Anyone who voted for that thing, anyone who enabled that thing and participated in the
riots against our Capitol. Yeah. They're all criminals. I know. So I just, yeah.
Questbuster says it was a great experiment while it lasted. Exactly. You know what,
if it's all over after this week, I look back fondly on 15 years and a lot of people that I
met and it'll be like, what's the next thing we're going to. We, we, we survived live journal,
dead journal, Zanga. We survived MySpace, Friendster. Somehow we're still surviving
Facebook. I don't know. I swear to God, I bring up Facebook on mobile. I'll see one post from a
friend and then it's suggested posts, sponsored posts, one post from a friend, suggested posts,
sponsored posts, one, it's like, why do I put up with this? Seriously? So social media in general.
Oh my God. Social media is due for a reckoning and it's coming.
So yeah, Bobby says, wait, you see posts from friends? Uh, when I say friends, I mean people
I met once at a party when I was intoxicated and we decided it would be a good idea to add each
other on Facebook. Uh, and now I see their thoughts on, you know, after they've moved
to, um, you know, the, another part of the country, but whatever.
I don't do Facebook at all. I honestly, I don't blame you.
Sia Tabiri in chat says, am I the only one who survived high five? Yes, you are.
I've tried a few other services by the way. I honestly, this is so silly. I miss LiveJournal.
I still have my account. I like that pillow fort until I signed up for it. And then it went down
for six months, like a week after I made my first post. All right, let's move on. I'm going to go
ahead and take this next story, which has to do with star Wars eclipse. And we have some more
updates on star Wars eclipse. Um, so, uh, star Wars eclipse is going to be apparently introduced.
This is the Quantic Dream RPG in star Wars. If you were not sure what I'm talking about here,
a new report from sacred symbols has talked about what is happening. This game was originally
announced at the game awards last year. So it's been a few months because you know, the game
awards 2022 is going to be here in a few weeks, believe it or not. So usually early December,
right? Um, the interesting thing about the sacred symbols report is that the game as far as I can
tell is not even in production yet. Yikes, if it's that far out, but all right. Uh, but apparently
there's some documents that talk about an overview of the game, main characters and the motivation.
The game is being co-written by David Cage and Adam Williams, and they've done other Quantic
Dream titles. So that would be a huge surprise. Uh, a character named Sarah is an athletic 30
something who is, uh, in a human like race, uh, that is apparently the lead of the game.
Uh, but the race in the, uh, that Sarah is from the Zaron is apparently new to the star Wars
universe, or at least hasn't been seen in star Wars before. Uh, they pride themselves on political
and military aggression and similar to what you'd find elsewhere in star Wars. There's little
difference between males and females when it comes to roles and responsibilities, but there's an
interesting wrinkle. When a Zaron marries, their nuptials carry interesting military implications
as they become one governing unit that works together. What? All right. Come on sci-fi.
Uh, this is a problem because Sarah, a fanatical true believer in the violence and criminality
regularly demonstrated by her empire is married to a character named Zendo who has a far softer
touch. Part of the game seems to evolve around these two characters and their relationship.
Alrighty. And lightsabers. And that star Wars eclipse in a nutshell, at least what the early
reports are saying. All right. But we'll see. I mean, it's obviously still very early on. And if
you, if you think you're waiting a long time for elder scrolls six, just wait on this one.
All right. Meanwhile, Loki. Oh, I'm sure you're so excited to talk about this.
How them mighty have fallen. Like I remember seeing will, right. Talk about, um,
oh gosh, spore way back in the day. The last big game he did.
If I don't think he's done a big game since 2008. So that it's been a while. That game really got
shit. I don't think that game was great or anything, but it wasn't as bad as people make
it out to be. I think it was a fine game. Sports a fight. It shouldn't be, it shouldn't have been
his last game he ever made, but the internet ran him off as they usually do. Well now he's back and
he's pitching a brand new project that he's working on called Vox verse. It is a game with
voxel based characters that walk around and do things. And, um, also there's going to be, uh,
apparently it ties to, I think these are based off of NFTs already and you can buy virtual real
estate using real money. Now he should be right off the internet for this. I'm just kidding.
And I'm just kidding. Yeah. So, uh, apparently, yeah, the vox characters are sold by a crypto
firm called, um, gala games. It was spent $25 million funding vox verse. Um, you know,
we'll write said that he does. I don't want to really, I don't really want to be in the business
of selling NFTs. Um, I have, he says, I, the reason he's interested in blockchains, I have,
I want to have a secure transactions for content creators and yeah.
It's an interesting perspective. I will give him that. And I can see, you know,
he's trying to distance himself from the whole NFT thing. Cause I think even in the interview,
like he wasn't saying it, it was the rep other representative that was saying that or whatever.
And I think he's kind of trying to distance himself. So like, I will give him,
I mean, I don't see myself playing this game. No, I'll give it a chance. Like, just like,
I'll say like, you know, okay. Is the game good? Question mark. And if the game's good, then,
you know, I'm willing to try playing it and see like what this is all about. But I just,
the, all these NFT, none of them are good. None of them. And I'll tell you what, every time
I get spam at the OLR account, it's some fucking NFT thing. We're getting tagged in.
It's like, again, Intel NFTs can get away from the entire criminality about them.
They're never going to be looked at seriously by anyone. So I will say,
Will Wright is at least being intelligent in trying to distance himself from that term NFT
and instead be like, I want a secure marketplace for creators to be able to transact with each
other. And hey, this one's already built, so I'm going to leverage it. Like, so I'm willing
to give him at least a shred of like my time, but I just don't, I, you know, seeing the game
screenshots and all this early on, it looks so generic though, but whatever. We'll see what it,
we'll see when it comes out, if it comes out, even if it ever gets done or the NFTs lose their
value. And then they just, you know, they have no money to fund it anymore. It feels like crypto's
gone to a place it's never going to recover from anyway. I'm just going to make an NFT of my tongue
and sell it to prove a point. You probably could. I'll do it to prove a point. All right.
What's the point? You getting money from a sucker? That's the point. Pretty much that's the point.
All right. I'm actually going to embed it in very tiny text in the same color. A sucker bought this.
All right. Well, let's talk one more story here tonight. A follow-up to a story a couple of weeks
ago, we were, when we were talking about Google and Stadia and the final days of Google Stadia.
And one question that came up was, well, what about that guy who spent 6,000 hours in Red Dead?
Is he screwed? And the answer came out this week. No, that player is not screwed.
An update came out from Rockstar Games saying, we are pleased to confirm that all active Stadia
players who played Red Dead Online within the last 30 days prior to Stadia announcing their shutdown
will be able to carry over any earned RDO dollars, Red Dead Online bucks, gold bars, XP, roll XP,
and roll tokens to another existing account on either PC, Xbox One or PlayStation four.
Players will just need to have the target game account linked to their Rockstar Social Club
account. So honestly, very similar process to what Dark Soccer has been going through with
DBD. It's Red Dead Online. That's not a single player game. Yeah. Right. But, but here's the
thing. Oh yeah, that's right. It's not a single player game. You're right. There is. No, they're
talking about, they're talking about the, their, their, their fantasy books. I thought this was
the, okay, well, that's a whole other thing then, is it? Well, the other thing I caught
is that it had to be the last 30 days that you played it. So you had to be a regular player of
this, or why do they have to limit it to just 30 days? Good, good, good Lord. Probably because
that's how far their backups go or something like that. And maybe they only retain data for that
long or something. Just with other games, Ubisoft confirmed that they are working with transfers to
PC through Ubisoft Connect. Bungie and IO Interactive are also working with Destiny and
Hitman players about their games. So, you know, the game makers are trying to, you know, get the
Stadia loyal back on their feet on another platform. But sometimes the restrictions are
a little silly. I still can't wait to see if Dark Soccer basically got her entire Dead by Daylight
collection bought and paid for by Google. Wait a second. I actually have a little bit more
about the Dead by Daylight thing. Just a discovery that I've made on two fronts.
O-R-L-Y. Okay, so for Epic players, they're reporting that same 30-day deal that the
Red Dead folks are seeing. Now, I had, now remember how it was saying that your arc
cells were not transferable between one and the other? I had used up as much as I could
on my Steam side when I bought some. And then, like I had like 10. And then I've been,
I was doing the Rift on my Stadia version, you know, getting those arc cells, spending them to
advance the Rift because I want to use them up. And I was left with like 95. And I logged into my
Steam one using Boostroid and I checked it and I had 95 arc cells there unless it was a big,
you know, coincidence. But I tested something. I got some more arc cells. I spent them. I did
stuff with them. I was left with 60. When I logged into my Stadia account, I had 60.
Oh, interesting. I have not seen my achievements carried over,
but I should probably check my, I'll check my Steam account right now.
But I'm hoping that they get the merge thing. I'm actually going to be testing it out
probably in a week or so to see if the merge is working. Let me take a look at my Steam library,
see what my achievements are. But I'll tell you in a second.
All right. Well, that was the last slot of news story we have for the night. So this is the part
where we open it up to you all. If you want to participate with our show tonight, I think there
were a couple of people that said they wanted to call in. So I'll give them a moment to get
over to our green room over at vognetwork.com slash discord. If you want to join the green room
so you can be on tonight's show, head on over there. Again, that's over at vognetwork.com
slash discord. And you can also send us an email. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place
to send us an email if you want to talk about something on the show. But as I understand,
we have no emails tonight. So you can also tweet us, twitter.com slash O-L-R. I don't think I saw
a lot of tweet. I've been fighting out spam every time I go in there. And I bet if I go in there
again, there'll be more. And I report every single one. And now hearing that you know who
wants to reduce the workforce by 75% so that those reports are going to go literally nowhere. I hope
y'all are right. I hope something happens in the last minute to stop that deal because it's a lose
lose proposition. He's going to lose money on it when people abandon ship because his ideas for
that platform are not smart. But so I did check by the way. And I only have six achievements.
So no, well, there's the expert survivor, master survivor, and then the, the old prestige levels.
There's still time, we'll see what happens. All right, so let's move on. We do have somebody in
the green room waiting to be on the show. So let's welcome them to the show. Hello,
you're on orange on radio. Who's this?
Greetings one at all is the one and only Rama.
Rama, it's so good to hear from you. How are you? Cheers.
How is everybody tonight?
Good. Yeah, it's it's always a little sad when it's Sunday, because like, oh,
it's the end of the weekend. But I'm happy to be here doing or talking to all of you.
I'm happy to see that there's even one person who shows up in chat. So there's a lot to be
happy about.
I'm all about that. And, um, let's just cut right to the chase.
Oh, I just I'm also happy that I was completely 100% correct on that band at a three voice actor
thing, which I think you're calling it to talk about tonight.
Hold on, hold on. I gotta have a little drink about that.
They can put please sip some tea. Actually, I have some tea here as well. I will I will sip on my
tea. Let's let's spill some tea together. Oops, I spilled a little tea. Let's do that here on
here on tonight's OLR.
This is the first time I've called in where I had to have to have a drink with what I had to say,
because I'm like, I'm gonna need a drink for this. And don't worry, it's just pure coffee,
because that's what runs me 24 73 65. Now, I want to talk about how you mentioned people getting
mad about voice actors asking for, you know,
Oh, yes, the selfies and the autographs. Oh, yes.
I'm going to tell you this right now. Those who complain are entitled sobs plain as day.
Now, I can tell you, you can go to a comic at one time, you go to a comic convention.
It was like it was in grown all the guests there you have to pay for an autograph.
You go to an anime convention. The autographs everything were free. Now,
you go to a Gen Con of convention, not Gen Con itself, but a convention that covers
anime, sci fi, fancy all of that. It used to be where if they were strictly anime,
free autographs, everyone had to pay. It's changed. Now it's like most conventions regardless
of the genre that it is, the guests appear, and you have to pay for the autographs.
And the weebs are crying about it because they feel the money that they have spent on getting
to the con buying their ticket, getting their hotel room and buying all that swag or their
favorite anime or video game. But they don't want to shut out a $20 bill to get an autograph by that
actor who voiced their favorite anime or video game. One of my close friends is a voice actor.
I saw him at a convention. I got two autographs from him. And I bought them. I did not ask for
free. I've known him for 10 plus years. I still bought them because I'm not just a friend. I'm a
supporter of his work. So you don't go to a Starbucks your friend works at and say, Hey,
give me free coffee because you work here. So I deserve free coffee.
My friends used to give me free coffee when they worked at Starbucks.
You're not helping. You're not helping.
I know I'm not helping. But it's a fair point.
It's a difference. If I say that to you, come by, I'll hook you up. That's a different story.
Yeah, no. And do you know what? I have been very hashtag blessed. Because when I say hashtag
blessed, I don't make it sound like I'm getting on the stage thanking God for my award and that
whole thing. I'm very hashtag blessed to have met so many diverse people throughout the nation,
thanks to OLR, that there are people that have hooked me up with things. I don't want to flex.
But I'm just going to say, I really am thankful for the opportunities that doing something like
this. My work discount for friends.
People from the show, people I met through the show.
It's too bad that I spent 18 years in health insurance and couldn't get anyone a discount,
but it is what it is. So I don't work there anymore, which is why I'm willing to say that.
Anyway, also real quick aside, I just want to say I don't usually acknowledge these live at the end
of the show. I usually talk about the gift subs and the biddies. But there is a hype train going
on in the chat right now. And Bobby Black Wolf donated five gift subs, which was very kind of
him to do. And then an anonymous person decided to one up him and do 10 gift subs. So whoever did
that, that was very kind of you. Thank you. All of you. I mean, whether it was one gift sub,
100 biddies, 500 biddies, all of you, just the fact that you do that and allow us to
be a legitimate business, putting this on and pay our legal fees every year,
sponsor conventions, things like that. I just want to take a minute to say, just fucking thank you.
Like, I mean that so much. Thank you. Thanks, Ram. I just saw you chip in there too.
Sorry about that one.
Get your emotes. What are we up to now? I haven't covered up. What is it? Level?
Oh, fuck. We're level five. Damn. All right. Thank you all.
I've seen a level 13 hype train. It'd be great if we can make one.
Oh, nice try. All right.
You can't blame a girl for trying.
I know you can't blame anyone for trying. All right. I, you know what? And even if you can't
afford, I cannot stress this enough. Y'all being here is donation enough for me. And especially
those of you that spread the word on social media and that sort of thing. I see that and just thank
you for all of that. I mean, the money's nice too, but I just want to be clear. All right. Anyway,
let's move on. I'm sorry, Ram. I interrupted a thought of yours while
Quite all right.
And I'll admit I was one of those. I was kind of pissed. I had to pay for autographs because I was,
it's not because I was entitled. It's what I'm used to is to animate culture, but you have to
learn to adapt and move on. Yes. It kind of sucks. You have to pay for an autograph,
but you know what that means? That means the voice actor will end up getting a lower
one-time cost for period con appearance, but they able to make more money on the autographs,
which allows the con to get more guests. That's true. That is true because, um, guests have to
have that minimum guarantee of how much they sell and a con can't get a big name guest that
they can't guarantee that they're going to allow that. Because if the celeb doesn't make that money,
the con has to reimburse them basically like, sorry, you came out here and didn't get your
multi-thousand dollar minimum, depending on who it is, it can be a multi-thousand dollar minimum.
So yeah, anyway, not to do too much inside baseball, but it's just one of those things
where it's like, if you, you know, again, if you think Helena Taylor was being underpaid at 20,000
or whatever it was they offered her to do Bayonetta, then fucking don't complain when
she charges you 40 bucks for a selfie. You're giving her the money you believe she's entitled to.
Rob, at this point, the hell with insider baseball, the people need to know. It's gotten to that
point. Yeah. It's got, let's go back to the, uh, the height of the pandemic. You had to open up
the books and tell people, this is why the concept happened. This is why this is not happening.
It's becoming public knowledge and people need to know there are more people, more voice actors
talking about, they're not getting paid enough. You know, I know voice actors who are Twitch
streaming, YouTube streaming. I mean, because in a way, because of the pandemic, we got more
critical role and that was started by Matt Mercer and a bunch of other voice actors.
Can I say as a quick aside, I owe you 75 cents because I've used the term
pandemic three times this week. So I now owe you three quarters.
Actually, you don't owe me three quarters. Those, those three quarters want to my best friends,
Patty and Steph. Okay. Two of the most ladies ever.
I miss Patty love Patty. I have, I met Steph.
Oh no, this is a different Patty and Steph. Oh, okay. Oh, I thought it was okay. Well,
I'm still going to declare my love for Patty. Okay. So I just, I did that one's on the house.
I'm sure other Patty and Steph, I would love to any, any friend of Rama's a friend of mine.
Well, they are the ones that made the glow in the dark fog patches.
Oh, okay. Then I do like them. Yes. Jamie knows Patty and Steph because they,
they do Debbie delight together. Sometimes if I'm not mistaken.
I, yeah, I'm starlet. I know them starlet creation.
They're absolutely delightful people. We haven't actually got, no, we, I did with starlight too,
which I don't sure which of them that is, but we did play, um, a little bit of Debbie together is
actually, no, it fell apart, but we tried to, but delightful people and, and regulars in my stream.
Yeah, for sure. And anyway, sorry, back to the, back to the topic of hands. Sorry,
we didn't know it's cool, but I'll always give a shout out to great people. But, um, the, uh,
you know, we were talking a little bit last week, we were reflecting on Twitch con, which was two
weeks ago. Right. And we were reflecting on the drag show, which was, you know, really a highlight
of Twitch con for, especially those of us in the LGBTQ plus community, you know, is very, um,
very, uh, great for us. And the fact that they were highlighting performers who didn't make
their careers off of drag race or what have you. And again, again, I have nothing but love in my
heart for those people, but I love that they spotlight people that again, we're not able to
perform in local clubs. And so they turned to Twitch to, you know, get that income that they
were missing from doing the club stuff and really built up a international following on a place like
Twitch. So, yeah, I mean, during the pandemic, a lot of, you know, voice actors and people that
were, you know, out jobs and so forth, we're, we're turning to Twitch to do that. And that's
why Twitch has really exploded, you know, in the last few years. So. Yep. Yep. All right. Anyway,
Rama, I gotta let you go. Cause we have one more caller waiting, but, um, any other thoughts before
we let you go? Pay people for what they're worth. And if you have, and if you don't feel your worth
is being paid, there are other ways of handling the situation with tact and respect. And another
way I might phrase that pay people what they're worth, but pay me first. I'm just kidding.
Just kidding. Girl. And that's all I have to say about that. You all take care of yourselves and
each other. It's always a delight to hear from you. Uh, I hope it's not too cold there. You're
wearing a jacket indoors. It must be very cold there. Something like that. It's like basically,
you know how there's four seasons in New York city, there's about 12 and fall just went to
hell with you. I'm out and winter's like, yo, what's good. And I'm just like,
Rama, you ever want to come to California for an extended visit? Look at that nice comfy couch.
Look at that nice comfy couch behind me here on the, the, uh, voice keys network.
I have, I have a full on height of bed. Uh, wait, that couch used to be mine.
I don't know. I don't know if I've mentioned this, but my job gives us mandatory three
weeks paid vacation and two weeks out of the year at the end of the year, the office is closed.
I've kind of canceled plans to go to Florida. So anything's plausible.
Come visit. We'll do, we'll do, we'll go do something fun.
I'll take you to a gay bar. We'll have the best time. I assure you.
But I want you to know it's been at least three,
four years since I've been to a gay bar. We'll take you to the Depot.
We will drive down and say hello to Victoria. Yes.
That's what I'm talking about right there. And then we'll go to see Victoria,
but I had stuff to do. All right. Now we really have to let you go to get to this other cause
now we're talking about people that the listeners are like, who the fuck are these people? All right,
have a good one. My friend. All right, let's get to another call. We're going to bring someone
else in here real quick. Hello. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hello, Shane.
Shane. It's been a while since we've heard from you. How are you?
I'm fine.
All right. Uh, what's on your mind tonight?
Pokemon as usual. I mean, of course now in all fairness, I talked about Pokemon earlier in the
show. So if you're, if you're here to yell at me for not bringing up Pokemon, uh, you should have
been here earlier. Uh, no, it doesn't matter when you talk about it's when I talk about it,
that counts. All right. How are we feeling about gen nine, Shane?
Oh, so excited. So excited. So they did, uh, I mean, I don't know what you talked about,
so I'm like, I just briefly mentioned the media tour this week for influencers and stuff that they
were showing the first hour of the game or whatever it is. Oh, it's not even the first
hour. They just got to play an hour. It kind of threw them in randomly. But, um,
the thing I want to talk about, the most important thing is the music. Well, it's not the most
important thing, but it's the most important thing really to come out of this like influencer media
tour. And I sent you a link so you could play the little clip that, uh, is awesome.
I can, but the problem is, um, dark soccer and Loki and yourself won't be able to hear it. Just
the listeners will be able to hear it when I do that.
Oh, well, all right. Everybody should still hear it.
All right. Well, forgive me for a moment. Cause I just need to change the shot real quick. Cause
I'm going to open a private discord screen. So I don't want to show, cause I don't know,
Lord knows what else we've been talking about in there. So let me just pull this up real,
uh, real quick. Um, and then I can, oops. Well, I guess we were talking about PT. Weren't we,
um, hold on. Let me try that again. Way to make that private.
Yeah. After going through all that. And I love that. What a shock after, after all that, it's
like, Oh, the, the secret conversation, Robin Shay, we're having, we're about PT. All right.
Let's see. All right. So I'm going to play this. Hold on. Let me, uh,
so this is music that we need to hear this battle wild Pokemon music. And I have never
heard this before, by the way. Yes. So wait, I'll set it up. So it's the music that plays
when you run into a Pokemon in the wild and it doesn't sound like Pokemon music there. That's
my, that's my setup. Okay. Let me, uh, I'm going to check out a little bit with apologies to dark
soccer and Loki. Cause we don't have that. It's like 10 seconds. It's nothing.
Are we going to get copyright strike? Cause I'm playing this music. I need to talk over it. Don't
I? Um, Oh God, these Pokemon are so cute though.
That's I mean, it's a good song, but I'm not sitting here going like, Oh my God,
is this, is this a song I need to hear? That's kind of like the funky little.
Yeah. So this is nothing like how it's, it's like jazzy persona five-y sort of like,
okay. I see what you mean. I see what you mean.
Yeah. No, it's amazing. It's absolutely amazing.
It's nowhere near the level of the gym battle song in the last game. That's,
that was, that was S tier music. That was S tier music for Pokemon was the gym.
No, it was. You're right. And this is like S plus. Um, and same with like,
I own those theme is really good too. I just like having many games with the same sort of,
with the exception of like, you know, the gym music from last gen, like very similar sounding
I don't know, everything in the game. It's just, it's really refreshing that they, they put like
a really good piece of music that kind of bucks the trend as something you're going to hear quite
often. And it's just, it's so good. It's going to make that thousand plus hours I'm going to spend
in each game. Like probably not as monotonous as it could have been.
Okay, but what song is better that song? Or I was waiting to see if you'd even let me say the
alternative before you just say that song. Okay, what song is better that song or close in the
distance from home as he for 14? They're not even like, you can't compare that. That's like
comparing. It's like comparing Del Taco to a flame and y'all. It's like, they're both really good in
their own ways. But like, you just can't because I don't always want a filet mignon. Sometimes I need
like a crunchy. Sometimes you want you sometimes you want a taco and crinkle fries. I understand.
Yeah, yeah, exactly. So I don't know this. Like, I didn't really expect previews to drop this week.
It looks amazing. Everybody that played it. I guess there were some like technical issues,
but it's a Pokemon game. What do you expect? But people just were like, genuinely happy. And
a lot of the things that they couldn't talk about made them very happy, which annoys the crap out of
me. But whatever. It's fine. I understand. I understand playing a game you really enjoy,
and you really want to talk about it, but you can't. I understand that very well this week.
Yes. But I was gonna say the icon on your Discord is Quaxley, one of the starter Pokemon,
but we still don't know what Quaxley's final form looks like. And how nervous are you on a scale
one to 10? 40 billion. Like, I don't want to get screwed over like I did with Popplio. And I just
feel like I'm going to. And I don't really have a true backup yet. Like, at least with Popplio,
Rowlet was great. Like, Decidueye is awesome. But I mean, from the leaked stuff that I won't
talk about, I don't really know what I'm gonna do. Okay. What's your dream? Like,
if you got to design Quaxley's third form, what would what would the dream evolution look like
for you? Um, I say punk rock doc duck. Dog. He just gets from duck to dog. It's clearly
going to be a fighting type humanoid duck. I mean, that's, that's obviously the perfect choice.
It would look like Donald Duck, but with a fatter ass. I have seen a lot of Howard,
the duck Howard, the duck is the No, because that scared me as a kid. I can't have that.
No, I I've seen a lot of fan art, like speculation on what it could be. And I've seen a lot of really
good matador designs. And I like that. I think if you're going to stick with like the Spain
influence, I think that would be really cool. Okay, I like that. That would be pretty cool.
So yeah. All right. A malador because mallard matador doing something like that,
or a pirate named like swash duckler. You just came up with that a malador like you
could literally work at Pokemon making Pokemon with talent like that. That's really good. I
like way better than the job I'm doing now. So I'm bored. I'll make pun names all day long.
Oh, that's so good. I can't wait for this and Silent Hill. Even if you crapped on it,
it still looks I didn't crap on it. We talked to actually pretty positively about it. What
do you what do you do? What are you lying about? I was in the bath. I don't know. I'm just gonna
say what I assume happened. You know what they say about people that assume
I'm about to set the record gay right now. Uh, Shane, is the new James hot or not?
Depends on the like scene now. Now who's backtracking now who's backtracking?
I never I never agreed with you fully. Like, I just said I showed you his Instagram. And I said
that sometimes he has wonky hair. And there's a couple times where his face is a little strange,
but sometimes it looks fine. So it's okay. And they still have time to fix it because we don't
have a release year even. So that's true. That's true, too. Yeah. And that and man,
this week was good for horror games and resonable for remake, which I've never played, but I somehow
pre ordered the collector's edition. I don't know what happened there. Um, it's it's very exciting,
like, three, four ish Silent Hills. Yeah. Dog. Oh, do you think it's a misdirect?
I hope it is. But also, I didn't even know that was a thing until I saw a clip about it. I was
like, I would have gone in ignorant and like, Oh, just part of the scenery. I didn't know that.
In the original one, he was somebody you could help. And so I better be able to help him or like
parry something with my gun. Like, I don't know, ever killed him.
Rocket. Oh, my God. Something just occurred to me. We talked about Silent Hill. And now we're
talking about this dog. What if in the movie, we find a random Shiba Inu running around?
That that would be the dog ending after credits. That would be the best post credit like like
Marvel could never with a post credit sequence that good.
I nominate my Shiba Inu puppy. Although there there is I did not watch the entire 90 minute
presentation. But apparently there was merchandising, merchandising. And apparently
there is a like dog ending like, like, whole setup you can actually buy. And so I was like,
Okay, that is pretty cute. Did you already pre order it?
No, no.
Because I need this.
Yes. Somebody find the link, please. And drop it.
I'll be honest, I did not see it up for pre order yet because I did go to their
site shortly after the transmission ended. And I saw, like the stuffed animal Shiba Inu.
And I did not see I think they said it was a coin bank. I did not see that.
As Joe and Matt says it isn't the discord somewhere. So yeah,
actually, since we brought up Silent Hill, let me ask you real quick about that. Because I know
you're you love Silent Hill. And you know, you brought a lot of those games to my attention, too.
Um, I'm curious your thoughts on Silent Hill F and the kind of very different direction they
appear to be going with that.
It's hard to say because they, I mean, all they did was show a little CG with no context,
except we do know it's it's set in Japan, and it's set in the 1960s. Yeah. So I mean,
they can literally do anything I was talking with one of my friends about this, who was like,
Oh, but it has to be in Silent Hill to be a Silent Hill. Like, four wasn't in Silent Hill
or was in Ashfield. Like, you just need somebody with a connection there. And who's to say there's
no connection, like somebody visited? Or I've seen people say like, the white Claudia flower comes
from this maybe. So there's like, a lot of different ways you could connect it and it's
still fine. I feel like it's gonna tie into the lore somehow, ultimately, but I like the look and
the aesthetic they're going for, even though yes, we didn't see one actual frame of game. So yeah,
and whatever the developer, the only frame of reference I have for them is Resident Evil
reverse. So I'm a little concerned. But then I mean, I could say the same for Bloomberg team,
or I could, I don't know the other two studio. Oh, wait, one's dead by daylight. And then the other
is, well, it's like four different studios behaviors, just one of them. So yeah, that's
true. But I really quickly want to say thank you as you 100 Matt actually dropped the link in chat
to the coin bank. So it's Silent Hill to Enu. And I guess is the official name of that ending coin
back bank statue. So but the price is TBD, it is going to come out 2023 in Japan, but it does say
other areas TBD. So they're planning to release at least in other areas. So that's pretty cool.
But yeah, it was tweeted out with most important Silent Hill announcement and, you know,
understandable relatable. That's just like the the pyramid. They showed at the beginning of
this merchandise thing is really amazing. But it's like, here's all the Japanese information.
It may come somewhere else. But maybe Oh, no, yet. I'm like, man, I would love that.
I need this. I know I kind of wanted to anyway, I'm Shane, we're about at the end of showtime. So
do you have any other final thoughts for us before we let you go? No. Okay, well, then,
bye. Bye. All right. Thank you, Shane, as always, for coming on the show. Let's wrap it all up here
tonight at Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you all, of course, for listening to our show. We appreciate
you. If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio help us spread the word because we
are the show where every gamer has a voice. But we need more voices to put out here on air. So tell
a friend or two about the show. We really appreciate that. Thank you to those of you that
do that on social media and so forth. Really appreciate that and appreciate you all for being
here, whether here is live on Sunday night or on the podcast feed. Let's go around and get
everybody's final thoughts and wrap it all up. So DarkSakura, I'll let you go first because I
know you're streaming some Debbie tonight. Don't forget the momathon on November 1st.
Help me help out my mom. Same name, DarkSakura underscore O-L-R. You're on Twitch. I really
appreciate any help you can help me with my mom. You're also very smart to do that on what is
payday for a lot of people. Well, I picked a day that I was off work. Fair enough. All right.
Later taters. Bye DarkSakura. Have a good one. All right. Loki, your final thoughts for us tonight.
Trees are hard to make. What's hard to make? Trees. Oh, trees are hard to make. You have
to wait a long time for them to grow. Especially cyber trees. They are very hard to design.
Uh, my final thought is, uh, next week is Halloween weekend. I hope you all have a fun
because let's be real. Halloween is on a Monday. So most of you are going to do your, you know,
spooky shit on a Saturday. So I hope you all have fun. I will be hosting a now sold out
performance of Rocky Horror Picture Show here in Sacramento. I'm very excited about it. Uh,
and I hope whatever you all are doing for your spooky Saturday day, I hope you all have fun.
Be safe. Uh, make good choices. If you make bad ones, at least know the risks.
Uh, that's it for us tonight here at Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you all so much for watching
the show. Um, have a great week and we will see you next time to talk about, uh, all the
late breaking news. Uh, I'm sure again, cause it's been a lot of that in October. It's been
late breaking news, October. So have a good one everybody. We'll see you in seven days.
Have a wonderful week. Good night.
