I hope you have broadband and aren't close to your download cap because you're going
to be downloading an entire quadruple layer Blu-ray XL disc's worth of content before
you can play Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2-2. Start the game a few hours before you want
to play or plan on doing something else while you wait. The amount of data on the physical
disc? 72 megs. Why even manufacture the disc?
This is the First World Gamers Only Update. Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts,
Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now in the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again with episode
number 935 of our program for tonight, October the 30th of 2022. My name is Rob Roberts and
I am joined every week here to talk about video games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle,
games and stuff with my co-host, sadly not joining us tonight, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers,
although I just saw her pop up into chat, but she's not joining us live tonight. You've
probably caught on the past couple of weeks. She's been dealing with some issues with her
voice. I'm not at liberty to say all the nuts and bolts of what's going on unless she wants to say
in chat, but I do know she is on doctor ordered rest. She'll be fine, but she's under doctor's
orders not to do too much talking. So doing a three hour podcast is a little bit much. However,
she will be joining us in a prerecorded Classic Game of the Week segment a little later in the
program. So in the meantime, though, of course, we are joined every week by Techmaster Loki. Hi,
Loki. Hey, how's it going? Good. How are you? Pretty good. Good. Of course, we do tape live
every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks network, twitch.tv slash vog network. Nine o'clock Eastern,
six o'clock Pacific right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. And you can join us live or you can
barge on in the room as it appears. DarkSakura's just done throwing throwing off my scenes a
little bit. Hi. I just wanted to come in long enough to say hi to everybody and say I'm still
alive. Good. Yeah. The tone would have been much different if you weren't I'm not sure there would
have been a show tonight. Happy Halloween. Hi. Happy Halloween. It's a it's a mess over here. I
have to paint a gravestone at some point. Spooky. So did you want to give a little more insight
what's going on? Yeah. So I went to ear nose and throat specialist and I got to see my larynx. I
took a picture of it. I've got inflammation on my larynx and there is the flap that's like right
above it in the neck has got some damage to it, something that can heal up. So on Wednesday, I
speak to a speech therapist to see if I'm fine to come off the voice rest or if they need me to
continue or do reduce talking. So like I haven't even been doing my Dead by Daylight streams. I've
just been playing RPGs because I don't have to talk. So I I've been gesturing a lot. But right
now, this is about as good as my voice has sounded in the last couple of weeks. If I keep talking,
it will, of course, vanish into the abyss. Well, obviously, you probably just need to keep resting
it and hopefully everything goes all right. And, you know, we look forward to hearing how your
recovery keeps going. Yeah. And I'm not on cam because I'm totally in my pajamas. It's totally
fine. All right. Well, thank you for hopping in and saying hello. We'll hear from you through the
magic of prerecorded bits a little later in the show. Hey, I put a lot of work into that, so
people better like it. All right. All right. All right. Where was I? Loki, yes. When I was
introducing you, I was going to say, because, again, we do tape live, we have the video and
sometimes you play things behind you on video. And I actually got really excited when I saw what
game you had going behind you tonight. But for the sake of the podcast listeners who can't see the
game or for those watching live who don't know what it is, can you tell us what you have playing
behind you and why? I have Sim Ant playing behind me. And the reason for that is because they don't
have an Ant-Man video game because a new trailer came out for Quantumania. So, OK, nice, nice. No,
I loved Sim Ant. That was one of my favorite games for sure. Yeah, it wasn't one that I played, but
my friends had it. So, OK, nice. I also want to just kind of give a weird like FYI. So like some
of my OBS settings got all messed up because I made a transition with my personal streams, which
share with the same account to do some Spotify stuff that doesn't get cease and desisted on my
personal streams. It's nothing here for using for Orange Islands right now. But my point is a lot of my
sound settings got screwed up and I had to redo everything. So please let me know if the sound
seems off to you and I will try my best to fix it. Like for me, I hear Loki quiet. But when I see the
little meters that I'm looking, he's like probably at a level that's almost above where I'm at. So
I'm assuming everything is fine. Yeah. OK, Bobby Blackwell, he would say something if it was off and
he says sounds fine for me. So I'm going with it. So it's just the wonders of having to change
things every now and then. That's for sure. So. All right, let's see, I guess we'll get right into
our kickoff topic for tonight. Loki, did you want to tell us about what's going on? And I got to
say, there isn't like for being Halloween week and everything. There is a lot of news this week, I
gotta say in the gaming world. So
we're in the middle of the fourth, well, almost the end of the fourth quarter, actually. So there's
not going to be a whole ton.
Well, but well, I mean, there's some big game releases still coming because
November
I keep all the secrets for one more month. So then we can release them all for the Game Wars
Game Wars. I'll say there's always, you know, big announcements Game Wars. There's still some big
game releases coming. You know, Pokemon Scarlet and Violet is a huge release that a lot of people
are looking forward to. God of War Ragnarok is on the horizon. Although apparently it leaked. So look
out internet for spoilers because they're out there. So that's on the horizon. And of course,
this week Bayonetta 3, a game that was in the news a lot the last couple weeks, maybe not for the
reasons it wanted to be. But, you know, I won't get into that now. But I know a lot of people are
looking forward to Bayonetta 3 and that's finally out, you know, so so we are getting into that
time of year where all the games are releasing. But because of that, we just don't have a lot of
news about what the future holds as far as you know, games go. There's a few things here and
there. But I just noticed generally when I was, you know, looking at the show world tonight, in a
way I was kind of like, you know what, if Dark Sakura has to miss a week, I don't know if we had
enough stories for all three of us. If she was here this week, I'd be we'd be really, really
pushing it. But if you all have any, you know, questions, comments, tonight is the night for
tangent trains. So by all means, shout them out in our Twitch channel over twitch.tv slash vog
network. So yeah, and I see Fanara is in chat as well. I'm glad to see you're doing better Fanara
who's also kind of resting up right now. Fifth Dream in chat says OMG, less than three weeks to
Pokemon SV. I'm gonna pee. Now the question is Fifth Dream. Are you getting Pokemon S or Pokemon
V? And of course, I mean, are you getting scarlet?
Are you going number one? Are you going number two?
Maybe that'll be Gen 10. Pokemon poo and Pokemon pee.
They can't say pee and poo. They'll have to like come up with names that are not quite that but you
know.
Fifth Dream says violet all the way. You're not really a Pokemon person though. Are you Loki?
Casual like the last one I played was let's play Pikachu and me is it was okay. I finished it. My
son played the last one. And we'll probably get this one too. I buy him a lot of like the switch
games. I got him hooked on Enter the Gungeon though. I'm a good father. So you know, I was
pleased to see him playing that. But yeah, it also picked up since it's not my game week, it's his
picked up the new Mario and Rabbids Sparks of Hope game. So he's been playing that too.
Nice. All right, cool. Cool. Let's see. Also looking in our chat room at some other comments
here. Mike Deaf says I still haven't decided what version to get. Yeah, I was asked about it this
weekend, which one I'm getting. And I'm like, I think I'm getting Scarlet because like 90% of
people I know are getting Violet because of the hot professor. And I do appreciate a hot professor,
but I also appreciate having the version that has the exclusives everyone else wants. So I can be
popular. So I might get Pokemon Scarlet just for that reason. And actually I like the ghost dog.
I like the prehistoric professor too, to be honest. So no, I don't know who it is when you
say ghost dog. We still don't know the final Evos of the base Pokemon in the game. There's still a
lot to look forward to. Let's see. Jaskren in chat in response to the question which Pokemon version
are you getting says Pokemon gun. Remember those memes when we had Pokemon sword and shield and we
never got Pokemon gun? Where where that's a great goal. Where is Pokemon gun? It's just there. It's
not going to be Pokemon gun. It'll be Pokemon trebuchet. And it's just not out yet. They have
to do that. Let's see. I also E3VL in chat says I wish they stuck with one version like Arceus.
And I honestly, truth, I'm almost more excited about a sequel for that game. Well,
let's let's have an honest moment. I need to go back and beat that game. I was really into it.
And then the moving happened. You might remember that was right around the time of the year I moved
and I completely derailed from all of that. Okay, so I need to go back and finish Arceus at some
point. Um, I was hoping there would be some DLC or something that would motivate that but nope,
we never did get that. So I'm almost more excited about a sequel to that game than anything else.
Um, Mike Defton chat says we were just used to double dipping by by now with
Nintendo. It's just an acceptable thing that we allow. Mike Defton chat says we
already had our chance of Pokemon gun with fifth gen being based on the United States.
Oh, flow blow, but he can make that joke. He's in Mexico. I know that so he can make fun of us for
sure. And well, we never said it had to be Pokemon handgun. It could be Pokemon potato gun. You know,
there's a lot of different types of guns. So it could be Pokemon blow gun. Water got water pistol
emoji could be a lot of things. So Bobby Blackwolf chat says I'm sadly not interested in Scarlet
Violet. I did get sword and finished it. That's interesting to me, Bobby, because
I the amount that I loved sword and shield will shield specifically, and finish that
is like part of my big motivator why I'm so in on Scarlet and violet. And I can tell you how this is
different. So we all know my friend Shane, who frequently guests on this show and what a Pokemon
maniac he is right. You all know this, right? Here's the thing. Usually, for most Pokemon games,
Shane is having to say, Are you gonna get it? Are you gonna get it to be so cool? You got to get it
which version are you gonna get? Well, you should get this one because I'm getting this one. We can
trade to do that. Like usually he's having to do all that with the releases. I'm like, Alright,
fine. Yes. Yes. I'll get the Pokemon game. Yes. This time, he kind of started that same thing.
Like, hey, are you gonna get Pokemon Gen nine? I'm like, Yeah, I'm definitely getting it. I
definitely want to get Pokemon Scarlet. And I definitely want to play the game to completion.
And he's just kind of like, Oh, great. Yeah, cool. It's kind of like, wait, wait, you mean,
I don't need to convince you this time? It's like, no, I actually enjoyed the last gen of
Pokemon that all of the longtime fans seem to hate. I enjoyed it so much that I don't need
convincing to get the next gen. I want it because it's it's apparently more of the same formula.
So that's that. Bobby Blackwolf says I've already played a Pokemon on Switch. So not really looking
for more of the same. Oh, but have you played Pokemon on Switch? Oh, led. Well, so I just need
what I need to do is I clearly not need to just send Shane Bobby Blackwolf phone number. That's
what I need to do. All right. Anyway, all right. We got derailed from the kickoff topic gaming
lobbyists. Like I said, tonight's the night to get derailed. So let's get into the real kickoff
topic tonight. Loki, you want to take this on? It's about prices, right? The price is right. The
price is wrong. It's it's about just kind of the inevitability at some point. And it's not even
necessarily a confirmation of prices going up. But basically, you know, with Sony raising the price
of I don't know if they necessarily they had to raise the price of their games. But they did,
because they they say it warranted $70, whatever. And of course, with like, say, the meta quest,
you know, to going up in price and stuff like that, stuff obviously is getting more expensive.
And according to Microsoft, you know, they spoke to was it Phil Spencer, who had said, you know,
we've held price on our console, we've held price on games and our subscriptions. I don't think
we'll be able to do that forever. I do think at some point, we'll have to raise some prices on
certain things, obviously, probably the subscriptions. But, I mean, it's not going to
happen this holiday, he says, obviously, I mean, obviously, and we're already in the holiday.
Makes perfect sense. So maybe next year, the prices will go up slightly. I mean, honestly,
if you think about it, though, like, when's the last time that they raised the cost of Game Pass
or Xbox Live or something like that? It's been a few years. And when you have like streaming
services, like, you know, Netflix, Hulu, Disney Plus, and stuff like that, I think raising the
prices, you know, at least once a year, I'm not surprised that this is going up. And it may even
be like a marginal thing. Will they raise the price of their games? Maybe if the market demand,
like if they're able to do that, like, I don't think a lot of game companies are doing it.
It's basically Activision. I don't know if EA is selling their games for $70. I hope not,
because it's not worth it. And Sony. I mean, those are the three that I can think of that are
selling their games for $70. And sometimes I think that's warranted. Like, I was some of the,
you know, first party Sony games, I could see how they could get away with that. Call of Duty
Modern Warfare 2, probably not. They're probably not worth $70. I don't see the value there.
But I guess we'll have to see. Definitely not Madden, but Madden was sold, I think,
for $70. That's certainly not worth it. So it's just a matter of what the consumers will pay for.
I mean, and I get it that they're saying that things are getting more expensive,
but I don't buy that. Like, I get it that you can charge more upfront for it, but you're also,
you know, charging on the back end with all these game passes and season passes and DLC and all
this stuff that's shoved in there. And a lot of times game mechanics built around just all
of this stuff in the first place. So even though, like, people like to make the stupid argument and
the wrong argument that, oh, games have never been cheaper. That's not true, because when I
was buying a game back in 2005 for the Xbox 360, they didn't really have a ton of DLC or anything
like that available at the time. And certainly no game passes. So when you're getting a $60 game,
it was pretty much complete. You would have some bug fixes every now and then, but it certainly
wouldn't be this game comes out. Oh, hey, it's half finished. Let's have a roadmap of how we're
going to complete our game. It's like, well, you know, perhaps you should have finished it before
you sold it. I mean, that's how it used to be. So yes, things will probably get more expensive. But
at the same time, you know what, though, like one thing we are hearing from just the general public
is, yeah, everything's getting more expensive, but you know what's not going up my salary.
And so you can charge more for those games, but less people are going to buy it. And eventually,
what you're going to get is you're going to get it's going to move towards piracy is going to be
what's going to happen with all these different streaming services splitting off with their own
content. All these game companies, you know, charging more for their games when their games
come out and they're unfinished and just buggy as hell or just a mess. Yeah, people are going
to lose trust in you and they're just going to move to piracy. But I mean, do whatever you think
is good for your company. It just doesn't necessarily mean everybody's going to follow suit
with that. Well, and with multiplayer games being as popular as they are, that's going to be a very
hard thing to pirate. I mean, they always have been because the minute those things talk to the
servers, they're going to be able to suss out if it's a pirate version or not. So you know, which
is also why a lot of single player games were having multiplayer elements for some time and
still continue to. So by the way, I just want to point out Bobby Blackwell researched your EA
question and points out that FIFA 23 is $70 on Steam. I can guarantee that's not worth it. Not
worth it on Steam on Steam. Come on. Like, console, you might be able to get away with that on PC.
Are you serious? Like, I don't. Please don't buy the game for $70. It is not worth $70.
I guarantee you it's mostly recycled from last year. I, again, I'm sympathetic to the game.
I mean, like, I'm not saying I love the idea of the games going up to $70. But like, I understand
it, especially as we're sitting here going, you know, we just had a big debate on the show a
couple weeks ago and across the entire internet about our voice actors being paid enough, right?
We just went through that whole thing. And I realized that voice actors, you know, need to
make more money. And that money's got to come from somewhere. And I realized the people working and
making the games should have a good quality life. And that money's got to come from somewhere.
However, and I want to make this clear, I think the executive salaries are where a good chunk of
that ought to come from. I know it won't because that's just the way society works.
And I would totally make that argument for like, a lot of other games, maybe Sony might be a good
argument for that $70. And you know, whereas a lot of other games are really well polished when they
come out. And God of War Ragnarok is excellent game is going to be it's going to be hard to
argue that God of War Ragnarok is not worth $70. Like apparently, it's 50 solid hours of gameplay.
It's not a game that's going to be loaded up with, you know, cosmetic packs and all this BS. Like
God of War Ragnarok, I think is a good example of a game that can get away with charging $70. And
it's hard to complain about it. Yeah. Whereas EA is recycling the game that they had from last year,
adding minimal features to it and making billions of dollars off of micro transactions from their
FIFA Ultimate Team series. So don't give me Oh, they're there. I'm sure that all those people
that work for EA are probably starving and stuff like that, because they're not being paid enough.
But it's not because they don't have the money to do it. They have so much money that they don't
even know what to do with yet it can't. No amount of money they seem to throw at their game can't
make it good. So I don't know what the problem is there. They just probably don't care. Because
even if they just turn out the same crap as last year, they'll still make billions of dollars. So
the the the community has spoken, we will buy whatever crap you put out,
no matter for how much you charge for it. And we'll pay even more money on the back end,
because we got to have our FIFA Ultimate Team. We're, you know, I, we keep having this discussion
about the $70 game, the $70 game. And I think the reality is, there are so many ways to price a game
now in 2022. That like, I think the $70 game is sort of like, it's just this weird, like,
it's an option. But it's not like where all of the games are going. For example, Overwatch 2,
25 million people are playing Overwatch 2, that is technically a free game. But we all know it's
free with a giant asterisk if you want to get any of the cool stuff. Same thing with something like
Fortnite, which is one of the biggest games in the galaxy right now. Free with an asterisk. Pokemon Go
free with an asterisk. Like that's another way to price games. You can do monthly subscription.
It doesn't work for a lot of games, but Final Fantasy XIV and World of Warcraft, say hello.
You can do, you know, the monthly subscription type of model. You can do a cheap, you can do a
hybrid. You can do a cheap as fuck base game that is then loaded with, you know, um, maybe not like
a ton, like, like just a lot of add-ons. Dead by Daylight is a great example of that. $20 game,
loaded with add-ons that are, that it's hard to say aren't, you know, that don't bring value.
They do, but there's, you know, just a lot. Fifth Dream in chat says, why food games are
technically free, but cost deliver in your soul to play as well. I believe you're talking about
Genshin Impact, which is free with an asterisk. So again, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just pointing out
$70 is like, we keep saying the, the industry says the industry is not all on a $70 game.
The reality is there are all sorts of pricing now in the industry and you have to decide,
is it worth it or is it not? How bad do you want to play the game?
That's my point is they make the, the argument that they're making that they say they justify
$70 is the quality of the game. So I better see the quality of that game when you're charging $70
for it. And the problem is it, the quality doesn't, it's not an upgrade from a $60 game.
The same with FIFA. Like when it was a $50 game and went to a $60 game,
it didn't increase in quality. It's the same stuff they've been pulling for years,
and it's just ridiculous. Sony can charge $70 for a game and it's easier to digest because
their quality is there. If you can see the quality in their work.
Quite honestly, if Final Fantasy 16 were $99 and 99 cents, I would probably still be buying it.
Well, I mean, that's fine, whatever you find value in, you know, with that. But I,
I think it's ridiculous, but you know, to that point though, you know, we look at the cost of
games, but that's not how necessarily we are digesting these games as well. So like, for
example, there's X-Box game pass. So, you know, that they're seeing right now is accounting for
15% of Microsoft's gaming revenue as of right now. I'm kind of surprised it's that low to be honest,
but then I think about the globe. I think about the globe and I wonder, is that 15% globally or
15% in the US? Because I bet it would be higher if you were to look at the US only, but if it's
globally, I sort of understand why there's a lot of countries around the world that probably are
still on physical media and not ready to have the network infrastructure to download a ton, a ton of
games through something like game pass. So that's kind of where the 15% makes more sense to me is on
a global level. And they're saying that it's not necessarily expected to increase either. They're
saying, I don't think it's going to get bigger than that. I think the overall revenue grows. So
15% of a bigger number, but we don't have this future where I think 50 to 70% of our revenue
comes from subscriptions. That's interesting. Well, maybe in a future where games are 70 and
$80, that might be a better deal because we don't have rental services anymore.
I haven't paid full price for a Microsoft game in five years because I've been on game pass
and I don't have to. But since we've been talking about price increase, price increase,
we talk about subscription prices going up and game pass is highly likely to go up.
Just a word of advice. Again, everybody's financial situation is different. So not everybody
may be in a position where they can do this, but I would just kind of plant the seed of,
if you can do this, I would highly advise you with Black Friday on the horizon.
We know we're going to see some deep discounts. We almost always around this time of year around
the holiday, see some type of discount on PlayStation network, as well as Xbox game pass.
If you can, I would load up on a year or even two, whatever you can afford and kind of like
lock in your rate because it's inevitable that those are going to go up and you'll probably
be able to get a lower rate because of Black Friday sales. There might be limitations and
weird things like that, but I would, and again, I'm talking about you dropping a couple hundred
dollars at once, which is certainly not feasible for everyone. If your situation calls for it
though, and you sort of know like I'm in it for the long haul with game pass, that's me.
I'm in it for the long haul with game pass. I know I will be on game pass for a very long time.
So I'm going to be looking around to probably load up on two or three years of game pass.
And I know a lot of you out there loaded up a lot of game pass. Bobby Black Wolf confirms
you can only front load up to three years of game pass, but you still can. And I think the
clock is running out for many of you that got that three years right out the gate. I think what 2023,
maybe 2024 for some of you, but I think 2023 is about where that clock is going to end for
many of you. Um, so you might want to load up on another three years. It just, it just, I mean,
again, it depends on your situation. Um, but I would just think about that as an option.
If you are a heavy game pass user or PlayStation network, to be quite honest,
I'm sure those prices will go up as well eventually. Maybe not as fast, but eventually
just something to think about. All right. Uh, let's take a moment to talk a little bit about
our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week on
X-Box or otherwise. So, uh, dark soccer is not joining us tonight. Uh, but I will start with
Loki then play Minecraft. It's I know shocking, shocking. Um, we live stream last night too.
I forgot to post up about that. I was in, um, I was just saying, I didn't see that.
It wasn't me streaming, but it was, it was a server made this streaming.
I was participating with that. Um, but yeah, I did a, a rather, it's a semi-large build
that will be in a next episode here. Hopefully very soon. Um, I was trying to get back down
the weekly. It's been two weeks already, but we're not going to make it four weeks. So
we'll get there. It's just, I have the, some editing stuff I got to do.
We said it's another big build like your, um, Mega Man.
Not that big. No, not as big as the octopus. That that that's ridiculous. No,
regular, regular large bills. Okay. Ridiculous. Like 200,000 partially ridiculous.
No, it looks nice. It's really cool. It's the centerpiece of one of the,
the robot masters areas. So it's, um, pretty cool looking. And it actually is from
Mega Man as well. It's from a game I haven't played. Um, it's a Mega Man zero two, but
it's a, it's a giant tree. All right. But yeah, that's, that's pretty much it.
Uh, let's see my gaming week. Um, yeah, I was a little busy with like show hosting this weekend
and stuff. So, um, I haven't had as much time for games. So I have been playing dead by daylight.
I streamed a little bit about that the other night, um, because they are doing a big, uh,
blood point push in the game right now. So just, you know, uh, I've been working on
prestiging more survivors. So I prestiged both Kate and somebody else this last week. Was it
Nia? No, I think it was somebody else, but yeah, I prestiged two more survivors this last week.
Uh, Oh, Elodie, I think was one of them that I prestiged. So, um, I'm, I'm just working on trying
to prestige all the survivors. Uh, maybe I'll play killer at some point, but the game has been in
this weird place where the survivors have been getting all the bonuses now in the shorter queue
times. Whereas six months ago, it was, uh, very different. So, uh, I've been working on that,
uh, still playing Final Fantasy 14. I still am obsessed with the farming sim mode in that game,
the island sanctuary. I now have earned every single cosmetic that you can get right now in
the island sanctuary. And so what I'm doing, I am just stockpiling the currency to just instantly
buy whatever's next. When they put out the new content, I'm hoping they don't outsmart me and
make it a different currency. I'm really frightened. They're going to do that so that I save up like
200,000 of the island calories and then I can't even use them or I can always buy materia or
something with them, but we'll see. So that's going on. Um, SSG100 Matt in chat says gaming
week Overwatch 2 with a new Junkenstein event going on. I actually did check that out as well.
I, I haven't played a lot of Overwatch 2, but I did the new Junkenstein event just once just to,
you know, say that I did it and pick up the easy cosmetics and whatever battle pass points,
whatever you, I'm thinking my battle pass like level 11. I've barely played any Overwatch, but
I've done, I've done a little bit. Yeah. I also noticed, uh, that the skill like it,
this one is harder than the last one was, uh, the, the original event that's, you know,
several years old at this point, you can still play the original if you want to,
that's still in the game. But yeah, the new one was harder because you had to, you know,
go exploring and it's not always obvious where you need to go is, is a little more challenging. So,
um, I've also been playing that. Um, but otherwise I didn't really dabble in anything new this week,
to be honest. Um, just kind of the old reliables, uh, until, uh, probably, probably it'll stay that
way until maybe Pokemon Scarlet and violet. I do kind of want to pick up bandana three. I just,
I don't know if I have the time, but my, my hosting and weekend stuff clears up significantly next
month. So, um, I'll have a little more time for games at that point. Um, I, we're not going to be
here on OLR. At least I won't be, I, I don't know if Loki at our cyber want to do something, but I
won't be here in two weeks, uh, veterans day weekend because I'll be out on vacation and kind
of like after that point, I get freed up a lot. So, um, I'll have more time to sink into catching
up on backlog games and the games that come out, uh, this, this, uh, over the next, uh, few weeks.
And so the holiday releases, uh, quest buster and chat says, I'm having a lot of fun with bandana
three. Uh, me, she says, I'm hoping to get two copies of bandana three for shits and giggles,
digital and physical, uh, Jaskren and chat says gaming week, mass effect. One first time play
through all on the steam deck. Uh, yeah, that's cool. I'm assuming that's like the legendary
edition. Maybe that's neat. Uh, Bobby Blackwell says I'm considering getting bandana three
because I was told you don't really have to have played two to understand it. I played one when it
originally came out, but it's been a while. I am also under that understanding that number three,
you don't need to know the first two games that well to understand. So you don't, you don't need
a deep understanding of those. So that's pretty cool. So we'll see. Oh yeah. No man's sky. I have
been dabbling in that game a little bit as well. I see you all know that I play that game way too
much, but it's, I love the new relaxed modes. I really do. So good times. All right. Let's get
into some more gaming news and what's going on throughout the industry. What little there is a
lot of updates on other stories, but, uh, Loki, what do you have for us? It's hard to keep track
of all these different lawsuits, but this is going hearkening back to the first lawsuit for
Activision Blizzard regarding the poor treatment of their employees. Um, so this is from the
California civil rights department, which was previously known as the California department
of fair employment and housing. Um, so they're basically, uh, Activision is trying to get the
case thrown out again, basically saying that because of these, the cases, because of this
case, they have suffered, um, bad PR, I guess it is, it is, um, is tarnished their reputation,
uh, of a company that's about to get acquired. I'm sorry that your reputation is tarnished because
people found out that you harassed your employees. Oh, I'm sorry. Um, but that's what they're trying
to make the argument. I don't think, Oh, obviously it's, it's not succeeding, but yep. So Activision
was like the truth hurts. And for that reason, we shouldn't be sued. Uh, but yeah, so the case
is still moving ahead. It is supposed to take place, um, into 2023, I think at some point.
All right. That's going to be interesting to see how that's timed with the merger. If the merger
is allowed to go through, a lot of people think that Europe is going to shut down that merger and
it may not actually happen. That could be very interesting. So be interesting. I would, I would
be curious if Microsoft might try to buy a part of Activision Blizzard, if that gets stopped,
like Microsoft's like, we'll just take Blizzard. Thanks. Right. It's kind of weird though. Like I
especially find it funny when we hear about Sony making the argument that, Oh, they'll have an
unfair advantage with exclusives. It's like, dude, you do the same thing. Shut the hell up.
Like, can you, this is literally your game plan. Well, they're doing it too. Now it's not fair.
We want to do it first. I don't know. Corporations got to hate him.
All right. Uh, well earlier in the show I had brought up Genshin impact. Um, this is,
I tried Genshin impact. I gotta be honest. I couldn't get into it,
but I know a lot of people love this game. They love Genshin impact and they play the
shit out of this game. Uh, unfortunately Genshin impact has had a bit of a data breach,
uh, that has happened. Um, and so, uh, people's, uh, information could be at risk. So I hope you
all are changing your passwords. That's for sure. Uh, let's see. I want to mention, uh,
what is happening here. Unfortunately, the first thing I tried to go to the site wouldn't work.
So I'm trying to quickly get into an alternate site that talks about what's happening here.
Um, all right. Sorry. All earlier this week, uh, Genshin impact, uh, HoYo verse had a data breach
and big batches of information were shared online to talk about the details of new characters,
quests, and events from 3.3 until 3.8. Uh, there were DMCA strike to poach that came out of the
data breach. Uh, so, uh, you know, you never know what's going to change there. Uh, although, uh,
one of the leakers on Twitter had a change of heart saying after further consideration with
friends, I decided to remove all my tweets from today just to be safe to make it clear.
I do not condone what other methods in which the data was obtained and I was not involved in
obtaining nor distributing the original data. Um, uh, apparently, uh, 36 weeks of content,
uh, that is coming out for the game. We're all impacted by the breach and this information.
Um, so to correct something I said a moment ago, I apologize, but no, uh, usernames and passwords
have been put at risk yet, but I would say the logic says if they got in there and looked at
some of this stuff, they probably got access to other stuff too. That's just not being acknowledged
yet. So I would say, you know what, change your passwords anyway. I had a good habit.
It's a good thing to do. And then quest buster says that, uh, it was, uh, some QA and employee
info that was included in that as well. What was taken out from that. So, um, Bobby Blackwolf does
say I never gave a username and password to them. It was attached to my PSN account. So hopefully
for most people that did a type of link thing, it would be okay, but I'm sure there are people that
have an account directly through the company as well. Um, possibly playing on PC or something. So
it would be good to stay on top of that information. Uh, it is interesting though
that most like web browsers and stuff will now tell you if a password was in a data leak. Have
you, have you seen this? And like, I don't, I think Chrome does it. And I think, uh, some of
the others do too, maybe edge, but like when you try to use a password on a website, if it's
something that was in a data breach, it actually pops up and says this password was found in a data
breach. You shouldn't use it. So it's interesting that it compares all that right out the gate.
Try it, try it next time you sign up for a website, just put your password in as password,
don't save it, but just put, put in something silly, uh, and, and see how the alert comes up.
Bobby Blackwolf says Firefox does it too. I think that's very interesting how, um, they will help
people, uh, not pick, uh, bad passwords in that regard. So remember use, use mixed words,
mixed case, mixed letters, jumbles, punctuation numbers, uh, all that goes a long way. Don't use
the name of pets, or if you are going to use the name of the pet, combine it with other things that
don't make sense. Do your favorite pet, favorite food, you know, favorite cousin with, uh, some
random capitalization and some numbers of significance to you. Uh, or Jaskren in chat
says use a password manager. Absolutely. Uh, then you only have to remember one password,
which is still sometimes a challenge for me. That's for sure. The password managers, man,
they're, they're sure helping us. Every website now is like, you have to have a minimum of eight
characters to this website. For this website, you have to have a minimum of eight, but no more than
20, but you have to have at least one that's a punctuation and you can use numbers, but you can't
use the number three. It's like every website has their own wild rules to them. So, uh, yeah,
password managers are great. That's for sure. All right, moving on. Uh, this is very interesting
about where the industry is headed, right? Um, yeah, well, it it's, I don't know if it's
unexpected because we've seen this before with different games having partial or parts of their
game that, well, it's kind of actually the opposite. So you may remember a while back,
we had the whole issue where DLC was on the disc and people were upset about that. Well, what if
the DLC isn't on the disc and the game isn't on the disc as well? The disc is just, I guess the
memento, a memento with a key to go download the game. Um, but yes. Yes. Um, so modern warfare two,
uh, the Blu-ray disc that they have contained 72 megs of data. That's like enough to fit on AC
ROM. Um, not even on a Blu-ray. I don't know why they pressed it onto a Blu-ray disc, but they did.
And it allows it's basically forcing players to connect to the internet and download a hundred
plus gigabytes of data. So that's great. So like, even though you didn't want to buy the
game digitally because, Hey, I have bandwidth caps and I can't really do that. Activision says,
you know what? We don't care what you like. You paid $70 for a game. So you get to pay
those overdraft fees or whatever for going over your bandwidth caps. It's it's the Activision gift
that keeps on giving. And so you're going to have to download all of that data for the game. Um,
I guess to protect from spoilers or something. Well, I mean the God award team like literally
tweeted earlier. So what are the reps literally tweeted earlier today? I kind of wish we'd gone
this route because now a retailer leaked their game two weeks early and all of the spoilers
are out there now. That's a problem though. And I could definitely speak to this. Uh,
that's a problem because you ship your stuff too early to mass market retailers
is the problem. And, and the, all the time people always are going to get accused like
the small mom and pop shops of breaking street dates to, um, get a competitive advantage over
their competitors. And they do. But the thing is though, is those mom and pop stores aren't buying
direct from Activision. They are buying from a distributor who doesn't even get the copies of
the game until like the week of, and barely gets them to them by street date. So it's leaking two
weeks early. It's because the dumb assholes at Activision decided to ship the game that early.
So you have yourself to blame, or in this case it would be Sony. You have yourself to blame
for shipping it that early. That's your own damn fault. Sorry, but it is if you didn't send out
the door, can't get leaked. Um, but in this case, so this is absolutely stupid. Once again, $70 game
and you're making me download the whole game. Why, why even make a physical version of it?
What is the point? This sucks for game preservation as well, because
when Activision inevitably takes down the server, how am I going to get my game? You know, like it
in the future, it's just awful. Um, Bobby, Bobby lack of in chat does have a good point about the,
because you had said, you know, why even bother with a Blu-ray when it's the size can fit on a
CD. Uh, they press it that way because Xbox and PS five can't play games off a DVD or CD,
which makes sense. I mean, they might be able to read them to play the music or the movie,
but they're not trained to boot games off of them. I get that. I mean, basically,
but why, like, I would just put card in the box at this point. Like what's the point? Like, I mean,
seriously that like, what's the point anyways, for this, I guess. So I don't even know.
It's just dumb. Yeah. I, I, I, you know, with a game like call of duty specifically,
I know that a big chunk of that is multiplayer and you're going to have to be online for
multiplayer anyway. So I'm kind of like, I'm not, I'm not like surprised that like, you have to be
online to download all the patches and all the things like that. And that, you know, you're not
going to get a lot of play off the disc. Although I know, yes, there is a single player campaign to
as well. I know, but I know a lot of people play a multiplayer, but I also, you know, I'm also
spoiled now with lack of bandwidth caps. And that's something that was strongly something
that affected me, you know, six months ago. And this would tick me off because a big reason why
I would buy things physically was because I don't want to download like 80 gigabytes. And that's
what pissed me off about legendary edition. Or just like even, even just think about your
customer. I mean, obviously they're not thinking about the customer. They could, they see them as a
wallet, so it doesn't matter. They don't think of them as people, but like, aside from that,
so not only am I going to now have to like, say I bought this day one or whatever, midnight launch
or whatever, even if they do that anymore, I'm going to go home and I can't play the game because
I have to download 100 gigabytes for this. And, and the latest patch that they have, it's reported,
it's over 150 gigabytes large when you include the campaign and multiplayer. So not only am I
going to download the game, but then if it patches again, I'm gonna have to download another hundred,
some gigs. Do they not know the reality that we live in? People have bandwidth caps. It's,
we don't live in a gigabit world where everybody has lightning fast, you know, fiber internet and
can just download whatever because they have unlimited data caps. If we lived in that world,
this would be no problem whatsoever, but we don't live in that world. And it doesn't work. What
about here's a weird idea. What about somebody that doesn't have a great internet connection?
So they're downloading it two megabits per second, or they're downloading it at, you know,
DSL speeds or something like that. Well, I hope you can, I guess I'll play it next weekend when
it's done downloading. I mean, like a lot of military guys and gals like to play this game.
And, uh, the internet connection is usually pretty shitty, uh, overseas. So.
It is just such, it's so cell science. Like what, what costs can we cut so that we make more money?
So the shareholders make more money is all that they, that's all they look at. They don't care
about the quality of the game. It's just about how much money we can make. Um, Bobby was some
more points in our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network. And, you know, I do see this side
of this, um, saying the disc is the key to unlock the game as well. It needs to be in the console.
You can still resell the disc and you won't be able to play it without the disc. This means the
resale market is still available for this game and the code, et cetera. It doesn't work that way. It
does. And I will say to that, you know, comments credit, it does put aside one of my big problems
with, you know, buying digital versus buying physical is that when you buy a game digital,
you can't resell it. It has no equity. It doesn't have any type of collectible value,
essentially, unless you're into digital collectibles, which, you know, um, I would
say the mass market, when you look at things like NFTs is rejecting, um, you know, digital
collectibles. So we've seen many stories about how, uh, the game industry specifically, they've
been trying to make NFTs the next big thing and the, the, the gamers are rejecting it, which I
appreciate and so forth. But my point is, is that, you know, because I like having those
physical collectibles, at least as much as this method sucks, it does still play into the old
system of the disc is the game and you can resell that and it has value, blah, blah, blah, blah,
you know? So that part of it I get, but if I had a bandwidth cap, I'd be pissed.
Yeah, but it's not $70 anymore because now you're caught, you're charging me the electricity to
download the thing. You're charging me the bandwidth I have, so possibly exceeding it.
You are costing me more time because I anticipated to be able to play this after,
you know, obviously downloading an update patch, which is fine. You know, it's acceptable at this
point. So it's, it's a lot more than $70 at this point. And then they're probably going to shove
microtransactions and DLC and battle passes and all that other crap down your throat.
So like, I don't feel bad when they say, Oh, we're charging $70 for our game and people don't want
to buy it. I mean, people are still going to buy it because there are people that will just buy
Call of Duty every year. It doesn't matter what they put out. But whatever. I mean, it's
people, what I think it's upsetting about this is that people probably who are buying this don't
know this until they've already bought it. It's not like something that they disclose like, Hey,
you're gonna have to download. Well, it may be in tiny ass fucking print on the back of the box.
requires internet, will you and that requires internet connection to download full game or
something like that. It'll be in tiny ass fucking print on the back of the box.
I think they should at least put like the campaign on there or something like that.
They've done that in the past where the multiplayer is, you know,
later on, because the servers will come online later or something like that you download it
later. And I think that's somewhat acceptable, because then at least I'm not having to spend
as much of my data as I would if I was to buy digitally. But once again, it's like,
why buy it physically? And then I get it. Yeah, you can resell it later on. But do really people
hassle with that. I don't know if a lot of people do anymore. Like, it's trading is not worth it.
And to sell it online. Sure, you can do it. But is a hassle. So I don't know. I don't think I don't
know if the use market is really what it used to be. But well, Activision sucks. What are you
gonna do? Bobby says the PS five version has requires content download in small print on the
bottom of the front of the box. So it's there, but it's, it's easily missable. Yeah, but most
people don't mean that it's like, like content download, you may think, oh, that that means a
part of the game. It doesn't mean the whole game. Like, I don't know. It's not. It's not
specifically say, you will have to download this whole game. Like, and that's, I don't know,
whatever. Who cares? I'm not the target demographic for this at the moment. So it's fine.
All right. Well, let's move on and talk about orange right in chat says it should be as obvious
as those switch games that don't even have the game card in it. Well, speaking of the switch,
you can now use those controllers on various Apple devices. There was an update that will now use
allow the Apple devices to use the classic controllers from the Nintendo switch.
So you can use the N 64 classic controller, you can use that Sega Mega Drive Genesis classic
controller, you can use the Super Nintendo classic controller, the NES classic controller,
and you can use them with any device that runs either Mac OS 13, iOS 16, TV OS 16. So you know,
pretty much, you know, any Apple device in the last couple years, the joy cons and switch pro
controller that was already there. This is something for those, you know, special unique
controllers, but also pretty cool. Like, you know, I know people have, you know, snuck in some
emulation sometimes onto the Apple system. So those controllers can come in handy if you're
managed to grab some of those things before they got pulled. Or, you know, even with retro inspired
games, having these classic controllers can be a lot of fun, that's for sure. Also worth pointing
out, you can also if you don't, if you don't want to use Nintendo controllers, you can still use
Xbox series controllers, the dual sense, you can use a dual shock, you can go back and use an Xbox
one controller. There are a lot of other devices that will work with the Apple devices. But
interestingly enough, still no official Apple joystick. They tout a lot of compatibility with
third party devices, but never an official one, which is just interesting. Unless I guess you
count maybe the remote for the TV, but I don't really count that. Just it's always interesting
to me how for whatever reason, they haven't really looked behind that rock. I'm just surprised
because it would be very easy to make a shell that the phone could snap into and it would be a lot
like a switch. But maybe because there's varying sizes of phones, I don't know. But I would think
you could have a stretchy thing. But I guess it's whatever they don't want to do it. So
but a lot of people own a Nintendo switch or one of those many other devices I just named that it
also works with. So that is something you can do. Bobby Blackwell also points out anything's
possible with 3d printers. It's true. It's true. All right. Let's move on. We have some more
stories. Let's get to Loki. Yeah, so there's this game called the stores closed, which is an SCP
infinite store survival game. So basically, it's this big procedurally generated
furniture store. The problem is that the outside of the store has yellow lettering against a solid
blue store. And so IKEA believes it looks like it looks too much like IKEA. And clearly, I mean,
I think it's supposed to be slightly inspired by IKEA, but it's not supposed to be IKEA.
It's more of like kind of the joke where you can wander through IKEA and kind of get lost a little
bit, because they're really big and winding stores. True. So I think that's where they've
kind of taken the inspiration from it. But the game itself looks pretty cool. You actually are
like trapped inside the store and you have to avoid the staff who turn into giant monsters at
night. And then you build of bases or forts out of the furniture. Which I love that. It's like
it's got like, yeah, you forever end up having to live in a 310 square foot space, like the
models in IKEA, you know, show you how here's how to live within 400 square feet or whatever,
you know, you know, yeah, it's like that. But so yeah, they're basically there's a lawyer from
IKEA had contacted them saying that they need to stop infringing on IKEA stores. They said that
our client has learned that you're developing a video game the store is closed, which uses
without our clients authorization indica associated with the famous IKEA stores.
So blue and yellow, I guess the blue the game uses a blue and yellow sign with a
Scandinavian name on the outside or on the store on a blue box like building yellow vertical
stripes shirts identical to those worn by IKEA personnel. A great path on the floor furniture
looks like IKEA furniture into which is funny though because the developers like I just bought
a I just bought a cheap furniture pack on like the unity assets store for this. This is all
foregoing or they're basically saying all foregoing immediate suggests that the game
takes place in an IKEA store. Like unfortunately, he's probably gonna have to change the way like
the outside of the store looks which is weird because you don't ever see it. It's only in the
menu like the start menu. But I mean, obviously, he's not gonna fight it. You know, $25 billion.
Yeah, I but I think IKEA is doing a pretty shitty thing here. You know, I also, you know,
somebody I already know somebody's type in the comment, they have to chase their trademarks,
or they they might. He's not calling it. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm with pod culture. It doesn't just
fall under parody. Like, wouldn't you can't you do something that's similar, but it's also
distinctly different. And like, he didn't call it IKEA. He called it something else. And he didn't
lift the actual brand names. He's calling them something else. And I think it's very obvious
when you look at the fact like it's a horror game, that any reasonable person would know that like,
when you actually go to IKEA, you're not going to be having a horror experience. Like I in Dark
Saga is still in China. It falls under parody. Yeah. And brings up when the in the 90s. And
Marvel Comics, McDonald's was called Mac food. Yeah, and pop culture says they should embrace
it instead run with it. I mean, they can, but I don't know because you know what they're doing
here. I don't know if I would call it Streisand effect. I don't think it's quite that. But I would
say this game now is getting all of this additional media coverage that it would not have gotten if
IKEA didn't send this letter. I'm not sure that's exactly Streisand effect. But it's it's it's in
the same family. And it's in the he could probably just change outside of that store to make it look
slightly different. So it doesn't it's not like IKEA. It doesn't really matter. But
but I think it's weird Al does an album cover that is really similar to, you know, an established
like, you know, what the what was his album that how the Michael Jackson parodies on it that looked
just like the bad album? Like, come on. He does this all the time with his album covers. And it's
like, you know, people understand. It's, it's a joke. It's a parody. Like a reasonable person
understands the difference. That's true. Dark soccer does say he had a good relationship with
Michael Jackson. That's true. I'd heard that Michael Jackson, like allowed him to use the same
set, even. So he did fair, fair, but come on. It's still that even if he didn't, if he,
you know, we all know that Coolio had a problem with it. And there was really nothing that could
be done. Yes, they made amends and so forth. Yes, that all got, you know, resolved later on,
but it was an issue at first, right? So it's just, you know, I just I don't understand why
he can't just say suck it like it's parody. This falls and plus, if I isn't this being I believe
the lawyer. So the company is in Sweden. The lawyer is in New York, but the game makers in
Europe. So how are you gonna how are you gonna fight that? I don't think you do. Yeah. So I just
I think these lawyers did this game maker a favor at the end of the day, to be quite honest.
Yeah, we'll see. I mean, it's definitely gotten a lot more publication than it would have. But I
hope the creator like I guess if they feel a need to change the color, make it you know what,
honestly, make it a yellow store with blue lettering. And then that's it. Don't change
anything else. Don't change anything else. And just say it's very, God, shut up. All right.
Let's talk about Digital Eclipse, which is a company that has made a lot of great
retro kind of revival sorts of games. You know, they've published a lot of
I want to say they did a lot of the Castlevania stuff recently with Konami and so forth. They've
been doing, you know, retro packages and stuff like that on modern consoles for a long time.
Most recently, they did the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Cowabunga collection.
They put out a new game for Halloween. But it's actually not a classic game. This is a new game
that's retro inspired. So it's a game called Candy Creeps. And you can play it with one or two
players. And it's a retro arcade like performer, platformer, excuse me, where you take you go out
against the pump king who stole candy. Oh, no. And you have to do like Mario Brothers, the original,
like jumping on, like, you know, stomping heads and things like that. So apparently this is the
first in what Digital Eclipse is going to do as an arcade line. And they're just calling it
New Games Inspired by Classic 80s Arcade Vibes. So that's kind of neat. If you want to get it,
it will cost you $4.99 US dollars on itch.io. Or if you sign up for the Digital Eclipse
mailing list by tomorrow, Halloween, which might actually be today for many of you listening on
the podcast, you can get it for free. So you can sign up for the Digital Eclipse mailing
list by doing that. The URL, unfortunately, is a little long. So you'll probably have to Google
it because I can't read it out here to you. But that is the way you can get it free or just check
it out on itch.io if you want as well. So yeah, I think that's, that's, hey, I'm all about a free
game. And I like a retro game, right? So it all works. So, well, speaking of retro games,
I think this is a good opportunity to get into our next segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
Hello and welcome to the classic game of the week. This game, appropriately, is Halloween
for the Atari 2600. It was developed by Micrographic Image, published by Wizard
Video, designed by Tim Martin and Robert Barber. It was released on the Atari 2600 in October 1983.
And it is based off of the 1978 horror movie of the same name. The interesting thing about this
game is that it doesn't have any of the characters named, including the killer. You just sort of have
to assume it's Michael Myers, even though the cover art for the box is the movie poster.
So the way that you play this game is that you play a babysitter who has to save children
from a knife wielding killer. So what you do is you have to take them to safe rooms located
at both ends of each floor of the house and or by stabbing the killer with the knife.
If it can be found, you advance by either rescuing five children or stabbing the killer twice.
As the levels progress, the killer gets faster and faster and it's game over when all of your
three lives are lost. Now, there was some controversy about this game. Number one,
this game had gore. Well, Atari 2600 level gore, but gore nonetheless. There were these scenes
where after one of the victims is stabbed that blood is showing actually squirting from their
body. For Atari 2600, that's gore. And people were really put off by that. They thought it was too
violent. Many retailers refused to carry the game. And the other game released by Wizard Video,
the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, also after a horror movie around the same time.
They actually ran out of money and went bankrupt. So while they were shipping out some of the games,
they didn't have labels on them. Instead, they had masking tape that said Halloween
handwritten on it. A lot of retailers rejected the game because of this.
And while it wasn't a great game, it really isn't. It was still better received than the
Texas Chainsaw Massacre. And because the limited numbers of it is now a highly valued item amongst
Atari collectors. Trust me, look on eBay and look at what they go for. And if you have one of these,
give it to me. I'm kidding. Actually, no, I'm not. Send it to me. I want it,
even though it's not a great game. But that is our classic game of the week,
Halloween. And as for all of y'all, Happy Halloween.
All right. There it is the classic game of the week, Halloween on the Atari 2600,
which I have to admit, I forgot that they did a Halloween on the Atari 2600. I completely forgot.
I know some of the classic movie based Atari 2600 games like E.T.
But I forgot there was Halloween. So there's that. Dark Soccer is actually in chat saying,
I worked really hard on that. They know it was nice, especially for those that were able to
see the visuals here live on Twitch. But it still works on the podcast feed as well. But yeah, so
Jamie's actually teased that she might do more of those prerecorded so she can do some more
fun stuff with the visuals there. So, you know, if you liked that, tell Jamie you want to see more.
Fifth Dream also says pork meat. And also, we could probably put those videos on our
YouTube channel. Hint, hint. So that, you know, a little something extra, you know,
on there. So something to think about. Fifth Dream says Porky's. Oh, God. Yeah, that was a
terrible movie. And yeah, I forgot there was that game as well. My gosh, my gosh. All right. Anyway,
all right. We're going to get right back into it and travel around the industry and check out some
other news going on quite rapidly and rapid fire news. So, yes, Loki and rapid Witcher news. We
have the news that Henry Cavill is going to be not appearing in the fourth season of The Witcher
on Netflix, probably because he's going to be Superman again. And so instead we're getting
Liam Hensworth. And nobody's excited about that. But Superman, that's good.
Why? Why do we hate him? Besides the fact he's Miley Cyrus's ex? Like,
is there celebrity gossip I'm missing? I don't know. Probably it's he's not as cool as Henry
Cavill. But man, I don't care. I didn't watch any of the seasons of The Witcher, so it doesn't
matter to me. I know some people very depressed about this news. I get it. Like, it's weird to
change the star right in the middle of the show. You don't see that happen a lot. I mean, it's
happened before. Well, I think the new Witcher is not supposed to have Gerald either. It's supposed
to be a different Witcher. So maybe they do that. And I don't know. And the chat is pointing out
this is because Henry Cavill is going to be busy as Superman. Yes. Right. Exactly. I mean,
I'm probably not supposed to. I don't know. I don't follow movies enough. But apparently,
Superman shows up in one of these recent DC movies. And it's very obvious. Well,
we just had the news recently, right? Like, one of those big directors on that had done the Marvel
side of the house, right? Is now going to be over like a new DC movie because everybody,
everybody knows the DC movies. Not great. But like, they're restructuring that whole thing.
I think I was reading somewhere, right? James Gunn, thank you. And pot culture says he did
do some DC as well. Yeah, he did the last Suicide Squad movie. And I liked that. I liked that movie.
It was pretty good. What I watched, Wonder Woman, I hear was a big exception to Wonder
Woman movies are pretty good. Yeah, the Wonder Woman movies are good. Would I watch more DC
because of that? Probably not. I hear that. Shazam is pretty good.
Yeah, I don't know about Black Adam. Some people like Black Adam. But once again,
this is so funny. sj 100. Matt and Chad says Liam Liam Hensworth
is to Chris Hemsworth as Billy Baldwin is to Alec Baldwin ouch.
Ouch.
Well, we're gonna say are you saying as Eric Roberts is to Julia Roberts? Is that what you're
saying? Anyway, go ahead. We're getting a remake of the very first Witcher game in Unreal five.
So that's going to be worked on as well by CG product red. So that sounds cool.
Maybe I'll have Liam Hemsworth as a drought. No one.
Maybe not. If you're Liam Hemsworth, though, how excited are you?
Like you're, you're having a great week. If you're just give him a chance, I guess. I don't know.
But yeah. Yeah. All right. Let's talk about the arcade archives series, which, you know,
is on Nintendo Switch, and I believe ps4 and therefore bs5 by association, you know,
there are a lot of there's over 100 games in the arcade archive series, and they're still coming.
And just recently announced another game that we're going to be seeing in arcade archives is
ordain. ordain is a game that was released in Japanese arcades in 1988. It's it's similar in
some aspects to Parodius. But in ordain, you are playing a professor that takes to the skies to
rescue his kidnapped sweetheart, who's been deducted by his rival. So yeah, get very,
very standard 80s storyline there. But yeah, it's very, very colorful little shooter type game. So
it's cute. There was a port on the PC engine. But since of course, this is the arcade archives,
we are talking about the arcade version. So yeah, this is actually also the first time this game has
shown up in the West. It has never been on a Namco collection of any sort or anything like that. So
that's kind of interesting, too. So pretty cool. All right, let's travel around the world and check
out some games you're going to be able to get this week as well. That one is one I think that's
coming out very soon digitally. But what's coming to the more traditional game stores lucky this
week. We have lonesome village on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation five and Xbox series.
Doraemon story of seasons friends of the great kingdom on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation
five. Sumiko, Grashi, Mina de rhythm party on Nintendo Switch. We have the chant on PC,
PlayStation five and Xbox series, ghost song on PC, Iron Man VR on PC, harvest Stella on
PC and Nintendo Switch. Nikkei goddess of victory on Android and iOS. And that's it.
All right. Let's go over to Japan and check out some of the releases that are coming out over
there. And then I'll ask Loki to do the UK dates with Dark Soccer out this week. But coming out in
Japan, we have on the Nintendo Switch we have Sumiko, Grashi, Mina de rhythm party, which I
think I heard Loki mentioned as well. That is a game that's coming out. I wonder what kind of
rhythm party it is. It looks like it looks like they're all singing in this game. You press
buttons and shake the joy cons to the rhythm of the music. Well, that sounds like samba de amigo
or something. That sounds like it could be fun. That's really the only major release on the
Nintendo Switch this week. Yeah, it does look a little like bear things. Going over to the
PlayStation five this week we have Doraemon story of seasons friends of the great kingdom
that is out from Bandai Namco this week on the PS five and that is that's really the only major
release in Japan this week. It's kind of a slow week in Japan. I will say though next week. Where's
Tiger Claw? Tiger Claw? Where are you? Tiger Claw? Pay attention because next week in Japan,
and I think this actually might be the entire world as well. But I noticed that Sonic Frontiers
is November 8. And that's gonna be that's gonna be a big one for some people. So
worldwide as a worldwide release. So check that out. November 8. All right. How about the UK
Loki and in lieu of Dark Sakura not being here tonight? The UK we've got train sim world three
on PlayStation and Xbox horsetails on PlayStation and the switch. The chance is that never mind.
Just go ahead. Keep reading. I don't know. It doesn't say it's Emerald Valley Ranch. So
I don't think no, I don't think that that is Sarah Jessica Parker. Okay. Actually,
the chant on PlayStation and Xbox we have a tourney am Noctis on PlayStation and the switch
humankind heritage edition on PlayStation. We have death's door on PlayStation and switch
harvest Stella on the switch brats flaunt your fashion on PlayStation, Xbox and the switch.
It takes two on the switch Ghostbusters spirits unleashed collector's edition on the PlayStation.
And that's it. All right. We have a few more stories for you. And then we're going to be
opening up our discord server to some phone calls. If you want to give us a call over at vog
network.com slash discord. And even if you don't want to call us, if you're listening on the
podcast feed, for example, you're not here live tonight, you can always leave some messages and
some notes in the orange launch radio channel or any of our discussion channels throughout the
week. I do read and actively participate in the OLR chat. So and I know Loki has an eye on that
too. Dark soccer, dark soccer makes a cameo once in a while the discord server, but she's there too.
And so you know, if you want to chat with us throughout the week, you can do that over the
discord server. So I just urge y'all to join, we limit our use of at everyone. In fact,
we don't use it. So don't worry about that type of spam, even though it is good,
whenever I joined a new discourse or anytime I joined a new discourse or that's the first thing
I turn off. And I think anyone out there who's considering setup, setting up a discord server,
please realize the app feature has been ruined for everybody. So I would just assume any discord
server you set up those features are not going to do any good because everybody's turning them off
now. So something to think about anyway. Moving on, we're gonna get back into a few news stories.
Unfortunately, these are not the great kind of news stories here. We've had some passings in our
industry this week. But let's take a moment to remember and acknowledge those that we've lost
this last week, Loki. Yeah, we have Reiko Kodama, who was a developer at Sega. She had worked on
quite a few different things, including Phantasy Star, Skies of Acadia, Alex Kidd, Sonic.
This is like the golden age of Sega, like all those games, right?
Yeah. So she started with the company back in 1984. And pretty much worked on a lot of stuff
during like the pixel art days, I guess. So gosh, she was labeled the first lady of RPGs.
And award a Pioneer Award at GBC 2018. I heard the way that we kind of found out
about this was because they put us very small tribute to her in the Mega Drive 2
that came out recently, the mini, the new like Genesis, yeah, to that hold the Sega Mini 2
thing that came out recently. And they put a small tribute and somebody had actually tweeted going,
you know, usually when you say in memory of so and so that per and they actually confirmed
she unfortunately passed away. So that's sad. Yeah, she was 59. That's way too young.
That's too bad. And speaking of way too young, someone on the more contemporary side of games,
someone you probably heard if you ever played the game Death Stranding also passed away just within
the last couple days. The frontman of the band Low Roar, his name was Ryan Karajia. I hope I
said that right, passed away at the age of 40. That's Oh my gosh, I mean, that's our age. So
that's really depressing. And this was confirmed, unfortunately, via the band social media pages.
Hideo Kojima, of course, the mind behind Death Stranding, really pouring out the condolences
on Twitter about the vocalist of this game, or excuse me, the vocalist of Low Roar, because of
the impact that the music had on Death Stranding. The song All Keep Coming played in the very first
trailer for Death Stranding. A song called Don't Be So Serious was one of the first tracks you would
hear during the opening scene of the game. I guarantee you, if you've heard the song,
you've ever played the game like, Oh, this, I remember this, the first time I heard this song,
so it's very, very important in setting the tone for that game. So yeah, on Low Roar social media
post, they paid tribute to Kara Zizia, calling him the driving force behind Low Roar, crediting
him for music and lyrics and his haunting voice, which again, if you've heard the songs, very,
very unfortunate. They did mention that they did record their sixth studio album, and that would
be the last project from Ryan and it will be released when it's ready. No date there. So
uh, in the statement of tweet, a series of tweets, Hideo Kojima said, you know, expressed his shock
over this saying the game would not have been complete Death Stranding without Low Roar's music.
So very sad. So kind of a, you have a classic, uh, game maker and a contemporary game contributor
really, you know, on both ends there, unfortunately losing both this week. So that stinks. Uh, we have
a few more stories in the meantime. Uh, Loki, I'm curious about this next one. This sounds
interesting. Yeah. So Sega is looking to do an intend, don't, and that is, they're going to make
making a super game. That's going to be coming out by March, 2026. Um, this is a super game project
that they don't really, they're not really talking about it, but apparently it's some large scale
game that they're working on. Uh, one key to achieving this goal is whether we can, uh, draw
together a large community involving not only players, also streamers who stream the game and
viewers who watch their videos, that kind of community expands the further development game
content, adding value to the game. It's unimagined by developers sparking broader movement, which
they can draw on even more user base, blah, blah, blah. Um, sounds to me something like, uh,
you know, very like a sandbox type, you know, like a Minecraft or like a Fortnite or something
like that, where there's kind of a growing progression of content for the game driven by
fans of it and stuff. So interesting. Don't know what that would be, but it's,
it's very ambitious then it's not something we're going to see anytime soon, but neat.
I don't know what it's about.
Oh, I'm sorry. My mic's been off this whole time. Oh my gosh. Uh, I was, I was, uh,
sorry for the awkward silence there, but, um, I was typing. I try to mute myself when I type
so that the clicking doesn't come through and I'm not always successful. So I was just joking that,
the next step now is to get an announcement of the announcement because that's, that's the first
thing we have to do. Right. And I'm very curious about, um, what this game is all about. So yeah,
it's, it's hype before that we even know what they're hyping up. Yeah, exactly. Right. All
right. Um, last and least, um, tonight, uh, I said I was really done talking about this,
but unfortunately the news keeps coming and I have to mention what happened this week in the
Bayonetta voice actor saga. Yes, I'm going back to that topic. Here's what happened this week.
So Helena Taylor, of course, you know, she said in some tweets this week,
my posts have hit a nerve with people. Low pay resonates, not just in the gaming industry,
but in the wider world beyond all over the planet to do it, donate your boycott money.
There are many small local charities that can help. And there were some traditional charities
that were there, like some food banks and some organizations that helped with the homeless and
things like that. Uh, there were some other organizations that were in there as well. She said
that these were organizations. She contributed her supplemental income from her convention
appearance. I think singular too. Um, but anyway, it was very interesting. Some of the other, uh,
charities that were mentioned here, uh, the student pizza fund for the London Academy of Music
and Dramatic Arts. That's fine. Pet welfare groups. Sure. But there was another interesting
one that stood out. Billboards for life. This is an organization that makes roadside propaganda
with, uh, it's basically anti-abortion propaganda. For example, um, fetuses that are showing in the
praying position, uh, quotes that say I could dream before I was born and so forth. Um, so
Helena Taylor is using her campaign to, um, urge people to donate to an anti-abortion, uh, charity,
which there's not, I mean, some people would agree with that, but, um, there are a lot of other
people that would not agree with that stance. Um, so it's, um, you know, again, it's a lot of people
are sort of questioning what exactly was her motivation with this whole thing and so forth.
I really have nothing else to say on all of this. I, I'm just going to point to,
I done said it already three weeks ago here on this show, and I told you then, um, if this was
the tweet that finally woke you up to what's going on, congratulations. Um, I accept apologies in the
form of Venmo and cash app payments. I'm just kidding. Tell a friend about the show. That's
all we really want to happen here at orange launch radio, but needless to say, when I said
she would never work in the game industry again, she's not going to now I do like this and thank
you quest buster for pointing this out because this is very, uh, very important to point out
the, another voice actress within Bayonetta three, Anna Brisbane, she voices a new character named
Viola, and she was able to kind of, you know, unmask this week. Cause the game is now out.
She can say, yes, I did this. She did a charity run raising $5,000 for various trans rights groups.
And I, I, that is a very well, well, it's a great cause to begin with. And I don't, I don't,
you know, I don't want to make, uh, these charity organizations, you know, any sort of like, I don't
even want to use the word joke, but my point is this is very much a tongue in cheek kind of,
I think, counterpoint to a lot of what we've been talking about these last three weeks.
And I think this is Anna Brisbane sort of coming out and saying, don't worry. I'm not like her.
I really think it is, but she's not saying that, but she's saying that.
So, uh, but congrats to Anna Brisbane on that role. Uh, and, uh, Bayonetta three's been getting
pretty good reviews across the board. I'm not sure it's quite as up there as Bayonetta two,
but to still be even in the eighties, high eighties at that and getting some perfect
review scores from some websites on your third game is still pretty good. So, um,
I, I congratulations to Anna Brisbane, of course, Jennifer Hale, uh, uh, congratulations to platinum
on the, you know, games release and all that stuff. Uh, and none for Helena Taylor. Bye.
All right. That's it. That's all the news we had for tonight. So now we want to invite
one last minute story. If you want. Yes, of course, because I was going to say,
we usually would read some emails here to participate at orange,
lot of trader.com, but guess what? We still don't have emails. I'm starting to wonder if anyone
emails anymore. We get the occasional from Y Y R Ziba or entertainment. I'm not here to name names.
I'm just saying. I only noticed there's probably less than five people that have emailed us in the
past like six months. And this is why I always threatened to get rid of the mailbag segment.
But at the same time, I don't really have anything where people are engaging to replace it with.
So that's why the mailbag still lives on for now, but now seeking engagement platform to get more
voices on the show through. So if you have some thoughts, I'm very curious. Uh, Bobby says he
has breaking news. I'd be very curious to hear that. Oh, that's great news. Guess what? Bobby
just breaking on the show. Do you do if you want to hop in the green room, Bobby,
or just barge on in, I don't give a shit and tell us here live on air. You can tell us if you want.
I'll read it if you don't want to do it for whatever reason. Uh, Loki though, what's your,
what's your last minute topic here? Well, not to be Debbie downer here, but, um,
Adriana Chechik has returned back to stream since her accident at TwitchCon where she broke her back
in two places. Right. Um, she talked a little bit about her recovery and also gave the bad news
saying that unfortunately at the time she didn't know that she was pregnant at the time of the
injury and surgery. She lost Loki. That's horrible. Oh, I wish you'd warned me. That's Oh, that's
awful. Oh my God. I think that definitely the people behind TwitchCon have to pay for that
for sure. They need to, somebody needs to answer for that.
Holy moly. Cause I mean, not only could you have killed like some of the adults there,
but you did, you did kill somebody. So it's just, it's horrible.
I literally have no words and I'm about to just press the end of the show button. So
anyway, um, do you have anything else please to, to palette reset or something that's,
that's really, that's, that's, that's hard. I saw a cool picture of, uh, somebody that made us,
uh, one of those century bots from portal out of a pumpkin. That was fun. Okay. Yeah.
As soon as Matt says someone throw a pie, uh, Loki, go hit yourself in the face of the pie,
please. All right. Actually, here, here's, uh, we're going to welcome Bobby Black Wolf on, um,
because I know Bobby had just got some really good news and I definitely want to hear like,
what's going on. So hi, Bobby, are you there? Yeah, I am. Hang on. Give me a second here.
Cause I haven't done this pie before. I know. No, I don't think you've been on our side of
the house in quite a while. So, and I got to make sure you're very loud, but that's okay. It's,
it's on my side, not your side. All right. Oh, Bobby's coming through a video. Great.
Here we go. Hi, how are you? Yeah. All right. Post-show area. Yeah. Yeah. Well,
I'm great. So the chat knows your news, but the podcast listeners don't yet. So tell me,
tell me the news. Cause I think this is really exciting. Yeah. So I just got the email
literally like, what is Gmail saying here? Uh, three minutes ago, three minutes ago. Uh,
but, uh, I am one of the 22 volunteers selected to be a host for awesome games done quick 2023.
Applause. Applause. Congratulations. Cause it's never guaranteed. It is never guaranteed. You,
uh, you re audition every time, which is good because, um, then we'd never get any new blood in
and there are people that have auditioned, you know, or there are people who've hosted
HDQ in the past, maybe done seven or eight events that can't get in anymore. Uh, and it's, but,
and it's a good thing that we let new blood come in because some people are like, well, you know,
why don't they just have like a set of hosts that they trust that can do, you know, that are there
all the time. There are only 22 spots in that list is longer than 22 people. So how do you pick
from the 22 trusted veterans on, you know, when you have more than 22. So I am, I am, uh,
I am thrilled and excited and I have to probably be posting on social media tonight. So I wanted
to give you the heads up here on board scope. I'm very excited. That's great. And so for,
for your audience who probably does, don't know what you actually have to do to audition. Uh,
and I can, I can talk a little bit about it, but I don't want to get too much into it, but, uh,
we're not even at an hour and a half. So by all means, give us a peek behind the curtain.
We got time. Absolutely. Um, so, uh, essentially what they have you do is they give you a video
file and you then they say, okay, here's a list. Here's some sponsor blurbs and here's a bunch of
donations. They give that to you in, in, in like a Google doc and there's a video and the video
has two minutes of just nothing. That's the time between games. And then the first six minutes of
a speed run. And during the speed run, the runner will be like, okay, now let's throw, you know,
let's have some donations and you're supposed to read some donations. So they're checking
how you structure your two minutes of you talking and then how you determine which donations to read
and what you say during the speed run. And they'll even say, uh, the runner is looking for us,
this specific community member, they're a friend. They want to hear their donation.
They'll say things like, you know, we're really trying to push for this or please, you know,
promote this part, you know, this prize or this, you know, this upcoming speed run, a bonus game,
whatever. Uh, they'll actually, they'll tell you that. And then you put in that thing, uh,
your eight minutes you uploaded is an unlisted YouTube video. And then they get, uh, 20 amazing
volunteers. I almost said suckers, but 20 amazing volunteers or 25 amazing volunteers or something.
They have to listen to everybody's audition and they watch everybody's audition and then they
score them on several subjective and objective things. So there's scores about, you know,
you get an extra point. If you read this donation, you lose a point. If you read this donation,
then it all averages together. But they also have some subjective things. Were they energetic? What's
their tonal voice like stuff like that? 112 auditions. Each audition is about eight minutes
long. Oh my gosh. And they selected 22. Congratulations. There were 17. There were
17 judge volunteers. I'm getting to this part of the email. They send stats. Um, and, uh, yeah.
And it's basically, it's a score out of 50. Uh, the 22 people had to score 42 out of 50. What'd
you get? What'd you get? I don't know. They don't tell me what I get yet. Okay. Um, I have to
actually ask, I can get feedback and then I get like the judge's comments and so I can figure out
what I'm going to work on. Uh, but, uh, the high score was 45.8. Oh, so nobody, nobody gets a
perfect score. No, no, nobody's ever gotten a perfect score. I think like one time somebody
got like over a 46, but usually like in the 45 is your high score. So there is, there's only like
three points separating first and number one and number 22. And then there are six backups
who scored more than 41 points, but less than 42. And that was six. So there were six people
that placed in the 41. And the first time I did this SGDQ 2020, I was in that backup group. Yeah.
I had just missed the cutoff line, but still that's great because you've done every single
one since. So, but I know, I know you work on your craft and you listen to the feedback and you've,
um, you know, kind of talked to others within the community and I'm sure you all kind of, you know,
talk about what works and what doesn't work. And that just helps I'm sure at the end of the day.
So, yeah. Yeah. And the downside of, of, of the hosting audition process and, you know, I'm not,
I don't mind talking about this is that it really helps that I've done it, done the actual event
because there's lots of things the judges look for that they don't tell you. And you'd only know if
you ever did an event. And so that's why you do see a lot of the same people hosting in every each
event. It's because once you've done one, you know what the judges are looking for and you know,
the little two things to put in that they don't tell you necessarily in the audition documents.
Yeah. And I don't, I didn't, you know, people should not listen to that comment and read into
it. Like, Oh, it's, it's rigged. That's not it. It's just that, you know, as again, you talked
about that there was a subjectiveness to the energy. How do you know the appropriate level
of energy? Well, either you've listened to a lot of the, you know, in, in the past, because
certainly if somebody was over energetic, you know, you know, if you're talking about,
let's talk about the prevent cancer foundation, you know, it's like, maybe that's a little too
much energy. Yeah. Yeah. But how do you know that? Unless you like, listen, you get that feedback
and that sort of thing. So I, you know, again, cause, cause when you say it that way, there's,
there's going to be people that will read into that, that, Oh, it's rigged. Cause you know,
you know how the internet works with the conspiracies. Yes. But it's not rigged.
It's just, it's on the job experience helps. Yes. Yeah. And yeah. And so a lot of people
will sit there and they'll like redo theirs and stuff. And I will say mine wasn't the first take.
They don't ask for your first take. They let you watch the video. You can see what the timing is
supposed to be. You can read through the donations because they don't want you reading every donation
because they throw in things that you shouldn't read on the air. And they're like, can you,
what's your judgment? And me doing this, my show and working with you and working with VOG,
doing this for 17 years, having to read chat comments in real time and react on the air
has helped a lot for sure with that. For sure. So, so I'm, I'm thrilled that I got in. I don't
know, like now I've got to tell them what I'm interested in hosting because the game list is
out 14. I know I, well, so that's, that's probably going to be an in-demand one though. It's going
to be very in demand. So there's like Froude who I've hosted many things before. He didn't get in
and I don't think there's any Yakuza runs in anyway. I'll have to check. Well, I mean,
I also understand they got to, they got to mix it up. They can't have the same thing every year.
And also this is the, this is the one that is going to be virtual because it's virtual again.
Yeah. We talked about, you know, a few weeks ago that they had to kind of not be in Florida
anymore for a variety of reasons. And that is a risk that they're taking with that. So,
and that's why there were over a hundred auditions. The, for SGDQ, I think there were
only like 90 something auditions. So because anybody around the world can, can be in your,
you're now, you know, I was competing against people in Australia that wouldn't have been able
to make it to, to America. Couldn't afford to make it to America, you know, cause that's a lot of
money. They were able, they were in the mix and other people who probably still aren't comfortable
with large gatherings, they were in the mix. So, you know, it was, it was a lot, it was probably
a tougher competition this time around. So I'm just very thankful that I, that I get to work
with them again. Very curious to see what summer looks like too, you know, with, you know, I know
it's a ways out, but just, just very curious to see how that shapes up in light of what happened
with this one. But I know it's still going to be great. It's still the virtual ones have been
awesome. A lot of people kind of think they should keep mixing the virtual with the in-person ones,
or at least, you know, have some out. So it's, it's cool that we are getting that. And yeah,
I'm, I'm thrilled you get to be involved with that again. And very curious to see what you end
up posting, especially since there is no Yakuza one that would certainly have you with it.
Right. Yeah. There, there are some games in there and I've also gotten to meet people that I think
that are running and stuff. So I may be able to, you know, now that I've actually been a part of
the community for, you know, a couple of times now, and I've gotten to meet some of the runners,
either working with them in the past or meeting them in Minneapolis when I was there.
You know, I, I may, you know, have some people that want me there. So that's, that's some runners
that would, cause runners can ask for a specific host as well. It's not just one way. That's great.
So, so we'll see. The summer one will most likely be at that same hotel in Minneapolis. They're
pretty happy with that arrangement. So it's, it's just, where is Awesome Games Done Quick 2024 going
to be? Because I think some of the stuff, the reason they moved it from Virginia to Florida was
a, they wanted to be near a major airport and also they wanted it less likely that winter
weather was going to affect it because it was happening in mid January. So it would be snowing
in Virginia and it's hard for people to get around if they're not from the area. Like I didn't want
to drive up there, you know, that's why I loved magfest in March that one time. Cause it was after
all the winter weather stuff. I'm so now, as she says, move it to Atlanta. Wink, wink. I have a
better idea. I'm just going to say it doesn't rain anymore here in, uh, you know, lovely Los Angeles
or San Diego or Las Vegas would all be excellent choices that are all near major airports. I'm just
saying yes, but also what they're looking at is the cost. Well, but I, I would still argue Vegas
is always cheap, cheap hub, but yeah, I get it. I get it. They got to find the right match.
And I, and I know people are saying move it to Atlanta and I'd love that too. Um,
because obviously we can handle it here. It's just the thing I worry about and I don't want
to get into details or go on, go on about this, but, uh, Georgia has its own political problems.
And so I'm not sure if the games done quick organization, which I have said is progressive
to a fault sometimes. Uh, I don't know if they would be comfortable being in Georgia. They
wouldn't be comfortable being in Texas. So if this is the line that they're going to take,
I can't see them coming to Georgia right now. And that's again, why Vegas jumps out at me
as Vegas is more purple or Nevada is more of a purple state, right? So it's, it's, it's a
very well-known swing state. So I, I, I kind of feel like, I don't know, Vegas, Vegas just
is the solution to everything. No, I'm just kidding. Yeah. How about Georgia's purple too,
but it's just true, but the rules, we have the laws that are on the books can, can fair,
have some people take second, you know, not want to come here. Yeah, I get it. So we're,
we're working on it. I live here. We're working on it. Early voting is open right now in many
States. It is here too. So I reminds I got to fill out my ballot. So yeah, I already did mine.
All right. Well, Bobby, I appreciate you coming back. I come in over on our show and giving us
that breaking news. And again, congratulations. They're lucky to have you, um, really look forward
to seeing what your trajectory and your path through that look, looks like and what games
you're going to be involved with. So I'm looking forward to it. All right, Bobby, you take care.
Thanks for joining us tonight. Thank you. All right. Bye. All right. Always good to hear from
Mr. Black Wolf here on OLR. He's good enough to have me on a show every week to promote what
we're doing here. So I have no problem having him here. Uh, if you want to be on orange on radio,
you can hop in our green room, but you better do it real quick. Cause, uh, I'm about to think
there's no calls that want to come, uh, in, uh, looking in chat over at twitch.tv slash
vog network. A lot of, uh, echoing of the go vote, uh, statements, Jaskren saying, go vote.
Dark to see us saying indeed already sent ours out with voting. Good, good. Okay. S Jonah Matt has a
good question for us. What are your favorite TV Halloween specials on the Paul and Halloween
special? Uh, my favorite specials on TV for Halloween are always the Simpsons Halloween
episodes. The tree house, the new one that they have coming out now with the anime Simpsons,
the death note. Yeah. I mean, I need to watch that tonight. Isn't it? Or is it next week? Yeah.
It's tonight. So, um, that looks awesome. But yeah, the Simpsons Halloween specials
are always great. That's a really good answer. Um, that's good. Um, I don't know. I get more,
I don't really get into a lot of the Halloween ones. I mean, I always love a good Elvira
appearance on television, but you know, she, Cassandra Peterson, isn't really performing
that part. Like it's a very special occasion. She does, um, Elvira at this point. Um, I was
going to say one other one. It's not TV, but since we live in the age of YouTube, uh, red
letter media's Halloween specials, their, um, best of the worst, all these, um, stuff is always good.
Um, I'm looking in chat at some of the comments here as the show and Hunter Matt says they
brought back David S. Pumpkins last night. I forgot about that. That's good. Zen monkey
11 says the worst, which that's a good pick is too. We love Tim Curry in that one. Uh,
dark soccer is saying I'm going to be the Halloween special by playing Cenobite.
You open the box. I came, so, uh, where will play night was good. It's short. It's only like 50
minutes. Nice. All right. Uh, Dr. Sia says the great pumpkin Charlie Brown picked it up on DVD
because I noticed it stopped airing on TV. Nice. All right. All right. Well, nobody else is in the
green room, so guess what? We're going to wrap it up. We're done. We're out of here. We're gonna say
good night. Good night. Let's get people's final thoughts and get on out of here for the night.
Um, Loki, what's your final thought? Oh, actually, wait, before I, before I get that, let me of
course say as always, thank you so much for listening to orange launch radio. Thank you
for being here tonight. Even though it was a little bit of a shorter show, we were down to
host. It happens kind of a slower news week, but thank you for being here and being a part of the
community, whether you're here with us live or you are on our podcast feed throughout the week.
We appreciate it. We'd love to hear from more podcast people, be it on our Twitter at OLR or
our mailbag. If you enjoyed what you heard here at orange launch radio, please tell a friend or
two about the show. Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has
a voice, but we need more voices to put out here on air, uh, in order to, uh, have them. So, uh,
yeah, uh, a nice five star review wherever you found this show that goes an awful long way. So,
uh, we really appreciate those. And, um, yeah, I, uh, I don't know what else to say. Uh, we won't
be here in two weeks, but we definitely will be here next week. So we will see you all again next
week, uh, with another episode of the show. Now I'll go over to Loki and get your final thought
tonight. Um, go subscribe to my channel, I guess, low gal are at, um, YouTube. Great. They're going
to be getting those. Uh, was it the, I don't know that they call on them now, but it's basically like
a, a new URL thing that they're doing. Not nicknames, but it's like something I don't
know what they call it. Uh, aliases or something, right? Yes. Um, let's see. Um, oh dark soccer
wants to remind people about the marathon that she's doing, uh, and I, I, I I'm okay. It was,
I was about to say, is that still happening in light, but, uh, dark soccer does want to point
out it's moved to February 15th in light of her own, uh, voice issues. It was going to be Tuesday,
but she's just knocking it back two weeks. So, um, heads up on that. Uh, that is going to be
on February 15th from noon to midnight, 12 to 12. So, uh, check that out. A dark soccer. Again,
she talked more about that on last week's show, but that is for, uh, to support some of the
medical issues. Her mother's been going through, uh, recently. So if you want more on that list
last week, but the date has changed to February 15th, uh, doctor's orders on that. Um, my final
thought tonight. Um, I don't, I mean, I could plug my stuff, but I do that all the time. I
would just say I'm, I'm feeling really good about the show last night. I did live Rocky horror. The
crowd was fantastic. I have been loving hosting and I've been getting to do a lot more of it
this year because the last two years have been asked with COVID for live events. So I'm just
really happy to be in the swing of that again. Oh, I'll tell you, I have not even said this on
Twitter or anywhere. Cause I just found about it. I found out about it last night. I am hosting
another non horror event here locally. This is going to be a fun one. Loki, you could bring the
kids to this one. It's this kind of event. So I'm not saying you have to go, but, uh, December 10th
here, I am going to be hosting a life or not life screening, but a screening of the movie home
alone from the nineties. So, and we actually, yeah, we actually have one of the stars of the
movie, not Macaulay Coke. And I'm sorry to say, it's not gonna be there, but, uh, one of the other
kids, Angela Goethals, I think is the celebrity's name. She is going to be in attendance. So, and
it's a, they're calling it a non horror screening, uh, from love horror events. So it's going to be
a holiday thing. Um, so I'm really, really, really excited to do that. That's going to be December
10th. So I guess that's my plug here locally for those of you in SAC love horror events.com. If
you want to see, um, all, I mean, it could be a horror screen if you, if you believe in the whole,
um, home alone in the saw universe thing. Well, and then if you look at a lot of like,
what was, you know, like the, the, the, yeah, the traps that, you know, he was setting up for those
burglars, it is kind of messed up. If you think about it, it could be a little bit scary. Um,
I will also say they are doing a screening of sleepaway camp, the camp, uh, 1980s, uh,
movie classic and the Angela or Felicia Rose will be in attendance for that one. Um, I am not
hosting it. Unfortunately it is the same weekend. I'm out of town. It's the same weekend. We don't
have a show, but I just, I think it's really cool. They're doing that. So yeah, lots of fun
shows there. So anyway, um, that's it. We're out of here for tonight. Thank you again for, uh,
staying up late with us and, uh, we'll see you in seven days. We'll do this all again. Hopefully
dark soccer is clear to come back with us next week and we can all be together again to talk
about video games. Have fun playing games this week. Everyone. Good night. You've been listening
to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific,
9 PM Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
