Tonight, June 7th, 2011, we kick off our live E3 coverage with press conference reactions
and special correspondents Bobby Blackwolf and Miek LaTov in LA on the show floor.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and happy E3 to you all.
I know there's been a lot of news this week.
Welcome to our special E3 coverage.
We're going to be live tonight and tomorrow night.
That's Tuesday and Wednesday, 7 o'clock Pacific.
Little different this week.
We're on Ustream, checking out a new place to stream the show.
To those of you that are brand new to Orange Lounge Radio, welcome.
If you found this through Ustream or what have you or some of the other referrals, which
we'll talk about in a little bit, welcome to our little show.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice and boy, here's a lot of voices about what's
been talked about from Microsoft, Sony, Nintendo, to Lezarec, Stadia and Ubisoft, but there's
just a lot, a lot of talk today and we're going to get right into it, but I need to
introduce everybody on the panel.
First off, my name is Rob Roberts, sometimes known as Sky, and I'll be joining you with
my co-host.
Say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Meaty.
How are you?
Meaty.
Feeling fresh and meaty.
Meaty.
All right.
And say hello to the one and only, and I'm so happy he can make it here tonight, Techmaster
Loki.
Hi.
We were a little worried that Techmaster Loki wouldn't be here tonight because of family
commitments, but here he is.
Screw the family.
No, just kidding.
I hope Nelly's not listening.
No, no, no.
All right, good.
Welcome to you, and we're going to ask you about Nintendo in just a little bit.
Also joining us, we've got other people joining us, we're going to have the one and only Bobby
Black Wolf from the Bobby Black Wolf Show.
He usually does a show right before us on our normal live shows Sunday night.
Of course, we're live every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, and more
information about all of that is at our website, orangesongsradio.com.
Bobby Black Wolf is in LA at E3.
He will be joining us momentarily to talk about it.
He has played the Wii U.
We're going to talk all about that in a little while.
I want to introduce somebody else here in studio, though.
Dan the Man is joining us.
Hello.
He's on the show tonight.
What a pleasant surprise.
How are you, Dan?
I'm good.
Awesome.
So, E3.
I wish I was there.
We're going to get into all of the press conferences and so forth.
Let me just start with this.
Before I plug everything and do the usual plugs, let me... What is one word on your
mind right now that if E3 right now can just boil down to one word, what is that word right
now?
Dan?
Underwhelming.
Underwhelming.
Loki?
Huh.
All right.
Dark Sakura.
What?
I'm going to say third party.
That's two words.
No.
Cheater.
All right.
Fine.
Third.
That's my word.
All right.
I want to also plug our chat room.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice.
We will be taking your calls a little later in the show on our toll-free number as well
as Skype at Orange Lounge Radio, but not just yet.
We're going to get to that later in the show.
If you want to join our chat room, please note we do not have a Ustream chat.
We have an IRC chat room.
More information is available at chat.orangeloungeradio.com, so please, by all means, pull up a chair,
sit in the chat room, and join us there.
Orange Right in the chat room, we'll start us off tonight, kind of all one word slammed
together says, third party saving first party asses.
I guess my runner up would be, seriously?
Oh, that's a good one.
Is it going to be all negative tonight?
Really?
Because I swear to God, all I've been reading on Twitter is just cynicism, skepticism, negativity,
and I'm like, this is why everybody hates gamers.
There's not an ounce of positivity I'm seeing on Twitter, but I don't feel 100% negative.
Are there things that I think should be done better?
Sure.
But is it all negative?
I don't necessarily think so.
But is anything mind-blowing?
No.
Yes, but probably not from any of the big five that we're going to talk about today.
I'll leave it at that.
All right.
Anyhow, I also want to unplug us on Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio, Twitter,
twitter.com slash Orange Lounge Radio, Bobby Black Wolf, of course, he'll be joining us
in a little bit.
We're teaming up tonight to do the coverage.
He is also on Twitter, twitter.com slash Bobby Black Wolf.
And the reason why I plug that is that today he was pretty dominated at the Nintendo booth
all day.
Well, he wasn't dominated at the Nintendo booth, maybe, but his day was dominated by
the Nintendo booth because he was at the Wii U event today.
But tomorrow he will be taking your orders.
You will be dominating him on Twitter and he is going to be your man on the floor at
twitter.com slash Bobby Black Wolf.
And if you're like, hey, what freaking Konami games are there that weren't at the press
conference or whatever, and he'll tweet you back and say, glee karaoke revolution with
Rocky Horror.
Yay.
Reggie's bitch today, your bitch tomorrow.
So twitter.com slash Bobby Black Wolf.
I also want to say thank you to those of you guys that have retweeted, helped promote these
special shows.
I know it's a little weird because we're not in our usual home, but you know, we had to
kind of think fast and this all really came together last minute.
So I want to thank everybody involved.
I want to give a special shout out to video game outsiders who has a show usually live
tonight at all games.
They didn't end up doing one tonight because of personal reasons, but they send a tweet
that was like, eh, go listen to OLR and I thought that was very nice of them to do.
And so I wanted to give them a shout out and a thank you.
It's going to be a night of varying opinions.
It's going to be fun.
So remember kids play nice and be respectful.
Let's jump into it.
Microsoft, Microsoft press conference starts us off tonight.
The Microsoft press conference, of course, was delivered Monday afternoon.
I imagine most of you listening don't need, I'm sorry, well, East coast, Monday afternoon,
fine, Monday morning.
Most of you listening don't need a recap of everything that was talked about, but let
me remind you some of the highlights, halo, halo anniversary edition, halo four, neither
of which interesting enough had connect shown.
It was one of the only games.
In fact, I think of that whole press conference that didn't have connect shown.
Are there any excitement whatsoever about the new halo four or the halo anniversary
edition?
Nope.
Did you hear it?
I'm into it.
I like halo.
I'm stoked for more halo.
I'm, I'm looking forward to a new halo as well.
I mean, obviously the teaser was just that it was, it was literally a title announcement
and nothing else.
The only other little, little pickins to drop or to take from that is it's another trilogy.
And I thought that was interesting that they're committing now to six halo games.
I will say this, it did mess with my head.
Not seeing the bungee logo before the halo trailers.
Did it?
Yeah.
I was just like, Oh, it's halo.
Oh yeah.
There is no bungee making halo anymore.
Oh, that's kind of sad.
Yeah.
It did seem like that trailer had a very different look to it as well.
It just didn't have that bungee feel.
Yeah.
It didn't.
It didn't have that big like, oh, that's okay.
I think, you know?
Yeah.
That's true.
Bungee kind of ran, ran their course, I guess, but I don't even say they ran their course,
but it's, it's, you know, it's just like, okay, there were the Batman movies from the
eighties and nineties and stuff.
And then there's, you know, the new Batman series and you know, both.
Okay.
Well the beginning of one was good and you know, the other one is also good, but it's
refreshing, I guess, to have like a new style of gameplay.
Yeah.
But it's, it's hard to deny the fact that, you know, it's bungee's, bungee's franchise
was bungee's.
It's Microsoft's franchise now, but, and it's weird that it won't have their stamp on it
unless the new developers are just sick copycats, which is about the best I could hope for.
Let me jump over to anniversary collection for a minute.
Huge speculation on the internet before that it was going to be very connect heavy.
In fact, I believe there was a domain, halo connect.com or something.
Now granted, there could be more announcements between now and when the game actually comes
out, but unlike most of the other stuff that Microsoft was pushing at E3, wasn't seeing
connect in this halo game.
Do you think they changed their mind?
Do you think this is yet to come?
No, it's because that would have required them to do some extra work because basically
they're just porting the asset.
They're upgrading the assets slightly and they're porting it over to the reach engines.
So it would have required them to rebuild a portion of the engine to get it and oh,
and adjusting the physics so that it's like halo one.
But um, that's what it would have required extra work for them to do that.
Maybe halo four.
Yeah, you can bet your ass halo four will use connect.
Did you find that little footnote that came out after the press conference about that
the multiplayer is all just multiplayer maps for halo reach.
It is not actually a part of the halo anniversary collection or whatever anniversary.
It is.
No, I had read this thing online.
Here's how it works.
Okay.
Now that can't be right.
Please, please share me.
Okay.
It's very similar to ODST.
You have one disc that has the single player campaign on it and of course the co-op for
that.
Then you have also the multiplayer disc.
Now the whole multiplayer disc is the full halo reach multiplayer portion, I guess.
And the maps do exist on the reach servers, but in it, since it's also in the reach engine,
that's what's going on is these maps are for reach, but you can play against other people
that also have reach, I believe as well.
Interesting.
Well, I guess that's kind of cool if it kind of bridges that.
Yeah, because ODST is the same thing they did theirs.
It was halo three airplane on.
So it's not, it's not bad.
It's, it's, and considering the fact that it's also going to be a budget price game
too, it's going to be a $40 game when it comes out.
Just because they know they can't make a better multiplayer engine than bungee did.
Let's talk connect for a little bit because obviously connect dominated a lot of Microsoft's
press conference and it's taken a lot of flack on the internet because of that.
I noticed when I was watching Twitter, um, over the press conference, there's a lot of
people hating on Microsoft right now because their conference was very connect heavy and
it didn't seem to address the hardcore gamer, which is funny because that's the battle Nintendo's
been fighting for years.
Bullshit.
I'm sorry.
Well, I have the best stage and that's important.
Hey, it was important.
I mean, we're going to get into it later on, but they're, they're not the only ones that,
you know, okay.
Other than, you know, PlayStation, I guess, uh, they're not the only ones that really
focus on their, their motion gaming stuff.
Um, and yeah, what they showed, I think it's a little bit of everything.
Yeah.
It's some stuff for the hardcore players and he had some stuff that's like, well, this
shit's on, you know, could have been on the Wii or, you know, it's very kidsy, I guess.
Let me ask a question of our chat room at chat.orangelauncherator.com again, uh, for
those that are joining us for the first time because of the Ustream connection here, our
normal chat room is at chat.orangelauncherator.com, uh, answer this for me.
Be honest.
Is there a connect title you want to try?
And I want to talk about some of those connect titles that were announced at the show.
And I want to go to dark soccer for a minute because I know you must've perked up when
you heard about the Disneyland connect game.
Did you hear about the Disneyland connect game?
No, I didn't actually.
Yes.
There's this whole, I relied on somebody to fill me in.
Obviously Dan didn't fill her in on the Disneyland connect.
You didn't ask.
All right.
So there's this whole Disneyland connect game going on where they really harped on.
You're going to get to be in Disneyland and they actually showed, you know, like you're
going through down main street and so forth.
But then as you walk up to a ride, like Peter Pan's adventure, they had these little overacting
kids on stage demonstrating it.
It was just mini games.
And you know what it made me think of, I don't know if you guys remember an old eight bit
game by Capcom years and years ago called adventures in the magic kingdom.
Yes.
It was an old ass NES game.
It was the same thing.
Do you know what this game is?
What?
It's another connected ventures game.
It's seriously connect Disneyland adventures, connect adventures.
It's all it is.
That's why you're flying through stuff and collecting coins or whatever, except it's
in Disneyland.
That's all.
Disney hub looked cool.
No mini games looked like fun.
That's exactly where I'm at.
Exactly.
Exactly.
It's fine because it's, it looks fun, but you know, let me put it this way though.
They seriously need to tone down the acting for the people that they have on stage.
It was, it was to the point where it's distracting and I mean, I understand you want to make
it look fun and stuff like that, but Oh my God, just any idea how many Red Bulls those
kids drank, they worked their little hearts off and they're probably dead right now.
They burned out showing you how fun that game was.
I want to know what this horror is.
All right.
Dark soccer's pointing at Minecraft on the connect, which was a, a little, a little thing
that was dropped.
And there are some people that are supporting the Minecraft game guru, Minecraft, maybe
Kai's Judo Minecraft.
I want to try.
So there is some love for Minecraft.
Now we've talked on orange on trade before.
I don't think anybody here in the room got Minecraft quote unquote.
Like I tried it.
I get it, but I just don't want to play it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think that's where I'm at.
I'm like, I get it.
And I understand why people love it.
That being said, it's not for me.
I don't have that much free time in my day to play something like that.
But again, what I thought was interesting about the follow-up and what came out after
the press event is that the, obviously the Minecraft was pretty much independently developed.
I think by one guy or just one very small studio, uh, they are not doing this 360 version.
They have basically, I don't know, contracted out or sold the license for somebody else
to develop, which makes sense.
Minecraft's at an all time high right now.
There's iPhone things you're going to see and everything else is going to be everywhere.
You know, I don't have a problem necessarily with being on 360 and it looked fun and I
probably would like Minecraft.
Like I said, if I existed in a world that had 48 hour days, but I don't.
So I unfortunately don't have time to play something like that.
We have some more feedback in our chat room on the Disney game, Disneyland adventures
for the kinetic tiger claw.
When they showed that Disneyland game, I was reminded of that universal studios game on
the game cube.
I remember that game.
Hmm.
Actually, I don't.
So that doesn't bode well for this game.
It was bad.
What was it?
I don't even remember it.
It was a bunch of universal studios, mini games that was all hosted by woody woodpecker.
There was like a back to the future game.
So I was like, I got to see, this has got back to the future in it.
Was that the best talent they could get was woody woodpecker?
Universal's kind of cartoon mascot was woody woodpecker.
That would be like, okay, we've got a Disneyland game coming out, but unfortunately all the
Disneyland characters, like 98% of them were too expensive to license.
So we got Herbie, the love bug to be in the game.
We decided to do Knott's Berry Farm.
It's Disney.
That's it.
We couldn't get Minnie Mouse, Mickey Mouse.
Connect Knott's Berry Farm adventures.
At least they'd have good chicken.
Savalas in the charm says, uh, connect Disney is for families in Nebraska who are not able
to get to a Disney amusement park.
I see it as more like the thing to just shut the kids up.
No, no.
I'm sure that my store, Nebraska Furniture Mart will sell plenty of those, but, uh, no,
I think what it is is it's another connected, you know, adventurous type game and you know
what?
It will sell like crazy because it looks fun and it's better than some of the other mini
game crap that's out there for it.
And Disney people will buy it just because apparently it's going to promise that you
can wander around Disneyland on the connect.
Blackness in our chat room says, I really do hope somebody hacks the Disneyland connect
assets and makes a grand theft auto style port.
Come on now.
Let the kids have something.
Who hasn't made grand theft auto and uh, and GTA yet.
Come on, Matt.
Did you do that or who hasn't made Disney a grand theft auto yet?
Well, I guess the kids do have something.
Did you see the Sesame street game that they spent some time demoing and, and collectively
Twitter was rolling their eyes, but I was like, dude, I wish they had the Sesame street
game when I was six.
I hate fucking Elmo.
Maybe with less Elmo.
If it had like cookie monster and big bird in it, I'd be like, this game is going to
be tight.
If Mr. Hooper was still alive, I'm going to play it.
If Linda, the deaf lady was teaching me how to sign, dude, Linda, the deaf lady was hot.
There you go.
Uh, black Wolf is in our chat room right now talking to the chatters.
They're saying I had Sesame street games on my Intellivision word fun and electric company
math fun.
Dude, the electric company game was amazing.
I want to know more about this whole live streaming TV thing they were talking about.
Was I the only one that didn't really get it?
Like it, I don't get it.
It flowed really weird in their presser for me.
They were watching castle.
Yeah.
They're watching castle.
Apparently I caught a little ad in the sidebar and I don't know if it was just a marketing
placeholder or whatever, but it said the connect show.
And that made me think, is Microsoft producing their own content for this too?
Or was that just a placeholder?
I think it's a placeholder, but here's the thing is it's basically going to be content
that you say, for example, like, you know, I have Comcast, so it's going to be Comcast
programming.
Great.
I can just turn the TV on and watch TV.
You know, I don't need to watch TV through my 360.
My 360 act as a TiVo because if so, I could actually kind of use that.
Well, what it's doing is you guys know what like the review is like those set top boxes
that you just plug into your TV.
And instead of actually having their own content, what they do is they look around the net for
content kind of like windows media center will do, and then let you play it.
It's just going to be a service like that for the Xbox.
And that kind of ties into the other announcements about the partnerships with YouTube finally
coming to Xbox.
I think a lot of us are going, okay, it's about time.
We got a decent YouTube player.
That'd be pretty cool.
That is going to be pretty cool.
And then this whole Xbox Bing thing where I guess you can go Xbox, Harry Potter, and
it'll show you all the games, all the CDs.
So I mean, will it, will it like search the internet too?
I mean, do we have a legit?
No, it won't search the internet because it doesn't have a fucking web browser in it.
Will connect finally respond to me going Xbox, Bing, gay porn.
It'll probably look up my little pony.
It'll come back with some indie gay.
I'll come back with my little Care Bears, the Smurfs, Lady Gaga on HBO.
I hate the new interface.
It was weird.
It took me a minute to figure out that they were actually demoing a new interface.
Like I, I mean, I'm not stupid.
I saw that it was a new interface, but I thought it was kind of like a spinoff for the TV thing.
Like like the connect thing is, is a little separate thing.
I didn't think I was looking at a whole new dashboard and I was kind of like, okay.
It looked like the crossbar a little bit.
No, it's, it's modeled after windows seven phone stuff and then also windows eight is
supposed to be very similar to that.
Good for them to do that kind of, first off, you know, windows eight, you know, that shit
is optional.
It's like the fucking media center.
You don't have to use media center if you don't want to.
However, on the Xbox 360, it's not fucking optional.
I I'm sorry, hitting the guide button again to get my fucking blades back is not fucking
optional.
That is, I want the blades.
I mean, it's, you know what, here's the, here's a thought and I know this is crazy and out
there, but how about we have themes we can download where we can say, Hey, you know what?
I like the blades.
I'm going to keep it on the blades.
Hey, I know I want to keep it on this, you know, the new Xbox experience.
All this is now is, Hey, look at this.
What game am I playing?
Is that a tiny little box in the corner and all these ads are everywhere else.
Uh, technus in our chat room at chat.org.com says, I think it's great.
They added complete voice search.
It's pretty hard and quite pathetic that in the current dashboard it's hard to find shit.
I agree.
That's kind of my problem.
You know, connect fun labs was on the thing like right after the press conference.
You had to dig to find it.
No you didn't.
You should.
I, it was not on the main bar.
You had to go to the E3 coverage.
You didn't look hard enough.
Then you go to connect.
No, no, no.
It was on mine.
It did not come right up.
All right.
It was on the community page.
The community bar that was right there.
It was like one of the first, you know, few, I should have thought to look in community.
God damn it.
It was right there.
Yeah.
Instead of having to dig, well, when it's like the thing you just announced today, shouldn't
it be like on the main bar?
I mean, I don't know.
It is on one of the main bars, isn't community basically where it starts?
I thought it was, yeah, pretty much whatever.
All right.
Uh, moving on to some other announcements.
Uh, some of the nonconnect things at the top were actually pretty cool.
Uh, there was the modern warfare three demo that they demoed and you know, I'm not into
those games, but I was kind of looking at the footage going, oh, that's really pretty.
That's, that's pretty cool.
If I could actually do that when I play the game, as opposed to just running into walls
constantly and shooting my friends.
You mean there's a modern army game where I can shoot things and shit explodes?
That's revolutionary and brand new.
I have to admit, I thought it was pretty cool when they were doing that whole little getaway
in the raft.
I was like, it's like super army cart.
They had, they had a raft at the end of the last game.
Oh, shows you how much I play those games.
Modern warfare.
And the truth is I like modern warfare.
All right.
And then, and I love this.
The Tomb Raider demo was hot.
I thought that that was like my favorite thing was neat, but once again, you know, I've already,
I've kind of, you know, set that franchise aside for, well actually since the first Tomb
Raider, I just never got into Tomb Raider.
Well, see the thing about this, but it looks cool.
Yeah.
The thing about this new Tomb Raider is that it didn't look at all like the old ones.
Cause it didn't look like a reboot at all.
I know it looks like uncharted
Maybe that's why they have adventure sense, which is like saying, Hey, you can't figure
out the puzzle.
We'll do it for you.
I'm going to need Tomb Raider for idiots.
Well, I, I, what I loved about it though is that there was scenes very reminiscent of
that movie, the descent, which is like one of the few movies ever to legit scare the
shit out of me.
So I can kind of see where the survival horror thing is coming from for Tomb Raider.
Cause some of that stuff did look kind of scary.
I Tomb Raider needs something.
And if this, if this rejuvenates the franchise, great, but just the same, it's like it's uncharted.
How many times have they tried to reboot, you know, Tomb Raider so many times and it's
failed every time.
So hopefully this time is a little different.
Congratulations, X-Box.
You get uncharted.
It's Tomb Raider.
Well, I thought, well, but Tomb Raider is not exclusive to the 360 either.
So I thought it was weird that they demoed it at the PS three people could just play
uncharted.
Yeah, that's why they didn't demo it.
They don't want to show uncharted and then, you know, Tomb Raider, Hey, this looks kind
of similar.
Like, Oh, wait a minute.
Uncharted is awesome.
And Tomb Raider is trying again.
Tiger claw in our chat room says the Tomb Raider demo got kind of creepy with all the
moaning and panting from Laura Croft game guru says Tomb Raider looks too much like
a survival horror game.
Uh, let's see.
Randy you says, dude, stabbing Laura and closing her eyes.
What the fuck?
Jenai in our chat room says uncharted is so bro, bro, bro, uncharted is pretty cool.
Did watch that little bit of the demo of the uncharted demo.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Dan was watching it.
It was let's drown for awhile.
Let's press a repeatedly.
Let's not drown for awhile.
That's uncharted.
So I was like, yeah, it won't play.
Let's shoot people.
And then quick time events.
Awesome.
Uh, and then of course connect fun labs was shown and I wanted to see the look on Loki's
face when that was being demoed.
That was awesome.
Well, here's the thing.
Okay.
All this stuff got spoiled.
Like right before the press conference.
Oh look, our E3 page got leaked out.
So it, no, all the big, you know, announcements, they were already out there and connect fun
labs.
That shit leaked a while ago, but, and here's what you connect fun labs is it's, Hey, look,
here's all the tech stuff that we said we could do before and couldn't do.
Now you can, you know, remember the whole, Hey, I can scan my skateboard in there and
you know, play the first thing that they showed.
Did you notice even the lady said, finally, she's like, and now you can scan in your skateboard
finally.
So, you know, she'd been catching shit about that for a year.
Like the first thing they show is someone scanning a skateboard in and then jumping
on a virtual skateboard and playing, and now they're like, Oh, you can do it.
Well.
And the thing about connect to me too, and the whole fun labs that it is not changing
your avatar.
Like it's not like how the 3ds will make a me out of taking a picture of you.
It is just like a temporary thing to do fashion magazine poses.
Like what the fuck is the whole thing where, Oh, you don't have to fumble through menus
anymore to, you know, pick your, your avatar then you're full of shit.
I'm trying to be, I'm not hooking up our connect after all.
You can not make the avatar out of it.
You know what I did, what I wanted to test, I wore my Pikachu shirt to see if it would
take a picture of the Pikachu shirt and like actually show Pikachu, if it would just be
a yellow shirt and it came through as a Pikachu shirt.
I mean, it was a horrible scan of it, but it was definitely Pikachu.
And I was thinking, well, obviously this won't be the main avatar because they can't show
all that copyrighted stuff that people scan in.
Somebody will wear a Dick on their shirt.
I haven't tried it yet, but that's gotta be wrong.
I am.
I am not see if you can figure it out.
Chat.
Is anyone play connect fun labs?
Tell me for all.
I do not believe you.
Let's hook up our connect.
Save your avatar.
Sure connect.
Someone was supposed to lend me dance masters.
Alright.
Dance central two.
Yeah.
Dance central.
What'd you think of dance central two?
It looks like dance central one.
I, I, I have to admit I'm a big fan of dance central, but I didn't see besides obviously
der the two player thing.
I didn't see what was new about it.
Here's what's new about it.
And I know this because I saw the actual feature list so that what they did is they improve
the break it down mode where you can actually repeat individual, um, like moves or practice
individual moves.
It needed to be.
You can also, um, you know, repeat whole sections of, um, you know, that stuff.
Uh, there's also, I think what else there was in there, you know, the two player at
the same time, they also have the ability where you can get rid of the freestyle stuff.
Say you don't want to do that where you flail about randomly during the song.
You can take that out or you can change the way it looks.
Um, some of that stuff.
And then of course, you know, the, the new music that they're going to have in there.
Yeah.
I don't think they did a whole lot with dance central too.
And honestly, they probably could have just left it alone, but well, it's also one of
those things where it's like, if it ain't broke, why fix it?
How many dance games are on the Wii or not?
Sorry.
The, uh, the connect connects what there's that dance.
There's dance masters.
Just dance was announced, will be coming.
Uh, and there's that dance paradise.
Is that what it is?
There is there's dance masters, dance central to just dance three right now available right
now.
Dance paradise, uh, dance masters and dance central.
So it's three.
I like how they're like, it's the number one selling game on the connect and Michael Jackson,
the experience.
Okay.
Maybe there's four.
Well, because it is the number one selling one by a mile and with kind of good reason
because it's the only good one.
Just the answer.
But here's the thing though.
Just dance though.
I mean, it's good on like the Wii and stuff because of the limitations of that.
But you know, when you kind of bring that in with, you know, dance mat, well not necessarily
dance, but dance central, I don't know if it's going to be able to hold its own.
I mean, people will buy it because they're like, Oh, Hey, just dance.
It's popular.
But um, you know, I think it dance central does a better job though.
I think just dance sells well cause it's got the right name.
Everyone's like dance central.
What's that all about?
Just dance.
Hey, I can just dance.
Have really solid, uh, song lists too.
And I think that's a big part of it.
And more dance masters stumbled is that sure the Konami thing reaches a very niche audience,
which you know, happens to be a lot of the people that's listened to this show historically,
but unfortunately it doesn't really reach anybody beyond that.
You know, people pick up the box for dance masters and go, what's this dance paradise?
Just it was late to the game and it kind of looks clunky.
I don't know.
I said only ones I'd seen were dance masters and dance central and the only one I've tried
is dance central.
I would love to see a dance game with like half Konami ish songs, half dance central
ish songs in the dance masters interface, because I think there's some cool things that
dance masters brings to the table.
I want more Para Para.
Well then you would be talking about part of my, my pitch for a new DDR game, of course,
you see.
All right, let me get to some quick, quick thoughts.
We want to get on to Sony.
I want to get to Bobby and all that, uh, quick thoughts fable the journey.
Here's my problem with necessarily fable the journey.
Looks good.
I mean, it looks nice cause it's an unreal three now.
Um, here's my problem with the connect game.
So everything's on fucking rails.
Everything is on fucking rails.
Doesn't the halo rail shooter make more sense than a fable rail shooter?
Everything is on fucking rails.
The ghost recon game on rails, the fable game on rails, star wars on rails.
It's that's all they can do is on rail shooters.
They can't actually do anything where you have actual control that that's where one
thing that plays Asian has over, you know, the connect is, Hey, you know what?
We have a navigation controller.
We can navigate around the map.
Whereas you guys are stuck on a rail.
You need the Xbox nunchuck.
I you know, I'm coming off of fable three and what I was just talked about on last week.
So LR and I was not feeling that great about fable three.
And so when I saw this preview, I, I was just kind of, eh, if it's $20 maybe, yeah, it looked
all right.
It would be pretty cool, like Xbox live arcade game and I liked how the perspective is a
little different.
It actually knew it'd be kind of, it kind of reminded me of, cause it is an on rails
shooter is it would be a pretty cool arcade game.
Yeah, actually an actual arcade, an actual arcade game because it's an on rail shooter.
Other quick thoughts since she's brought up on rail shooter, what I think will be as much
as we're all probably looking at it going, eh, I think it's gonna be huge this holiday
connects star wars.
I just hope they fix the lag of shit because the lag looked terrible from what they were
showing the guy playing.
Even the guy doubling it looked like ass playing it.
It was horrible.
Did you see when he tried to lift that ship up and move it and he dropped it?
That was hilarious.
Oh man, I was, I felt bad for him.
But of course the games are still early on.
So there you go.
Uh, let's see.
Did I miss anything else?
Do you guys think of big, big stuff?
I mean, there was Tom Clancy game was shown as well.
Uh, Gears of War three, which I actually.
The one that looks kind of cool is a rise that the new cry tech, um, game, uh, the yeah,
the Roman one.
I saw the dude kicking in that and I was like, he's going to like kick his connect right
off the TV.
I can't play that in my house.
I get to see the achievement now.
This is Sparta.
Every time I do that, you know, but that, that's why a game like that'll sell because
there's going to be a lot of like, that's the thing though.
It's an actual, but as long as the, you know, combat's good and not clunky, like, you know,
fighters uncaged or something like that.
I don't know.
It, there was a lot of cool stuff that they show like forza four looks pretty awesome.
Um, and the head tracking stuff and that once again, also kind of laggy, but I don't really
know how you would be able to do that anyways, cause you're kind of, you can't really turn
your head, you know, it just doesn't really work with a stationary, you know, monitor.
It sure didn't work in a Gran Turismo five.
Uh, and oh yeah, forza, which is Dan, I know you're a racing game fan forza.
Forza looked great.
Now did you see that?
Great looking racing game.
Did you see their new steering wheel that they have?
That looks like, but $60 wireless steering wheel.
What's the point?
Oh, you can wave it around in mid air.
Sweet.
Gears of war three ice tea reuniting.
Why is he always look angry?
He's like, you know, it's like every, I don't understand why he was just like scowling.
He looked angry cause he was playing gears of war, which is a testosterone game for men.
War looks angry.
Well, you don't have to like be all, you know, fronting like you're just, you know, I'm going
to murder somebody after I'm done playing this game.
Although I got to say though, the gears of war three limited edition Xbox looks pretty
nice.
The black and red one.
Yeah.
That's good.
I want to quickly just mentioned the EA press conference that happened mass effect three
interesting voice command thing going on there.
Useless.
How quick, you know, I would never use that.
I would never, I mean, is it a great demo thing?
Like to show off your console to your friends?
Like look at this space minority report technology.
It's fun for like five minutes commanding your troops or whatever, you know, to do different
things.
Maybe.
I don't know if that was like that part.
Yeah, I could see that like doing the actual dialogue trees and stuff.
I have a directional pad right in my thumb.
Why do I need to even bother with this bullshit?
All right.
And then of course, a star Wars, the old Republic had its kind of first, uh, what is the opening
trailer shown for the game?
I don't know that people, that trailer was sick.
Yeah.
It looked, I don't know why the star Wars movies can't be like that.
That trailer was sick.
Uh, quickly.
The Ubisoft press conference with Mr. Caffeine.
What was up with that guy?
I didn't watch the whole thing.
I saw caffeine, by the way, when you actually go to a show and see Mr. Caffeine in person,
he's amazing.
Uh, far cry three was the only game I'd really seen.
And I was like, there was part of the dialogue to me, felt like it was trying to be too edgy.
I don't know.
All I know is when it showed the dude doing the stealth kills, where he like walked up
behind the guy, pulled the knife out of the guy's pocket and stabbed him with it.
A little part of me, my heart grew three sizes.
The game parts.
I mean, I'm not going to play it, but man, I watching that dude kill people like that
was he, he like grabbed the guy's knife, stabbed him with it, whooped it out of him, and then
threw it at another guy and killed him.
I mean, it had to be prescripted because nobody could probably make that look that good, but
it looked like it would be really cool if I knew how to play it.
I like the fact that you don't have malaria.
All right, I'm going to go to the phones.
We're going to give Bobby Black Wolf a call.
He is our man, our correspondent that is at E3 this year.
The other thing too, Bobby's actually like syndicating what we're doing tonight on his
own feed, which I totally forgot to mention at the top of the show because there's just
so much going on tonight.
So of course, a big thanks to him for agreeing to do this with us tonight, and I think Bobby
is now on the line.
You there, Bobby?
I am here.
What's up, guys?
Not much.
How's the weather?
Well, a lot actually, but that's all right.
How's the weather in LA?
Not as warm as it is in Atlanta right now.
What an interesting change of pace.
It's been raining up here.
All right.
Forget the weather.
E3, how did day one treat you?
My feet hurt, but it was a lot of standing around.
It was a lot of standing around.
Yeah, because you waited all day today to play Wii U, didn't you?
Yes.
I was about two hours before I got in there, but then I had about an hour and a half to
kind of go through their eight demos.
Two hours actually isn't that bad, all things considered.
Did they have entertainment in the Wii line this year, or Wii U, excuse me, line to keep
you going?
No, and actually, when I walked up to it, it was about two o'clock, and the show floor
closes at six, and I walked up at two, and there was a lady at the end.
There was a sign that said, line closed, and I said, is it already full?
And she's like, well, yeah, we've cut off the line.
You're more than welcome to stay in here, but realize you may not get up to the front,
and you may waste the rest of your day.
And I said, okay.
Oh, wow.
And I got up there, and it wound up two hours later, you know, four o'clock, I'm starting
to play with the Wii Wii Wii U.
That's not that bad.
So I guess they were just trying to scare people away.
That's not that bad, all things considered, because the lines in the past, like the 3DS
line was atrocious last year, and then, of course, the original Wii line.
We all saw those videos on the internet of just the line keeps going and going and going.
That line was awesome.
All right.
Anyhow, we'll get to Nintendo in a minute, but let's start by talking about Sony, because
Sony happened yesterday, and you were there at the press conference, right, Bobby?
Correct.
So how was it?
You got like right in the front, practically, didn't you?
Yeah, it was kind of funny, because I got there a little late.
Like I took the shuttle from my hotel, and it started at five, and so I got on the bus,
on the bus, at about four or four-o-five, and in LA traffic, it was like 4.55 when we
finally pulled up to the Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena, which is on USC campus.
So we finally pull up, and I'm like watching everybody, and we can't get off the bus.
It takes us like 15 minutes just to get around the corner into the parking lot.
And we're all like kind of walking in and stuff.
I missed all the food in the beginning and all that stuff, because I was hungry, because
I had eaten since Atlanta that morning.
And I made it all the way, you guys feel there?
Yeah, we're here.
Okay.
It was just some cut out from my phone.
Anyway, so I was walking, running in, and before I went through the door, there was
a guy saying, hey, there's more seats if you go down this ramp to the VIP area.
So I'm like, okay, I'll go down that ramp.
And so we went down that ramp, and it went underneath, and we were on the floor area,
and people were just directing us.
And they pointed to these seats on folding chairs on the floor right in front of the
stage.
Nice.
And there were like a lot of Sony employees sitting there, and so I was sitting there
with them.
And then all the Sony employees got kicked out, and more people came in.
And I realized everybody else that was sitting around me, like Michael Pachter and them,
all had these red VIP lanyards.
And I didn't have one of those.
So I was kind of like covering up my shirt or something, so it looked like I had a lanyard,
and they never noticed.
You were just in the right place at the right time.
Well, they got to make that section, you were just in the right place at the right time,
it sounds like.
Yeah, I hate being late.
Yeah.
And they've got to make that section look full, because that's the part of the auditorium
you can see on TV constantly, is kind of that first little area.
So it's got to be full and animated.
So I'm not surprised they were trying to fill it up.
But every time the camera was on me, I was tweaking.
Nice.
Let's talk a little bit about what happened at the Sony press conference.
Obviously, we're going to get to taboo when we come back with the Orange Launch Radio
next Sunday, the regular episodes.
But I lost a point in taboo, because Sony just opened right off the bat with somewhat
of an apology, and one that it seems like most people accepted.
Loki?
Loki's shaking his head a little bit.
It was retarded.
Really?
It's like, yeah, we learned a valuable lesson with this PlayStation outage set.
We realized how much you like playing online.
That's all they fucking learned.
That's all they learned.
It was not like, oh, hey, we're sorry that your credit card information was compromised.
It was, hey, you guys like playing online.
We're going to focus more on online play.
Let me ask the chat room how they feel about it.
Chat room at chat.orangelaunchradio.com, were you satisfied with Sony's apology?
What do you think?
How did that go over in the crowd there and with you?
Well, first off, it was kind of interesting because you notice he never said they got
hacked.
They called it an outage.
They didn't say why it was an outage.
But a lot of people round up, and you gotta realize since I'm in the VIP section, I'm
around people who've been in the industry 20 years and all that stuff, and they kind
of were more understanding than the people that were probably up in the normal seats
and people at home.
So they were like, okay, he did mention it, and Jack, he does really good on stage.
Every year, because he always goes up there and something is bad press for Sony whenever
he walks up at E3.
He and his script writers handle it really well.
That was scripted because I can see the teleprompters from where I was.
And I knew how much of the entire press conference was actually scripted.
Oh, yeah.
They all were.
And he did a good job, and it stopped people from echoing them because that was one of
the things somebody asked me on Twitter is how many people were gonna interrupt the conference
yelling about the PSN hack, and nobody did because they addressed it right in the beginning
and said, hey, here's the elephant in the room.
Here it is.
We're sorry.
Going to some comments from our chat room at chat.worried.com, Rama in the chat room
says, that was not an apology, that was more of a thank you for the fans for sticking out.
That's a good way of putting it.
Yeah.
Technist says, yeah, it was okay.
It was mainly a canned response.
Dartitsuya says, better him than Kazurai.
Techie Q says, where was Kevin Butler?
Uh-huh.
Good question.
Did you spot Kevin Butler there?
No, I did not spot Kevin Butler.
He was there last year, but I think they're like, okay, we did that joke, and now we can
move on.
Kaijuto in the chat room, one of the comments here I want to get, Sony didn't need to apologize.
Free games and getting it back up was enough.
Not their fault.
Some dicks hacked them.
I just had to say, though, that it really did sound quite a bit more sincere than the
other canned stuff we had before.
Yeah, it was one of those things where it was like, it could have been a lot worse.
But seeing as like most of the Twittersphere at the end of the day seems to be dogging
on Microsoft and Nintendo, again, I'm making broad generalizations.
But most of the Twitter that I'm looking at is dogging on Microsoft and Nintendo, but
is kind of praising Sony, I would say, distraction successful.
I think that Sony-
Yes, that was a distraction event.
Right.
Well, but it's exactly what their PR needed.
Speaking of audience reaction, Bobby, since you were there, how was it when you, in the
theater, when it was announced that the PlayStation Vita is going to be exclusive 3G on AT&T?
Because I could tell you, we heard it pretty clear, how bad was it where you were?
Was it really a lot of groans?
It wasn't loud, but I mean, I heard like all the laughter of, yeah, we figured it and all
the groans.
And we could even see Kaz was kind of like not expecting that.
I think if he had said the word Verizon instead, it would have been a much different reaction.
But no, it was very, that was the one negative part of their press conference was that.
Yeah.
Nobody didn't present it very well, because honestly enough, I was in the chat.
I was watching online and so I was watching the people chatting in the sidebar and those
people are absolute blithering idiots, but they were just like, does that mean I can
only get it through AT&T?
And it's like, oh my God, please just die.
Well, and it just struck me as interesting because I feel like he started to say something
else like that deal had just been sealed within the past 48 hours.
He wasn't quite prepared to say that.
That's how it came across to me.
That's what E3 is all about.
I have AT&T on my iPhone.
I'm one of those people that's like, whatever.
I'm hoping there's a deal.
As we have iPhone plans, that doesn't mean that we get on for free.
Yeah.
I'm not buying a 3G, PS, Vita, Velveeta, whatever.
Screw that.
Just, you know, tether to your iPhone or tether to, you know, whatever.
Well, let's talk about the Vita.
Bobby, I'll let you start it off since you were there.
What was kind of the reaction to the Vita that you saw?
What did you observe?
The people that were around me, they're like, okay, why are they saying that this is the
first time we've ever had augmented reality on a handheld because of the cameras?
And you know, why are they saying that this is the first time you've been able to do such
and such when they're like listing features in the 3DS?
But a lot of people are saying, you know, okay, I can see why they're doing it.
They think it's priced too high.
It's also the first time they've done it on a PlayStation Portable.
They have the camera for their stupid new iPad game and also for, what was it, the Invisimals
and stuff like that.
Well, interesting because a lot of the folks I was seeing online were really happy with
that price point saying, oh, Nintendo, Sony's coming after your 3DS.
Let me ask the chatters in our chat room.
Are you convinced you need a PlayStation Vita?
Why or why not?
How was your reaction to the price announcement?
So chat.orangelandre.com.
And here's one of the things that somebody said was that if it had HDMI output, sold.
Interesting.
What about that whole...
Now...
Go ahead.
I did not get the PlayStation Vita.
They had it there, but it was a long ass line.
And I decided that taking part in their distraction boos was more important.
So I haven't been able to play the Vita yet, but they did have it there.
But nobody I knew stood in the line because, like I said, there was distraction boos.
Right.
Right.
You were kind of talking about the whole HDMI out and all that.
One of the games that...
And I'm sure this was the one that caught most people's attention was The Ruin, the
dungeon crawler where they were playing it on the PSP and then did the transferring.
So it's not just Konami doing this.
Well, I guess it was a little different, but the transferring concept, I guess you could
say, where they stopped on the PSP and then went right over to the PS3 and kind of picked
it up.
Right.
Do they need...
Yeah, and the question that I have about that is, do you have to be a PlayStation Plus member
for the cloud savings?
I would think so, yes.
But obviously those are the details they want to leave out.
Let me get to some of the immediate chat comments about the Vita.
Tiger Claw says, I got to admit, the PS Vita for $249.99 is a pretty good price given all
the tech that's in it.
Savalas in our chat room says, does my new Vita have a firewall to protect me from hacks?
Janai says, I will buy one, but it will feel like an updated PSP.
Frisbee U says, nope, price is okay, but doesn't have any good games.
Zappi says, I need a Vita, Uncharted, Wipeout, Little Deviants, and LittleBigPlanet look
great.
So lots of...
Now, Tiger Claw says something here, and I want to kind of point this out.
He says the PS Vita produced PS3 quality graphics.
That is incorrect.
It is comparable to the PS3 because the Vita has a smaller resolution, but it could not
do 1080p PS3 quality graphics.
It's because of the resolution of the screen is not 1080p.
It's able, and it's also the screen is smaller, it's able to get away with making something
that is comparable to the PS3, but it is not exact to the PS3.
Hence why maybe the HDMI output may not be such a good idea.
It may kind of ruin the quality.
Right.
And then you're going to get something that looks a little more PS2-ish when you actually
hook it up to your TV.
Right.
Let's talk about some of the other stuff that happened at Sony's press conference.
What about, well, there was obviously some new core Sony games shown, Uncharted 3, Resistance
3.
Any reactions to that?
I thought the Uncharted 3 looked kind of cool because there was a very Helen Mirren slash
Dame Judi Dench-esque villain in it.
She was awesome.
Yeah.
It went over well.
Everybody liked that, and a lot of people around me are like, why are they...
Because the people that were around me in the VIP section, they were older than me.
And they're like, God, do we really need more 3D?
Do we really need more...
Why are they pushing the 3D stuff on me?
So that was kind of mixed in my area.
I think it got more pop up in the seat.
But what's interesting is that they had Ken Levine come out to talk about him doing the
Vita, and they did not show Ratchet & Clank, which they had back there, and they didn't
show Twisted Metal, which they had playable on that floor at the end.
And so they left some of those out.
The only game I played after that was Little Big Planet 2 with the Move support.
Oh, what'd you think?
They did...
It was kind of what we expected.
It's not Sackboy's prehistoric move.
They did something a little different.
And I got to play some of the story level from the one in their minigames.
And the main tool that they give you is, I think it's like the brain-inator or something,
but it's where you actually move things.
So you're still playing Little Big Planet exactly the way that you're used to, with
the buttons and the sticks and everything, and you're just moving things around and bouncing
yourself off with some of these.
And they did a really good job with it, and then they've got a minigame that they had
in the play, where it's one of those, it's kind of like cut the rope a little bit, where
there's a ball at the top and you're trying to get it to the end, but you have to place
things.
And then when you release the ball, it kind of goes through this Rube Goldberg machine
that you've created.
Interesting.
And that was kind of neat.
So this is something that's going to be like free patch, free upgrade for Little Big Planet
2, right?
I believe so.
It's not something I'm going to have to buy separately.
And they better, because on the box of Little Big Planet 2, it says, better with PlayStation
Move.
It's got the Move logo, but it's not part of the game right now.
So I think that'd be kind of stupid if they put that on the box and then said, oh, but
you got to pay extra to get that part that's in the blue sticker on the front of the box.
It's just better if you own it.
It just makes you feel good.
Let me go to this comment in our chat room about the Move.
Technis says, was it me or was the Move almost nonexistent in the entire press conference
except for maybe four mentions and a game demo?
And yeah, that medieval game they were showing that used the Move, medieval moves, Deadman's
Quest, I got to admit, well, the facilitator they had doing it was probably their weakest
one of the whole press conference.
And I was-
Good job, Jeremy.
I was a little underwhelmed.
Good job, Jeremy.
I was a little underwhelmed.
Wasn't that the same guy that like showed up the stupid medieval tech demo last time
when they were first showing off the Move stuff?
The medieval tech demo last time was the sports champions thing, I think.
Yeah.
I think it's changed quite a bit.
I don't think...
Some of the ideas are probably still there, but I don't think any of the assets or anything
is still the same.
When they first showed it off, he was the guy demoing it.
Hmm.
Oh, same demo-er?
Maybe.
One of the other big moments of the Sony press conference was a special unannounced guest.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
What?
What?
There was another move being shown.
What's that?
Kobe Bryant came out and sucked at it.
I was just about to say that.
Yeah, the other big guest that was at Sony's press conference was the Kobe Bryant moment.
And I tweeted you and I'm like, quick, throw your shoe.
What kind of...
Yeah, but I liked my shoe too much.
What kind of reaction did Kobe get from the crowd?
Because it sounded very mixed.
It was...
I mean, he got some pops and, you know, yeah, I guess, you know, when he kind of made jokes
about himself or something, that got some reaction.
But it was, you know, we had partially a lot of answers for him.
Right, right.
It was a pretty resounding endorsement by him as well.
I mean, I'm sure he gets paid handsomely to say it, but still, you know, you couldn't
help but feel the little punch in the gut to EA after what happened to them last year.
So one of the big, big buzz things that happened at the Sony press conference was those 3D
monitors.
And, you know, one thing Sony has definitely learned from the past is how to get a price
right.
Because, you know, when the PlayStation 3 was first announced, there was a lot of heckling.
But now a lot of folks say the Vita is priced right.
And now a 3D television with resistance 3, 3D glasses, HDMI cable, $499.
3D monitor.
3D monitor, oh, so it won't actually get TV signal.
I guess it probably doesn't have an accessibility.
And it's probably, it's probably going to be sized like your computer monitor.
Like I don't know if they said what size it was.
24 inch.
24, so you're right on the money.
Yeah, 24 inch.
So that that's not really TV.
That's a monitor.
Also, I wanted to mention something because I know I'm going to go back, I'm watching
chat too.
That's fine.
Randy, you that E3 is the only place you can see Kobe play in June.
Actually most times at E3, the LA Lakers are in the NBA finals and we have to fight them
because the Staples Center is right next to E3.
That's true.
I'm actually glad he's not playing in June because that's hell.
Me too because that means traffic on Thursday won't be as bad as it was the year before.
But yeah, so well, I thought it was interesting the way he marketed it when they were, when
he was mentioning the new monitor.
It's perfect for a dorm room.
I thought that right there was like a huge, like we know exactly who needs this and who
our audience is for this.
And I think that was right on the money.
I think that's going to cause this thing to get on a lot of college wish lists this year.
So we'll see.
Except for me.
Except for you.
Not interested?
Oh yeah, because you don't, you don't do 3D.
I can't see the 3D and actually it screwed me up.
Like I was, because I was so close and at an angle and I put those glasses on because
they were showing a lot of us, a lot of trailers in 3D.
It was actually messing me up because I usually like, if I'm like looking straight at it,
it's fine.
Like it's just a darker 2D except for maybe some things that the edges, but being at that
angle, it, it sucks.
Now one thing that they said they were going to do with the 3D technology, this is the
stuff with the technology that I really am looking forward to and I would actually be
confused, is because they do the stutter technology, they have, you know, they actually implemented,
and I don't know if they're showing it here or not, where, you know, instead of having
each eye shutter differently, they have each pair of glasses shutter differently, you can
actually have two different screens, or people seeing two different images on the screen.
That is awesome.
Yeah, I thought that was pretty cool too and very Wave of the Future, very much so.
So I want to get to Nintendo here in a minute, but a couple of things I've got to, got to
mention out of the Sony press conference, we won't have time to hit everything, but
Dar Sakura, I know you had been looking at Star Trek the game and some of the announces
that were made around that.
Did you hear about the PlayStation move that's going to look like a phaser?
Why am I so not surprised either?
I, I, I'm not going to lie, it sounds kind of awesome actually.
I don't own a move yet and now I want to hold out and get one.
I would only have a move if it looked like a phaser.
I mean it really depends, like they didn't show a lot of the playable game and I don't
know if it's out there on the, well probably not, it's still a ways out and they don't
want to see the movie.
It's pre-alpha right now.
No, no, no.
I'm trying to get an appointment to see the game.
Oh, ho, ho, I hope you do.
I really hope you do.
I hope so too.
Yeah.
I want to count the lens flares.
But with anything that new, I'm going to keep my judgment reserved.
Right.
I don't think you can count that high.
But I mean they are investing a lot in this because it wasn't just this official game,
but I guess a PSN precursor, I guess what comes to mind, Dead Rising 2K0-esque thing
for the Star Wars game, or excuse me, Star Trek game is supposed to be there as well.
More information next year, a little closer to the movie's launch I'm sure.
Loki, I got to let you have a moment because they did mention at the PlayStation 3 conference
exclusives coming to Saints Row the 3rd and I know you've got to have an opinion on that
game.
I don't really care about the exclusives that they have coming to that.
I'm still getting on 360.
Really?
But what about the game itself?
The game is fucking amazing.
I saw some gameplay footage they had during an interview prior to one of the conferences
and they have a guy just doing wrestling moves on random pedestrians and then they even showed
the giant purple dildo weapon and stuff like that.
They're talking about the vehicle that you can suck people up into it and launch them
back out.
It's going to be awesome.
Basically they said that their goal was to make the most over the top game possible and
everything that they asked to do in there, where they thought they would truly get turned
down, they're like, nah, go ahead and do that.
So I can't wait.
I have to admit, I approve of that approach.
You know what?
Go big.
But here's the thing too, I watched this morning the trailer, they have a new trailer out there
for Postal 3 and I got to tell you, it looks like shit.
Because they're like, oh, look how edgy we are.
No, I'm sorry, Saints Row 3 blows that shit away.
Who gives a fuck that you have a guy dressed up like a nut sack?
Who cares?
There's a weapon that's a giant purple penis that you can hit people with in Saints Row
3.
If you want to do edgy, you're going to have to make a game based on the Human Centipede
part 2.
I don't know how much room we have for masturbating with barbed wire in a...
Hey, did you see on the PS Vita, and Dan, I know you are a Fighting Game fan stream.
Well, hang on.
Hang on.
Yeah, yeah.
I want to interject on the Saints Row thing real quick.
Go for it.
Because I haven't seen it yet, but they have done the most genius marketing here at E3.
What's that?
They bought or rented out for the week that parking lot across the street from Staples
Center and have offered free parking to all E3 attendees that get in there.
They have bikini models at the entrance trying to direct people in.
They've got tents in there, and they've got it all decked out in Saints Row.
Awesome.
I know where we're going Thursday.
No doubt.
All right.
Dan, I know you're a Fighting Game fan.
Jamie's giving her husband a stare down.
What?
Jamie, come on.
You know you want to see...
You know, this is radio, so no one can see that.
Jamie, even you have to admit boobies.
I just didn't want him to get to the boobies first.
There we go.
There'll be plenty of boobies to go around at E3.
Even I'll get some boobies.
All right.
Word.
And you'll like them.
Let me ask this question real quick, because you're a Fighting Game fan.
On the Vita, Street Fighter crossed Tekken, some of the first kind of footage of that
game in action.
You're a fan?
You a fan, Dark Zyra?
He want.
She loves Tekken.
Yeah?
Are you kind of...
Nah.
You feeling a little...
Like a 2D fighter?
Well it's that whole...
Made out of a 3D fighter?
Yeah.
Well...
It'll be cool.
That got very little reaction.
Well, it was...
The thing was, it was weird to me, because as much as I like that idea of Street Fighter
crossed Tekken, then they announced, okay, so it's Street Fighter world and Tekken world
collides, and then we're going to throw in Cole from Infamous, and it's like, what does
he have to do with anything?
Because Namco likes throwing in random characters.
Like, if we're going to put our Tekken franchise on the line here, we've got to have random
people who have nothing to do with the universe in it.
We can't have Darth Vader, so here's Cole.
Actually, since Namco's involved, why didn't they just put Kratos in there?
I know, right?
Everybody would have gave a shit if it was Kratos.
Besides, wouldn't it be funny just to see Kratos just hacking up Ryu?
Well, there's also that moment where, well, Kratos has now kind of already been done this
year in Mortal Kombat, so it would be a little much to do another fighter back to back like
that.
Oh yeah, he's in Mortal Kombat, he's not in Soul Calibur.
Yeah.
They needed, though, instead of Cole, they needed the iPad, have the iPad fucking shit
up in there.
No, they needed Sackboy.
Sackboy?
No, no, no, no.
Sackboy would have been amazing.
Now you guys are getting stupid.
No, no, no, it's not stupid, because keep in mind, Tekken 3, we had Gon.
That's right, you do have Panda.
Sackboy.
No, well Panda and Kuma were always part of the story, but, I mean, freaking Gon.
There's a bear fighting here, but, oh, Sackboy, that's ridiculous.
That's silly.
Oh, but you're playing a chibi dinosaur.
You can have shit.
You can punch him.
You can, oh, actually, I can make it all the way through Tekken Street mode with Gon.
All right, we gotta get to the next press conference this morning, Nintendo.
Let's talk about Nintendo for a little bit.
I'm gonna leave the room so that I can actually hear Loki without going deaf.
What's that, Bobby?
You don't want me to talk about James' addiction?
Do you want to, oh, yes!
I totally forgot to ask Bobby about what happened behind the scenes at the Sony press conference
before we get to Nintendo, because, yo, when we're watching at home, it cuts out at the
end, but you were there for, what, like two and a half more hours, right?
Yeah, it ended at 10.
Wow.
So what was happening, James?
Basically, at the end of the press conference, the entire stage went away, and that's where
all their demo kiosks were, and they brought food, lots of food, like grilled cheese sandwiches
and pasta salad and cookies and cupcakes and other, like, it was great.
And then beer and alcohol flowing open bar, and then at nine o'clock, James' Addiction
comes on.
Oh, James Addiction.
I'm like, okay, I saw them in Activision last year, so I'm good.
But they came out and did an hour set.
And for no particular reason than, hey, we got James Addiction, because we're Sony.
They better have been caught stealing.
They had Mixmaster Mike there, too.
I love him, too.
Yeah.
Wow.
But him, they had all their trailers of their games, but it was messing with the color and
everything, and that was kind of the visuals around.
But they also had all these, like, scantily clad women on top of the stage's areas that
were still doing, like, doing slow dances and stuff, and it was the techno music.
And it was kind of weird, because we're sitting there playing video games while there's, like,
a hot chick above us, like, kind of doing a pole game.
So I guess they knew their audience.
All right.
So, and how many Sony beers did you have again?
What?
How many Sony beers did you have again?
Honestly, because they had crappy beers, only one.
Tonight is the night that I'm going to have way too many beers.
All right, all right.
Well, then we gotta, we gotta get-
They had crappy beer?
I'm so sorry.
We gotta get through Nintendo's press conference so that Bobby can get to the beer drinking.
But you know what?
Bobby, with all due respect, I gotta let Loki kick this one off.
So Loki, why don't you give us a little report on Nintendo's press conference?
So Nintendo came out and basically showed off some of their 3DS stuff, and no one cared.
No.
No, they talked, first they started off actually by talking about the Zelda 25th anniversary
edition.
Which was awesome.
Which, you know, they had, like, an orchestra.
They had an orchestra, and they had Miyamoto out there, and my Zelda fanboy soul was like,
yes!
It was beautiful.
And then they were talking about how they're kind of celebrating it on all the different
platforms.
For the 3DS, of course you had, you know, the Game Boy Color Zelda game that's available
for download on there.
It's gonna be the first one in the Game Boy Color Virtual Console lineup.
I bought it.
Sucker!
And then for the Nintendo Wii, obviously, you know, Skyward Sword is gonna be available
later this year.
For the DSiWare, which I'm assuming also means the 3DS as well, they're gonna have Zelda
the Four Swords Adventure as a free download, which is kinda cool.
Too bad that's not playable by itself, though.
And then of course they're also gonna do some sort of pre-order bonus for the 3DS with Ocarina.
That you're gonna be able to get a music CD with the soundtrack from the game for if you
register the game quite early on the Nintendo, you know, club thing.
And then of course they're gonna do some sort of orchestra, you know, live shows and stuff
like that with the Zelda music.
It's gonna be all over the world.
And then they're gonna have a CD for that that's gonna be available with the Skyward
Sword game.
And then 3DS stuff, they showed off, you know, the new Mario game, which looks kinda cool.
It's kind of like a cross between Mario Galaxy and like Mario 64, which is not bad.
And then Star Fox, they showed a little bit of that.
I mean, it's just souped up Star Fox 64.
What else did they show?
Luigi's Mansion 2, which is, you know, supposed to be, you know, brand new for that and stuff.
And I called that there was gonna be an augmented reality game where you hunt ghosts with the
camera.
I still think there is, but they just haven't announced that yet because it makes sense.
With like the Face Raiders stuff.
I just wanna know why Luigi's Mansion, because the first one was crap.
It has its fans.
Actually the best part of it was when you went into the attic and then the lightning
would flash and then his shadow would be hanging by a noose.
So and then, okay, so they do the Kid Icarus and all these 3DS games.
The Kid Icarus and then Mario Kart, what the fuck's up with Mario Kart, okay?
Mario Kart, now with, you know, monster trucks and, you know, hang gliders.
And that's innovative.
And they were like, you've never, you've never raced this game before.
And like all the first few tracks that they were showing were all tracks from other games.
I'm like, actually, yes, I have raced every single one of those.
And then they decide, hey, you know what, let's talk about this new console that we've
got.
And of course what they do, they don't show the console, because, you know, that would
be too easy.
So they show the controller and the controller is basically everything that was rumored to
be.
It's, you know, it looks like it's made out of the plastic that's from the nunchuck or
something like that.
It's got the tiny stuff and it's got the, you know, 6.2 inch touch screen.
And then they go to say, hey, what are we calling this thing?
Uh, well, you know how everybody hated the name Wii, but then they eventually got used
to it and stuff.
We got another one for you.
Wii U.
What?
I, like, seriously, they said Wii U is the name of that.
I was like, what?
My brain hurts for how stupid this is.
But, you know, people will get used to it.
They could still change their mind.
You know, Dan and I were saying before the show, like, what if they had just called it
the Nintendo U?
I think that would have been, like, U as in Ultra IDK, like, I think Nintendo U would
have been fine.
No, well, here's the problem.
They have to do Wii because people are fucking stupid and they're not gonna understand.
I can use my Wii stuff with, see, then they know that they can use their Wii stuff with
it.
Great.
The problem is, is already everyone's kind of half assuming, I thought it was a new system,
not just a new controller.
And it is a new system.
It is a new system.
Dura does HD.
People don't know that.
They're just like, oh, I just use it with my existing Wii.
I know Bobby is dying to jump in here in a minute here, but let me let Loki wrap up here.
What other impressions did Wii U leave you with?
It's a neat piece of hardware, but it just seems so gimmicky to me.
I'm sorry.
It's just, how expensive is it?
Some of the graphics, like their little tech demo pre-rendered thing looked kind of cool
and what it does.
But the whole conference, they didn't fucking announce anything.
Oh, okay.
They hinted that Smash Brothers is coming to the Wii U and 3DS.
They hinted at that.
And then they said, oh, but that's gonna be a while now.
Yeah, just like they hinted at Pikmin coming out.
And how long has that been?
Oh, wait, it's still not out yet.
So Smash Brothers, oh, let's get them all excited and promise this game that's not gonna
come out for two years.
And then Wii U, and I'm sorry, it's just, like the tech demos they showed off, it's
like, oh, hey, look, I can play Wii Sports Golf and I can put this controller on the
ground and make it so I can see a ball there and stuff.
All right, Bobby's been waiting patiently.
Bobby, what do you think about them showing just a controller and not really showing the
specs of the console off?
Wii U, Wii U, Wii U, Wii U.
Sorry.
Gun pal under the piss.
Is there a fire truck driving by?
So, well, first I want to jump in because we started with the 3DS stuff.
Sure, go ahead.
And I do want to mention that I have, like, 100 street pass me now.
It's, like, awesome.
I've almost got, like, all the puzzle pieces of all puzzles.
But I played Mario Kart 3DS because they had a couple of games out in intense and stuff.
And I actually did play it and I enjoyed it.
It is Mario Kart.
I mean, all the same tricks on how to, you know, boost around corners and stuff is still
there and stuff.
But to me, it was Mario Kart meets Diddy Kong Racing.
How so?
With all the different ways that you could, you know, like, either you would be a plane
or you'd go underwater, which they didn't really do underwater in Diddy Kong Racing.
But, like, with the planes and stuff and monster trucks and having the different types of vehicles
and stuff.
So that's kind of what it reminded me of.
But it was still Mario Kart and, you know, it's, for fans of Mario Kart, it's a lot of
it.
Yeah.
See, that's the problem right there.
Okay?
Here's basically what Nintendo's innovation is.
All right.
What can we add to this to make it better?
Oh, let's add some more vehicle types.
Do people really give a shit about more vehicle types?
What they want you to do is they want you to come up with some new tracks and stop fucking
repeating tracks from every goddamn game that you've already released.
It would be nice to hear just a tinge about the online capability because 3DS already
has better online than the Wii.
So it'd be, I would like to hear more about that, but Bobby?
Well, I mean, the tracks that they had in the demo that I played, you know, because
the ones, like, that went underwater, you know, and there is, you know, different physics
underwater.
And, you know, gliding through the air and having to determine where you're going to
glide and when you're going to go up and down.
So I mean, the demo had new tracks.
I don't recognize any of the tracks that were in the demo.
Now, the trailer probably showed tracks that you might have seen, you know, segments of
tracks that you've seen before, but, you know, like, yeah, there's a track that looks like
the Donkey Kong tracks from the N64, but it's not the same layout.
It just has the same scenery.
So don't write it off based on the three second stiffness in the trailer because it does change
it enough.
Yes, it's still Mario Kart, and yes, it's still, you know, not new but fun, maybe.
I don't know.
It's just like how they thought-
You know, a lot of people are like, what's wrong with more of what I like?
It's just like how they thought it was necessary to put motorcycles in the Wii version.
Who gives a shit?
It's a kart racing game.
You don't need fucking motorcycles.
Oh, now let's put monster trucks in there.
Who cares?
Well, then it would be more like a side truck if they did that.
Look at-
No, no.
See, here's what they do if it's a side truck.
Oh, let's put jet engines in there and put, you know, let's put boats.
All right.
Look-
Excite boats.
Since we're talking 3DS, let me throw out-
That's going to happen.
We've just put that out in the atmosphere.
Nintendo right now has just started to work on excite boats.
Let me throw out this question for the chat room.
For all you folks in chat who do not currently own a 3DS, are you interested in 3DS now?
They showed more titles.
I thought it was interesting, and that's the question I've got for our chat, chat.orangetouch.com.
Are you interested in a 3DS now?
Because I thought it was interesting because leading into that, Reggie, and Reggie just
showed why he was Reggie.
And he said something, and Bobby, maybe you can help fill me in here.
He said something like, well, you want to see the same old stuff again, but you want
to see innovation.
And he goes kind of like, conflict, fine.
We can handle that.
That's our industry.
Here you go.
We're fucking Nintendo.
Suck it down.
Yes.
Let's see innovation.
Hey, you will like it.
Let's talk innovation, Nintendo.
Let's start off.
Innovation is deeper and wider.
That's what she said.
What?
What?
No.
Let's talk innovation here, Nintendo.
Animal Crossing.
Now you can sit on park benches and go swimming.
It's the same fucking game still.
Same damn game.
Same everything.
There's the same patterns.
I even saw the screenshots.
The same fucking patterns that have been in that game since it first came out on the goddamn
GameCube or in this stupid game.
Actually, it came out on Nintendo 64.
I understand that, but over here- For God's sake, it's fucking Animal Crossing.
Who cares?
I care because you know what?
They get away with this shit with every goddamn franchise that they have because their fans
love it.
You know what?
Your fucking Smash Brothers come out.
I bet you that it's going to be all the fucking same characters again.
Fuck, they're just going to pork that shit from the Wii is what's going to end up happening.
But that's what makes it a franchise.
Dark Sakura.
I want it.
I want the Smash Brothers too.
Animal Crossing.
I was actually going to start playing my GBA one again.
Then I have to ask as a follow-up, why?
Because I watched the anime last night and it was super cute and I was like, I remember
this in the game.
I remember that in the game.
I miss playing it.
You can ask Dan.
He was here the whole time.
As soon as they took out Unlock-A-Whole-Nest games, fuck that franchise.
Bobby, do you think it's odd that they left Animal Crossing and Paper Mario out of the
conference totally?
Well, except for, I guess, logos at the end?
I think that they felt they had enough that they were showing that they didn't teach you.
What I was actually surprised at is that there were no live demos of games.
They didn't bring those two out to show people.
Is that maybe because the whole 3D, 2D thing?
No, no, I'm talking about the Wii U.
Oh, excuse me.
I moved on already.
Oh, sorry, sorry.
But they didn't bring it out.
They showed videos, but I'm like, is it even here?
Because I'm seeing all these conceptual videos and stuff.
I didn't even think it was even at E3, because usually they would have brought it out or
something.
Tethered to lovely-looking ladies, right?
Yeah.
Let me get to some of the feedback from our chat room on the 3DS, and then we'll move
into Wii U.
For the non-3DS owners, are you interested in a 3DS now?
Gio Videa says, no, can't use the 3D on the 3DS anyway.
Burr says, still not interested.
Dungeon Buster, not really.
Blender, not interested in the 3DS at all.
So there's some of the negatives.
But then we get some other positives.
Dark Tetsuya, oh, definitely.
New Mario Kart looks neat.
Yay, Tanooki suit.
I think he might be, or was Tanooki suit in Mario Kart, or is he just blurring the other
Mario game?
He's talking about the...
He's blurring them.
All right.
Defective Candy says, no, I'm not impressed with the 3DS.
Lacklustre title still, and the system was not even done when it came out.
I'll stick to my DSi until they discontinue making games for it.
Frisbee U, no, we don't want to see the same stuff again.
Technus, I want Star Fox 64 3DS, but the picture thing was so fucking stupid.
So no.
Interesting, because there's not a lot of yeses.
And here's the thing about Star Fox, that he was talking about fucking innovation, how
you can tilt it to, you know, you can optionally, I guess, tilt it to control, you know, your
ship.
Yeah, except it fucks up the 3D when you do that, dumbass.
Oh, no kidding.
Let's put tilt controls on a 3D game that requires you to keep the system at an actual
view so that you can see the 3D.
I guess that's for people who don't give a shit about 3D, but then again, why the fuck
are you buying, you know, a 3DS sim?
Or better yet, why the fuck are you buying a game that came out on the Nintendo 64?
Oh, because that's innovation for Nintendo.
We can port old shit and make it slightly better.
The hobby wants to jump in.
Well, I mean, I am a 3DS because it's a higher resolution top screen.
For me as well, like, I bought a 3DS because I skipped the DSi and I skipped the DSi XL
and I, you know, the last one I had owned was a DS Lite, so I thought, eh, it's time
for upgrade.
Why not?
That's why I did it.
But anyway, let's move on to Wii U because I know Bobby wants to move on.
Let me throw a question out to chat that we'll get to in a minute.
And then I want to talk, Bobby, your time with the hands-on Wii U.
On a scale of 1 to 10, chatters, 10 being very and 1 being not at all, I'm sounding
like a club Nintendo survey, but I'm just kind of curious here, 1 being not at all,
how interested are you in Wii U?
Scale of 1 to 10, 1 not at all, 10 very.
Bobby, you got your hands on it after four hours of waiting, right?
What do you think?
First off, what I want to say is I want to give a history lesson.
Back in 2005 at Nintendo's press conference, they decided that they were going to show
this brand new revolutionary control scheme.
And they showed the remote and they did, you know, that was when, you know, Miyamoto came
out, flashing Zelda swords and all that stuff.
And they showed it.
And when you played the games, you realized they were running on Gamecubes.
And that's where the whole joke of two Gamecubes tucked together came from.
In 2006, they actually showed the console that the controller was for.
Fast forward to 2011, they are showing the controller for their next console, but they're
not telling you that much about the console itself.
They're focusing on the input mechanism.
Next year, we're actually going to see more of the console.
Now, the demos that they're showing here are running on new hardware, but it's not like
they even like to show a box there, but I was actually told that's not running anything.
It's like running, there's a PC back there, running a, you know, a souped-up Wii dev kit.
And that's what they're running things off of.
So they're not ready to talk about the console yet.
They're trying to get people to concentrate on the controller and the conceptual demos.
There is not a single retail game being shown, except, well, okay, there's one retail game
and it's a third-party game that's being shown here at E3 for the Wii U.
So I kind of wanted to straighten that out.
Which one is that, the Lego game?
Huh?
Which, what's the third-party game?
The Lego game?
Uh, no.
They're showing Ghost Recon online.
Oh.
Wow, okay.
You know what, though, Bobby, you're wrong because those are going to be an actual game
because that's what Wii Sports and Wii Play ended up being.
It's all those tech demos and they've had, hey, you know what, we're going to be innovative.
We're going to slap that shit together, kind of duct tape it a little bit, and throw it
out with a controller because people are suckers and they want free controllers.
But Bobby, that should make Bobby happy because that Chase Me is basically Pac-Man Versus.
Pac-Man Versus is awesome.
Right.
And what I'm saying is, like, people are, you know, when people look at these stuff
they're going to be like, wow, they're going to make me pay 50 bucks for Chase Me.
No, they're not going to make you pay 50 bucks for Chase Me.
They're going to make you pay 50 bucks for Chase Me, Battle Me, and all that other stuff.
But I mean, they were very adamant with me when I talked to people that actually worked
at Nintendo and weren't just hired for the Wii.
As you can tell, by the way, because the people that worked at Nintendo have QR codes of their
knees on their badge that you can scan.
But they actually were very adamant saying these are conceptual demos.
These are not final products.
These are to get your mind working and trying to tell you this is the type of stuff you
can do.
Yes, we may see, you know, the shield pose game and Chase Me and Battle Me in some kind
of compilation, but not as stand-alone games.
The only stand-alone games, like, they had the Mario game running there and then, you
know, goes online running.
But the rest were tech demos.
Just so you guys know, the feedback on a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being very, 1 being not at
all, how interested are you in the Wii U?
I see lots of, it's just all over the board.
There's some 9s, but there's also some 1s.
There's a 0 from Joe Videa.
A lot of 5s and 4s, and then like a 6.
So there's a universal meh.
It's all over.
And that's because, it's because it's all conceptual right now.
People aren't seeing final products right now.
And you know, even the hardware isn't finalized.
And they didn't really emphasize enough that, you know, this is a new console.
You could actually walk away from there, and even I thought, this is just a new controller
for my Wii.
And you know, right now you're playing some of the games with Wii Remote, it's got a Wii
sensor bar underneath each TV, even though there's a sensor bar in the Wii Wii controller.
But essentially, I eat this out of them.
The console is called the Wii U, and they haven't named the controller yet.
I want to name it Bob.
I just wonder this, are we ready for the era of the game controller to cost $100 plus?
I don't think it will, because that touch screen is not, it's a cheap, it's the DS touch
screen.
I called it on Sunday's show in Summerguard.
But it's a 6 and a half.
It's larger.
Well, I don't think, I still think, it's a lot larger.
I don't know.
7980.
Yeah, but it's larger, but it's not multi-touch.
So that's one big thing.
Bobby went, go ahead.
Yeah, go ahead, finish your thought, sorry.
So it didn't seem to be like, I couldn't do any multi-touch stuff.
Maybe their current demos don't have multi-touch, but yeah, I mean, it's just a larger version
of the DSi screen.
Bobby, were there any demos that were using more than one of those controllers on the
same system?
Because that was something I noticed at the conference, none of the games were using more
than one of those controllers.
Everything was supplemented with additional Wiimotes.
I didn't get a good look at Battle.me.
That was the only one that might have.
But everything else, it was either, you know, it was a one-player experience, or, you know,
it was one person using that, and then four Wiimotes.
I think I watched a video of Battle.me on Nintendo's website, and I want to say the
person flying the spaceship was using the controller, and everybody else was on a Wiimote,
so no, if the videos are to be the definitive answer.
I thought that was interesting.
Like, maybe the price of the controller really isn't going to be such an issue, because they
aren't really going to have you, or want you to have more than one.
Maybe the games aren't really going to need more than one.
That's baloney.
That sounds to me like just the whole thing with the GBA connector.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
It's the same theory.
Why don't they just make a connector for the DS?
Here's the thing.
The controller is not creating any graphics, and I think that might be why.
They're actually...
The graphics on the controller is being created by the Wii Wii Wii Wii, and it's being sent
wirelessly with very little lag to the controller.
That makes sense, and that's some technology you can see right now in the PS3 and the PSP.
You can log into your PS3 on your PSP.
It's a very little advertised feature, but you can fire up your PSP and log into your
PS3 and see the image on your PSP, and it does work.
And remember back when Kasarai was first showing Ridge Racer, the original concept was that
that PSP was supposed to be your rear view mirror.
We never saw that really fully realized, but the idea was out there a while ago.
If no one minds actually if I go back to an old point, because she just made the point
to me.
Sure.
But Sierra has said that as a person who bought around eight different versions of Final Fantasy
VII, I don't care if it's the same game.
Talk about back to the Animal Crossing thing.
The fans will buy it if they like it, so that's why it says the same thing.
Then the fans can't complain when they say, oh, well, it's just the same game, they didn't
do anything.
Four, not seven.
Bobby, you're in a unique position that none of us, and probably most of our chatters and
even listeners are in tonight, where you're the only one that's actually held one of these
Wii U's.
So coming out of there, how are you, because I know you said at the end of the press conference
you were feeling a little meh, but coming out of the demo, are you thinking you're going
to buy a Wii U, or are you kind of like, I need to see more next year?
I want to hand Nintendo my wallet, and they say here, take it.
And what was it about it that just made you go, I'm sold?
Well, I can actually contextualize a lot more, and I can see where they're going with it
and a lot of the neat stuff that they're doing, and the neat gameplay that they're doing with
that, and what they can do.
I can kind of see where they're going with it, which a lot of people usually can't.
When they first announced the DS, everybody was like, why would I want a touch screen
on my game?
And now iPhone games are really popular.
And I could see where that was going, and nobody else could figure out why would I want
a touch screen gaming system.
I actually saw, when I first saw the DS, here's why you'd want a touch screen gaming system.
I could actually see it, and it's true.
And a lot of people are like, oh, this is a gimmick and all that stuff.
And a lot of Nintendo's innovations have been copied by everybody else, and they were called
gimmicks at first, like Rumble was a gimmick.
And now we have touch screens on everything, motion controls are on everything.
I think that Nintendo is going to innovate in this space, and you're going to see in
a couple years other companies copied them, and it's not the first time they've done this
because they've already done the GameCube, Game Boy Advance thing.
So they've already got a track record of some of the stuff they already know.
Very, very interesting response.
I know this is all speculation at this point, no one knows, but any idea when this thing
might hit shelves?
Does it seem like, no, we're going to have another E3 where we see the Smash Brothers
and we see the games, and we're going to talk Holiday 2012, or is this going to be a 3DS
style launch where you think maybe it's coming March?
Holiday 2012.
It'll be Holiday 2012.
Just from being in retail, Nintendo always saves the machines for Christmas.
But not the 3DS?
No, no, not the portables.
No, this is coming from one of those guys that has the QR code on his badge.
Oh, okay.
So that's the official word, then.
Bobby, what did you think about the analog 6 being above the actual D-pad and the face
buttons?
That's a little backwards compared to the controllers now.
3DS is that way.
It felt natural.
All right.
All right.
Because of where the triggers are, there's the triggers and then the LB and the RB, but
because of where they are, that is the exact position your thumb would really want to be
if you wanted to use the dual analog sticks.
Bobby, if I'm not mistaken, you were kind of in this wee line yourself and doing this
whole thing, kind of going in there by yourself.
Now, I know when I'm in a big environment like that by myself, because I did E3 myself
one year, or at least one of the days, and one of the things that I couldn't help but
do was listen to other people around me and do a little bit of people watching.
Yes, I was being a little nosy.
Were you doing any of that maybe in the Nintendo booth and kind of picking up some of the buzz
from people around you?
Not really, because everybody around me spoke different languages.
Touche.
All right.
But, I mean, people were generally, they had been in that line for so long, they weren't
really enthusiastic except for in the shield pose game where you kind of have to be, but
you know, some people, it seemed like they got a decent response.
I think the hate that's on the internet is not on the show floor.
Okay.
A lot of questions from chat.
We have a couple, chat.ownerswannatraday.com.
Frisbee U says, Bobby, does the controller feel too big?
And Jenai asks, how heavy is the controller?
The controller is actually lighter, or it's about the same as my iPad.
If I don't have a cover on it, it feels about the same weight as my iPad does.
Okay.
And how did it feel?
And as for, it felt natural, like, I mean, you think it's big, but then you hold it and,
you know, I mean, I had normal-sized hands, and it felt fine, because you're not reaching
all the way down to the bottom.
Like, all the buttons are easily accessible.
You know, it's, you know, yeah, it's also, I mean, it's also a prototype controller as
well.
It could change at the end, and it was also, like, tied down, like, four different ways.
You couldn't take it.
But that probably added the weight as well.
But no, it felt natural.
It felt, it was lighter than I expected.
D.R. Froyev, I don't even think you would know the answer to this, but maybe some buzz.
What is the battery life like on that Wii U controller?
We didn't hear anything about, like, is it batteries, is it charge, how does it work?
Nothing on that.
Well, it was wired when I played it.
Ah, so maybe it's feeding, well, no, because they showed in the other concept videos, it's
going to be wireless.
We talked about beaming the image wirelessly, but it's too early now, it's early on.
The proto pictures I've seen online look like they have a charge port on them.
I want to know what this parrot has to do with anything.
Bobby?
It's just in a demo.
What?
I'm sorry, you were going to say something, we were cutting you off.
No, it was just, it's wired here, it's a prototype, I mean, things change, you know, I mean, the
3DS didn't really change all that much, but I remember, like, the original DS was different
when it came out, so this is the prototype thing, it could change its layout, I don't
even think they know what the tech specs are going to be in the final product.
Alright, let's move on from Nintendo a little bit, Bobby, because I know, but what?
I gotta say one thing.
Alright, yes please, Logie.
I gotta say, cycling sounds awesome!
What?
Didn't you ever see, didn't you see that part where they're doing the FaceTime thing?
Let's go cycling!
Cycling sounds awesome!
Actually, I do have one question about the controller itself.
How is it ergonomically?
Like I said, when I held it, my fingers went to all the right places, and it, like, on
the back, which you don't get to see all that much, there is actual grooves for you to hold
with your three fingers that aren't playing with the triggers, and it felt, it felt good,
I mean, it was like, I picked it up, and my hands were in the right place, it didn't hurt,
or anything, they've got it ergonomically sound for at least my size hands.
That's what I was wondering about, because it was actually, people were talking about
the original Xbox controller, about it being massive and huge and too big for everybody,
and I was like, well I wonder if this thing, and then I looked at it, and from the front,
it doesn't look like it's very ergonomically comfortable.
But again, on the back, it's got grooves on the back that, well, for you to hold onto
and for your fingers to naturally curve around.
Well, see, I was thinking the same logic, though, with the Saturn dual analog controller
on the front, it doesn't look like it would be very comfortable, but it's one of the most
comfortable controllers there are.
Yeah.
So, yeah, I was wondering if it was along the same lines.
Yeah.
Okay, so for real now, moving on from Nintendo, because Bobby wants to go to some parties,
so we gotta let him go soon, but Bobby, any other observations from the show floor today?
Was your whole day Wii U, or did you get to see some other stuff?
I had an appointment with EA Sports, so I got to play the pre-alpha build of the new
SSX, and I can see that people who like SSX are really gonna like this.
They've talked about how they've got this snow avalanche system that is dynamic, like
it's not split second or anything that has these predetermined catastrophic events.
They actually say that they take the stability of the area, how stable it is, to see if that
actually affects more snow or stops the snow, and that's one of the modes where you're trying
to survive, not die, you're trying to get down this mountain without getting crushed
by snow.
It's very uplifting.
But they did basically Google Earth, it was kind of funny, they licensed with NASA topography
data of the entire world, and they said it's nice to have friends in high places, that
was their pun, and they had all the major mountain ranges, and you can pick those mountains
to go down, and it's the actual mountains from the actual NASA topography data, and
those are the mountains that you go down.
And they've done some things with it, like one of the mountains that's on the China border,
they decided they were gonna put pieces of the Great Wall of China in there that you
could grind off of and stuff, though it's not completely realistic.
But it's still, it's a lot more than they've done in the past.
But it worked well, I mean, it's not a final build by any means, there was some lag in
it, but I mean, that's because it's a pre-alpha build.
Interesting.
So basically, I saw that, they showed me some stuff about HEPA, which I'm not a huge Docker
fan, but it was kind of neat, some of the stuff they did, so I saw that, and then I
walked through Microsoft's booth to see what was kind of in there, and I'm going to go
play that Disneyland Connect game, because I know where I'm going Friday.
And Friday is a research trip.
Friday is a research trip.
But apparently in the demo, like I guess in the briefing, because I didn't see the briefing
I was in the air, but apparently I guess it cuts off at the end of the Peter Pan ride?
In the presser?
I think so, yeah, I just thought it was a time thing, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, it cuts off, apparently you do actually fight Captain Hook.
Now they showed that a little bit.
Interesting.
Maybe it was in a video or something, alright.
What else?
There was that, and then I walked by and I immediately thought of ROG, because there
were these four chicks wearing black dresses up on a stage, doing the time warp.
From the Rocky Horror Picture Show?
And I just had to get pictures.
And so this means they're doing a Rocky Horror Picture Show video game?
Yay!
Yes!
Yes, it is called Glee Karaoke Revolution 2.
Ugh.
No.
You've mentioned the four-letter G word.
Therefore I must go in-
I even took video for you.
Oh, wait, here we go, here we go.
You mentioned the four-letter G word, now I must go throw up.
Well, yes, and I did get the picture, thank you Bobby.
Did you get some hands on time with anything else?
Not really.
I mean, I did, I stopped by, I have a friend who works at Double Fine, and I walked by
and played Trenched, which is their Xbox Live arcade game, which is a third-person mech
tower defense game, where you're fighting waves and waves of enemies, and you can drop
turrets and different things like a tower defense game, but then you're also in this
mech shooting at them, and running around and stuff.
It was two-player offline because I was playing with the person standing next to me on his
console.
Unfortunately, this demo, they dropped you at a mission that's like in the last third
of the game, so you've already gone through the tutorial by this point and all that stuff,
and it was a little confusing key because I haven't really done much with the game,
but I can see people liking it.
It's not over the top like you'd expect from Kim Schafer, though.
So what's on deck for you tomorrow?
What are your plans?
I know we mentioned it at the top of the show, but I'm sure you want to talk about your Twitter
project.
Right, I have two appointments tomorrow, and other than that, I'm letting people direct
me.
My two appointments, just so people kind of know, at one o'clock, I'm going to visit a
Georgia company, because being in Georgia, I actually have contacts there.
I'm going to go to CCP Games, where they just announced that Dust 514 is a PlayStation 3
exclusive, and they're actually going to show the connectivity between Dust 514 on the PlayStation
3 and Eve Online, the Excel spreadsheet simulator on the PC.
I'm very curious about that, because we miss that with so much coming out of Sony.
But yeah, I'm very interested in this whole, how does this game impact the MMO of Eve Online?
Very interested.
Yeah, and I am too, because I have played Eve a little bit, so I actually understand
the universe and stuff, so I'm going to go in there and see them.
And then at four o'clock, I do have a Bethesda appointment, where I'm going to get to see
the demo of Skyrim that everybody else has seen already.
Yeah, I guess it was on TV.
I think we saw a portion of what will be a longer demo for you.
I heard it's a 30-minute demo behind the doors, so very curious about that.
So good, those are two games we can definitely talk more about tomorrow.
And so if folks want to follow you on Twitter?
Bobby Blackwolf.
And tomorrow also, I'm going to be trying to hit Atlas, so if you have any specific
questions about Catherine or any of other Atlas games, I'm probably going to hit them
after the CCP appointment, because they're next door.
And our Chibi Wolf picture?
I'm going to go try to find Natsume and get your Chibi Wolf picture and everything.
Yay!
Need to go play Scenes Row 3.
I need my cowl.
Let me, actually, the one thing, not to load you up with assignments, Bobby, but there
is a couple, maybe you already know the answers to a couple of these, but there's two things
that are kind of missing right now, where I'm like, what happened to...
One of them is Grand Theft Auto V. Everybody was convinced Grand Theft Auto V was debuting
at E3, and we have heard nothing.
It's gone.
It's not there, right?
I have not seen it.
And then the other big question mark is, what the hell's Activision doing?
Yeah, they've got a booth.
I'll go stop by them, but I think they're doing this little game that's called Modern
Warfare 3.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
They're fine.
Don't know if you've heard of it.
Well, but still, when Activision is a huge company like EA and EA, I could name easily
like 10 games EA we know they're doing.
Activision's got maybe a couple, you know.
I'd like to know.
No, they have more than that.
Yeah, but where's the bungee game?
Where's, you know, I just thought there'd be more coming out from Activision.
Maybe because of lack of press conference.
I don't know.
Any music games?
Yeah, they've scaled back.
Yeah.
Mm.
Very interesting.
Yeah, it's Modern Warfare 3 for them, X-Men Destiny, Spider-Man, uh, where are they?
Spyro.
Well, the Activision, if I'm not mistaken, was awesome.
Spyro, cha-ching, Skylanders is what that's called.
It's basically, hey, guess what, we're gonna charge you $70 for the starter kit, and then
if you want your individual, you know, collect them all figurines that you can use for playable
characters in the game, those are each gonna cost you $8.
If I'm not mistaken, wasn't Activision also at one time the company that said, we're just
not doing E3 anymore?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
And their big title now is so big that they're just like, we don't need E3, really.
You know, if they're gonna do a show, we'll make an appearance, but we don't want to spend
the money or the time.
Well, then I hope Battlefield 3, you know, blows the shit out of them, because that game
looks nice.
Everybody wants to see Activision put in their place.
Everybody wants to see Activision put in their place.
Yeah, I just watched, like, a mission, there was like a tank mission or whatever that they're
showing with Battlefield 3.
It's just amazing.
I mean, Call of Duty, it's pretty action-packed.
Ultra-realistic-looking wargame!
Wow!
Another one!
But it looks way better, though.
They all look great, but I mean, it's just like, awesome!
We gotta let Bobby go find some...
I have...
No, no, hang on, I gotta respond to something in here in chat.
Kaijuto says, the reason why there isn't a GTA 5 is because Agent is coming up with the
GTA 5.
Now, I can't remember who exactly I heard this from, but it was from somebody I trust.
Apparently, they heard somebody ask, I think it was Jack Trenton, is Agent still a PS3
exclusive?
And his response was, you'll have to ask Rockstar about that.
Hmm, interesting.
Bobby, we gotta let you go find some good beer in LA.
But before we do, I can't imagine anyone that listens to Orange Lounge Radio doesn't already
know about your show, but just in case there's like the one person that doesn't, tell us
a little bit about your show.
I'm the opening band.
Stop.
And I am on at 8 p.m. Eastern, 5 p.m. Pacific, right before Orange Lounge Radio.
It's me talking for about 30 minutes, and then I take calls and everybody tells me I'm
wrong for the next 20 minutes, and then I goof off with Rob and Dark Talker for 10 minutes,
and that's my show.
That is my entertainment.
And it's at All Games Radio, it's where it's live, or bobbyblackwolf.com is the website
where I've almost, you know, I'm not as old as they all are, but I'm coming upon the ears
next month.
That's still very impressive.
Very impressive.
You're still a big boy.
You can sit at the big kids' table.
All right, well, Bobby, we'll be talking to you again tomorrow and have a lot of fun at
E3 tomorrow and just play as many games as you can, all right?
I will.
I mean, Thursday also is wide open.
I don't have any appointments on that day, so, you know, if I don't get through it tomorrow,
I want to get through it Thursday, and I want to say, because some people don't believe
me when I say this, is they started asking me, go ask Microsoft if they're going to charge
for Skype.
I'm like, no, I can't, because I don't have that kind of access.
Right, right.
Exactly.
Try to keep your questions to games that maybe aren't triple-A titles or from triple-A developers.
I want to find, you know, like this here, Scribblenauts.
Scribblenauts I had never heard of until I saw it in the back corner of WB's booth a
couple years ago, and it blew me away.
Katamari Damacy I really hadn't heard of until Namco showed it off a couple of years ago
at E3, or many years ago at E3 now, so I'm looking for those games, and if you hear something
that maybe you want to hear more about that GameSpot and iGn at the big sites aren't going
to cover, those are the games I want to find.
I'm not going to be able to tap Peter Molyneux about Fable the 30.
I'm not going to be able to ask Sony about, you know, if they're going to be doing this
or that with the Vita, because they're not going to talk to me.
What the smaller does, they will answer my question, and those are the people I want
to talk to.
Alright internet, you have your homework assignment, twitter.com slash bobbyblackwolf, and I just
want to clarify, even though Bobby will still be at the show Thursday, we will not be having
an E3 special Thursday.
Anything Bobby does on Thursday, he will be doing on his own show this upcoming Sunday
when he broadcasts live, and we will not be here live on Sunday.
It's all weird, this programming thing.
I'm just going to have to like draw a grid, but follow our websites and stay tuned for
all the information in our twitters.
That's how you can stay on top of the world.
And on my show Sunday night, I will actually talk about the actual demos of the Wii Wii
Wii Wii that I played, and how each of them felt and played and all that stuff.
Alright, sounds good.
Alright, well Bobby, we're going to let you go so we can get to some other calls, and
I got to call Shane too, who's also there waiting to talk to us.
So take care, buddy.
Yeah, no, hey, I get to go watch nerds riding a mechanical bull now, it's going to be great.
Awesome, have fun.
Thank you.
Bye.
The one and only Bobby Blackwolf, everybody.
Thanks so much to him for joining us for over an hour on that call.
One hour, nine minutes, he's been joining us here.
That's a long phone call.
That's a long phone call.
That's a lot of minutes.
Poor Bobby.
Alright, before we get to Shane and Miklotov, bringing him on the show, talking, he was
also at Nintendo's press event, so we're going to hear about Wii U all over again, yay Logie.
Have you guys been experiencing E3 from home?
What have you guys been doing?
You know, we're not there this year, which is kind of different, especially me being
there last year.
I'm kind of sad I'm not there this year, but it's been interesting kind of doing E3 from
home.
I like that some of the stuff I can go right on and download right away, like ConnectFunLabs,
I was all over that for like 10 minutes, and Logie, you were a big fan of my Sailor Moon
videos, right?
That's pretty funny.
Well, I've been going on Twitter and seeing random, this is bullshit, Wii U what?
So my Twitter's been a source of hilarity.
Dan, what about you?
I've been streaming all the press conferences, and I've been going to the game sites, and
just experiencing it as much as you can from the comfort of your computer chair.
That's right.
And where the food is reasonable.
We should be there.
I know.
We failed.
Next year.
Next year.
Alright, let me ask this question too, Logie, I know you've had some hands on with this,
some of the stuff that's been released during E3, we've had a few, not just ConnectLabs
was, it's out today, but there was also ExciteBike3D came out.
Did you get a chance to grab the ExciteBike3D on 3DS?
I did, I checked it out, I'm glad that it wasn't just them kind of offsetting each individual
sprite layer, but, I mean, it still wasn't that great, it was like watching ExciteBike
on a really tiny screen, because when you do it in 3D, it's just, it's really tiny.
Do you have that here with you?
I don't.
Dammit.
Do you have it, Rob?
Yes, I do, actually.
Give to Daddy.
We'll see what you think of this, let me, I have Zelda Link's Awakening up right now,
which by the way, I love that you can actually frame it inside a little Game Boy, and it
does this 3D effect, where it's just like the image is indented just a little bit, like
you're playing on an actual Game Boy, because remember how the screen was behind the glass
a little bit?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's kind of funny.
If anything's gonna sell me a 3DS, it's crap like that, but they need to drop the price
like 50 bucks.
Let's get one right now.
It's just too expensive.
They probably will before too long, so here you go, I'm gonna give that to Dan, he can
check that out right now.
I do like how when you zoom, use the 3D slider on it, how it zooms it back into like the
original game, which is kind of neat, but I mean, beyond that gimmick, I just can't
get too excited about it, you know what I mean?
It's just, I don't know, it's as exciting as Excitebike is, I guess.
Alright, well we are going to give Miek Latov a call and ask some more questions about Nintendo.
We're gonna hear another perspective, and I don't know if, I don't think he got hands
on with Wii U today, but he was there at the Nintendo presser, and Dan's like, this is
widescreen, what's going on?
Alright, we're gonna give Miek Latov a call, I just punched in the digits, one ringy dingy,
two ringy dings, live radio, special presentation here on Ustream, we'll be back next Sunday.
Hi, Miek Latov, how you doing?
Good.
Hey, it's Rob at Orange Lounge Radio, of course, with DarkSakura, Loki, and Dan all here, and
we've been talking, of course, about E3, you're there in Los Angeles.
We've already kind of covered the press conferences, let me give you, let me get some quick reaction
from you.
You didn't go to them, but you know, you're a gamer too, obviously.
Microsoft and Sony, what did you think of their press conferences?
Microsoft bored me to tears.
Why is that?
Because they didn't have anything interesting, they were all, here's the Kinect that we've
been pushing for a year, and we're trying to keep it relevant, but here's some titles
for it.
And by the way, here's Gears of War with probably a drunk or high iced tea, who would be funny.
That's why he was angry, he wasn't drunk yet, and it was 11 AM.
There you go.
And really, they had me with Van Central, and that was it, nothing else was interesting
to me.
And then Sony?
Sony, I actually really liked.
I liked their monitor.
I didn't see it yet in action, but I liked the idea of two people looking at it and seeing
different things, and it's cheap.
I liked the idea of the Vita, I liked Uncharted 3, talking about Pico and Shadow of the Cloth,
this just often makes me happy.
So overall, they did really well in my eyes.
Now let's move to Nintendo, because you were there, you were at the press conference today, correct?
Yeah.
And how was it for you?
Now we've already kind of recapped, obviously, what was shown, but how was it for you kind
of being there?
I really liked it.
I'd like to go again.
It was also, while I liked it, I thought it was cool, like the orchestra, and that was
neat, and a golden remote was cool.
I was also kind of dull, and it went by really fast.
So it was almost like a blink and you missed it.
How were your seats?
Were you way up in the nosebleeds?
Oh, they were really good.
No, no, I was seven rows from the front.
Nice.
Good for you.
So you could probably see that little Wii U mote, or whatever they're going to call
it, in their hands when they were showing that off, huh?
I don't remember them showing it off in person.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Bobby even said that.
They didn't bring it out.
It was only on the videos.
That's right.
Well, whatever.
Well, what did you think?
What was your impressions of Wii U?
I know you haven't done hands-on, or did you do hands-on today, or no?
No, I went there first thing this morning, and of course all the visitors were in line
first.
That's what they do.
And it looked like it was a three-and-a-half-hour wait from where I was at, so I said, do it,
and I'm just going to do it tomorrow.
I believe Bobby waited four hours, but it moved a little.
He got in line after they said it was closed, and they told him flat out he might not see
it, but he did get to see it finally by four.
But I think he was in that line for four hours today.
Yeah, that's why I just wanted to go and look at other things today, because I knew that
tomorrow and the next day would be mostly Vita and Wii U.
Well, I want to get to those other things.
Oh, is there big lines for Vita, too?
Is that all behind the scenes?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
Okay, interesting.
It's kind of like how Sony did the move last year.
Quickly though about Nintendo, you did get some hands-on with some of the 3DS stuff,
right?
Oh, yeah.
So what they talked about today for the 3DS, I got to play.
Oh, wow.
So that was pretty cool.
I like that they had their titles at the press conference, and I'm like, oh, yeah, and everything
we're talking about, they'll play it now.
Wait, so Kid Icarus was playable, too?
Yeah.
Oh, my God, I love Kid Icarus.
Wow.
Tell us a little bit about how that demo played.
Okay.
So there were two, well, three demos.
I think two of the three so far.
The first demo is a aerial mission and a ground mission combined into one.
So with the aerial mission, it's pretty much, if you played Sin and Finish Me, you've got
your little target that you control with the stylus, and then the spherical pad is how
you strafe and move up and down, and your firing is all based out of the left button
at the top bell button.
And before you actually do the mission, you actually had, I think, around nine options
for what you wanted because of your weapon.
Hmm.
So that was pretty neat.
I went with Pan Blast because I thought that was cool.
So when you're playing, if you target an enemy with a target, I don't know how to pronounce
it, it'll lock onto them, kind of.
If you hold down the L button, it'll shoot a rapid succession of shots.
If you just target them, though, and just single press it, you will deliver like a fully
charged blast that can actually take out several enemies in that area.
Hmm.
So, was that, I'm sorry, did you say the other one was the multiplayer demo?
Oh, there were two other ones.
There was a multiplayer demo, I did not get to do that.
I don't know why, I don't think I wanted to hang around at that point.
But the other one they had was AR cards, which actually, if you did the demonstration with
them, you got a pack.
So I have a pack of Kid Icarus AR cards, once the game comes out, they'll be able to use.
But all it really is, is just putting characters on, you know, through the AR, on the card,
and then they can battle each other.
It was that thing that some were joking like, hey, didn't we see this already when it was
called the Eye of Judgment?
Yes, that's all it is, but that's pretty much all their AR cards are.
Interesting that Nintendo just slaps Kid Icarus on it, and now people are going crazy about
it.
Isn't that funny how that works, Loki?
Yeah.
Is there a bet still on if a million copies of that game sell?
No, there is no bet.
It's done.
Just get over it.
Alright, alright.
What else did you play on DS?
3DS.
I played Luigi's Mansion 2.
It played like Luigi's Mansion, there was some big shocker there.
The one thing that I did not like is that, I know it's early in development, but the
frame rate chugs, even when you weren't doing much of anything.
Okay well hopefully they get that ironed out, I mean yeah, that's an early development thing
I'm sure, but they'll have to fix that.
Mario was cool.
It played like Mario Galaxy on the stages that didn't have the 3D worlds where you're
running around the entire planet upside down and stuff like that.
Nothing much really different there, you've got your raccoon suit back, but it looks like
the Tanooki suit, but it has the raccoon suit powers, so it's kind of weird.
Interesting.
Let's see, Mario Kart.
Mario Kart was fantastic.
60 frames a second from what I was told.
Even in 3D?
It works hard.
Even in 3D?
Even in 3D it does 60 frames a second?
Yeah.
Wow.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Who would play it in 2D?
Losers would play it in 2D.
Well I'm thinking of Dead or Alive Dimensions where they were saying, oh it'll do 60 frames
in 2D in 3D in 3D, like it was kind of split, so I was wondering if they were going to do
it.
Yeah, same with Street Fighter.
Huh, okay.
Yeah, but no, this was 60 frames greedy, it worked hard, which was amazing because Mario
Kart has not been hard in years, the paint lighting mechanic, when you had the jumps,
that was interesting because you either had to slow down in the air to collect coins,
or you knocked the ground as fast as you could to continue racing, so it was a weird trade-off.
Interesting.
The sub propeller, when you're underwater, whatever, that was stupid, it did nothing
for me.
And Star Fox?
Star Fox, I don't know if I had a single player, I played multiplayer though, and it felt a
lot like the multiplayer that was from the DS game, which I kind of liked, just really
nice looking.
What was cool though is that out of our four people battle, I totally killed everybody
in one, and the little, not really a Nintendo rep that was hired for this event, she was
complaining because I killed her first.
Were you aiming for her because you can see her little picture or whatever?
Yes.
Is it just a static picture?
There's a girl, clearly you have to make her feel inferior.
It's a changing picture?
Does it get reactions like when you get blown up, like I'm thinking of that Burnout game?
Oh, how funny.
No, yeah, well, it's not a changing picture, it's a stream of you, so you can see what
they're looking at, like if they're going to look up in the upper corner or something
or if they make a weird face randomly, it's seriously refreshing but fairly slow.
No picking your nose and playing Star Fox then?
You could, but it'd be hard because of the way you have to hold the system, you know,
the system.
All right, so that's cool, so it sounds like you got your hands on at least a lot of the
3DS titles today.
What was your favorite out of the bunch?
Probably a tie between Mario Kart and Kid Icarus, because I forgot to say Kid Icarus,
beautiful, absolutely beautiful.
The water in that game, as Nintendo's known to do, just was amazing, it blew me away.
One more 3DS question, I'm not sure if you're aware, but Nintendo unloaded onto the eShop
today trailers for Animal Crossing and Paper Mario as well.
Were those games anywhere to be seen?
Not that I saw, because I really wanted to play at least Animal Crossing.
I did download the trailer though when I got back to the hotel room for Animal Crossing,
and I'm not sure if you guys talked about it or not, but it's got some really interesting
features.
Oh, Loki had a thing or two to say about it.
What's that?
It looks what?
I said it's got some really cool new features.
I'm not sure if you guys...
Yeah, Loki had a thing or two to say about it.
Sitting on benches and swimming?
Awesome.
Yeah.
That's crazy.
Was your mind blown by swimming?
I was like, oh my god, I can sit down!
Wait, Mikolatov, did Animal Crossing have colored balloons?
No, no, it wasn't that cool.
All right.
Okay, then what else did you do at the show today?
So, you didn't stand in line for the Vita all day like Bobby had to.
What did you get your hands on today?
Well, I also wanted to be thrown that I played Zelda as well on the 3DS, and it was fan-freaking-tastic.
That was a close call for my tie for best 3DS game I played.
What does that...
I mean, is it just the 3D to what many consider a classic video game that did it for you?
Or did it feel new?
What was it that made it so great?
Or could you tell you were playing a 13-year-old game?
Sorry, what did you say?
Could you tell you were playing a 13-year-old game?
What made it so great?
I'm not sure I could tell I was playing a 13-year-old game.
I will say that the graphics are definitely much nicer.
The frame rate is crazy nice.
The 3D effects, I didn't really care for.
It didn't really do anything for me.
I did like people switching to the slingshot or the hookshot would allow you to move the
system around instead of using the directional pad to find your target.
That was neat.
All right.
Well, what else did you get to play at the show today?
Let's see.
I personally walked around, which is kind of a waste of a day.
I played the new Silent Hill game, both in 3D and in 2D.
Interesting.
What'd you think?
Crap is what I think.
It was terrible in 3D and it was terrible in 2D, so this is definitely a pass for me.
I'm not even interested.
Why was it terrible?
What did it play like?
Was it more like the Wii Silent Hill, which I don't see anymore?
Was it more like Alan Wake?
Was it Alan Wake?
What was it?
I wish it was like Alan Wake or even Shattered Memories.
It was like a generic survival horror that ran really choppy and was boring and not scary.
At least in every other demo that I've played at E3 for a Silent Hill game, something has
been kind of freaky about it.
Not this one.
It was just boring.
It's not Silent Hill if it's not freaky.
Exactly.
And it was just dull.
Like oh, there was an ending that jumped out and I think was supposed to scare me, but
this more annoyed me because they aren't scary.
Speaking of scary, did you see the Tomb Raider stuff?
I don't know if it's playable on the show floor or whatever.
I found that that trailer seemed to be pretty, I mean, I don't know, we've had some differing
opinions in here, but I compared it to The Descent, which I found to be a scary-ass movie.
The only thing I ever saw for Tomb Raider wasn't on the floor, it was during the Microsoft
Next conference.
So I was over in Corey Enix's booth for a bit today and I didn't see it anywhere, but
I was also playing the entire demo for Final Fantasy XIII-2.
Ooh, what'd you think of that?
I actually really like XIII despite what other people think, so I like this one a lot.
They added a few interesting features like a, what's that called, the real-time segments
like God of War and Heavy Rain tabs, which was, you know, it's a little out of place,
but it was still neat.
They definitely tried to give players a little more freedom and faith with some options that
were like, you gotta take to attack this guy or go try to weaken him first by using this
device.
I hear if you went to attack him, you died, and you'd have to reset the whole bit of the
demo over again.
So I thought that was neat.
But no dress sphear.
No dress sphears.
Do they have a release for that?
I definitely don't know who the main character is that I was playing as.
Do they have a, I think it's supposed to be Lightning Sister, do they have a release for
XIII-2 yet?
Loki, have we heard one?
No.
No?
No.
No.
Wow.
Interesting.
Interesting comment in our chatroom, chat.orangelandsradio.com.
Jenai says, Silent Hills Konami Sonic now.
And Randi Yu says, wouldn't go that far, Sonic is laughably exhausted.
Frisbee Yu jumps in, speaking of Sonic, was Sega at E3?
Of course Sega was at E3.
I went over there quite a bit, looking at my darndest for PSA-2, but it wasn't there.
Oh, I was just gonna ask.
It might be somewhere.
Surely you had to see if there was a Phantasy Star or online too, oh bummer they didn't
bring that.
Yeah, but there was a lot of Sonic stuff for their new Sonic game, and it actually didn't
look that bad.
I didn't get to play it though yet.
Hmm.
Alright, you'll have to let us know when you do finally get your hands on it.
What else?
There was this really neat Kinect game by Konami.
It was called Lead Me's, I believe.
It's both Kinect, and I believe it's a download title they said, but it plays a little bit
like Lemmings.
So you stand in front of the Kinect sensor and you become this like wire frame character
pretty much.
And you have these little adorable things that fall down and you have to get them to
safety by using your limbs as bridges, stuff like that.
Interesting.
Okay, so like you use your body to build the path to get these guys safe, basically?
Yes.
Interesting.
Any other, I know you're a big fan of music games too, any music games that you saw besides
Dance Central 2?
No, I saw DDR, but it's laughable nowadays, so it's not even worth talking about.
Aww, but I kinda wanted to know how laughable it was.
It had four licenses, I believe, and the rest were not in the originals.
And what I watched looked like the character models looked like DDR PC quality, but not
as awesome.
Because there was no Mr. Spanky or anything like that, they were just like really poorly
done character models.
Nobody loves Mr. Spanky.
What was that?
Forget it.
Oh, okay.
I did not hear you, because I'm hearing me talk every time I talk, so...
D'Artesia says, no Dance Masters 2?
No Dance Masters 2.
I do know the only thing that's behind closed doors at Konami, because I still have my hookup,
is Pro Evolution Soccer, so everything else that's on the floor is all they're showing.
Interesting.
And it's pretty sad also.
Like, this E3 has been kind of let down in terms of what's being shown, despite having
two new consoles.
What about Dance Central 2, didn't you say you had some hands-on time with that?
Yeah, I played Dance Central 2, it was fantastic, but it was just Dance Central with new characters
and new moves.
Is Harmonic showing anything else at their booth?
Aren't they supposed to be unveiling a new game?
Oh, I didn't see that at a Harmonic booth.
I hadn't seen a Harmonic booth at all.
That was at Microsoft.
Interesting.
So it must be kind of a behind closed doors thing, or in a conference room.
Interesting.
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
Well, anything else that you had some hands-on time with you want to share with us tonight?
I'm wrecking my brain.
No, I want to play Nintendo a whole lot, but I saw a lot of neat games that were briefly
mentioned at the end of the press, or just via a title.
So I saw Risen Heaven, I saw the new Kirby game, of course I saw Legend of Zelda Skyward
Sword, which looks amazing now, I'm really excited for it.
What's your plan for tomorrow?
I'm hoping a coin later to decide if I'm standing in line for Vita or Wii U.
Personally, I'm leaning more towards Vita, because I don't really think I care much about
the Wii U at this point.
Ouch.
All right, yeah, we need someone to go play the Vita, and I don't know if Bobby will get
around to it tomorrow, so I think you should do that.
Do the Vita?
Yep.
Okay.
I'll try that one.
All right.
Well, anything else you want to share before we let you go so we can get to some other
callers from our chat room at 1877 Dean Waller?
The first thing...
Okay, this will be cool to some of those people out there.
Let's start with the lamer one for a second.
Okay.
I was going down Hollywood Boulevard yesterday, because that's where my place I'm staying
at is, and if people follow reality TV at all, or gay porn, I fully ran into Dustin
Tito from either Real World or Flat Pad.
That was pretty funny.
The one with the sordid past, apparently, yes.
Yes.
I wanted to just go up to him and be like, hey, I've seen you naked.
That might have been awkward.
I don't know.
Yeah, just slightly.
But the actual cool thing that people may care about is right when I walked out of the
Nokia theater here today after Nintendo was done, I ran Snapchat instead of Kiriyamaoka.
That was really cool.
Oh, nice.
Did you get a picture or anything, or say hello, or just...
Yeah, I got a picture, I said hello, we shook hands.
I tweeted him actually after the fact, and he tweeted back, and by him tweeting back
at me, somehow G4 is now following my Twitter, which is a waste of their time.
It might be one of those spam Twitters, so look out, because I see a lot of those.
No, it's a real one.
I looked into it.
Weird.
Well, whatever.
All right.
Well, Mikkelshof, enjoy the rest of the show.
Get some hands on with Vita tomorrow and whatever else, and we'll talk to you tomorrow, okay?
Okay.
Sounds good.
All right.
And try to stalk more celebrities for us.
Yes.
All right.
I will do that.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
Bye.
We're running a little long tonight, but we will open it up for a few quick, quick calls
if anyone wants to call and just talk impressions.
What do you think?
Where are you at?
Are we completely off base with what we're saying about Wii U or Kinect or the Vita?
Give us a call, 877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
That's all one word.
If you are going to use Skype to give us a call, please make sure you use ECHO123 first
before you give us a call.
Again, what were your impressions?
I'm sure many of you, you know, I didn't want to just recap the news tonight with you guys
because I'm sure most of you were watching it.
Although I'm liking hearing about these hidden things like that Konami game that sounds like
Lemmings.
I want to hear about more of those types of games.
So we'll see.
All right.
Again, 1877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Quick programming note, we are live tonight.
We are live tomorrow night.
We are off Sunday because Bobby Blackwolf and some of us here at OLR are going to go
celebrate E3 broadcast by going to Disneyland.
I'm sorry.
We're doing research for Disney Connect.
We got to make sure that Disney Connect game is accurate.
Absolutely.
And we will leave no stone unturned.
And there have to be hidden cats in the game for it to be accurate.
But we will be back next Sunday on OrangeLoungeRadio.
That will be June the 19th.
Bobby Blackwolf will be here June the 12th, not here, but at allgames.com where he's usually
at June the 12th and of course on his podcast feed.
That's where you're going to hear his Thursday impressions since we will not be live Thursday
night.
So I hope everybody got the programming worked out there.
Again 1877 game OLR or a username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
I have to point out, Sega did not announce a system.
So that's a no minus point.
You didn't get buzzed on that.
Exactly.
I think I'm the only one that has a buzz so far because Sony did indeed apologize for
what had happened.
And they showed Fable.
I think they weren't going to show Fable either.
I don't remember.
All right.
Well, apology.
It's kind of a gray area.
He said they weren't even going to mention it.
Not true.
Maybe.
Which they let off with by saying mentioning.
All right.
Let me get to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Sturlock.
Hey, Sturlock.
How you doing, buddy?
Pretty good.
How's E3 going for you?
What are your thoughts?
It looks pretty awesome.
I really want a Vita.
Why?
Street Fighter vs Tekken.
But can't you get that on the PS3 or the 360?
Yeah, but come on, man.
It's a portable version.
That's just awesome.
What did you think about this whole announcement that Cole's in it as well?
I was like, what?
Okay.
Whatever.
It's kind of random, right?
But, I mean, you got, I mean, it's pretty common for an Abaco, though.
I mean, you've got Tekken characters and, like, urban rain, so.
I guess that's true.
They do that kind of stuff all the time, but Nintendo, I don't know, I still can't get
my head around this name.
Yeah, I know.
The name's a little weird, but remember, I mean, and I don't like the name either, to
be honest.
I think they should have just called it the Nintendo U, and we could have just all said,
oh, the U stands for Ultra or something like that, you know?
Or if they wanted to go back to, like, the old school, they could have called it the
U-Force, like that old peripheral.
That's a super Wii.
I like the Wii-Ou-Wii-Ou-Wii-Ou-Wii-Ou-Wii-Ou-Wii-Ou-Wii.
Yeah, I've been doing that all day, too, I was just like, oh my god.
So, damn it, where was I going with this?
Everybody's got an opinion on the Wii U.
What do you think of the console itself besides just the name?
Which I do think everyone will get used to eventually, by the way.
Ooh, do we have a network outage?
I think we did.
I think we had a drop.
Shit.
Did we have a drop stream?
I don't know if we're even still broadcasting at this point.
I think we are.
But we had an internet, okay, we had an internet downtime.
I think we're, oh wow, we just reconnected right away with Strelok.
Okay, yeah, we had a weird drop thing happen there, so that's weird.
But we're back.
Silly internets.
Yeah, silly internets.
Yes.
All right, well, whatever.
So, what's on your mind with the Wii U?
Well, I'd like to see more from it than just the spectrum of stuff.
The controller is kind of interesting, even though I honestly really can't use too much
of it.
But it's an interesting concept.
But really what has me excited is something from the Microsoft, it's not the only thing
that I really cared about from the Microsoft press conference, but something that kind
of touched on briefly was the whole Bing thing with Kinect, where you could tell it what
to play.
If you want to search for a game and then play it by voice, you can do that.
And that's really exciting.
Xbox, Bing, pornography.
Yes.
Awesome.
Indeed.
A lot of people are kind of on what Microsoft showed.
What did you think of the press conference overall?
Overall, the Microsoft conference, yeah, exactly, was just kind of like, really, more shooters.
Don't care.
Too many first-person shooters, huh?
Too many shooters.
It's oversaturated.
All right.
We're going to let you guys go get some other calls before we do.
Any other final thoughts for us?
I'm just one more.
I want Konami to announce the Snatcher game, but that didn't happen.
Sadly, it's probably not going to.
Don't hold your breath.
I was going to say.
All right.
All right, buddy.
We're going to let you go get some more calls, but have a good one, okay?
All right.
Thanks.
All right.
Thank you.
Thanks for putting up with the internet outage, too.
That was kind of weird.
It's just another day here at OLR.
Yeah, I've been having...
Hey, what's up, guys?
This is Kaijuto.
Hey, Kaijuto.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Yeah, that the Wii U, the controller, scares the fucking hell out of me.
Why does it scare you?
I mean, it looks like it's going to break.
I mean, all the stuff they want you to do with it doesn't seem very safe for the controller,
like putting it down on the floor, sticking it on that gun and swinging it around.
I don't know.
It just looks like a lot of kids are going to break that thing.
You know, I think you're kind of onto something here, because I can't tell you, and this is
kind of embarrassing, but I can't tell you how many headsets I've broken on my computer,
because I'll sit it down on my chair when I get up to go to the bathroom, and then I
come back, crunch, my fat ass sits on it and crunches it.
So you have to be really careful.
Like, you're going to need...
Everybody needs a coffee table to put that controller on, and that's away from the dogs
and the cats that tend to do this.
Yeah, it's like the big glass on it.
It's like, you know, it just...
To me, it feels like it's going to just break within a couple of weeks.
Let's be real.
It's not really glass.
It's that cheap, plasticky thing that the DS has used.
It's the same touchscreen from a DS, just bigger.
Oh, yeah, I did not.
Those get broken.
It looks like glass to me.
Yeah, they will get...
It'll still get broken, but yeah.
So...
Well, let's say that controller is invincible.
What is your thoughts about Wii U otherwise?
As far as, like, being innovative, I think they're going somewhere with it.
I'm going to agree with Bobby Blackwell if I saw a lot of potential with what they were
showing that you could do with it.
I mean, it's still not something that I want to run out and get right away until I see
something that I really like, but you know, I do appreciate them for trying to bring some
innovation to the game where even though they're recycling the same old games, you know, just
putting Mario on everything, but other than that, they are innovative with their shit.
At what point would Nintendo be charging too much?
I get a lot of feedback, by the way, just to let you know.
I'm like hearing myself talking about it.
Yeah, and we have an Echo thing going on, but just...
Well, do you have the Ustream running, because you've got to pause it.
The other thing is, at what price do you think the Wii U becomes too expensive right now?
$399.
$399.
So, if it's $398, you might be there.
No, no.
No, I get it at $298.
Alright.
$299, $298.
Alright, well, Kajuda, we're going to let you go to see if we can get another call,
but thanks so much for the call.
Take care, buddy.
Alright.
Good night.
Good night.
Later.
877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Give us a call, and as we start to wrap up here while we wait for one more call, where
are you guys at?
You know, a lot of people feel the need to rank Microsoft, Nintendo, and Sony, but let
me kind of leave it here with this.
Out of what we've talked about tonight, what are you most excited about?
What are you most interested in hearing more about?
Dark Sakura?
Animal Crossing.
No, really.
To be honest, I'm still actually kind of meh about a bunch of it, really.
There were things I had hoped to see that didn't pop out, and really, it was a lot
more of what I expected, although I do really like that new controller.
I'm more excited about that controller for the Wii U, even though the name is, you know,
stupid.
Alright, we'll get to the other feedback in studio here in a minute, but we do have
another call coming in, so let's get to that.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Blender from Napo.
What's going on?
Blender!
What's on your mind?
Nothing.
I just, I, one thing I don't know if you guys mentioned, I was like five minutes late
getting into the show, and nobody mentioned, I was really interested in the BioShock Infinite
with the move support.
You're right, we did kind of skip over that, and that is kind of a big deal, yeah.
I didn't even, I gotta be honest, I was really terrible, and I didn't even play that
far into the first BioShock game, but I was all over this look of the new game, it's
awesome.
With the whole like, air rails and stuff, that game looks sweet.
I'll finally get to wipe the cobwebs off of my move.
What did you think about Ken Levine's little kind of comment?
He had this, it was almost awkward to me a little bit, his little interlude about how
he's finally got won over by the move.
He sold out.
Yeah.
Sony said, hey guys, guys, money.
And they're like, oh, we like money, and they're like, alright, put move support in
your game.
And they're like, oh, okay, and say something good about the move for us.
Alright, I can do that, because I like money.
It was like Gabe Newell last year with the whole Valve thing, but.
Exactly.
Well, what else caught your eye, Blinder?
Well, I just, Uncharted 3, of course, I'm just a huge Uncharted fan, the multiplayer
looks fantastic.
But, other than that, well, see, I only own one system, I only own the Sony, so.
So there's not a lot for you on the other ones.
Did maybe, I have to ask it, did Microsoft or Nintendo maybe make you think twice about
picking up another one?
Not Nintendo, but Microsoft, I mean, I'm still kind of on the edge.
I mean, I'm not a fanboy, if I had the money, I would pick up another system, you know.
But it's just, mainly what I've been listening to is just for the Microsoft thing, would
be like, if they did it, they need to make a Kinect, like an L.A. Noire Kinect game.
That would tell me.
Where I can just slap the bitch if I think they're lying.
Yeah, yeah.
Pop!
All right.
Have your partner do, hey, go over there and go investigate this for me, I'm gonna go have
a beer.
All right.
Blinder, any other last thoughts for us before we let you go?
No, that's it.
All right.
Take care.
We'll see you later.
All right, you too.
All right, bye.
All right.
We are gonna go ahead and close the Skype line, guys.
I'm very sorry to those folks that didn't get through.
Don't forget, we're gonna be back tomorrow, and we'll have a little more time to take
more calls tomorrow.
So if you didn't get through tonight, don't be mad.
You can also email us mailbag at orangelandtrader.com.
We will go to the mailbag tomorrow, because we won't have press conferences.
We're gonna hear about other games tomorrow.
We still haven't talked Skyrim.
We gotta talk a little bit about Skyrim.
Some of the other games, we'll probably dive into Bioshock a little more.
Whatever it is that Bobby and Shane can get their hands on, we're gonna talk a little
more about tomorrow, and your calls will really help fill in and email us tomorrow.
And Chibi Wolf.
And Chibi Wolf.
Let's hope.
For now, I wanna go around and get everybody's kind of last thought here.
And again, guys, sorry to cut it off, but we were only intending on going till nine,
and it's almost 9.30.
So I wanna try and wrap up, and everybody's being a real trooper for staying with us.
But Dan, what are you walking away from this most excited about?
The Wii U.
The Wii U.
Wii Wii Wii.
Why is that?
It could be really awesome.
Or it could fucking suck.
No, I'm just kidding.
Well, and that's exactly it.
If Nintendo comes through with the price, and they come through with the games, and
you know, some people do some great development for it, I mean, it could be really, really
smooth.
And it could do a lot of cool stuff.
Or it could be an absolute waste of technology.
And Nintendo's scary, because Nintendo does that.
Sometimes Nintendo hits something, and they just knock it out of the park.
And then sometimes Nintendo's just like, yeah, look at our great thing!
We have no fucking idea what to do with it.
I mean, the Vita is really cool.
And I mean, I kinda knew it was gonna be a really cool thing.
And when Sony came through with pricing, that wasn't, you know, ridiculous, because I swore.
I swore they were gonna say, $599 US dollars, and everybody was gonna laugh them out of
the arena.
When they said $250, and everyone was like, alright.
You know, I was like, okay, maybe Sony's learned a thing, but it's just a better PSP.
Where the Vita could be something completely new.
They didn't just say, okay, here's a new Wii controller.
They said, here's a new, different thing that no one's done before.
And that could be pretty slick.
I'm with you there.
I wanna go to chat real quick, because one of the other games that's being brought up
in chat right now that we didn't get into depth about today.
Randy Yu says, Batman, Batman, Batman.
And Blender says, did you see the Catwoman trailer, Randy Yu, which, you know, was shown
at one of the press conferences.
Now I gotta say, there were two things out of the whole three press conferences that
made me audially, audible say, wow.
I said wow twice during the press conferences.
One of them was the $499 3D monitor.
I said wow.
The other one was when they announced that Batman Arkham City was gonna be on the Wii
U.
Batman on Nintendo.
That's just, I don't know why.
It's just crazy to me.
Well, and if they don't have to make huge graphic compromises, it means that the Wii
U has at least the horsepower of the current generation of consoles.
Correct.
So it's gonna be interesting to see what happens.
Uh, Loki, I know you still need to answer.
I will, uh, let me go first here.
Uh, I'm gonna say the thing I am most excited to see more about, I'm gonna be honest.
I'm gonna go kind of off the beaten path here a little bit.
Although the Wii U, yes, of course I'm gonna see more of that.
I really just feel like, I just, everything is fucking speculation till next year.
You know, it's, it's so, so early.
Now we know that most of the rumors were true and we've seen where they're going with it.
But for me, the more immediate question, I actually want to see these hardcore games
with the Kinect functionality.
I want to see how the public responds to it.
I want to see, I, when I play Kinect, I do really like it and I, I really want so much
more out of the Kinect and I'm just, I'm really curious how some of these shooters are going
to play.
I mean, I kind of even want to play the Ghost Recon game just to check it out.
That is never a game I'd be interested in otherwise.
It's so weird.
I'll save you the trouble.
The response is going to be, eh.
But maybe like two people are going to like buy it.
It's just like, that's what Twitter will say, but what will the dollars say?
That's what, that's what the dollars are going to say.
You think?
I, I, I disagree.
In my life, I've dealt with a lot of mainstream gamers.
I've worked at game stores for 10 years and I've seen those guys come into the store and
the Twitter crowd, as much as I hate to say it, is kind of the voice of the quote unquote
hardcore gamer.
The guy who cares enough to be sitting on the computer watching that press conference
and not because he's going to come on here tonight and talk about it.
You know, there's just not going to be a lot of interest.
Fair enough.
You know, it'd be sweet.
It'd be sweet if they could pull it off.
I'm the first guy to admit I have an unopened connect.
It's Jamie's and uh, if they did something sufficiently awesome, that would make me rip
into that thing.
I mean, I would love it.
I'm probably going to open it now just to try connect labs, but it's just like, wow,
I would love to see the shooter that, you know, you could stand in front of your TV
and play and not have it be a real shooter or hell, even just the light gun game.
Cause I totally missed light gun games.
Well, the Wii U is going to have a lot of this.
Yeah.
Like, you know, I was complaining about the on rail stuff and that's all I connect do.
You know what though?
Like ghost squad on the Wii is fucking awesome.
Squad is an awesome game and the Wii Zapper is a good ghost squad control.
I wanted the ghost squad rifle.
Okay.
That's a little too far.
Cause it's got the little trigger and it's got the pull thing, but I wanted the ghost
squad rifle to be the Xbox 360 rifle and it just never happened.
I like that new connect looking rifle, or not connect, the move rifle, by the way, it
was cool.
I got to say though, Dan, I'm not disagreeing with your perspective necessarily about like
who the hardcore gamers are and all that, but I got to say, I really think that with
no Wii U this year, Microsoft kind of has that Nintendo soccer mom casual market cornered
this year.
And it's, it's just going to be interesting to see what connect games rise to the top.
Will it just be dance central to number one seller this year or will that connect functionality
float a hardcore game up to the top?
Well, they need to come up with, you know, their Wii sports resort or with their Wii
fit.
That one game that just every connect owner has to have.
Dance central.
I think it's dance central.
But it's not dance central.
All the dance fans love dance central, but the common folks aren't just like, oh man,
dance central.
Because I was in a room full of common people the other day and nobody really liked dance
central.
Really?
I would say dance central, not just like music fans like us who've been following a few years,
but like rock band fans, which is a much wider audience.
All right.
Air guitar freaks.
We've got to get towards wrapping up.
Yes.
I've got to let Loki have his say.
Loki, what left you wanting more?
Saints Row 3.
Air Saints Row the Third.
It's awesome.
And god damn it, I wish they'd just announce a new Grand Theft Auto and be done with it.
No kidding.
And Half Life 2 Episode 3.
Fuck you, Valve.
Fuck you right in the ear.
We know it's coming.
I mean, come on.
Just, just, just come out and say it.
You know, that's, that's really it.
All right.
Fuck Valve.
And the fact that, you know, so what Nintendo's console can play Batman Arkham Asylum.
You know what?
The Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3 can also play that.
Why do I care?
A year earlier.
I, yeah, and I'm not gonna go buy, you know, a console just because they can play a game
of a console that I can already have.
I want to see what titles Nintendo's gonna have that are exclusive to this that are actually
gonna be worth my time instead of saying, hey, lookit, we got this really cool thing.
Because here's the problem.
They're hoping that the publishers are, you know, gonna be creative enough to use this
technology that they built.
Last time I checked, it never was a problem that, oh, these games aren't creative enough.
It's oh, we just don't give a crap about fleshing up this game to the point of, you know, attracting
other people other than casual gamers because, eh, casual gamers still just buy whatever
as long as it's $19.99.
Alright.
Well, um, anything you guys are hoping, well, Loki, you're not gonna be here tomorrow.
No, I'm not gonna be here.
And Dan will be here and Dark Soccer and myself.
But since you kind of have, this is your last chance to say whatever you want on the show
here about E3 till next Sunday, anything else you kind of want to get out about your thoughts
on the show?
Um, I mean, other than just like some of the stuff that's already been, there's nothing
really that's like brand new, nothing out of those conferences that was really just
caught me off guard.
You know, um, I don't know, it was just no real surprises, nothing like, oh my God, that's
so amazing.
And you could see it.
The crowds weren't into it.
There were like one or two pops when something that they were supposed to pop at came.
There were a lot of pauses where the companies expected applause and nobody was into it.
It was a very apathetic attitude.
Even the big stuff that people were supposed to be into just didn't win people over.
All right, we'll be back tomorrow to do some more E3 coverage.
Dark Soccer, myself, Dan, and you guys in our chat room and of course in LA, a big thanks
of course to Bobby Black Wolf and, uh, Miklotov are both in LA and they will be back with
more game opinions tomorrow.
But for tonight, we say goodnight.
Have a wonderful night, everybody.
We'll see you back here tomorrow at our little temporary space here on Ustream, seven o'clock
Pacific, 10 o'clock Eastern.
No video yet, but hopefully you stream in the future and not tomorrow either, but you
stream in the future.
We might have some more video features, kind of like we used to back in the day on OLR.
So besides that, I'm so completely unglamorous right now.
I can't be on video or it will explode.
So that's going to do it for our E3 coverage tonight.
We'll be back tomorrow, seven o'clock Pacific, 10 o'clock Eastern.
We'll see you here.
Email us, mailbag at orangeauceredi.com.
Follow us on Twitter.
Follow Bobby on Twitter.
We'll see you tomorrow.
