DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki Tonight, June 8th, 2011 We bring you further impressions and opinions on E3 Live with special correspondents Bobby Blackwolf and Miklatov on the show floor
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to night number two of E3 live coverage here at Orange Lounge Radio.
In conjunction with Ustream, our little temporary home for the shows, and, of course, the one and only Bobby Blackwolf, who does his own show on Sunday nights and is also syndicating the show to his feed as well as our feed, so it's just...
All out there for everybody.
So I'm glad you guys are enjoying it.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next hour, hour and a half, however long we go tonight with my co-hosts here in the studio.
Say hello to the one and only DarkSakura.
Carrot.
So you've gone from meat last night to carrot tonight.
Yes, because I want something crunchy.
We are live, of course, live on Ustream.
If this is your first time listening to us here on Ustream, this is not where we're usually at.
We do a Sunday night live show every week at All Games Radio.
More information about our podcast and all that good stuff, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And you can listen to last night's two and a half hour opus of the Wii U. Wii U, Wii U.
and Xbox and Kinect and the Vita.
We're going to actually get more into the Vita tonight.
It is live, of course.
You can join us in our chat room at chat.orangeloungerated.com if you have any live comments you want to give us as we're broadcasting here live.
Speaking of live, sometimes interesting things happen and we actually have to mix things up a little bit tonight.
We're not going to start with Bobby tonight.
Bobby's caught in traffic.
He's still...
in LA downtown.
I guess the last text I got is that a Transformer blew out somewhere.
So sorry, Bobby fans.
We're going to have to go to him a little later.
But we're going to go right into today's coverage of E3.
And from what I understand, our correspondents out on the floor got some more hands-on impressions today.
As you know, yesterday, Bobby waited for quite a while in that Wii U, Wii U, Wii U line to about, what, like four hours to finally get his hands on the Wii U and gave us his impressions yesterday.
Uh...
PS Vita
Very sad, in my soul
But of course, it's just his opinion.
It's just one opinion.
So we'll see.
Maybe Bobby got to play it today.
We'll see if he thought the same thing.
Hello?
Hey, is this Miklatov?
Yes.
Hey, it's Rob from Orange Lounge Radio, of course.
You should know that.
I just texted you.
I know.
It's so surprising.
I know.
Thanks for letting us mix things up a little bit and bringing you on first tonight.
Bobby's caught in traffic.
Where are you?
Are you back at your hotel?
Yes, I made it back.
It's fine.
After 50 minutes of commuting.
How was E3 for you today?
It was, well, I would say I only really participated in E3 today for about three hours, if that, because today was my stand in line day.
It took about 4 hours for me to get through that line and I got there at about 10.30 so it was a bit ridiculous for the line but to make up for it
if you can consider it that.
I did play with it for about 20 minutes.
So I got some good hands-on time with it.
Not bad.
And what are your thoughts?
I really like it.
It's definitely a great successor to the PSP.
For the design part of the system, the screen is beautiful.
It's really big.
It's really vibrant.
You really don't see any pixels whatsoever.
It's playing a nice high-def screen.
The back part with the touchpad, I don't like that so much because the touchpad takes up too much of the back.
So you're constantly accidentally tapping it and in the game that you use the touchpad on the back can kind of screw you up.
But that's just a minor complaint.
I'm sure if I held it the right way because there's grips it would be a little bit better.
I wonder if you could just turn that crap off.
Do you think you could just turn off that back touchpad altogether?
Because I didn't even think about that.
But yeah, if you have a tendency to tap on the back of your device or something, it's going to totally mess with that back touch stuff, right?
Yeah, it will.
I assume that some games will have that.
I don't think it will be a system setting.
The one thing that I actually do not like about the system is that the face buttons are way too small.
I was playing Uncharted and I kept trying to hit the X button, but instead I'd hit an analog stick because that's where my fingers felt like the X button should be.
Instead of these really tiny little buttons that they give you to play with.
I did not ask and they did not say.
I assume...
because of how close to, I mean, really, if you think about if it's supposed to be this holiday, it's only a few months out.
So I'm pretty sure that this is probably the final design.
Thanks for watching!
Anyhow.
Okay, so this isn't about the DS, though.
It's about the PS Vita.
So tell us about some of the games that you played and what they were like.
Okay, they had a station set up for us to go to, and we got five minutes on each.
Or was it four?
I don't remember.
I can't remember the amount of stations, but I'll list them off.
The first one we went to was the LittleBigPlanet station.
So you got to play, or you got your choice of a couple different options in LittleBigPlanet.
You could play a stage, or you could play a game.
or you could play a two-player game using just the touchscreen and you would play with the demo guy.
I opted to do just the stage because I wanted to see how it would really work in the practical play.
And I was really impressed.
It used everything from the touchpad to tilting the system, or not touchpad, sorry, the touchscreen to tilting the system and it played like LittleBigPlanet and it looked like LittleBigPlanet on the PS3.
So I was really impressed.
One of the puzzles that it had me do was
There was a keyboard in the background and I had to push the keys for the musical note and then LBP and it would open the door.
I thought that was really cool.
I would say it felt more like a separate experience because the Vita special features really made it feel that way.
So there was a part where I had to hold on to one of the little spinning wheels, and it wasn't spinning yet.
So while I was holding it with the R trigger, or whatever it's called, the R button, I had to use my left hand to actually spin the wheel around so he would go up to the top.
I was like, that doesn't...
You know, this is cool.
Not something I would expect.
No, no, these are really small.
Like, my hands are not big at all, and
These, I swear, were like the size of mini M&Ms.
Something people might know.
Okay, there you go.
That's a good comparison.
Okay, so what else?
LittleBigPlanet and... Okay, after that, they sent us over to Virtua Tennis, which, so far, these two games, I was told, are launch titles for the system.
So, Virtua Tennis, really nice-looking...
They had you play it first with just touch screen.
So you would press the spot on the court to move your guy.
You'd hold your finger down and your guy would move.
And then you could flick up to do a top spin and then flick down to do a back spin.
And it actually worked really well.
Then I was introduced to control.
Wait, wait, wait.
How is that touch screen stuff different from like playing an iPhone game?
Or is that really what it felt like?
Like, oh, I'm playing an iPhone game.
That's really what it felt like.
With nice graphics?
It was nicer.
Okay.
Okay.
and it was on a bigger screen.
Oh, okay.
So then he told me to do all my hits with the touchscreen and I could move with the analog stick.
I was like, okay, I kind of like the way that one played.
And then it was like, oh, just play normally.
It wasn't super impressive, but it was still really fun because retro test games are pretty fun.
So after my time was up there,
I went to the, what's that super game called?
Little Deviants.
That game is pretty much what I feel like they're trying to one-up Nintendo with.
It seems to be a collection of mini-games, for the most part.
There were three that we got to play.
The first one was an AR game, just like Face Raiders, to a T, with the exception of putting somebody's face in it.
You just look around with your screen all over the actual environment for these little spaceships you had to destroy before they destroyed your little deviant characters.
The next one was a whack-a-mole style game that used both the touchscreen and the touchpad on the back.
So windows would open up and if they were facing you, you had to touch the touchscreen on them and if they were back turned to you, you had to press from behind underneath.
and watch out for the humans because you lost points for that.
These all definitely sound like little gimmicky demos.
To be fair, it's probably the same stuff they're demoing the Wii U with right now.
Exactly.
The last one was the one that probably everybody's seen where you have the touchpad on the back and you make the hills and you roll the ball, the BBM ball guy around into the whirlpool.
That one
was probably what really frustrated me most with the touchpad on the back just because, I mean, it feels inevitable that you will rest your fingers on the back of the pad the way they don't want you to do it.
And there was no clear definition on the back where the touchpad started and where it ended.
So that one was really hard for me.
So Little Deviants, though, it sounds like it's just a minigame collection.
I don't know.
To me, it kind of sounds like a pass.
I've seen it before.
What did you think?
It's not a purchase for me at all.
It was bundled in with the system.
I'm not going to delete it, but I'm not going to purchase it.
The next one I went to was Sound... What did I call it?
Sound... Something or other.
Sound... Sound something.
Was it a music game?
Yes, it kind of was.
Um...
Man, now I feel bad because I was talking about how much I love that game.
Sound Shapes.
I'm looking at your text from earlier.
Sound Shapes.
Yes, thank you.
Sound Shapes.
Which is interesting because this was not even something that we saw at the press conference.
And when you texted me that, I'm like, what the hell is that?
That must be a game they didn't say anything about otherwise.
It's been talked about before.
I know that.
It's made by the guy that did...
I want to say either PixelJunk or Everyday Shooter.
I don't remember.
It's one of those two.
But in it, it's got two modes.
It's got a platforming mode, which is very simplistic shapes.
You're this little blue spiky ball looking thing.
But the object is to get through the level and to hit these blue orbs.
And every time you hit a blue orb in that screen, it creates
Like the drums for the music, or it creates the guitar, or the keyboard.
So you keep going through it.
But, uh, yeah, so...
You go through different screens trying to collect all the blue orbs to create the music.
It was very much a music-y platformer that caught my attention right away.
I was told, again, launch title, and that people would be able to create their own stages and upload them for other people to play.
And that's the other part of the demo.
He was showing me how to create my own stage and placing...
Music at certain points and placing the orbs and traps and it was really cool.
I liked it a lot.
Interesting.
As a music game fan, this is kind of a must-have for you because I'm looking at this going, this does not look at all like other music games, but I'm glad because I think it's, you know, I don't always need to see falling notes that you hit whatever device to, you know, so this is kind of nice.
Yeah, I think it's not only a game for music fans, but also for possibly platforming fans.
People who like to get high and play video games.
What was that?
People who like to get high and play video games.
No, because they'll probably try to eat their PSV or drop it thinking it's some crazy monster.
We need new cracks since Mojibribbin's already out.
Yeah.
That's kind of like, it's simplistic like that, like Vibra and stuff.
So I think it was great.
Definitely going to be the first game I buy because it was the one that impressed me the most.
Which makes me sad because the next demo I went to was Uncharted.
And that was the game that at first announcement had sold me on the Vita before it was called that and before I had played it.
And it didn't disappoint me per se.
I think it looked beautiful and played like Uncharted.
My problem with it is those tiny little M&M buttons that they just got in my way.
I couldn't perform moves as well.
I definitely got shot and killed twice during our demo because I couldn't get the button properly.
Did you try any of the touchscreen controls?
Was that?
I absolutely thought it was stupid.
Because I have to, instead of like, you know, position myself with the camera and my body for the next enemy...
After I'm done punching this guy to death, it takes one hand off of that and I have to focus on tapping the little fist icon, which was stupid.
I thought you would like that because when I was seeing that in the trailer, I was like, that looks like Elite Beat Agents and that's like Milita's favorite game.
No, no, it's nothing like that at all.
It was frustrating and kind of annoying.
But I'm sure that that will not be the only way to play.
I think I probably used the little M&M buttons to hit too, but the demo, I didn't get a chance to try that because like, oh, use the touchscreen only for combat.
I was like, okay, thanks for getting me killed.
But yeah, that ended the PS Vita experience.
So it was worth the four-hour wait?
Yes, I think so.
Because I think I have waited in long lines at E3 before.
and not come away as satisfied as I did with the Vita.
Yeah, I don't think the little buttons will hold me back from purchasing one because I think a lot of that has to do with
My hands being more accustomed to holding a PSP, so my fingers gravitate to where I think it's going to be at.
Let's be honest, it looks just like a PSP.
It's a little bit longer, a little bit wider, and a lot lighter actually.
It's like nothing in your hands whatsoever.
PSP, BackTouch, FrontTouch, Power
I wouldn't say slightly more power, I'd say a lot more power Yes
It doesn't like, when you see the screen in person, that's what got my attention first.
And then the weight in my hands got it second, and then it's just a really nicely designed system for once.
Now, I kind of asked Bobby about this yesterday because he waited in line for the Wii U most of the day.
You waited in line for the PS Vita most of the day.
Did you catch any kind of like buzz from people around you?
Now, see, the funny thing was Bobby was standing around a bunch of people who didn't speak English yesterday, so there was like no one for him to listen to.
But did you kind of catch what was the buzz?
What were other people saying about the Vita?
Were people complaining about the controller like you were or –
It was a
So it wasn't like some random person, but they were talking to one of the Naughty Dog people that were over there, and they said that Skyrim is going to have about 30 hours of main quests and 300 hours of side quests.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Alright, so the PS Vita took up most of your day, but you were happy with it at the end of the day.
What else were you able to get your hands on today?
I got to play Child of Eden, which was definitely not totally what I was expecting, but I still really liked it.
The control scheme's a little weird, and it was a guy, the guy that was explaining to me, A, wasn't from Ubisoft, B, was from Walmart, and C...
Look at me again and realize the amount of knowledge you probably had about the game.
He didn't really tell me how to play properly, I don't think.
So it was hard to just jump in randomly and start playing.
But it felt a lot like Rez.
It looked like Rez.
It sounded like Rez.
But the two firing mechanisms are different.
Like your left hand is like a rapid fire gun that only works on these pinkish enemies.
and your right hand is your lock-on gun and I couldn't tell if I was supposed to lock on fully and then fling my hand forward to shoot or if it was just automatically shot.
I think I had to fling my hand forward but I definitely was getting hit a whole lot in that game but it was on no die so it didn't matter.
And the music was really good, I imagine?
What little I could hear, yeah, because this one was outside underneath the tent
which is of course the optimal playing environment for a music game and a Kinect game.
They must have been at that booth where I think Rock of the Dead was shown last year and it was not a great location.
You know where that booth was?
That booth was where a long time ago I think you were there for the T3 where they had the Bald's tent set up.
I don't even think I remember that, but that's alright.
That's like not even on convention grounds, it's across the street Oh jeez, oh god, okay, you weren't even in the convention center at that point Yeah, that's when I was walking there this morning and they were like, hey, do you want to come play some games?
We've got Brink, and I was like, no, and they're like, and Trials of Eden, and I was like, yep, let's go over there Because I still haven't found it on the show floor, and I've been looking It's probably not there because it's out, like what, next week?
So I don't think there's a lot more to say about it Alright, well, what else did you get your hands on?
I didn't get my hands on it, but I did get to sit through the presentation for Saints Row the Third, and that was pretty funny.
I've never liked open world games, and I don't like GTA or anything like that, so I just kind of went in with an open mind, and that game looks freaking hilarious, and they didn't censor the dildo bat thing that they hit people with.
That was really funny.
And they also said that you can make your character naked in play.
I was like,
I was just going to get an M rating at that point.
Unless they're like built like a Barbie doll.
Naked to them might mean like booty shorts.
You know, it might be like just nothing but, you know.
So my male character I'd make would have booty shorts.
I guess that's true.
I don't know if you just heard Dan, but L.A.
Noire, I don't know if you've played that.
That got an M rating and that's got full on beaver.
Totally.
Totally.
I don't know, I haven't, I've got it, I haven't finished it yet, or even come close.
Spoiler!
Well, I guess, yeah, I guess if it's not, like, in an actual fashion, it won't get anything bad, but, um, that was really funny, uh, I liked what I saw, they showed off some open world stuff, which was just humorous, and then, um, like, you can put people in a cannon that's on a car and shoot them out, and everybody loves you, because, uh, your game, the things are, like, like,
Celebrity, so no matter what you do, they like you, so you put them in a can and you shoot them out at things and they die.
People are all excited because they're meeting you.
This is going to be a totally obscure reference, but this reminds me of one of the movies that stars Divine.
If you know who Divine is, I think it's Female Trouble or something.
She's very filthy and over-the-top and stuff, and there's a scene where she's like, Who wants to die for art?
And everybody's like, Me, me, me.
And so she shoots one of them.
I don't know why, but what you're describing sounds to me like that.
But that's the over-the-top craziness is what they're going for in this game.
So they've succeeded?
Yeah.
Yeah, definitely.
And then they showed a mission, which they were robbing a bank, and it turned out to be some rival gang's bank or whatever, so fighting ensued.
And at one point during the gunfight, which was really gory, too, just some random person in a hoodie came up and asked for your autograph, and you get extra points if you sign it.
I was like, that's hilarious.
Awesome.
So is this, even though you don't play the GTA-style games, it sounds like you might be interested in getting this one?
Yeah, I might try this one.
This one looks really funny.
So, I mean, that's one thing about Grand Theft Auto is it takes itself pretty seriously, and I don't know, this just seems like, like, it kind of reminds me of, like, Smoke and Aces, that movie.
Mm-hmm.
Or was it Lucky Number 7?
I don't know.
No, no, Smoke and Aces, yeah, not Lucky Number 7.
Okay.
But that's really all I got to play today, I think.
Like, I'm racking my brain, but the Vita took up so much time that I don't think there was much else for today.
Alright, so anything you're going to try to look at tomorrow?
I mean, I know we're not doing a show tomorrow, but anything you might want to look at?
I was debating on doing the Wii U or not, and I think my final decision is I'm not going to go to it because I don't think it's worth the time.
so I think tomorrow is going to be catch up day like I'm going to go try to do Uncharted 3 because you get like a t-shirt and some stuff for doing Uncharted 3 I'm going to go back through the 3DS lines because you get pins when you play the games and I want more pins because of swag and Rhythm Heaven is there for the Wii and I haven't got to play it yet and I really want to do that because I like Rhythm Heaven so I might just hang out in the Wii and Sony tomorrow and just completely avoid the other hall because
I mean, most of the cool stuff is either behind closed doors or just in video form.
So you're kind of finding the usual E3 thing that seems to be more and more popular the last five years to be true where all the really good stuff is behind closed doors and there's very little out there on the floor for the rest of you?
Yeah, yeah.
That's too bad.
And I don't understand the media restrictions this year because it doesn't look like it really changed anything.
I felt like if they did the restrictions it would probably mean
more stuff on the floor, but it feels like there's less stuff on the floor.
2K and Activision all have their stuff behind closed doors.
I think Bethesda has all their stuff behind closed doors.
EA has all their good stuff behind closed doors.
Wow, I guess they just don't want the general public forming opinions on games like we're doing right now.
Well, Konami needs to take that advice and hide Silent Hill, the new one, because it's awful.
I tried it again today, that's right, and it was still bad, so that whole day did not make a difference Where is that?
I would have, or else, I haven't seen it I think it's at Microsoft's booth somewhere, unless it's buying closed doors like everything else, I don't know
Oh, that means I have to go to that hall again.
Ask Bobby.
He's in chat.
Oh, wait, you're not in chat.
I was going to say, ask Bobby.
Bobby's in the chat room.
He might be able to tell you.
Well, maybe you can relay the message to me right now since we're live and you can read the chat room.
You will just have to do some research.
All right.
All right, well, Miklatov, thank you very much for joining us the past couple days and giving us your thoughts and impressions on what you saw on the show floor.
Anything else you want to get out before we let you go?
I ran into Akira Yamaoka twice today.
Why are you stalking him?
Yeah, this is another time that I did not text you about.
Because at that point, is it really worth it?
It's like a daily occurrence now.
Are you asking for his picture every time?
Are you making eye contact with him and giving him flirty eyebrows?
Did you give him a hug?
I've already given him a side hug before.
No, no, full on, manly, pat on the back hug.
Go for it.
And close your eyes.
He loves that.
Miklatoff only does Christian side hugs.
What?
I missed that last part?
What did you say?
I said you only give Christian side hugs.
Yeah, okay, that's probably true.
I said, every time I've gone up to him, I keep realizing how bad his English is, and he had like a translator chick with him today, so it kind of helped, but yeah, it's kind of hard to talk to him.
And I don't think that me running up and trying to give him a hug would help, you know, break down that language barrier or anything.
Yamaoka-sama daisuki!
Fail.
Yeah, see, I was, you know, saying Daisuke really elongated because he would be running away.
Why you no hug?
I was thinking of the little meme thing.
So-and-so, why you know this?
All right.
We're going to let you go.
I've got to get Bobby on here, too.
Tiger Call said he'd be like security.
Exactly.
The last time I saw him was not even near the convention center, so he has no security to call.
If you are going to get thrown out of E3, though, do it on the last day.
Yes.
So what?
Try to make out with him?
Is that what you're telling me?
I'm supposedly going to an old Konami employee meetup.
And that's not really a party.
It's a complaint about our lives.
Oh, yeah.
Alright, goodbye
Yeah, I'm worried about this whole... You're lame and very... Oh, I meant... And I don't know if you missed it, but he called those buttons M&M minis.
And I'm like, that does not sound... I would not want to play a system with M&M minis for buttons.
I would like to eat some M&M minis.
I do have Fred Flintstone thumbs, and that's going to be a problem.
Dan's got bigger thumbs.
Dan's got big, wide thumbs.
One, two, three, four.
I declare a thumb war.
Dan's pretty vicious at thumb war.
All right.
Well, I think we're going to go ahead and give Bobby a call.
I think he's back.
Well, I know he's back because he's in the chat room.
And he should be standing by.
So I just got to punch in his digits.
I have to look up his digits so I can do that.
Live radio.
It's great.
If you want to join us in our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com as we are broadcasting live on Ustream tonight.
Not our normal home.
But our special home just for the night.
This is our box out in front of the building.
There might also be some video things coming in the future.
I promise.
Keep the YouStream thing bookmarked.
And we're going to go to Bobby right now.
You know whenever he picks up the phone.
Hey, is it Bobby?
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm doing good.
You're better now.
You're better now that you're not in traffic.
I'm not near the Transformer that blew up or whatever Sweet Incidentally, you have to walk to Anaheim to meet us
Mm-hmm
I think we're just going to come down to LA live.
I'll text you tomorrow.
We can talk about that offline.
We will make it work.
LA will be our bitch.
Have you made LA your bitch, Bobby?
Fuck LA!
LA bows to me.
I heard you had a lot of Bethesda beer last night.
Yeah, I don't remember how much.
That's a good sign.
I fell off the ground at about five.
I saw there were Heinekens.
No, there were Newcastles.
That's what I meant, Newcastles.
Why did I say Heineken?
Oh, yeah.
Newcastle's the best ever.
How was the Bethesda party?
Did you ride the bull?
No, I didn't ride the bull.
I mainly felt like it was so packed.
Everybody was there, but it was so packed.
I tried to go out and mingle, and it was just like, I'm going back to my table with Electric Sisterhood, and I'm just going to sit here.
When they did karaoke, we changed the lyrics to every single song to Friday, except for the Journey song.
That was the only one we didn't turn into Friday.
But everything else somehow became talking about Friday and front seats and back seats, and which one do I take?
Because that's what's funny when you're drinking a bunch of Bethesda beer.
That's right.
Beer Thesda.
And we looked.
It was not a karaoke song or I would have sung it.
Did Ninja Assistant get on the bull?
No.
No, no.
One of the people from their crew did.
And he sang as well.
Ah, okay.
But...
Neither of the Fistas did
Um, it crashed on us, which was great.
Um, it crashed.
They're like, hmm, we need to do, we need to switch something out.
And so, like, the Skyrim logo came up and he, like, did some stuff and flashed some things and then, you know, okay, now we're continuing again.
Out of curiosity, did they tell you to shut off your video cameras?
Did they tell you to shut off your video cameras in that demo?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
No photos, no video cameras.
Um, that one you could record audio, like I could have recorded it in
No video cameras or anything in Bethesda's anything
I was going to say, though, you remember when we got into Bethesda, when we got the appointment with Bethesda the first year?
And they just like, go ahead and film Star Trek.
That's cool.
I think Star Trek was coming out soon.
I was filming Call of Cthulhu, too.
All right.
They're just like, please, please, film anything.
Just get it out there.
All right.
No, now with the rise of camera phones, yeah, leaks are, you know, they're instant.
You know, you're, oh, record it.
Oh, it's on YouTube.
And they just don't want to take that chance.
I understand.
I understand.
Sorry for the tangent, Bobby.
And they were watching.
They were watching for people if they happened to be holding up a phone or something.
And they had bats.
Now, here was one thing.
I heard a lot of people bitch about another RPG that came out a couple years ago that I played the sequel to today, Final Fantasy XIII.
and why am I bringing that up in reference to Skyrim?
Because that whole Chrysanthemum, whatever it's called, that's your skill system in Skyrim.
Interesting.
Huh.
The way that you, basically you unlock these constellations in the sky and that's how you choose your skills and inside that there's a little ring where as you get more skill points you go to the next point of the ring and it creates a little circle and stuff like that.
That's
I mean, it's like, I looked at it and I'm like, that's Final Fantasy XIII right there.
And it's like, people hated it in Final Fantasy XIII, but they're probably going to love it in Skyrim.
That's right.
Yeah, see, I got it, because I didn't bring this up last night.
The public is an idiot.
I think.
Because I have heard so much snark and hate and stuff from the gaming community about everything.
Sitting in the chat room during the press conferences, you'd think that Microsoft took a big old dump in the middle of the stage and gave you Smell-O-Vision so you could smell it at home because they just hated everything.
They're like, why do all this stuff have Kinect?
Oh, Modern Warfare 3.
I don't want to see Modern Warfare 3.
Oh, it's another Halo.
Oh, wah, wah.
And, you know, and then like Nintendo's like, hey, this is like something you've never seen before.
I don't want that.
I don't want another Mario.
Y'all suck.
You know, and it's like, I mean, there's a lot of people out there that are like, dude, if you don't, you know, gaming may have moved on past you.
And you may need to just stop gaming if there's nothing that has been shown that you like.
You're a little bit too jaded to be a gamer, I think.
and I've been seeing that a lot.
It's not here at the show floor, like there's not that much hate here, it's all the people at home.
I like that in the absence of Loki tonight, we get Bobby doing the ranting.
That is not what I expected.
I thought it would be Dan, but we get Bobby doing the ranting.
But Bobby's ranting seems to come off a little bit more cerebral.
I'm trying to let Bobby rant because he sounds like he has some things he needs to work out.
I think he's right on.
Oh, exactly.
All I can say is agree, like times 10.
Likes this post.
Yeah, exactly.
Like.
People are idiots.
They just can't handle it.
Reggie hit it on the head, you know, and it's funny that he walked out in public and he just said it.
He's like, look, you guys want things that are different, but you want something that you're comfortable with.
Fine, we'll fucking do that.
We're Nintendo.
It's what we do.
Sony's just like...
Whatever, here's a better PSP in Uncharted Microsoft's like, connect!
And everybody's just like, oh my god Why can't there be something mind-blowing?
It's because the people are spoiled They got used to these blockbuster E3 announcements every year And now the blockbusters aren't good enough Because the gaming companies got practically nothing left Or they're just not willing to show it off yet Do you think the Microsoft thing might have come off a lot different If it hadn't been spoiled literally 30 minutes before showtime?
Yes
Halo 4 would have been much, much more important had everybody not known what was going on.
I think gamer underpants everywhere would have needed to be changed if that had not been spoiled.
Honestly, they should have led with Halo 4.
You think?
Exactly.
All right.
Anyway, I don't want to recap the press conferences.
I got to move forward here.
But Bobby Skyrim, was it as beautiful as it seems to look when I'm watching it on game trailers or wherever online?
Yes, and now they probably souped it up a little bit.
It was running on a big movie screen, but it looked and sounded beautiful.
You know, and then you have all the weather effects and changing the weather effects and stuff like that.
Does it look like... Go ahead.
Yeah?
Go ahead.
Go ahead, Matt.
I was going to say, does it seem like you'll sink as many hours into Skyrim as you did with Oblivion?
Because Oblivion, you could easily sink triple-digit hours into that game.
It was disgusting.
Yes, absolutely, because they even showed, like, they walked us through a town, and like, here's all the stuff that you can do in the town, and you could just go over here and chop wood, you can do jobs like at Fable, and you know, all that stuff.
So there's, you know, lots of other side quests, other than the main story that they're packing in here.
And, you know, the dragons are awesome.
Just, you know, watching, you know, how they fly around, and it's quick, and
All the stuff they're doing, and it's not like a patterned boss fight is what they said.
They said they've got AI, so no two dragon fights will be the same.
And even our guy got hit around a couple times you probably didn't expect.
They showed a couple different, like two dragon fights.
They showed a dragon fight where we ran away from, and then we met up with that dragon again, and then a bigger dragon showed up.
and it was just, you know, here, let me show you how you can do these spells.
And, you know, I can do this and I can shout this at him and I'll use this fireball on him and, you know, injure him so he hits the ground and, you know, runs up to a castle to see if other people will help him and the dragon goes up and eats those people.
It was awesome.
Do you think it'll make the release date of 11-11-11?
I believe they will.
It was, I mean, it was
They showed us all the menu systems and so all that stuff's coded in and I think that they're in the polishing phase right now other than that one bug that crashed the thing.
I think they will.
I think they'll make that.
I think people will be pleased with it.
Bethesda obviously does have the track record of releasing buggy games and games that crash and stuff.
I would not be surprised if that's the case here.
But, you know,
They've done that and all the stuff they've done with the menu system and the map system and kind of makes things more exciting and seamless and stuff.
They've simplified the combat.
The right trigger's your right hand and your left trigger's your left hand.
Whatever's in it, that's what goes.
There's your shield and your sword and stuff like that.
Do the monsters still level up with you?
They did not talk about that.
Interesting.
But I would assume that they would because they're Bethesda and they're evil like that.
All right.
Well, so was that the only thing that Bethesda showed you or did you get to see anything else?
I went to see their Prey 2 demonstration.
Okay.
And, you know, where it's alien noir is what they were calling it and stuff.
And, you know, running around...
and basically in this game you play as a US Marshal on a plane that crashed in the first game that you actually saw in the first game so you start off there and then you actually fast forward six months later to when you're like the only human on their alien planet and you're now doing jobs.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, so basically, and you do meet up with the character, they did say, spoiler alert, you do meet up with the character from Prey 1, eventually.
Interesting, okay.
But basically, you are a mercenary for hire, because you used to be a U.S.
Marshal, so that's why you had a gun on the plane when it crashed into whatever in Prey 1.
So he basically took those skills, and now he's a mercenary, a human mercenary, on the homeworld of the aliens.
and he's actually taking jobs for the aliens.
He can go through and help people or hurt people and he can corral people in and thugs will attack you as you go through this big open world thing on their alien planet.
So that was kind of interesting and I watched that until that crashed.
Uh oh.
Because he was like, I need to go up to this guy and there's a climbing thing and so he starts climbing up and his arm starts going through the wall and then it just freezes.
So it sounds like... Go ahead.
And so that was like, and I'm like, you know, I've seen this.
It's cool.
I'm sold.
I'm going to go check out something else.
Because, you know, that was 15 minutes into the demo, and I didn't know how long it would take them to get the demo back up and if they'd be in the same spot.
So that's all I saw.
And then since I don't like shooters, I still went over to Rage and The Racing.
so I could see how that was and it's very smooth and very fluid and I did the little three lap race and stuff but it's those enemies are a little cheap because it's I couldn't figure out how to defend myself against the missiles that they kept throwing at me so anytime I would get into third out of four anytime I got into third place I would immediately like blow up and there's nothing I could do about it they're like incoming I'm like okay what do I do okay I'll go around this corner oh it's a homing missile damn I'm blown up again
At least you gave it the good old college try.
I did.
That's what I did in the Bethesda booth.
I'm trying to think of what else I looked at and played today.
I went in and my other appointment was with CCP Games.
It was a PowerPoint presentation with some videos embedded in about how they're going to be working Dust 5.4 into EVE Online and
essentially they were talking about their vision and the technology and it's really neat and I've learned the reason they're PS3 exclusive is because Sony has relaxed a lot of their rules on what they can and can't do on PSN and Microsoft wouldn't do that Dust 514 is a multiplayer only first person shooter and it is running on the exact same servers of EVE Online as in you're going to be in the same corporation
as EVE Online players.
You can transfer money and items between EVE Online and Dust 514.
Basically, Dust 514 is the only way you can be on a planet, and EVE Online is the only way you can be in space.
Wow.
And so corporations that already have wars going on now will have the added dimension of the wars in Dust 514.
And they will be fighting on the planet.
And yes, because you see this in the trailer, and they're like, yes, this is exactly how it works.
The people playing Dust 514 can call up to the people playing EVE Online in orbit around the planet and say, I need an orbital strike, I need a laser strike.
And the people playing EVE can then call down this big massive laser that's in orbit to incinerate something.
Dust514 is tailored for first person shooter fans who
Wow.
and also Dust514.
It's going to be a PSN title, downloadable, $20 or $30.
They didn't really say the price, but somewhere around there.
So it's a downloadable title and then it's free to play.
There's no monthly fee.
And that money, they call it a cover charge, is what they call buying the title.
And that money that you pay for that gets turned into in-game currency.
So you start off with money already in your account, which is
basically the market value of what you just paid for that cover charge.
Isn't that kind of how EVE Online works too?
I think you can buy, like they support real money trade because they endorse it, or they monitor it, they provide it.
Yeah, well, there's a monthly subscription for EVE Online, but if you're good enough, you can actually buy, they're called PLECs, Pilot License Extension Cards, in the game that give you 30 more days.
Oh, right, okay, okay.
And you can, you know, trade them in-game and stuff, like people, and that's how, you know, some corporations will actually pay people to play the game for them by giving them Plex.
Wow.
And you can do that, so, you know, yeah, so it's an amazing economy, and they were even talking about, you know, some of the wars and stuff that have gone on, and they even, like, actually referenced one of these player corporations in their trailer video, where it was...
I can't remember, it might have been like the Netherlands or something was where this corporation was from and they were fighting a Russian corporation in this one sector of space and you know the Russians were outpowering them and outmaneuvering them and stuff but the Dutch kept coming back and they couldn't figure out why and so there was espionage in the game by these corporations, CCP had nothing to do with this espionage in the game where they kind of figured out that the Americans were funding the Dutch because they didn't want to fight the Russians directly
So they cut off the trade route, wiped out that Dust Corporation, and that was the end of it.
So it's stuff like that, because they say games like World of Warcraft and EverQuest, those are theme parks, where there are quests given to you, and it's the same thing every time and stuff like that.
EVE Online, it's the sandbox.
They give you the stand, the bucket, the area, and you make the story.
And that's what they're saying that Dust 5.4 is going to do, it's the same type of thing.
and the reason it's geographically like that is because of time zones and stuff that's when people are playing and so they expect that that's going to be the same way and they did say that for latency if you're worried about lag since it's a first person shooter EVE Online can handle latency the first person shooters they're actually going to have battle servers in various parts of the world so you'll be connecting to that instead because their main EVE Online server cluster is in London
So currently when you play EVE Online, their supercomputer is in London.
And it's like, they said it weighs more than a ton.
They said how many machines it was, but they didn't, I can't remember the number, but they're going to have battle servers in geographic locations so you have a low ping when you're playing Dust 514 because most console games are peer-to-peer where one of the other
and PS3s is the server.
In this, the server is EVE Online and Sony was the only one that allowed them to do that.
Interesting.
And they also said that, because I asked, you know, you're infuriating a lot of PC players and stuff and they're like, EVE Online's been around for over eight years.
You can read between the lines on that.
KaiJudo asks,
when can I get my hands on some dust they are doing a very closed beta at the end of the year which is going to be closed in the sense of it's going to go to the high end EVE online players and you know handpicked people but sometime next year but they've been laying the groundwork for dust inside EVE for the last three years with their expansions like you know planetary building planetary formations and stuff like you could build refineries on planets that started two years ago that was in preparation for dust and that
and so on.
Dave just said, we're talking about our philosophy in creating games, and here's what we're trying to do, and here's what we've already done, and we're awesome.
And that's okay, because you've got so much information about it that you're still a little hyped for the game.
I mean, at the end of the day, it'll really be about, well, how does it pull off?
Because although it sounds awesome in theory, like, what if this breaks EVE Online?
But these...
Again, like you said, EVE Online's been around for eight years.
It may not be a quote-unquote competitor to WoW, but it's always been a great alternative to WoW.
I think of a game like Star Trek Online, which I played just a little bit during the beta, but Jamie, you were really into.
And the thing with Star Trek Online for me is that I loved the away team stuff, but I did not like the space combat at all.
But what if that was two separate games?
I could just play a game that's nothing but away team stuff.
I would have been all over that.
See, it actually kind of got turned around for me that I liked the space stuff.
See, you could play Eve, I could play Dust, and we could still kind of be in that same universe.
But that's cool.
That's always something I kind of wanted, you know, that you had your, I mean, yeah, it's a little different with Star Trek, but I think that I get the thing.
It would be really cool.
Wow.
So, interesting.
Fascinating.
You don't get off the ship, you're stuck there.
That was like the most fascinating part of my day.
Wow.
Alright, well, I don't know if you can follow that up with other impressions and other things you saw that maybe fascinated you a little bit.
Okay, well, no, I can.
And actually, I got an interview with this guy because, you know, I was kind of walking around and I passed by Nyko's booth.
You know, they make all those, you know, the extra peripherals or whatever.
And I'm like, usually I'm like, eh, it's Nyko.
This time I actually stopped and looked.
And...
What they've got is a device that might improve a lot for a lot of people, motion gaming.
It's called the Zoom.
And what this does, it's for the Kinect, and it basically, because Kinect fires out all these infrared lasers, and that's how it determines the positioning, it actually modifies where the lasers go, and it gives it a wide-angle lens, so now you don't have to stand as far away from your TV.
Nice.
So it basically... Instead of being six to eight feet away, you can now be four to six feet away.
And in true Nyko fashion, it'll kind of work.
Two players of Connect Adventures can be, you know, stand kind of where one player would stand before.
And it worked pretty well from what I was seeing on there.
So I have an interview with a guy talking about that and, you know, how much it's going to cost.
which is not that expensive.
It's only $30 and it's coming out in August.
That could be great for those of us that live in apartments and things where we're a little more cramped up or just if you have a lot of stuff like some people do.
That sounds great.
Or not want to have to move the coffee table every time you want to play Kinect.
I think that sounds like it could be an awesome peripheral if it works.
But it seems like if you were watching people play it at E3 that were normal people playing it, right?
Not all their people?
Right, I could have walked up and played it.
Nice.
You just didn't want anyone to get that on video.
Yeah.
But let's see, what else did I... I did play Final Fantasy XIII too.
How was that?
I don't know if Shane talked about that or not.
It is Final Fantasy XIII plus Shenmue.
With the quick time events and stuff.
and it built some other neat camera things and it is going to be a little bit more open-ended and stuff.
Because Final Fantasy XIII, it gave you that sense of urgency of the linearity of it and then when you weren't as urgent, then you could roam around.
Well, that sense of urgency is probably not going to be there as much in XIII too.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
Yep, and one of the things that happened to me is that a monster joined my party.
So I had a monster in my party.
I had my two humans and then like
This monster suddenly was in my party.
I don't know why.
I couldn't hear anything, so I didn't know if it was to explain in dialogue.
But depending on what paradigm you were in, that monster changed.
He was a little fire plant in commando mode, but when you turn him to Ravager, he turned into this big Cerberus thing.
So that was kind of cool.
And they introduced this, and I didn't really understand it all that much, once again, because I was on the show floor, but you've got a little Mog with you.
and when enemies appear a little countdown timer appears and however quick you hit the enemies that determines if you get the first hit or if they hit you first or whatever.
So that was kind of interesting and they did some of these cinematic events and live events and stuff while you're just walking around and you can still walk around and the camera will change to show something happening.
So it was kind of cool.
I'm sold on it.
But you also like XIII, right?
What?
You also like XIII.
You also like XIII, though, right?
And a lot of people didn't.
Yes, I like XIII.
So, you know, keep that in mind when I say that, that I, you know, since I like XIII, you know, I like XIII, too.
I like what they added to it.
But it is, you know, the core gameplay of the paradigm shifting and all that stuff, that's still there, XIII.
It didn't change, at least not what I saw.
Do you think that maybe there's enough there to kind of squelch the haters a little bit?
Oh, no.
Haters are going to hate.
All right.
Sounds familiar.
GamersHateEverything.com, right?
That's right.
All right.
Exactly.
So let's see.
I'm trying to think of what else I kind of walked by and got to see.
I was running around and stuff.
I did go into Atlas's booth a little bit.
in their little meeting room area that was open so I could get into it.
And they were showing Rock of Ages, which is the only one that they... Rock of Ages, and they were showing Catherine, and they were talking about other things, but those were kind of the only ones they were showing.
And I played Rock of Ages, and it's kind of hard... The thing about E3 that people don't realize is that a lot of times they dump you in the middle of things, and there's not always a tutorial.
and there's not always a guy standing there telling you, okay, here's what's going on.
So I had no clue what I was doing.
It's like a tower defense game and then it's Katamari Damacy but not really because it's not tank controls and you're trying to break down another guy's castle and it was kind of interesting.
I'm sure that I'd like it more if I played it, you know, knowing what I was doing but that one was kind of cool.
I didn't, you know, there was too many people for Catherine and the place was getting cramped so I didn't get to go in there.
Um,
So, trying to think of what else.
Do you remember seeing anything on my Twitter that I'm missing?
No, I mostly wanted to hear about Skyrim, though.
But you were getting some feedback on Twitter today.
Any good questions you were able to get answered for people on Twitter?
At Twitter.com slash BobbyBlackWolf?
I did.
I started answering questions, and then Loki actually answered them better than I did.
because they weren't giving me exact dates and he'd be like, oh no, that's coming out on February 12th.
One thing, I didn't get to play this yet, but a good colleague of mine, Shadow Next Gen, he's actually sitting right across from me right now.
Howdy.
He was able to get in to see the demo of Fable the Journey.
Oh, okay.
And we learned something that not many people are talking about.
What's that?
The game is not on rails.
Oh, it sure looked like it was on rails.
Okay, okay.
It sure looked like it, but according to Mr. Molyneux, who apparently gave that particular demo just because he had nothing else better to do, he said it's not on rails.
And you know you can believe everything that Molyneux says.
It's always dead on accurate.
Not overhyped at all.
Yeah Yeah
Now, the game I did play today, and this is the reason I forgot about this because it was the first one I did this morning.
I went to Disneyland already.
I've already been to Disneyland.
You went to play Disneyland Adventures, huh?
I did.
I played Connected Adventures with Disney characters.
And that one, the way that you move in that, and it's kind of interesting and funny, like in the overworld, the Disneyland area, they actually have like the quest markers that look just like tables, like the little yellow circles around things.
Yes.
It's that.
It's that with Alice in Wonderland characters.
Um, so, it basically, you know, when you guys are saying it's connected ventures with Disney, that's pretty much what it is.
Also, I guess to me, like, I didn't get to do the Peter Pan one, but it's been a while since I've been there, but it's not a one-to-one representation of the ride.
At least I hope the Alice in Wonderland ride is not you in a golf ball with Alice hitting you
and sending you down and all these cards are trying to get in your way and you have to jump over them.
I can guarantee you the ride is not like that.
Bobby, you will not have to worry.
If we do end up going on that ride on Friday, we will not get pelt golf balls at you unless you want that full experience because we are going for research purposes.
That's only on It's a Small World.
At least that's what you feel like by the time you get out of it.
When a small world breaks down, the puppets start pelting things at you.
Oh, I've been in there during Christmas.
All those people are actually people who were trapped inside of the ride when it broke down.
And they were turned into little mannequins.
And then you sing forever.
So was it enough to make you go, gosh, I might actually kind of want to get this game?
Or were you like, nah, this is just the same crap with a new label?
I said, gosh, I might want to put this game on my Gamefly queue.
Okay, kind of in the middle, alright.
Get it from Gamefly, get my achievements, then get out, right?
Yeah.
Fair enough.
Yeah.
Nice.
So, other than that, I'm really, I mean, I talked to the PlayStation Home developers a little bit.
Oh?
And I'm probably going to be doing an interview with them, because Blender...
asked me about, you know, because they're in this big freezing bug, and they, you know, I was talking to some people that actually work on, I think, content creation and stuff, but they were like, yeah, we addressed that finally, like, you know, yesterday, and, you know, blah, blah, blah, and they have, like, things that they want people to do if they encounter, like, we want this far and wide, and I'm like, so are you willing to go on the air about that?
And they're like, ooh, I'd love to, but I've got to talk to PR, so I may have this huge PS Home interview
Tomorrow.
I'm soliciting questions on Twitter tonight.
Some people have sent me some real good ones.
Wow.
But I may be able to record an interview there.
I bet there's a lot of questions people have about PlayStation Home.
Like, when's it getting out of beta?
Is it a Google product?
Yeah.
So, I think it's out of beta.
Didn't they take the word beta out of home?
No, when I launched it earlier today, or last night, you know how I went into PlayStation Home and it was completely on accident?
I meant to go in the store, and I accidentally, because my thumbs are fat like Fred Flintstone, I went up and I went into PlayStation Home instead.
And I was like, well, shit, now that I launched this, I might as well just kind of look around.
I clearly noticed the beta tag still on it.
And I was like, hasn't this been around for like two years now?
At least.
At least.
And then I did kind of walk through the IndieCade booth, which is all the independent games, where they had NerdTwister as an actual twister with a voice telling you where to put your next hand or foot, on what color.
But the way that they did it, I think they called it Twister Annapolis 5000.
It's a race.
everybody starts at the end and I posted a picture of this on Twitter and it says real long twister board and everybody starts at one end of the twister board and it says okay right hand blue and so you put your right hand on blue and you know and you're trying to go forward and whoever makes it to the end first without losing one of their you know without raising one of your other hands they're declared the winner so that that was
Now, that was not the craziest thing that I saw in the indicator.
Oh dear, okay.
And I wanted to get a picture of this, but by the time I thought about getting the picture of it, they were not playing it anymore.
It is called a kiss controller.
A what?
Where a kiss controller.
Okay.
As in... I thought he said a tits controller.
You kiss this little device, you kiss this little device, and that actually like, they were showing like it does a bowling game.
And the better kissers you are, the better...
I didn't want to approach it because I didn't want you to do it myself.
I wanted to get a picture of somebody else doing it.
Interesting.
Wow, they were putting those booth babes to work, weren't they?
I was like, and there was this other game that had like a gas mask, and I didn't know what that was.
I don't know what that was.
But the guy was wearing like a full-on gas mask and playing, you know,
and DarkSakura.
well now Bobby I know you've got one more day left at E3 and I know as part of your day tomorrow you're going to continue your Twitter adventures where you let the listeners of your show and the OLR listeners who jump in there and want to follow you and direct you around too look at whatever but what else haven't you seen yet that you're like I've got to get this tomorrow before this stuff's done okay well I want to see what everybody's talking about with Saints Row the 3rd
I want to see Child of Eden if I can find it you just need to talk to Miklatov because that's exactly what he talked to us about today were those two games yeah so I this is not for the show for this show but no I mean I want to see both of those because also like even like Loki was twittering me have you seen go see Saints Row go see Saints Row and I'm like okay I will I promise I just wasn't in that hall I've been in the for two days now I've pretty much been in the hall that like Sony and Nintendo was in so I think I'm done there
and I'm going to go try to spend as much as I can in the main hall.
I'm considering trying to get in the line for the Vita, but if it's really longer than the Wii U line, I think I'm going to skip on that.
Yeah, Miklatov waited four hours today, so take it or leave it, I guess.
But he said it was worth it.
But of course, then he continued to say, I'm not waiting in that Wii U line, so... I don't know.
Yeah.
Yeah, so...
I don't know.
I may or may not do that.
I don't think so.
I really need to catch up on some stuff.
I want to see if I can get into the Fable Room to see that and really just kind of go around and see the stuff that's in that hall because that's where they've got a video game museum has a booth here.
I want to kind of stop by and see that and see if there's other Tensha Hall type companies in that area that I haven't gone in and seen
I haven't seen Dead Island yet.
I saw where it was in Square Enix's booth, but I haven't actually seen it yet.
If you're going to go see Dead Island, you've got to run up to Aubrey and talk to her like she sends out her emails to everybody.
OMG!
She is not on the floor.
She's up in the meeting room suites, and I was unsuccessful in getting an appointment up there.
Ah, bummer.
I've even tweeted her.
I'm like, look, I just want to say hi.
How does this happen?
I don't have an appointment, but I'd like to make an appointment to say hi for 30 seconds.
How does this happen?
And I got no response.
She's probably like, ew, a creepy stalker, ew.
I'm just kidding.
She's a creepy stalker.
All right.
Well, Bobby, I know some of the stuff you're going to see tomorrow at the show you will give more impressions on on your own show, which, of course, Sunday night at All Games Radio or more information available at BobbyBlackwolf.com, right?
That's right.
All right.
8 p.m.
Eastern, 5 p.m.
Pacific.
I'll talk about that stuff.
And like I said, I'll actually talk about the Wii U games because we didn't really talk about the games.
We just talked about the controller itself.
Right.
I'll talk about some of the conceptual demos.
and more of that stuff.
Hey, we might have a very famous person's bumper premiere this Sunday.
Ooh, exciting.
That'll be very, very cool.
Unfortunately, we won't be here to hear it because we'll be on our way back from L.A.
So, Bobby, if you want, you can go along.
I could.
You'll hear it tomorrow.
You'll hear the bumper tomorrow.
Oh, okay, okay.
Good.
I'm excited.
Ooh, I get a sneak peek.
All right, awesome.
Yay, us.
That's right.
Awesome.
Exciting early preview.
But Bobby's going to make me sign an NDA, so sorry, guys.
I won't be able to tell you what it is.
You'll have to tune in Sunday.
NDA or I get thrown off the Matterhorn.
All right.
Well, Bobby, thank you so much, not only for contributing to our show, but making it your show as well.
We really appreciate that.
You've supported us forever, and we appreciate you sharing your E3 with us and being so dedicated and missing Bethesda beer for a little bit last night to talk to us and whatever you might be doing tonight.
So I really appreciate it.
We all do.
And one last kind of off-topic thing.
As we were leaving E3, I'm walking along, and there's a guy walking toward me.
I recognize him somewhat.
He's not looking up, so he almost runs into me because I start trying to get his attention by getting in his face.
And DJ Tyrant almost ran right through me.
I didn't think he was going to the show floor today.
I wonder what he did.
All right, well.
No, no, no.
He's going to a party tonight, and since his girlfriend has never been to E3, he basically took her over there just so they could see what was in the lobby and stuff.
Oh, I got you.
but they're going to some party, one of the E3 parties we got an invite to tonight.
Cool.
So that's why they were there.
He was going as the place was closing and we were leaving and I recognized him so I got him, you know, and so he almost pulled me over.
How funny.
It's a small world.
I met up with DJ Tyrant today.
Nice.
Nice.
All right.
Well, we'll be meeting up with you tomorrow, Bobby.
Of course, sadly, those antics are not going to be broadcast, but we're looking forward to the post E3 party in the Magic Kingdom at Electronica Friday night.
We hopefully will get maybe a little bit of video at Flynn's.
I don't know.
If DarkSakura wears something pretty and she's willing to be on camera, maybe we can get something at Flynn's.
That would be fun.
Perhaps.
Perhaps.
All right.
And I cannot wait for that gift shop to take all my money.
I know.
I wish they could take all my money.
It's going to be like some of the reaction I saw to the Wii U. Just take my money, Nintendo.
Just take it.
Here you go.
All right.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Be safe tomorrow and tonight.
Whatever you end up doing, we'll see you tomorrow.
All right.
Take care.
Take care, Bobby.
The one and only Bobby Blackwolf Of course doing the show before us at All Games Radio Sunday nights He starts at 5 Pacific We start at 6 Pacific on Sunday nights We will not be live this coming Sunday But he will and it sounds like he's going to have a hell of a show He's going to have a celebrity bumper More impressions on the Wii U So he could just take the whole four hours for all I care
Well, that's it for our guests, but I'm going to go ahead and open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
I notice we don't have nearly the turnout tonight live that we did last night.
I think a lot of that is that most of what you guys have been able to watch and see you saw in those press conferences, so maybe it's kind of out of your system at this point.
But I don't know.
If it's open, if anyone does want to call us, give us a call.
Again, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Well, we just actually had a Facebook post by Naoki.
Oh, what did Naoki say on Facebook?
Hot news.
The guy who's behind, he's a producer of DDR recently, right?
The 2011's new DDR has been announced for Wii.
Its name is Dance Dance Revolution 2.
Its title concept is Back to Basic.
The originality of DDR is the part where you play with your feet.
We have concentrated on that part and created the content so that it will pursue the gameplay of traditional DDR.
P.S.
Not only for the casual fans, but we consider this title will be something that can be enjoyed by core DDR fans for a long period of time as well.
We are aiming for the release of the title for this fall.
We will do our best to respond to your expectations, so please look forward for it.
Very interesting.
So Naoki's saying the DDR2 on the Wii is going back to basics.
Basically, without saying it, none of this balance board and flinging the Wii mode around gimmicky shit.
He's saying it is back to feet.
Because that's what makes DDR fun?
Sure.
Forget it.
Is it a new feature?
Where's my sad trombone?
I don't have the soundboard right now.
Dude, you guys harmonized.
That was awesome.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
After the Wii U was revealed And my question to you guys Do you think that's a big deal?
It was right after the keynote It went down to 16,970 yen That's roughly 212 dollars But that is down 5% A low that the company has not seen Since before the launch of the original Wii
is this damning for them or is this eh whatever I think it's people being fickle and then you know not thinking about it so but if I'm not mistaken most of the gamers I'm seeing posting on Twitter I mean no offense guys but I don't think it's the same people that are following the Japanese stock exchange or having a lot of impact on that or even know what stock is apart from chicken now hold on I won't go that far I'm sure people have investments and things it's a knee jerk reaction you know the stockholders
I wasn't like that, but I'll buy one
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And more fictional amounts.
Well, you know, one thing that I did read about price is that even though Nintendo has not said anything, I guess there's been hints from things like, you know, conversations with executives indirect.
It will not be out for $250.
Oh, no.
So we're looking at least probably $299 for this thing, if not maybe even jumping up $349 or something.
Well, with all the competition, you know, out there at...
What?
Is it sub $200 now for a 360?
Oh yeah.
And $200 for the top end 360 or PS3.
You gotta wonder how far Nintendo can push that without seeing the competition get some bump from it.
Now, speaking of stock, and I wanted to mention this, but I'll let the chatter say it, because they said it too, chat.orangelaunchradio.com, Zappy says, stocks fluctuate, not a big deal, Apple went down too after Worldwide Developer Conference, and that's the first thing that came to my mind, is that, well, don't these things usually dip after Apple press conferences, and especially when all the stuff happened with the antenna, you know, and their little apology press conference they did with that, I'm sure stock dips for them a lot too, but they...
They're Apple, and they're still doing just fine all these years later.
Yeah, they're making a couple bucks.
Just a couple bucks.
Not doing too bad.
Now, several people in chat have mentioned this, and BlackWolf's now saying, he's in chat now, kind of cooling off with the listeners there, talking to them.
Did you guys cover that Nintendo announced that they were ditching friend codes?
I had not heard that until I walked into the studio.
Somebody posted it in chat earlier, but apparently Nintendo will be ditching friend codes for the Wii U.
Good.
Finally!
Seems like a solid idea.
Good job.
That is one way to get the hardcore gamer base back.
That's smart.
I wonder if they've said much more about online.
Let me look.
Tiger Claws giving us a little link here so we can take a peek.
Let's see.
I'm going right now to the story at MTV multiplayer blog.
because MTV is all about the video games.
On hand at E3, Ubisoft producer Adrian Blunt According to him, the day of friend codes are gone Demonstrating Ghost Recon Online for the Wii U I asked him, equivalent to a gamer tag on Xbox Live?
Yeah, exactly, he said There's a few things on that The first is the ability for individuals to make accounts Rather than a machine having an account, each individual user has an account
He continued saying, You know what that sounds like to me?
Remember a couple weeks ago on the show, we were speculating that the system tied into Facebook somehow?
I don't think it's like exactly Facebook but I bet you anything this whole like find your friends online is going to be some type of maybe that's where the Nintendo stream comes in folks maybe the Nintendo stream is the online component and the stream is so and so has been playing Super Mario Wii and so and so just got caught in catch me I see Dan laughing over there you think I'm full of it or oh no no I was laughing about the fact that Nintendo has products called the Wii and the stream
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But I'm just having fun with the what-ifs.
But I still think the Facebook concept of Nintendo Book... For the record, I got mildly curious, and there are already a full page of search results for Wii U fan pages.
Tiger Claw in our chat says, I bet the gamer tag thing Nintendo has coming is tied to your Club Nintendo account.
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
so and so filled out a survey and said something about you hide yeah exactly hide no I do that too but it's just frustrating that bullshit shows up in the first place yeah but if Nintendo were to somehow kind of contain all that a little better might be interesting
and DarkSakura.
is apparently using 360 and PlayStation 3 footage.
And a lot of people are going, fail Nintendo.
Oh, Nintendo, why didn't you tell people this is 360 PS3?
You're lying, Nintendo.
And I'm kind of thinking, is this really a big deal?
Why?
I kind of figured it was PC or 360 footage because, I don't know, the system's a year away.
I know, right?
But they've got the licenses for it.
And keep in mind, for all the third-party stuff, it's probably what they've been provided by the developers.
Absolutely right.
Absolutely right.
And I bet a lot of these deals were probably sealed a month, two months ago.
Very short time.
These games are concepts still.
And I can tell you this.
And this is from a designer.
When you're working for a client and you say, okay, well, you want me to advertise this product for you, I need some of your images.
They will send you what they have of the item.
They don't care how big it is.
They don't care what it originally was on.
They're just sending you pictures of the item, what their PR has approved.
So you get what they give you.
Whatever, you're Nintendo, how stupid can you be?
Seriously, I know exactly what you're saying.
I remember back in the Genesis days and the Atari days where they'd show a screenshot of a game and it'd be for all these systems and you know it was the screenshot of the best looking version.
But Nintendo's out there to make a statement.
Nintendo's out there to say, this is our system and this is what it could do.
Okay, fine, do what you gotta do.
Put the code on your PC mock-up of the Wii U and play the game and hope that it runs.
And if it runs, great.
Put it on your video.
Don't throw these pictures out into the world and be like, this is what our system will do.
And then like a day later be like, oh, by the way, yeah, that's the competition system.
No.
No.
At least don't admit it.
Lie.
You've lied before.
Dungeon Buster says they're placeholders to give the crowd an impression of what it could do.
Right, exactly.
And I understand that.
I have no problem with that.
I have a problem with that.
You have a problem with everything.
No, I don't.
I'm not mad.
I have a problem with you.
Yes, of course you do.
It wasn't, I mean, the smarter thing to do would have been to put in super tiny print in the bottom corner like conceptual video based on existing game footage or something just to cover their ass.
Whatever, but they didn't do that.
They put those pictures out there.
They put the pictures, especially, you know, the one game in there that really got a pop was when Ninja Gaiden showed up.
Right.
And everybody was like, oh, fuck, it's Ninja Gaiden.
And it's on the Wii U and it looks really, really cool.
Yeah, you should have known that was the PS3 version or the 360 version, kids.
The one that kind of left me like, okay, maybe it wasn't smart to do that was the Ghost Recon where they were showing the scope and it gave you that impression that somebody was using their little Wii U controller as the scope.
That's what it looked like to me, but it was often the 360 version or the PS3 version.
But if it's true about the guts of this machine, it's gonna be basically a 360 with some extra little frills.
Maybe a boost in the RAM, a boost in the shading, graphical components of it, and so forth.
I mean, Nintendo's going all in that their system has to be at least as good as the 360 or the PS3.
Systems that have existed for five years now.
So I think it's safe to say their system will be graphically capable of more than that.
Absolutely.
It's going to at least be this level of graphics, this generation.
And that is why they did show that little, for what it's worth, that little random ass Asian flower flying in the bird into the pool and everybody went, shit, that looks...
That was the Wii U. That doesn't exist anywhere else.
Well, that was the Wii U's development system.
Right.
Which, you know, is a high-spec PC.
So, and if I see, okay, well, that's capable, then I'm sure they can pull off the 360 PS3 stuff.
It's like, you remember back in the day when the PlayStation demo disc was out and it had all the ducks in, you know, all over the water?
And that T-Rex?
And the T-Rex.
And everyone was like, oh, wow, that's neat.
And how many games did we get that really looked like that until the end of the PlayStation's life?
True.
Well, right.
It's just that kind of thing.
It's so early.
People are obsessing over the tiniest detail of a system that's a year and a half away.
And will change.
And will not be the same when it comes out.
It'll be better.
It'll be better than the stuff that's out there now.
It can't not be because you cannot buy...
Graphical components that are as weak as the stuff that's in the PS3 and the 360 now It doesn't exist They're going to be better They're not going to be next generation better They're going to be peak of this generation better
What was that?
from the chat room, Colibri for Wii U. Yeah, that was me.
That was Jamie.
I kind of, though, one of the fears that I have is that it's going to pull a Dreamcast.
That since it's coming out well before other systems of this nature, do you think that it might actually end up shooting itself in the foot?
No, because it's Nintendo and Sega only ever really had Sonic.
You know, I mean, I'm saying like as far as like catching and getting people and drawing them in and so forth.
I mean, if Nintendo's launching with a Smash Brothers game, they got nothing to worry about.
Nintendo's not launching with a Smash Brothers game.
It won't be out until that system's first holiday season.
Interesting.
Which will be the season that comes out?
I think the only system that ever launched with a Smash Brothers game, at least close to launched, was the Cube, right?
Which, by the way, we found out today, you won't be playing that on the Wii U. Because the Wii U has taken out the GameCube compatibility.
That's right.
You know what?
We've got a GameCube.
Don't care.
I know.
I'm kind of like that.
I'm not too surprised about that.
Because Nintendo usually doesn't do backwards compatible two generations back.
It's kind of like your DS3DS or whatever won't play Game Boy Advance games.
You know, they took that out way back in the DSi, right?
Yeah.
So, I mean, that...
However, our PS3 will play PS1 games You couldn't play Game Boy games on your DS even though the slot was the same size Your PS3 will play Atari 2600 games It's not even the same company It's amazing
All right.
Well, I guess everybody's being shy tonight.
We're not getting any calls.
That's okay.
What's up with that, people?
Fuck you, people.
I mean, hi.
I've closed the Skype line.
It's your chance to call.
See, now you guys can't call and talk to me.
That's right.
I've decided not to do it.
Let's go get Pinkberry.
I already had Pinkberry today.
And it sucked.
You're trying to make me fat.
We are going to wrap up our E3 coverage, however, and call it a night.
I know we didn't go as long as last night, but let's face it, all the news, most of it was yesterday.
But I want to thank again Bobby Blackwolf and Miklatov for their on-the-floor impressions.
I learned a lot from that.
I learned a lot more from that than I did from some of these press conferences.
So big thanks to them as well.
And thanks to you guys for tuning in and listening to us over the past couple days.
Just programming notes coming up.
We will not be doing this.
Rhonda said he was going to call, but he was in the bathroom.
Loser!
Alright, fine, I'll open it up again.
Hold on.
I just called him a loser.
We had the freaking line open for like ten minutes.
That must have been the biggest poop in the world.
Some people are lactose intolerant, Rob.
Hold on, I'm logging in.
Yeah, fuck lactose!
Hold on.
Firing up Skype.
See, we make these exceptions for Ranma.
This is professional radio.
I know, right?
We don't care about your shit.
We just care about your call, not your poop.
All right.
Live radio, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Programming note, we will not be back tomorrow.
We will not be live as usual on Sunday, which means there's no additional show on the podcast feed this week.
DarkSakura and I will be in L.A.
Well, we'll be coming back from L.A.
on Sunday.
We have to go stop at the Bravo Cheese Farm.
Oh, God.
Live from the Bravo Cheese Farm.
We will be back.
Says it shows you offline, Rob.
Call anyway.
I am on.
I guarantee you it's on.
He says he's on, so get bent.
Did you just tell someone to get bent?
I told Ranma to.
Jamie, shut up.
All right.
June the 19th, we will be back live at All Games Radio.
For more information, visit our website at Orange Lounge Radio.
Yeah, Missy is a cheese farm.
They grow cheese on vines.
Not letting us go all night.
You know what?
I'll just try calling him.
Do it.
Fuck this.
Oh, I don't see him online either.
This is a problem.
Skype fail.
This is a Skype emergency.
There we go.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Whoever could this be?
You guys are just so loving, you know?
Four weeks later.
Just so loving.
Yeah, yeah, what do you want?
Well, I just have one thing to say, pretty much.
Yes.
I can't take it anymore.
I'm sick of it.
And I'm finally going to file divorce.
From?
Nintendo.
Oh my gosh.
Somebody call Judge Mabel.
But who are you cosplay?
Why do you make Nintendo hit you, Ranma?
I...
After that presentation and my friends going nuts on Twitter about their presser, we kind of came to agreement that Nintendo is that abusive girlfriend that you always take back, just thinking that things are going to be different the next time around.
There is genuine concern in the chatroom what will happen to Black Luigi.
He will be replaced by Shadow the Hedgehog.
Yeah.
Oh my god, that's trading down really, really, really far.
And I'm a Sega fan.
A Shadow?
Really?
Or at least be Knuckles.
and DarkSakura.
I gotta talk more about why this Nintendo hatred I have to admit I loved it when Reggie came out and we've said this before and said gamers want this and they want this so whatever you guys are confusing but here I don't know what gamers he's listening to but I didn't ask for a 6 inch Android tablet with a hacked classic controller on each side
I didn't ask for that.
I just want one of those as a system.
You don't want to put it on your table and play Othello?
No.
That would be awesome for Gauntlet.
It looks like they hired Ben Heck to make it.
What about, though, the fact, though, Ranma, that we are still a year away?
I mean, the reason why I'm still kind of like, it was all right.
Their presentation was fine.
I'm not, like, super excited about it.
I'm going to buy one anyway because I'm a consumer whore and I buy them all.
But I'm like, we're not really going to see this system for another year.
Maybe by then they'll actually get their shit together.
So are you basically giving your abusive girlfriend a year to shape up or ship out?
I suppose so, but it's okay, because I will be marrying its younger sister, the 3DS Ah, so the 3DS, you were a fan of all the stuff you saw there Okay, yes, Mario Kart, yes, I am a Mario Kart whore like nobody else's business
That's a given.
And I missed Super Mario, but I went back and watched a trailer for it, and I said, this is the Mario game I've been looking for.
A 3D platformer that plays like 2D, but it's 3.
This is what I wanted.
I will sit here and play that.
I'm not too fond.
It's called Super Mario, but hey.
Whatever.
I think it might still be a working title.
So it seems to me that you've got this relationship with the big sister, but really you just want to sleep with the little sister.
Well, yeah, that's why I have a DS.
Okay.
Wow.
All right.
Well, Rob, any other closing thoughts on E3 before we let you go?
Let's see.
Microsoft was a bit of a snore.
Sony had me with the Vita.
And I'll say this right now.
Yes, the Vita with 3G powered by AT&T is going to be $299.
But I'm telling you, when it comes out, you'll be able to get it for $99.99 with a two-year contract.
Mark my words!
That's not how they sell iPads, though.
That's how they sell iPhones.
iPads, iPhones, netbooks for 3G.
Hell, it worked for the taco, didn't it?
Well, kinda.
Yeah, but we got ours for free.
I think this is a relevant question, Ranma, since you are Black Luigi.
And we call you that, just so people know, we call you that because whenever you cosplay and you're black and you dress up as Luigi...
You make your way on camera no matter who's there And we always see you on TV Oh, it's Black Luigi, there he is That's why you have that name And so, Tigerclaw in chat says Ranma, what do you think of Luigi's Mansion 2?
Since, you know, it's a game starring Luigi Nintendo finally showing some Luigi love
I'm all for it because, you know, I've always said this.
I've always said that Peach is nothing more than a whore.
Because Mario's always chasing after her to save her.
She doesn't freak out when Bowser kidnaps her.
Because it happens three times a month.
I know, and look, they're Koopa Kids, we all know who the mother is, you know, we already know.
I feel like you have designed this really weird, sick Mario RP world while really, really fucking high.
Actually, I was sober at the time, it was many years ago, and I said this to a friend of mine, and it broke him, and all my other friends were like, holy shit, that actually makes sense.
Bowser, you are the father.
Alright, anyway.
Luigi has a nice mansion, a nice car, his girl is in check, he's got the good life.
I mean, really.
But really, Luigi's Mansion, a 10-year-old game coming back.
You're all for it.
Yeah, believe it or not, I actually liked the first Luigi's Mansion.
I thought it was a fun game.
I think it's neat.
Hey Ranma, Princess Daisy don't want no scrub.
Pfft.
She has an eyeball in the back of her head.
Ranma, we're going to let you go.
It's true.
She has an eyeball in the back of her head.
She stays in the castle, okay?
Hey, she also plays mean, rounded tennis.
Why do you think Luigi got on one knee and proposed?
Ranma, I'm ending this conversation right now.
Have a good one.
Stay black.
All right.
Bye.
You know that Daisy does have an eyeball in the back of her head.
Oh, it was a graphic glitch.
But that was awesome still.
I like that someone in Mugen actually programmed an attack with the weird eye in the back of her head.
It's because people in Mugen have too much free time.
I know, it's great.
Okay, you're sitting on the internet doing a podcast about E3 and you're telling the Mugen people they have too much free time.
Way too much free time.
It's true.
All right, that's it.
We're ending the show.
Thank you guys for tuning into our E3 coverage, especially those of you that are tuned in, be it live or through the podcast feed.
We really appreciate it.
So we're going to take a little break, you know, because it's going to be dead next week with E3 being done.
Thanks for watching!
Thank you guys very much for tuning in again.
And if you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, all we ask, remember, we don't get paid for this and we don't have big money advertisements for this.
So just tell a friend or two or five about the show.
Word of mouth is so, so important.
And if you listened to this show for the first time because of the Ustream presence, because it was a new place for us, come join us at our normal place, OrangeLoungeRadio.com, Sunday nights at All Games Radio, and tune in and hear us there.
So that's it.
We're closing up shop.
Final thoughts, real quick though.
DarkSakura, your final E3 thought.
Pinkberry.
Because that has so much to do with E3.
My final E3 thought is boobies in Saints Row.
Dan, the man, thank you for being here, by the way, and filling in.
Appreciate it.
I live here.
I know.
Your final thought.
Peace, love, recycle.
Oh, and quit fucking bitching.
Goodnight everybody, we'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio.
