Together like the birds of a feather would be
Let's take that world before it and sing a chorus or two
Come on let's start me where the birds play right together with you
Play back together with you
Let's go, let's look at the show We're riding in the wonderland of the snow
Let's look at the show
We're riding in a wonderland of snow
Giddyup, giddyup, giddyup, it's grand
Just holding your hand
We're gladdening along with the song of the wind
To be fabulous
Our chicks are nice and rosy
And comfy and cozy, are we?
We're snuggled up together like the birds of a feather would be
Let's take that cold before we can sing another song or two
Come on, it's lovely weather for us Play right together with you
Play right together with you Play right together with you
Play back together
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
lounge radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Orange lounge may contain adult content, orange lounge may contain many more lemons,
words. Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity. Orange Lounge may contain plenty of
muh-uh-muh-ch-uh-muh-cocky. Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode, why isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
and now here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live!
And this is episode number 123 for this December the 19th of 2004, believe it or not, making
this the last show before Christmas, if you can believe it or not.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Skye, joining me as always are my awesome
co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie Summers, you know her better
Star Stacker Up!
I'm still bleeding out of my thumb.
You're bleeding?!
Out of my thumb.
It's going to be an ER edition tonight.
Oh my god, get the antibiotics!
Have you ever seen that real emergency trauma show but the one with pets?
Pets?
Do I ever watch TV?
Well I figured you might watch that.
If you have time for Iron Chef, you have time for this.
I download my Iron Chef and I'm pissed off about Supernova.
I have we're all a little pissed off about supernova, but I have the answer
When we get back, we'll talk about that a little bit also joining us tonight tech mass. Oh, okay
Not sure
Loki is at a holiday gathering tonight for his family. So he may come in a little bit later, but
We all know he may not be here. He's got no pressure to come back at any particular time
So you remember when Loki used to be here?
every single night for like two years religiously and I mean every single
night oh yeah here for the second episode and I wasn't I remember that
alright also joining us tonight we do have a special guest able to fill in for
the absence of a third coast say hello to DDR angel hello I will not be as
angsty as him I'm sorry that's alright maybe for once yeah this is what it is
you're listening to the kindler gentler orange songs radio the holiday cheery
edition oh a Jamie still here nevermind all right this is gonna be weird because
tonight I humbug I'm outnumbered by women we're still gamers so what's your
point Oh girls play games I did nothing but play games for the past three days
days in a row okay and it was all fantasy star online which is a good segue into how
was your week how was your day ha ha ha all right we'll get into that all a little bit
more in a little bit uh but first we're gonna take a quick break featuring the mandatory
song you know we have to play tonight but we're only gonna play it once this week okay
because too many of you bitched last week but because it is christmas week here we have
to play it you already know you if you don't know what song I'm talking about
you obviously have been playing DDR very long but that's okay we're here to help
you noob all right do I smell a newbie we'll be back after this hey join our
Click on our chatroom, www.orangesonstrader.com, click on chat, we'll be back.
It's such a special day
Tonight is the night for our love yous
Wish we could have this evening
The years of Christmas is here
Christmas is here
Night falls on you
And if you hold me near you
My heart is beating, but you won't let me down
Nightfall is my time
I'm falling, snow is falling
I'm a thousand feet, heart is flowing
Christmas is here
You guys know what? The chat room was demanding more Silent Hill, so here you go.
I cry out of my head And I don't know what I've found
Over and over, I feel a great mental
Waiting for a gentle wave
A gentle wave, a gentle wave
On the sidewalk, on the city, on the streets, just don't whisper
Busy people, goin' nowhere, see me talkin' no rain
Not for passion, nothin' matters, my resistance is waning
Like a flower in a basement waiting for our love, yeah
It's got to fall over The rain that blows in the wind is dancing
It would be a much better fight With you, with me
If you hadn't met me, I'd be fine on my own, baby
Never felt so lonely then you came along
So now what should I do?
I'm strung out, addicted to you
My body aches now that you're gone
My surprise fell through
And they gave me everything you had and more
It craves my happiness
When you made me feel joy and made you smile
But now I feel your stress
Love was never meant to be such a crazy affair, no
And who has time but you?
Never thought I'd sit around and unravel your love
Up until now
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 123 on your radio right now.
And I apologize to you guys if you're hearing a little bit of a buzz in the background tonight.
One of our cords, I think it's a little bit stripped, so we've got to get it replaced
and I think that stripping is causing the buzz, so we'll look into getting that replaced
before the new year, but for tonight, you're gonna have to deal with it, so I apologize.
Anyway, so here we are, almost at the end of 2004, just when I was finally remembering
to write 04 on my checks instead of 03, the damn year's almost over, and now I'm gonna
have to start writing 05, or I'm really gonna be screwed. So, what's first, presents or
How was your week? How was your week?
Presents!
Presents first?
You mean we're going to make an exception?
Presents!
The rule that we always do?
Presents!
Alright.
Fair enough.
I mean presents are, you know.
Okay.
Now.
Yeah, I know.
Loki ran away.
We'll get him back.
Loki came home, by the way.
Loki came home during the break, so I don't know if he's going to be involved in this
show tonight or if he's going to be kind of in and out or whatever, but he's here and
he's trying to get our webcam up and running as well over on OrangeLaunchRadio.com, so check
that out.
Um.
Also, joining.
Because it's up and running.
it's not on the website yet. I gotta turn on the switch on the website. Also joining
us tonight, we have Arcadian 42 came in during the break. You know it's 6.30, buddy, right?
No, I'm just kidding. Do we have a mic for Arcadian? Was there another mic over there?
There should be another mic over there. There should be. Somewhere. We get it? Under the
rubble. There you go. Can you hear me? It's under the big Christmas present montage there
we have all of Loki's presents. By the way, I'd just like to point out, I have not started
my shopping yet. So, even though we are going to be doing a little bit of gifts tonight,
it just makes Christmas last longer if I don't give my gifts until next week. And then I...
That's what you're calling it. No, well, I'm not going to break my Christmas tradition
of doing all my shopping on Christmas Eve. So, sorry. Shop the day after Christmas. Or
that. That's even better, honestly. Because I've been telling everyone to get me gift
cards. Oh, gift cards are awesome. So I can take advantage of those with sales. Didn't
I get you a gift card last year? I think you did. I think you're probably going to get
another one this year cuz they're the easiest presents to buy. And you know what? I went
the day after Christmas. Exactly. It's a good gift to get. Alright, presents. Then, Jamie,
you better go first. What's this first present you have here? This is something from Angel.
I think it's like a couple of 40s. It's about... Is it bigger than a bread box? Uh, lengthwise,
no. Here's the thing. Jamie has to guess her present in 20 questions or less or we're gonna
smash it in front of everybody. No! No, I'm gonna... I'll guess after I open it. Alright.
It's beer. By the way, while Jamie is opening her gift, we have a request from the chat
room. At some point tonight... What'd you get, Jamie? It's the cocoa mug set with teddy
the
pro in the angel said they're going to see jamie needs a little more cute once
in awhile
it's very cute
and so i was creating a way to be happy
start about that
arch at room over doors are completely out yet
they're requesting that at some point tonight
in his best christmas voice
that loki says
god bless us
everyone
it is best I need 10 boys that's when hell freezes over at some point tonight
Loki that's all they want for Christmas I'm sure you can do it all right I'm
going next I'm gonna open angel got me two things which one should I open first
angel okay I'm gonna do this one which happens to be the same size as the one
that Jamie got me so I'm hoping it's going to scream if it's the same thing I
got you open Jamie's first so you can still give this to somebody while it's
still wrapped just in case right angel all right here we go then I'm gonna
open Jamie's first at angel's request here we go ready it's beginning to look
a lot like Christmas I hope it's a severed head that's a little flat for a
severed head maybe you put it in a blender pureed head you like tape Jamie
me? Okay, I suck at gift wrapping, so bite me. This is the worst paper ever. Oh, is this
a Final Fantasy XI soundtrack? Yes, it is. What a cool! Oh, that's awesome. Because you
know I'm an addict and everything. Mm-hmm. Is that the same thing you got, Angel? It
it is. I have been looking at that, that for three months, cause I knew three months ago
that's what I was going by for you. Aww poor Angel. I guess I'm easy to shop for, yet at
the same time very difficult. Well thank you both, it's a very, very nice thing. Thank
you Jamie. You're gonna be able to do something with that right Angel? Sure. She says sure.
has no idea. Okay. Alright. I'm going to open this. A present from Angel and it's in a like
trapezoid style box. All I can see is limited guarantee. Because I need that, don't I? It's
a Jenny Craig gift pack. Oh, it's a case for the DS. Good, because I need one of those.
I really do.
See?
It's a traveling thing.
Ah, because I travel so damn much.
I got a traveling case for the DS.
Good.
It's hard, just like I like it.
Alright.
Oh, so I do get to open this?
Oh.
Okay.
So, it wasn't the same thing.
Angel was just fucking with me.
Alright, that's fine.
Fair enough.
Um, sure!
Okay, let's see.
what
she was totally fucking with me
uh... all my god i was just looking at this yesterday and i almost bought it
that is so what funny
it's being pals for the bs
kalai
it's a whole ds
it's like a it looks like a pokemon style game i can figure it out and what
is this game out
it's a mix between uh...
Pokemon and, uh, what am I trying to say, Tamagotchi, kind of.
That's cool. I wanted to check this out, so that's good. Yay!
Thank you guys! I love you guys! Give a hug, Angel hug. Even though I have headphones on, so I can't really move. Long distance hug, baby!
Alright. Aww, can you feel the love here on Orange Lawn's radio?
Yeah. I'm so excited. I love Final Fantasy XI music, too. It's so good.
I figured that that would be something you'd really dig.
Okay, okay, look, he has to open his present now. Wait, I just want to say, this is like my favorite artwork
in all of Final Fantasy XI, by the way, is that world map that's drawn all artistic style.
That's Amano. If I could get a huge poster of that. That's Amano's art.
Is it? It's so sexy. He did all that, because I used to use one of those wallpapers
For the short time I played.
I tried to get a cupcake to put with him so I could give you death cake, but I didn't have time.
It's an amazing, pooping reindeer. That's lovely.
Nellie's infatuated with a pooping reindeer, apparently.
And you can eat the poop!
Are you going to give Nellie the poop?
Yeah, she can have the poop.
We're gonna put this all on the webcam, so you guys can see, during the next break, we'll
get to it.
Or actually, I'll walk over there right now, while Jamie-
That gives me happy Joan soda.
Is that all the gifts?
Okay.
Aw, well, there'll be more gifts next week, I promise, I promise.
Well, we're gonna just find a way to get it to you anyway, DDR Angel.
Alright, here we go.
I got a whole week.
Alright.
Hey, there's Death Pie in there.
Let's go back-
Okay, we have Death Pie.
Alright, let's go back to how we start off every show.
We got a little sidetracked, but presents are a good reason to sidetrack.
I like presents.
All right.
We're going to start off tonight's show playing a little bit of how was your week, how was
your day?
Well, my week was all, I was just feeling really stressed out and crappy all week.
I went to my last day of class on Monday.
I found out that I made a B in my business law class.
I made a 390 out of 400 in my Excel class, so I have a very solid A in that class.
Yeah, I made like a hundred on my final and four points on my final project too, so I'm
all happy and excited about that.
That means I have like a 3.2 something GPA for the semester.
I paid 300 and something dollars for my next classes, which kind of sucked, but I was really,
really stressed out all week and really exhausted.
And then finally, Thursday, I just collapsed at work.
I was all, you know, totally lacking in energy, and I ended up going home after half a day.
And then I tried, because I was just really sick.
And then I felt better the next day, so I got up to go back to work and only managed
to stay three hours before I had to come home again.
And I did nothing then but sleep and play fantasy star online for the past three days.
Nothing but that.
so yeah I'm back to playing PSO I'm not an addict so I don't really want to play
anymore for some time I basically once I made it to level 41 in three days we're
trying to get me to ultimate so I have 40 more levels to go anyway that's
really all I did we went to this place called crickets on Auburn yesterday that
my friends were up and down was going to be the best breakfast place ever. It was just
ass. My French toast was just egg and milk on bread. I saw them put plates on top of
full plates of food. It was really disgusting. My potatoes were cold. They were nice there,
But it was just kind of crap so I wouldn't recommend anybody go there, and I'm not going there again
But it made my day really grumpy yesterday
I was really grumpy yesterday until I had a breakfast burrito and that made it all better
And then I played fantasy star online for about six hours
That's all I did PSO and sleep
Sounds very similar to a lot of my screen so it's very similar to a lot of my weekends, but with a different game
Eggnog is so good.
Baskin Robbins eggnog ice cream. And brand name even.
And they have pumpkin pie ice cream too.
This guy's boney ass.
Did you just make the Christmas reindeer poop on your
girlfriend's head?
You need to put that thing on the can.
Go put that on. Oh, make it poop in her mouth. Do it. Make it poop in her mouth. That's hot.
You should have done it on the cam. Poop. Alright, anyway. What great radio. Alright.
It's this little reindeer and in the back it's a jelly bean dispenser. Why do you have
to push it to get it to poop? Oh, you push it down and then it poops out a little jelly
bean. It's really, it's really cute. There it goes. Now you got poop on the floor. Way
Way to go.
Alright.
Angel.
DDR Angel.
How was your week?
How was your day?
Good.
I had finals on Wednesday, and I tried to start my shopping in the middle of the week,
but that thing didn't exactly go so well, so I guess I started on, what, Friday?
Yeah.
I believe it was Friday, or Saturday or something.
Um, I got sucked into the world in which, um, well, at least three of the people in here are hooked into.
Yes, Final Fantasy XI, yay me.
I got my hat!
Yay!
Even I haven't done that fucking Santa hat quest yet.
It's so weird here.
That's okay, I had a bajillion Santa hats on RO.
Are they doing those Christmas wrappy things again?
Yeah, they're doing the Christmas present ones, but I've been trying to get a Christmas
present so I can get the heart of Oppa Oppa, because I have, what Julie gave me to support
my Christmas present on PSO is I have an Oppa Oppa mag.
I'm going to tell you about the nerdiest thing you've ever heard in a little bit about an
online game and Christmas events, but I got to say the Christmas event on Final Fantasy
11 this year, not as good as last year's.
Last year's was awesome.
It was kind of fun on RO going around beating up Santa Claus.
Anyway, sorry Angel to cut you off.
much. The Santa hat thing was the last thing I wanted to say. Oh, the funniest part of
this week, and it happened yesterday, Miklas Hof, AKA Seagurd, totally ran past me in Windows
and he didn't even know it was me and I had to page him. I'm like, hey! He's like, hi!
I'm like, yeah, you just ran past me. He's like, I did? I'm like, yeah, you did. It was
funny. Anyway, whatever. Well, you know, in Popmaster Eleven sometimes if you're in a
crowded area the characters don't load all the same like you know how to take
like if you go into lower to know I don't know if you've been there yet but
there's so many people there that takes a while for a beta load so I spent five
minutes chasing him then he kind of got the hint he's like oh that's cool all
right um moving on let's go over to Loki Loki how is your week how is your day I
know you must have a busy day I'm sorry do we cut you off earlier I'm sorry I
have one more thing that happened is that your DS this is my idea how many
freaking people have to bring their DS's to the show? I always keep mine in my laptop
case. Alright, fine. So I can play it at work. Alright. Um, oh yeah, I ordered my Christmas
present from Dan today. Which is? Beat me into the X8 style. Hot. And the Parappa clapping
game. Do you know, do you know I just, we're going to talk about this a little later, but
you could have ordered another game on Playasia which just started taking orders. What? We'll
talk about it in a little bit. Okay. Alright. Alright, anyway, moving on. Loki! Today I
went to my dad's house, and we had food. And, um, what else did I do this week? Oh, I went
to Lemmy's tickets, a series of unfortunate events, and that was awesome. And, I played
Law of Final Fantasy, and Christmas shopping. And, yeah, that's pretty much all I did. Just
Christmas crap, trying to get it done. And then I got some of my gifts. I got clothes
from Nellie, and I got clothes from my sister, and a $100 gift certificate to Target for
Yay money!
I should pass V for the first time ever, but that's nice.
Though I don't know if it's easier timing or whatever.
I'm going to pass Nebula Grasper, but it's the first time I've played it and it killed me the rest of the time.
And, uh, yeah.
Had a Christmas party at work on Friday and stuff.
That's it.
Nothing did that much today.
it was really busy we just went everywhere and you know we were just
busy non-stop and I actually got homework in the class which was kind of
weird considering you know it was training but that's what happens when
you're on salary and then you know Saturday I was hoping to go to the SVGL
3 tournament but I didn't end up going because I was just like so damn tired
and I had to do errands of my parents all this other stuff so I didn't end up
going and I sorry angel because I know you wanted to go but she seems okay with
it. And I'm sorry to everybody out there who was hoping to, or I should say I was hoping
to run into it at Spigle 3. But I just, I got beat out by wanting to sit at home and
just recuperate, so that's exactly what I did. And I played a lot of Final Fantasy 11.
In fact, what ended up happening is that Saturday, here's that nerdy thing I was talking about.
My link shell, Final Fantasy 11, you know that's the group that you belong to, we all
met up and we had a level 1 foot race, which means we took a level 1 character and took
them to the most difficult areas of the game. Well, not the most, but some of the more difficult
areas of the game where you get killed in one hit if you're a level one character. And
we raced from, for those of you that play the game, we raced from Selbina to Juno. It
was pretty cool. And I was winning for a little bit there, and then I made a bad decision
on a path to go, and I came in third. But I made it alive. Loki did not make it alive,
I would just like to point out.
I was in the lead. I was in the lead, so I got taken out.
Yeah, he said he was in the lead, so he got taken out.
And then we had, get this, a Final Fantasy XI gift exchange.
Once we all got to Juno. We all had a secret person we were supposed to buy gifts for,
so we had a secret Santa in Final Fantasy XI.
And I got a plus one silver hairpin and a dagger.
That is the nerdiest thing, isn't it?
I didn't get anything you know what actually I know you did and I think I
know who has you too but it's just that our little shell master or I shouldn't
say shell master but event organizer because Loki's the shell master but our
event organizer needs to get up off her ass and get the rest of the gifts
distributed to those that weren't here so that's what will happen all right
anyway so that's my nerdy final fantasy 11 story what can I say all right
Anybody else have anything they want to add about their week, their day, anything like that?
I got new contacts. New contacts! Are they a different color? They don't look like it.
Well, they're not
tinted because they're not Acubutes now. They got some different kind that
helps correct for Acetagamism or something. Okay, so is everything a little
clearer now? Well, better than when I had those glasses.
How many fingers am I holding up?
Alright. I'll give it back to you. I got it back, alright.
Uh, anyway. We're such great radio. This is great. What have we done tonight that's been
great radio bits? How many fingers am I holding up? That's a great radio bit. Uh, poop in
my mouth, that's a really good radio bit. Pick-a-Chat!
Pick-o-Chat? That's a really great radio event. Let's play Radio Charades. This, this is why
this is why they laugh at our faces at E3 and go, ha, internet radio for games, you
losers. Yeah, I'm going to poop in your mouth at E3, alright, I see how you like it. Alright,
we have some big Bawani news this week. It involves a little series you know of games
called Beat Mania 2DX, you might be familiar with that. Night Style has been announced,
it's coming
and more details on that
after this break featuring some music from the 2DX night style
We'll be back after this.
Lord, who the fuck is this?
You're also nothing to fear
Or die
I can't lie, I'm a killer
I am a naked guy
I can't lie, I'm a killer
I am a naked guy
Even though they're gonna see that I
One more time for the bad boys, babe One more time for the bad boys, babe
1 more stop for the backward rap
1 more stop for the backward rap
1 more stop for the backward rap
1 more stop for the backward rap
1 more stop for the backward rap
1 more stop for the backward rap
1 more stop for the backward rap
1 more stop for the backward rap
1 more stop for the backward rap
1 more stop for the backward rap
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and we've been playing PictoChat during the break
because we're such dorks, I don't really have a better explanation other than that. But
if you've been keeping an eye on our webcam, www.orangeloungeradio.com, I did put up a
picture of the pooping reindeer during the break there, as well as a little glimpse of
PictoChat. Wait, what'd you find out, Ellie?
I think you shoved the poop right back up their ass.
you shove the poop back in their ass? Force it in like this. This is like a poop enema.
Why don't you go back to Loki's room and see what else you can shove up there? Get your
hands robbed. Go to hell. Alright, anyway, as we alluded to before we went to the break
there, we do have BeatMania 2DX9 style somewhat announced for release, and I say somewhat
announced because basically all they really have to go off of right now, I should say
all we really have to go off of right now is a website that Konami of Japan has. It's
actually Konami Broadcasting and they have this page which appears to be listing some
of their new releases and on May, I'm sorry, March 24th of 2005, they have listed Beat
Mania 2DX 9th Style, which means 9th Style looks like that's all we need is confirmation
and the ninth style will be coming out at home for sure,
which is really good because basically we've had, what,
seventh style, eighth style, and now ninth style
all within, I mean, we had to go, like, a long time,
like, probably, what, a year and a half
with no new 2DX releases, at least?
And then suddenly seventh style, eighth style, ninth style,
and probably tenth style are all gonna come out
back to back to back.
So, well, not back to back, literally,
but, you know, within a pretty good distance of each other.
So this is pretty exciting.
So are you guys excited about this news,
So what do you, what does this make you, what do you think about, you have to come stand
on a mic, Jamie.
What do you think of this news, Angel?
Um, well, I like it.
Obviously.
Jamie is back to present her opinion.
As long as it doesn't have the shit timing problems.
You know, as long as it's not that problem, then it's cool.
It'd be an improvement over the arcade.
So basically, sorry, we're having a little bit of sound issues here, those same problems
I was talking about when the show started with the stripped wires causing us to have
a little bit of issue here.
We're going to get that recorder placed for next week.
Sorry guys.
Oh, I think I see exactly where the problem is too.
Play nice!
Anyway, yes.
So, obviously, 2DX and the arcade had a little bit of timing problems, and I think the question
on everybody's mind is, is it going to be fixed for the home release or would they keep
it arcade accurate so that people who practice at home can take it to the arcade or what's
going to happen? I don't know. Any thoughts from a technical perspective, Loki? I know
you probably don't even care about this game, but you know, I just thought I'd get your
opinion anyway. That would be an accurate assumption. Okay, then tell me what you think.
Well, that's a new game, yay. I have a pretzel.
So, the timing problems in Ninth Style are enough to make you despise this game, Jamie,
or what's the deal?
Well, after seeing how bad the timing problems were, I swore I'd never play Ninth Style,
and I haven't.
But do you think you're going to make an exception for the home release?
If the home release doesn't have the timing problems, then I'll buy it.
enough all right um I just know I'm looking forward to with night style the
new songs because night style has probably one of my favorite song lists
of any 2dx style really I think it had my most favorite song list since at least
six style probably maybe since fifth I don't know but nice I had just so many
great songs on it that I love and I can't wait to play it at home because I
really only played night style in the arcade myself personally I think I only
played 9th style in the arcade like one time, two times? I think two times is the most times
I played 9th style in the arcade. And really when I went and played 10th style, I pretty
much only played 9th style songs. I was kind of one of those losers that just played those.
I played Gradius. Well I mean, that's a 10th style song though, that's not a 9th style
song. I just couldn't play on that 10th style machine. I'm excited because since we had
so many consumer songs and I don't mess with the sound right now cuz we're wait
for a break we had so many new songs on consumer style eight that's gonna be
interesting to see if we get as many on night style as well
do you guys hoping to see a lot of new consumer tracks or you just want it to
be arcade accurate bring back a lot of old songs or what any feelings on that I
I wanted to have no timing problems.
I wanted to play like 8th Style.
You don't care what the hell's in it as long as it's...
As long as it has no timing problems.
Because I want to play Lion Suki.
I want to see more of the ghetto fabulous dancers like in that one song, the 8th Style consumer song that has...
I miss the 4th Style booty dancers.
Bring those back?
The Geary Geary Daddy dancers.
it look like the fembots in the one video? Oh god. Can't remember any of the song. Somebody
will get it. I don't know. I'm just happy that my 8th style is going to be here at the
end of the week. So I can play the answer. So as you were saying before, you went ahead
and you ordered your 8th style. Yeah. Well you know I got a little private message in
the chat room over here saying DarkLionXVI says that actually over on Playasia right
now you can pre-order 9th style if you're so inclined. I'm not going to pre-order it
until I know that the issues are fixed.
Don't Be Afraid Myself is what they're saying it is.
I don't think that's it.
It was like Love Something was the name of the song.
Don't Be Afraid Myself had the girls dancing in the bathroom.
That's the one that's like the, I don't know, the pop video.
I'm talking about the one that had the- They were dancing in a damn locker room shower.
Yeah, that's not the one I'm thinking of.
I'm thinking of the one where they're all dressed up in the hippie stuff and they were
driving through Tokyo and stuff, or something. Why can't I think of the name of that song?
I'm looking it up right now because I'm so pissed I can't think of what that song is.
Love Box. Love Box. That's the song I was trying to think of. It's got a pretty dirty
title. Yeah, Nelly's snickering over there. He said box. Alright. Anyway, so most folks
are going to be pretty excited about Nine Style. Of course, as soon as we know more
information about the game, we will be presenting it to you guys. And it's funny looking in
the chat room, they're going, love box, love box, fucking love box, god damn. You have
to remember guys, you're on a buffer. You're about 34 or 35 seconds behind everything,
so losers. Alright, I guess what we'll do is we're going to take another quick break
because it looks like we're working on some sound issues here. We're going to do a quick
break, some more 2DX9-style songs since we're so excited about this, and when we come back,
maybe we'll take some calls over the Skypline. Also, at some point tonight, we gotta do a
new list list. We have to have a cage match tonight, at some point, and we'll listen to
Jamie Belch some more. I'm sorry, it's your fault, you gave me the soda. Oh right, you're
right. This is the best stuff in the world. You're right, it's all my fault. Sugar-free
Alright, we'll be back after this you guys.
Let's go!
We'll be right back after some more music here on Orange Launch Radio.
Yay!
Survey
Survey
We will
We will
This
This
It's
The
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
I
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and it looks like we actually fixed some of the
sound. We replaced the cord, so Logie was kind enough to do a little switcheroo there
during the break, swap the cord out, so hopefully that'll minimize those sound issues we've
been having. I notice the buzz is still there a little bit, but it doesn't sound as bad
in my monitor here, so we'll see. Thank God! Alright. Hooray for Loki! This is why we call
him the tech master. In the chatroom during that break, they were complaining, or I shouldn't
say complaining, but they were talking about some of the different night-style songs. You
have a favorite night-style song, even though the timing pushes you off, is there a favorite
night-style song you have? All of the Taku songs. Like, what, Distress and Lower World?
I'd have to say it actually distresses the best, and of course I do like Lianski.
My favorite song in 9th Style is Power Dream, because I love ping pong.
There is another one that I liked, but I don't remember the name of it, because I didn't
really keep up too much with 9th Style.
And of course Bad Boy Bass.
Everyone is something, I don't remember the song.
Alright. What we're going to do now is we're actually going to talk to somebody over the
Skype line. Somebody actually called and said they had something they wanted to talk to
us about, so we're going to go ahead and pick up the Skype line here. I just told them to
give us a call here. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Hey, what's up? Hi, and who is this?
It's Sherlock. Hi, Sherlock. How are you?
Doing good. How are you doing today? I'm good. For those of you folks who don't
know, Sherlock, one of the moderators over on DDR Freak, which by the way, DDR Freak,
kind enough to replay Orange Lawn's radio Friday nights.
And he has the best hat ever. The hat is pretty sexy.
Is it now? I've seen pictures of the hat, and I think
I saw the hat from a distance at E3, but it was kind of like going to a rock concert,
and it's like, you know, I think I can kind of make it out. I think I can kind of make
out that person. It's all, you can almost see it.
You can almost see it. What's on your mind, Sherlock?
I found something online that kinda confused me a bit, but it also made me
just like spin my head, and it really
just threw me for a turn. It's DDR-related, and uh...
A lot of DDR things kinda make me question myself sometimes, but...
Yeah, I mean, you know, everyone keeps talking about, you know, is DDR dead,
what's going on, you know, the whole April Fools thing, you know,
put everyone in for a turn, but something came up
that really confused me. If you guys go to the Konami Arcade website for DDR Extreme,
it's konami.co.jp slash am slash ddr underscore new. Brings you up to the DDR website for
DR Extreme.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Run that by me one more time. Konami.co.jp slash...
Am slash ddr slash ddr new.
Slash ddr new. All right.
Yes, it's the Xtreme webpage, and if you look at it, the logo up top has a little Santa Claus logo in it.
Now, what I'm trying to figure out is why they decided to update a two-year-old webpage with a little Santa Claus logo.
Okay, Loki's tapping me and he says it's what?
That's fucking old, that's from like last time. That was back when they were talking about the original DDR stream coming out.
Santa Claus has been there all the time.
No it hasn't, not that I remember.
It's been there, trust me.
I've never seen that there before.
Interesting, okay now,
but I do remember that Extreme came out
at Christmas time. I do remember that. Extreme came out Christmas day in
2002, didn't it?
I want to say.
Loki think,
Loki swears up and down it's been there the whole time.
It hasn't been, no.
Why would they keep it there over summer?
Well, I mean, but isn't, yeah, this is the journal of Naoki Madaya and stuff, why would
they bother to update this? I don't know.
I, you, Mel?
I don't know. I just, I wish I'd visited...
No, it's not the same, it's not the same and I'll tell you why.
Okay. Because the image name is
ddrex2.gif
and then
well, if you view the image
If you take out the two
yeah if you take out the two there's the original logo
mmm so
well but when did the journal... okay
loki, loki's getting frustrated
because
that was like one of the last journals that they did on there and they changed the logo for the
last journal
ddr-ex
the uh... ex-one or whatever is for the previous journals in that series there
cause there's multiple page for that journal so
i know there is but i don't know
old it's not anything new it's old
lucky quit ruining christmas teases
get the boy hope for this holiday season
the hell's wrong with you you bridge
all right fine if you want to go ahead and do that if you look at that picture
through a set of doctors a secret code in their case to a secret website it's
all about the background information of the vr e x two
Really? There you go, there's your conspiracy theory for the year. Is it purple?
It's not purple, it's Fuchsia!
Are you going to argue with me about colors now? Come on, it was purple.
Everybody knows
that it's going to be
DDR Fuchsia. That's the new, it's like 2DX Red, DDR Fuchsia, okay? Trust me on this.
I've got to know!
Okay, I found the code!
Can we color a little bit less homosexual? Come on!
Hey, please!
Fine, if you really want to know what the color is, it's Super Fuchsia, but you know,
I'm not one to judge their title, okay? I don't get it.
Because the homosexual one would be Fabulous Fuchsia.
Alright, well thank you, you know what?
Either way, maybe...
I guess you just have to believe in Santa Claus if you want this to be true.
I believe that little Santa Claus in the logo, alright?
Just click your heels three times and swear you believe.
I sincerely hope that you're onto something. I hope Loki's full of shit, but I unfortunately don't think he is in this case.
I hope so too.
I hope he is, but I unfortunately don't think he is in this case.
I haven't heard anyone else say otherwise, so Loki's the first one to say something wrong.
When he says it, he says it loud. Don't let that scare you.
Alright.
Alright, well thanks for the tip Sherlock. How are you doing otherwise?
Uh, life's had its ups and downs.
How's DDR in New York? We don't hear a whole lot about what's going on in New York because we're in California.
Oh God, don't get me started. Don't get me started. We had to lock the forums like two weeks back.
I'm not talking about the intro web drama.
The intro web?
How's the scene going?
The scene itself? Not much better, I'll give you that.
Oh, that's a bummer.
Go out there with some defibrillators and breathe some life into DDR a little bit.
It's not changing, nothing's changed around here at all.
Sherlock, go spread the Santa rumor all around, they'll all buy it.
I will, I will, I'm going to.
Alright, you do that.
Yeah.
Alright, thanks for calling Sherlock, have a good one.
You too.
Later.
Wait, hold on. It said you heard it here first, DDR Fuchsia.
Oh my god, DDR Fuchsia.
Alright, DDR Fuchsia.
Well, I'm glad Sherlock decided to call the show.
Even if he may be chasing a ghost, not unlike one of our co-hosts here on the show.
No, he's just chasing nothing. Sorry.
it's been there okay it's been there forever ever and ever still a cringe
all right anyway moving on I want to do a little bit of a follow-up to something
we were talking about last week Jamie this has to do with something you
brought up and it's the the girl the little girl that killed the other little
girl and now has the internet obsession going on about her yeah I have a banner
for it yeah I just I was gonna bring that up they help is that you to go and
make a banner and a match. For those that didn't catch last week's show, just a little
catch up.
I'll put a link to it in the chat room.
Okay. Give us the Cliff Notes version. What's going on here? What happened and why is there
an internet obsession about it?
Okay. There was a girl who killed one of her classmates. In a class picture, this little
girl was wearing a University of Nevada sweatshirt. It just says Nevada all the way across. It's
a blue sweatshirt, and there's all indications that they were friends and everything, so
anyway, it started this whole big internet obsession, and people, and keep in mind, they're
doing her as a character, not as she herself.
And because she was 12 years old, they couldn't prosecute her, because the age of criminal
responsibility in Japan is 14, which was actually lowered to 14 because of another child murder.
Anyway, there's tons of fan art now, tons and tons of fan art. I took one of the pictures
and made a banner out of it. You know how when people that want to be fashionable
with their banners online, they have the banner and then they have the matching little avatar
that goes with it, the little box that sits under the name? What I liked about what Jamie
didn't. Not only does she have this going on on DDR Freak, but she has it going on on
the Orange Lodge Radio Forums, as well as probably every other forum out there right
now that she frequents. She's got the little banner that has the little Nevada girl on
it, and it says Dark Sakura. And then the little avatar is the little box cutter.
It's actually from the same picture, because I wanted to get the whole thing of her holding
the box cutter, but it didn't, the size didn't reduce the way I liked it, too. So I said,
did, you know, just her holding the box cutter. And I'm going to post them in the chat room.
Alright, you do that. You post it in chat. Or, you could check it out for yourself. Just
go to the Orange Lounge Radio forums, and there should be a post from Jamie in there.
I have to give a cheap advertisement in there somewhere, for people to visit our dying forums.
Alright. Anyway, I want the quote thread to evolve.
In order for the quote thread to come back, people have to actually use our chat room,
don't you think?
I agree.
Which is pretty active.
So use it already!
Geez!
Which is pretty active during the live shows, I can't complain about that, but, damn, during
the week it's a ghost town, of course, I'm pretty bad, because instead of chatting in
Orange Lounge like I should, I'm playing Final Fantasy XI.
Which is funny, Angel was mouthing that right along with me, like I was at the Rocky Horror
Picture Show or something, she was mouthing it along, because she knew I was going to
say that.
I'm dicked!
You are an addict!
I am so glad I quit that game.
I have PSO now.
I'm sad that you quit, just so you know.
Well, you know what?
How about for Christmas you pay for me to play again?
I'm kidding.
Yeah, how about that gift card?
How about that Pooping Ranger?
You know, I actually did have half of the temptation
to reinstall it.
Temptation's good.
And then I thought, why?
I won't have time.
Once the school year starts again, the semester starts.
When you get really addicted like me, you make time.
That's what I have the gym for.
Oh, snap.
That's my addiction is exercise.
My addiction is feeling fit.
I like endorphins. You need to take me to the gym sometime.
I want to see what this is all about. Okay.
Sometime.
Let's have ourselves a cage match, shall we? Why not?
Alright, the way the Orange Launch Radio cage match works,
We play three songs for you guys, and you guys pick your favorite song.
The winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio.
Each host picks a song, and you get to hear a clip of last week's winner, as well as two brand new songs.
Last week in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage match, it came down to The Wire.
It was incredibly insane. It was a three-way tie.
A three-way tie, and it was three new songs because we had to retire a song last week.
so DDR Angel ended up breaking the tie and a lot of folks in the chat room very
passionate about their dislike for this song so it's gonna have a hard time
holding on tonight but we'll see we'll see maybe maybe people will see
something in the song tonight that they didn't see before I don't know but here
it is song number one you can vote for tonight it's the artist called J punch
and the song is called Bitch. Enjoy!
I can't get clean, that's right
You are a bitch
And I hate myself
That's right
You are a bitch
You are a bitch
And I hate myself
And I tried
She gave it all up in her bed, she gave it all up in her bed, she gave it all up in her bed
All right, that was song number one in tonight's cage match, Bitch, by J-Punch, and it looks
like the chat room is about ready to take their handguns to that song.
They're bitching!
Yeah, they're bitching.
You're so funny, Jamie!
All right, let's see what's going to try and knock this bitch out of here tonight.
We'll start it off with Dark Sakura's pick.
I picked an overclocked mix.
This is good because we were talking about overclocks a little bit last week,
and how Loki is going to submit his remix any day now, right?
Uh, no I'm not actually.
Oh, what caused this change? Hold on, hold on.
What caused the change?
It doesn't, it's not, no, it's not the type of remix to be on that site, sorry, that's it, period.
No discussion, it's not going up there.
He is not going to compromise his art.
Anyway, back to what we were talking about here.
I just realized there's a lot of crap on Overclocked, though.
A lot of really crappy remixes.
But not this song, right?
No. This one's a remix from Raiden 2, which is one of my favorite shooter games of all time.
Actually, my favorite in the series is Raiden DX, but Raiden 2 was the first one that had these electric things.
big purple line that shoots out and latches on to people and zooms around
them and I was like that was the coolest weapon in a shooting game ever. Next to
the fist in Twinbee so I had to download that and it actually turned out to be a
pretty cool one so I don't remember the name that they named it but it's
something from Raiden 2. I'll give you a hint the artist is TefNek and the
song is called the Raiden 2 Airborne Overclock Mix. How's that sound?
I keep thinking Mortal Kombat sense Raiden, or Fatal Fury for that same spelling.
All right, here it is. TefNec Raiden 2 Airborne OC Remix. Enjoy.
Okay, song number two in tonight's cage match was Teth-Neck, Raiden II, Airborne.
It's a remix coming to you from Overclocked.
Let's see if that song overclocked or underclocked with the judges here in the room.
What do you think, Jamie?
Well, I liked it, obviously, or else I wouldn't have picked it, so it gets a nine for me.
All right, fair enough.
I think I've heard it before actually, um, get the nate.
Um, Marcanium 42. Can't hear you bud, is your mic on?
Can't hear you though, did you go to the bottom there?
Eh, I don't know. Oh, he may not have plugged it back in.
Let's come back to you, Angel? Uh, I liked it, I'll give it a nate.
I thought the song was, it was very fluffy, flying on the clouds type thing, I don't know
if it's the song I'd go like, yeah, rock on, this song, but it's cute. It's definitely
video game ambiance type music, so I give it like a, nah, an eight, why not. Now we
can hear you, Arcadian. Alright, where would you give that one?
It was alright. I'll give it an eight.
Alright, an eight from Arcadian as well. Remember though, it's not up to us, it's up to you
guys in the chatroom at www.orangeslaundry.com and chat. You guys get the final say. Loki,
it's your turn. What song did you pick for us tonight? Let me give them a second try.
This is Monolithic with House of Joy, off of their newest CD, Diving the Sunfish. Alright,
more time giving them a try here in the cage match monolithic house of joy enjoy
Oh, come this morning, turn on the TV.
Turned on the TV
And what did you see?
The calamity
Anger inside you
Swelled up unrestrained
The picture they burn
Like a torch to your brain
What happened to the world you knew?
Where's the world at?
You feel the light no longer shines on you
Like the night of observation
You think the world pounds upon your back
It's beating on my back
Like your life spreads you to the rack
Left you to die
There is no one left
You remember
You hold the key to the high store
Enter and seek out your sorrow
Here is the key to the house
You're coming and build your tomorrow
Is rage for you
You don't have a lot of money.
You don't have any love in your hands
You don't laugh anymore with this body
You think it'd be better if God liked what he had
You hold the key to the house, You're a war-hinter and lead by your God.
Tomorrow, here is the key to the hardcore
Come in and feel your tomorrow
It waits for you
Then the silence you reach
I'll be waiting for you
I'll be waiting for you
I'll be waiting for you
You hold a key to the house, your war is here, and these are your sorrows, here is a key
To the hardcore
Come in and build your tomorrow
It waits for you
It waits for you
Alright, that was song number three in tonight's cage match. Monolithic with House of Joy. Let's go around and see if that was House of Joy or House of Pain to people.
Dude, House of Pain was cool.
Alright, let's see. Starting off with Jamie.
That guy, okay, I'm sorry, if you're going to be a professional, learn how to hold a fucking key.
Wow.
I know!
Politary.
He falls, the sky falls in the same category as Politary.
Cannot hold a key.
The music was good, but the guy's voice sucked ass, so I'll split the difference and give it a 6.
The voice doesn't really bother me. I think it's cool. And I like the music a lot. Let's give it a 9 from me. Angel.
I like his stuff a lot. I have 9.
And let's see what we thought. Arcadian 42.
It was okay. I'll give it a 6.5.
all right so remember it's not up to us it's up to you so let's review the songs
you can vote for in tonight's cage match starting off with song number one last
week's winner bitch by J punch
Alright, and song number two in tonight's cage match was Ride Into Airborne Overclocked
to mix and song number three in tonight's cage match was monolithic
like House of Joy. Alright guys, you know the drill. Place vote now. Send a private
message to Skye in the chat room with your vote. Joining us late during the cage match,
He always likes to join us say hello to explicit real name Jonas
How you doing?
Doing fine. Just came back from the SVG l3 tournament. Well, not just now right and let's or did you just
Save you just got back now. You were there a little late. You know, it ended yesterday, right?
I think I competed it but into I gotta know none of us went I was really hoping to go but I got lazy and
Because of my trip I got really badly burned out
But at the same time, just keep in mind that the hype wasn't really worth all that hype.
When you talk about the hype, what do you mean?
You know how everybody says, oh it's SVGL, the biggest tournament in history. You got SVGL, I think.
When was the first SVGL, do you remember?
First SVGL was, I don't know, a long time ago.
SVGL 2 was 2002 in April, I suppose. And SVGL is December 2004, the third installment.
So it was the last in a long line of events then?
Yeah, supposedly the biggest tournament ever. Depending on how people's opinions are.
Well, I'll explain later. Do you have any questions?
Not so far. I'm curious kind of what happened. How did the day go?
Well, it was a very, very long day. The PA really started at 11.45 for the qualifiers.
I think the PA ended at 6 o'clock itself. It took that long because there was some controversy
with the pads, some people were complaining. Okay, what is this controversy, because I've
heard about it over on DDRFreak, on the forums. They said, because they switched, I think
they switched the pads from fourth plus, or in the groove, whatever they switched the
cabinet to, for the extreme. And they said that one player's side is not working, or
I'm not really sure what's going on there. Someone said that this guy was a sore loser,
or the pads were really not working, depending on what you guys' opinions, or different play
playstyles. I can't really opinionize on that, but it delayed a shitload of time unnecessarily.
Unfortunately, I've noticed this is kind of a trend in a lot of tournaments lately where
somebody's complaining about the pad and then they have to do these extensive tests on it
to see if they're working or not. My advice to future people who are going to be throwing
tournaments, they have some kind of conflict resolution thing in the tournament rules that
that says, if there is a question, this is the procedure, and that, whatever the outcome
of that procedure is, end of story, no arguing, basically.
I know, I've really learned a lot with the SDGL3 term in organizing, even though many
have actually said that it was very badly organized, regardless if it's true or not,
I would say it's badly organized because the time restraints, I think 2DX took way too
long, even if there were just like five people who competed for 2DX.
only five people? Yeah, 2DX Red, I'm assuming five or eight, but it took way too long for
its own type. Usually that's too fast for eight people. But if it was like 32, it would
take long, obviously. But yeah, around that much competed. It wasn't that many people.
And Freestyle started hella late, but not to mention the lack of room for people to
actually compete on. It was too crowded inside, people had to sit down for the camera, it
It was all stuffed near the machines that have a lot of sound.
Spigal is a very interesting place to have a tournament.
They have a machine inside?
Yeah.
How in the hell were you able to see anything?
Well, like I said, it was really worth the hype.
I see.
Because the management itself is also involved.
They refuse to do certain things and certain expectations to us competitors.
One is, yeah, of course, not everybody is satisfied, at least come to a point where
everybody agrees in a way.
I know Team Seattle was there, SoCal was there, some of the Sacramento people were there,
like Toady.
Yeah, I was kind of hoping he'd come tonight because no one talked to him about it because
he competed, but...
Yeah, and I competed, ugh.
But in the world...
Well, what was that ugh for?
Because the rules kind of got altered in a way, I wasn't really sure if that was the
rules because there was a qualifier list in SVGL3. I'm assuming... many people have
thought it was going to be practicing one of the following songs, like Highs Off You,
Superstar, etc, etc, etc. But I chose one of the... all of the things called ExtraTuned.
Some people may have fucked up on it. Well, I fucked up on it for some reason. It's not
all my grace in the beginning. And some people were okay down with it, but some people were
not really happy with the rules there. But then again, it's a competition. Don't want
to start drama. Do the drama during the forums, but not during the tournaments. That's where
the forums come in the after to see what they can do better. Even though 50% of the control
is basically on SVGL's part. So how did Freestyle go? I heard Freestyle was really good. That
there were a lot of really high level people. Well, I can't really opinionize that. There
There were some ups and downs with freestyle.
The ups was, it was a good competition, great competition, great competitors competed.
Like Tequila from Omaha came all the way from there to the Bay just to compete, turned out
very good.
Some of the performances showed a lot of hard work in a way, especially with finals.
Why the hell are you going to place a fucking tournament right after college finals?
Well, because they don't want to do it on Christmas.
You could find a problem with almost any week that you could possibly pick, I think.
Well, because I thought SVGL was supposed to be held during the summer, which was a
predicted thing, but Christmas, right before Christmas, it's finals, people are stressing
out over freestyle section.
can't do a routine because the freestyle in my opinion was too limited for that whole
day because right after finals you have to work on a routine.
It's a big pain in the ass, especially when I had finals.
Some people had finals like two of them on Friday and had to work immediate without sleep
just to make sure it looks good.
But the biggest problem with the environment of the freestyle is that they didn't put outside,
you have a lot of air conditioning. Of course, the place itself wasn't even air conditioned.
The second of all, very limited space. You've got people crowding all over the pad. Some
people wanted to do a lot of movement outside the pad, but they're limited because they've
got people around blocking their... Even my routine got fucked over.
How so? Because it required at least three to five
feet of open space on my right side when I was competing.
Now, was it supposedly going to happen that there was going to be the machine outside?
Was that ever said?
That was a possibility.
Although in the winter...
Well, SPGL2 had it.
Yeah, but I can see where in the winter there might be rain concerns too.
I mean, because then imagine if it had rained and they tried to put the machine outside,
it would have been even more cramped.
So...
No, I mean the weather itself was not to a point where it was about to rain.
Besides the way I checked the weather in SVGL beforehand so I didn't know what the hell
was going on.
Right.
Even though, of course the weather is not really 100% accurate.
But at the same time, but here's another problem with the situation with the freestyle conditions.
You got extreme near the fourth plus machine.
So you're either going to probably be hearing extreme songs and fourth plus at the same
time conflicting with your concentration on the routine.
So you might be hearing like, oooh, later to max and...
They didn't turn one off or anything?
No, for some reason the Xtreme was a little louder than friggin' 4th Plus.
And we got the 2DX written almost nearby too.
Was In the Groove involved too, or did they...
No, no, the In the Groove machine got switched with 4th Plus.
Gotcha.
Okay, gotcha.
So you got...
Regardless, I still have not played In The Groove, so I can't really opinionize with these steps on In The Groove.
That would have been interesting though, if that was up and running or whatever.
I kind of scolded on that one.
Wait, what?
Like, DCB doesn't really like In The Groove. Not many people like In The Groove because they have complaints with freestyle steps.
Well, yeah.
But that's controversial. I can't really say anything because I've never tested the thing.
Right.
And of course, everything is a matter of opinion.
I'm kind of surprised nobody took that opportunity, though, to do something with In The Groove.
Kind of, I don't know, like having to go to the west coast.
I mean, they only have two cabinets.
They only have two cabinets, and of course, like, you got SVGL, CVGL, RV, not RVGL, well,
sort of the way RVGL, MGL, they're all part of, they're all golfers, so they have to share
machines with each other in a way.
Right.
Especially in the barrier, which is very, of course, you know, like, MGL gave, got the
pump it up a seat from SVGL, and probably in the groove from SVGL, I'm not really sure
if that's true or not, or if both places have this in the groove.
Interesting.
Yeah, let's see, 2DX, oh, did you want to hear about the results?
Yeah, what happened with the 2DX turning?
Well, I really didn't really see what's with 2DX, but I've heard that a lot of people complaining
about the, how 2DX Red was off sync as shit. Yes, it's like, think of it as night style.
I'm not sure if it's the...
Not the fucking game is, they gotta get used to it.
No, I'm not sure if it's the hardware, I'm not sure, cause some people were complaining
with that. I really couldn't complain, either I had the worst accuracy or on 2DX that I
myself and I got a good attack the whole song and this is on a red was it on a
red red oh wow yes the new red deliver style whoo wow drool get a boner but I'm
not sure if it's really but since RV jails getting one I'm not sure that's
gonna be if it's the hardware problem that people are saying was a software
problems itself hmm but hell only time will tell what the what's the truth
If it's off.
We'll see.
Alright.
Is there any questions with the SBGL tournament?
I don't know.
Nothing I haven't gotten on there and read myself.
I just kind of feel bad that I wasn't really able to go to the tournament because I really
wanted to go but then at the same time it sounded like it was really crowded as hell
and not a lot of standing room and if I wasn't entering maybe...
Well, Bill B. Sy, there was some drama involved as well so you don't want to leave.
What's the drama?
Ooh, tell us about drama.
I'll get to the FUs on that one.
No, no, no.
I want to know now.
some people will like it you take up too much time during the FUs anyway let's
get himself okay let's get out some of it now all right here's like some drama
with some people like getting pissed up with JSB's behavior which is nothing new
oh yeah JSB throwing a football on DDR bots head oh well how old is DDR bot
like 11 years old okay I'll pick it up a little so so basically he's resorting to
to an 11-year-old's immaturity to pick on the 11-year-old. Just curious, all right?
Yes, well, yeah, you got that. Okay, okay. Birds of a feather.
Well, of course you got the complaints of the pads, whether or not it's SVGL sport,
or if it's the people being sort of loser. Who started it?
I can't get involved. All right, all right.
There's some people drooling over DDR players' girlfriends.
I have to ask, I have to ask the hard-hitting questions of this program, all right? I want
know who started the shit who cast the first stone who's the drama starter who
is their fire flanning the flames I can't really I don't really know exactly
it has something to do with so Cal and team Seattle which is a long going back
and forth that's happened for a long long time so that's again not a surprise
all right I'm not sure what happened but they said it was JSB versus some girl in
Team Seattle. JSB won that one, but for some reason he dropped out of the race. For either
attraction, or sexually attractive reasons, or...
Was it Tanya? The girl that's always on, because I know she was going, the girl that's... Get
up, move girl!
I'm not really sure.
If I remember correctly reading this, because I read this briefly, I think. It was the chick
that was the one that was on MTV promoting DDR.
I didn't know there was anyone on MTV promoting DDR1.
What the hell? I don't even know about this.
Yes, actually, Tanya was on the, um, what is it, the 20 games of the year thing or something?
They did shot stuff.
Oh yeah, I've heard about that.
They shot stuff around Seattle. Yeah, okay, so.
I heard about that.
Alright, so.
Oh yeah, for the winners of PA, one of the first places, of course, Team Seattle.
Second was Fidox, who actually came to the FU tournament and the August.
Okay, good deal.
So that was very good.
uh...
third-place i don't remember third-place but uh...
i've got to die back to drama was there any good freestyle drama
uh...
well the limited rooms but of course i've told you about the freestyle drama
but the limited amount of room space
people get it
i have to know i have to know
did anybody get served
and what way
he did
today they do their routine ago you got to do it
nobody got served
No, because people were just waiting for freestyle to start. It took too long for everybody else
to fucking get freestyle prepared. I think it started at 8.30. That was too late. Everybody's
tired. Oh shit, I could have gone to Spigol if I knew it was going to go that way. But
at the same time though, I mean, the condition, it was just too hot inside and limited space.
You can't really do anything. It's like pointing your fingers upwards, just not moving your
your whole body and using the whole, taking advantage of the whole freestyle.
Okay, were there any fistfights? No, there were no.
Stouting matches? Huh?
Knives drawn? No, no, no. But I heard, yeah, oh yeah.
Okay, I was just reading the forums, some people saying, damn Fab Five, it does have,
they have something to do with throwing a football at an 11 year old's head.
Wait, Fab Five, you mean like Carson and Tom and Gan and all them were there?
Everybody in the circle is there, but I'm not sure what the hell is going on with this drama and shit.
But you know, this drama exists, and...
And people are serving other people, and it's just, you know, servolution.
Then you got boyfriend-girlfriend conflicts with other men, or other women, whatever the hell you say it.
Well, this should be interesting, because one of the, I think one of the NorCal people
was saying, why is this?
Uh-uh, uh-uh, okay, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh,
he is not sleeping with my boyfriend, okay?
Okay, now, uh-uh, it's not gonna happen.
Okay, I'm gonna serve you right now, okay?
Well, here's the thing, this is...
How was that?
I don't know.
Well, what's funny is that...
That was my, like, Texas-slash-ghetto.
It was my Texas ghetto.
This is what a...
I don't understand this drama.
This is one of the funniest quotes I've ever...
One of the funniest questions that has been asked to me.
me why is this hot asian girl going out going out with old joe dirt
and because i think this one guy actually liked this
did anyone actually see the movie joe dirt
there's a hot chick jading joe dirt i mean
what the hell yeah that's what that's that was a response i got from one of
the people saying oh this girl is hot see i know something
like this is gonna happen so oh my god he tricked the asian he must
let's be super genius
any sorry
well yeah i think i did actually talk to some gay guy actual gay person
all my god my god they have been at weight
you actually saw a gay person
yes i have actually talked to a gay person in a minute
he's like you rob
oh dear
there's
uh...
well i would be
like you rob a gay
I'm not gay, I just...
Whoa, whoa, whoa! How about you?
You just pull in on the radio.
Yeah, this is just my radio personality, okay?
Yeah, pussy! I'm all about the pussy, man.
Tits, yeah, that's what I want right now.
A big, big...
I can't do it.
I'm...
I'm better than Judy Garland. I can't hold it anymore.
Well, perhaps you and that gay guy would have a good match.
And if he plays DDR, he's probably under 18, so not a good idea.
uh... he's over eighty by much of the place bdr anything like that
an actual living breathing a person
well therefore because i'm gay in this other person's gay
we have to have sex on the top
did they capture him in net
you know because
because if one of the cases right around there you know
you know what that's the spring
waited right well he
it does that they have to think that he was gay
as he's like bent over some dude. Yeah, I'm gay. Oh man, sorry. Not sorry. Well, I'm glad
you could finally meet a gay person. Alright, thank you. Alright, moving on. Let's go talk
about, because the chat room is getting restless, they're going. How long have they been having
this conversation no Loki I want to go to break oh yeah where's SVGL is near
MGL problem solved SVGL is in the Bay Area it's in southern Bay Area kind of
actually it's a 20-minute drive or near MGL it's like if you know where MGL is
it's basically and if you don't know where it is it's near San Jose California
basically it's a simple the easy because remember we're an international program
drive eight three simple steps to drive the Milpitas go to i-80 then go to
680 then exit where you still see it you'll see that's SVG I'm talking about
MGL SV just takes a little longer to get to though and there's gay people there
yes just start you know what just get in your car and start driving towards the
Madonna music and you'll end up in spiggle soon enough you'll see the giant
in the air. You know they're all tagged. And they've got, like, you know, those tags, like,
pierced on their ears. Like. Alright, you bitches. Let's, let's, let's hear who won
tonight's cage match, shall we? Uh, tonight in the cage match, we have a new champion.
it is monolithic house of joy yay all right moving on all right moving on I'm
not ready to end this cage match segment for good the way people keep never
beaten happy we need to take a break I we're gonna go to a break right now and
we're gonna start even though I couldn't find half the songs you want to hear in
the next break I did find once I did find panorama okay all right here it is
we will be back.
Oh
Follow the line, we can do it all, yeah
Ooh yeah, yeah, yeah
Dare kano ito toha maruuse hanta ini
Aluki daso kyo eisumu omeni
Ka tupa turega urega ue taku taku
Manu miyu se ga e mega keu nara
Me no mai ni tak, maru no bak, no fak, no kabe ukabe
Nani o miru, nani o mo, akariba tengo, hatoru no bashi go
Te nagua ni kyoure, tsuite, bakusha, kinchou kana
Tobi da baka, no makami, no naka, aki das
Gozo bao, waiya, todo, gozo, bama, jigga gozo
Una turechi da bari
You know what you want to do, don't look back at me
Sure I will see you through
No time for sleepin' when I can't get through
So understand, oh, oh, oh
You need to get your faith, keep all the faith
I don't think I lost it in a while
You can't halfway lose it just you
There's such a thing that you really don't have to try
You're due to hold all that you wish for if you had
You're flying emo, have fun while you can and even
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Mel B can join
us on all the fun together.
But hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs
absolutely nothing to go to, and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Take it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
tonight with us going on what yeah now I want to talk to you because I noticed
that you were doing something else so of course I want to distract you from that
other thing you were doing if you want to join our chat room www.orangelawnsradio.com
come complain about the cage match pics with everybody else
there in our chat room again we also have many programming that goes on
during the week Monday nights diversion the orange launch radio remix show
Tuesday nights, pump up the volume with the one and only Dark Sagra, and Thursday nights
outside the box with me, Rice Princess and Lanky Style, and Friday night over on DDR
Freak Radio, relive the magic of Orange Talent Radio Sunday nights as DDR Freak Radio rebroadcasts
our Sunday night program at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time. Loki, what's up?
Well, sim stuff. Basically, DDR maniacs has been down for a while now, so no new theme
stuff. Shhh, Loki. Anyways, there was a couple of turnouts going on that I don't care about,
Anyways, um, the first one that should be mentioned, well, I guess that'll be the first one.
Tourney Mix 5+, which is called the Re-Tourney Mix, which, I didn't really read the rules, but it sounds like it's just taking old songs from the Tourney Mix 1 through 5 and redoing them. Big deal.
Okay, so that's going on right now, you can find all the information you want in front-
Okay, okay, I have a comment.
Okay, so it's basically like the flashback episode of your favorite sitcom. It's the same old shit, with a different laugh track.
Yeah, so there's that. Then there's DDR OSC 3 Plus, the original set file contest. This
is remixed, basically. The rules for this is it has to be a song, a remix of a song
that's been used in DDR Attorney Mix, a remix of a song that's been used in OSC, or an Overclocked
remix that hasn't been used in either one, or an original remix of a song that's in a
non-music game, you know, base game. So, no DDR remixes, but, you know, remixes of other
crap is okay. And the due date for this is the 28th. All your information can be found
on the MyStyle. There's links to the OSC homepage and all that wonderful crap. And,
um, other than that, still stuff's being worked on for the, you know, the Symphile releases.
Now, one of the things I thought was funny that I'd like to mention was we've had our
very first, very first, um, record label coming after a DDR site for music being up on there.
And it's the funniest record label, you'd never expect it to be on there. It was the
music from Circus de Soleil. Is that? Cirque de Soleil. Oh, my mistake. Anyways, um, they,
uh... actually came after my cell for having to get some of the music on their
site
which should be surprising because any of their music actually being out there
on the internet
why the fuck anyone want to listen to it let them make a remix
or a uh... not remix a simp file for that i don't know
what i want to know is how the fuck did someone find that
anyways
so they got the seasoned assist for that
uh... thing but everything else is going as planned but i just thought that was
funny that that would be on there um other than that really nothing else going on so just those
two little tournaments there that are really don't have that much notice for and um well whatever
uh a comment in our chat room i'd like some discussion on tournaments is shit discuss
i just really don't care anymore you know everybody's like i don't even remember
I don't look at those as a good indicator. There really aren't that many quality sim files out there anymore.
Here's the problem. The pool is way too diluted, as you just said. I didn't follow any of that shit you just said, basically.
All I heard was blah, blah, blah, another contest on blah, blah, blah, another site. With blah, blah, blah.
And what the fuck? It's a contest based off of other contests? That's kind of weird to me, sorry.
But, so basically you've got what? You've got tournaments, and then you have the EI tournament, and then you have this, and then that.
everybody's got a freaking tournament going on right now it's just like how
like two years ago when extreme was kind of new every other week there was a DDR
tournament somewhere like I remember in NorCal every week for a couple months
there was a tournament somewhere and it was just like people did not have the
time to come up with freestyle routines they didn't care anymore so I see the
same thing happening here here's my problem okay and this is the biggest
problem that I have with everything once food mix came out that set the new
I'm sorry. It's just nothing has come close. Nothing will come close until Food Mix releases something else.
Oh yeah, Food Mix.
And that's it. So, you know what? I'm sorry, but there's no, no Simphile creator out there that can even match that, or even come close to matching that.
Even without the yippie hippie background movies. If you were to take the background movies out, would you still feel the same?
the same. Because I think background movies is a little much to ask some Joe Shmo in their
basement to create. How the hell the food mix guys did it? Hey, you know what? I don't
know. They just had way too much free time. But come on.
You're very talented though. I mean, that's what it really was.
Don't get me wrong. And I, the songs are great and the steps are great. I'm not arguing that.
Well, that's a pretty good question.
I'm just saying, they've got a really, they've got it all. So, even if you were to remove
the videos, would you still say that?
Yeah.
So, the artwork in the background is still phenomenal, and they created their own songs that didn't sound like shit.
That was also really good. And the interface, the whole theme was awesome. Just everything about that was awesome.
Now, as I see in the chat room, you know, how about the judging?
Well, I've been saying it since, what, Turnimix 2-3-1, I don't know, it doesn't matter.
I've been saying they cannot have these sim files labeled by who made them, because you'll never get fair judging for it.
What do they do every time they fucking label who they're from?
Then they're not voting on Simphile, they're voting for who their favorite person is.
And everybody goes straight to download D.M. Ashura's file, and they go straight to download
Moogle Hunter's file.
And don't get me wrong, I love Moogle Hunter, he's a local guy, I love him.
And what else?
They go straight to download Bahmani Ruler, Jesus Christ, and they go straight to download
whatever, the big people in the Sim scenes.
And they win!
Actually, you can't say that about Boogle Hunter from X4, because he got screwed over and, you know...
Well, you actually can't say that because they started doing the pack thing, which is just a more wasted bandwidth on the internet.
It doesn't matter anymore. No one seems to care. I mean, there are, I guess, people... I don't know. I just really... I don't know. It doesn't matter to me anymore.
I used to go to those and go, oh, there's some good sim files there, but now it's just like, no, they're not. No, no, no.
No, I'm sorry.
It gets gone to shit, basically. People will just not care, and they just go, let's download a song, and let's get a high score of it.
Okay, I download personally, I go on, you know, by myself almost daily, and I look on there in their sim files, you know, selection area, and I look and see what remixes are on there.
And I listen to every single Max remix on there, every single one that's been made.
Yeah!
Okay, I know that's wrong, but I do it, you know, because you know what, there are every-
Next person to take a Max song and mix it with a Pops A or Pops B song like Max, I don't know, Max, Mr. Wonderful or whatever?
I hope you get laughed off the internet, seriously. Mr. Maxifull or whatever, I hope you get laughed off the internet.
Well, someone did make- I think someone did do It's Renny Max, I'm not really sure that's true.
Kill me!
Actually, I wouldn't say but constructive comments because, you know, people post things,
Ooh, you stole this! You stole that!
Crap, and then it gets deleted afterwards by a mod.
Anyways, whatever.
So basically, yeah, there's just not a lot of good shit out there anymore.
I'm sorry, food mix and diverse systems have basically cornered the market in sim files and remixes, so...
Sorry.
All right, and that's all that's going on in the sims team right now, it's just a variety
of tournaments.
You know what?
Here's an idea.
If you want to make your tournament stand out above all the other remix tournaments,
how about throwing some decent prizes?
Get some entry fees and some real good prizes.
Get some folks to donate some good stuff, because really, what's the best prize you've
ever seen for one of these tournaments?
Nothing.
Just the prizes.
Case in point.
Thank you very much.
a really really good freestyle routines when there's a thousand dollar pot on the line
when you see the really shit for routines you know when it's going to be a pat on the
back and a certificate you know good job you the winner you winner of tourney mint just
just one little quick note here i like to mention um goldwave is not a remixing program
do not use it as a remixing program it is not meant for remixing it's meant for audio
editing audio editing does not include remixing please do not use it to remix stuff speeding up a
song or putting a filter over it does not constitute a remix please do not make it a remix please do
not reverse a song call it a remix it's not a remix stop people please stop
all right on that note i think we're gonna go to a break um let's see oh yes loki and chopping up
a song very crudely and in, I might add, Gold Wave, is also not a remix.
Okay, fair enough. I think what we're going to do is we're going to go to a break, and
why don't we do, because we haven't played any of this in a while, why don't we do some
music from Phoon Mix? Sound good?
Yes.
Sounds phony.
Sounds Phoon-erific. Alright, we'll play some Phoon Mix music, and then we come back the
FUs of the week, because what a good way to follow up with some Phoon Mix music. Alright,
we'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio. Enjoy.
Feel the touch of my hand
He's the brute of your head
Hittin' time in battle at the end
Hit the coast.
Feel you.
people to bust out a Sharpie pen, draw arrows on the tiles, and start stomping away.
A friendly public service announcement from Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. We're going to try to do a list list in a little
while, and I think the topic tonight, so you guys can start thinking about it. Don't, well,
should I hold off on it? Yeah. Alright, well hold off on it. Some of you guys that were
chat earlier tonight they'll already know what the list list is all about for
tonight so you know start thinking about that because I am going to do the one
that you guys were talking about beforehand I said that would be a good
list list topic we'll do that but first we have to get ranty yes because it just
would not be an episode of orange launch radio if we did not have a little bit
when the hell is that noise you need to talk about what that's all about Loki
p0k3smot42o1 that's one gaussian meter
the TV on. Awesome. Yeah, it's a cancer meter. That's basically what it is. And it's also
for ghost hunting. Yeah, I like how you just added that in here. Oh, and it's also for
ghost hunting. Alright. Like the thing from Ghostbusters. The PKE meter. Shall we get
to tonight's FUs of the Week? Sure. Alright, you guys can send in your FUs in the chat
room right now, try to keep them brief please. However, why is it that we have to do the
FUs every single week, Ms. Darkseidro?
Buh-arg.
My first FU goes to a people who decide to weave in and out of lanes in the fog.
That's really stupid and that's how accidents happen.
But then again, I suppose the Darwinism will soon work on that one.
Another one goes to people who drive too slow in the fog,
because then all the rest of us are backed up by the people who are speeding
running into my ass.
And of course, driving off without stopping or anything, so.
A few goes to the top of my trunk inside,
because I gouged out a big piece of my thumb just shy of the tendon.
It bled, and bled, and bled, and I got one of those Band-Aids on it that's supposed
to trap the fluids underneath so that you'll heal faster using your own antibodies, and
it looked like a big purple bubble.
It's really disgusting.
And F you toward the financial situation to where I can't afford to get the special edition
2DS tape style, but I have Parappa coming, so it's all good.
And as you toured how expensive Dan's present was, since he doesn't listen to the show,
I have no problem saying that I bought Dan the Ultimate Matrix box set, and it was 70
bucks.
Although, actually, I think that they marked it down by $10 a Target.
I paid $59, so 10 different.
No, $57, yeah, it was about that at Target.
They lowered the price.
But still, when I first looked at it and saw a $70 price tag, I was freaking out, but I
bought it for him anyway.
Another F.U. goes toward just the sick that I had for the past three days.
It was the type of illness that just saps all of your energy, and I did nothing but
eat lobster burritos and ice cream for three days, sat on the floor and played Fantasy
kostjamrh The only thing I can remember is the stupid bitch that tried to pass me in the right lane today.
kostjamrh And the slow driver has behind on the way to my dad's house today, because he's driving down a one lane road, fucking slow because there's a little fog in the distance, and he can only see 999 miles, and not the full 1000.
p0k3smot42o I don't like potlucks
p0k3smot42o i dont call you an addict
p0k3smot42o i dont have much to complain about
p0k3smot42o i dont have much to complain about
for five years I'm not getting paid shit so that sucks and then I don't know I
just hate Christmas fuck you to Christmas because you know I don't want
to buy people gifts see you're a Grinch I buy people gifts all year round and I
don't really get shit about the birthday of Jesus or whatever it is supposed to
be for you know I'm sure immaculate conception okay that's what I got to say
she Mary was a fucking whore okay she just does not want to admit it they're
not putting it in the books okay but you know that she had a way she had a way
around the Bethlehem there little slut anyway well now that we're all going to
hell anything else you want to share yeah if I give a printer for the bean
out of ink and I have to buy more ink because the fucking cartridges are like
tiny. You print like one page and it's like, out of ink! You're out of ink! Ah, shit. I
might as well buy a new printer, because it comes with new ink when you buy a new printer,
and it's just about as expensive as replacing the ink, so, why not? There, I'm done.
A nephew to the fog, because fog is scary, and I don't like driving in it, and I think people are always
always going to run into me, and it's scary. An F.U. to the fact that the bar sucked last
night, I did not have really a lot of fun. Well, you know, I had fun with the person
that I went with, but I just wasn't feeling it. So, F.U. to bars in general. I think I'm
going to stop going. Except for karaoke, because I love karaoke. And I don't really have a
whole lot else. An F.U. to not really getting any sleep in the past few days, and the fact
I'm not going to get any more in the next few because I've got a lot of stuff going
on at work next week and I just want to cry. That's it for me. Let's go on to DDR Angel.
Heh, as I try not to strangle Rob with the, uh, mic cord! Yay! Um...
I actually have no idea.
God, I don't even know. Well, yeah, just F you to circumstances, cause...
Um, well, not for me personally, but for other people that I...
You're a F you!
Yeah, I know! But, uh, I don't like said person either, so never mind.
And yeah, nothing else because it's Christmas week and I'm not as anxious as I was last week so, too bad.
Alright, Arkadian42, what's on your mind?
Uh, let's see, uh, fuck you to feeling kinda blah at the moment. I don't know, I just feel tired tonight.
You're getting it.
Am I getting it?
Well, I don't know if I'm getting anything, but I just had some colds and stuff.
Maybe I've just been sleeping.
Okay, uh, I don't know.
I don't know.
It's not really too much.
I'll give a preliminary fuck you to the Sacramento Quark, because they're probably going to make
me pay the full damn fine.
But I hope they'll reduce it more easily.
That was the goodness of everybody.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
to the sacramento court because they're probably going to make me pay the full damn fine
but I hope they'll reduce it more easily
out of the goodness of their hearts
they have no hearts!
explicit
alright
I've already said most of my FUs from the SPGL tournament
okay an FU goes to the fog
God damn, I couldn't even see what the hell I was driving.
Oh my god, thank god I didn't go to SVGL because I would have cried like a little girl in the fog because I hate fog.
I really, really hate fog.
Fe to my friend Patrick for giving me the wrong directions. We almost got lost a few times heading back...
No, heading to SVGL and heading back again to Sacramento.
God.
Either that or just giving Fe to Yahoo maps for messing up the directions.
FV2MyFriend for misplanning the time management just heading to SVGL, we were supposed to
be there like around 11.15 as planned, but I had planned earlier, but he wanted me to
do certain things, therefore causing us to be there around like 11.35 almost being late
to the whole tournament.
And I hate to say this, but FV2MyFriend Sean, not Shane, for being to SVGL very late, instead
He said he went to Milpitas Golf Land, playing in the groove for 30 minutes, when you know there's a big tournament that a friend of ours who was actually at his car, who Hella wanted to compete in his first big tournament and try to shine at his first tournament.
Yeah, we have an actual...
You know that's kind of smart to go play in the groove at Milpitas because you know everybody's a Sunnyvale?
You know Hella is not a word?
I just needed to point out that somehow or another I managed to spend $111.11 at the grocery store today.
Thank you for that bit of utter randomness. Back to explicit.
Okay, an F.U. goes to having four freaking finals the whole week, not getting me enough sleep.
Damn, finals sucks, but at least it's over with and at least I passed all my fucking classes. Thank God for that.
And Fv2 people who actually spent $23,000 on a fucking Yu-Gi-Oh card.
Yes. That is ridiculously stupid. Spending $23,000 on a freaking card.
When it's going to be released later on as an actual comment.
Everyone knows that, you know, Pokemon's where it's at.
yeah three oh yeah how much what I remember I forgot how much spending a
shitload of money just for three Pikachu's on Pokemon I don't remember but
I don't give a shit but you could have spent like a Honda Civic or any other
freaking car rather than spending money on a freaking card who would spend that
much money a card collector with flots of liquid assets to throw away at any
whim the person who burns money in his fireplace the person who wipes his ass
with dollar bills. A person who uses napkins, or actually dollar bills with napkins. Wow.
A person who eats money. Oh man. Okay, an F-Fute goes to the scar I have on my leg during
the SVGL3 tournament. I was, I was nonstop bleeding the whole time. Wow, really, and
really and you didn't die? I didn't die, so I'm still alive. Not poison and stuff and
all. And F.U. goes to the rest of the drama on SVGL3, of course. Yes, I screwed up on
the fucking tournament regardless of the patty issues or not. And F.U. goes to AMP, the drink
AMP, for not keeping me awake the whole time. It says it's supposed to keep me awake just
like balls does. Well, those assholes were lying to you. I'm sorry there's no substitute
for balls some good balls down your throat it's just perfect yeah cuz those
that amp is better well I nearly fell asleep in the wheel and almost got into
an accident god damn that stimulant for not keeping me away yeah that's how bad
a freaking amp is oh yeah um the amp 2dx led for being hella either the
sounds being hella off-sync or just me being off-sync as shit scoring like
90% goods is not cool, especially for songs that you nearly...
That's cool for me.
That's like playing D2R with a full grade attack, which I've nearly done.
And finally...
And... Oh no, I'm...
Wrap it up!
Oh yeah, of course, FU4 not sleeping, of course.
FU4 actually cleaning up for fucking Christmas.
Christmas. I know Christmas is in the house and that's why I'm taking it this week, but
I shouldn't have been cleaning up the whole week that I had finals for god damn sakes.
I swear to god you're going to have your own spin-off show where you just sit there. You
and Dark Child. I'm going to give you guys your own show. It's going to be on at three
in the morning. So you can get this all out of your system. Now wrap it up.
stop. Fine. That has to be continued. No, no, never to be continued. Over. Are you in
the booth or something? What is this sound effect? Why hasn't he tried out for life in
the real world? I hate my roommates because they annoy me so. Let me count the ways. Damn
those cameras. Let's fucking break the cameras and blow up the house. Yeah, like I said,
to be continued. There's no ending of the F.U. raps.
Chat room time. Misty says F.U. to the cam for being retarded when the presents were
up. F.U. to the guy that won't answer my text messages. I know that you're pissed at the
rest of the people that work at the same store, but are you so pissed that you can't even
answer a text message to let me know you're alright? Damn it, I'm getting worried about
you. Don't want to break our friendship over something stupid, but if I have to, I will.
out. Thank you sir. Who needs food? DJ Ron Ma S says, you know what you sound like right
now is you sound like our old microphone. This is Matt coming to you from two years ago.
Oh yeah. DJ Ron Ma S says, F you to the idiots on my job for stealing broken iPods. Are you
that fucking stupid? Another F you to the RIAA MPAA for taking down supernova.org. Groton
hell, you bastards!
No, it's bunny-
Hey! If you actually go to supernova.org and check out the site, it says that they shut
down due to bandwidth issues, not because of the RIA or MPAA. However, buy-torrent.com.
That's not B-U-I, but B-I, like bisexual. B-I-torrent.com. And thank me later.
And all I have to say is, there's something else probably gonna come out that's gonna
replace BitTorrent anyways.
I'm coming out of the booth! I'm just using a tonant reactor right now.
Alright, back to the FUs. And an FU, continuing DTRMS, and an FU to the customer that tried
to kick my ass for buying the very last mini PS2 in my store. SUCK ON A COLD!
Stop buying smaller products! God damn it, Sony's trying to do to you what they did,
Or what Nintendo did with the Game Boy, is release the same shit smaller and with less functionality or whatever.
That's all a word. I know it. I don't care. I really don't.
I'm gonna shove that tube up your ass that you're using for the sound effects.
I'm old school, man.
Sherlock has an F.U. An F.U. to the Syracuse DDR scene for being a bunch of hypocritical shit talkers.
You're the reason why I hate going to the local arcades.
And Jazz says F.U. to Fog. I had to drive via road reflectors last night.
Dark Sakura sends a message and says I want to offer a fuck you to that sky guy. He really pisses me off. Seriously.
Screw you, hippie.
Jaded2004 says, F you to my windows for making it cold in here, because it's 12 degrees outside.
Oh my god, it's time to move to the Bahamas. Seriously?
Oh, see ya.
Sorry.
Can I see that tube for a minute?
No.
No, I want to do the sound effect. No, I want to do the sound effect.
Come on, let me do the sound effect.
This is God talking.
Loki, you need to be punished.
There's rock germs on it now.
I frenched it.
Um, Rychan says F you to the manic depressants that seem to find me,
and being the person I am,
listening to their whining and act like their friends.
F you to my awesome week coming to an end on my birthday.
F you to myself for crying so much.
Right-chan needs an orange lounge hug and F you to my ignition pads finally
biting the dust I loved you guys nine months of accomplishments cry face
illusion says F you to this crazy lady that was honking at us and flipping us
off as we headed home from Knott's Berry Farm last night okay hold on I have two
issues with that a when you're in so Cal that's the way everybody drives down
there. You're all fucking nuts. And B, what the hell are you doing at Knott's Berry Farm?
Dude, that place rocks. You can make your own candles.
Knott's Berry Farm. I don't know about now, but I don't know about you, man, the laughing
stock of theme parks. I don't know about you, but how come they have a theme park based
around jelly? I mean, really. Jellyland. With Snoopy and his jelly bandits. It's like an
overrated like I don't even know what all right illusion continues f you to
myself for being too greedy to want to pay my own hard-earned money on other
people and emphasis on hard and f you to televangelism and lastly Poto says f you
to imbalanced paladins in the world of Warcraft I'm tired of killing the thing
three times. Well, don't play World of Warcraft. And another F.U. to Loki for that Virgin Mary
comment. Just kidding. But do F.U. to not say, and I quote, J.K., but do F.U. to not
saying Merry Christmas, everyone. Christmas? Get it? No, no, no. Get it? Christmas? I don't
to do it, right? Sure, why not? Loki, you're going to do it. Yes. And I'm going to do it.
Angel, are you going to do it? And why don't you two share? The couch gets to share. You
know what? No. I changed my mind. Arcadian gets to do it by himself. Jonas, you don't
get to do it because you were late. But if you want to do it late, or if you want to
do it... Jonas is late. Is he pregnant? If you want to help Arcadian, you can. Alright.
The way Listless works, ok we haven't done Listless in a long time but the way Listless
works because you know how we have this obsession in our society where we have to create the
top list. Like we have to have the top 3 of all time. Actually can I have the tube? Can
I have the tube for a minute? It's the top 3 of all time. My god, we're so sad now that
we use the tube as a special effect. Alright. So we're gonna come up with the top 3 list
of all time. And the top 3 list we're gonna do tonight, tonight's topic, and I'm gonna
to give you guys the break to come up with it. If you guys in the chat room
have suggestions, you can start posting there in the chat room www.orensontrader.com.
Okay, top three. Here it is. This is inspired by a chat that some folks in
the chat room were having before the show. Beatmania 2DX. Rumor is that
someday, somehow, they're going to bring it over to the USA, but they can't really
call it Beatmania 2DX because there was no Beatmania DX. Now, you can't really
call it hip-hop mania either because that's gay. So, we have to come up with a new name
for Beatmania 2DX. So tonight we're gonna come up with the top three names for Beatmania
2DX in America of all time. Your head does not have the water for properties of the tube!
Okay, remember guys, top three names for Beatmania 2DX's American release of all time. Now if
course, to humor those people that are going to get out there and go,
well, you know, Orange Lounge Radio, you fags,
what they should do is just call it Beatmania 2DX.
Who cares? Okay, I understand that.
Speaking of that, my stipulation, though, is that nobody can pick Beatmania 2DX as the title.
Yeah, that's a given. And nobody can say Hip-Hop Mania 2, either.
Be more creative.
Actually, I hear people call it Beatmania 2DX, Be Me A Two Dicks.
So okay, beat me with two dicks. Is that what you just said? Beat me with two dicks. Beat you with two dicks? I can have that arranged.
Alright. Not by me of course. Alright.
Quiet.
Alright, so just humor us a little bit you guys. We're coming up with new names, okay? Alright.
In the meantime, we're going to go to a break featuring some tracks from Beatmania 2DX. Go figure.
I mean, who knew that I would want to choose those kinds of songs?
You want to hear the safari?
You want to hear the safari?
Alright, we'll do the safari, because the safari has been in like every two years.
Alright, we'll be back.
Hello everybody and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
We're about to get this listless segment underway.
Remember that we are trying to find the top three names
that they could call Beatmania 2DX
if they released it in the US,
because you can't call it 2DX,
because there was no one.
Of course, then you could argue
that HipHopMania would be the name,
but that's gay, so we're not gonna call it that either.
So we're gonna find a new name for it here.
Or for anybody that plays Final Fantasy XI with me,
It's so teets.
Alright.
Yes.
What?
Yes.
Dark Saturday.
You need.
It's right.
Well, you threw it on the floor.
Somebody did.
Rob.
Yes.
Addict.
Then again, I'm over here chatting with two people about PSL.
I know.
You're like, oh, I'm going to go home.
I'm going to play PSL all night.
I'm going to try to find some game show music here but I don't know if I have anything.
Damn it!
Price is Right music!
I kind of have Price is Right music. Actually I do have an idea of what we can do.
We need Plinko music!
There is no Plinko music!
We need the yodeling one.
Do you know which one that is?
goes to the mountain. No, I got a better idea. We're gonna do this one. It's not that it's
a... Okay, seriously, stop. That's right, everybody. It's time to play List List. Tonight's
celebrities for List List will be determining our list of the top three names for BeatMania
2DX in America of all time!
Say hello to DarkSagra!
Oh shit, my clothes are done.
Say hello to Loki!
Doo-doo-doo!
Say hello to DDR Angel!
Um, hi.
Say hello to Arcadia42!
Like wow, man.
And say hello to BarkersBeautyExplicit!
Motherfucker!
Alright!
And now introducing...
sky hi here I am not that I use two voices or anything all right let's go
around and see what everybody came up with and I'm gonna write them down here
remember chat room you guys have the final say and in great reality radio
fair there's an elimination round where we're gonna take out some of the ones
that we deemed to be crappy all right let's hear it Jamie number three I can't
I can't believe it's not B-Mania 2DX!
I can't believe it's not B-Mania 2DX!
Why that name?
Any reason why?
Because it's not.
Loki!
You're number three.
Super Toast!
Super Toast!
Any reason why you're calling it Super Toast?
That was better than normal toast.
All right, DDR Angel, you're number three.
She needs more time. You got a number three at least? You got one?
Okay, Jamie can scream at it now.
What?
Because, it's funny.
Okay, I don't know if Rob's gonna laugh when he's DDR-ing so it's not good.
Just say it already.
Spinning Totomaster.
Spinning what?
No, that's not right.
Spinning Tarumania.
Spinning Tarumania!
Why would I laugh at a Final Fantasy XI joke?
Alright.
There's a lot of games out there.
My number three pick, because I was thinking that they want to actually sell copies of
this game, so they'd have to borrow from another franchise, so my number three pick for a name
would be rumbleroses2. Rumbleroses2! Alright, uh, Arcadian42 and explicit, what number three
name did you come up with? We're gonna do it separately. Can we? You can do it separately,
that's fine. Alright, you're number three Arcadian. Okay, uh, I'm planning to do it
Americans it's like keys and stuff it's it's like keys and stuff all right
explicit your number three pick number three pick would be beatbox revolution
Beatbox Revolution! Any reason why?
Okay, that's gross sounding.
I explained it.
Alright, let's go on to our number two picks, starting off with Jamie.
Button Smashing Game.
Button Smashing Game!
Loki, your number two pick.
I would go with he puts a lot of work into this you guys it's gonna be how
about just turntable mania turntable mania god that sucks
I gotta think of a better one.
Alright, Angel, your number two pick.
This one sucks too.
Ah! DJ Spin Master.
DJ Spin Master!
My number two pick, again going with the theme of they actually want to sell copies of this game in the US, would be...
MTV presents Britney Mania 2005.
Cuz they can- Brit mania for short.
Alright, moving on. Let's go to Arcadian42.
Something a bit more normal. Feel the Beat mania.
Feel the Beat mania!
Alright, explicit.
Mix it up.
mix it up!
Any reason why?
Well, since everyone's talking about the losses with the DDR public scene,
maybe they'll come out with a fire back saying,
let's call it mix it up, so let's go pump it up's name.
Oh, okay, we'll play on pump it up there, I got it, alright.
Alright, let's see, Jamie, your number one pick, number one!
Um, pretend you're a real DJ, but not.
Pretend you're a real DJ, but not!
Is it but not or but you're not?
I'll have that, but not really.
Pretend you're a real DJ, but not really!
Loki, you're number one.
I have to think long and hard on this, okay?
It's Super Monkey Wombat cheese burrito.
Super Monkey Wombat Cheese Burrito!
Any particular reason why you want to call a video game with falling bars, uh, Super Monkey Wombat Cheese Burrito?
Because it fits.
You're an idiot.
Alright, Angel!
Well if he's an idiot, my next one's not that much better, but I thought it was funny.
from a total noobs perspective oh shit there's too much to do the game oh shit
there's too much to do the game
my number one pick my number one pick I think really encompasses what the game
is really all about because I've been playing the money for a long long time
and I've been looking at the forums and everything and I think I've captured the name that really
shows what this game is all about. So my number one pick, Elitist Elitist Revolution. Elitist
the greatest, elitist revolution!
Arcadian42, your number one pick.
I want to be Mingo.
No, that's not it.
TurntablistKing.
TurntablistKing!
Any reason why?
Okay, cuz, I like that. Alright, uh, Jonas AKA explicit, your number one pick.
Okay. DJ Gazm, the international finger-banging music game.
DJ Gazm, the international finger-banging music game!
All right, boy, we have a whole lot on this list here, and six of them are going to come
off this list right now. Let me read the list here. I can't believe it's not BeatMania 2DX,
Super Toast, Spinning Tarumania, Rumble Roses 2, It's Like Keys and Stuff, Beatbox Revolution,
Button Smashing Game, Turntable Mania, DJ Spin Master, MTV Presents, Britney Mania 2005,
Feel the Beat Mania, Mix It Up, Pretend You're a Real DJ But Not Really, Super Monkey Wombat
Cheese Burrito, Oh Shit There's Too Much To Do, The Game, Elitist Elitist Revolution,
Turntablest King, and DJ Gasm, The International Finger Banging Music Game. Jamie, one of these
sadly has to come off the list. What's coming off?
Super Toast. Super Toast is Toast.
Loki, which one of these is coming off the list?
Sadly, Beatbox Revolution, because there is a beatboxing game coming out, and that's not beatboxing.
And that's another reason either.
Alright, Angel, which one of these has to come off the list?
It's like keys and stuff.
It's like keys and stuff, off the list.
I have to eliminate, sadly, sorry Angel, but spinning Tarou mania has got to come off the
list.
As much as I love Final Fantasy XI, even 2DX isn't that good.
I know, I know.
Alright, Arcanium 42, what's coming off the list?
Britney whatever thing, it's like so over.
MTV presents Britney Mania 2005 because, in the words of Arkadian42, it's so over.
Alright.
Britney is so last year, okay?
Yeah, like, like totally.
I'm gonna get on the forums and tell those orange orange radio people that Britney is so 2003, okay?
Jonas, you're the last one to get to eliminate something off the list. What is it?
I hate to say this, but I'll have to say Rumble Roses 2.
You bastard!
That was the best name on there.
Rumble Roses 2 is off the list.
Alright.
Here we go.
I'm going to paste the list in the chat room and you guys can send a private message with
your vote right now.
Okay?
So send a private message with your vote.
Here it is.
Let me get the music for this.
Alright, I can't believe it's not Beatmania 2DX.
Button Smashing Game, Turntable Mania,
DJ Spin Master, Feel the Beatmania,
Mix It Up, Pretend You're a Real DJ But Not Really,
Super Monkey Wombat Cheese Burrito,
Oh Shit There's Too Much To Do, The Game,
Elitist Elitist Revolution, Turntablist King,
and DJgasm, The International Fingerbanging Music Game.
place your vote right now by sending a private message to Sky with your vote. And the winners
will be announced very soon. We have to go to one quick break. It looks like we're running
over a little bit, guys, tonight. I apologize. Hopefully nobody cares, right? Nobody cares
if we run a little bit over tonight. Let's go to a quick music break. We're going to
do a 2DX song, but we'll do a long song. It's one of my very favorite 2DX songs of all time,
and I want to play this, so you guys can deal. And it's Hoard Out everywhere. Everywhere
people play this song and when we come back from this song we're going to announce the
winner so please hurry up, get your votes in now, so we're going to announce the winner
and we're going to wrap up the show. We'll be back here, don't go away yet because we're
going to tell you what's coming up next week. Well you can leave to the laundry room, Jamie,
just telling the listeners, all right? All right, we'll be back.
Oh
Hey, how are you?
Alright, we are back to wrap it up here on Orange Lounge Radio, but I know you are dying
to know what won tonight's list list.
You ready for this guys? Alright, here we go.
It's time to announce the top three list of all time.
Names that we would call Beatmania 2DX here in America.
It was a very close vote tonight. Very, very, very, very close vote tonight.
But in the end, three of them came out victorious.
victorious in third place DJ Chasm the international finger-banging music game
in second place oh shit there's too much to do the game and in first place
Drum roll, please
Elitist elitist revolution
Thank you everybody for playing listless is not a mark Goodson production
All right
Okay, so I guess that's gonna wrap it up for the show you guys I think that I think that sums it up for me
there elitist elitist revolution and on that note our show is over
oh yeah 930 already oh it's already it's it's past 930 it's 934 over there yeah
we got to get this wrapped up all right so we got to go around and get
everybody's final thought thank you everybody for tuning in tonight next
week more presents more of Jamie's laundry next week yes maybe all right
and a new end of the year special and that means of course we got to do this
I wish I were home so I could change into my freshly washed pajama bottoms.
They're comfy and soft and smell like gain.
around in your pajama bottoms. That's what I do. Alright, she's holding it to her face
like a gas mask. I explicit your final thought. Can't hear you, buddy. No, I seriously can't
hear you, buddy. I can't hear him. Get him the other mic. Quick, quick. No, he has to
walk over here. Alright. Fuck SBGL3 drama. Enjoy the holidays, so ho, ho, ho. Hey, you
You like them hoes, don't you? All right.
Merry Christmas, and a happy fucking New Year.
All right, Merry Christmas.
Arcadia...
DDR Angel, your final thought.
Ping.
Arcadia 42, your final thought.
Cross your fingers, I'll have to play the whole damn fine.
Um, Loki, your final thought.
I gotta buy me one of those bootleg Nintendo things in the mall, because they're still selling them.
Even though they, you know, got in trouble for that shit.
That, and I gotta work on my cabinet, because my cabinet's lonely and needs more, more um, interfaces.
Yeah.
And my final thought for tonight, everybody, is...
bootay.
My final thought is Super Monkey Wombat Cheese Burrito.
Which didn't get a single vote, by the way, might I point that out?
You know what? I don't care. It will have a special place in my heart.
Yeah, that'll be the time you're getting your twelfth bypass, and they have to have that
surgically removed.
Alright guys, thanks for staying a little bit long with us tonight, not too much, nothing
too bad.
But thank you very much everybody for tuning in and listening and supporting Orange Lawns
Radio.
We really do appreciate it.
Don't forget, we are on 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, OrangeLawnsRadio.com.
Big changes coming to the station in 2005.
We'll see.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Hangovers, rigging up the lights and finding a Christmas tree.
The fourth day net Christmas has been such a pain to me.
Sending Christmas cards, hangovers, rigging up the lights
and finding a Christmas tree.
The fifth day net Christmas that's such a pain to me.
Five locks of bills!
Send me Christmas cards.
Hangovers!
Ricking up the lights!
Stand by me, the Christmas tree.
Six things at Christmas that's such a pain to me
Make! Say! Mine! And! More!
Five ones of bills!
I hate those Christmas cards!
Hangovers!
Ricking up these lights!
Stand by me, the Christmas tree.
The seventh things at Christmas that's such a pain to me.
This tailfish and all these snakes in my in-laws
Five months old bills
Bending Christmas cards
Oh jeez, I'm trying to rig up these lights
And finding a Christmas tree
He ain't made it Christmas, that's such a pain to me
I want a red farmer for Christmas
Charity, now what do you mean you're in-laws?
Five months old bills
Ah, making up these cards
Oh, you just gave me a beer, huh?
Well, we have no extension cords!
And finding a Christmas tree
The night thing at Christmas
That's such a pain to me
Finding parking spaces
Daddy, I want some candy!
Don't eat shit!
Facing the feelin'
Five months of bill
Writing on those Christmas cards
Hangovers
Now, why the hell are they blinking?
And finding a Christmas tree
The tip thing at Christmas, that's such a pain to me
The battery's not included
No parking spaces
The battery does this!
Get a job, you fuck!
You're chasing me to Mars!
Five months old bill
Yo ho, sending Christmas cards
Oh jeez, look at this
One light goes out, they all go out!
And finding a Christmas tree
The 11th thing at Christmas, that's such a pain to me
Stales even special!
The battery's not included
No parking space news
Oh my gosh, I'm so bad for them!
Charity!
She's a witch, I hate her!
Five lungs of hell
Oh, I don't even know how faith people
Oh, who's got the charity paper hands?
To the flashlight and raw fumes!
And finding a Christmas tree
The twelfth thing at Christmas
That's such a pain to be
Singing Christmas carols
Steel TV specials
Batteries not included
No parking!
Yay!
Gotta make them dinner!
Five months of dinner!
I'm not saving them, mister, that's it!
Shut up, you!
Fine! You're so smart, you'll rig up their life!
And find it a Christmas tree!
Orange Lounge Radio, the post show or the after birth as we so lovingly called it for
these past two and a half years where we talk about all that other stuff that we didn't
get too quiet on the show. I can't believe we've been doing it this long. Oh my god,
it's seriously time to quit. Ah, stop quitting. No, I'm kidding, no. Quitter, quitter. We'll
be doing this right now. You know I got a fortune cookie today, it was really weird,
it said something about like, something you are focusing on, and I was thinking about
Orange Laundry when I read it, it said something you are focusing on, it will grow a lot in
this next year. It'll be very interesting to see what happens. Although we have a really
boring webcam, we seriously need to start pointing that somewhere else, like, we need
to get a goldfish or something you know when you're reading that fortune I was
thinking of my penis so
because you know you weren't here and stuff I had so much food today I went to
Panda Express I ate like a three combo did you break the webcam way to go I'm
so awesome that wasn't Jamie that was me if you can believe it you're belchy I
I know.
I am going home, bye!
You're going home? Fine.
I have to go home to my life.
Hey, you're going to E3s next year, right?
Well, yeah.
If we end up deciding to go to The Price is Right, will you go?
Cause, hearing Come on Down made me think of, you know, when I went to The Price is Right a couple years ago. It was so much fun.
Sure.
And, Loki, you're gonna go too?
I have to go before he dies.
Oh my god, I found a contestant.
We all have to wear-
Oh my god, if you were a contestant on that show, I'd pee myself, because you'd be so shy.
I'd pee if I go-
I'd be like, yeah. Oh my god!
I wouldn't be one of those screamy, happy, clappy people. Hi, hi! You girls are ugly!
I wouldn't be one of those screamy, happy, clappy people.
I'd be like, wow.
I suppose I'd pick this. You'd have an orgasm and you know it. No I wouldn't.
Don't touch me. Oh my god, you're orange.
I want to go, and we all should wear matching shirts.
We can hype it up on the station and have it be the big Orange Launch Radio Television
debut.
As an internet radio.
Weird.
Well, we'll hype it up.
The Orange Launch Radio Television debut.
I like that idea.
Okay.
Alright.
We'll see what happens.
Except when one of us walks behind the G4 camera.
Alright.
Bye.
Alright.
Have a good night, Jamie.
Thanks for coming.
And anybody else want to add anything?
Now you're dying to see The Price is Right live in person, aren't you, somebody looking?
I watched that show since I've been five.
Oh, really? What was on it last week?
It was some white trash bastard winning a Buick or something, I don't know.
Perfect!
Wow, you got it! I'm amazed!
Alright, bye Jamie, have a good night, and you know what?
Good night to the rest of you guys, too. Have a good one.
Thank you very much for tuning into and supporting Orange Launch Radio.
We do appreciate it, as always.
post-show tonight, you get some Taku. Not a taco, but a Taku. Enjoy.
Oh
Now
Now
Now
Say welcome
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
Air-power
The
the
the
the
the
you
Oh
Bring it on, girl Bring it on, girl
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
Oh
I'm a
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
The
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
...
...
...
...
...
The most difficult thing I've ever tried to do is to clear the mind of a human being.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
So
So
So
So
So
So
So
Sip, sip, sip, sip Sip, sip, sip, sip
Sip, sip, sipse, sipse, sipse, sipse
Sipse, sipse, sipse, sipse, sipse
Corgi
Whatever
Corgi
,
,
,
,
.
,
,
,
,
,
.
.
.
.
.
You
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
Oh,
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
.
.
.
.
.
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
Love.
All right everybody that's going to do it for our post show here on
