Love for you, I wanna see tonight I'll be your love, I wanna be
Anytime you want, boy
I'll stick my tongue outside, I wanna see
I'm gonna be yours, I'm gonna listen
I love you like you are, baby, now
Just sit deep inside, you only have to know
I'll stay with you tonight, only in your arms
I love you like you are, baby, now
I wanna tell you every day
Wanna sing for you, let me see you again
Love you like you are, baby
Tonight, baby, hold me
We're flying across the sky
Be my light, baby, hold me
I love you
Come on take me away, right away
I can't resist, boy, please take me higher
I'll be your body and soul tonight
I wanna express my love for you
I wanna sleep tonight, I'll be your love I wanna sleep every time you're one boy
Take my time, cause I wanna be I wanna be your maleficent
I love you like you are, baby, love
Hey!
Hey, hey!
Everybody's a boy!
Ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh.
Everybody's a boy!
Ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh.
I'm gonna be your fun it's time to love you like you are, baby, now!
Hold me as you are, baby, stay tonight Hold me in your arms, I love you like you are, baby, now
Something deep inside, hold me as you are Baby, stay tonight, hold me in your arms
Love you like you are, baby, now
I wanna tell you every day
Wanna be for you, not to say again
Love you like you are, baby
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh God.
Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content. Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity. Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
B-b-cocky.
Just kidding. Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki
We are live and this is episode number 122 for this December the 12th, 2004.
You're tuned into the B-Money scene's most fruitful radio station of all things B-Money.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts, in that corner, say hello to the happiest
bunny on the farm.
Our audio was glitching for a little bit there, sorry guys, we just probably got louder there.
You are listening to Orange Laundrio episode number 122, joining me as always are my happy
co-hosts, in this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Ms. Jamie Summers, you know our
Better is dark saccharide. I thought we were creamy. I certainly ate enough of that stuff.
Very cre- I do. I do. I do. No! This is yummy tasty cream not, ahhh cream.
Ayyyyyyyyyyyahhh! Rob. What? Rob. What? Rob. Rob. Rob. Rob. Rob. Rob. Rob. Rob. Rob. Rob.
Just get me out of the way early. Alright. Hi. Um, I- I- I feel like a culinary genius today.
God damn it. I need to be the next Iron Chef. We're going to talk about that very, very soon.
exactly what Jamie is talking about there but first also joining us our tech
master Loki and joining us tonight special guests or I should say special
guests although I don't know she's been here so much I don't know if she's
really special anymore she's just a guest let's say hello to TDR angel hello
I think we hear you yay that's good yes anyway no you you're always special
But you're special in your own little way, DDR Angel.
Of course.
I brought another minigame, because I'm an addict.
Another minigame?
Oh, the McDonald's minigames.
Did we ever end up talking about that last week?
Yeah, we did.
A little bit?
Yeah, we did.
So you can see where my attention is when it comes to this show.
I can't remember anything.
I don't know why I got it.
I was like, hey, they still have them.
Okay, what the hell?
All right, so we'll be talking to everybody more a little bit later, and of course, updates
on what's going on out there in the Bomani scene.
So definitely some interesting stuff going on for us here locally
But as for those you guys abroad and the rest of the nation in the world, things are boring for you. What can I say?
No, I'm kidding
There are some things there's there's some little things we'll have to talk about a little later on
Of course, you can interact with us via our chat room over at www.orangelawnsradio.com
Click on chat or you can interact with us via the Skyline same site
www.orangelawnsradio.com and
and uh... click on interact with us
tons of ways you can
you can reach out and touch us
the other side
all right we'll be back after this
break of music featuring you know i'm thinking
people seem to dig the eurobeat preshow we had going there so i think we'll just
keep the eurobeat thing going how's that sound for you guys
like it works for me
we're gonna kick it off with a song that was in two different balmani games
see if you can tell which one
right after actually a lot of the songs of the mobile game
we'll be right back after this
And I wanna say hit me baby and tell me you are my love
And now you keep me on your love and speak some cry for me, let's get it on
I love you like you are baby, now I give you my heart
Call me your man, Juliet, forever and together
I love you babe, call me your man, Juliet
Gotta tell her that the truth's come true
Romeo and Juliet
Forever and together
I love you babe
Romeo and Juliet
Nothing can change my world
In your love
You can see to my eye, what you're feeling inside, and it feels the same in my eyes.
If you dance on your soul, then you try to relieve
Never run till your heart's in motion
Feel it, feel it, baby
Feel the fire, it's burning deep inside me
Listen, listen, honey, listen to
Promise it to you
Dance to the heartbeat, whoa
You better take your turn, turn right now
Dance to the heartbeat and let it go
Keep the power down and you'll find it strong
Listen to the heartbeat
Whoa-oh-oh
You better think this is the time now
Listen to the heartbeat
And let it go
You can follow that and just let it go
A
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back here on Orange Lawns Radio, episode number 122. Thank you guys for tuning in tonight.
We do appreciate your support, as always. Some Eurobeat music in that break, just for
you guys. Because you guys seem to dig that during the pre-show. At least those of you
guys that spoke up in our chat room, www.orangelawnsradio.com. And if you didn't like that, well, you need
to go back into chat and let us know so that the rest of the chat room can yell at you
appropriately. Because that's what they'll do. I'd like to be the first to say I didn't
like that. If you thought that break was bad, wait till you see the next break. I already
have the music queued up for the next break. Tonight, the goal is to drive you all crazy,
because, you know, it is the holiday time, and this is the time of year when everybody
goes, we'll be crazy. So, you know, just thought we'd get some appropriate music to match that,
so we'll see. And at some point tonight, Silent Hill, I promise, because it is the season.
We'll do, you know what we'll do? We'll do like a Silent Hill break. I'll play both remixes
of Silent Hill and then, like, your reign. You need to play both versions of Silent Hill
and then that one song by Roman Holly that was in Dancing Stage. Oh! That's a Christmas
song, too. If I can find it. We need to hear You're Not Here. Can I put that song on repeat
four times in my car on the way here? We'll definitely do You're Not Here a little later.
Remember when Para Para, or Para Para, however you like to say it, Para Para Para? Para Para.
and that used to be cool. It seems like the subject comes up at least once a month on
this show. When Para Para was cool. Okay, wait a minute. I remember when we all met
at MIGL when they first got it and I only knew how to do half of the Para Para. So I
tried. I remember tutorial mode in Second Mix and I taught myself how to do it. And
I tried to learn the Mickey Mouse March, which we heard in that break there. The Mickey Mouse
March is freaking hard. Freaking hard! Oh my god. And the DeltaDance.com is hard. I
I think I'm, no, I never learned that one.
No, you were watching when I tried to learn that one in Stockton.
I, now, Loki sits here and bashes on Para Para, but I remember when he used to break
out his white boy freestyle to some Para Para songs.
Yeah, that was back in the day when I was doing knee drops on DDR, I've come a long
way since then.
Dude, I remember how happy I was when I learned how to do deluxe.
I get to go out there and shake my ass.
I love doing deluxe, but I-
No, you were funny doing Like A Virgin.
Like A Virgin was like the second Para Para I ever learned. I remember living at the Bhumani Bhumani house.
But did everyone learn Boom Boom Fire first?
You remember the Bhumani house years ago, right?
Yes.
I should say Bhumani Drama house.
Bhumani Drama house, to say the least.
You know, different times, what can you say?
But I remember when the house got Para Para, and that was like the first one I made myself sit down and learn.
I'd already learned Boom Boom Fire, but I was like, it's got a Madonna connection.
As a gay man, I have to learn this dance.
And it wasn't really.
It's actually kind of challenging.
I still barely remember it to this day.
Well, I know that my first one that I learned was actually Eurobeat, which was really easy.
And then I learned, I tried to learn Speedway.
But Boom Boom Fire was my third one.
And then when we had the five-song chorus, I learned how to do... Night of Fire was
my second one.
That was it.
Remember Sexy, Sexy, Sexy?
I know.
That was awesome.
But I wanted to learn, when we were still playing, I wanted to learn O Sole Mio, and
I never did.
Just because the little walk where you'd fan your ass.
You know what I'm talking about.
You said-
O Sole Mio, I just farted.
Well, you do your hand to one side, and then you do your other hand back like the I'm the
a little teacup dance except you're fanning your ass as you move forward. It's like, my
ass is on fire! Put me out! Most people who play Para Para probably have
an ass on fire. That was a good one. You're welcome, anytime. It's little observations
like that that make this show worth it, you know. Yeah, you're so not PC. I remember that
was really the first time we ever hung out, I think, that I met you was that whole trip.
And then we went on to Ziggle, and Enrique was with us, and we both got our crappy freestyle
on fourth mix, and somehow or another, we ended up doing a complete mirror of each other,
and decided we were gonna be all rad and did knee drops on the last thing, but it was like
the two knee one.
It was to...
Shoot, what was the song that everybody hated from third mix?
Was that the guy that always did the Buell dance?
Yeah.
you're okay
that uh...
white and he had a song and i think the broadband sound dancing
but we ended up i'd back-to-back
at the same time it was people
it was like oh my god
whatever happened to that guy
really
and six months ago or something
who's like hi
i think i love talking about people that are national listenership has no idea
who they are but you know
who did that thing
he was cool
You remember that guy at that one place here locally that did that thing? He was awesome.
Anyway,
we're getting a little off track. We have to start off the show as we start off
every night's program
with a little bit of How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, where we find out
how your week was and how your day was.
And maybe you played some Bahmani this week, maybe you didn't. We'll find out.
Jamie, start us off.
No big whoop.
I would like to proceed this How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day to give Jamie her gift.
bradley gift
brad i know i've got a gift
although we need some we need some lovely christmas music to a place i
haven't i guess that doesn't give me i already got my present in an in an in
i'll tell you about them in here with me
uh... it's christmas time
copy
love it and she's got like religious symbols on her that want to kill people can we put her on the cam
oh hello you're off the richter scale for once jamie is too loud tonight she has an apple jamie's
doing the donut thing there a little bit all right she's cute and i don't want to be on the cam though
all right we'll get we'll get the uh doll on the cam the evil doll and can you get my present up
there too for those folks looking at the cam i'm not going to tell you what it is you have to go
go look at the cam. It's right, it's right. Angel, it's that DVD on the table there.
Oop, I already gave a hint. All right, there you go. You can go put that on the cam as
well. I have cute Dolly, and she's evil. All right, anyway. So, DarkSakra, moving on. How
was your week? How was your day? Um, my week was cool, except I've been poor all week because
I get paid like Wednesday, so I have to wait until after payday to buy presents for people.
I'm just a procrastinator. I'm not going to be buying any presents until Christmas Eve.
My whole week was nothing but school and working my ass off at the gym. Oh, I love my dad so
much. Wow, these are so cool. And they have apples with needles in them.
The perfect Halloween treat. Oh my God, I love this outfit. I would wear
this
seriously this is great radio and anyway
but i am
and really i did was go to the gym and yesterday though yesterday i hung out
with them
uh...
well i don't think that might be jim didi alcoholic
and then uh... did let them out of here and i was really sore for a while
yesterday and hung out with iguana girl
and i wonder
and here
and i don't have an online and she's just he is
the great terrible
but i think
and uh...
we might affect which is really
i won
i went so cool i'd always win mario party i think i've been beaten one time
we're going to fix that the reign of princess peach terror
com
And you know what we got? Me and Tia won a game, you know, one of the mini-games, and we got Daisy Boo.
Now, Princess Peach is still a playable character, right? Thank God, because
I always play Princess Peach. I throw a fit if I can't be Peach.
You want to be the pretty princess.
Because I love when she does that,
Peach is the winner! thing, and she flips her hair.
We need to move the chatroom over the
webcam again. But anyway, we were trying to decide what to eat, so we kept talking about
fish tacos. And we couldn't get off of the subject about eating fish tacos.
How exactly do a bunch of women in Islander hanging out together prepare fish tacos?
we were just it just came up but a bunch of women hanging out preparing fish
tacos anyway it made me think about that time we went to the elephant barn I
ordered fish tacos and you laughed about it I did I giggled like a half hour
straight I am so immature but you know what I know our listeners are mature
tour because I'm looking at the chat room right now it's everybody is making
I was referring to burning heat, but burning heat can also refer to ass-quirking.
14 moons. If one doesn't bathe or something. Anyway. Flash in the ass. My week, my day.
Hello. I have things to do. Sorry, I was just preoccupied. Drifting asses. Ass. Rob. What?
Do you like the ass? Ass master. There's something in the air tonight. It's a little too much
eggnog going around for everybody, I think. Dude, I had alcohol, even a little bit, even
when you cook all the alcohol out I still react to it like giggly and it's
gonna I cooked tonight too oh yeah back to last night um stop reading the chat
room they're too immature tonight they don't deserve that all right well we
could we just like could not decide on what to eat so finally Ross is all we're
We're just going to do a hometown buffet.
Ew!
So we went to like the...
I've been to a couple of different hometown buffets and they were all kind of okay, you know.
We went to the one on the ass end of White Avenue.
And I literally do mean the ass end. It's like up there by Walmart.
Which to anybody who's not in this area has no idea what you're talking about.
It's like the ghetto side of it.
If anyone has ever been in Sacramento, if you're going up past where McClellan was,
it's up in the ass.
So basically you went to a hometown buffet in the ghetto.
Yes.
Okay.
And there were people there saying, nah, after this we're gonna go get some entertainment
over at Wal-Mart.
Okay, whatever.
So, uh, I ate a bunch of food, it was yummy, of the Temple of Butt.
Oh no, I'm sorry.
Stop reading chat!
Stop.
I command you.
Bite me?
Mmm, potato.
Oh, that's what happens when you cook food, it gets hot.
Oh, okay, I hate to acknowledge chat, but this one is really winner. Captain Jack Ass.
Ha!
Get it?
Ha ha!
Sorry.
I was the ass.
Alright, I'm gonna start kicking people, making ass comments. We need to get the show back
on track. We're not gonna just sit here and say ass for 3 hours straight tonight. What?
Get on ass, Loudstyle.
Okay, week, week, day. Hometown buffet.
Yeah, so we came back, watched Rejected, and Hedvig, and I am a banana.
What?
My Rejected DVD was part of the settlement in my last relationship.
I made out with a third style, fourth style, and a DDR pad, and he made out with the Rejected DVD, so it was a fair trade.
We watched Rejected, and then we watched Hedwig and the Angry Inch, and I love that movie.
And then I went home. And then today, I sat on my ass and did nothing.
Well, okay, I went to the grocery store to buy cream, and Dan's like,
Burn me some ice cream!
Okay...
So he sat around watching Return of the King, which I don't want to watch,
because I think Gollum is, like, retarded and...
There is something weird about that guy.
Who's creepy?
Well, of course, he's meant to be creepy, but he's, like, actually turned to my stomach.
Although, I did manage to peek down for some of the Legolas scenes, so that was cool.
I was like, ooh, Elfman.
And, uh, so I came up here early before the show, about the time pre-show started, and
I cooked.
Yes, you did.
I made these kebabs with, uh, shrimp and scallops topped with lobster tail.
And I made green beans, cooked in butter and herbs, with cream sauce to coat.
And I'm actually putting the recipe for the cream sauce in my live journal.
For anyone who goes to the live journal, only my friends can see it, so you're the lucky
few.
Well, you could always put it in the Orange Lounge community, because the Orange Lounge
community needs something.
I don't like them.
Why?
Are you kidding?
Rare.
I'll let someone else repost it for me.
basically I made this amaretto cream sauce to go over it cuz you know
normally when I make green beans... wait, wait, wait, amaretto... okay sorry had to have a moment
normally when I make green beans I go for like the Italian style spicy or I'll
do a Cajun style I went for sweet cream this time and I had garlic in it
Jamie let her let me eat her sweet cream and it was good but I had garlic in it
and some pepper and amaretto and butter and cream and there's a lot of
ingredients in Jamie's sweet cream okay whatever um but I am like this I like
just pulled this recipe right out of my ass and it tended to be really good I
keep saying what is with the ass fixation with you people tonight everybody
gay this is my normal phrasing okay and the
The chat room is imitating me. Pay me some rent, bitches.
I love you guys. A little.
I'm done.
Oh, you're done?
Yeah, I'm done.
Wait, but whatever happened? There were no fun stories about Hometown Buffet? You kind
of glossed right over there?
No, the people scared me there. They're like the guy in painter overalls with the beer
belly.
You know, I heard that there were-
He was pregnant.
I heard that there were, there are people out there that will go to Hometown Buffet
in the morning and then stay there all day long.
I think they have a policy where they kick them out because they have to change
the dinners and everything in between. Well, that's the smart thing to do.
Can you imagine that? One of these nights where we have to go to the buffet over at
Thunder Valley.
That is a good buffet.
You know what? It's a little slice of Vegas right here in our backyard. We need to do that like right before,
we need to do that on
the night before New Years Eve.
Do like the Orange Lounge, bring the tape recorder.
We could do something like that.
We should do that. It's like pre-New Year's Eve, eat a whole bunch of sugar
a thon. Alright, sounds good. Alright, I'm done. Alright, uh, Loki!
Okay, Loki's eating, so we're gonna go to Angel. Angel, how was your week, how was your day?
I played a little bit of Imani this week, uh, 7th style,
just cause I haven't bought 8th style yet.
But, uh, I kinda gave up after, like, a couple songs, cause
my controller's being a bit of a pain in the butt.
Honestly, like, it's just
the king
and uh... also i found a new korean game addiction
probably talk about later because
i don't know if you guys in the state
it okay the only thing i'm gonna give away for now is
that it's a mix between like
right now
uh... meets final fantasy meets commander keane
and i'll tell you right now i aint leaving final fantasy 4 because i
you don't know how many people have told me this week
rob join world of warcraft
no rob join world of warcraft now i've worked too hard on final fantasy 11
im probably gonna be playing world of warcraft
fuck you seriously
and i have time
love you
dense dense probably gonna be playing world of warcraft
i miss her
in my account i think it's hell no
didn't answer that much she's on level what
and i think the three months
you know i'm teasing
and then i got files
other than that no school yay
look here it is not
You got enough potato down where you can talk here? Starchy? How was your week? How was your day?
This is my really starchy, really full of sodium meal.
That's really good for me, I'm sure.
Anyways, how'd this week go? Oh yeah.
First window to a funeral. That was fun.
Got to see lots of family, but there was ham, so that was good.
And then, you talking about ham makes me think of this thing that was in the Christmas present
that you got me. Did I tell you about this? I'll talk about it later. After the kids go
to bed later in the show. God. Anyways, so then after that, let's see, Wednesday I didn't
do anything. Thursday I took the day off to take my car down to get the brakes fixed.
That was wonderful because it's done now. Play lots of Final Fantasy. It's going to
work on the cabinet. I actually did work on the cabinet and my DDR pads create too much
SAC electricity and it ends up trying or temporarily shorting out the IPAC every time I use them
So I got to modify them again
Slightly hopefully and hopefully that'll fix it
if not
Gotta Chuck them that makes me sad
but um
yeah, so I worked on that and lots of Final Fantasy and I had to make cookies for
tomorrow at work because our boss volunteered us you had to make cookies
or your mom had to make cookies I had to make cookies
it's just cookies it's not like you toss them no I did not toss the cookies no so
yeah he volunteered us to do this thing and none of us wanted to do it and then
he's like yeah we'll do it as a team but I'm not gonna do it so you know what
I ended up having to make cookies, and they looked like nipples.
And, um,
I also sold some other cookies for my mom's house.
And, uh, there's some that look like croissants that are pretty good.
And, um,
I ate all the butter cookies that she had. She gave me. So, oh, so good.
Oh, and I saw Blade Trinity yesterday, and that was good.
I just didn't really care anymore, but Ryan Reynolds made it funny.
Because Wesley Snipes, just, eh.
But Ryan Reynolds being a jackass, that's good.
Ryan Reynolds, this is Alanis Morissette's fiancé.
I did, how sad is that? Alright, anyway. You're the resident Alanis, man. I totally am.
That was the music I was listening to before, but money. And still, really. I mean, I can't listen to DDR music 24-7.
I don't know how some people out there do that. And I know it's ironic, considering
the radio station that we do, but even in the radio station we do, I think we have enough
diversions away from the normal playlist where even if you listen to our station 24-7, you
wouldn't be hearing Bomani 24-7. I like listening to other music once in a while. We can hear
a lot of that randomness on Jamie's show. If you ever wondered, why does Jamie's show
exist on a video gaming network when she plays complete random stuff, that's why. Because
you can't listen to gaming music 24-7, I'm sorry. You gotta appreciate the other music
it's out there once in a while so Jamie is your music appreciation here I'm
gonna murder everybody with a whole bunch of your beat just like with all
the gamers once in a while you need to go outside anyway my week of idea was
pretty good I just played a lot of Final Fantasy myself I I went out last night I
went out to the bar which is good it was the first time that my buddy since you've
been out of the hospital got to go we had a good time I drank a little bit and
met some people I like it when strangers randomly come up and talk to me and
There was this girl there who was just like Karen from Will and Grace and that made me
love her because, you know, I love Karen on that show.
If you guys watch Will and Grace, you know it's all about Karen on that show.
I don't even know if I know who you're talking about.
See, he knows what I'm talking about.
And then, you know, I've been doing a lot of stuff at work.
I've been busy, busy at work and it's kind of funny you talk about your boss making you
all do this, you know, cooking thing because we're doing something similar in my work right
now where, you know, we're doing all these winter events and you have to be politically
correct.
You can't say Christmas stuff.
holiday stuff you know so we had a holiday ornament decoration contest that
everybody had to participate well you didn't have to but you know everybody
was supposed to participate in and I was so busy teaching because that's why I do
it my job I teach I was so busy that I did not have a chance to decorate my
ornament until about two minutes before so what I did is I printed out a picture
of SpongeBob SquarePants face from the internet and then I pasted it on the
ornament and colored it in yellow highlighter and it looked pretty it was
a spongebob ornament. It was awesome. And people liked it though. So, you know, I get
points for that. And tomorrow I have to decorate my cube, so. What can I say? What is this
you're showing in LiveJournal right now? Kitty. It's a puppy! Oh, it's a puppy? It looks like
a kitty from back here. It's a shellty. Oh, okay. Thank you for totally derailing this
segment. Oh, it's so cute! Uh, also earlier this week I picked up Final Fantasy Dawn of
Souls, which is Final Fantasy I and II on the Game Boy Advance, and I can't stop playing
it. I haven't even touched Final Fantasy II yet. I've just been playing Final Fantasy
I because they totally redid it. They made the battle system more like IV and just everything
is more like Final Fantasy IV but, you know, with Final Fantasy I's story and it's awesome.
I highly recommend it if you're a Final Fantasy fan. And the great part is, I will sit there
and while I wait for a party in Final Fantasy XI, I'll play Final Fantasy I on my DS. So,
I'm just a total Final Fantasy whore lately. But that's okay. I'm allowed. Alright. So
that's pretty much my week of my day so we're gonna move right along here you
know what's going on tonight right now actually right now and I hate talking
about reasons for you to leave orange lounge radio because you should be
listening to our show you know all the time however this is as good of excuse
as any I figure if you've got to go I mean this is this would be something I
would want to listen to do mini head you know we had him on the show a couple
weeks ago he's doing a live spinning thing right now where he's debuting some
new material and stuff, it's actually going on right now over on www.midihead.com. I'm
trying to work out something where maybe we can play it later, so I'm hoping I can hear
it a little later, but, you know, if you're a fan of Midihead and he's a great guy, I
know there's a lot of fans out there, you probably would want to check that out at some
point, but, you know, I'll be sad if you leave. But no, you gotta support all internet radio,
so, you know.
Probably.
Do what you gotta do. No, you're not leaving, Loki. You're stuck. You're under contract.
Contract?
alright yeah it's it's a contract sealed with blood you get paid in meat all
right um we're gonna go to a break when we come back from the break we'll talk
about some more stuff going on the Bahmani scene I want to take a call over
sky is actually a couple calls I want to do over Skype tonight but I've got one I
want to do right when we come back somebody said something very interesting
in our chat room. And it has to do with remixes. And it has to do with you, Loki. I'm going
to have him call in and talk about that when we come back from this break. In this break,
I promised a fun theme. We're going to do happy music. And this is a lot of happy music
that was suggested to us by folks in the chat room. No happy music. Yes, happy music. We'll
We'll be back.
Oh
I put a little bit of you today Look how I set it up myself for you
Look a little bit at me today You know you gotta try a little bit
Say, you know you gotta try a little harder
So you can be my, my, my, my darlin'
Slide a little slide, let's enjoy the moment now
And just have a good time
A good time
Try it baby, good
A little bit of love and gonna feel so fine
Is it really true to feel the same way too?
And hope we'll be together now
You know that I love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you
When I'm feeling sinking up
A funny word we call love
Still don't think of you as it burns
Most time a lizard comes above
If you wanna capture me
It's as simple as can be
Michelin has said it, all you need is
Love, my love, my love, my love, my love
Oh
Which I?
No, no, nobody does, no, nobody does, can't save me
Bye baby balloon
Bye, bye baby balloon
Bitch, get a new song
An open letter from Orange Lounge Radio
We are back here on Orange Lou-
Whoops, no we're not, there we are
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio
Yeah, that was the very first promo
a promo, I think. Me and the ex actually did that one. That was, you can hear the ex singing
in that one. I refused to participate in that one. No sing-along for Jimmy. I did do the
solitary voice. I remember we came up with that one in your car. Yep, I remember that
one in the, I'll play the other one later. There was another one we came up with too.
it was really all you. Actually it was Dan, really.
Yeah, the take on me one. Yeah, we'll get that in a little later.
Alright, during the break there, Loki was booting up Stepmania because he wanted to
show me some dancing characters in Stepmania. I guess there's some new characters that hit
the internet this week. What's going on with Stepmania's dancing characters? I didn't think
there was a scene for character creation, but apparently there is.
Well, there's some funny ones. Vivi from Final Fantasy IX was in there as one of the dancing characters, and a really crappy done Maria from, was it Silent Hill 3, is it? It doesn't look like Maria, but whatever.
Anyway, so those are available. I can't remember where they are, though, because the link was on DDArmaniaX, but that site's been down for a few days now.
But they're out there. God, I can't remember... I don't know. It's a site that has a bunch of stuff on there. They did a bunch of...
Oh, crap, I can't remember. It's the same site that hosts all the official ones. They have one that the guy has been ripping them from 5th Mix and 3rd Mix now. It's that site that hosts those, that's where you can find those two.
But, um, yeah, I was also showing Rob, uh, there's an older one I got a while back, uh, Master Chief from Halo.
That one was rad. That one was cool.
makes the Master Chief look so fruity because he's like swinging his arms around going,
woo, I'm dancing. And the song that Loki was playing was some sim file for I'm Your Bogeyman
by Xtreme. And like he just picks up the Master Chief going, woo, I'm your boogeyman, I'm
your boogeyman. This is a really amazing image. But the VV one was really good. That was pretty,
I mean, it's not perfect, but it's hilarious. Like it gets the job done. It's fun to watch.
So definitely check that out. If anybody in our chat room happens to know where those
those characters are hosted. Feel free to post it in chat. Again, it was on DDR Maniacs,
but, but, um, they're down there. We had a little, uh, glitch there on Live 365. Comcast
Party. What we're gonna do, I don't know if it was Comcast. No, I don't think it was that.
I just think it was a station part. We're gonna go to a quick break, just to make sure
folks have a chance to reconnect. I hate it when that stuff happens. We'll be right back
back after this guys.
Are you ready to dance to the night that you did it to my heart it was right there
Sure you need your magic, under the moonlight
Bounds of lights, of bloody people
Love what's me, I don't know why
Do the next and this move to the felt
And what is what you need?
Monkey dance, monkey dance
Make a star, shake it, pull it down
Step on the monkey dance, blast it together
Hold the fire, baby
Monkey dance, monkey dance
Like we shall move your body down
Step on the monkey dance
Look at that tail
We are back here on Orange Launch Radio, sorry about that, we had some kind of station hiccup,
something happened.
It happens once in a while, Live 365 or something, there was a faulty connection between our
house and Live 365, either a hiccup on our end or a hiccup on their end.
I know Live 365 was doing a bunch of maintenance yesterday, so all the Live 365 stations were
down.
We were down, DDR Free Radio, On Your Station Live, all the Live 365 stations were down
yesterday.
So maybe something's going on with that, I don't know, but we do appear that we are back.
Remember, if you ever miss any or all of a show, any part, all, whatever, you can hear
the show in its entirety on DDR Freak Radio, Friday nights, 6 o'clock, Pacific Standard
Time is when that airs, but it's gonna be interesting though, I have no idea how that
hiccup is gonna translate into the archive. I think it just keeps right on going, so you'll
hear us going, crap, station down! All hands on deck! Weird, so I don't know what's going
Anyway, before we got dropped there, we were talking about new dancing characters in StepMania, and it looks like Loki found the site where he can actually get those dancing characters from, right?
Well, it's not this site. I thought it was the same site, but it doesn't look like it is. It was PlazmaDance.com was where some of them were.
Okay, so some of them are on there, PlazmaDance.com, so you can check that out if you are curious about it. Does it have the Master Chief? Because that's the one people really have to get.
No.
Oh, it doesn't?
Well, forget it then.
Don't waste your time.
I'm just kidding.
There's a lot of good ones on there though.
Alright.
Um.
Wow.
Trying to get back on track here.
Um.
Let's see.
What I wanted to do now is I wanted to actually go to the phones on the Skype line and if
you want to participate in the Skype line, just go to our website, www.orangelauntrader.com
and click on interact with us and it's got all the details on how you can actually interact
with the program and actually there's a specific person I'm looking to hear from that I'm hoping
will be calling us in a minute here because he was talking about something in chat earlier
so we're going to open up the Skype line so he can get through. So I'm specifically looking
for the person I have a prearranged phone interview with so if you're somebody else
don't worry you'll have an opportunity to call on the show later. Hi you're on Orange
Hey, is my mic on?
Uh, you're, you're, you're fading out there a little bit. Make sure all your other transfers
and your bandwidth is open there. Can you hear us?
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Am I okay?
I think so. We'll just keep going with this. Who is this?
This is John Fields.
Hi, John Fields. How are you?
I'm doing fine.
All right. What did you call in to talk to us about tonight? By OC Remix. Uh, you know
you know what? right now
Yeah, that song's kinda fitting right now, a little gentle stress being caused by faulty internet connections.
We're gonna keep going with this as best we can, guys.
Uh, I don't know what to tell you, though, about that.
Um, I don't know if it's on our end.
I don't think it's on our end, because we haven't been having any internet problems for a long time now.
I know we used to have a lot of problems with internet here, but ever since the really cool tech guy came out, we haven't really been having problems, have we, Logie?
Now it's
Yeah, the real cool tech. I came out and just use pliers something I could have done in like three seconds
You know what the he thought of it and you didn't that's the point
Well, I can't help it if he's more experienced with their faulty equipment. Um,
So yeah. Anyway, again if you missed all our part you can always tune in to
And now we're having sound issues my god if enough stuff wouldn't break around here
Again, you can always tune into DDR Free Radio to hear the archive in full, along with other
live programming that goes on throughout the week here on Orange Launch Radio, which usually
doesn't get affected by this kind of stuff.
You can tune in to Pump Up The Volume on Tuesday nights, hosted by the lovely Dark Sacra.
Monday nights, Diversion, Orange Launch Radio, Bimani remixes, and Thursday nights, Outside
The Box, which will be in reruns this week, actually, because I'm going to be out this
week.
and about in LA. I'm actually going to LA this week. I was kind of hoping that I'd get
to go to Arcade Infinity while I was down in LA, but it doesn't look like that's going
to happen because me and four co-workers actually have to share a car. Doesn't that suck?
A tremendous amount of ass. However, there's a good noodle place over there by AI. You
should just go in there for dinner. Maybe, I don't know. It's really a good place.
I'll have to see. All right, more to do. And we're still getting sound issues. This is
bad. I'm sorry, guys. Everything's breaking. We keep going down. We're going to call it
a show. I'm getting pretty pissy here. We'll see. We'll keep going best we can, though.
Let's go get sushi. Seriously? I'm like, food. All right, let's go to another break and just
Just kind of hope things are good when we come back and we'll try calling John again
and get out some more Bamani news and just, you know, keep doing what we do here.
So we'll be back after this little break here.
I think we'll do that Silent Hill break I was talking about earlier.
So we'll be back.
Happy Holidays to everybody out there.
Tonight is the night for our love yous
Wish we could have this evening
The year that Christmas is here
Christmas is here
Night falls on you
And if you want me near you
Oh, my Lord, see what you make
The night falls on you
Oh, my Lord, know my soul
The thoughts you fear
Your heart is strong
Christmas is here
It would be a much better fight, with you, with me
If you hadn't let me, I'd be fine on my own, baby
Never felt so lonely, never felt so alone
If you hadn't left me, I'd be fine on my own, baby
Never felt so lonely then you came along
So now what should I do?
I'm strung out, addicted to you
My body aches, now that you're gone
My supply fell through
Glad they gave me everything you had and more
You craved my happiness
When you made me feel joy in me
Just smile for now
I feel your stress
Love was never meant to be
Such a crazy affair, no
And who has time but you?
Never thought I'd sit around
And unravel your love
I love you drinking and toasting at such a special day
Tonight, nightfall, I love you
Wish we could have this evening
Do you remember you? Christmas is here. Christmas is here.
Tonight, nightfall, I love you
And if you wouldn't need it, you would be my heart baby
But tonight's the night before I love you
No, I can't stop the fear
Are you calling Christmas is here?
We often wonder how some of those Bomani songs are chosen.
One hit wonder, one hit wonder, one hit wonder, one hit wonder
One hit wonder, one hit wonder, one hit wonder
One hit wonder, one hit wonder, one hit wonder, one hit wonder, one hit wonder
We think we figured it out. Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi, we're back. And hopefully things are stable.
I think the internet is just completely fucked tonight, basically, is what it boils down to.
Because I notice people keep dropping from our chat room, left and right,
and the Skype chat a little bit earlier was really kind of freaky.
So we're under attack! The internet is screwed!
I don't know what's going on.
The internet's on vacation.
I cannot find anything on this damn game.
Of course, people in the chat room right now are bitching because we played Silent Hill twice in that break.
But, you know, it's Christmas. It's mandatory that we have to do that.
Just think, you'll go the whole rest of the year and you won't have to hear it again. Except for next week.
Alright, let's try this again. We're going to give Jon a call back.
Kind of start from the top, before people got booted before.
Hello? Hi, John, you there? Yep. Good, you sound a lot better this time. Okay, I think
the internet might be fixed. Okay. We'll see. Anyway, from the top. So, you're in the Overclocked
Remix channel this week. Yep. And you're asking about fusion mixes. Right, I was wondering
after all what came out today which was i believe another
before you remix or something like that
uh...
i was wondering if maybe we could try getting out low keys are remixed in
there just for fun well first you've got to talk you've got to talk low key into
it because he's pretty protective over his material there
well i've spoken for the higher up today and uh...
hit the higher up is there no c hierarchy or something
The Trump of OC? Okay, no, I'm kidding.
Basically, what it is, is it's like
most of the chat channel users are unvoiced
and the higher-ups are voiced.
And then there's
pretty much DJ Pretzel and then a couple of bots, I think, up at the top.
Okay, gotcha.
And I was on the voice today and
Aurora is the name.
I think she said that she would like us to try getting it in there.
Well, now how many DDR remixes are on OC Remix?
Not a lot, right?
Yeah, it's like three or four right now, I think.
What'd he say, Loki? Oh, he's looking at the site right now.
He sizes it up.
There's a request for more Bimani, actually. There's a request for more Bimani.
I'm moving the mic over to you. What do you think of this?
I don't know.
Now see, I like OC Remix. It's a good site. There's a lot of really good remixes on
there. I think it would be pretty exciting if you got it on there.
And you know what? Yet again,
you could just continue to kick
those people who say that Fusion remixes are not real remixes.
I mean, not only did you get Midihead, who actually has a song in DDR on here a couple
weeks ago, saying
he uses his ass in his mixes, but
then you could get one of these mixes on oc remix and you would just
you would have the hugest internet penis i mean seriously
almost as big as jason's
i don't think it would
fall i think under the fact
if i remember correctly i don't think it would be allowed
actually
no i don't think
i don't think it would work
you don't feel work because the fact that you mix that your songs with other
songs that are already out this year kind of using too much commercial music
is that what you think the problem is
yet copyright music
i have no permission from
original artist
yeah but i mean
there are songs on there that have remixed our life and thought i think uh...
i think there's like a jingle bells on their mixed with uh... super mario world
i think
ever jingle bells is uh... public domain
i think so
that maybe
even the happy birthday song is not public domain if you believe that you
know every time you think the happy birthday song is supposed to give some
guy a quarter basically
well not really but you know happy birthdays a copyrighted song
look he's going to look into a john
that's mostly do for you
okay i'm i'm hoping i'm hoping he'll do it i think it would be good
all right i'm all for pouring out the show everywhere possible
you know thanks for looking out for so
keep us posted okay all right later bye bye our chat room is being a bunch of
babies again they're complaining because the webcam isn't showing anything I'm
forcing angel to go sit on the couch so you have someone to look at that was my
impression of the chair so I guess you could I could submit it because it
It doesn't say that you can't. It's not in there, like, submission guideline things here.
All it says is that, you know, you have to be the original artist of, you know, whatever it is.
But it doesn't say it can't.
Um, well...
Okay. I don't know.
The worst that could happen is they call you a lamer. Honestly.
What's the worst that could happen if you submitted a song?
I don't know. I don't really know.
I'm trying to talk him into doing it, but he's being a pussy.
Alright, anyway, moving right along.
What's this stuff, you were talking during the break there, you were reading some various
Bamani sites, finding out something going on with Papa Music?
Papa Music Iroha, which I don't know crap about because I wasn't keeping up with Papa
Music, but apparently Papa Music Iroha was out last week, so.
And is that just Papa Music 12?
I don't, yeah, I think so.
Hooray! Another pop of music! Just what we need right now, you know?
No, actually, I like pop of music. Uh, good time, but...
I would pull up the title on my laptop, but I still need to install the Japanese language patch, so...
Alright. What do you say we get into a cage match for tonight?
Sure!
Alright, let's, uh, queue up the music, then.
Who's gonna go first in tonight's cage match? You know, we had to retire somebody last week, so now we get to go in whatever order we want.
Why don't you start, Rob?
I get to start? Oh goodie.
Hold on.
Alright.
The way the cage match works, boys and girls,
each host brings to the table one song and you guys will vote on your favorite song, which will go into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio,
The Monty Music and More program which plays 24 hours a day, 7 days a week on this station
when there's no live program.
So last week in the Orange Mountains Radio Cage match we retired a song.
It has won for a month straight, meaning it's gone.
Here it is, a final send off for Gwen Stefani, What You Waitin' For.
Your life is short, you're capable
So look at your watch now
You're still a super hot female
You've got your million dollar contract
And they're all waiting for your heart track
What you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting for?
Won't you wait it, won't you wait it, won't you wait it, won't you wait it, what you waiting for?
I can't believe it, oh
Alright, everybody say goodbye to Gwen Stefani, she is being retired.
Poot!
Alright, so we're going to go ahead and say goodbye to Gwen Stefani.
all right she is retired from the orange on straight okay too much all right that
means you guys get three brand new songs tonight Jamie has decided that I'm gonna
go first I declare this as official woman of orange on radio okay fair enough
I have the chair fair enough all right my song and how appropriate what my song
is tonight I'm gonna have to dedicate this one to Jamie for that comment
My song is a song called Bitch and it's by a group called J-Punch and it's from
this trans anthems compilation I found and I liked it. So here it is song number
number one in tonight's cage match that you can vote for, Bitch, the open air remix. Enjoy.
You are a bitch
And I hate myself
And I try
You are a bitch
And I can't get free
Do you wanna be king?
And I hate myself
And I try
Do you wanna be king?
Did you wanna be king?
And I've been waiting for something, and I've tried
You do the war a bit, but you do the work a bit, but you do the work a bit
You live your life with me in the snow
And I try
You're a bad dude
You're a bad dude
In the world of revenge
You're a bitch
Song number one in tonight's cage match, Bitch, the open air remix by J. Punch.
Jamie!
It was pretty good, I have to say.
It's a lot more energetic than most trance that you play.
I think it's the eight.
And you are a bitch.
I'm being serious.
I'm just kidding, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
I'm a cindered.
No, I love you, treat me.
I cooked for you.
I know.
Bitch.
But you gotta remember the rest of the lyrics, and I hate myself for it, so.
Alright.
Angel.
Um, I'll give it an eight and a half.
That's pretty cool.
You're gonna be okay?
Alright.
Uh.
p0k3smot42o I give it an 8
p0k3smot42o I mean honestly I didn't think you guys would like that one at all and it looks like our chat room doesn't so it probably doesn't have much of a chance but even though it's a little repetitive I like songs that say bitch what can I say so it gets 8 points for that
p0k3smot42o Alright let's move on to Jamie's pick, Jamie what did you pick tonight
shows a song that I'm sure everyone's probably heard, but it just really suited my mood for
the past week or so. It's Delirium with Sarah McLachlan's Silence, and it's very, very somber.
Alright, so a mood fitting one, alright. Yeah, and really I just put it in because I've been
listening to it just off and on all week, so. Alright, let's hear it. Delirium with
in silence. Enjoy.
I know
If we
really
finish me
I am
And I can't breathe, please
Heaven longs to stand up on earth And the warning to believe it
I get caught up when the raging river slides In this morning I am sleeping
In this silence
In this moment
In this silence I believe
I can't help this longing, comfort me
I can't hold it only if you won't let me
Heaven holds a sense of wonder And I'm wanting to believe that I'll get
When the raging leaves the fire
In this fire I am singing
In this silence
In this silence
In this silence I believe
I have seen in this quiet way
You are silent
You are free
In this quiet way
We are free
All right, that was song number two in tonight's cage match, courtesy of Dark Sakura Delirium,
with Sarah McLachlan. Silence. Jamie, what'd you think?
I love that song. Like I said, I've been listening to it a whole bunch, so it gets an automatic
ten for me, just from having been completely fitting my mood all week. It's been a de-stressing
song. Okay, fair enough. Loki.
God, this sounds like a sex scene, that's all it sounds like. I've heard this song so many times. It's good. I'm gonna give it an 8.
Angel.
It's Delirium, so I would probably give it a 9.
me personally about two years ago I would have given that song a 10 but I've
played the fuck out of it since then so I would give it an 8 but then I
remembered that delirium is kind of popular again in the Bahmani sing
because of after all being in ultra mix 2 so that's a good chance for those that
haven't heard that song before to kind of hear a little bit else delirium so I
give it a 9 overall all right let's see song number three tonight comes to you
courtesy of Loki. Remember, if you don't agree with our votes, which apparently in the chat
room a lot of you guys disagree with the way we talk about song number one and you can
blow me. But remember, it does come down to your vote in the chat room. So we'll be voting
as soon as this song's done that comes to you via Loki. And what song are we gonna hear?
Well, if you grew up in the 80s, then you already know what this song is. And if you've
watched, you know, the Breakfast Club, then you already know what this song is. This is
This is the Simple Minds with Don't You Forget About Me, and it's not sung horribly, like myself, or the singer in Carry Over Your Revolution.
What's up with you guys and old school songs tonight?
All right fair enough anything's game here in the orange launch cage match, and this is it simple minds. Don't you forget about me enjoy?
Won't you come see about me, I'll be alone Dancin' you know it, baby, I'll be the one
You know it baby, tell me your troubles and doubts
Given everything inside and out and
Love's strange, the real and the dark
Think of the tender things that we were working on
Slow change may pull us apart
When our lives get in your heart baby
Don't you forget about me
Don't, don't, don't, don't
Don't you forget about me
Will you stand above me
Look my way, will you ever love me
Rain keeps falling, rain keeps falling down, down, down
Will you recognize me? Call my name or walk on by
Rain keeps falling, rain keeps falling down, down, down, down
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't you try and pretend
It's my view you will win
And I won't harm you
Or touch your defensive vanity
Don't you forget about me, I'll be alone Dance when you know it baby, I'm going to
take you apart I'll put it back together, baby
Don't you forget about me
Don't, don't, don't, don't
Don't you forget about me
Will you stand above me
Look my way
Do you ever love me
Rain keeps falling
Rain keeps falling down
Will you recognize me?
Call my name or walk on by
Rain keeps falling, rain keeps falling down
Hey, hey, hey, hey hey
Ooh, ooh
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Ooh, ooh
Don't you forget about me
Don't, don't, don't, don't
Don't you forget about me
As you walk on by, will you call my name?
As you walk on by, will you call my name?
When you walk away
Oh will you walk away, will you walk on by I won't call my name, will you call my name
Alright, song number three in tonight's cage match, Simple Minds, Don't You Forget About Me.
Jamie?
I love this song to bits.
So much, and I'm so glad it's not a crappy remix.
So, uh, there are 80 songs that I like better, but I really like that one a whole lot, so it gets a 9.
Alright, Loki.
I like that song, so it gets a 10.
Because? I don't know.
kostjamrh I just remembered, I was going to do a Duran Duran song tonight and I totally forgot. Alright, anyway. Angel.
me personally I love that song a lot I just would have loved it at DDR length a
lot more that song went on forever so I give it a six for the number of minutes
it was all right let's review the songs you can vote for tonight starting off
Starting off with song number one, which is a song called Bitch by J-Punch.
And song number two that you can vote for tonight is Delirium featuring Sarah McLachlan
with Silence, and song number three you can vote for tonight, Simple Minds, Don't You
forget about me place vote now send a private message to sky in the chat room
with your vote and we'll tally them up and see who the winner is all right
meanwhile some stuff's going on here locally in town we just we found out
something going on in one of our local arcades we've talked about a little bit
on this show our vehicle RV GL and this new rumor has come up although you can't
really call it a rumor I would say it's in that stage where it hasn't happened
yet but it's a lot more solid than a rumor so it's kind of a it's a congealed
mass yeah basically I don't know what you would call it when it's not really a
rumor because there's lots of facts backing it up but there it's not hasn't
happened yet either so it's that almost stage but that is is that Roseville
Golf Land is going to get a 2DX machine, basically.
What I think is most exciting about this is the fact that I think this is going to bring
people back to RVGL, because let's face it, it's winter time now, so there's not as many
stupid theme park kids hanging around there, and honestly, we've been kind of missing something
like this for a while. You know what I mean? Remember when we used to have those Wednesday
nights over at Golf Land, and we'd all go, and man, what was new in those days? That
I remember that, because everybody was trying to unlock stuff in Max 2, and I kept trying
to get AAA's on songs. I would just play sets of basic songs to try and get AAA's, because
that was 10 points off if you could get a AAA. Remember that? That was fun. And then
we'd all go to Brick Fields afterwards. I'm sure somewhere in your town, and I know we're
national in some cases international broadcast I know maybe in your neck of
the woods you guys do something similar but we haven't been doing this for about
a year and a half when I don't know what happened like suddenly Scandia got the
2DX machine a competing arcade in town and then everybody went there and then
kind of everything kind of fell apart basically is what happened in the end so
it's kind of exciting that Roseville Golf Line is gonna get 2DX machine 2DX it
brings people together and how long do we freaking tell them seriously I give
One week, and it's in operable.
Sorry, broken?
One week and it's broken.
I will take a step further and say that the DVD drive goes out.
One week and it's broken. They're buying a new monitor for it because I guess the monitor that was on it was fucked.
Well, it's probably the old Shiggle monitor, huh?
Usually, yes.
So, um, I give it a week before the little kids fuck it up.
I still think it's going to be the DVD drive that goes out or someone's going to spill something on the panel.
It's going to be shit. And I'm afraid, you know, it's going to make people even more pissed off because it's just another game that they're not going to fix up.
But, hey, whatever. Whatever makes you happy, I guess, you know.
Whatever sinks your battleship.
I totally agree with the fact that some little kid is probably going to spill something on it. I just hope they put the machine in a place where somebody can watch it.
it? I don't know. What can they do to help 2DX not die? What do you guys think they could
do?
Uh, have a guard posted there 24-7, and have a height bar for you to be able to go up to
the machine.
That guard will be you, Jamie.
They'll pay me, okay.
Alright. I'm tallying up the votes for the cage match right now. What else do you think
would be something fun that we could do to kind of get the crowds going to Golf Land
again.
I know. How about they fix my fucking machine that I built them? They spent all my hard
time on and then went to shit really quick. How about that? That might be nice. Seriously,
I don't know why I even try anymore. You know, why do I try? Because it just goes to shit.
Fuck them. That's what I say. Fuck them. You know, I'm going to make my own machine. I'll
I'm just tired of it. Tired of spending my time there trying to fix shit. Tired of people asking me to fix shit. I don't work there. I don't want to fix it. Hell, I didn't get paid for the last parts that I donated to fix it. So you know what? Fuck it. I don't care.
So, yeah. What could they do to bring people back?
Pay them. Strippers on bars. This would be RVGL, water slides, and strippers.
Hey, they have dock. And derby on their floor.
I need to go raise Ganguro again. Part of me kinda wants to go to RVGL tomorrow
to see if they got the machine up and running. I just, another fact that makes me very happy
that our Vigle is getting 2DX is that I really don't like going to Spigle to play, and I
apologize if you're a Spigle regular, but there's a lot of you guys that hang out there
that are kind of dicks, and I'm sorry, but like, I just feel this very thick, uh, you
know what I mean?
Thickiness.
Thick thickness.
When I walk into Spigle, it's like, if you can't pass eight stars, then you suck, and
you shouldn't even deserve to play here, and they don't tell people when they get new machines
and stuff because they don't want scary newbies around and stuff, and I just don't like that
attitude, you know what I mean? And I'm sorry, because I have friends that play Swiggle,
you know, I'm not saying this is a, every single person is like this, but I just feel
this aura of shittiness when I walk in there, and I'm sorry. So that makes me very happy
that our wiggle is going to be getting a machine, because I think a lot of people, even though
our wiggle is kind of a, I don't, how do you put it? It's a dump in pretty rapping, basically.
the people there really are pretty good. And I sense a lot of friendly people and, you
know, I think more of a, you know, just try your best type attitude. At least that's how
I feel. I don't know. You feel that, Jamie? Or is it just me? I'm sorry, she's watching.
What about you, Loki? Have you been to play at Spigold?
Uh, a few times. It's too cramped for my taste. They have way too many machines in a way too small arcade. That's the only thing I got from it. Um, but, I don't know. They have In the Groove now. I guess that's not, I don't know. I wouldn't want to play In the Groove, but you know, that's just me.
But, you know, honestly, I would rather them put in the groove in that cabinet that's broken
right now than, you know, have it be just not working at all. You know, I'd rather have
that cabinet being used for something other than just to sit there broken. And if that's
what they gotta do, then go ahead, buy the machine, put it in there, so then we can upgrade
it to mine with working parts.
And again, I don't want to bash on everybody that goes to Sviggle, I'm not trying to start
any drama or anything, it's just I've had one too many kind of shitty experiences when
I was there, so I'm sure there's a lot of great people, in fact I know there's a lot
of great people that play Sviggle, it's just that there's a lot of attitude that comes
along with Sviggle, so I don't know.
As far as In the Groove goes, you know, I talked about the game before on the show,
I got to play it, and it's okay, there's things I like about it, there's things I don't like
about it.
I would rather see In the Groove than nothing, I mean it's a nice little addition, it's something
I would play once in a while. It's not something I'm going to go gaga over. It is not a replacement
for DDR, I don't think, but it's something to kind of pass the time. And again, the one
thing that always kind of bugged me about, excuse me, the one thing that always kind
of bugged me about In the Groove is that In the Groove is not DDR unless it's convenient
for it to be DDR. You know what I mean? Like, when it's convenient to say it's the new DDR,
then it's the new DDR. But when, you know, it's being bashed on, then oh well, you can't
say that because it's not DDR. It's kind of like, you know, make up your mind, is it DDR
or not? So, we'll see. Anyway, Jamie, did you have any thoughts on...?
I'm sorry, I had to take care of some business. That's all right.
About In the Groove? Anything, either In the Groove or Sviggle
versus, you know, other places. You know, I, Sviggles, I...
And not necessarily are Sviggles specifically, just Sviggle in general.
No offense to the swigglers, but walking into that place is like walking into, you know, a garage that somebody's put too much crap in.
It's just not comfortable there.
I'd rather go to Miggle, where there's tons of room, generally nicer, more attentive people, than go waste my time at SVGL.
No offense to any of my friends that go there.
That's how I feel.
All right, well that's what we think. If you disagree, you're welcome to join the chat
or call us on the Skyline a little later. Anyway, meanwhile, you guys want to figure
out who won the cage match? Yes, sir.
All right, we're going to go to cage match and the winner is... This is a very unique
situation. Tonight, in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match, we had a three-way tie.
No way! Three-way tie, and a lot of people voted tonight,
And it's still a three-way tie.
Here's the weird thing.
Typically in a three-way tie,
then the song that got thrown out, whoever put that song in, gets to vote on
the winner.
But the problem is,
there is no song being thrown out this week because they're three brand new songs.
So we have to go to Plan B.
And basically what happens in Plan B, and I think this has only ever happened one
time in show history,
is that everybody else in the room who isn't a host
gets to vote on the song that wins.
but we only have one person which means there's only one other person here in
the room tonight
that means angel is going to break the tie so I gave her a little piece of
paper
she's gonna write down on there her favorite song
to win tonight's cage match no pressure
but she's thinking about her vote
That's right.
She's walking to her pen.
She's writing it down on the piece of paper.
All right.
She's got it?
Okay.
I have the vote in my hand.
Remember, once the votes are tallied, the other two songs have to leave.
I will now read the vote.
The winning song of tonight's cage match as decided on by DDR Angel.
Is there any particular, oh I have to ask you first, is there any particular reason
you voted for this song?
No.
Alright.
Let's see, shall I walk over to the cam?
Sure.
Alright.
This is a big moment in Orange Launch Radio History.
Let's see, here we go.
And the winning song for tonight is
song number one. Song number one.
So, that means by a three-way tie-breaker. See, now everyone's dying in the chat room.
What have I done? Bitch wins the cage match, which is ironic
because it's the song that got dogged on the most by the chat room.
Hold on, I gotta play the victory lap here. Bitch wins tonight's cage match.
Any particular reason you picked that one? You gave that one the lowest score out of the three, so I'm kind of surprised that you voted for that one.
Well, I kind of thought of it and, well, I don't know, I kind of like it. It's kind of...
Well, it's more, I guess you could call it a club song, I don't know.
Most dancey out of the three, I guess?
That actually makes me happy because the chat room was so, like, anti-that song.
See, they don't like it too bad!
You guys voted for it in a three-way tie. If any one of you had voted differently, it would have been different.
I'm kidding. I love you, chat room.
Alright, there you have it.
Alright, so Bitch will be back next week with two new songs.
That was good, though. We don't get three-way ties very often.
But it was an exact- it was a multiple of three votes and every one had the same amount. It's crazy.
Wasn't this one like the second time it's happened or something?
I think it's only like the second time it's happened. Ever.
Yeah.
Alright.
I feel special now. Yay!
The first ever versions of songs that have been remixed to the point of making people
physically ill. Like, paranoia. Wow, okay. Wow, that is a crazy theme, okay, but we can
do that. Max 300. Okay. Pre-remix. Alright. And, and actually, just for the hell of it,
because I hadn't heard it in forever, dropout. Even though that has nothing to do with...
Even though. Alright. Because I can't think of any others. Oh my god, I don't think I
have the original paranoia, it's not in the potpourri directory. Okay, okay, I'll tell
Trip Machine.
Want a Trip Machine?
Do I have a Trip Machine?
I don't have a Trip Machine.
Alright.
We'll do $300.
No, that's it.
Um, throw in QQQ.
Cuckoo.
For no good reason.
Thank you.
For no good reason.
For no good reason.
It's, it's Taku.
I will say thank you for that.
Haha pun.
Shoot me.
We'll be right back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
go.
Think about the dance now Think, think about the dance now
you
Orange Lounge Radio is proud to present a celebrity interview.
Can you introduce yourself for our listeners?
I'm Miss Cleo.
Oh, it's great to have you on the show today.
Hello, how are you today?
I'm great, thanks.
Did you have a question?
Well, yes, actually I wanted to know.
Can I please have your first name only and your birth date, please?
Uh, well, no, I actually just wanted to know what you thought of Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, go ahead.
Well, what do you think of Loki, one of the three hosts of Orange Lounge Radio?
Is he incarcerated?
Uh, actually, no, he's not, but what do you think of the ever-ranty Dark Zakra?
Hi, dear, how are you?
I love you.
I see you two must know each other. Well, what do you think of Sky?
Did he used to play football when he was in high school?
Well, actually, no, he didn't.
Well, what do you think of Intern Zero?
I want you to really remember the pill, all right?
I'm seeing some forgetting, possibly.
And I'm seeing a new baby in the next three months.
Right. Okay, well, thanks for being on Orange Lounge Radio today.
Um, I don't mean to sidetrack your question here,
but who are all of these nosy people,
outside influences I'm seeing around you by the moon card?
Get away from me.
Orange Lounge Radio, helping to free your mind and spirit.
I'm Miss Cleo, I love you!
We are back, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Episode number 122, In Progress.
Can't believe we've been doing this crap this long, can you believe that?
I like your shirt there, Angel, that you're wearing. The old
classic Nintendo controller there with the know your roots I've seen that for
sale before
yeah it's nice you're around but
you know I mean you always wear some kinda 8-bit shirt when you come over
here I know this I just
I kinda notice this trend you got you have your we do you are you going to
make a man sure you have that you have the Piranha Plant this is bite me
and then it's bite me I have the
was I got mad bills which is the bullet bill one
The only one I have is the Goomba one that says you lose, because I like that one. I actually wore that to the live 365 awards, so that was kind of an omen that year.
Yup, and the same day that I had picked up the Bite Me shirt, I washed it and wore it
over here that night, and you were wearing your Hulu shirt, so it kind of...
Oh yeah, I remember that.
You were!
Oh, we were twins!
It was so cute!
Yay!
We were twins!
I liked the Nintendo shirts when they were underground, though.
I mean, not that they're not cute now, but you know, it was better when they weren't,
you know, like, you'd seen them all at Hot Topic already and stuff, you know?
There's actually another store that's carrying gaming shirts now.
Oh, who's that?
Uh, T-Shirts Plus.
That must be a local thing.
Well, it might not be a local thing, but, uh,
I can't remember which, like,
mall it is around here.
Dang it. Alright, well, I'll just have to take your word for it, I suppose. I believe it's Arden, actually, now that I think about it.
Alright, um, let's see,
we're gonna go on over to Loki, if you don't mind,
And I was curious what's going on in the Sims scene right now, besides the dancing characters, of course. Is there any other news going on out there right now?
Besides numerous websites being down, not really, no. No, really, actually, nothing's going on at all.
I couldn't really tell you any updates on Step Mini. I don't think there have been any new releases of it since Release Candidate 2, if I remember correctly.
I know that they're still hard at work over on DDRUK on getting those sim files out for, was it, a Dancing Stage Fusion and, let's see, DDRFestival and Ultramix 2. Those are almost done.
I think Festival is close to being done, they're waiting on graphics, and Ultramix 2 they're still working on, and I would assume by now that Fusion's done it, because that game's been out forever now.
I think they're just gonna be doing like one update where they have them all up online, but still nothing yet on those, but should be soon, hopefully.
And then, um, really, other than that, I don't think there's anything else going on, sort of sim-related.
Um, FoodMix Plus, um, it was just announced, actually, that they were going to be releasing, of course, exclusively in Japan,
um, a soundtrack for FoodMix Plus and FoodMix, I guess, that's going to be out there.
There's a little demo on the FoodMix site, I don't remember the URL by chance right now,
now but that's gonna be coming out eventually with all extended tracks and
stuff from your favorite food mix artists and really other than that not
much going on right now pretty quiet that food mix soundtrack sounds pretty
exciting though I'd be looking forward to that food mix is some good stuff and
not just there and I wouldn't even call them Bahmani remixes because they're
they're almost these completely different songs that are just kind of
inspired by familiar Bahmani tunes not just those but their original stuff is
freaking great too so hats off to those guys for putting a soundtrack together
and as I mentioned probably last week in the week before last and so on and so
forth there's the brand new diverse systems album that's coming out called
and this was as you may remember dear mr. 180 well now we have dear mr. desire
which is all remixes which is ironically enough it's remixes of revenge and
desire songs so get all your trip machine cigar ooh and healing vision
remixes out there they're all on this one CD here from diverse systems and
also the food mix CD should be available through silly Walker which is another
diverse systems like site fortunately all these sites being located in Japan
they're only selling you know exclusively in Japan so it's really hard
to get a hold of this stuff especially if you don't speak Japanese it's pretty
hard to find it, but it's out there, so, you know, try your best. I know that Diverse Systems
is re-updating their entire English page, so I'm sure that D7 along with, you know,
this brand new album should be up there eventually as soon as they get done with that, probably
next year.
Alright, good times. Moving right along, excuse me. You know, going back to a topic that we
we had going on earlier in this show, John, you know John in our chat room, he actually
went to the OC Remix and got one of them to come over here to try and talk you into, I
don't know if they're here to talk you into it or what, but answer any questions you may
have about the OC Remix policy. You know what, Loki? I think you're just going to have to
do it.
I don't care. I just don't think it's, you know, usually...
You think you're not worthy, is that what it is?
I guess.
Yes. You've got all these listeners telling you you're worthy. Just do it!
Do it! Do it, Loki! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it!
Yes. That's the spirit. Yay!
Alright. So you guys can be looking forward to that.
I think it would be funny if we went through all that and then they say,
Oh, sorry. This sucks. I'd laugh.
Hey, it would give us good material for next week's show, so I'm down for it.
Good luck to you, Loki. I hope it works out for you. I think that'll be fun.
Alright. Oh, John's going all the way to the top. Look at that.
That guy's crazy. That guy's your biggest fan. Look at that.
Loki's turning red. I'd better change the subject.
Yes, Loki. Since we gotta get to actual news now.
You know, so we do all this fun stuff and then get back to some actual news. The full unlock list for 2DX Red has been released actually. With some interesting information here, we've got all the hidden songs. So we have, you know, Agia by Ryu, Blox by Sparker, The Hope of Tomorrow by Sota, Earth Escape by DJ Taka, Ultimate by Terra, Fake Time by DJ RemoCon.
RemoCon, and Close My Eyes For Me by D. Crew featuring Dennis Gunn. And also with Hidden
and Others for Double A, Andromeda, and Gigadelic. I told Navi, and if you're out there listening
Navi, you pop and music horror friend of mine, and 2DX horror part-time. I told you when
you said that there were not a whole lot of others in 2DX Red, I said, they're probably
hidden. I told you so, I told you so, I told you so. Thank you. Anyways, also should mention,
since it's sort of Bomani-related, exclusively through BomaniStyle.com, they're gonna be
releasing Slake's new album. And Slake, for those who you might not know, is an old-school
Bamani Artist. Anyways, some of the titles for these songs here, Past Oriental Mechanist,
The Fading of Light, Justified, Rush, I Am a Clone, and looks like Astro, I can't even
pronounce that, Astro Oxy Remix. Anyways, and those should be coming soon. They're doing
some stupid little contests here where you get to design like the cover and yada yada
got it. So go to Bumicell, check it out. Here's a little clip of Slake, if you're unfamiliar
with Slake. Here's a little clip of Cloudy Music from Seventh Style.
So I don't know what exactly you would call Slake's style of music. It's just, it's funky
beats I think would be a good way of putting a classifying slate you can't
really classify him he's pretty fun guy yeah so I don't know but anyways huh so
I think that's pretty much all the news Oh Poppins 12 I don't know a little
piece of news I want to share going on actually this is posted to our site by
our very own news guy dark Tetsuya who does a lot of the news for the site we
really appreciate him helping out over orange laundry calm I don't know if you
guys remember this but way back in the beginnings of the show I'm talking like
two years ago back in the first like 10 20 episodes you guys remember twin
galaxies yeah I noticed that that back yeah twin galaxies now they are the site
that does all the high scores for games video games I'm not talking about just
like new video games I'm talking about old video games too we actually probably
the last time we brought them up on the show was during classic gaming Expo
earlier this year. Remember when we all participated in the Stampede challenge? Which, by the way,
I never checked to see if the scores were on, because I, are they?
They were, and you did check. Oh, okay, I don't remember. I'm going to have
to pull that up again, because I remember that I was in, like, the bottom three. I swear
I did so horrible at Stampede. I was somewhere in, like, the teens for the
rankings for Gradius 5 also. Very, very nice. How does that make your internet
penis field, to be in the top 20 Gradius 5 players, officially.
That's pretty sad since I don't play Gradius, Gradius 5, that was the first time I'd ever
played Gradius 5. That's not saying much.
Alright, so Twin Galaxies is back in the news. Apparently, a brand new record has been set,
and I'm actually going to the link, which is a link actually to a post over on aaroninjapan.com,
And they actually quote, and if you want to see all this for yourself, it's all posted
over at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
They actually posted a story from Twin Galaxies, where apparently, what is the guy's name?
Gregory Cantor of Pennsylvania in the US, hey that's where I spent some time this year.
You know, funny enough, I didn't see any good DDR machines while I was out there, but apparently
I was checking all the wrong places, so it was my own damn fault, but this guy in Pennsylvania
has just set the new record for DDR Extreme. And basically the way the rules work, this
is the way the official rules work for you to get ranked. You have to be playing on easy,
difficulty three. It's a five song set. Game over has to be turned on. You get to play
your choice of songs, but you have to be on heavy mode. The gamer is allowed to take as
much time in between sets as the timer allows. No song can be picked more than two times
in the performance. The selection and sequence of songs is the player's choice. Player's
hands may not touch the dance pad. The bar is okay though. Only the player's feet may
touch the dance pad. So this is how the guy did it. He played max 300, max unlimited,
Sakura, bag, paranoia rebirth. So basically he played every 10 footer in the game. Is
rebirth a 10 or is rebirth a 9? So he played, are you sure? Alright, so he played four 10s
was a nine. And he ended up with a, what were they, actually, if you read on in the thread
they don't think it's Tsugaru, they think it's actually Sakura, not Tsugaru, which will
make more sense anyway for somebody to pick Sakura because it's a ten. So this guy got
a score of 375,311,150 points, which is a lot of points. I know a lot of you guys don't
keep track of your points on DDR, you're all about the number of greats and things like
that, but this guy did a pretty good job. I believe the person that had had the record
before this was Yasu. If I'm not mistaking, didn't he remember when we first brought this
up on the show it was some other guy who had a really, really low record and we were all
making fun of how we were going to beat it. And then Yasu came in and kicked all our asses
basically. So that's why this is such big news. If, if I recall, and I may be wrong,
but, because maybe it's a Max 2 versus Extreme thing, I don't know. You know any more about
this, Logie?
That was Max 2 and I remember correctly and the rules were different then. I think the
the rules where you can't play a song more than twice in a row. Or twice, I think. Because
I think he played Max Unlimited twice or something like that. I don't know. It was stupid. Twin
Galaxies is stupid. I really don't care. That's my take on it. Very interesting. And now I'm
getting a message in our chat room over at www.orangelandtrader.com from DarkTetsuya.
Oh, sorry guys, it was Take, not Yasu that set the bar there, sorry.
You know what, both of them are insanely good at DDR, it's easy to get them confused because
you always hear about them together, you always hear about the two of them, so sorry about
that.
My bad, my bad.
But Dark Tetsuya says, uh, it seems like he may not have gotten parental permission.
And I didn't know, I certainly didn't have parental permission when I played Stampede.
My mother doesn't know I do this garbage. I don't know. You have to have parental permission
to be on a high score list? Is that what they're trying to say?
Something about child privacy law? Geez. That's kind of lame. I'm sorry, but
I think that's lame. Alright, we're going to go to a break, guys,
so when we come back from this break, we're going to get into the FUs of the week, because
we have to do that segment every week, because we're just angsty. We're angsty, angsty people,
and we have to get it out
uh... in this break we're getting here
i don't know what do you what do you in the mood for jamie
women here's break
dance maniac stuff
rule
some of the plan to me let's do some dancing like jay paradise stuff
i can find some will do that
and i think we all know about how about i think that yet
I request...
Hurry up.
Uh, sensation.
Okay, if I can find it. Okay.
Uh...
Twinbee.
Okay.
And uh...
Gradious Full Speed.
Okay, we'll make that happen. We'll be right back
after this with more
Orange Lounge Radio.
One, two, three, four!
Yeah
You
Oh
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and a little follow-up to something we were talking
about earlier in the show.
I was actually checking out DERFreak over in the RViggle thread, I remember how we were
talking about 2DX possibly coming to Roswell Golf Land.
Our old buddy Iguana Girl, who's been on the show before, she actually made a post here
that says, I saw the precious precious sitting back in the tech room today.
It's a nice pretty little 2DX machine missing the monitor because they're replacing it.
It's currently in 8 style, but who knows what it'll be when it's up and running.
I smooched it to tell it I love it, and yes I humped it too, just like I did the Scandia
8 style when it first came in.
That's so good to know now.
So there it is.
It's got wifey poo humping on it.
Great.
That's happy.
Girl cooties on the 2DX machine.
Just kidding.
That makes it all the better.
So that's pretty exciting.
So there it is.
That's about as close to a confirmation as you can get.
When iguana girls hump it, you know it's the real deal.
All right.
So anyway, moving right along, I guess
going to get into the FUs of the week. So we're going to cue that up for you guys.
Remember, you guys can participate in the FUs of the week by sending a private message
to me, that's Skye in the chat room with your FU. And Jamie, why is it that we have to do
these FUs of the Week every single week. We're not going to take it anymore.
Oh, Big FU toured my overwhelming lack of free time the past week, however, now that
semester is over and I have one thing left to do it's great but then I just
realized that the classes that I need to take next semester are full term except
for one that's going to be second half so I'm going to be really freaking busy
next semester and fu2 there being no free no time off allowed next month but
I might have to beg some anyway to take care of some school stuff just and if
you towards all the slow ass people on the road today oh yeah an F each of the
guy who tried to cut me off in traffic and then feel on his brakes on purpose
he's tailgating me so I slowed down so he goes around me and then gets it in
front of me and tries to throw on his brakes that I went into him thing is I
drive a Tercel with bad brakes I was going 50 you know that would have been
like lethal so I luckily there's no one in the next place I swerved around them and it
turns out that I ended up being like five cars ahead of him in traffic anyway
so he got stuck behind like some old people in a Buick and F you toward not
having money time and certain things yeah that's really about it I just want
to point out for a minute if any of the OC remix people are listening this is
another one by Loki we're gonna get you we're gonna get you to whore yourself
yourself out. If you won't do it, damn it, we will. And on that note, let's go over to
Loki.
Whatever. I don't even care anymore. Fucking my work for making me bake cookies. I don't
like extracurricular activities no matter what they are, even if it involves cookies,
because the cookies I made, I don't like to eat. One, because they taste like lemons.
because they have nuts in them. It's not my forte. Anyway, um, I guess, fuck you, CarMax
for taking forever to fix my car. I didn't know, but I guess it takes two days to do
a fucking brake job. Whoa, what have I been doing? I must have been doing it completely
wrong because I get mine done in like an hour and a half. The only problem is I didn't know
I needed a brake job because I didn't know the fuck was wrong with my brake. Come to
find out, it's actually something when the person before me, or CarMax, who fucking knows,
my brakes they installed them incorrectly so the retainer clip was broken and thus the
pad was wearing funny causing me vibration noise thus resulting in my brake being worn
down on one side not the other side so i needed the front brake job but unfortunately i don't
have to do a front brake job later because i got done now so good for that um and then
finally um since i don't really have that many fus this week um fuck you too uh let's see here
I know it's comin' here, comin', comin'. Um, you know, I can't think of what it was. Um, there's something that was really pissin' me off the other day, but I just cannot remember what it is right now. Um...
No, I-I don't remember. Oh, fuck, you know, my pads for generating static electricity and causing them not to work, because that's gonna be a pain in the ass to fix, and, uh, yeah, that really sucks.
So, that's all I've got for now. I'm sure I'll remember more later, but, uh, yeah. That sucks.
My turn.
Uh, F you to the fog, because fog is scary. And I don't like driving in the fog, because it's very scary.
Yes.
We saw a six car accident in the fog.
See, the fog is scary!
Fog is a cruel trick to be playing on us humans, so I say F you to fog.
And F you to, uh, angst.
And F you to the fact that I wasn't drinking last night, even though for once I was the person that didn't have to drive,
so I could have drank all I wanted, but I didn't, because I'm a pussy.
And, um, F you to complicated situations, because I keep finding myself in them, and I hate that.
I was going to add something on the fog thing.
What? A dude in a Mustang broke through one of our neighbor's fences.
Geez, see? F-Fog. Well, you've seen that exit.
Yeah. And see, now Seagrid in our chat room is saying,
Fog is sexy. It reminds me of Silent Hill.
Not when a zombie comes out and tries to, like, you know, rape you.
you it's and that's what happens when it's foggy out is you get raped by
zombies actually I do have to say one thing about fog if I may when I lived in
Alabama in in college at our dorms there's like a full globe of trees and
it would get so foggy there would play hide-and-seek in the fog that oh that
was really cool I would be so afraid of getting raped by zombies in the fog
right before Silent Hill. Still, zombie raping has been around forever.
Well, that will explain a few people who call where I work.
Alright, let's move on. Angel, you're FUs.
Um, yeah, I'll add another FU to the difficult situation thing, just because I hate that.
Um, F you to, um, yeah, F you to a parent that wants to be there but never was to begin
with.
I'm not talking about my parents, I'm talking about, um, my significant other's, uh, certain
parents.
Um, and, uh, you know what, they don't want you there, so stop trying, cause you never
tried anyway.
And, uh, that's it.
Alright.
All right, let's go on to the chat room FUs then
Dork says F you to myself for having a girl over and not doing anything about it
What lucky
Exactly that stuff will kick you till the day you die. Okay, just you gotta remember do it even if it seems wrong
Get the zombies to help
Darkknight says, my F.U. goes to the Greedy American Cable Company for trying to make
you spend more money by removing HBO and Cinemax from BASIC and just putting on digital cable
only now.
EvilMaoki2Dx says, F.U. to DarklionXVI for pointing out that Noria has crooked teeth
and needs braces. I'll never be able to look at her the same ever again. I don't know how
you didn't notice that before you're weird and one more f you to whatever
caused the station drops earlier I agree thank you I was evil dark lion xvi says
f you to nathan gale for killing metal guitar legend dime bag darryl I'm into
that and for other fans in Columbus Ohio I'm glad the police officer killed the
bastard Nathan I hope you're comfortable stay in hell rest in peace die back
Daryl we in the metal world will miss your red goatee and intense guitar riffs
Oh and f you to evil now key to DX for torturing me with Nico Mimi mode the opening of the opening theme for
You had just had to do this to the white guy didn't you sue kill me moon phase?
John field says f you to the asshole who caused the pipe upstairs to burst my dorm room is flooded. Oh you are sued
Oh, you are so sued you ruined my stuff in its finals week
FU to the school as well for not keeping the maintenance on the pipes in this dorm.
You're sued as well if there isn't any compensation coming to me.
Illusion says FU to waking up at 4.30 in the morning because of a nightmare of some weird guy strangling a woman with floss.
Oh well, it led to my new short story being written.
FU to this stupid character analysis paper for the Scarlet Letter due tomorrow.
And finally a kind FU to DDR Angel for making that crappy bitch song win the cage match.
Sarah McLachlan was clearly the best song, but it was a kind f you do you alright so I
Can't say anything because I don't know I'm so whatever and besides they left the decision up to me anyway. That's right. You tell them
All right misty says f the movie theater that is one of only two in the groove machines in st
Louis for not having the machine on tonight
I'd rather play on shitty pads than not at all
Nice to see you finally give a damn about the machine's maintenance, though, and of course, F the cage match.
You're welcome.
Jaded2004 says F you to a broken rib, which equals no DDR for a month.
Ouch.
Seagurd says F you to a certain friend and his brother for not coming to terms with each of their sexuality.
They can make such a hot porn. Grr.
F you to not having WarioWare DS.
Played my friend's copy and it's the best game ever.
Wait, when did that come out? WarioWare DS is not out.
not out. What? Um, not that I know of. Maybe in Japan. Maybe. Maybe in Japan. Details please.
It might be out in Japan. Finally, F you to not getting enough sleep. Damn you, Final
Fantasy XI, it's all your fault. Alright, moving on. Oh, what? Dark Sakura? I smell
all of a sudden I smell vanilla blark says f you to people who keep saying
they're bored all the time it pisses off people who don't have time to do
anything if you're bored go read some books and stop telling everyone you have
nothing to do
oh they said in the chat room it's the Japanese version of WarioWare DS just
confirmation there and dark Tetsuya says f you to my dance pad it might be broken
and jazz says f you to Saturday holy crap what a horrible day you were I had
my first online final at 9 o'clock in the morning so I got up early and went
to school around 7 so I could get food and study during this process I locked
my keys in my car and need to call triple-a I would have just called my
parents but they were conveniently in Reno for the weekend after that I
completely botched my final and proceed to go home and drown my sorrows and
sleep in World of Warcraft and after that it got cut off but they have to do
the world of warcraft i don't want to hear about it anyway
i'm a little bitter towards that game
i'm sure it's a great game i've heard a lot of good things about it
anyway that's it
i'm looking at the Nevada girl
and this is the link you had me post in the chatroom earlier during the last broadcast
there's an eleven year old that killed a twelve year old in her class
in japan and now she's like an internet celebrity
and they call her the Nevada girl. I've heard of this girl
sometimes time time i guess what happened to her
well they can't really do anything to her because the uh... age of criminal
responsibility in japan is fourteen
which actually was lowered from sixteen
wait so when you kill somebody you can't be prosecuted
but they're still trying to decide what to do with her
uh...
but uh...
apparently she's a big internet celebrity now in japan and there's all kinds of fan art about her
I did post the links in my live journal, including a bunch of the fan art.
The site, and if someone will just retype this for me, it's www.shrinemaiden.com, slash,
and it's all in caps, Nevada underscore, and then capital A, the rest is lowercase, R-T-W-O-R-K.
I lost you.
Sorry.
www.shrinemaiden.com
slash, and then Nevada is all
capitalized, underscore, N-E-V-A-D-A like
the state. Nevada, okay, underscore. And then Artwork, capital A.
The rest is lowercase. That's the site. That's it?
That's all that they had art.
There it is, in the chat room, just for you guys.
that yeah that's it I have some suggestions from the chat room dark night
says here's a suggestion send her to a shrink
Ram says the girl needs counseling big time there you go apparently she killed
her with a box cutter hope you have a pleasant Sunday night everybody but I
just find it funny that there's all kinds like look at one of these Rob okay
I'm looking. She looks so sweet and innocent. She looks sweet and innocent and chibi in
that picture and she's holding a little box cutter behind her back. That is, that's disturbing.
That is downright scary. Oh my god. Ugh. Loki, why do you find that so damn funny? Because
She has a box cutter and she killed a kid, and now she's famous.
That's sad! It's not funny, it's sad!
Yeah, really, she's not like the ugly, red-headed kid that killed some stupid kid and then posed his body in, like, uh...
He was on, uh, 48 hours last night.
Okay, let's go up on the webcam now.
And the webcam, of course, is available over at www.orangelongeradio.com.
And please don't get to see my uber-leet precious... my laptop.
Alright, we're going to go to a break, and when we come back, why don't we do some Ask
Orange Lounge? How's that sound?
Works for me. Yeah. And we'll open up the Skype line as well
for some comments. In this break, I've been letting Jamie pick all the songs tonight, so we're going to do some songs I want to hear now.
And we're going to start off with Candy. I want to hear Candy.
And it's Happy. And
when I hear Candy, I think of killing people with box cutters, so here you go.
We'll be back. Can we call you Rob Tan?
heh
We will live it in your eyes Return all the pages
If the end comes to us, never end it's only us
Never end it's only us
Try to keep their secrets, when I fall behind the clouds
There upon the rainbow The answer to my never-ending story
Never ending story
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Orange Lounge Radio, can we put your thing down, flip it, and reverse it?
My God, you people are scary, looking at that cosplay and dojinshi.
I'm going to cosplay her in front of me.
she's 11 years old. What's this talk of cartoon vagina in the chatroom?
Some of the pictures are of the more hentai nature.
Gross! As if I didn't have reason enough to be gay.
Honestly, people. But some of the pictures are just so adorable
and it's so wrong that there's this whole fandom. Not the hentai one.
I'm planning on cosplaying in mockery of the fandom.
Yeah. Sure. So I just got an email from Midihead. Apparently, his broadcast went pretty good,
but he didn't get a chance to record it. I guess he was having technical difficulties
right up to the last minute. Hey! Just like this show! What do you know? But maybe we'll
be able to do something with Midihead another time. Because he's a fun guy. We like him.
And really, I would love any old DDR artist to be able to use this station as an outlet
to do some fun stuff because we'll whore ourselves for baloney artists because we like the music
you guys do. What can we say? That's why we're here. Anyway, one other thing we whore ourselves
to is the listenership and one way we allow the listeners to give back and be a part of
the show is to ask Orange Lounge. Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question. What will
We find out tonight on orange that owns radio
All I know is that I hope that the station doesn't disconnect because if it does then we won't be having this segment again
tonight
Oh my god, there's a picture of who's one of the battle royale girls
Okay, and jazz is the first question tonight and he's basically asking the same thing. He was just we were just talking about
about, saying, why is there a Nevada vagina action? And am I bad for laughing at this?
And it's a little picture of the girl done in ASCII art that you could use in your signature
on a forum if you wanted to. I could copy and paste that in IRC if I was feeling dumb,
but I'm not going to. I think it's cute, I don't think there's any reason to laugh, or
But, I don't know about the anime shirts. See, any ideas, Jamie?
That's disgusting. Jamie, any ideas about the anime shirts?
Oh, no. Go to San Francisco.
Low-key?
Um, you might try. Depends on what you're looking for. If you're looking for, um...
I guess it would depend on what series you're looking for.
Because a lot of the film companies like ADV and stuff, they put out t-shirts along with their DVDs and stuff.
So a site where you'd buy them, you'd probably be able to get the t-shirts from. I've tried maybe writestuff.com, and I think that's stuff with one F.
And, um, yeah, I think you might try there. And just do fucking Google search. Anime t-shirts. I'm sure you'll pull that shit up.
Alright.
You did not just say there's a bukkake picture. That is disgusting. Let me see it. I have to see it now.
to see it now. Oh my God, I'm going to die. Okay, Misty has a question. Oh my God, that's
disgusting! I'm done with this show, I'm so done. Alright. I hate to say it, but some
of them are just pretty funny. Alright, now simmer down for a minute, let's listen to
It doesn't matter if it's arcade or console.
Hell, give both if you remember.
Probably Castlevania.
Castlevania was my first.
Or Twinbeats, actually as it was on the NES, Stinger.
Mm, Stinger.
I vividly remember getting Castlevania
for my birthday or something for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
That was the first Konami game I had.
You remember?
I don't know if you remember this, but on the 8-bit Nintendo,
the Konami games came in a unique sort of packaging,
sort of like the old Activision cartridges and the Atari 2600.
all look the same. So did the Konami. They were all gray. You remember that? Yeah. So
I remember Castlevania was the first of those games that I owned. Angel. The only one I
remember, I know this is completely lame because it's one of the later games, but Contra. Contra
was probably the second. I used to play the hell out of Contra. Contra was probably the
second. In fact, as far as arcade games go, I would probably say Contra versus would be
the first. That I remember, really. I mean, there might have been, because Konami did
a lot of games in the early 80s too and I just don't remember what they did. So that
one I remember. You remember how on the Pay Choice 10 you could play the old school Nintendo
games? Yeah. Yeah. I remember playing Contra on one of those ones. Loki, you remember?
My first game was Life Force. It was one of the first three games I had on, or one of
first few games I had on Nintendo, because I got, what was it, it was Breakthrough, Zelda,
and I think Life Force were the first three games I had on Nintendo. Of course, we know
Life Force also as a salamander. Yes I know, but this was Life Force, not salamander.
It's just like how, what got me into DDR were the games Bust a Groove, and I know it's Bust
a Move in Japan, but when I played it, it was Bust a Groove. I didn't even know there
was an import scene until I got into this DDR stuff so I guess that's one way
you could put it. And I know Jamie loves it when I call it Busta Groove. Busta
Groove, Busta Groove, Busta Groove. I just got the finger. Alright, Blarg has a
question. I'm not... Jesus. Leave it to Blarg. I'm not sure if this has been asked
before but would any of you participate in some bukkake action if given the
p.s. i'm not offering no
how do you know we haven't already
i don't think so
unless it's like cake frosting bukkake or something
cuz cake frosting is yummy
as opposed to... yes?
sushi
what the hell
you don't remember the sushi down there
i remember
down the street i remember
that's disgusting. You're the one that mentioned it too. Our listeners have way too much free
time on their hands. You need to go read a book or something. Take the other guy's advice.
All right. John Fields has a question. If you had your choice of getting sucked inside
your TV and ending up inside of a video game, non-bomani and non-porn, Loki, no bubble bath
babes for you, what game would it be? What game would it be? If you had to get sucked
your TV into a video game any thoughts this is a weird question this is such a
nerd question angel I have to go first cuz I'm making you Jamie are you gonna
participate tonight show I'm sorry this is funny if you got had to get sucked
into any video game what would it be and it sucks into any video game non-bomani
non porn the nerdiest this is one of the top three nerdiest questions I think
we've ever gotten. I honestly couldn't say. Um. Probably. Plea peel. It's gonna be cool
just to walk along through the forest and solve all your problems by having a friendly
puzzle game. Angel. I was gonna say Mr. Driller just because that's the game I can't stop
playing right now, but that just doesn't sound right. You'd be drilling all day long and
and then you suffocate and fly away like a little angel.
I'm good at suffocating if you've ever watched me play.
Loki.
Um...
I would have to say...
I just put me in rumble roses because...
I can just...
Non-porn!
That's not porn!
Fuck that shit!
I ain't porn!
You'd be perfect for Grand Theft Auto!
I would have to say Burger Time, because hamburgers are yummy. No, I'm kidding. Dark Tetsuya
said that in the chat room, so I had to say that. No, actually, I already had some answers
thought of. Legend of Zelda, because that was just such a cute game. Or, I would have
to say Pokemon, because it's very similar to Jamie, what if we could just settle our
scores by having our pets do battle instead of us, you know, just have our pets...
Dude, Jeremy would sit on whatever pet you had and win.
Or...
Jeremy's like Snorax or whatever it was called.
Or Final Fantasy IV, because I just have so many good memories about that game.
And I practically did live that game back when I was a kid.
When I was a kid, I did live that game, okay, so what can I say?
I just thought of another good one from the old school, Kid Icarus or Icarus or whatever the heck you want to pronounce it, you know.
That was a good one. I like some of the answers the chat room is giving. Evil Naoki 2DX says, I'd be in Katamari Damacy.
Oh!
Leisure Suit Larry.
Or BMX Triple X. Nah, BMX Triple X is too much work. Leisure Suit Larry.
DarklionXVI says, what do you think of my Dancer video I linked you last week?
Well, it was Dancer. I love Dancer. What can I say? Dancer is fabulous.
I highly recommend Dancer. Go ahead and post the link in our chat.
Let the chat people see it so that they can know what I'm talking about.
Oh, Jesus. Okay, here's a question from Seager.
Jamie, maybe you can answer this one. I don't know.
Let's see.
Uh, what's the best way to make two brothers have sex, and stay somewhat hidden with your video camera?
Drugs, lots of drugs.
Loki has a suggestion.
Ecstasy and alcohol.
Well, seriously, if you had them do enough ecstasy and alcohol, they would not be able to even see you there in the corner.
You'd just be another fixture.
you could like you could you know like in cartoons when they're trying to
disguise themselves you'd probably be able to join in you know how you could
disguise yourself as a palm tree or or as a lamp I'd like no no this was just
on drawn together the couple weeks ago you can disguise yourself as a lamp by
just putting a lamp shade on your head so you could do that and then have your
video camera there so and you're just a lamp
you guys are sick illusion has an orange lounge radio question
if you drop a kitty in a blender and you shuffle cards at the same time what are you guys doing
for new year's eve
blink blink dot dot dot i think there's only one part of that question
he needed to hear. Loki. Easy, that's what I'm doing for New Year's. Drop me a kitty
in a blender and shuffling cards. It's kitty smoothie and poker. Jamie, do you have a serious
answer for this poor question? I'm going to be heavily intoxicated. Yes, whatever I do
there will be drinking involved and hopefully sex if I get my way. Just not with two brothers,
because I'm not into that. Angel, you thinking over there? Do you have a plot, a plan?
Not for the kiddie questions, like whatever, but I don't know.
I think that was just a red herring. I don't think that was the actual question. I think
the question was New Year's Eve. All right. I don't know. I don't know what
I'm doing for New Year's or whatever. Maybe somebody will kidnap me so we can all have
a good time because kidnappings are fun I know this is like way late but I
remember two things I'm mad at and these are both movie related too I'm pissed
off at closer because Nellie Portman did not get naked and I'm also pissed off at
this other game or not this other show called a my life or yeah the life or
or something like that, starring Denise Richards, and she didn't get naked in that either! It's
a fucking underrated goddamn DVD! You're supposed to get naked! Naked! You're Playboy fucking
get naked on the goddamn- It's a foreign film, even! Where nudity's not even a big deal,
but no! Just show your tits in fucking Playboy! You're the worst fucking magazine out there.
Next to Entertainment Weekly. Anyways.
New Year's Eve? Uh, probably watch TV. What did we do last year? I watched an Iron Chef
marathon and then we had sex. That sounds like the perfect way to spend New Year's Eve.
I can't remember if it was New Year's or that was how I spent Halloween. It was one of those
holidays we watched an Iron Chef marathon and had sex. That could have been both, actually.
Wow.
Alright, anyway, that's fine.
I got invited to a party, so I'll probably go.
That's what I'm doing for New Year's.
Unless the chance to have sex comes up, then I will ditch everybody.
And it has to be good sex.
Eva Maoki 2DX says, speaking of internet crazes, ever heard of the OS girls?
If y'all don't know, basically people in Japan created anime mascots for different operating
systems but the real question what okay so have you guys ever heard of this they
have and what do you think they did one that was posted on I have fuck I don't
remember now I think it was on slash dot for Firefox and they did some furry for
that some shit I didn't get to see the other ones because the link that they
posted it to didn't I couldn't find them in person's gallery but it was
interesting. I think I, I want to say I posted that in my live journal, but I can't remember
if I did or not.
Nope, I know who posted it in their live journal.
But, um, someone posted it in their live journal, and I'm going to show Rob here in the studio.
Well, actually, fuck, I'm going to have to, like, go through five pages of friend's stuff
to find it. Remember who posted that? Okay. Anyways, Rob talk and I'll find it.
Fine. The real question that, uh, even theAlky2DX wants to ask is, what do you all think of
internet crazes. I think they're funny. I think they're funny until they get old. I
mean, like, some things are getting old. Like, I'm sorry, because I know Jamie's a fan, but
I think Strong Bad is kind of old now. Did I say I was a fan? Well, I just know you quote
Strong Bad a lot. It's because I live with Dan, and Dan quotes Strong Bad a lot. I just
I just think Homestar Runner is kind of like so last year.
All right.
Anything else? Internet crazes? Anybody else have a comment on internet crazes?
No, because I can't think of any at the moment. How about the hamster dance?
That was like three years ago. That was the dancing baby.
Oh, okay, the dancing baby. Yeah, all right. Yeah, they're funny until they get old.
This is a scary comment from Dark Knight in the chatroom.
could see the chairman starting Loki's sex romp. You know from Iron Chef. Oh, I saw that
picture. There's the Firefox anime girl. Can you like just post a link to chat room or
something? Why not? Oh, you're not in chat. Oh, that sucks. Sucks to be you. Moving on
with the questions Ask Orange Lounge. If you have a question, you can send it to us via
private message in IRC or you can also give us a call on the skype line we're
going to open up the skype line for you boys and girls that want to give us a
call over there legend of Zaku says if I were to down this death brick called the
Hardee's monster thick burger burger I don't know if you've heard about this
other things are humongous I saw without nasty what only courses would I have to
do in order to burn off the 1400 plus calories that I'm taking in as a result
of this burger. All of them. Yeah, all of them, basically. I'll put it this way. Legend
rode five times. You would have to lift weights vigorously for four solid hours to burn off
that many calories. And I'm surprised, Loki, I'm looking at the site right now, I'm surprised,
and it's making that lightning noise right here. It's Hardee's.com, and I want Loki to
see this. It's the Monster Burger. Hardee's, of course, somewhat related to Carl's Jr.
the monster thick burger. Look at that. That's just a fucking Bacon Ultimate Cheeseburger.
That's all that is. It's more than a Bacon Ultimate Cheeseburger. They're pretty humongous.
They're larger than the $6 burger. Yeah, that's like two of those $6 patties right there,
and like, look at whatever that sauce is right there. Yikes. If you go to fucking Fuddruckers,
you can get one pound patties there okay so that burger ain't shit okay but yeah
that looks tasty. John Fields has a question hey what if the chat room forced
Orange Lounge Radio and you can stop right there because the chat room can't
force us to do nothing but we'll entertain the question what if the chat
room forced Orange Lounge Radio to do to a kids show like those you see on Nick
Nick Jr. because of tonight's cage match. What would it be like, what would it be like
if the show were on Nick Jr.? We wouldn't be on Nick Jr.
I would sell this show out to anybody that would take it and I know you guys would too
and if Nick Jr. was there, I would have a live studio audience filled with children
and I would make Dark Sakura lecture them on proper grammar all night.
and then have remedial class for their parents on how to do their fucking jobs.
Beautiful. Last question of the evening from Seagurd. Okay, a real question. Are there
any solid plans for an E3 show this year? Well, I guess one of the big questions is
if we even get to go to E3 in the first place, we know Dark Sakura gets to go. Loki and I
are pretty sure we're going to get to go again where with cards look good if you
went the year before you can go again so we're kind of hoping that can happen
so the answer is if we can get
everything we need which would include a laptop
hit hit
hit hit jimmy
and we stay in a nice enough hotel this time where we're not in the motel six
in the middle of hollywood and we instead stay at a motel that has free high speed
internet access like a
motel seven
or at least a holiday in which i think has that
If we could do that, then yes, we could do a show, not necessarily from E3, but from
the hotel. But here's the other part of the question. Would we want to spend our time
in LA doing this program? I don't know. So, maybe. I think if worse comes to worse, we'll
do something, we'll do lots of tape segments from E3. We're trying to do more at E3 this
year, assuming we have to find out if we can go first. But if we can go, we're hoping to
get more interviews and some many more fun stuff at E3. But again, it's still December,
It's a little early, so we'll see soon enough.
Alright, that's gonna do it for tonight's Ask Orange Lounge segment.
What do you say we do another break? A quick break, and come back and wrap it up.
You guys okay with that?
Looks for me.
Alright, let's do a break, and in this break we're gonna hear...
I wanna hear something new. I wanna hear an UltraMix 2 song. Let's do...
I don't know, what song sounds good to you? Let's do the Delirium song,
Since we're having a delirium night.
How's that sound?
Oh, it's for me.
Alright, we will be right back after this to wrap it up.
Stay with us.
The best is yet to come because we all know the best part of the show is when it's over.
She's tired of smiling at me
I just decided to come back inside of me
And I think we're on our way
Cause tomorrow she does nothing inside
No good to give, no meaning to leave
I'm missing all of my nights
Everything runs out
After all these decades, do we say no?
Hello? Hello, is this thing on? Testing. Testing one, two.
I'm looking in the index, but I don't see anything for how to run a radio show.
Hello? I don't understand this. Does this thing work?
This thing reads like stereo instructions.
Is this on?
Orange Lounge Radio, broke down Get Opa Monte Radio.
get to get out of the hotel that is. We'll see. Anyway, we're going to wrap it up, but
we've got to get everybody's final thoughts. So we'll start with DDR Angel.
Well, I thought I'd bring up the game, or I can bring it up growing up for Skirt. That
game that I like and that I got to do this. My bad. I totally forgot about it. Bring it
up real quick. Tell the folks about it. What's it all about?
It's basically a side-scrolling RPG game called MapleStory.
A side-scrolling RPG?
Yeah.
What kind of a game?
It kind of reminded me of Mystical Ninja at first, but I don't know, it's pretty cool.
I mean, you can pick up coins and stuff, it's pretty cute.
It's one of those cutesy ones again, you know, like Ragnarok was.
It was cutesy and it was cool, and it still is cool, but you know.
I don't know. Anyway.
What was it? Maple... I can't think of the website now.
MapleStory?
you don't know the game's maple story
maple global diet
matter dot com
for those people don't check it out good maple global
may be stuck on
i think it's not com
evil maliki in our chat room says uh... maple story dot com
sounds interesting i might have to check this out
seems like a few people in our chat have heard of this before so we'll see
angel's gonna hook me up with that later so i can check it out
loki your final thought
oh i'm sorry angel is that your final thought pretty much
bye mr driller cause it's fun
loki your final thought
It is maplestory.com
My final thought is
I'm probably going to play some more Final Fantasy tonight
because
I like that game and I've spent so much time on it and yeah, that's all.
Jamie, my final thought is I'm probably going to do the same thing as soon as I take Angel home.
Jamie, your final thought. Actually, I have to run errands, which kind of sucks. Jamie, your final thought?
Um...
Nevada!
All right.
Now you know you're not going to have a final word. So I have to give the final word.
I have another one.
And thank you very much for listening everybody. Have a great night and thank you for supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll see you back here next week. Have a happy holiday season.
And tune in all this week for more live programming here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Jamie, the final word of tonight's show.
Creamy.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
He busted in, nearly scared him half to death
Had a rifle in his hands, and cheap whiskey on his breath
From his beard to his boots, he was covered with ammo
Like a big, fat, drunk, disgruntled, yuletide Rambo
And he smiled as he stared, with a twinkle in his eye
Merry Christmas to all, now you're all gonna die!
The night Santa went crazy
The night St. Nick went insane
Realized he'd been getting a raw meal
So he finally must've snapped in his brain
Well the workshop is gone now
He decided to bomb it
Everywhere you'll find pieces
Of cupid and comet
And he tied up his helpers
And he held the elves hostage
And he ground up for Rudolph
Into reindeer sausage
He got Dancer and Brandler with an old German Luger
And he slashed up Dasher just like Freddy Krueger
And he picked up a flame thrower
And he barbecued Blitzen
And he took a big bite and laid his head just like chicken
The night Santa went crazy
The night kids crinkled with Santa
You can't hardly walk around the North Pole
Without stepping in reindeer's blood
There's a National Guard and the FBI
There's a van from the eye with a zoo
And a helicopter circling round in the sky
And the bullets are flying, the spotting is rising
And everyone's dying to know who's better why
My, my, my, my, my, my
You used to be such a jolly guy
Yes, Virginia, now Santa's doin' time
In a federal prison, or is it summer's crime?
Hey, little friend, now, don't you cry no more tears
He'll be out with good behavior in seven hundred more years
But now makes him in therapy and Donner's so nervous
And the elbow got jobs working for the postal service
And the famous is why she's on the phone every night
When the lawyer negotiates the movie rights they talk about
The night span away craving the night St. Nicholas lived
Broke his back for some meltin' cookie
Felt to me like he was tired of gettin' sick, whoa
The night fennel went crazy
The night paint jig went insane
Realized he's been gettin' the wrong deal
Some finally must've snapped in his brain, whoa
Some finally must've snapped in his brain, tell ya
who finally put the sand in his brain.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
The Orange Lounge Radio After Birth. Here it is, the part after the credits.
Any exciting plans for this week, Dark Sakura?
Sitting on my ass, maybe playing some Phantasy Star online.
Are you getting back into that? Yeah, I may as well. I'm still paying for
it. You know, episode four is being beta tested
right now. Oh, joy.
and apparently the card thing is gone. Good, because the card thing was retarded.
Oh my god. You know, this whole card craze thing...
horrible.
Yeah, I agree.
I agree.
The card thing was not good.
But we talked about that a little bit on Outside the Box a couple weeks ago, so, interesting.
uh... low-key any exciting plans for the week
angel you got any exciting plans this week you are pretty boring
man i really
man what do you do for fun
i don't know
you what i don't know that
i held a lot
I hella want Boba, but I can't go out for Boba tonight because I have errands to run.
I have to get up at 6.30, I'm sorry, 5.30 in the morning.
Boba sounds like a good time though, it really does.
Darn you for bringing it up!
Oh well, what can you do?
Alright, well I guess that's it, unless anybody else has anything exciting they want to add.
No? Alrighty then.
We're going to go back to our Bahmani Music and More program.
Commercial free tonight, boys and girls, for a little while after the show.
We're going to start it off, though, with something special, for those of you guys that stuck around, because I know a lot of you guys ditch us before the...
No, I want to play something kind of new, because it's new and desirable by people,
because you don't get to hear it a whole lot.
So we're actually going to play
that new remix,
which we haven't really played a whole lot here on the station.
So, some of you guys may actually not have heard it yet.
You know the junk circuit mix of I Feel?
You remember that one?
We're gonna play that for you guys
who stuck around for us.
And have a great night, everybody.
Thanks for tuning in and supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a good one.
Do you feel it?
I think I'm getting sick of this shit.
I don't feel good.
I feel good.
I don't feel good.
I don't feel good.
I don't feel good.
I feel good.
Thanks for watching!
