Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
If you know me, it is me.
You are immersing me to OrangeNES.
Somebody called Radio Baby.
Oh, gosh, come on!
Oh, God!
Heh heh heh heh heh! Call me Daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...moo...uh...moo...cocky!
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that. In this episode...
Why isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now here are your hosts for orange lounge radio live dark Sakura sky and low-key
We are live
And this is episode number 121 for this
December the 5th of 2004 you're tuned into the be
money scenes most longest-running radio stage of all things be my
Hi! My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky. Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts, in this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, back from her vacation. Say hello to Dark Sacra.
Oh my God, they wanted to keep me.
No, you can't let them keep you.
But I had grits. Real grits. I ate at the waffle house. And I had my hash brown, smothered, covered chunks and dice. Thank you.
All she's missing is her accent, we'll talk more about the trip a little later on.
Also with us, as always, say hello to our tech massa who's setting up the webcam right now.
Loki!
Let's try that again. Say hello to our tech massa.
Loki!
I don't have time to talk anymore.
Joining us tonight are some very special guests.
It's the usual crowd. Say hello to DDR Angel.
Hello. That's a very happy hello, isn't it?
Yes it is.
And also say hello to Arkadian42.
Hi. It's not a game that's easy.
What?
It's not a game that's easy.
What? I want to talk about that when we come back. That is crazy.
Because we just had an 80's preshow and it kind of ties into that.
That little thing you're playing right there.
Uh, yeah, we got a whole lot of interesting stuff to talk about tonight.
Actually, I'm lying. There's really not a whole lot going on.
But we're gonna try to film three hours best we can anyway.
Um, I know I want to talk about 8 style tonight, Pop Music 10,
because I got to play both those this week for the first time.
Of course, How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, Cage Match, all that fun stuff.
When we come back after this break, featuring music from DDR Third Mix,
because Third Mix was cool.
If you want to join us in our chat room, there's quite a little crowd there already.
head on over to www.orangeloungeradio.com and click on Chat.
We'll be right back, after this, boys and girls.
Some of the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music
in our Bamani Music and More program. Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up the volume from Tuesday nights?
Except, of course, the subject that was just on your discussion.
Okay, well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the attack music we play on the station?
I collect your fucking head.
Just like this fucker here.
Oh my god, why did you do that to Loki? The Hawk thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, now's the fucking time!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
The lovely and wonderful Jamie there in that promo, well, sort of.
Ashplained by Lucy Liu.
Yes, you remember that a long time ago.
This was like probably the first year of Orange Lounge Radio,
which it's sad that that could be considered retro, but it really is.
really is. You remember way back during the first year of this program when somebody had
talked about, I want to say it was Dark Tetsuya who was somehow involved with this, brought
up the casting of the Orange Lounge movie, and they took votes in the chat room and they
said that you should be played by Lucy Liu. How ironic. Which is, yeah, how ironic. A
little too ironic. Especially considering you're not Asian at all. No. You know what?
I finally got something new when I went to Alabama. That would be like me being played
by Denzel Washington. That's funny. Anyway, sorry. Yes, Alabama. I got, I believe it was,
I thought you were taller. Alright, this is a good segue, we've got to get into how was
your week, how was your day, because I've got to figure out about what this is all about.
So, Jamie, how was your week, how was your day? A couple of weeks were pretty decent.
Very, very, very, very, very, very busy. Let's see, with my trip to Alabama, I got there,
My mom got us lost and away from New Orleans.
We ended up heading up toward Hattiesburg.
There's something stuck in this thing.
Anyway, we ended up going up to Hattiesburg.
And then right when mom realized where we were,
we had to go around a different way, so we headed home.
Got there.
I didn't get done until 6 in the morning Central.
That means I had been up an official 24 hours,
because I woke up at 4 Pacific in the morning.
Congratulations.
My house crashed.
next day was Thanksgiving but we didn't do Thanksgiving stuff we just slept and
did some hanging out you know it's pretty cool then on Friday I went to
Dothan saw my daddy my uncle Dale my uncle Dale and my daddy are having their
second childhoods my uncle Dale has a aka midlife crisis 2004 Mustang GT my
I used to be that way on AOL Instant Messenger, I would type to everybody in a huge 72-point
font they'd be like knock it off but I figured my chats are very important and
I want to make sure they're not missed well this is Saturday um I we had our
official Thanksgiving at my uncle's house and we had fried turkey mmm
fried turkey you know what turkey dangerous that shit is to make so yeah
well my uncle had a very nice deep fryer with the lid and everything and it was
very gummy cuz it makes all of the meat just super juicy and had all kinds of
things I'm not supposed to eat. On the way to Dothan though I had boiled peanuts
and I passed by two movie galleries and saluted them for you Loki. Like you know
the single finger salute. Yes. But I had a really good time and then that night I went to
ground zero which is a sort of okay it's like a it's a comic book store with
gaming tables there are lots of people playing Yu-Gi-Oh! and I felt really nerdy
and then but down downstairs there's like an arcade there was pretty cool
that's a very strange name for a arcade in light of recent events isn't it great
okay but there was a DDR extreme there was a fourth solo there was a fourth
solo that's hard there was a virtual on I played the hell out of virtual on and
a super pac-man oh my god so one of my favorite and I had a dance maniacs oh
I met quite a few people, actually I met the, uh, I don't remember the name of the show,
I'm supposing that he's in charge of the machines there, he goes by, uh,
Pyramus Online.
Very, very cool guy. I went to a... I went to a Bemani party!
What? You went to a Bemani party? Yeah.
You just randomly got invited to a Bemani party? They were all heading over, so I went over and played Ace Style
on a widescreen TV, and that was rad. Very nice. So, you just...
You went over to strangers' houses to play video games? He actually lived, um, about a block away from
where my ex-remates lived.
So it was very close.
And I went over, of course, to hang out with my mama's son and my papa's son,
and Kay Kitty and Bobby, and we had a pretty good time.
We watched movies.
I saw The End of the Day After Tomorrow, and no offense, but that movie sucked.
I don't think so.
That's my very professional opinion.
I don't know a lot of people who are going to disagree with you there.
My mom loves the movie.
They love the movie.
I don't really want to put down anyone else's opinion of it, but my opinion of it is crap.
We also, uh...
I learned the fine art of DVD duplication.
And so I was able to deliver a copy of Kill Bill volume 2.
Orange Laundraider does not advocate piracy.
Yes he did.
And I got, uh...
Actually, you know, there's that show, uh, Kindred Be Embraced that came on
based off of the White Wolf universe that I have.
since they ever made it that because I think that the actor died the main guy
who's playing the prince but I have all of that I still have it on my uh the
one brings me DVDs you'll get copies um orange is not advocate piracy it's
actually that they're not I'm just teasing they're not licensing I want to
find out more about this Bomani party because basically you went over to a
a stranger's house. I sang, Rob. People that stalk us on the internet, right?
You gotta find the... A few people in the listeners.
Yes, okay, so message to our listeners, stalking us works, and...
I was hanging out with a lot of the people, though, were people from DDR Freak.
Well, no, that's cool. But, I mean, you've got the moderatorship
on DDR Freak, so a lot of people know who you are over there, and then, you know, we're
starting... The show's getting pretty big over there, thanks to the syndication on Friday
nights over there on freak radio so well um it was just a bunch of people I met a
lot of good people um we I mean we basically were just playing eight style
played uh now I brought out karaoke revolution now you don't sing karaoke I
don't but I got the line from the adventures and babysitting nobody leaves
without singing the blues and and that's all it took you didn't they didn't have
to feature Guinness or anything? I was begged. They didn't make a drink Guinness or anything?
You just did it perfectly sober? I was just thinking it was going to be about another
year before I'm back. And you knew that there were no recording devices present. So I sang
Bizarre Love Triangle. Oh no, that's a good song. Yeah. Now see, you missed some karaoke
action here on the show last week. No, I didn't miss it, I'm sorry. Thing, right. No, I actually,
Loki's still pissed at me over it by the way. I actually was gonna be the
trying to tune in on my laptop but um I had promised my mama son I was gonna
take her to see The Grudge which after having since I was glad I saw Julian
first very glad I saw at first because then um it was neat noting the
differences in the movie I'm not gonna spoil it for anyone who hasn't and
actually the thing is that pissed me off is that I don't know the reason why they
think they have to explain every single last fucking detail to a U.S. audience, when it's
the not knowing that is the messed up part of the movie. Even so, I thought it was very
good, and even better, especially since it was done by the original director. So, we
did that. I went to Steak and Shake. Steak and Shake is the best place ever.
What? Steak and Shake...
Only in the South, would you have a place called Steak and Shake?
it's these thick hamburgers really good it's like a little diner type place but
you can get these humongous milkshakes they make a half-and-half but it's
literally split down the middle half one side is one flavor half the other is the
other so I actually mixed it up and had banana eggnog huh oh god it was good
that was orgasm in the glass anyway no it didn't taste like tuna
She's like, banana and egg mugs.
Damn it.
Anyway, I got to meet lots of good people,
had a really good time.
Monday, my brother was being an ass the whole time.
So he's, yeah, I'm not too proud of my brother, Matthew.
But I talked to my brother, Phil, while I was there.
He's supposed to be down for Christmas, I think, and he's getting married.
Well, he's already married.
This is my brother who's a Marine, and his life's a Marine,
and they're actually going to Texas to have a humongous big Mexican wedding.
I'm going to go, because this is going to be a big party.
Will there be margaritas involved?
Likely.
Awesome.
Actually, people that know me pretty well know that I'm actually not a big tequila fan.
I'll drink margaritas because you can barely taste the tequila, but I cannot stand straight-up tequila.
You know, you had that cheap shit here.
But I still don't like tequila. You can give me Cuervo, I don't care, I still don't like it.
I can do shots of tequila. I think it's nasty unless...
I like the Bula Gave tequila.
that uh the stuff that Anita had way back at the nasty house but uh it's
pretty good um I went back to New Orleans on a Tuesday hung out with my
mommy I fussed at my mom it was fun and then Jamie Fuss had the most long
boring flight back and like the last leg of my I hung out at the Dallas Airport
for nearly two hours. Airports aren't so bad now though. They have Wi-Fi there. Yeah, they got Wi-Fi.
I was just chillin' on my laptop. And not just that, but you know, just everything there is to do.
They're practically shopping malls as well, though I would never buy anything there, but it's fun to
look. You know, airports aren't that bad anymore. Well, some of them are. Yeah. But I was, I was having a
pretty good time, I mean, and then I got on a plane. I read the entirety of Ramsey's the Damned
on the plane. It's just I have to say safely the best Anne Rice book because all the rest
of her stuff since is kind of crap. It's been gay porn. Yeah, but it's also crappy. Really
crappy. Woman needs to get her groove back, not rest on her name. Although I did read
the first novel of her Sleeping Beauty book. Very interesting, very interesting. Anyway,
That was my trip.
The rest of the time I finished homework, put up with stupid crap.
You talking about that Bahmani party makes me nostalgic.
Remember when we used to do that stuff at the old studio, which was a really great house
for having parties?
We'd have the Bahmani parties.
We need to do that shit again.
Yeah, we do.
I mean, we actually, we kind of had a Bahmani party last night.
I mean, it wasn't like a hardcore Bahmani party, but I'm sure we'll get to that as we
go on through How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day.
Do you remember the stuff I would bring with me?
Oh yeah.
I remember you brought your Dreamcast pads to one party.
Yes I did.
That was insane.
I said, okay, this is what DDR was like in the old days before we had this vivid nonsense.
I remember when one of our old guests used to be on the show that, Samya Magus, when
he put on his girlfriend's top and was playing Para Para Para Dies and the picture made some
rounds on the internet after that.
And I remember Loki would haul his computer and his Delight Delight reduplication and
his pads he'd made for it.
I'm nostalgic.
I would carry around the drum mania, keyboard mania, 2DX controller, the bunch of games.
All of the old beat mania is my ass keypad.
Do you think that when this DDR thing is dead, which could happen any day now, do you think
the money parties are still going to be going on now we'll just go back to porn
get this
we'll just have to go back to the orgies you're right
how silly of me to ask
you know i have to get that copy of uh... of allie mcfeel again
that was funny anyway anything else you want to share about your week and your day
uh... no right along alright
hey it
Hey, it had a cameo by Ron Jeremy.
Everything has a cameo by Ron Jeremy.
Oh my god, I was looking up, um, there's a site online that's like these, uh,
just paper dolls online and I was trying to make a new avatar for myself
on, uh, my live journal.
And I accidentally came across the real doll site.
Oh god.
It's very, very icky.
I have a request for a new DDR Freak avatar
because the gay pimp one you made me is really cool.
I have a request for a new one. I want Xander from Drawn Together, just to make Seager jealous.
From what?
Drawn Together, that show on Comedy Central.
From what?
Oh girl, you are so far behind.
I do not have anything but basic channels, but local channels.
You're missing out, it's a funny show.
And I think the TV is retarded.
I don't even watch Survivor or The Apprentice or any of that reality bullshit anymore.
Drawn Together is the only show I watch.
Oh, and when did Hell Freeze over?
I know, I know.
You wanna talk about how I'm freezing over? I came this close to joining a gym on Friday.
For the people who didn't have that visual, Rob held his fingers the length of...nevermind.
He's not gonna talk about that.
Shut up.
No, because we don't bring up old drama.
Yeah.
What?
Andrew says that when you said Xander, I started thinking of Buffy.
anytime soon especially when we we just got like ultra mix 2 and the home
versions are looking very promising for the future I don't think DDR seriously
gonna die but I think it's um it's a little more cultish maybe I don't know
we'll see I also have an announcement yes I no longer am on the Atkins crap
well not crap it's good for a lot of people it was not good for me so I can
have sushi again. Congratulations. Sushi is wonderful. And, and, and, and, and, and,
and. Nothing else. Okay. Oh, Rob. Yes. Rob. Yes. Rob. What? Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob,
Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob. Hi. I'm back! Damn. Angel, how was your week? How was your
Give me a ferret to throw.
Angel, how was your week? How was your day?
School was school, and...
Oh, nothing. Saturday was nice.
I just wanted to waste the week away until Saturday came, because...
Well, I had a birthday.
Come on, everybody. Yay.
Yay. Yay.
Not.
Actually hanging out with everyone was great, and we had played lots of Bumani, 8 style, and Poppin 10.
So I got to see those for the first time, that was pretty cool.
And the best thing of all was obviously hanging around with people they don't usually get to hang around with, so that was good.
And just enjoying my birthday weekend so far, I guess.
Now, Bradley, how was your week? How was your day?
Alright, this week was work
of course. And an interesting thing happened at work. There was
a person, my kind of work is sort of a training
people to do stuff. So when the students came back, he had to question before
to do a test, a state test for his line of work he wanted to
get into. And they come back and ask him questions and
the instructor, he and the instructor had a nice
somehow a disagreement or something about the instructor doesn't like this guy.
So he actually misspoke and said that he didn't like him.
So this caused him to get really angry and
start ranting and raving and then he had to go outside, the manager had to take him
outside and talk for like an hour, try to calm him down.
They came back on Friday and his wife told him to bring along some candy just to give
to us or something like that.
And he comes back and, okay, he's like, hell, here's this candy.
And then he comes, and then he starts watching this big thing about discrimination.
He discriminates against me.
He doesn't like me for some reason, some bullshit like that.
And so, me and the perceptionists
are in their room and he's like, I don't know, something kind of weird
shit like that. So, good thing the boss came in
like a minute later and then started to talk to him
so we could sneak out. So, I went out in the hall for about
an hour while they discussed something over and over again. Because this is the kind of guy
who just like says the same thing like ten fucking times to try to make some sort
point that no one gives a shit about, because he probably overreacts everything. And thankfully
after that, about an hour, they moved into the office and talked another hour and a half
or so.
Were they getting paid for this? To talk?
Well, it's a business, though. It's part of the work...
I always found that humorous, when you know there's big fights going on and we have to
sit down and have a discussion, but we're all getting paid for it, type thing. We just
wasted three hours of productivity to talk out. Not that I ever get into disagreements
of people but you know
well i don't have anything to do it i just went out to the hall because i didn't want to get involved
and you got paid for it too
yeah so it was a nice one hour break
not doing that
just waiting until it cooled down
uh... okay and on monday i got katamari damacy
and that was a lot of fun
na na na na na na na na na na na na
sorry every time something
it's like
it's like how everybody says friends
you think of nbc na na na na na na na na
or when somebody says 90210
duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh
with katamari it's
nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah
shut up will you
no actually I think of that
I played that song too
played that most every day this week
actually I did play this every day this week
except for today
last night was the party for Angel and Anita
or DeeDee Archipolic
for their birthdays and that was a lot of fun because Navi brought over
8th style and
uh... popin' music
god bless the town's popin' music horror
we had to play on those arcade style controllers
yeah and uh...
and that was fun
I didn't do all that great on 8th style
because basically he had it up on a stand
and the TV was down like two or three feet
several feet away so
I haven't played in an arcade style controller in a long time.
And of course, there was the...
I just played the hard news songs.
What the hell is it called? Nebula Grasper? Nebula Grasper is a fuckin'...
impossible.
Well, at least for a first try, it's like, what the hell?
All over the place.
And I always love
non-Bamani peoples, like the people who don't really play 2DX and DDR and stuff, I always
love their reaction to stuff like that, because there were a few people at the party last night who
who don't really play DDR2DX and they were just kind of watching Navi playing and just
like he was just crazy. He was playing like Nebio Grasp or another or something and just
everybody was just kind of like, that's crazy. That is so crazy. Man, that's crazy.
Yeah, actually I played pop music for the first time ever because it's the first time
I've actually been to anything where it's been brought out and actually passed like
Mr. Loki, how was your week, how was your day?
Today did not start out too good due to certain events that have taken place outside of our
apartment complex in the street it was not fun we'll get into that later I'm
sure and then yesterday it was okay went and down tonight's ferry to go ghost
hunting supposedly and just walked around there for a little bit as fun
hiking and stuff Friday wasn't that good either grandparents or grandma died so
So, that sucked. Thursday, I can't remember Thursday. Thursday was okay, I guess. Most of the week I've been just playing Final Fantasy XI, leveling my summoner to 20, which I just finished right before the show.
And, um, what else have I been doing? I've played a little bit of Grand Theft Auto, finally passed this mission, and I couldn't beat for a while, and now I have to run errands for some pimp.
And, um, went and saw Closer. I'll get into that later. And, um, eh, that's about all.
It's been, like, kind of a week just crashing into the ground.
kostjamrh Have you used your machine to try and contact her yet?
old mine town, it's got like a bunch of dilapidated, not really a mine town I guess, they have
an old mill there that's kind of been, it's just the ruins of it. So we just walked around
there and they also have a very long, they have a 150 meter covered bridge which is pretty
neat and we walked down that and we went to their graveyard that was there and walked
around that for a little bit. But you know, I mean, these are just for, it was just kind
just to get out of the house, cause we, you know, we're looking for like an actual place that
my, my example was something that's more
trauma there than, you know, old, you know, cause not necessarily
just visiting any old place is not gonna work, you need to have something where
oh yeah, 50 people murdered there, you know, that kind of thing, um, just something
you know, traumatic, like uh, insane asylum or something like that, but you know
no luck with any of that stuff around here, so, oh well.
kostjamrh Is it this place the Insane Asylum?
The other things in the morning made me tired because I'm exhausted right now from having to wake up early yesterday and having to wake up early today.
Alright, my turn. My week and my day. I got to play 8th style and pop music 10 twice this week, actually, because I hung out with Navi on Monday.
I'll talk about those games a little bit later because I want to talk about my mommy stuff in a little bit.
But, Navi and I, after playing some of that, we got to go to the mall and I was going to help him do some Christmas shopping over at Arden Fair, which is a big mall in Sacramento. It's a huge mall.
And so, we ended up walking out of there. He didn't end up buying anything. He just kind of looked around us in different places.
And I fucking bought an iPod at the Apple store.
Because I wanted one, really. I wanted one really badly.
I'm still too away for my free one.
just buy a fucking iMac you know just join the cult I thought about it
actually it's a big fling piece of shit that doesn't do anything you make Apple
users cry unless you're in the graphics or media which you know this show
happens to be one of the pros are on Macs maybe we wouldn't have the freaking
buzz on a Mac anyway software either anyway besides the actual PC besides
Oh yeah, I have to emulate a good CD.
I just wanted an iPod, actually, because the stereo in my car broke a while back.
Actually, it was Segerd's Echo Image CD that broke my CD player in the car, actually.
Because it ate it and wouldn't give it back one day.
Once it heard Echo Image, it could hear no other music.
Basically, it's how it all boiled down.
So, it won't eject CDs anymore, and now it won't even play the CD that's in there.
luckily though it has an auxiliary port in it so I can plug anything I want in
there so I'm just like
fuck it I'm gonna get an iPod and I'll just use that as my car stereo so it's worked out
really well except for the fact that if you think somebody if you think I'm bad
when I'm talking on my cell phone and trying to drive you should see me when
I'm trying to find the song on my iPod I wanna hear and drive at the same time
it's beautiful and you know what they can
pass all the laws they want that say I can't talk on my cell phone and drive but
I don't see them making any law anytime soon that says I can't play on my iPod and try to drive at the same time so
Look out!
Actually I believe the law is operation of electronical devices while driving, so your iPod is included
God dammit!
Cause your car is technically an operational device that is electric
Extraneous, like, CD-p...well, like, laptops
Peripheral devices
Seegerd in our chatroom right now over at OrangeLawnTrader.com
He says that that day where my Echo Image CD got eaten by my car stereo player, he said
that that day kind of pissed him off, except for the Classic Gaming Expo and the little
girl that was hitting all the buttons on the restrooms that she rocked.
And that reminds me, I actually found the picture of Jamie doing that at Classic Gaming
Expo.
I had my heads in the air.
What was it, we paid you $10 to do it?
Yeah.
And I spent it on Pac-Land for the TurboGrafx.
Yeah, we bought some game for you, basically, for you to imitate a little girl.
I found the picture. I'm going to send it to Seagurd.
By the way, we're going to the Classic Gaming Expo again this year.
Even though...
It's in bowling game.
Even though last year was kind of...
The only reason that last year's was end was because they had that thing a few days before.
The Classic Gaming Expo this year is going to be in bowling game.
That means trips to network video.
And the store that sells the airsoft guns.
Alright, and I guess that was pretty much my week of my day. I spent a lot of time playing Final Fantasy 11 as well, because basically I got stood up Friday night, so I decided to wither away my sorrows inside a nice game of Final Fantasy 11, so that was fun.
I guess that's it. And then, well, of course, it was Angel's party, and, um, DDR Colic had a party on Saturday, and that was cool.
Although, I just don't know, I got really tired by the end of it, and I don't know what it was. We were playing Cranium, but it wasn't just regular Cranium, but it was Turbo Cranium, okay?
So, it's supposed to be, like, a faster version of Cranium, like one that you can play, like, in an hour.
freaking game took us three hours to play the last time I played cranium it
only took two turbo cranium ended up taking longer what in the hell is up with
that and no it's not because we kept taking breaks it just was a long-ass
game was no shorter nobody's gonna get this joke with you Rob but you can be my
puppet master anytime how foul hey how long did the I had ended up having to
leave around midnight because I was kind of afraid well a I was tired to be I was
I was afraid I wasn't going to be able to park when I got back here if I waited any longer.
But how was the rest of the night?
Good, we ended up playing Hear Me Out for the majority of the night.
I mean, we played Poppin' Ten also.
But yeah, that other game was kind of weird.
Also, a DD alcoholic made sushi from scratch.
It was really good, but it was kind of interesting because she used wieners in it.
She used hot dogs instead of fish.
She put hot dogs in there.
But it was actually really good.
It was kind of weird.
I just thought it was neat.
It was very resourceful.
It was a good idea.
Anyway, we're going to take a break.
When we come back from this break,
we're going to talk a little bit more about 2DX8 style.
We're going to talk a little more about Pop Music 10.
I want to play the new remix of I Feel for you guys.
We played it on Thursday night, but I
know nobody listens to Outside the Box on Thursday night.
But more of you guys listen tonight.
So we're going to play the new I Feel mix from Service Pack.
Song Pack 7 from UltraMix 2 because a lot of people don't want to hear that, so we're going to play that for you guys.
And plenty more when we come back from this break.
In this break though, some music from DDR Festival.
Because we haven't really gotten to hear much music from DDR Festival yet, but we have some songs for you guys.
We're going to hear Superstar, Diamonds, and Cutie Honey on this break.
We'll be right back.
Honestly, I didn't bother to buy Festival.
I didn't think there was enough in it for me because I have Xtreme and I have an Xbox.
So and I had ultra mix one which were a lot of songs came from but festival certainly has some quirky little songs in it
Doesn't it?
Interesting, so I have to say although I love superstar
I it's almost worth buying the mix for that but not really because that's like 80 bucks
Yeah, it does have different steps for a lot of the songs that were on ultra mix one
But I don't know with with them
Honestly with ultra mix to now and the fact that you can make your own edits
I have a feeling that any day now we're gonna start seeing those steps to get uploaded to Xbox Live
So I'm not really too concerned about it. It's just somebody has to take the effort and that person's not gonna be me cuz I'm lazy
Anyway, uh
2d x8 style got a chance to check it out over at
Navi pop music or he has I got to check it out earlier this week and man do I suck at 2dx now
I mean seriously, I haven't played 2dx. Seriously, you know quite a while. I didn't really get into 7th style
I played at one time a
A lot of this has to do with the fact that my controller is broken, and I'd rather buy myself a lot of other useless crap, like iPods and things like that, than buy a new 2DX controller.
And I seriously think that's the reason that I haven't been playing a whole lot of 2DX.
The 8 style is pretty sweet, I gotta say. It has a lot of great new songs in it.
Those of you guys that listen to this show regularly, you already know how I feel about Everyday Lovely Day, like I love that song.
And then of course it has a bunch of 2DX Red songs in it.
Well, not a bunch, but three, which I consider to be a bunch for, you know, preview, because
usually it's only like one or two.
And then, some of the new consumer videos are pretty funny.
Like Step Into the New World, I don't really like that song a whole lot, the song kind
of, meh, but the video's pretty great, like with the anime and everything and the guy
running down the street, and he uses his computer animation technique that's very interesting,
like it turns these 2D settings into 3D, kind of like Parappa the Rappa, it looks like that,
except not drawn.
I guess that makes no sense whatsoever, I don't care.
And then also another video I love is Love Box.
I don't know if you guys got to see this video at all, but Love Box is the one that has,
I think it's Meg, and one of her cohorts or something, I don't know, an uncredited person.
They're dressed up as these like Austin Powers dance chicks, kind of.
Like they're all dressed in these like 60s hippie, like things you'd see on Laugh-In.
You remember that old show Laugh-In?
Like when the people would be dancing?
It was kind of like that, and they're just driving around the city and singing, and they're
wearing glow bracelets and stuff.
It's really great.
Love, Fox.
I highly recommend this one.
Although the song kind of sucks, but the video is great.
So you guys have gotten to play 8 style a little bit, too.
What do you guys think of 2DX 8 style?
I just suck at letting me go to the barrow.
Oh, I remember that song was so great.
And the scene kept falling out of my lap.
I miss arcades.
Were you playing on a regular, like, little controller?
Yeah. See, Navi has one of those arcade-style controllers, so you don't have to put it in your lap.
But they're kinda loud, like, they're really...
those arcade-style ones are really loud. Like, you could hear that thing probably
outside, like, a mile away.
Clack, clack, clack. But...
That's pretty neat. And sometimes it kinda overpowers the music.
But it plays beautifully. It plays so beautifully.
Arcadia, what do you think of 2DX8-style?
pretty nice
something you think you might have to break down and purchase
I already have purchased it
oh have you? I haven't gotten it yet
you probably mentioned it, I forgot
yeah, I mentioned it like two weeks ago
that's right, I forgot
uh... any
particularly favorite consumer songs that you like, any of these songs?
I haven't heard them enough to truly say yet
I played a new seven star, I think it was uh... don't be afraid myself was one of
like it's the J-pop one, it's got a really, it's actually got a pretty cool video to it.
That song was great!
It's got a pretty cool video to it.
Didn't they have a video in the bathroom?
In the shower?
I think so.
It looks like they were dancing in like a locker room shower.
Yes, I think that might have been it.
I could only kind of half-see the video because I was trying to play the song.
That song was cool!
Yeah, the song is cool, but man, I fucked up that song so bad.
Like it really shows like how out of it on 2DX I am because I can't sight-read anymore.
Like I was able to play Attitude and Star Dream and all these songs I used to play all the time on 8th style.
I was able to play those just fine.
was just fine. But man, throw something new at me, and I just, like, the rhythms and everything
didn't make any sense to me. It was so sad. I cry for my 2DX skills. But Dancer, 8th style
was worth it just to be able to play Dancer again. Although, is it just me or is something
kind of weird at the end of the video? Like, it freezes kind of at the end of the video.
He doesn't, like, I remember it kind of faded out in the arcade. Maybe I'm just crazy. I
don't know. But a lot of 8th style machines had broken videos in the first place, so it's
probably the first time a lot of people got to actually play 2DX with the videos. I don't
Pretty cool. Angel, what were your thoughts on GXA style?
Love Is Orange, Attitude, and A. That's all I have to say.
I used to watch you guys play that all the time and I was always all envious. I still am, so yeah.
A is technically a 7th style song, but it does make a repeat in 8th style.
It's interesting, they took some of the most noteworthy 7th style songs, like A and Stoic,
and they ended up repeating on 8th style after all. So now I'm kind of like, do I really
need to get 7th style? But then I remembered, yes, I want to hoard Beauty of Silence in
the privacy of my own home, is basically what it boils down to. Just like, remember the
old arcade days? Frickin' everybody hoarded Beauty of Silence. Well, almost everybody.
I know I was a big part of that, but. Like, Player's Best would be 511, because all the
in 9 was way cooler where you could walk around and unlock things and play songs and stuff.
I was a little disappointed by that. But the song list was pretty good in 10. There's a
lot of great songs I love in 10. Of course, Goonies. We hoard that song like crazy here
on Orange Lounge. Arrabatia, the Revenge song. Love that song. And I actually passed it on
what's the second one up? Not EX. That's the third one up. Hyper? Is that the second level?
It's like Basic and Hyper. See, I don't know my pop music. It's so sad. The middle one.
Wherever it's ranked, like a 30 or something, 29, 30, I don't remember.
Somebody needs to get me $1,000 for Christmas, so that way I can buy an ASC for 2DX, an ASC for pop music, and then import 8 style and as many pop music as I can before I'm bankrupt.
So if you guys want to get me $1,000 for Christmas that would be great.
Did you get to play Poppin' Ten at all at that party that you went to, Jamie?
They're not Poppin' Ten.
Oh, I thought maybe.
I bought Poppin' Nine with me, but we ended up not playing it.
Oh. Okay. Well, what did you think of Poppin' Music Ten, Angel?
It was pretty, and watching Navi play is just insane.
He plays faster than anyone else I've seen, you know.
I just ended up watching it because I knew a lot of people wanted to play
Pop N' Ten, so I just kind of left it at that.
Plus we were busy with Cranium anyway, so, you know.
Yeah, by the way, if anybody wants to call us
we just opened up the Skype line if you want to figure out what that's all about.
Head on over to www.orangelaunchradio.com and click on interact with us.
And we want to take some phone calls asking you guys that have gotten a chance to play 8th Style or Pop Music 10
10 what you guys think of it I have to say that the final verdict on 10 I kind
of I mean obviously I need to play it more and obviously I still want it but I
still think I kind of like 9 just a little bit better I just think 9 had
some it was just set up a little better just kind of had some better songs but
10 is really good don't get me wrong I would still buy 10 in a heartbeat but I
just think I like 9 a little bit better but anyway Arkadian you got to play a
little bit of pop in ten what'd you think real fast hi you're on orange
on this radio hey there sky figure here hi sticky how you doing and I'm doing
fine you know what I what I finally figured out what you were talking about
last week with the 2d x8 style you remember how you said there was
something in it that looked like extreme u.s. and a lot of people in the chat room
well what the fuck is he talking about you remember that yeah I got what you
meant now it was the menu in the beginning kind of had that like round
wheel thing. Yeah, it's a menu. Gotcha. So, you got your copy of 8-Style, yes? Yep. And how have you been
enjoying it? Yeah, I'm enjoying it. It's really good. I was one of the lucky ones who got the 2DX Red
E-Amusement card, because after November 18th, they don't have it anymore. Really? Yeah. So, is there
anything special about the card, or is it just the fact that, hey, I got a card? Actually, I wanted to
used as a 2DX or an e-amusement card at AI because they have the e-amusement card readers.
That's what I heard. Now, I'm actually going to be able to go to Arcade Infinity next week,
I'm hoping.
The e-amusement card over there.
Well, it's out. I'm thinking about it.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah, think about it.
Yeah, recently I double A'd a V35 on 7key.
See, V35 is one of those songs I used to be really good at, but then I just suck it up
Now what is that you're holding up there, a Namco?
My Tekken 5 character data card.
Get on topic!
No, it's cool.
Have you gotten to play pop music 10 at all?
Uh, no.
The last time I played a pop music was pop music 9 back in San Francisco.
See, but isn't pop music 9 great?
I think so anyway.
Uh, so anything else you want to share about 2DX8 style, your experiences you're having with it?
Well, um...
There's a thing about getting the hidden songs, the 2D expert songs, you don't have to, about the easy thing, it turns out to be false.
What do you mean?
You can't play easy songs by unlocking a, by using an easy option.
So you can't play an easy to unlock those songs?
You can!
oh you can
yeah well shit that makes it easy doesn't it
and what is the requirement again to start unlocking some of these 2d x red songs
because I actually don't remember
uh... play at least about a hundred songs
to unlock spiral galaxy and taiyo
wow a hundred songs
well yeah just mostly light sevens or you know light seven to light
to seven key songs
i'm not afraid of playing seven key i've got to play some more to get better at it
it, I think it's... Play more Light 7, just for the heck of it. I would play, now see
Light 7 would be the kind of thing I would play to whore my VJ Army account up, if I
had one. Hypothetically, if I had one. I'd be all, look at all these triple A's I got!
Of course it was on Light 7, but man, I'm good. Cause I know, I know that there's people
out there that do that. I mean, but that's okay, you know, Light 7's are songs too, you
have every right
and uh... there's another for random plus
you have to play at least a hundred songs to unlock random plus
and what exactly does random plus do again for those that
uh... random plus is where the turntable is now included in the shuffle
okay i gotcha oh that would be
that would be so hard if you got some scales that oh god that's so crazy
especially you know especially war game
hahaha
I hate that song. I can only imagine. War game on seven key was never a big
problem for me. For some reasons,
scratching, I'm like, I'm okay with it. I like that.
Checking you out was the second seven star I ever beat and now I understand it's an
eight star.
So like, I beat an eight star like when I was beating my first seven star. That is so
crazy to me.
But for some reason, scratching has never bothered me. After you play a hundred songs with
random,
just hold the key too
and then wait for the random to go red. And that's how it works?
Yeah, that's how it works. So, those of you guys that are feeling a little crazy and want to play some
random with the turntable,
there you have it. Hmm, interesting. What would you say would be your favorite new
video in 2DX8 style? I haven't seen all of them because I'm really busy playing
70 songs. But I like Nebula Graspa a lot.
Nebula Graspa's got a pretty good video to it. It's one of those futuristic,
Typical kind of thing. It kind of reminded me of Hyperboundary 8 a little bit, because, you know, that was an LED song too, and it had all the futuristic graphics with it.
Kind of reminded me of that a little bit.
And I bought a 2DX Rare style. I really like Spiral Galaxy as well.
Now, were you able to get the V-Rare when you got it?
Oh, no, no, I didn't. Just the regular one I ordered.
Oh, okay. All right. Well, anything else you want to share about the 2DX 8 style?
Well, nothing much else.
All right, well, we'll talk to you later then, I guess.
Have a good one, Ziggy.
All right, later.
Later!
I like getting phone calls.
That was fun.
All right, people say in our chat room right now,
they're talking about 2DX too much.
Well, it is the news that's going on right now, you know, you guys.
But fine.
We're going to talk about a little bit of DDR.
We're going to try and get the, I feel, the new remix for you.
Look, he's going to get that taken care of during the next break, right?
Yeah.
Good.
Then I guess we're going to go to a break so we can get that song.
We're gonna hear some music from DDR Festival, some more music, including-
Yes, Jamie.
What?
Oh, we'll do the second mix break in a bit, but I wanna get the festival stuff taken care of first.
Yes, I did threaten the chat room with some butterfly, and I know that's first mix, but I wanna get that in there too, at some point.
Hahaha.
So, we'll see what you can do.
But, uh, in this break, a different version of Udonu....
I can't even say this, you know the Captain Jack song from Fifth Mix?
Udonu pum pum pum pum?
Uh, uh, uh...
Yeah, that song. There's like a new version of it in Festival, so we're gonna hear this.
I haven't heard this one yet, so I gotta check this out. A remix of I Need You, which was
a song that was kinda eh in the DDR Max 2 USA, but we'll hear it, see if it's any better.
Here's the thing about I Need You, and it wasn't in, well, yeah, Max USA. This was the
one that was on the V-Rare for the last mix. Alright, that wasn't too bad. Alright, so
we'll check it out. We're gonna check out these songs and we'll be back, and we're gonna
talk a little bit more about Ultramix 2, some of the news there, and play that new song
from Ultramix 2.
And of course the Cage match, FUs of the Week, all that good stuff coming up.
And in the chatroom they're saying, look, since you're so white, Sky, just say, Dance
Team, pom-pom-kolin.
And even that I can't say right.
I wasn't cut out for radio, what can I say?
We'll be back.
Crazy.
Anyway, we are going to be playing the new I Feel remix.
We ripped it during the break there, Loki, our tech masa is working on it right now trying
to get it all perfect I said we should just rip it out of edit mode but
apparently if you try to rip it in edit mode it cuts off the very beginning
little speech thing because it starts up with do you feel it like it sounds like
one of those like speaking spells or something saying it and that Loki was
like no we can't have that so he made us go back and do it in edit mode so
whatever that's fine at least we'll have it we can put it in rotation on our
Bahmani musical more program which airs 24 hours a day seven days a week on this
station when we're not here also speaking of live programming Monday
night we have Diversion the Bamani remix show featuring professionally done remixes, amateur
remixes and all that fun stuff. Monday night, 7 o'clock here on the station. A lot of really
just original music I think. Just really great stuff if you haven't heard it yet. Tuesday
night's on the station, Dark Sakura. She was off last week but she's back. At the pump
of the volume where I just go crazy and play whatever. Although if you're in our chat room
you can make a request and if I think that it doesn't totally suck ass I'll play it.
amen to that
and then uh... wednesday night
as the oldie and moldy orange lawns radio show where basically we play a show from
two years ago for your listening amusement
listen to how much we used to suck if you think we suck now like we really
sucked then
and then um... thursday nights outside the box at seven o'clock
myself rice princess and lanky style talking about the latest and greatest in
video gaming
this last week was a pretty good show you missed a good time if you missed this week
we had a we had a good time
uh... and then friday night
It's not on this station, but it's over on The Freak on DDR Freak Radio.
The Rewinds, in case you missed a previous episode of Orange Lawn's radio,
you can catch it over there, up to date.
Actually, the show they're going to be playing this Friday is last week's show,
which was the one where we had the Midi Head interview.
If you guys missed the interview with Midi Head,
awesome guy, awesome interview, you have to check it out.
So go listen to Freak on Friday.
Also, the karaoke cage match, by the way, was on last Friday.
And of course, Loki won.
Was there any surprise in anyone's mind?
I don't think so.
Moving right along.
I've got to plug the LiveJournal community,
because we haven't plugged that in a while.
If you guys have a LiveJournal, which
I know a lot of you do in this day and age,
we're starting to move into a LiveJournal-y centered
internet, head on over to our LiveJournal community.
It's just username OrangeLounge on LiveJournal.
And if you join it, you get some of the latest announcements
on what's going on the station.
Sometimes we propose ideas for changes
to the station on our LiveJournal,
and we get your feedback there.
So it's a nice little community.
It's a way for you to meet other listeners of Horns on the Radio.
Crazy people like us.
Let's see.
DDR UltraMix 2.
It's been a game we've been talking about a hell of a lot
lately, I've got to say.
But Song Pack 7 came out this week.
Finally, a lot of us were expecting
that Song Pack 7 was going to be out when the game came out.
But for whatever reason, there was a delay.
Sounds like there might have been some kind of bug
that prevented things.
I don't know.
A lot of people bitching and moaning because Song Pack 7 has a lot of old songs in it.
We were talking about this a little bit last week.
But Song Pack 7 has End of the Century, and Las Deñarita, and Silent Hill.
A lot of old, classic DDR songs, but I guess played out to a lot of people as well.
An era as well.
So you get some tack, finally, in DDR Ultimate 2.
But a lot of these songs, since they're old, they're kind of played out.
they're getting a lot of kind of negative feedback from folks out there
even though I don't know I think it's kind of neat because a you get them 60
frames a second B you can play them on Xbox Live now not that I'm a huge fan of
any of the songs really I like era don't get me wrong I love era but then there's
this new remix of I feel the junk circuit mix which is pretty interesting
because junk circuit is another artist that's over on a different drum the
background for this song has like the website address you may have noticed a
a lot of the different drum songs a lot of those like the Jesper kid a lot of
the lot of the new songs ultra mix to have websites in their backgrounds so
it's kind of interesting that we're getting those in some of the song packs
as well but I think in visiting junk circuits website I think there's
actually a lot in common between junk circuit and Naropa who does the song
standing still in time because they have the same website contact email so kind
interesting all right anyway they're telling us in the chat room to stop
talking about the song and play the damn thing already that's fine we'll get to
it I'm going to copy it over right now mochi's put the finishing touches on it
so we'll go ahead and play that for you but really first lucky what did you
think of this remix you didn't like the other one why is that it was the other
one just got stuck I don't know it was just kind of not much different I do
like this one a little bit better too but I kind of like the old one as well I
got to admit so I don't know what do I know all right hmm I got a copy it over
I guess there was a big tournament on on ultimate to tonight online there's a lot
of people talking about it over on TDR freak I missed it it wasn't something I
knew I'd get my ass kicked so I didn't want to participate but I guess it went
pretty well want to hear all right I'll stop talking and start playing here it
It is Orange Launch Radio presents the brand new I Feel remix. It's the Junk Circuit mix. Enjoy, you guys.
Do you feel it?
Who did that again?
Uh, that was Junk Circuit.
Um, I like the original better.
I think a lot of us can agree that the original is a little bit better. Nothing ever tops the original.
It's like when you remake old movies.
Oh, Loki says it does top the original. Well, I disagree!
Nothing tops the Kiryamoga.
What'd you think of that, Bradley?
I liked it, except I think that the...
I feel that the whole...
Hold the bottom of the mic, it's breaking up a little bit, the cord's loose.
That's alright, we're ghetto here, we don't have good equipment.
Oh, now you're cutting out completely.
Uh...
There you are.
Am I here?
Yes, you're here.
No, now you're gone again!
No.
Well, we need to buy a new mic, I think, something's going on.
Steal this one real fast.
D'oh. That one's dying.
I'm gonna cry for that microphone.
There we go, try that one.
Yeah, that was pretty good.
Except for I think that little computer I feel in voice is a bad touch.
If they left it out it would make it better.
Jazz in our chatroom agrees with you.
He says the whole can you feel it samples just sounds fucking cheesy is what he says.
Yeah.
And Jamie's yelling from the laundry room that she agrees.
Yeah. So overall I like it.
Yeah, I think it's pretty good. I think the Can You Feel It is a little weird, but I don't know. It's different.
I'd give them points for trying. It's a good remix. It's a fun song to play.
The steps are kind of interesting.
It took something good and added a bunch of extraneous crap to it.
The steps... Is there any DDR remix that you've liked so far?
I like the Let This Face one that you interviewed last week.
Midi Head?
okay all right yeah what's his face I know you'll get you'll get to talk to
the next CD alright we're hoping we have many head back at some point actually
but actually if you guys missed it I know that right now he's gonna he agreed
to do an interview with DDR freak so if you go on to the game console games what
is that VDR console games forum there's a little sticky announcement thingy where
you can ask me to hit a question so if you missed getting your question last
week because we took some questions from our listeners but if you missed your
chance to ask me to hit a question they are taking question submissions right
now so go check that out if you like what you think of that remix angel you
like everything so I know you're gonna have something good to say about it
well I like the first one from Silent Hill when we first did that one
That one when the other one came out, I liked that one, so what do you think my answer is going to be this time?
Come on. What do you think?
Ten?
Yeah.
You're such a Bobani whore. I love it.
What?
You said you called her a whore.
You make it sound like it's the first time. Come on.
All right, I want to take some calls on the Skype line.
If you want to give us a call, head on over to www.orangelandreo.com
and click on Interact With Us.
I'm kind of curious about some of your guys' feedback on Ultra Mix 2,
specifically Song Pack 7, if you've had a chance to check it out.
Any online experiences you might have had on Ultra Mix 2,
and even if you want to talk about a DDR festival,
because we haven't talked a whole lot about DDR festival,
and that's just because none of us in, I don't think,
a single person in Sacramento, that I know of anyway, has bought the game.
We don't know what to say about it.
And to add to that, if you'd like to talk about drawn together as well.
No, that's not...
What?
I have a thing, no I don't.
Shut up.
Did you ever get a chance to play Ultra Mix 2, Jamie?
Did you guys pick that up at your place yet?
No.
Are you gonna get it?
It's fun.
Dot, dot, dot.
It's fun!
Maybe.
You should.
The house is going to be arranged in Halo 2 land position.
I have no room to put any dance pads or anything.
Look at this place!
Hello!
You can see the hard dance.
You have infinitely more room.
Dance class normally in my living room we have the TV on one wall, the couch on one
wall and the loveseat back on the far wall.
Well now the loveseat and couch are back to back with just enough room to have a place
to put your legs in an Xbox between TVs. It is currently in land mode.
Except now they're talking about drawing together in our chat room.
You freaking ass, Loki.
Jerk.
Loki, now you keep telling me that you're going to start playing UltraMix 2,
because I notice that every time I've been playing it, you're like,
Yeah, I need to play that.
Yeah, I need to play that.
Are you actually going to be playing? Oh, we're finally getting a call.
You're on, you get a reprieve for now, but as soon as this call's done,
we're going to ask you about that.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Legend Zaku here. Hi Zaku, how are you? I don't have that much to share because
you know, as I said, you know, I'm a college student. Then get off the phone!
I don't have a PS2 or an Xbox. I might get one this Christmas but I'm kinda iffy on
which one
should I get, you know, Bomani-wise that is. So you don't have a PS2 or an Xbox, so you're
asking the
age-old question, which system should I get? No, but in
with regards to not only, you know, games but also Bomani as well.
If you're interested in something that's going to remind you of the arcade, something that's
gonna bring you the arcade experience to the home something where there's a lot
of different songs available something with itoy support if you want to get
your hands involved go for the ps2 if you want to get something where you can
play online and you want to play against other people that live around go for the
Xbox but here's the thing you being the starving college student that means
you're gonna have to pay for the Xbox Xbox Live and then five bucks a song
pack so I don't know what what are you yeah but also with the ps2 I might have
I have to mod it. I have to mod it if I'm going to play 2DX or any of those lovely but
modded games besides CD-R.
Well, that's very true, and that's going to cost you money as well, I mean, if you want
to play the Japanese game. And that's the other thing, if you plan on modding your PS2,
which, you know, can have mixed results, I guess I hear now it's pretty easy to mod it.
I live in the city. I live in the city. Chinatown's not that far, and I can always get it modded.
Alright, alright. Fair enough. So you can get a modded PS2. So if you're interested
in 2DX or Poppin' or any of that stuff, you're definitely going to want to get the PS2.
Here's the other thing to consider, too.
We have PS3 and Xbox2 likely to be out in stores before next Christmas.
We don't know for sure, but if I were a betting man, I would say those things are going to
be in stores next Christmas, which means the systems that are out there now, their prices
will be halved.
Or they'll be $100 or less.
Yeah, I probably already took notice of that, and I think 9th Style, if it does come out
next year for PS2. I don't know if it's going to jump into the next console or just be the
last PS2 2DX game.
I'm kind of hoping that there is a ninth style and a tenth style pretty back to back. I'm
kind of hoping that those games come out pretty quickly.
For PS2 or just one for PS2 and the next for PS3?
I hope they both come out. I think it's a given that PS3 will play PS2 games, so they
ought to just both come out for PS2.
Yeah, seeing as, you know, I already noticed that 2DX games come out, you know, there's always 2DX games coming out for PS2 every single year.
And basically, from what I'm speculating, from what I'm predicting, 9th Style might come out in May next year or something, or near the summer.
Who knows? Nobody really knows.
I'm taking a guess here.
Yeah, you're taking a shot.
I'm taking an educated guess from...
But, you know, alright, I think pretty much I...
Then again, 9th style would make a lot of sense on Playstation 3 because then they could
fuck up the timing.
By putting it on a new system, just like the arcade ones.
And if I get a PS2 for Bomani, I'm going to have to pay money for the 2DX controller,
Pop'n Music, so it's going to be equally the same if I'm going to try going after both.
Because one will have more peripherals and the other will have more services and things
to buy.
Now, also, to even confuse things even more, there's also the Phantom console that's coming
out and, um, the, how is that confusing? Who gives a shit about the Phantom? Seriously?
What the, what's that? Exactly, exactly. Hey, I've got pictures of the girl on orangeandreideo.com.
And I hear rumors, I hear rumors of the, um, N-Gage 2 that's shaped like a banana. I have
I've heard rumors of a foul movement I'm about to have after this show.
Here's the thing though, if you're looking for a system for Bamani, don't get a GameCube.
Of course not, hell no, GameCube is not worth the money.
Hey, don't you be knocking the GameCube, it's a beautiful system, it's not if you're into Bamani.
I mean, it's cheap, but I mean...
Don't make me come out there and cut you, because I will.
What, you're going to travel 3,000 miles?
to cut you? To cut you, yes.
Do you even know where in New York do I live?
I'll send my minions.
Yeah, sure.
Do you want a cookie for that, Sky?
We can track your IP!
That's right.
Live 365 has it all on record, I think.
Sure it does. What IP and what school am I going to?
You're going to the school of Hangup in about five seconds there, buddy.
Thanks a lot, Sky.
you're welcome. Take care of Zaku. Zaku is always fun to talk to. I like bullying him
a little bit. He's fun. He's a fun guy. Alright. We're going to go do the Orange Lawns Radio
cage match we got to get into that all right moving right along I've been
perusing some of the message forms out there lately DDR freak namely being one
of them I thought there was this very interesting thread over there in random
chat you know how they do a lot of like really crazy stuff over in random chat
you know the random chat stuff right right dark Sakura being a mod over there
and everything yeah what's this random that you talk about yeah we don't know
anything we don't know anything about random on this show what would you um
just had a curiosity this is total tangent but since you know I'm thinking
dark Sakura here and how much he loves to lock topics over there what would you
say would be the most favorite topic you've gotten to lock on random chat hi
please lock this yes I've had a please lock this before hi please lock this
alright there's an interesting topic going on there in random chats called do
you actually play DDR anymore and I thought it was kind of interesting just
seeing how many people actually don't play DDR anymore so I kind of was gonna
to go around the room a little bit and see, do you play DDR anymore? And if not, why are
you doing this show? Because I have a create, I'll start. Do I play DDR anymore? A little
bit, not as much nearly as I used to. I play a little bit of UltraMix II at home. Most
of my DDR playing is controller controller. The reason why I don't play DDR that much
anymore is because the quality of arcades in this area went downhill significantly.
Konami of Japan can suck it for not putting out a new mix in a long time. I think that
It has a lot to do with the reason why I haven't played DDR in a long time.
The home version is the only thing keeping it alive to me, but I just can't motivate
my fat ass to pull out the ignition pad, especially when the ignition pad, as good of a dance
pad as it is, it's still not the arcade.
I want to play DDR in the arcade, and there's no good arcade mix.
And yes, I realize there was that StepMania thing, but to me, it's still only 90%, and
the damn thing broke in a week anyway.
it's still not everything that DDR is, it's still got issues. In The Groove, it's okay,
but yeah, Ego killed the video game star I guess. Dark Sakura, do you play DDR anymore?
I played DDR when I was in Alabama. Well there you go. Do you play it regularly besides that?
When I'm somewhere that has a machine I'll play. I've got more reason to play now than
I played one game of DDR when I went to go play Doc at Derby Owners Club over at Rosewood
Golf Land, but here's the problem, I fucking failed Breakdown. Now, you know, it's a 9-footer,
it's a more difficult song at the end of the scale, but you have to remember, I'm somebody
who was playing DDR religiously for quite some time, and, you know, I, it just makes
me sad how much stamina I've lost, you know? Alright. Arcadian, do you actually play DDR
anymore? Not really just mainly because my foot's been hurting and and I've had
that and because I haven't had that much money lately no I know I might be able
to go once my foot feels 100% or 90% at least maybe in more in the
future because I've spent so long and I need to get off my fat ass when I sit
LOKI, do you play DDR anymore?
Is DDR in Final Fantasy XI?
A DICKED!
Yes I do, I'm StepMania, every once in a while I'll play it.
But, yes, to answer your question earlier about Xbox and stuff and if I was ever going to play it,
because I'm going to actually set up my step mania cabinet to be playing some stuff. In
fact, that's why I bought crap today to cut the other control panel for the actual, you
know, select arrows and stuff. That's why I was going to do that today. I'm hopefully
going to build that this week because I had bought a while back a new IPAC thing to hook
it all up and I have to see if it's going to get fried as easy as the other one. So,
it's all contingent on that, whether I get to play some more. I don't play in the arcade
because the arcade's too far away, takes too much of my time, cuts into my Final Fantasy XI time, and the arcade's broken all the time.
I'm not in a way fucking out of shape. I go and play like a seven-footer on doubles and I'm ready to die.
I mean, whatever happened to me? That's what I want to know. It never used to be this hard.
But once I get back in shape, yeah, I play a lot more. I just need to finish my arcade cabinets before I move out of here.
So that's priority one.
You don't play a whole lot of DDR in the arcade or at home anymore,
yet you're very gung ho about this cabinet and everything.
Why do you think that is?
Is it just a love for the basic concept of the game or like building stuff?
Have you noticed stuff that doesn't work like the portal to hell?
Also, I notice you intend to build things halfway through
and don't finish them. Such as these lovely metal pads that have been sitting over here
for the past... Can we play Xbox or PS2 games with them right now? We can if I hooked up
the other, the IPAC thing because all I have to do is switch out the old IPAC and it plugs
right in and it works. But the thing is, the thing is I haven't bought the adapter for
the Xbox or the PS2 yet because it was hooking up directly to my computer. But yes I could.
I could if I wanted to.
It just would take a while because I'd
have to wire everything.
But it's just that those things that I would be curious
how thick the layer of dust is on those metal pads that
are sitting right there.
Can I go wipe my finger on it and see
how much dust is on them?
Here you go, Loki.
They're also by the air intake, just so you know.
I have an idea, let me wipe the dust off of my computer desk here, because I get quite
a bit used to that.
I don't think it's great.
Let me wipe the dust off of every, there's dust everywhere in here!
It's not a surprise that there's dust on those.
That and they're right next to the air intake, which I'm sure is not good for the air conditioner
one bit, but that's alright.
No wonder it smells like wood in this house all the time, this strange mix of metal and
everything.
Alright, explicit.
Welcome to the show, by the way.
I noticed you just ran in there.
Put down the DS for a minute.
Quit chatting with Angel on PicoChat for a minute.
That mic's been giving us...
Yeah.
They are like...
What?
Eight feet?
What the hell?
This is what...
I think we're exchanging special pictures.
This is the wrong people.
You need to talk.
Talky talky.
You need to talk.
Just like the people IMing each other when they're sitting in a cafe.
Talk!
They're riding a penis back and forth to each other.
No Rob, that's you last night.
Thank you!
Thank you.
You gotta hold the mic at the bottom because it's going out tonight.
Put that mic on its last legs.
Can you hear me now?
Yes I can hear you now.
Do you play DDR?
Well, since there's been tournaments and stuff, and the few new people want me to come back again, I guess I'll play again.
Well, even though the DDR scene is dying in a way, because there hasn't been any releases for the arcade and stuff, it's totally understandable.
But, it's just the new people, the community, the new members are just trying to bring it back again in a way.
You give me $100,000, I'll bring back DDR. It's all again.
The only way that you can bring back DDR is by fixing the same mini-cabinet, dammit.
Fuck that, Kevin.
Just give me $100,000.
Hell, give me just $20,000 and I'll bring it back.
Don't you think that, now, call me crazy because it's not supposed to be DDR, quote unquote,
don't you think In the Groove was sort of a way to try to bring DDR back?
That's why I always got the impression I was in the groove with...
Even though it's not DDR!
Well, the thing about In the Groove is that not many cabinets have been sold around the US just yet.
And very few songs are in it, mainly just a test in the waters, and so in the Groove 2 comes out and stuff.
And it also depends on what step makers are they going to hire and what songs they're going to put in it.
Hell, if they put UltraMix, like UltraMix in the CD-R cabinet, I'd play it.
I already, the first week after UltraMix 2 is out, I put the call out on this show, I said we need to hound the shit out of Konami of Hawaii and however it has to happen.
it has to happen. I don't care if some arcade division went under or what the shit happened.
I don't care how it has to happen. It just needs to happen. Hawaii needs to make a new
arcade mix. End of story. I don't care who's got to be blown, who's got to be paid the
money. Make it happen. You know what's hella funny though? The hella companies are saying
that the whole arcade business is dying unless you're trying to do like this car system like
Tekken 5 and Midnight Tuner or Initial D. Yeah, but the lines for Tekken 5? Insane.
Honestly, you can't say Tekken 5 is not, I mean, despite how you feel about the Tekken series, it's, you know, the biggest crowd I've seen in an arcade in a long time.
I have no clue.
That's true.
You know, that's just like people saying, oh, well, you know, internet's killing the telephone. People still use the telephone just like people use the internet.
Yes, people still use the telephone and I talk to them. Sorry.
But the whole thing is is the convert, you know, ultra mix to an arcade system is like fucking easy
minimal programming licensing of songs
Build the hardware hardware is fucking easy to build. I mean, come on
That's just it's just an excuse but I just don't want to do it because they don't want to distribute it and that's a bit
The reason why I pump it up is like making more and more money just building new machines and stuff
So, allow me to be the first to offer sex to anyone at Konami of Hawaii if you can make
yourselves a new DDR game.
You know what, not the Konami of Japan does a bad job, so if they want to do a new mix,
I'm perfectly fine with that as well.
I will extend my sex offer to Konami of Tokyo as well, K-set.
So just make me a new DDR and I will put out, it's that simple.
else care to offer their sexual favors? You know, this is what the Sesame Office, they're
like, oh, this is too expensive to license songs here in America, I'm glad we can't do
it. Do all in-house music, you have like, what, like five different series of culprits?
Do what you've been doing for years, license the song in Japan and then let the machines
come over here. That's what they've been doing for years. Because it's cheaper to license
the songs in Japan, obviously, it's not meant to be played in the United States. They could
call it DDR shit mix and I'd still play it. I'm sorry, shitake. They could call it DDR
Takei Mix, I would still play it.
Angel, uh, you still play DDR at all?
You're probably more into DDR than anyone I know right now, so I have to ask you this.
Oh yeah, in fact I'm probably gonna
break down and get a dual platform technician
because I want to play on Xbox Live. So, uh, yeah.
I'm looking into getting both of those this week.
Ultramix 2 and a new pad.
Because Magus is dying anyway, so we'll just replace it.
Then we can play doubles and stuff.
Speaking of doubles, which is better, Ignition or Cobalt Flux?
I couldn't tell you because I haven't really played enough Cobalt Flux.
I saw it a little bit at E3, but I wasn't familiar enough with it.
They're both the same fucking pad!
The same damn thing with a different logo on it, that's all it is.
You can't get much different.
Oh, our metal is different than your metal!
What about the quality and how many times could it be stepped?
It doesn't matter, they're the fucking same.
The goal said not even a rhino could beat down the pad.
Oh yeah! Do they have a rhino to test this?
Do they take it to Africa and go, hey rhino! Step on the pad!
How do you like it? I mean, I'm sorry.
So I can say, yeah guess what? Jupiter has nothing on this pad!
This pad can fuck up Jupiter!
Seriously, they're just pulling the shit out of their ass, okay?
A rhino can't fuck this up. Oh, well, I guess what? Bigfoot recommends, you know, red octane. So, fuck that.
It's stupid. Really, to be honest, when it comes down to pads, don't buy off the internet.
Buy stuff that you can see at the store. Buy it like fries and stuff where you can actually see these pads.
Because of the shit you get off the internet. Because I have bought metal pads, you know, off the internet.
And, um, I stepped on them and they bent. They bent downwards. And I was like, what the fuck?
it was retarded pads are not meant to be folded in half
well talk about how they say SUVs can bust them on their advertisement
our chat room over at www.orangelaunchradio.com clicking on chat
interesting point there already is a DDR shit mix and it's the don't fall off mix
the DDR extreme bootleg either the one that would speed up or actually there's
two of them DDR extreme plus thank you yeah the one in country club land speed
Let's beat up Max300 and see if we can beat it at 360ppm, oh wow, or hear Cartoon Heroes
in a very high-touch voice.
You know what, this is the other thing, I want to change the topic, because this is
another topic I always see on Freak, and it comes up in many different kinds of discussions.
It doesn't just come up on Freak, I've seen it even in our chat room, I've seen it on
other sites.
What is the deal with Cartoon Heroes?
Why do so many people freaking love that song and are quick to label a mix as utter shit
if that song isn't in it?
I don't understand what's so great about the song.
Is it a good song?
Yeah, it's a great song.
It was a little better when Aqua did it.
But it's a good song.
Is it fun to play?
Kinda.
I mean, I'll die when I play it.
But why do so many people freaking obsess over Cartoon Heroes?
Do you know how many people threw a fit when that song was in Extreme USA?
look back in GDR history and view what we call the songs that ruin mixes. Starting with
third mix, Afronova! Who could love this wonderful African chant as you jump around like a complete
nut. Fourth mix, Kick the Can with this repetitive step over and over and over again.
there's another contributing factor one two three four oh oh seven yes you're
forgetting though my edit to kick the can aka big cans was awesome and made
that song redeemable okay as I would continue on to fifth mix hot limits the
song that's just you don't understand what they're saying but you know it's
very long. Anyways, DDR Max, I'd say probably that would be Exotic Ethnic. It was pretty
repetitive in DDR Max. Oh no, Flash in the Night. Yeah, that was another one. Flash in
the Night. Hold on, your mic is still cutting out a little bit. Hold it at the bottom. A
a little bit. Hold it at the bottom. Yeah, try it, try it. Put it close to the bottom.
There you go. That's the same reason why Cartoon Heroes got
bored. That's the same reason why So Deep is getting bored off with, like, DDR Max.
Because it's like hard as hell 9. I would say, I would say the song that ruined
DDR Max, even though I love this song, Cowgirl. Cowgirl, yes.
Max 2, Sagaru, and who could not forget the song that had everyone dancing.
Blow my whistle, bitch.
Oh, God.
Blow my whistle, bitch. Definitely ruined Max 2.
Okay, so, make your point, please.
My point is, I don't have a point.
The point is that there's always going to be a song that people...
It's catchy, and there's annoying catchy.
To be honest, I hate cartoon heroes, and I know there's fifty-
