Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh God!
Orange, man, her idiom lies
Since mommy talks radio
So much glory
Oh god
Heh heh heh, call me daddy
Orange Lounge may contain adult content
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of m-m-m-m-m-m-mucocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Why isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live!
And this is episode number 121 for this December the 5th of 2004.
You're tuned into the bee, Montezine's most longest running radio station of all things
be yeah my my name is Rob Roberts you might know me as Skye joining me as
always from my awesome co-host in this corner the happiest bunny on the farm
back from her vacation say hello to Dark Sacra oh my god they wanted to keep me
no you can't let them keep you I had grits real grits I ate at the waffle house and I had my hash
all she's missing is her accent. We'll talk more about the trip a little later on.
Also with us, as always, say hello to our tech master who is setting up the webcam right now.
Loki, let's try that again. Say hello to our tech master, Loki. Joining us tonight are some
very special guests. It's the usual crowd. Say hello to DDR Angel. Hello. That's a very
I'm really happy with Hello isn't it?
I know I want to talk about 8 Styles and I, Pop Music 10, because I got to play both those this week for the first time.
Of course, How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, Cage Match, all that fun stuff, when we come back after this break featuring music from DDR 3rd Mix, because 3rd Mix was cool.
If you want to join us in our chat room, there's quite a little crowd there already, head on over to www.orangelaungeradio.com and click on Chat.
We'll be right back, after this boys and girls.
I want to be your shooting man Left, right, left
The military staff The Air Force rep
There's something in his defense Go left, go right, don't think I'm knuckled
Left, go right, go left Go left, go right, don't think I'm knuckled
Left, go right, go left
Go left, go right, go pick up set, go left, go right, go left
I feel
I feel, I feel You are the only one that makes me feel this way
Yeah, we go
No out of situation
No information, information
No out of population
Information, information
You have to run, oh, you have to run
Oh, you have to run, oh, you have to run
Say, come give a chance
Get the feeling, let's do the rhythm move
Don't feel the groove, come on, dance
Jump, come on, let's jump
Let's dance, let's get the beat, let's move your feet and jump
How you feeling, baby?
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of
the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music and More program.
Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up the volume from Tuesday nights?
Except, of course, the subject that was just under discussion.
Okay, well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the tack music we play on the station?
I collect your fucking head.
Just like this fucker here.
Oh my God, why did you do that to Loki?
The Hawk thing on Episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, NOW'S THE FUCKING TIME!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
The lovely and wonderful Jamie there in that promo. Well, sorta.
Ash
NOW IS THE FUCKING TIME!
You remember way back during the first year of this program when somebody had talked about,
I want to say it was Dark Tetsuya was somehow involved with this, brought up the casting
of the Orange Lounge movie, and they took votes in the chat room and they said that
you should be played by Lucy Liu.
How ironic.
Which is, yeah, how ironic.
A little too ironic.
Especially considering you're not Asian at all.
No, but you know what, I finally got something new when I went to Alabama.
would be like me being played by Denzel Washington. That's funny. Anyway, sorry. Yes, Alabama.
I got, I believe it was, I thought you were taller. Alright, this is a good take away.
We've got to get into how was your week, how was your day, because I've got to figure out
about what this is all about. So, Jamie, how was your week, how was your day? My couple
of weeks were pretty decent. Very, very, very, very, very, very busy. Let's see, with my
On my trip to Alabama, I got there, my mom got us lost in the way from New Orleans.
We ended up heading up toward Hattiesburg.
There's something stuck in this thing.
Anyway, we ended up going up to Hattiesburg, and then right when mom realized where we
were, we had to go around a different way, so we headed home.
Got there, I didn't get in until six in the morning central.
That means I had been up an official 24 hours because I woke up at four Pacific in the morning.
My house crashed.
Next day was Thanksgiving, but we didn't do Thanksgiving stuff, we just slept.
And did some hanging out, you know, it was pretty cool.
Then on Friday I went to Dozen, saw my daddy, my uncle Dale.
My uncle Dale and my daddy are having their second childhoods.
My uncle Dale has a- AKA midlife crisis- 2004 Mustang GT.
My daddy has a Camaro.
My daddy is cute on the internet because they have this old 500 megahertz kind of crappy
thing.
My daddy is so cute playing on it because he just hunts and pecks with his little keys
and it's so cute.
And my daddy sends me everything in 72-point font in email.
It's adorable.
I used to be that way on AOL Instant Messenger.
I would type to everybody in a huge 72-point font, and they'd be like, knock it off!
But I figured my chats are very important, and I want to make sure that they're not missed.
Well, so Saturday, we had our official Thanksgiving at my uncle's house, and we had fried turkey.
Mmm.
Isn't that deep-fried turkey?
Deep-fried turkey.
You know how dangerous that shit is to make?
Oh, but it's so young.
My uncle had a very nice deep fryer with a lid and everything, and it was very gummy
because it makes all of the meat just super juicy and had all kinds of things that I'm
not supposed to eat.
Along the way to Dawson, though, I had boiled peanuts, and I passed by two movie galleries
and saluted them for you, Loki, like the single finger salute, but I had a really good time.
And then that night, I went to Ground Zero, which is a comic book store with gaming tables.
There were lots of people playing Yu-Gi-Oh!, and I felt really nerdy.
And then, but downstairs, there's like an arcade there.
It was pretty cool.
That's a very strange name for an arcade, in light of recent events.
Isn't it great?
Okay.
But there was a DDR Extreme, there was a Fourth Solo, there was a Virtual On, I played the
hell out of Virtual On, and a Super Pac-Man, and I had a DS Maniacs, and a BeatMania 6
It was a little bit of a Bahmani hotbed for the area, and this was in what town again?
In Mobile.
In Mobile.
Wow, okay.
For anyone living near Mobile, Alabama, it's off of Moffat Road.
Way the fuck out there on Moffat Road.
I would imagine anyone listening to this show in Mobile, Alabama, probably knows of that
place already.
I met Dork.
Did you?
Yes.
One of our listeners.
I met quite a few people.
Actually, I met the...
I'm supposing that he's in charge of the machines there.
He goes by Pyramus Online, very very cool guy.
I went to a Bamani party!
What?
You went to a Bamani party?
Yeah.
You just randomly got invited to a Bamani party down there?
They were all heading over so I went over and played Ace Style on a wide screen TV and
that was rad.
Very nice.
So you just, you went over to strangers houses to play video games?
Yeah, I actually lived about a block away from where my ex-remates lived.
Huh.
So it was very close.
And I went over, of course, to hang out with my mama's son and my papa's son, and K. Kitty
and Bobby, and we had a pretty good time.
We watched movies.
I saw The End of the Day After Tomorrow, and no offense, but that movie sucks.
I don't think so.
That's my very professional opinion.
I don't know a lot of people who are going to disagree with you there.
My mom loves the movie.
They love the movie.
I don't really want to put down anyone else's opinion of it, but my opinion of it is crap.
We also, I learned the fine art of DVD duplication.
And so I was able to deliver a copy of Kill Bill volume two.
Orange is not afraid of it.
It's not advocate piracy.
Yes, he did.
And I got, actually, you know, there's that show, Kindred be Embraced, that came on based
off of the White Wolf universe, and I have all the episodes they ever made of that, because
I think that the actor died.
main guy who's playing the prince
but um... i have all of that i still have it on my uh...
if anyone brings me dvds you'll get copies
um...
orange on twitter does not advocate piracy
it's actually no they're not
i'm just teasing
they're not licensed for any more i want to find out more about this bromani party because
basically you went over to a stranger's house
i sang rob people that stalk us on the internet right are the you gotta
Yes, okay, so message to our listeners, stalking us works, and a lot of the people though were
people from DDR Freak, well that's cool, but you've got the moderatorship on DDR Freak
so a lot of people know who you are over there, and then the show's getting pretty big over
there thanks to the syndication on Friday nights over there on Freak Radio, so.
Well, it was just a bunch of people, I met a lot of good people, we basically were just
playing 8th style, played, now I brought out Karaoke Revolution.
Now you don't sing karaoke.
I don't, but I got the line from Avengers and Babysitting, nobody leaves without singing
the blues.
And that's all it took?
They didn't have to feed you Guinness or anything?
I was begged.
They didn't make you drink Guinness or anything?
You just did it perfectly sober?
I just figured it's going to be about another year before I'm back.
And you knew that there were no recording devices present, so...
So I sang Bizarre Love Triangle.
Oh, no, that's a good song.
Yeah.
Now, see, you missed some karaoke action here on the show last week.
No, I didn't miss it, I'm sorry.
Sing?
All right.
No, I actually, I was really, I tried to...
Loki's still pissed at me over it, by the way.
I actually was going to be trying to tune in on my laptop, but I had promised my mama
son I was going to take her to see The Grudge, which after having... Since I was glad I
saw Ju-On first, I'm very glad I saw it first, because then it was neat noting the differences
in the movie.
I'm not going to spoil it for anyone who hasn't, and actually the thing that pissed me off
is that I don't know the reason why they think they have to explain every single last fucking
detail to a U.S. audience, when it's the not knowing that is the messed up part of the
movie. Even so, I thought it was very good, and even better, especially since it was done
by the original director. So, we did that. I went to Steak and Shake. Steak and Shake
is the best place ever. What? Steak and Shake... Only in the South, which you have a place
called Steak and Shake. It's these thick hamburgers, really good. It's like a little diner type
But you can get these humongous milkshakes and they make a half-and-half, but it's literally
split down the middle.
Half one side is one flavor, half the other is the other.
So I actually mixed it up and had banana eggnog.
Huh.
Oh, God, it was good.
That was orgasm in the glass.
Anyway, no, it didn't taste like tuna.
It tastes like banana and eggnog.
Damn it.
I got to meet lots of good people, had a really good time. Monday, my brother was being an
ass the whole time. I'm not too proud of my brother Matthew, but I talked to my brother
Phillip while I was there. He's supposed to be down for Christmas, I think. He's getting
married well he's already married this is my brother who's a marine and his
wife's a marine and they're actually going to Texas to have a humongous big
Mexican wedding I'm going to go to be a big party will there be margaritas
involved likely awesome no actually actually people that know me pretty well
know that I'm actually not a big tequila fan I'll drink margaritas because you
I can barely taste the tequila, but I cannot stand straight up tequila.
I am a black man.
You had that cheap shit here.
I still don't like tequila.
You can give me Cuervo.
I don't care.
I still don't like it.
I can do shots of tequila.
I think it's nasty unless...
I like the blue agave tequila, the stuff that Anita had way back at the Nasty House.
But it was pretty good.
I went back to New Orleans on Tuesday, hung out with my mommy, I fussed at my mom, it
was fun.
Jamie Fuss had the most long, boring flight back.
I hung out at the Dallas airport for nearly two hours.
Airports aren't so bad now, though.
They have Wi-Fi there.
Yeah, they got Wi-Fi.
I was just chilling on my laptop.
Not just that, but just everything there is to do.
They're practically shopping malls as well, although I would never buy anything there,
but it's fun to look.
You know, airports aren't that bad anymore.
Well, some of them are.
But I was having a pretty good time, I mean, and then I got on a plane.
I read the entirety of Ramsey's The Damned on the plane.
I have to say it's definitely the best Anne Rice book, because all the rest of her stuff
since, it's kind of crap.
It's been gay porn.
Yeah, but it's also been crappy.
Really crappy.
really crappy woman needs to get her groove back not rest on her name
although I did read the first novel of her Sleeping Beauty book uh-huh very
interesting very interesting anyway that was my trip the rest of time I finished
homework put up with stupid crap you talking about that Bamani party makes me
nostalgic remember when we used to do that stuff at the old studio which is a
really great house for having parties we have the my party we need to do that
shit again yeah we do I mean we actually we kind of had a bimani party last night
I mean it wasn't like a hardcore bimani party but I'm sure it will get to that
as we go on through how was your week how's your day remember the stuff I
would bring with me oh yeah people say the money part of my gosh shit you bring
like your old I remember you brought your dreamcast pads to one party yes I
did same I said okay this is what GDR was like in the old days before we had
had this vivid nonsense. I remember when one of our old guests used
to be on the show a bit, Samya Magus, when he put on his girlfriend's top and was playing
Power Power Partise, and the picture made some rounds on the internet after that, and
I remember Loki would haul his computer and his Delight Delight reduplication and his
pads he'd made for it. I'm nostalgic. I would carry around the drum mania, keyboard
mania 2d x controller the bunch of games all the old beat mania is my ascii pad
do you think that when this ddr thing is dead which you know could happen any day now um
do you think that these bimani parties stick a fork in it do you think these bimani parties
are still going to be going on no we'll just go back to porn getting this we'll just have
to go back to the orgies you're right how silly of me to ask
I know it has to get that copy of Ally McFeel again.
That was funny.
Anyway, anything else you want to share about your week and your day?
Uh, no.
Moving right along. All right.
Hey, it had a cameo by Ron Jeremy.
Everything has a cameo by Ron Jeremy.
Oh my god, I was looking up, um, there's a site online that's like these, uh, just paper dolls online
I was trying to make a new avatar for myself on my live journal, and I accidentally came
across the real doll site.
Oh God.
It's very, very icky.
I have a request for a new DDR Freak avatar, because the gay pimp one you made me is really
cool.
I have a request for a new one.
I want Zander from Drawn Together, just to make Seager jealous.
From what?
Drawn Together, that show on Comedy Central.
From what?
Oh girl, you are so far behind.
I do not have anything but basic channels, but local channels.
You're missing out.
It's a funny show.
I hardly ever watch TV.
And I think the TV is retarded.
I don't even watch Survivor or The Apprentice or any of that reality bullshit anymore.
Drawn Together is like the only show I watch.
And when did Hell Freeze Over?
I know.
I know.
Do you want to talk about Hell Freezing Over?
I came this close to joining a gym on Friday.
For the people who didn't have that visual, Rob held his fingers the length of, um, never mind.
He's not gonna talk about that.
Shut up.
No, because we don't bring up old drama.
Yeah.
What?
Oh, man.
It says that when you said Xander, I started thinking of Buffy.
I need to respond to some stuff in the chat room going on right now.
First off, Seegert is telling me he hates me because of the Xander thing and he says
his is better, whatever.
And somebody else, where was it, a couple of people commented, DDR is not going to die.
Well, I'm only being half serious.
I don't think the death of DDR is anytime soon, especially when we just got like Ultra
Mix 2 and the home versions are looking very promising for the future.
I don't think DDR is seriously going to die, but I think it's a little more cultish, maybe.
I don't know.
We'll see.
I also have an announcement.
Yes.
I no longer am on the Atkins crap.
Well, not crap.
It's good for a lot of people.
It was not good for me.
So I can have sushi again.
Congratulations.
Sushi is wonderful.
And and and and and and and.
Nothing else.
Okay.
Oh, Rob.
yes, what? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?
Hi! I'm back!
Damn. Angel, how was your week, how was your day?
You gave me a fairy to throw. Angel, how was your week, how was your day?
School was school and...
Oh, nothing. Saturday was nice. I just wanted to waste
the week away until saturday came cuz uh well i had a birthday come on everybody yay yay yay
not actually hanging out with everyone was great um and we had played lots of bumani
I got to see those for the first time. That was pretty cool. And the best thing of all was obviously hanging around with the people that I don't usually get to hang around with. So, that was good. And just enjoying my birthday weekend so far, I guess.
Now,
Bradley, how was your week? How was your day?
Alright, this week was
work of course. And an interesting thing happened at work. There was
a person, my kind of work is sort of a training
they train people to do stuff. So, when the students came back, he had some questions
for, because he was going to do a test, a state test for his line of work
wanted to get into. And they come back to ask him questions and he and the instructor
had a nice, somehow a disagreement or something about the instructor doesn't like this guy
so he actually misspoke and said that he didn't like him. So this caused them to get really
angry and start ranting and raving and then he had to go outside, the manager had to take
him outside and talk for like an hour to try to calm him down. They came back on Friday
And his wife told him to bring on some candy just to give to us, or something like that.
And he comes back and, okay, he's like, hell, here's this candy.
And then he starts launching into this big thing about discrimination!
He discriminates against me! He doesn't like me!
For some reason, like, some bullshit like that.
And so, just me and the perceptionists are in their room and he's like,
some kind of weird shit like that so good thing the boss came in like like a
few minutes like a minute later and then started to talk to him so we could sneak
out so I went out in the hall for about an hour while they discussed something
over and over again because this is a kind of guy just like says the same
thing like ten fucking times to try to make some sort of point that no one
gives a shit about because he finally overreacts everything and thankfully
after that, about an hour, they moved into the office and talked another hour and a half
or so.
Were they getting paid for this?
To talk?
Well, it's a business, so it's part of the work.
I always found that humorous when, you know, there's big fights going on and we have to
sit down and have a discussion, but we're all getting paid for it type thing.
We just wasted three hours of productivity to talk out.
Not that I ever get into disagreements with people, but you know, I've had to sit in on
them.
Well, I didn't have anything to do with it.
I just went and stood in the hall because I didn't want to get involved.
but you got paid for it too
yes it is nice one hour
like an hour break
not doing anything
just wait until it cools down
okay and then one day i got
Katamari Damacy
and that was a lot of fun
na na na na na na na
sorry every time something- it's like
it's like, but everybody says, friends
you think of nbc
or, or when someone says 90210
da da da da
da da da da
With Katamari it's na na na na na na na na na na na na.
Shut up, Logan.
No, actually, I think of that.
I say that in that song too.
I played that most every day this week.
Actually, I did play it this week except for today because I got up.
Last night was the party for Angel and Anita, or Dee Dee Archipolic, for their birthdays.
And that was a lot of fun because Navi brought over 8 style and pop music.
god bless the town's pop and music horror.
I got to play on those arcade-style controllers.
Yeah, and that was fun.
Of course, I didn't do all that great on 8th style, because basically,
he had it up on a stand, and then the TV was down like two or three feet,
several feet away.
And of course, I hadn't played on an arcade-style controller
in a long time.
And of course, there was the hard new song.
just like, oh god, like, oh what the hell is it called? Nebulagraspur? Nebulagraspur is a fucking impossible. Well at least for a first try it's like, oh fuck, what the hell? Like all over the place.
And I always love non-Bamani people, like the people who don't really play 2DX, DDR, and stuff. I always love their reaction to stuff like that, because there were a few people at the party last night who don't really play DDR or 2DX, and they were just kind of watching Navi playing, and just like he was just crazy. He was playing like Nebio Grasp or another or something, and just everybody was just kind of like,
That's crazy. That is so crazy. Man, that's crazy.
Yeah, actually I played Pop music for the first time ever because it's the first time
I've actually been to anything where it's been brought out and actually passed like
a, I think I backed to 22 on 9's button, that was pretty good, and today we got up
late so it didn't do that all that much and that's all.
Mr. Loki, how was your week, how was your day?
Today did not start out too good, due to certain events that have taken place outside of our apartment complex in the street. It was not fun. Well, we'll get into that later, I'm sure.
And then yesterday, it was okay. I went down to Knights Ferry to go ghost hunting supposedly, and just walked around there for a little bit. It was fun, hiking and stuff.
Friday wasn't that good either. Grandparents, er, grandma died, so that sucked.
Thursday, I can't remember Thursday. Thursday was okay, I guess. Most of the week I've been just playing Final Fantasy XI, leveling my summoner to 20, which I just finished right before the show.
And, um, what else have I been doing? I've played a little bit of Grand Theft Auto, finally passed this mission, and I couldn't beat for a while, and now I have to run errands for some pimp.
And, um, went and saw Closer. I'll get into that later. And, um, eh, that's about all.
It's been, like, kind of a week just crashing into the ground.
That sucks about your grandma, I'm sorry to hear it.
Have you used your machine to try and contact her yet?
No I have not, you asshole.
Anyway...
How did you ever open your portal to hell?
You went on a ghost busting trip yesterday, didn't you?
Hunting.
Ghost hunting, not busting.
We just, we went, walked around Knights Ferry, which is basically this old abandoned, it's
not really an abandoned mining town. It's just an old mining town. It's got like a bunch
of dilapidated... It's not really a mining town, I guess. They have an old mill there
that's kind of been... It's just the ruins of it. So we just walked around there. They
also have a very long... They have a 150 meter covered bridge, which is pretty neat, and
we walked down that and we went to their graveyard that was there and walked around that for
a little bit but you know I mean these are just for is just kind of just to get
out of the house we you know we're looking for like an actual place that my
my example was something that's more trauma there than you know old you know
because necessarily just visiting any old place is not going to work you need
to have something where oh yeah 50 people murdered there you know that kind
of thing just something you know traumatic like a insane asylum or
kostjamrh And by tired he means looking for a party in Final Fantasy 11 so he can get a summoner to level 3.
At it? No, I was tired from other things, but yes, I just got bored with that too. But the other things in the morning made me tired because I'm exhausted right now from having to wake up early yesterday and having to wake up early today.
Alright, my turn. My week and my day. I got to play 8th style and pop music 10 twice this week, actually, because I hung out with Navi on Monday. I'll talk about those games a little bit later, because, you know, I don't want to talk about my money stuff in a little bit.
But, Navi and I, after playing some of that, we got to go to the mall, and I was going to help him do some Christmas shopping over at Arden Fair, which is a big mall in Sacramento. It's a huge mall.
And so, we ended up walking out of there. He didn't end up buying anything. He just kind of looked around us in different places. And I fucking bought an iPod at the Apple store.
cuz I wanted one really I I wanted one really bad
I'm still two away from my free one
I don't just buy a fucking iMac you know just join the cult
I thought about it actually
good it's a big fleeing piece of shit that doesn't do anything
you make Apple users cry anyway
unless you're into graphics
or media which you know this show happens to be
cuz all the pros are on Macs
maybe we wouldn't have the freaking buzz on a Mac
anyway
Hey, you wouldn't have any of the software either!
eject CDs anymore and now I won't even play the CD that's in there. So luckily
though it has an auxiliary port in it so I can plug anything I want in there so
I'm just like fuck it I'm gonna get an iPod and I'll just use that as my car
stereo. So it's worked out really well except for the fact that if you think
somebody if you think I'm bad when I'm talking on my cell phone and trying to
drive you should see me when I'm trying to find the song on my iPod I want to
hear and drive at the same time. It's beautiful and you know what they can
pass all the laws they want to say I can't talk on my cell phone and drive
but
I don't see them making any law anytime soon that says I can't play on my iPod and try
to drive at the same time so
look out. I believe the law is operation of electronical devices while driving
so your iPod is included. God dammit!
Your car is technically an operational device.
extraneous like CD, well like
laptops, peripheral devices
Secret in our chat room right now over at orangelandrader.com, he says that that day
where my Echo Image CD got eaten by my car stereo player, he said that that day kind
of pissed him off, except for the Classic Gaming Expo and the little girl that was hitting
all the buttons on the restrooms that she rocked.
And that reminds me, I actually found the picture of Jamie doing that at Classic Gaming
Expo.
I had my heads in the air.
What was it?
We paid you $10 to do it?
Yeah.
I wanted on Pac-Land for the TurboGrafx.
Yeah, we bought some game for you, basically.
For you to imitate little girl. I found the picture.
I'm gonna send it to Seagurd.
By the way, we're going to Classic Gaming Expo again this year.
Even though...
It's in Burlingame.
Even though last year was kinda...
The only reason that last year's was end was because they had that thing a few days before.
But, uh, Classic Gaming Expo this year is gonna be in Burlingame.
That means trips to network video!
And the store that sells the airsoft guns.
of it and I don't know what it was we were playing cranium but it wasn't just
regular cranium but it was turbo cranium okay so it's supposed to be like a
faster version of cranium like one that you could play like in an hour the
freaking game took us three hours to play the last time I played cranium it
only took two turbo cranium ended up taking longer what in the hell is up with
that and no it's not because we kept taking breaks it just was a long-ass
game was no shorter nobody's gonna get this joke but you Rob but you can be my
puppet master anytime how foul hey but how long did the I had ended up having
to leave around midnight because I was kind of afraid well a I was tired and B
I was afraid I wasn't gonna be able to park when I got back here if I waited
any longer but how was the rest of the night good we ended up playing hear me
out well the majority of the night I mean we played pop in ten also but yeah
that other game was kind of weird also um a DD alcoholic made sushi from
scratch it was really good but it was kind of interesting because she used
wieners in it like she used hot dogs and instead of fish she put like hot dogs in
there but it was actually really good it was kind of weird I just thought was
neat it was very resourceful it was a good idea anyway uh we're gonna take a
break when we come back from this break we're gonna talk a little bit more about
2d x8 style we're gonna talk a little more about pop music 10 I want to play
the new remix of I Feel for you guys. We played it on Thursday night, but I know nobody listens
to Outside the Box on Thursday night, but more of you guys listen tonight, so we're
going to play the new I Feel mix from, I keep calling it Service Pack, Song Pack 7 from
UltraMix 2, because a lot of people don't want to hear that, so we're going to play
that for you guys. And plenty more when we come back from this break. In this break though,
some music from DDR Festival, because we haven't really gotten to hear much music from DDR
Festival yet, but we have some songs for you guys. We're going to hear Superstar, Diamonds,
Cutie Honey on this break. We'll be right back.
And it feels good as to if I've been cooking
Does that really want to laugh at you?
I'm feeling some connection to the things you do
I don't know what it is that makes me feel like this
I don't know who you are
But you must be some kind of superstar
Cause you got a lot to do no matter where you are
Cause you gotta love it no matter where you are
Where you are, I wanna take you there
I know
I'm your Doki-chan
This time
I am your
Kangaro-mon-to
I am your
Doki-chan
This time
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Mr. Random person on the street, who by the way is not an actor. What do you think of the Orange Lounge big money music and more shows?
The music is like being transported to this dancing spaceship place. It's unearthly. It's like being in a club, except you don't have to ask someone to dance.
We are back here on orange lounge radio festival has some strange music in it. It's honestly I didn't bother to buy festival
I just I didn't think there was enough in it for me because I had extreme and I have an Xbox so and I had
Ultra mix one which were a lot of songs came from but festival certainly has some quirky little songs in it, doesn't it?
Interesting. It's all I have to say although I love superstar
I it's almost worth buying the mix for that but not really because that's like 80 bucks
Yeah it does have different steps for a lot of the songs that were on UltraMix 1, but I don't know, honestly with UltraMix 2 now and the fact that you can make your own edits, I have a feeling that any day now we're going to start seeing those steps get uploaded to Xbox Live, so I'm not really too concerned about it.
It's just somebody has to take the effort and that person is not going to be me because I'm lazy.
Anyway, 2DX8 style.
Got a chance to check it out over at, um, Navi, POD Music Horror.
He has it. I got to check it out earlier this week. And man do I suck at 2DX now.
I mean seriously, I haven't played 2DX seriously in quite a while.
I didn't really get into 7th style. I played it one time. A lot of this has to do with the fact that my controller is broken.
And I'd rather buy myself a lot of other useless crap, like iPods and things like that, than buy a new 2DX controller, and I seriously think that's the reason that I haven't been playing a whole lot of 2DX.
But 8 style is pretty sweet, I gotta say. It has a lot of great new songs in it.
Those of you guys that listen to this show regularly, you already know how I feel about Everyday Lovely Day, like I love that song.
And then of course it has a bunch of 2DX Red songs in it.
Well, not a bunch, but three, which I consider to be a bunch for, you know, preview, because
usually it's only like one or two.
And then, some of the new consumer videos are pretty funny.
Like Step Into the New World, I don't really like that song a whole lot, the song kind
of, meh, but the video's pretty great, like with the anime and everything and the guy
running down the street, and he uses his computer animation technique that's very interesting,
like it turns these 2D settings into 3D, kind of like Parappa the Rappa, it looks like that,
except not drawn.
I guess that makes no sense whatsoever, I don't care.
And then also another video I love is Love Box.
I don't know if you guys got to see this video at all, but Love Box is the one that has,
I think it's Meg, and one of her cohorts or something, I don't know, an uncredited person.
They're dressed up as these like Austin Powers dance chicks, kind of.
Like they're all dressed in these like 60s hippie, like things you'd see on Laugh-In.
You remember that old show Laugh-In?
Like when the people would be dancing?
It was kind of like that and they're just driving around the city and singing and they're
wearing like glow bracelets and stuff.
It's really great.
Love box.
I highly recommend this one.
Although the song kind of sucks, but the video is great.
So you guys have gotten to play 8 style a little bit too.
What do you guys think of 2DX8 style?
I suck at Let Me Go of Bara.
Oh I remember that song was so great.
And the scene kept falling out of my lap.
I miss arcades.
Were you playing on a regular, like, little controller?
Yeah. See, Navi has one of those arcade-style controllers, so you don't have to put it in your lap.
But they're kinda loud, like, they're really...
those arcade-style ones are really loud. Like, you could hear that thing probably
outside, like, a mile away.
Clack, clack, clack. But that's pretty neat. And sometimes it kinda overpowers the music,
but it plays beautifully. It plays so beautifully.
Arcadian, what do you think of 2DXC's style?
look pretty nice
something you think you might have to break down a purchase
I already have purchased it. Oh, have you? I just haven't gotten it yet.
You probably mentioned it, I forgot.
Yeah, I mentioned it like two weeks ago. That's right. I forgot.
Any
particularly favorite consumer songs that you like, any of these songs?
I haven't heard them enough to
truly say yet.
I played a new seven star. I think it was Don't Be Afraid Myself was one of the
like it's the j-pop one that's got a really especially got a pretty great
that's got a pretty cool video in the bathroom in the shower I think so I
think they were dancing in like a locker room shower yes I think that might have
been it I could only kind of half see the video that's cool yeah the song is
cool but man I fucked up that song so bad like it really shows like how out of
it on 2dx I am because I can't sight read anymore like I was able to play
attitude and star dream and all these songs I used to play all the time on
eight style
just fine
but dancer
is it just me or is it something kind of weird at the end of the video
it freezes kind of at the end of the video
I remember it kinda faded out in the arcade
but a lot of eight style machines had broken videos in the first place so that was the first time that a lot of people got to actually play
of the videos? I don't know. Pretty cool. Angel, what were your thoughts on T-X-A-Style?
Love Is Orange, Attitude, and A. That's all I have to say. Because, you know, I used to
watch you guys play that all the time, and I was always all envious, and I still am,
so, yeah. A is technically a seventh style song, but
it does make, well, I know, but it does make a repeat in eighth style. It's interesting,
they take, they took some of the most noteworthy seventh style songs, like A and Stoic, and
They ended up repeating on 8th style after all, so now I'm kind of like, do I really
need to get 7th style?
But then I remembered, yes, I want to hoard Beauty of Silence in the privacy of my own
home, is basically what it boils down to.
Just like, remember the old arcade days, frickin' everybody hoarded Beauty of Silence, well,
almost everybody.
I know I was a big part of that, but, like, player's best would be 5-1-1, because all
the noobs would play 5-1-1, and then, like, Beauty of Silence.
Anyway.
Poppin' Music 10 was another game I got to check out earlier this week.
Pretty cool. I have to admit, I think I kind of like the way 9 is set up a little bit better.
I thought the unlock system in 9 was a lot cooler, because 10 has this wacky roulette thing.
Navi had the timing down perfect, though, so that he was managing to unlock quite a bit of stuff on the roulette wheel.
But it was kind of yawned to me, because the Gambler Z thing in 9 was way cooler, where you could walk around and unlock things and play songs and stuff.
I was a little disappointed by that. But the song list was pretty good in 10. There's a
lot of great songs I love in 10. Of course, Goonies, you know, we hoard that song like
crazy here on Orange Lounge. Arabatia, the Revenge song, love that song. And I actually
passed it on E, what is it, what's the second one up? Not EX, that's the third one up. Hyper?
Is that the second level? It's like Basic and Hyper. See, I don't know my pop music,
it's so sad. The middle one, wherever it's ranked, like a 30 or something. 29, 30, I
Somebody needs to get me $1,000 for Christmas, so that way I can buy an ASC for 2DX, an ASC
for pop music, and then import 8 style and as many pop music as I can before I'm bankrupt.
So if you guys want to get me $1,000 for Christmas, that would be great.
Did you play Popin' 10 at all at that party that you went to, Jamie?
I didn't have Popin' 10. I bought Popin' 9 with me, but we ended up not playing it.
Oh. Okay. Well, what did you think of Pop Music 10, Angel?
It was pretty, and watching Navi play is just
insane. He plays
faster than anyone else I've seen, you know, but
I just ended up watching it because I knew a lot of people wanted to play
pop and 10, so I just kind of left it at that, plus we were busy with Cranium anyways, so,
you know.
Yeah, by the way, if anybody wants to call us, we just opened up the Skype line, if you
want to figure out what that's all about, head on over to www.orangelaunceradio.com
and click on interact with us, and we want to take some phone calls asking you guys that
have gotten a chance to play 8 style or pop music 10, what you guys think of it.
I have to say that the final verdict on Ten, I kind of, I mean obviously I need to play
it more, and obviously I still want it, but I still think I kind of like Nine just a little
bit better. I just think Nine had some, just set up a little better, just kind of had some
better songs, but Ten's really good, don't get me wrong. I would still buy Ten in a heartbeat,
but I just think I like Nine a little bit better. But, anyway. Arcadian, you got to
play a little bit of pop in 10 what'd you think? Not bad. I can't compare it to any
other ones because I haven't played any other ones. Oh, I thought you have played the other
ones. No, this is the first time I've ever played it. Oh, wow, okay. So that's why you
were playing five key in the beginning there. I was kind of like, Katie is playing five
key. I was playing like three songs and I said, let's go tonight. And it's okay to play
five key when you're first learning pop music, that's okay. Let's get, we're going to take
call real fast. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Hey there, Sky, Siggy here. Hi Siggy,
how you doing? I'm doing fine. You know what, I finally figured out what you were talking
about last week with the 2DX8 style. You remember how you said there was something in it that
looked like extreme US and a lot of people in the chat were going, what the fuck is he
talking about? You remember that? Yeah. I got what you meant now. It was the menu in
the beginning kind of have that like round wheel thing?
Yeah, it's the menu. Gotcha. So, you got your copy of Eight Cell, yes?
Yup. And how have you been enjoying it?
Yeah, I'm enjoying it. It's really good. I was one of the lucky ones who got the 2DX
Red E amusement card, because after November 18th, they don't have it anymore.
Really? Yeah.
So is there anything special about the card, or is it just the fact that, hey, I got a
card? Actually, I wanted to use this 2DX Red E
the amusement card at AI because they have the amusement card readers.
That's what I heard.
Now, I'm actually going to be able to go to Arcade Infinity next week.
I'm hoping.
The amusement card over there.
Well, I don't have any amusement card because I'm ghetto poor and I haven't bought any.
Buy it over there.
That's what I meant.
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking about doing.
I'm thinking about buying...
Depending on how much they cost, I might buy a bunch and give some away here on the station.
I'm thinking about it.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah.
Thinking about it.
Yeah, recently I double A'd a V35 on 7key.
See, V35 is one of those songs I used to be really good at, but then I just suck it up now. What is that you're holding up there? A Namco?
My Tekken 5 character data card.
Get on topic! No, it's cool. Have you gotten to play pop music 10 at all?
Uh, no. The last time I played pop music was Pop Music 9 back in San Francisco.
See, but isn't Pop Music 9 great?
I think so, anyway.
So, anything else you want to share about 2DX8's style, your experiences you're having with it?
Well, um...
There's a thing about the...
Getting the hidden songs, the 2DX1 songs.
You don't have to...
About the easy thing.
It turns out to be false.
What do you mean?
You can't play easy songs by unlocking spiral galaxy and taio. By using an easy option.
So you can't play an easy to unlock those songs?
You can.
Oh you can?
Yeah.
Well shit, that makes it easy doesn't it?
And what is the requirement again to start unlocking some of these 2DX Red songs? Because I actually don't remember.
Play at least about a hundred songs to unlock Spiral Galaxy and Taiyou.
Wow. A hundred songs?
Well, yeah, just mostly Light Sevens, or Light Seven to Seven Key songs.
I'm not afraid of playing Seven Key. I've got to play some more to get better at it.
I want Light Seven, just for the heck of it.
I would play, now see Light 7 would be the kind of thing I would play to
whore my VJ Army account up if I had one. Hypothetically if I had one. I'd be all
look at all these triple A's I got. Of course it was on Light 7. But man,
I'm good. Cause I know, I know that there's people out there that do that.
I mean but that's okay you know Light 7's are songs too. You have every right.
But you know. And there's another for random
plus. You have to play at least a hundred songs to unlock random plus.
And what exactly does Random Plus do again for those that...
Uh, Random Plus is where the turntable is now included in the shuffle.
Oh. Oh, okay, I gotcha.
Oh, that would be so hard if you got some scales that, oh god, that's really crazy.
Especially, you know, especially War Game.
I hate that song.
I can only imagine.
Well, War Game on 7Q was never a big problem for me.
For some reason, scratching, I'm like, I'm okay with it.
okay with it. Checking you out was the second 7 star I ever beat, and now I understand it's
an 8 star. So like, I beat an 8 star, like, when I was beating my first 7 star. That is
so crazy to me. But for some reason, scratching has never bothered me. After you play a hundred
songs with random, just hold the key 2, and then wait for the random to go red. And that's
how it works. Yeah, that's how it works. So, those of you guys that are feeling a little
crazy and want to play some random with the turntable. There you have it. What would you
say would be your favorite new video in 2DX8 style? I haven't seen all of them because
I'm really busy playing 7T songs. I like Nebula Grasp for a lot. Nebula Grasp has got a pretty
good video too. It's one of those futuristic, typical kind of things. It kind of reminded
me of Hyperboundary 8 a little bit. That was an LED song too and it had all the futuristic
the graphics with it. Kind of reminded me of that a little bit. And I bought a 2DX
Red Style. I really like Spiral Galaxy as well. Were you able to get the V-Rare when
you got? Oh, no, no, I didn't. Just a regular one I ordered. Oh, okay. Alright. Well, anything
else you want to share about 2DX A-Style? Well, nothing much else. Alright. Well, we'll
talk to you later then, I guess. Have a good one, Ziggy. Alright, later. Later! I like
getting phone calls. That was fun. Alright. People say in our chat room right now, they
said, they're talking about 2DX too much. Well, it is the news that's going on right
now, you know, you guys, but fine. We're going to talk about a little bit of DDR. We're going
to try and get the, I Feel, the new remix for you. Look, he's going to get that taken
care of during the next break, right? Yes. Good. Then I guess we're going to go to a
break so we can get that song. We're going to hear some music from DDR Festival, some
more music? Yes, Jamie? What? Thank you. We'll do the second mix break in a bit, but I want
to get the festival stuff taken care of first. Yes, I did threaten the chat room with some
butterfly and I know that's first mix, but I want to get that in there too, at some point.
So let's see what you can do. But in this break, a different version of Udoru, I can't
even say this, you know the Captain Jack song from fifth mix? Udoru. Yeah, that song. There's
I can do a version of it in festival so we're gonna hear this I haven't heard
this one yet so I got to check this out a remix of I need you which was a song
that was kind of a in the DDR max 2 USA but we'll hear it see if it's any better
here's the thing about I need you and it wasn't in well yeah max you say this was
the one that was on the V rare for the last mix all right that wasn't too bad
all right so we'll check it out we're gonna check out these songs and we'll be
back and we're gonna talk a little bit more about Ultramix to some of the news
there and play that new song from Ultramix 2. And of course the cage match, FUs of the
Week, all that good stuff coming up. And in the chat room they're saying, look, since
you're so white, Sky, just say dancing pom-pom-colin. And even that I can't say right. I just, I
cut out for radio, what can I say? We'll be back.
I don't know what I'm gonna do
Eki no naka
Believe, believe, believe
The promise of love for the happy one
All your thoughts won't wait until I'm with you
No, it's not a way to step on the line
Don't judge my way, don't you
I need you, need you
And you ain't gonna tell me none more
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Gaming radio, so uncensored
That even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us
Uh, Moch-
brake, isn't hard
Orange Lounge Radio
God bless you Tom Brokaw. You know he finally retired. He did? Yeah. This is the last we
had time. One of the most highly rated episodes of the show of all time or something like
that. I don't know. Something like that. Crazy. Anyway, we are going to be playing the new
I Feel remix. We just, we ripped it during the break there. Loki, our tech massa is working
on it right now trying to get it all perfect. I said we should just rip it out
of edit mode but apparently if you try to rip it in edit mode it cuts off the
very beginning little speech thing because it starts off as do you feel it
like it sounds like one of those like speaking spells or something saying it
and Loki was like no we can't have that so he made us go back and do it in edit
mode so whatever that's fine at least we'll have it we can put it in rotation
on our bimani musical more program which airs 24 hours a day seven days a week on
this station when we're not here also speaking of live programming Monday
night we have Diversion the Bomani remix show featuring professionally done remixes, amateur
remixes and all that fun stuff. Monday night, 7 o'clock here on the station. A lot of really
just original music I think. Just really great stuff if you haven't heard it yet. Tuesday
night's on the station, Dark Sakura. She was off last week but she's back. That's the volume
where I just go crazy and play whatever. Although if you're in our chat room you can make a
request and if I think that it doesn't totally suck ass I'll play it amen to
that and then Wednesday nights as the oldie and moldy orange launch radio show
where basically we play a show from two years ago for your listening amusement
listen to how much we used to suck if you think we suck now like we really
sucked then and then Thursday nights outside the box at seven o'clock myself
rice princess and lanky style talking about the latest and greatest in video
gaming this last week was a pretty good show you missed a good time if you miss
this week we had a we had a good time and then Friday nights it's not on this
station but it's over on the freak on DDR freak radio the rewinds in case you
missed a previous episode of orange launch radio you can catch it over there
up to date actually the show they're gonna be playing this Friday is last
week's show which was the one where we had the MIDI head interview if you guys
missed the interview with MIDI head awesome guy awesome interview you have
to check it out so go listen to freak on Friday also the karaoke cage match by
the way was on last Friday and of course Loki won was there any surprise in
anyone's mind I don't think so moving right along I got to plug the live
journal community because we haven't plugged that in a while if you guys have
a live journal which I know a lot of you do in this day and age we're starting to
move into a live journal a centered internet I head on over to our live
journal community it's just username orange lounge on live journal and if you
join it you get you know some of the latest announcements on what's going on
the station sometimes we propose ideas for changes to the station on our live
journal and we get your feedback there so it's just nice little community it's
a way for you to meet other listeners of Horns Life Radio. Crazy people like us.
Let's see DDR UltraMix 2. It's been a game we've been talking about a hell of a
lot lately I gotta say but song pack I keep calling it service back song pack
7 came out this week finally a lot of us were expecting the song pack 7 was going
to be out when the game came out but for whatever reason there was a delay sounds
like there might have been some kind of bug that prevented things I don't know a
lot of people bitching and moaning because song pack 7 has a lot of old
songs in it we were talking about this a little bit last week but song pack 7 has
end of the century and Las Seorita and Silent Hill a lot of old classic DDR
songs but I guess played out to a lot of people as well era as well so you get
some tack finally and indeed your ultimate still but a lot of these these
songs since they're old they're kind of played out so they're getting a lot of
kind of negative feedback from folks out there even though I don't know I think
it's kind of neat because a you get them 60 frames a second B you can play them
on Xbox live now not that I'm a huge fan of any of the songs really I like era
don't get me wrong I love era but then there's this new remix of I feel the
junk circuit mix which is pretty interesting because junk circuit is
another artist that's over on a different drum the background for this
song has like the website address you may have noticed a lot of the different
drum songs a lot of those like the Jesper kid a lot of the a lot of the new
songs ultra mix to have websites in their background so it's kind of
interesting that we're getting those in some of the song packs as well but I
think in visiting junk circuits website I think there's actually a lot in common
between junk circuit and Naropa who does the song standing still in time because
they have the same website contact email so kind of interesting all right anyway
they're telling us in the chat room to stop talking about the song and play the
damn thing already that's fine we'll get to it I'm going to copy it over right
now monkeys put the finishing touches on it so we'll go ahead and play that for
But really first, Loki, what did you think of this remix?
It's better than the other one.
You didn't like the other one? Why is that?
The other one just kind of sucked. I don't know. It was just kind of, eh, not much different.
This is a lot better.
I do like this one a little bit better too, but I kind of like the old one as well, I got to admit.
So, I don't know. What do I know?
Alright. I got to copy it over.
I guess there was a big tournament on Ultramix 2 tonight, online.
There was a lot of people talking about it over on DDRFreak, I missed it.
It wasn't something, I knew I'd get my ass kicked so I didn't want to participate, but I guess it went pretty well, from what I hear.
Alright, I'll stop talking and start playing. Here it is!
Orange Launch Radio presents the brand new iFeel remix, it's the junk circuit mix. Enjoy you guys.
Do you feel it?
I sit here, I sit here.
I sit here, I sit here.
I sit here, I sit here.
Can you hear it?
Can you hear it?
There it is, brand new here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I feel the junk circuit mix. What did you guys think of that? Some of you guys are hearing
that for the first time. Dark Sakura? Who did that again? That was junk circuit. I like
the original better. I think a lot of us can agree that the original is a little bit better.
Nothing ever tops the original. It's like when you remake old movies. Oh, Loki says
it does top the original. Well, I disagree. Nothing tops the Kiryamoga. What did you think
of that, Bradley? I liked it, except I think that the, I feel that little. Hold the bottom
Except for I think that that little computer I feel it voice is a bad touch
If they left it out and make it better jazz in our Chatham agrees with you
He says the whole can you feel it samples just sounds fucking cheesy is what he says yeah
And Jamie's yelling from the laundry room that she agrees
Yeah, no overall. I like it. Yeah. I I think it's pretty good
I I think the can you feel it is a little weird, but it I don't know it's it's different
I give him points for trying. It's a good remix. It's a fun song to play.
The steps are kind of interesting.
It took something good and added a bunch of extremist crap to it.
The steps. Is there any DDR remix that you've liked so far?
I like the What's His Face one that you interviewed last week.
Midihead?
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, that's good.
Alright. Yeah, What's His Face.
I wasn't here.
I wasn't here. I know it. You'll get to talk to the next DDRi. We're hoping we have Midi
Head back at some point, actually. But actually, if you guys missed it, I know that right now
he's going to, he agreed to do an interview with DDRFreak, so if you go on to the game
console games, what is that, DDR console games forum, there's a little sticky announcement
thingy where you can ask Midi Head a question. So if you missed getting your question last
week, because we took some questions from our listeners, but if you missed your chance
asked me to hit a question. They are taking question submissions right now, so go check
that out if you like. What did you think of that remix, Angel? You like everything, so
I know you're going to have something good to say about it.
Well, I liked the first one from Silent Hill when we first did that one. That one, when
the other one came out, I liked that one. So, what do you think my answer is going to
be this time? Come on. What do you think? Ten? Yeah. You're such a Bomani whore. I love
it.
I want to take some calls on the Skype line.
If you want to give us a call, head on over to www.orangelandradio.com and click on interact
with us.
I'm kind of curious about some of your guys' feedback on UltraMix 2, specifically Song
Pack 7 if you've had a chance to check it out.
Any online experiences you might have had on Ultramix 2, and even if you want to talk
about a DDR festival, because we haven't talked a whole lot about DDR festival and that's
just because none of us in Sacr- I don't think a single person in Sacramento that I know
of anyway has bought the game, so we don't know what to say about it.
And to add to that, if you'd like to talk about Drawn Together as well, no, that's not-
The house has been rearranged in Halo 2 land position.
I have no room to put any dance pads or anything.
Look at this place.
Hello.
You can sit on our dance.
You have infinitely more room.
Dance got the...
Normally in my living room we have the TV on one wall, the couch on one wall, and the
loveseat back on the far wall.
Now the loveseat and couch are back to back with just enough room to have a place to put
your legs in an Xbox between TVs.
It is currently in LAN mode.
Are you guys hosting a bunch of Halo 2 parties or something?
Dan did on his birthday on Monday.
Oh, his birthday was Monday, huh?
Yeah.
Happy birthday, Dan.
I wasn't here for that.
Oh.
He told me I should feel guilty.
Oh, now that's not true.
That's not true.
Well, I don't think anybody's calling us on the Skyline, so what can we do?
Dan, I think so.
Except now they're talking about drawing together in our chat room.
freaking ass, Loki. Jerk. Loki, now you keep telling me that you're going to start playing
UltraMix 2, because I notice that every time I've been playing it, you're like, yeah, I
need to play that. Yeah, I need to play that. Are you actually going to be playing? Oh,
we're finally getting a call. You're on, you get a reprieve for now, but as soon as this
call's done, we're going to ask you about that. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Legend Zaku here. Hi Zaku, how are you?
Well, I don't have that much to share because, you know,
as I said, you know, I'm a college student. Then get off the phone!
No, I'm kidding. I don't have a PS2 or an Xbox. I might get one this Christmas, but I'm kinda
iffy on which one should I get. You know, Bamani-wise, that is.
So you don't have a PS2 or an Xbox. You're asking the age-old question, which
system should I get?
No, but in regards to not only, you know, games, but also Bamani
as well. I'm adding a little kick to it.
And you have nothing to add about drawn together.
He didn't hear that one.
And you have nothing to add about drawn together.
I did see South Park last Wednesday, but that was about it.
No, no, no. Quit trying to derail this program, Loki, Zaku, Shane.
All right. As far as Xbox versus PS2, here it is basically.
If you're interested in something that's going to remind you of the arcade,
gonna bring you the arcade experience to the home something where there's a lot
of different songs available something with itoy support if you want to get
your hands involved go for the ps2 if you want to get something where you can
play online and you want to play against other people that live around go for the
Xbox but here's the thing you being the starving college student that means
you're gonna have to pay for the Xbox Xbox Live and then five bucks a song
pack so I don't know what what are you looking at also with the ps2 I might
I have to mod it. I have to mod it if I'm going to play 2DX or any of those lovely but
modded games besides CD-R.
Well, that's very true, and then that's going to cost you money as well. I mean, if you
want to play the Japanese game. And that's the other thing. If you plan on modding your
PS2, which, you know, can have mixed results, I guess I hear now it's a pretty easy mod.
I live in the city. I live in the city. Chinatown's not that far, and I can always get it modded
there.
Alright, alright. Fair enough. So you can get a modded PS2. So if you're interested
in 2DX or Poppin' or any of that stuff, you're definitely going to want to get the PS2.
Here's the other thing to consider, too. We have PS3 and Xbox2 likely to be out in stores before next Christmas.
We don't know for sure, but if I were a betting man, I would say those things are going to be in stores next Christmas,
which means the systems that are out there now, their prices will be halved, or they'll be $100 or less.
Yeah, I probably already took notice of that, and I think 9th Style, if it does come out next year for PS2,
I don't know if it's going to jump into the next console or just be the last PS2 2DX game.
I'm kind of hoping that there is a 9th style and a 10th style pretty back-to-back.
I'm kind of hoping that those games come out pretty quickly.
PS2 or just one for PS2 and the next for PS3.
I hope they both come out.
I think it's a given that PS3 will play PS2 games, so they ought to just both come out for PS2.
Yeah, seeing as, you know, I already noticed that 2DX games come out, you know, there's always 2DX games coming out for PS2 every single year.
And basically, from what I'm speculating, from what I'm predicting, 9th Style might come out in May next year or something, or near the summer.
Who knows? Nobody really knows.
I'm taking a guess here.
Yeah, you're taking a shot.
I'm taking an educated guess from...
But, you know, alright, I think pretty much I...
You know what? Then again, 9th style would make a lot of sense on Playstation 3, because then they could fuck up the timing.
Try putting it on a new system, just like the arcade ones.
And if I get a PS2 for Bomani, I'm going to have to pay money for the 2DX controller, Pop'n Music, so that's going to be equally the same if I'm going to try going after both.
Because one will have more peripherals, and the other will have more services and things to buy.
Now, also to even confuse things even more, there's also the Phantom console that's coming
out and, um, the, how is that confusing? Who gives a shit about the Phantom? Seriously?
What the, what's that? Exactly, exactly. Hey, I've got pictures of the drill on orange
on radio dot com. And I hear rumors, I hear rumors of the, um, N-Gage 2 that's shaped
like a banana. I have rumors of a foul movement I'm about to have after this show. Here's
the thing though, if you're looking for a Bomani, a system for a Bomani, don't get a
GameCube. Of course not, hell no. GameCubes are not worth the money. Hey, don't you be
knocking the GameCube, it's a beautiful system. I'm not knocking them. I mean, it's cheap,
but I mean, there's no Bomani. Don't make me come out there and cut you, because I will.
What, you're going to travel 3,000 miles? To cut you? To cut you, yes.
Do you even know where in New York do I live? I'll send my minions.
Yeah, sure.
And then do you want a cookie for that guy?
We can track your IP!
That's right.
Yeah. Live 365 has it all on record, I think.
Sure it does. What IP and what school am I going...
Am I doing this properly? You're going to the school of hang up in about five seconds there, buddy.
Thanks a lot, thanks a lot, Sky.
Alright, you're welcome.
Now I know what to...
Take care, Zaku.
Yeah, alright.
Bye.
Now I know what to choose later.
Zaku's always fun to talk to.
I like bullying him a little bit.
He's fun.
He's a fun guy.
Alright.
We're gonna go do the Orange Launch Radio Cage Match.
We gotta get into that.
week in the Orange Launch Radio cage match. Loki was the winner, but it doesn't matter
because that was a one-time thing, so that gets thrown out and we go back to the cage
match at hand. Our reoccurring winner, Gwen Stefani, What You Waiting For? It's a song
I put in the cage match, believe it or not, three weeks ago. So because it won last week
by default, this is the last time it can win. And if it wins tonight, it'll become the second
We're gonna play three songs for you guys, one song from each host. We only have one song in Orange Lounge History to be retired from the Cage Match, so we'll see.
Alright, we'll see. Loki seems convinced it's gonna be gone.
Jamie, you have something you wanna say?
Thank you. What a woman.
Alright, here we go. Here's a clip of last- oh yeah, the way the Cage Match works.
You gotta be in our chat room, you gotta be listening live on Sunday night.
www.orangetownstrated.com, click on chat. We're gonna play three songs for you guys,
One song from each host.
We only play a clip of last week's winner though, because you already heard the song
back when it first won, because you listen to Orange Lounge Radio every week, right?
Right?
Anyway, then you're going to send in your vote, and the winning song goes into rotation
all week long on Orange Lounge Radio, 24-7, Balmaini Music and More program.
Alright, here it is.
Enough talking.
A clip of song number one you can vote for tonight.
Gwen Stefani, what you waiting for?
Take a chance cause you might grow
What you waiting, what you waiting for?
Take a chance cause you might grow
Looking like a fellow, you're receding yourself
You know it all by heart, why are you standing in one place?
A moon to blast, a moon to carry
You're moving in and out cause of your search for a new zone
I know it's been messed up how our society all things short
Life is short, you're capable
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
And look at your watch now
You're still a super hot female
You've entered a million dollar contract
And they're all waiting for your heart track
Ooh, watch it, watch it, watch it, watch it, watch it, watch it
Ooh
Ooh, watch it, watch it, watch it, watch it, watch it, watch it,
What you waiting for?
I can't wait to go
Back into Japan
All right, that was song number one in tonight's cage match.
Gwen Stefani with What You Waiting For, What's So Goddamn Funny?
Talking about combining different groups.
We've got Britney Spears and Flo and then B4U, we have B4U.
You guys are crazy.
all right let's get the song number two in tonight's cage match it's Jamie it's
your pick mine's an apology for making everyone listen to that bad remix of
emerge so put in the original instead just because I really wanted to play it
and I don't care if it was or not all right I think the lesson I did was
that so this is the Fisher Spooner with emerge Fisher Spooner with emerge the
non remixed version I was gonna say I thought you had a Fisher Spooner song in
before I could have heard their sex before okay I will here it is you guys
song number two you can vote for tonight fisher spooner emerge enjoy
Hi, ho, hi, hyper, hyper mediocrity
You don't need to be much from nothing You don't need to step up with
Feels good, looks good, sounds good, looks good, feels good too
He was good too, all that's right He was good too, all that's right
You don't need to think English on your own, you don't need to share a word You don't need
The English was nothing, you don't give a shit about it
You don't need me
You are so nothing
You don't need to get away
You don't need me
You are so nothing
Uh huh, that's right Uh huh, that's right
Any paid attention
You don't need to
Yeah, one girl, I think
You don't need to
Go alone
You don't need to
Yeah, one girl, I think
You don't need to
Go alone
You don't need to
Yeah, one girl, I think
We don't want it, we don't want nothing, we are being careful
the nine for me but i don't really care an apathetic nine from dark sakura
seriously i just put it in just because i wanted to listen to it that's a good enough reason as any
uh arcadian see if that mic will work again for you no is it it's on there we go okay yes
uh it's all right no i don't really like it all that much so i'll give it a six
a six from Markidian. Uh, Loki!
I didn't get it.
Was that supposed to be a song?
Because it sounded just like some stupid synth in the background and talking over it.
So I don't get it.
I'm trying to go- it sounds like a Beck-type thing, but no.
No.
I can't imagine this being actually better than the original remix.
Of course I don't remember that remix of it, so um...
I get the one sorry I you know what I actually dig the sense in that song
quite a bit it's I see that it's kind of like maybe a song I would listen to all
I'm driving home late at night it's pretty cool and it's got a very much of
an 80s vibe going for me my only complaint is that the little quiet I'd
like something maybe a little bit more driving but I actually like to say I
like I've become a total synth pop horror lately and yes a lot of that has
to do with ultra mix too so that song kind of fits in for me so I'm giving it
at 8. Angel? I liked it a lot, I'll give it an 8. Alright, remember it doesn't matter
what we think though, it's all up to you guys. But you get a third song to pick from tonight,
and Loki is being cheap tonight, let's hear what he's going to pick. Thank you for the
introduction. Now this song, as we already heard, it was last week, we played it. This
This is their cover of The Fix, Midi Head, with Deeper and Deeper, or Monolithic, whatever.
Actually, it's Monolithic, but yeah.
Alright, so here it is, song number three tonight.
a cover of The Fix with Monolithic with Deeper and Deeper. Enjoy, we'll be back.
I'm talkin' about skill in the tomb, no I don't
I'm talkin' about, screw the show, when they're all letting go
Take a look at the wits, see the touch on her eyes, tell me what does she feel
This is the way of the world, let's take a look at the girls, show them how it looks real
And I see the edge, I look, I fall
I get deeper, and deeper
The more I see, the more I fall
Nobody finds me when I take the call, I get deeper, and deeper
Once I see me, hey, hey, I'm a-gonna take a picture
Can I see the edge? I look out for
Like it's deeper, it's deeper
The more I see, the more I fall
The way time can really save the call
I get deeper, it's deeper
Ah, ah, ah, ah, I see the edge, I look out for
The place to hide, better take a call
I see the edge
I see the end of the world
I don't see the end
It's time to go take it all
This is the way of the world
Deep Earth
This is the way of the world
Deep Earth
When they're already gone
I'm talking about the scale of the show, no I don't
I'm talking about the scale of the show, when they're all letting go
Take a look at the wind, see the smoke in her eyes, tell me what is it real
Is this the way of the world, is it a boy or a girl, is it all a lie or a thrill
And I see the edge, I look, I fall, I get deeper, and deeper, the more I see, the more
I fall, the later I see, when I take the call, I get deeper, and deeper, I see the edge,
Foul
There's no place to hide
I can't make a reference, Jamie what did you think?
I liked everything about the song except for the guy's voice.
So it gets, uh...
Well, damn, the music gets a ten, the voice gets a one.
So...
Loki says it gets an eleven.
Seven. Only because of the voice.
Can you hear me? Yes, I can hear you.
a nine from Bradley Loki it gets a 10 and if you like this go to MIDI head
calm by his album and then tell them that orange laundry you sent you you'll
get access to this wonderful song as well as many other remixes he's done I
should listen to that song quite a bit on my new iPod lately so I I have to
miss it's actually a really good song I just hope we don't he doesn't turn into
the new echo image on this station seriously no but actually it's a great
song it's a great cover and I like it nine angel I like it all right good
cover all right an explicit who just walked in doesn't get to focus in here
that song all right all right guys you're gonna place your vote momentarily
But first, here is a recap of the three songs you can vote for tonight.
Song number one you can vote for tonight, Gwen Stefani, Whatcha Waitin' For.
Song number two you can vote for tonight is Fisher Spooner with Emerge.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Monolithic doing a cover of The Fix deeper
and deeper.
Alright place vote now.
Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote.
And we will see what happens.
Alright moving right along.
I've been perusing some of the message forums out there lately, DDRfreak namely being one
of them.
I thought there was this very interesting thread over there in Random Chat.
You know how they do a lot of like really crazy stuff over in Random Chat?
You know the Random Chat stuff, right?
Right, DarkSakura?
Being a mod over there and everything?
Yes.
What's this random that you talk about?
We don't know anything about random on this show.
Just out of curiosity, this is total tangent, but since I'm thinking DarkSakura here in
how much she loves to lock topics over there. What would you say would be the most favorite
topic you've gotten to lock on Random Chat? Hi, please lock this. Yes, I've had a please
lock this before. Hi, please lock this. Alright. There's an interesting topic going on there
in Random Chat. It's called, do you actually play DDR anymore? And I thought it was kind
of interesting, just seeing how many people actually don't play DDR anymore. So I kind
of was going to go around the room a little bit and see, do you play DDR anymore? And
if not, why are you doing this show? Because I have a creative, I'll start. Do I play DDR
anymore? A little bit, not as much nearly as I used to. I play a little bit of Ultra
Mix 2 at home. Most of my DDR playing is controller controller. The reason why I don't play DDR
much anymore is because the quality of arcades in this area went downhill significantly.
Konami of Japan can suck it for not putting out a new mix in a long time, I think that
has a lot to do with the reason why I haven't played DDR in a long time. The home versions
are the only thing keeping it alive to me, but I just can't motivate my fat ass to pull
out the ignition pad, especially when the ignition pad, as good of a dance pad as it
is, it's still not the arcade. I want to play DDR in the arcade, and there's no good arcade
and yes I realized there was that step mania thing but to me it's it's still
only 90% and it and it the damn thing broke in a week anyway and it's still
not everything that DDR is it still got issues and in the groove it's okay but
yeah just you know ego killed the video game star I guess uh Dark Sakura do you
play DDR anymore? I played DDR when I was in Alabama. Well, there you go. Do you play
it regularly besides that? When I'm somewhere that has a machine, I'll play. I've got more
reason to play now than I go play Doc at RVGL. Thus, I'd add a little bit of money and go
play some DDR. I played like one game of DDR when I went to go play Doc at Derby Owners
Club over at Rosewood Golf Land, but here's the problem. I fucking failed Breakdown. Now,
you know, it's a nine-footer. It's a more difficult song at the end of the scale, but
But you have to remember, I'm somebody who was playing DDR religiously for quite some time, and, you know, I...
It just makes me sad how much stamina I've lost, you know?
Arkadian, do you actually play DDR anymore?
Not really, just mainly because my foot's been hurting, because I haven't had that much money lately.
No, I might be able to go once my foot feels 100% or 90% at least, and maybe more in the future.
Because it's been so long and I need to get off my fat ass and I sit around too much.
And so on.
Loki, do you play DDR anymore?
Is DDR in Final Fantasy XI?
A DICKED!
Yes, I do, on StepMania. Every once in a while, I'll play it.
But, yes, to answer your question earlier about you, you know, Xbox and stuff, and if I was ever going to play it,
no, because I'm going to actually set up my StepMania cabinet to be playing this stuff.
In fact, that's why I bought crap today to cut the other control panel for the actual, you know, select arrows and stuff.
That's why I was going to do that today. I'm hopefully going to build that this week,
a while back, a new, um, IPAC thing to hook it all up, and I have to see if it's gonna get fried as easy as the other one.
So, it's all on, uh, contingent on that, whether I get to play it some more.
And I'm playing the arcade, cause the arcade's too far away, takes too much of my time, cuts into my Final Fantasy XI time, and, um, the arcade's broken all the time.
I'm not in a way fucking out of shape. I go and play, like, a seven-footer on doubles, and I'm ready to die.
die. I mean, whatever happened to me? That's what I want to know. It never used to be this
hard. But once I get back in shape, yeah, I play a lot more. I just need to finish my
arcade cabinet before I move out of here, so that's priority one.
You don't play a whole lot of DDR in the arcade or at home anymore, yet you're very gung-ho
about this cabinet and everything. Why do you think that is? Is it just a love for the
basic concept of the game or? I like building stuff, have you noticed? Stuff that doesn't
work. Like the portal to hell. For example, the portal to hell. Also I noticed you tend
to build things halfway through and don't finish them. Such as these lovely metal pads
that have been sitting over here for the past. The pads are done. Can we play Xbox or PS2
games with them right now? We can if I hooked up the other, the umm, I pack thing because
all I have to do is switch out the old iPack and it plugs right in and it works. But the
thing is, the thing is I haven't bought the adapter for the Xbox or the PS2 yet because
it was hooked up directly to my computer. But yes I could. I could if I wanted to. It
just would take a while because I'd have to wire everything. But it's just that those
things, I would be curious how thick the layer of dust is on those metal pads that are sitting
right there. Can I go, can I go wipe my finger on it and see how much dust is on them? Here
you go, Loki. They also buy the air intake, just so you know. Oh yeah, okay, I have an
idea. Let me wipe the dust off of my little, my computer desk here, because I get quite
a bit used to that. Oh look, it's gray. Let me wipe the dust off of every, there's dust
anywhere in here. It's not a surprise that there's dust on those. That and they're right
next to the air intake, which I'm sure is not good for the air conditioner one bit,
but that's all right. No wonder it smells like wood in this house all the time, this
strange mix of metal and everything. All right, explicit. Welcome to the show, by the way.
I noticed you just ran in there. Put down the DS for a minute. Quit chatting with Angel
pick a chat for a minute all right that Mike's been giving us yeah they are like
what eight feet what the hell this is what I think we're exchanging special
pictures this is wrong people you need to talk talk to talk II just like you
know the people I am in each other when they're sitting in a cafe talk they're
they're riding a penis back and forth to each other no Rob that's you last night
Thank you.
Thank you.
You got to hold the mic at the bottom, because it's going out tonight.
That mic's on its last legs.
Can you hear me now?
Yes, I can hear you now.
Do you play DDR?
Well, since there's been tournaments and stuff, and some new people want me to come back again,
I guess I'll play again.
Well, even though the DDR scene is dying in a way, because there hasn't been any releases
for the arcades and stuff, I just totally understand the world.
But it's just the new people, the community, the new members are just trying to get released
Well even though the DDR scene is dying in a way, because there has been any releases for the arcades and stuff, you just totally understand the world.
But it's just the new people, the community, the new members are just trying to get, bringing it back again in a way.
You give me $100,000, I'll bring back DDR. I'm telling you.
The only way you can bring back DDR is by fixing the stand-media cabinet, dammit.
Damn it.
Fuck that, Kevin.
Give me $100,000.
Hell, give me just $20,000 and I'll bring it back.
Don't you think that...
Now, call me crazy because it's not supposed to be DDR, quote, unquote, but don't you think
In the Groove was sort of a way to try to bring DDR back?
That's why I always got the impression that In the Groove was...
Even though it's not DDR.
Well, the thing about In the Groove is that not many cabinets have been sold around the
U.S. just yet, and very few songs are in it.
It's mainly just testing the waters until the groove 2 comes out and stuff.
And it also depends on what step makers are they going to hire and what songs they're going to put in it.
Hell, they put UltraMix in the DDR camp and I play it.
The first week after UltraMix 2 is out, I put the call out on the show.
I said, we need to hound the shit out of Konami of Hawaii and however it has to happen.
to happen. I don't care if some arcade division went under or what the shit happened. I don't
care how it has to happen. It just needs to happen. Hawaii needs to make a new arcade
mix. End of story. I don't care who's gotta be blown, who's gotta be paid the money. Make
it happen. You know what's hella funny though? The hella companies are saying that the whole
arcade business is dying. Unless you're trying to do like this car system like Tekken 5 and
or Midnight Tuner, or Initial D.
Yeah, but the lines for Tekken 5? Insane.
Honestly. You can't say Tekken 5 is not, I mean, despite how you feel about the Tekken series,
it's, you know, the biggest crowd I've seen in an arcade in a long time.
I have no clue.
You know, that's just like people saying, oh, well, you know, internet's killing the telephones.
People still use the telephones, just like people use the internet.
Yes, people still use the telephone, and I talk to them.
Sorry.
The reason why I pump it up is making more and more money just building new machines and stuff.
me to be the first to offer sex to anyone at Konami of Hawaii if you can make yourselves
a new DDR game. You know what? Not the Konami of Japan does a bad job, so if they want to
do a new mix, I'm perfectly fine with that as well. I will extend my sex offer to Konami
of Tokyo as well, case said. So just make me a new DDR and I will put out. It's that
simple. Anybody else care to offer their sexual favors?
No favors.
This is what's pissing me off. They're like,
Oh, this is too expensive to license songs here in America.
That's why we can't do it.
Do all in-house music. You have like, what, like five different series of culprits?
Or do what you've been doing for years.
License the song in Japan and then let the machines come over here.
That's what they've been doing for years.
Because it's cheaper to license the songs in Japan, obviously.
look a little weird but like I made this machine over here in Japan it's called a
DDR Extreme USA but it's not meant to be played in the United States just they
could call they could call it DDR shit mix and I'd still play it I'm sorry
shitake they could call it DDR shitake mix I would still play it angel you
still play DDR at all? You're probably more into DDR than anyone I know right now, so
I have to ask you this. Oh, yeah. In fact, I'm probably gonna break down and get a dual-platform
Ignition, because I want to play on Xbox Live. So, yeah, I'm looking into getting both of
those this week, UltraMix 2 and NewPad, because Magus is dying anyway, so I might as well
We'll just replace it, and then we can play doubles and stuff.
It's cool.
All right, speaking of ignition, which is better, ignition or cobalt flux?
I couldn't tell you because I haven't really played enough cobalt flux.
I saw it a little bit at E3, but it wasn't familiar enough with it.
They're both the same fucking pad.
It's the same damn thing with a different logo on it.
That's all it is.
You can't get much different.
Oh, our metal is different than your metal.
What about the quality and how many times could it be stepped?
It doesn't matter, they're the fucking same.
The scum of flesh says not even a rhino could beat down the pad.
Oh yeah! Do they have a rhino to test this?
Do they take it to Africa and go, hey rhino! Step on the pad!
How do you like it? I mean, I'm sorry.
Now I can say, yeah guess what? Jupiter has nothing on this pad!
This pad can fuck up Jupiter!
Seriously, they're just pulling the shit out of their ass, okay?
A rhino can't fuck this up!
oh well I guess what Bigfoot recommends you know red octane so fuck that it's
stupid really to be honest when it comes down the pads don't buy off the internet
buy stuff that you can see a store buy it like fries and stuff where you can
actually see these pads because the shit you get off the internet and because I
have bought metal pads you know off the internet and I stepped on them and they
bent they bent downwards and I was like what the fuck it was retarded pads are
They're not meant to be folded in half.
Well, talk about how they say SUVs can't bust them on their advertisements.
Our chat room over at www.orangelaunchrader.com clicking on chat, interesting point, there
already is a DDR shit mix, and it's the don't fall off mix, the DDR Extreme bootleg.
You know the one that would speed up?
Well, actually there's two of them.
Yeah, I know about the speed up.
I know about the bootleg.
The one that will speed up.
DDR Extreme Plus, thank you.
There's the DDR Extreme, yeah, the one in Country Club Lane, speed up, ooh, let's speed
Max 300 and let's see if we can beat it at 360ppm, oh wow, or hear Cartoon Heroes in
a very high touch voice.
You know what, this is the other thing, I want to change the topic, I want to change
the topic, because this is another topic I always see on Freak, and it comes up in many
different kinds of discussions, and it doesn't just come up on Freak, honestly, I've seen
it even in our chatroom, I've seen it on other sites, what is the deal with Cartoon Heroes?
Why do so many people freaking love that song and are quick to label a mix as utter shit
if that song isn't in it?
I don't understand what is so great about the song.
Is it a good song?
Yeah, it's a great song.
It was a little better when Aqua did it.
But it's a good song.
Is it fun to play?
Kinda.
I mean, I'll die when I play it.
But why do so many people freaking obsess over Cartoon Heroes?
Like, do you know how many people threw a fit when that song was in Extreme USA?
Let's look back in GDR history and view what we call the songs that ruin mixes.
Starting with, third mix, Afronova, who could love this wonderful African chant as you jump
around like a complete nut.
Fourth mix, Kick the Can, with its repetitive steps over and over and over again.
There's another contributing factor 1 2 3 4 0 0 7
You're forgetting though my edit to kick the can aka big cans was awesome and made that song redeemable
Okay, as I would continue on to fifth mix hot limits the song is just you don't understand what they're saying
But you know, it's very long
Anyways, um, DDR Max. I'd say probably that would be, um, Exotic Ethnic was pretty repetitive in DDR Max. Oh no, Flash in the Night. Yeah, that was another one. Flash in the Night.
Hold on, your mic is still cutting out a little bit. Hold it at the bottom.
A little bit. Hold it at the bottom. Yeah, try it, try it. Put it close to your mouth. There you go.
That's the same reason why Cartoon Heroes got ported. That's the same reason why it's so deep it's getting ported off with DDR Max.
Because it's like hard as hell 9.
I would say the song that ruined DDR Max, even though I love this song, Cowgirl.
Cowgirl, yes. Um, Max 2, Sagaru, and who could not forget the song that added everyone dancin'...
Blow My Whistle, Bitch.
Oh, God.
Blow My Whistle, Bitch definitely ruined Max 2. Okay, so, make your point, please.
My point is... I don't have a point. The point is that...
that there's always gonna be a song that people...
they're catchy and annoying catchy and to be honest i hate cartoon heroes and i know there's
50 bands out there that all sound like them in fact i hear different artists i'm like is that
you know aqua no it's not aqua it's um toy box or it's you know insert band here you know captain
jack i mean it's they sound all the fucking same they have like the same singer that sings super
high-pitched
i think that it's a man who's been you know
i think she's on smack that's what's going on she's on helium
she's fucking taking speed she's on crack
crystal meth
it's awful okay
there's always going to be that annoying song
It's annoying when it was originally- Have you seen the video for this? The video for
this is fucking annoying, okay? Honestly, it's just like, you're confusing the original-
There was no video to that. You're confusing the original Aqua song, which is a little-
It's a little bit slower, even though it sounds very similar. It's a little bit slower. Pretty
Pretty much. Okay, take the original Cartoon Heroes by Aqua and play it on DDR Extreme
Plus with the plus twenty percent modifier and that's what you get.
Ah!
It's awful.
It's awful.
It's awful.
Anyways, yeah, they should have Extreme Plus Plus, which like, you know, speeds it up by
a hundred percent or something like that.
It's just unbelievable.
A hundred percent? Okay, max six hundred.
Anyways.
One, two, three, four, max three hundred.
Then we have songs that ruin the remix scene, but we'll do that another day.
Speaking of songs that ruin DDR, I wanted to have an old-school flashback and start
it off with an old favorite song of mine. Love this song. Jamie was dying to hear some
Second Mix songs that are actually good songs, so we're going to put those in. So we're going
to play those songs. But we have to start it off with a song I've been threatening all
night long. It is the most old-school of old-school DDR songs. Please take a minute, despite how
you feel about this song, this one goes out to the one and only, God bless his soul, he's
not listening to us right now because he's out there, Kyle Snyder. God bless Kyle Snyder,
seriously. But honestly, this, despite how you feel about this song, respect for a moment
Please, we'll be back here on Orange Last Radio.
I'll be searching in the woods, and trying from the fields, just to find a sweet summer
sunrise.
I'll be searching in the woods, and trying from the fields, just to find a sweet summer
I'm on the hill just to find my sweet summer summer ride
One, one secret to keep me in this mess
Yes, I need fun in my summer ride
Aye, aye, aye, on your lips after five
We make a move, make a color to the sky
Aye, aye, aye, on your lips after five
We make a move, make a color to the sky
Boom, boom, money finin', dawg
It's Mr. Evans, darlin', you're the one that you know about, baby
Aye, aye, aye, aye, till I December
All the stinks inside of my mind
I'll be
Aye, aye, aye, aye
You keep the pockets full of green, green, darlin'
I love you boy, it's your time
You're very hard, you look like a young fella
Take me overnight
Boom, boom, boom, boom
Something like a boom, boom
Boom, boom, boom, boom
That you wanna
Boom, boom, boom, boom
Pushing all the buttons
More
Time
Boom, boom, boom, boom
I, I, I, I
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Don't give them my way, yeah, yeah
Leave them out on the streets at night
I've been picking up those kind of strangers
You can fly, you can fly
When you can't go, you can fly, you can fly
But you want it inside
You ask yourself, who they are Like everybody else, they wanna be alone
There comes, there comes, you've got your dirty back down
There comes, there comes, you've got your dirty back down
We are back, hi, on Orange Lounge Radio.
We are such nerds, I was sitting there chatting on my DS with everyone else during the break.
We have four DS's in this-
I didn't think we had five, but I'm not breaking mine out.
I know. Yeah, that's right. You got your DS here too, Jamie. We could just have a DS chat.
I was trying to put some pictures there on the webcam.
I wrote penis, really dark, so you guys could see it, and then put it in the chat room.
Who's calling me during the show?
These people should know better.
Especially this person.
Shame.
Alright.
I'm just waiting-
What about- Yes.
I'm just waiting for the emulator to work with bluetooth and then we'll get a wireless router so we can upload them all to a streaming chat room.
That's the dream.
Oh god, for the person who requested butterfly pikachu mix in the chat, no!
I do have that, I do have that. No, I'm not going to fire them.
Who wants to hear who won the cage match tonight?
The winning song of tonight's cage match actually surprised me a little bit. It only won by two votes. Not one vote, but two votes. It all came down to two votes. The winning song of tonight's cage match.
Believe it or not, it won. I'm actually surprised. I thought Monolithic had it sealed.
Because she said it was going to be retired, and they want another retired one.
That's basically it. So, Gwen Stefani is officially retired. It'll spend one more week in the spotlight, and then three brand new songs for you to listen to next week.
As is her career.
What?
As is her career.
I was going to take another call over Skype, but I know that our chatters are kind of shy
and probably wouldn't want to call in, so how about we get into the FUs of the week?
I think now is a good time, especially after that victory, to get into the FUs of the week.
Does that sound like a plan for you, Jamie?
Eh.
Alright, and why is it, Miss Jamie, that we have to do the FUs of the week every single
week on this show?
because everything sucks
big f u goes toward the stinky person on the plane who cut a big fart sitting in front of me
F.U. goes toward just general backwards ass shit, having no free time, and my weird grammatical
errors, and the four bottles of Guinness I had last night, and that's really about it.
That's it?
Yeah.
I don't want a big F.U. to my mom for saying that her chronic bronchitis is not aggravated
by cigarette smoke.
No.
Alright, you sure you're done? Are you sure?
Yep.
You sure?
Yes.
Alright. Alright, here we go. Loki, your turn.
Fuck you, Folsom, on multiple occasions.
Number one being, um, the lights, literally, the lights, the stop lights around here are
so short. I came to a stop light. I saw it turn from
green
to read field uh...
you know all the colors and everything
with less than a second
public what the fuck
there's not even enough time for one car to go through life
is ridiculous
then uh...
but you too uh... a giant marathon is out there
fucking hell
i've got a lot of eyes that we don't live around here
the matter
you didn't have to hear it five in the fucking morning
PORC program
County over giant loud speaker out
right if but enough that they think to go for my parking vop
up close to our apartment with gotten into the body or party
okay four portn' potty meeting with 50 or two body
along the street right date for more disease
replays in the parking fees is along with
some stupid booth, okay? Now, I'm no genius here, but since the fucking, you know, damn
road is closed, eh, I'd say that's a pretty good chance that you could probably put that
booth right there next to all the goddamn fucking porta-potties. Wow! Wouldn't that
make sense? But no. So we have to make noise for three hours. Three hours in the morning.
See, I was expecting not to hear the marathon because last time I slept through it, but,
You know, I got woken up, and my first thing that came to my mind was, this is fucking
ridiculous.
And we went outside, and there's tons of runners, and trust me, if I'm outside-
KCR A3 is protecting you with our live pinpoint Doppler radar.
I don't fucking care about your pinpoint Doppler radar!
I was trying to find a link to the chatroom.
I was trying to find a link about the marathon.
There was a story on a local news station I was going to send it to, that's actually
kinda funny now that I think about it. F U channel 3. So anyway, yeah, that really sucks.
Other than that, a premature, oh man, premature fuck you to my car that has to go in on Thursday,
and it's gonna suck because I'm gonna, I know they're gonna try to screw me out of my fucking
vinuvinumusic
unintelligent people my entire life people that misspell something and then
miss they're like for instance please help me out spell PL PL no PL I first
and they're all I'm sorry and misspelled that PL is please please please help me
out I'm going to Ragnarok chat my god I would say please learn how to spell
anyways I just hate people and they're bad grammar I mean honestly I can
I understand shorthand, you know, using R and U as actual words, even though they're not, um, but, you know, just, if you're going to at least spell correctly or do the abbreviations correctly, because I can't understand you when you're typing and all this weird shit, adding spaces where they do not belong, I don't know. I'm done.
After you to that marathon that was going on outside the house this morning, seriously,
you can go to like any Sacramento based website and read about this marathon, it's a huge
event that happens every year.
I think that's great if you want to do a marathon and what have you, but freaking shut up or
start the thing after, you know, after, there's a noise ordinance in the city that says do
do not make noise until after eight a.m.
So, frickin' turn your loudspeakers off until eight a.m.
Or, you know what, it doesn't make sense to me.
We live right behind a huge lake that is emptiness.
There's nothing at the lake.
Nobody goes to the lake in the wintertime.
Start the marathon just like 300 feet away at the lake, okay?
Honestly, it's a marathon.
They can run a little further.
But Rob, it's 9-11 and, you know, Paris.
But here's the thing I don't understand, okay? I can understand, okay, I would have not had a problem if the guy is just like, you know, okay, we're gonna be starting the race at da da da da time, you know, this kind of thing?
And then at the time, you know, five, four, three, two, one, go! You know, like he did. But no, he had the, and ah bah bah bah bah bah bah bah bah bah!
He just talked for three hours straight! It's like, you know, I understand you have, you know, the P.A. and stuff to, you know, get a hold of, you know, the attention of these people.
these people. But you don't need to fucking talk, like, all the time! Just say, okay,
well, you know, announce, you know, 15 minutes before the race starts, you know, so you can
get in your marks, you know, and then do the countdown, and that's it! Oh, and then there's
a fucking siren after that! Wooooo! Like, cause you didn't, you didn't see, oh, why
are all those people running? One more thing I forgot to add, sorry I'm stealing your thing,
what do you believe the party here
because the report
now i get that the ok i'd get the f you to the police department because frickin
i called them at six thirty in the morning thing
there is a marathon going on side of the outside this house i'm sure you're aware
but they are being way too loud and that he's what she's like
sorry sir there's nothing i can do about that
i said are you aware that there's no there's a city ordinance that they can
ignore it before eight a m
if you have an issue that you have to call city hall and request a permit
Now I'm gonna have to look like a big, Grinchy asshole when the fact of the matter is I'm
probably not even gonna live here next year, but I am not gonna let this shit slide!
I am pissed that they woke me up at 6.30 on a freaking Sunday when I was out drinking
the night before!
ASS!
Sorry, Loki, you had a thought.
My thought was because this police officer parked his car in the middle of the fucking
lane on the street, no reason, just sitting there with his flashers on, not blocking traffic
because there's an accident or he pulled someone over or he was
filling around with god knows what you've worked in the middle of fucking
road
for no reason
so i went around it
on the inside
at
so there was a dead person there i would have run over
to be continued i'm going to call and complain on monday just you wait and i
know the neighbors upstairs i'm proud of you
i'm taking lessons from jamie i'm gonna have approved read my angry letter
I'll do it too. I'll make up stuff to put in it.
Awesome, and you should sign it, even though you don't live here.
Alright.
Let's go around and get some other folks in the studio to get their FUs of the week.
We'll start off with Angel.
Um...
Just FU to...
Yeah, I don't know. Shit.
I actually don't really have one.
FU to my instructor because he's mad.
he's actually letting us out on the 8th or something like that
but uh... we still gotta come back to the finals, so I don't know what's up with that. I don't know, whatever.
Arcadian42, you're up use of the week.
Alright, make sure...
Can you hear me? Can you? I can hear you.
Okay, uh...
I don't know about the winter, it just makes my skin start getting all dry and I just drink lots of water, but it still doesn't help.
Anyway, yeah, and Loki was talking about stupid traffic lights. There's one near my work that's stupid that's misprogrammed.
like changes in five seconds after like five seconds from green to yellow
and some like recently they fucked up the timing so that
this crossroad isn't getting all that much traffic it's like
you have to sit there for a minute before it goes back to green
so that's annoying
get a laziness
but still hurting evening from
plain DDO or something
Lazy, yeah, whatever.
walking in the fucking freeway just because the fucking marathon was going on. Oh, you're
just going to cause more trouble to the fucking freeway. Thanks a lot. Okay. And F.E. to the
forums nowadays saying about girls playing DDR or gays playing DDR. Who gives a shit?
People play DDR. That is all. I have something to say about that, but I'll wait until later.
Nobody knows that girls and gays have no place in DDR.
I was not going to say that by just saying.
You know, two-thirds of the show is comprised of girls and gays, so I would watch your little
mouth there.
I mean, I'm just saying, it's just DDR.
There's nothing special about it.
Some people take it way too seriously in the forums.
All right, is that it?
FU2 Finals coming up soon.
FU2 for not being able to spend money for Christmas because I have to spend some money on bills and stuff.
And that's about it for now.
Alright, let's get to the chatroom FUs.
They're mad at me because I told them they had to keep it short tonight.
They don't like that.
But seriously, we've got like 20 people that send FUs in tonight.
It's a lot.
We need to go ahead and read one, though.
Yes, Jamie has one.
She wants to read first.
Because I'm actually on AAM right now and I'm not telling anybody what name I'm on.
It's a FU from Vogue Web Security.
A big FU to our roommate M for eating all of our food and not buying anything.
shipping ramps good sushi make all right dark knight would like to give a
gigantic fu to me getting sick and working at the same time somebody shoot
me please and one more f you for my dumbness when I took my placement test
during the week talk about brain farts man
seagurd says first f you goes to the show for not talking about drawn
together nearly enough for you f you to illusion for turning down offers of sex
for his vote, and FU to Hot Topic for not having any drawn together shirts, even though
they don't exist yet. You know, think about it this way. If Illusion had changed his vote
from Gwen to Monolithic, then it would have been a tie, and Jamie probably would have
went with Monolithic when she broke the tie. So, just think about that one.
No, wait, no. Oh, okay, well, hey. Flaronay says, FU to Nintendo for not allowing Game
Game Boy and Game Boy Color games to be played on the DS.
What the fuck?
This just goes along with Nintendo's method of getting you to buy the same thing 50 million
times.
MPQ says, F you to Microsoft for not letting me install Japanese IME.
I'm having that same problem too.
F you to Suncoast for ripping me off and charging me...
What?
What?
Explicit what?
You have to download a different patch, not the global IME from Microsoft.
Oh, maybe that's what's going on.
All right.
Who am I gonna meet for that?
Uh, FU to Suncoast for ripping me off and charging me $30 a disc for Azumanga Daioh.
I hope I said that right.
FU to the Ta-
What? What was that?
You said it right, Azumanga Daioh.
Hey, I pronounced something right. What do you know?
FU to the Taiko Drumsticks for being uncomfortable and hurting my hands.
FU to people who call it Singles and Doubles on DDR.
It's not tennis.
Lastly, fuck everyone who has access to 2DX.
It's Singles and Doubles.
The fuck you talking about? It is Singles and Doubles.
It's been singles and doubles since the first one.
I think...
What about Crack Planet?
I think it might be the way in which you say it.
I think I might get what it is.
I think I get the tennis comparison.
Did I get the fuck everyone who has access to 2DX? I don't know.
Those are from MPQ.
Poto says, F you to World of Warcraft eating up every second of my life.
Jaded2004 says, F you to everyone who hates smile decay.
Rychan says, F you to myself for being emotionally stupid last night.
F you to egos killing the gaming star.
Hey, didn't I say that one?
F you to tomorrow not being Thursday.
Big hug, Rychan, big hug.
Blarg says, F you to egalitarians?
Egalitarians.
Egalitarians, I can pronounce words.
I just have to sound it out in my mind.
Misty says, first and foremost, F you to the cage match.
Secondly, F you to chicken tenders and French toast sticks.
Cause I think I'm just pissed about that
cause I was working those parts of the kitchen at the time.
Oops, I hope I didn't close the new window.
I hope I didn't miss somebody's F you, sorry if I did.
Snow Cat says, F you to having a birthday in December
and to people who think it's better
to combine presents, bastards.
DJ Ramez says, giant F you to my job
for cutting my hours again.
You bastards, I gotta eat too, you know.
Another F.U. to the retard tech that I work with, you are a fucking tool.
I swear if you did get a job through affirmative action, I'm putting in my two weeks.
F.U. short version.
Oh, well I read the long version.
Legend of Zaku says, F.U. to not having a girlfriend.
F.U. to all the drama that I have to put up with in the DDR Freak New York forums,
thus resulting in the locking of the forums for a short time,
and the near split that was about to happen.
And F.U. to the Chinese language for being so fucking hard to speak and write.
I could say something about the New York forum thing.
I'll leave a comment.
OK, I'll comment, because I have no status on freaks,
so it's fine for me to comment.
You guys need to learn how to respect authority.
I'm not saying you in particular,
but I mean, it seems like when somebody says, don't do this,
like a million people want to do it.
And then you wonder why people get angry.
Anyway.
Films off the internet.
Anyway.
I'm going to get shit for that, but I don't care.
Dark Tetsuya says, a continued FU to Comcast.
I recently got to see the nuclear train wreck that
is the new screen savers.
I can tell the show's going down the toilet.
Oh my god, Rob, you said nuclear.
It's a joke.
FU to Xbox Live on UltraMix 2 being so glitchy
that we had to start the tournament over five times
because it kept quitting and being glitchy.
FU to the douche bags in my English class
that don't have the brain capacity to talk about anything
other than sports for more than five seconds at a time. And FU to Seagurd for cheating
on me. Man, what a whore. Oh my. VX Jason XV, who says I should just call him Jason but
I don't, says FU to data entry. It makes us lazy people cry. Funny that I call myself
lazy, although I'm writing a program to parse data for me automatically instead of taking
less time to just do it myself. And F you to irony. And that's gonna do it for the F
yous of the week. Thanks for playing, boys and girls. Yes, Logie. One last one. Fuck
you to KFC for getting rid of your sweet and sour sauce. Why would KFC get rid of sweet
and sour sauce? Did PETA make him do that or something? They just got rid of their sweet
and sour sauce. I got popcorn chicken like last week from there. And I was like, okay,
I want some sweet and extra sweet and sour sauce on the side. Oh, we don't have sweet and sour sauce. What?
What is this craziness?
I don't get it. What the hell? Why would you? That was like the best sauce they had. Now they have ranch.
Whoo, ranch.
Ranching mustard. Honey mustard.
I want my fucking sweet and sour sauce. It's like classic. McDonald's has their sweet and sour sauce. Fuck,
I eat the sweet and sour sauce by itself.
I mean, I don't understand why you can't just, you know, give me the nice sweet and sour sauce you had.
I'd buy up the reserves. I would.
Anyways.
I think it's time to go to our break, boys and girls.
When we come back from this break, I think we'll do a little bit of Ask Orange Lounge,
and we'll open up the Skype line again for those of you guys who want to get through and comment.
Excuse me.
So send in your questions for Ask Orange Lounge over private message to Sky in the chat room right now.
In this break, I think we'll do some songs from 2DX.
Just some 2DX potpourri. Enjoy.
I said you know what?!
It's late!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Free love and be free!
Thanks for watching!
One day, one day
Monday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday
With the cynical boom in the back of my neck
I get blinded every day
I can do it
I can do it
Kind of you
Have you found
An enemy
Ooh, oh, you and I, won't let go, won't let go
Let's go!
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
chat room has gone crazy. I was making some jokes during the break there, and now everybody's
talking about my pants. And I feel bad because there's a guy in there that really just needs
a hug right now, and the talk about my pants and my name in various Bomani games is eclipsing
that conversation, so I feel bad. Anyway, back to the dick and fart jokes we're talking
about here on Orange Lounge Radio. No, seriously, I wanted to bring something up that Xplizit
was talking about during his FUs of the Week. I felt kind of bad for this guy over on The
the freak who had posted something in the NorCal forums, are there any other gay people
that play DDR? And people just kind of, like when you jump down this guy's throat going,
it doesn't matter! Why are you posting this shit? It shouldn't matter! And you know what?
They're right. It shouldn't matter. And the way the guy had kind of worded the original
post, he was kind of throwing out some facts that were a little crazy and stuff like that.
But, I was kind of trying to look at it from his point of view. And as somebody who happens
to be a gay male, and if you listen to the show by now, it's no secret to you that I
happen to be a homosexual no I mean I know and I know a lot of people don't
like that so like homophobia is so 90s okay seriously I think a lot of people
truly don't give a crap anymore and granted it's not gone completely I think
the last election shows that where what what is this I'm trying to see your I am
window here oh god more pants chat thank you very much no it doesn't but I kind
of feel bad for the guy because when you are gay sometimes it is hard to meet
people in the same way that straight people kind of meet each other and
especially if you're the kind of person that's had an upbringing where you've
had to be very sheltered and closeted and kind of secretive about your
lifestyle sometimes you just kind of want to fly out of the closet and meet
as many people as you can that are like you. So I kind of understand where he's coming
from a little bit, where it is hard. You can't just walk up to people on the street and go,
hey, you gay? I know it's happened to all of you before, but it's not very nice.
Hey, girl, you want to grow up with me? But seriously, if you're gay, just talk to people.
It doesn't matter if you're gay or not. Where I think the guy may have made a mistake is
is maybe DDR Freak just isn't maybe the place. People want to talk DDR on DDR Freak. They
don't want to talk about, you know. But I think he was just looking for gay people who
are into DDR. So I PM'd him to Lynx because there's actually a live drone community that's
like gay DDR players. There's gay gamers, get it? Gamers communities and stuff like
that, so.
Well, yeah. It's okay to post on the NorCal and stuff, but I mean, you see that all the
time in DDR chit chat and stuff and general discussion. Like, you see, like, hundreds
of topics like that and...
Now, yeah, and I agree. Now, it's almost, almost, it's very similar to the girls that play DDR topic, because for whatever reason, now, there's a difference, though. There's a difference.
When it's a guy posting, are there any girls that play DDR? That's one thing. Yeah, exactly. That's just, you know, somebody who's sitting there downloading Violent Hypergirls freestyle videos.
love you Aaron love you Aaron and but when it's a girl posting are there other
girls that play DDR well then you know you're just kind of like okay well maybe
you know it's kind of too bad that there aren't a lot of girls that you know go
out to the arcade and but I think DDR has been bringing more I think there's
been more and more but just in the past there's more and more now but
especially when I first started playing there wasn't a whole lot that I would
see their case back in the days before DDR when I would play pinball I maybe
maybe once or twice saw a girl at the arcade.
I only saw one girl back then, but now I see like a bunch of girls.
Well, I'm not sure if it's because of the F.U. tournament I helped organize in Sacramento
or just the whole tournament issues nowadays that people want to get involved with.
When I see girls posting that on the ZDR Freak forums, I think,
Ooh, lesbians!
That's what I think.
You're a little girl, girl-on-girl mix.
Jamie, do you have anything you want to add to this horrible discussion?
Your pants are hot.
Shove it.
I know this is very late. It's another F.U.
F.U. to splitting my pants open this morning.
That sucks.
I was reaching for something and all of a sudden I heard this rip
and there was my crotch exposed.
Oh, speaking of rip...
You know what that means, right? You fat.
No, what it means is that I was laying on my pants and trying to stretch at the same time.
time. It does not mean I'm fat, you dumbass. That's explicit. Did you get something you
wanted to say? No, I'm not going to comment on the look in that one. Well then fine, you're
fat too. Look, it does look fat. I just showed you my stomach, do I look fat? You're going
to make me straight, God. Alright, you know there's a cam right there. Oh, okay. Oh,
Look at my foot!
Okay, sorry if it scares people for that.
I'm changing the subject.
Let's ask OrangeLounge some stupid questions.
What will we find out this week on OrangeLoungeRadio?
One thing we won't find out because he already said,
Loki split his pants today, therefore he must be fat.
You know, the butcher's knife is still clean.
It's one of the only dishes that's not dirty yet.
Sigurd has a question starting it off. This will make you feel better, Loki.
Who is your favorite drawn together character and why?
Mine is Xander for obvious reasons.
Mine is Nolan because I have a life and don't watch TV.
Oh my god, that's such a tough question.
Oh man, uh...
I would have to say Ling Ling. I love Ling Ling and just how
funny and Japanese it is.
And just like, it's more of like two characters.
It's Spanky and Ling Ling, their interactive
interactions. That's the best part, you know.
but Ling Ling's hilarious and um...
Are you looking for the Christmas?
Well, too bad there's not a Santa Claus.
Let's see, it was Xander who said that.
I would say my second favorite would be Foxy Love.
I love Foxy Love.
Bleh.
Anyway.
Uh, next question from MPQ.
How many people care about the song Cartoon Heroes? It seems to me
that people actually want the steps
rather than the song.
Do you think it would work if they took the steps and then put them on a hundred and seventy
beat-per-minute Konami original or something?
That's the one thing I can kind of see about Cartoon Heroes, why so many people want that song.
That's my point before. Is it the steps? Okay, that's fine. That's my point.
And I don't think it would work on any other song. I mean, it would just be weird.
So if Cartoon Heroes was like a seven-footer and had very easy steps, no one would play it.
But see, I don't... You're cutting out a little bit. He's saying something about the fact that if it was a 7-footer, not as many people would play it.
I somewhat disagree. I think there's people that play it because they play Speed Over Beethoven as well. You know, that whole type of thing.
Or we could say if the song was...
Yeah, if it goes 140 BPM, then no one would play it at all.
Think of the songs that are over 170 BPM being overplayed.
This is my thing, and this is the same thing when people ask, why aren't there enough 10-footers in DDR?
Can you really play 10-footers on a homepad? I mean, if you can and you're passing them, good for you.
But you are in a minority. Let's face it, you are in the minority if you can pass those kinds of songs on a homepad.
Do you think all songs must be 10-footers? Oh, let's go, duh-duh-duh-duh-duh, every freaking song.
That's why you can make edits if you don't like the steps. Simple question.
Or just play in the groove and just hammer the machine so much so your feet dies and shit.
Okay, if there's one thing I'm not doing at home, it's hamplants. End of story.
Those fucking comments! Hamplants are so, like, 98.
Hamplants are so ancient. Civilization. We don't go around kung-kung-kung.
You're not for just rape. You don't need anyone to fight rape.
Darkknight, everyone must be at the computer or on the webcam because all I see is Bradley.
You're right.
Our webcam kind of needs a new angle, I think, because obviously a lot of us kind of hide
back here.
But not at me.
He needs a spotlight.
Yeah.
We're angels kind of hiding back here.
She's sitting on the ground next to Loki and I.
And I see that Angel has candy, so I'm going to steal some.
What the hell are you thinking?
Wait, what?
No, it's in the form of some Matrix wall.
I don't want to bring up another F.U., I just...
Fucking Natalie Portman for not getting naked.
I fucking hate that.
You don't go see a movie.
Okay, it's a fucking chick flick.
Now, granted, there are some very funny scenes in there, like the whole, um, uh, what was that, internet, um, like net porn type thing sequence that they had to classical music.
Now, that was funny.
That was the best part in the whole movie.
movie. But Natalie Portman was not fucking naked. They advertise this movie as her being
naked, and she was not naked. Why? Why? Why? So, she falls in the same category now as
the Olsen twins, whereas she needs to do porn. It's because I want to see her career tank.
Bye.
Alright, let's get to Dark Knight's real question here. That was just an observation he was
making here's a question here's a question for y'all if there was an
America Americanized Japanese show that you wouldn't that you would want to be
taken off the air which would it be
but that I have the perfect answer and you'll agree with me
Iron Chef America Oh God no we need more real Iron Chef Iron Chef needs to come
back on the air, the original. Damn it, we need the Chiba to come out of retirement and
kick all their asses. I absolutely agree, Iron Chef America. Bobby Flay is a fucking
faggot, I hate him. Not in the gay way, not in the gay way, as in like, he sucks. As in
he's a bundle of sticks. Yes, a bundle of sticks. No, I fucking hate Bobby Flay, he's
little whiny bitch okay I was gonna say I was gonna say don't insult faggots
please all right let's do Zach who says okay my 2dx skills are what some would
say subpar how does one make the conversion from single-handed seven key
play to double handed play so that when I go out to play 2dx again I don't end
up sucking I think training mode on the home versions there's really good but
you said you don't have training mode so you're kind of screwed buddy I hate to
Honestly, you're just going to have to practice, practice, practice.
Arkadian, you play a lot of 2DX. Do you have any advice you could give to our buddy, Zaku, if we can hear you on that mic?
Practice. That's the only thing you really do.
There really is nothing else you can do. There's no trick. There's no wrist exercise or anything you can do. You just got to practice.
Play as many different songs on different levels as you can.
Exactly. Play songs you don't usually play.
Every time you go to play 2DX, make your last song something you've never played before that's about the same skill level, same star level.
the same star level. That's the only way you're going to get better.
I play things that are harder than you can do. I played the anothers and everything when
I first started out, even though I couldn't even get too close to passing them, just to
see them and try them out. Sooner or later you pass harder stuff.
Alright, let's move on. Blarg says, who would you rather have sex with? An 80 year old in
an 8-year-old's body or an 8-year-old in an 80-year-old's body?
That's the point where I go to Goldie's. You know, actually, I don't have to worry about
it. Yeah, yeah, you wouldn't have sex with a lady
anyway. Unless it was Margaret Cho.
I would with Margaret Cho. Would you rather have sex with an 8-year-old
in an 80-year-old's body or an 80-year-old in an 8-year-old's body?
Would you rather play ball in a field that has short grass or a field that's just like
turned to dust? Okay, I mean. Like, you're gonna have an unexperienced old chick, that's
just nasty. I mean, I'm sorry. But, if you think about it, not only are you robbing the
cradle but you're fucking getting some older action at the same time. So it's like, it's
wrong.
Topic change real quick DJ Rama has says my question as I was rudely interrupted earlier tonight
I missed half the show, but I could have sworn I heard or duo pump on pokal in
Did I really hear that and where can I find that song? Yes, you did here or duro pomoklin and it is actually the version
Let me play a little clip of that for you guys
Yes, you did hear that and it's in DDR festival
DER festival is one of the songs in there so pick up the festival soundtrack I guess
if there is one. I don't think there is one yet. Or you can message Loki, he'll let you
know where to find it. You have to find out DER UK, it's very hard to find them.
Rob Maness also says Skye, similar stuff happens in the cosplay community, points to my posts
in the chat. I missed it, I'm sorry buddy, you gotta send it over private message or
I might miss it. What do you guys think about Song Pack 7,
worth buying? Yes, because I think it should support DDR and it's just five bucks. That's
like lunch at Burger King, it's not that bad. And the new remix is pretty kick ass and then
you can play Era against me online and Era is a good song. If you honestly are just not
into the remix. We played it for you guys later tonight. If you're just not feeling
the iFeel remix, then I guess maybe there isn't a whole lot for you to gain from this,
but I would say, you know what, buy it and just support DDR. Because the more people
that buy song packs, yeah, this is what you get for coming late. There's a new iFeel remix.
There's another iFeel, iFeel for being late. Alright. Okay, let's see. Illusion says, Jesus
came to me and said he loved me so I kissed him. I would like to ask your opinion if that
was too forward. Now does that make him gay or Jesus gay? Well maybe it was Jesus. I mean
you know maybe it wasn't the Jesus. Maybe it was some guy named Jesus you know. And
if he returned back to earth I think we have more things to worry about than your kiss.
you know I think Jesus would have just said thank you and then ran away yeah he
would forgive you for being a dirty homo sinner you would have inevitably undone
humanity because Jesus would then go to hell for being gay and the sinner and
And yeah, Earth would end and humanity would go away.
Anyways.
Well, we don't have any more questions from our chat room, oh no, I think we just got
another one.
But I am going to open up the Skype line here over on, excuse me, www.orangelandtrader.com,
click on interact with us.
DarkTetsuya says, I've been trying to dig up info on KR, Konami version, the karaoke
karaoke revolution konami version, but I only saw the small snippet on konami's site. Is
that all the info that's out there? Yes, I have only been hearing about this second-hand
kind of through Navi, the pop music whore, he's been kind of following this. From what
I understand, there is going to be a karaoke revolution Bamani version, not in the U.S.,
okay, it's a Japanese mix, and I guess it's just going to be something that is happening,
we don't know a whole lot about that, but there was questionnaires that happened already,
and folks could fill out those questionnaires, but that's all we know, right now. So, there's
nothing else we know that's going on with the Bomani edition as far as I know.
It's all about naha naha gachikun battle. That needs to be on there in duet mode. That
would be fucking awesome. No, but, you know what's cool? I'm eating gummy bears right
Now the fun thing you can do about these, you can bite them in half and lick one end of it, and stick it to stuff, and it'll stick there for a long time.
And if you stick it to someone's back window and they don't notice it, and when they try to peel it off, it's all slimy because of all the mildew- you know, the moist air outside.
It's really fun to do.
So bite a gummy bear in half, stick it to your friend...
How is that for random?
Wow.
Very interesting.
Sigh. I guess it's time to start wrapping up this show you guys, the show's just about-
And rubbings and booze. And balls.
Oh, oh, oh. Angel reminded me of something. Not so subtly. Okay, this is something I wanted to bring- I wanted to bring this up like in the first hour of the show and I totally forgot. Angel went and got a happy meal at McDonald's today.
I was hungry, you idiot!
What?
I was hungry.
There's no shame in a happy meal at the- at the happy meals.
There's no shame at all.
I saw Sonic and I'm like, hmm, maybe it's a figurine!
game! Yeah, exactly. It's a Sonic Happy Meal. I guess they teamed up with Sonic the Hedgehog
to do these Sonic Happy Meals at McDonald's right now. Look at this! She got a free little
game with hers. Like, these are the kind of games like Mr. Game & Watch. Tiger Toys! Yeah,
the Tiger Toys. You remember these? These used to be the things we would get for Christmas.
These shitty little, like, watch games that we would get for Christmas as a kid. And now
they're coming in freaking Happy Meals, and it's a little Sonic one, and it's basically
a ghetto version of the bonus stage from Sonic 2. But, my God, this is a Happy Meal toy.
I remember when we used to get shitty little wind-up toys and, like, little plushy things
and fucking Beanie Babies with Happy Meals. And now we get freaking video games with Sonic?
And when did Sonic start making a comeback in the U.S.? That's the other thing. Well,
I guess I've just been asleep. Yeah, that's right, he's got the cartoon. Okay, so I've
just been asleep. That's fine. I mean, Sonic's cool and all, so I'm glad that they're doing
a happy meal thing but man you get a freaking game like this is the kind of
stuff we would open up on Christmas Day and be excited about and now you get it
in a freaking happy meal what's up with that
is there something wait is there something you want to add to that Jamie
you're a sonic fan is this is this cool I understand how cool the free iPod
Don't start a threat about it!
god people they're giving them away for free does that tell you anything about
how crappy they are they're free they can toss them away
sad I love my iPod you shut your mouth we had a rap with the show boys and
girls next week on the show more randomness um in two weeks I'm gonna be
going to AI, Arcade Infinity, I'm making an LA trip. I'm hoping! I may not get to go for
sure, but that's kind of what I'm trying to do, is go to Arcade Infinity, um, probably
next Thursday. Not this coming Thursday, but next Thursday. So, I hope to see some of you
guys there, um, our stalker fans. That'll be fun. And my goal is to get a whole bunch
of EMUs cards and get them away on the show to those less fortunate who can't get them.
So, we'll see what happens with that. Um, anyway, next week on the show, more of the
same stuff. I'm gonna try and line up an interview for next week's show. I want to interview
somebody again. Hopefully a DDR artist, but maybe a DDR player if we can't get anything
else. So, more to come on that. Stay tuned to our website over at oranassonsradio.com
and stay tuned to our Live Gel community as well. Let's go around and get everybody's
final thought. Starting off with Loki. I'm afraid to say it, but this is my last show
that I'll be doing until next week. And, yeah, I gotta find something to do. I need to work
in my cabin this week, for sure. Today, I mean, this week's gonna be a crazy week and
my work's not gonna be too happy with me taking off another day on Thursday, but what the
hell with him? Oh! Actually, the, ah, fuck, that sucks! I'm supposed to get my check on
Tuesday. Oh, well, I'll have to wait. We get bonuses next week, so that's kind of cool.
If I have to buy gifts, and I think Nellie wants diamonds again, you know, fucking women
and their expensive gifts. Anyways, yeah, that's all. Next! Angel, your final thought.
Brock's Candy Company needs to be sued. For? Making these things damn good. God. What a
Maple Nut goodies. They're really good. They're very good. I've been snacking on them all
night.
Arcadia, on your final thought.
Can you hear me?
Yes.
Oh, okay. I only had one piece of sushi last night. I need more! More sushi!
I don't think Anita's listening anymore, but you need to go bang down her door.
Well, somewhere. I don't really need her. Unless she wants to make some more. That'd
be cool.
Sushi from somewhere.
Sushi's wonderful.
Anywhere.
I was thinking the other day, and this is very important, so everyone pay attention,
We haven't done a Qzernite in a while. We need to do one again. So, check on the forums,
or not the forums, but check on the live journal. There will be a new Qzernite, and we will
reign supreme again! Alright, I'm dead. Uh, explicit your final thought.
Well, if I wanted to get to work early, I should have just ran every fucking marathon
Runner over GTA style.
Good luck with those teriyaki, too.
Yeah, we'll do that. We need to have a staff meeting.
Staff meeting!
Uh, DarkSakura, your final thought?
I hate my allergies.
I hate your allergies, too.
My allergies hate you back, so yeah.
Okay, cool.
Alright. Final word of the show tonight. I'll give it to Angel, why not?
Damn brocks. Yeah, that's it.
It works.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Hanukkah is the festival of lights. Instead of one day of presents, we get eight presents.
But would you feel like the only kid in town without a Christmas tree?
Here's a new list of people who are Jewish, brought by you and me.
One known writer drinks mannish of his wine, then spins a dreidel with Ralph Lauren and Calvin Klein.
Yeshu gives and receives loads of Hanukkah toys
The girls from Baruch HaStal and all three Beastie Boys
Lenny Kravitz is half Jewish, Courtney Love is half Jew
Put them together, what a funky badass Jew
We got Harvey Keitel and Flash dancer Jennifer Bills
Yasmin bleeds from Baywatch is Jewish
And yes, her boobs are real
Hold on, Natty Amaka
It's time for Monica
Two-time Oscar winner Dustin Huff Monica
Celebrate Monica
Old J. Simpson, still not a Jew, but guess who is? The guy who does the voice for Scooby-Doo.
Rob Dylan was born a Jew, then he wasn't, but now he's back.
Mary Tyler Moore's husband is Jewish, cause we're pretty good in the sack.
Guess who got bar mitzvahed on the PGA Tour?
No, I'm not talking about Tiger Woods, I'm talking about Mr. Happy Gilmore.
So many Jews are in the show mitzvah
Pro Springsteen isn't Jewish, but my mother thinks he is
Tell the whole of Monica
It's time to celebrate, Monica
It's not pronounced, Monica
The sea is silent in Hanukkah
So raise your hopes up, Monica
Get drunk and see a Wanukkah
If you really want to go
Happy Hanukkah!
Happy Hanukkah!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
