I am Loki!
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
It's the show where every gamer has a voice.
We tape live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf Show.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts.
First up, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
Good.
Feeling far better than I did previously.
Yes.
I can eat now.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear you were sick and all.
What happened?
You just had a... No idea.
I think it was just a bug.
Oh, that's too bad.
It had to have been a virus because nobody else got sick, so... Do you feel refreshed after a week off?
We weren't here last week.
Um... And you were really the only one that didn't, like, have anything going... Well, I mean, I don't know if you ended up doing something else, but... I got to spend... It was Loki's and my fault, so... I got to spend a good night with my boy.
Good, good.
A little date night?
More of a hanging out.
How cute.
I'm just kidding.
Hey, I think we actually played some more Final Fantasy that night.
Oh, your little Final Fantasy megathon or whatever you're doing?
Yeah, whenever we get back to it.
We got the level up.
The job change.
TechMasterLoki.com
I can't wait until next year when they're all like, we've done all this, who cares?
So sadly, Loki is not here tonight, but filling in for Techmaster Loki, say hello to Salacious Pop.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm great.
Thank you for coming here on kind of a short notice.
So, appreciate it.
DarkSakura.com
But I always thought Easter was kind of done in the morning.
Like, I finished Easter stuff in the morning today.
I had family stuff going on, but that was all in the morning.
So, I don't know.
Well, I mean, I think the real Easter experience is you get up and you go to church.
So, if you're not going to Mass, then you can make it up as you go along.
Mass is like at midnight or something, right?
So, you got plenty of time for OLR still, right?
No, I don't know.
All right, forget it.
I'll quit being a heathen or whatever.
Anyway, let's introduce the chat room.
They're always there.
because really, Jesus died so you could have chocolate.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Marshmallow Peeps.
Ew!
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
You can chat live with us here on tonight's program and get your little piece in, whatever it is you want to say and so forth.
A handful of people in chat despite the holiday.
Of course, it's a little less than usual and in part you can blame a week off because I'll tell you what, Horde House inadvertently had a week off as well and I'll tell you what, died.
Forums died.
It's like if you do a podcast, I'll tell you what, here's the advice because we get emails once in a while saying, you know, how have you guys stuck with doing a podcast for nine years?
Do you have any advice?
Yeah, my advice, try never to take weeks off unless you absolutely have to because...
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I played a bunch of stuff.
Well, I played a lot of World of Warcraft.
And two new games appeared on my Steam account today.
The Star Trek DAC and Darwinia, which I have installed, just have not played because I had an epic nap today.
I still got it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and some of that really awesome Terminator gun game and this weird trivia game that I really didn't know much of the answers to because it was like sports and pop culture like the type of pop culture that I don't keep up with and uh what else did I play because I played other stuff I played Droplets when I had my big bad insomnia attack last night except all it really did was make me have to pee and uh
some uh Luminous and uh what else did I play I played something else oh yeah um Peggle Extreme and then watched an entire playthrough of Portal 2 you actually watched the whole thing start to finish huh yes I did wow see I didn't want to ruin it for myself I did that with the last one too did you really that means now I'll have some idea so how to play a little bit more seamlessly so that I do not get too motion sick
So do you find that if you kind of play the YouTubes in advance or whatever that it helps the experience or hurts it?
I think it helps it.
I've been trying very hard to dodge spoilers.
I have not beaten Portal 2 yet.
And I'm really like everybody's like, you got to hear the song.
I'm like, doesn't the song have spoilers?
So not really.
I mean, yeah, it does really give away the ending.
But I'm trying really hard to avoid all that.
So, you know.
Yeah.
But I love it.
My favorite thing so far is Bird Kill It!
So do you know that it's Noble Garden Week in WoW?
She played some WoW.
It's Easter.
It's Easter holiday.
It's one of the easier ones.
I didn't do that.
I'll have to do it.
It's all this week.
It just started today.
Okay.
It's Rob's favorite holiday.
No, my favorite holiday is coming up next week in WoW.
It's Children's Week.
And by favorite, I mean, oh, it's terrible.
And it's the one holiday I need for my Violet Drake because literally last year I said, fuck Children's Week.
I'm not putting up with this bullshit.
Oh, you gotta do it.
And I had to wait an entire year.
Anyhow.
Well, let's... I found, by the way, a dragon that I want that's blue and has transparent wings, looks kind of aquatic.
It might be one of those hard-to-get ones.
I know, but I want it.
All right.
It will be mine.
Let's move on with some other video games.
Salacious Pop, what did you play this week?
I've actually played a lot, considering that usually my schedule is simply WoW, which I'm playing far less of.
I played some Toki Tori because it was a part of the Steam potato bag special.
I had already owned Toki Tori, so they just patched in the potato Portal 2 content because I wanted to try and unlock Portal 2 early.
Even though I didn't really have the means to buy it, I still haven't really played Portal 2 yet.
so Toki Tori, Mortal Kombat beat the story mode and did some just regular one person versus PC fighting on that and some Smash TV some Fatal... Going old school, what made you do Smash TV?
Just when we were I was putting my Xbox Live account on your Xbox and was trying to sync up all the games that you have on it so I was just going through some old stuff on there um
and yeah, that's it really.
What did you think of Mortal Kombat?
I wish the story mode was longer because
All the endless fighting, if there's even just a little bit of dialogue in between, it'll hold my attention more than just doing ladder mode and getting up to the boss and starting all over from scratch.
But yeah, I liked it.
I found a lot of bugs in it, audio bugs, that hopefully they'll be able to patch and fix once a certain system is back online, which we'll get into, I'm sure, in a minute.
um but yeah it's fun it's it's a good uh I mean they pretty much looked at what Street Fighter 4 did and it's like oh that's awesome we should do that for our franchise franchise and it it's working for them so yes and it doesn't hurt that they've had a little bit of a break with Midway having like gone you know under and somebody else had to kind of pick up the series so yeah kind of gave them a little time to think about how to reinvent yeah I think Warner Brothers is I know Warner Brothers published it but um
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But before that, they were cranking them out.
I think those games have always sold enough.
I don't know if they've ever sold big.
And it really seems like they're trying to get this new one in the series to sell big.
Yeah.
Because we had what?
We had Deadly Alliance.
We had Annihilation.
There was another one in the middle there.
The one that had the Mortal Kombat mini racing kart game was there too.
Oh, yeah.
And Annihilation was the one that had literally everybody.
And then that was kind of the last Mortal Kombat game.
But then they're like, oh.
how do you save a franchise you do a reboot and you know that's literally what they've done literally like that's the story is built around a reboot yeah this is awesome the story mode if you play it from start to finish does the canon the official canon of the first three games and it sets you up for what Mortal Kombat 4 was lore wise at the end of the story mode
Let's go to our chatroom at chat.orangesoundradio.com for some comments.
TigerClaw in our chatroom says the MK story mode is long if you take into account how difficult it was to beat Shao Kahn.
The best strategy was to teleport, uppercut, repeat that, and stay far away until time expires.
Yeah, I did some lightning ball cheese on him.
Just get away, pew pew, I'm gonna pew pew you.
And then he just hopefully doesn't block enough of them to win.
Story Mode Story Mode Story Mode
and Tiger Claw in our chatroom also fills in here with Rob it's like what they did with Star Trek due to the events of the beginning it creates an alternate timeline yeah I mean I don't think that's very spoilery I think that's pretty common knowledge like in story mode I believe people die I haven't gotten that far in my story mode but I believe like people do die I don't want to spoil that for you but you know there's you know big twists and events I believe characters become characters that didn't exist before yeah kind of interesting
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I really like, and just kind of going into my gaming week, obviously I played Mortal Kombat pretty extensively this week as well, and I do like how they have really brought a lot of the nostalgia.
I mean, I think you commenting like, let's...
Street Fighter 4 Street Fighter 2
Did you bring it?
I didn't bring it tonight.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know you wanted to play it.
I've been watching all of the fatalities in the special, the unlocked characters and everything.
And I found out where all of the hidden coins are.
Yeah, there's a little guide online that we use to get every costume and every, yeah.
If you don't buy any of the extras in the crypt and you just do story mode from start to finish, you have 130,000 of the MK coins.
That's enough to get almost half of the goodies.
It's enough to get all the costumes and the fatalities.
That's cool because I think that there's like another hidden 20,000.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm being corrected by our chatroom.
Annihilation was the movie.
Armageddon was the game.
My bad, my bad.
Sorry, guys.
Thanks, Spazinator.
And Wyland chimed in with that, too.
And a comment from Randy in our chatroom.
I felt like the story mode cleared up the events of the franchise.
It was definitely more confusing before.
Yeah, you know, Mortal Kombat kind of always felt like one of those games where they had to kind of write the story to fit what they wanted to do.
And so there were all these weird things going on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, just goes to show, don't ever base your opinion of a game off the demo.
Don't ever, ever, ever do that.
Because it was actually really good.
And I've been having a good time with it.
I think there's such a great variety in characters that they've brought in.
Pretty much every single fighter from 1, 2, and 3 are in it, right?
With maybe some very minor, like the boss characters, not all of them are there.
But otherwise, I think every single person...
I think they all show up in the story.
But they had fatalities for him.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
The big centaur dude with the big horse, I think he was the boss of MK3, he's in it in a cutscene, but you don't play as him.
And then Quan Chi from 4 was brought in, so he's playable.
But otherwise, the people from 4 aren't in it yet.
Yeah, although DLC might change some of that, because a character that was introduced in Deadly Alliance, who's actually one of my favorite characters, Kenshi, is one of the first download characters, the blind ninja guy.
I was watching the Fatalities for Kratos
mm-hmm yeah Kratos is in the game pretty hard he obviously fits right in yeah I gotta say though like you know he just he plays like any other character which I think is a compliment I mean you don't want a character like Kratos to be gimmicky or stick out like a sore thumb but I mean like the whole like painting his body white and everything well Quan Chi does that shit too so he kind of fits right in with everybody else it's a better promotional exclusive thing than I don't know Darth Vader and Yoda and Soul Calibur 4 mm-hmm
Well, and also, the other thing that... Who was it?
I just lost my train of thought.
It was somebody else that's in there that... Noob and Ermac were... Ermac's hardcore.
...were fandom rumors that they actually made real characters, yeah.
I love that Ermac's fatality with the spikes.
Yeah.
That one's really cool.
LeoShed is in our chatroom saying, no Rain, otherwise they would have all of Trilogy.
Yeah, Rain is one of the most notable characters that's missing.
But to be honest, because they've done so much with the other ninjas, like, you know, Cyrax and Sektor are not just palette swaps.
Like, you know, they are fully developed ninjas.
They start in story mode as humans and you can unlock their human forms.
So they are all very different characters.
So I can see why they probably cut Rain because while he was a cool character, he was really tacked into Trilogy.
He was purple.
Yeah, he was the purple palette swap that had a couple cool moves with a neat name.
Otherwise, he was really forced in the story.
I would bet he's DLC later on though.
I remember what I was going to say.
One of Shang Tsung's fatalities was actually his DC, his Mortal Kombat versus DC fatality, except it's the whole thing, because they cut it to where you only see him turn into a clown, and then you don't see the other person explode.
Right.
They showed the full fatality.
Oh, okay.
So, because people are like, what happened?
So they actually put that in there.
The fatalities in this game are a little silly as they're supposed to be very over the top.
Babalities are in there.
The babalities are cute!
But friendships are not, which kind of surprised me.
I was very sad.
No animalities or any of the other weird stuff either.
I was really sad friendships weren't there.
I always loved those in Mortal Kombat 2.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
But it's definitely influence.
But it's really cool.
It adds to the battle exactly what it does in Street Fighter IV.
If you are behind, this gives you a chance to really level the playing field if your opponent has a moment of weakness.
And the x-ray attacks look really cool, and it makes the battle flow really well.
And I think that's where this game really shines, is that the battles flow so well.
They're fun to play, and the fatalities give that sense of edge to it.
There's a lot at stake.
um and then you know where this Mortal Kombat really shines is where a lot of the prior Mortal Kombat games have really shined and that is uh the robustness of what is offered in the title you've got your story mode you've got your challenge ladder with what like 300 challenges you've got the crypt thing which the crypt thing's been done better in other versions of the game I think but whatever it's still there
you know you have different modes to play and the tag team thing kind of comes out of nowhere too they kind of took that whole idea from I guess you could say Marvel vs. Capcom or whatever but now you have teams of two and you can do assists and all that stuff so it's pretty cool it's like Mortal Kombat has really been invigorated it's been infused with some of the best parts of other fighters and it's made for a pretty awesome experience one of my favorite Mortal Kombat games in recent memory the best one of all time is
I think that's still two.
Two beta.
It's one of those that's going to be hard to top.
But it's worth checking out, if nothing else.
And a lot of people like to point and laugh at Mortal Kombat in the fighting world, but I think this one shows that there's a lot here to take seriously.
Two beta was great.
Was it?
With Katana's infinite combo.
So...
TigerClaw in our chatroom says, Rob, regarding animalities, at least one of them is in there.
It's one of Liu Kang's fatalities.
That's true, but wasn't it also a fatality in Mortal Kombat 2?
I think that's what inspired it, not necessarily the animalities.
Anyhow, other games I played this week.
I don't want to talk just about Mortal Kombat because I haven't had a chance to play Mortal Kombat online because of certain outages, but I have had a chance to check out Portal 2.
Portal 2 is, you know, I played the first game and played, you know, that game pretty extensively and it was always a pretty cool concept and, you know, when I heard they were making a sequel, I knew it was going to be pretty interesting and I've been playing through the single player mode and I really don't know what to say.
I honestly think...
games like Super Mario Brothers, Final Fantasy 7, games that have been like landmark for that generation.
I honestly think Portal 2 fits into that for this generation.
I think this is like a...
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I was really expecting it to just be kind of a continuation of Portal 1 where you would just have more test chambers and explore the story a little more.
But there's much more here than just more test chambers.
And that's all I'm really going to say.
Although there are a lot of those.
There are a lot of those, but there's much more.
This game digs beneath the surface, and I don't just mean beneath the surface of the test chambers, which you do get to see as well, which is really cool.
GLaDOS as a character is legendary in the world of video games.
I have done the blue repulsion gel a couple times.
So you've seen Potato?
The Big Mutated Potato is Supposed to be Shell's Project
Interesting.
Oh, wow.
All right.
So, anyway, some comments in our chatroom, chat.orange.radio.com.
Randy in our chatroom says, Watching Portal for the first time made me think, how does someone have the mental capacity to figure out these puzzles?
You know, a lot of it's trial and error.
I noticed that the second game really limits where you can put portals more than the first game did, and that's part of the puzzles.
But, I mean...
They've added all this other stuff into it, like the lasers, the light bridges, the gel is a huge thing.
I got stuck on one puzzle because of that stupid gel.
I couldn't figure out how to... I didn't figure out that you could actually make gel fly through the walls that destroy things.
Otherwise, I would have figured it out a lot sooner.
and just crazy stuff.
You really have to look around for surfaces that could be a mile high up for you to fling a portal onto.
It is really an experience to play a game like Portal.
I really don't know what else to say.
The game is outstanding and it's well worth your money.
If you haven't bought it yet, I guess you already know this is probably the type of game that maybe just isn't for you for whatever reason or, you know, obviously economical, whatever stuff.
$60 is still a huge investment.
But I don't know what else to say.
I think most people who want it already went and got it first day.
The Steam integration is great.
I was really surprised at how well Steam integrates with the PlayStation 3.
But you can hit select, then it brings up the Steam thing, and it's just like being logged into Steam.
I don't know what else to say.
It was pretty seamless.
You connect your PlayStation Network account to Steam, and then that's it.
You can hit select, and I can see all my Steam friends and who's on, and it's just like I'm playing another Steam game, but it's on my PlayStation 3.
Now, I was wondering, if someone picked this up, used, they wouldn't be able to get the Steam...
Link, would they?
There is a card that comes with the game that has the code on it.
So sadly, no, you wouldn't be able to get it.
You'd have to buy it new in order to get to both games.
And it says somehow that... It says on the back of the box, you cannot play co-op on your PC and PS3.
I don't know.
See, I haven't really explored that yet.
Maybe somebody in our chat knows.
And I would imagine a lot of that is because of the Steam hookup.
If I log into Steam on my PS3, it's not going to let me do it on my PC as well to play the same game.
But what would happen if I have two PlayStation 3 accounts?
Like, for example, Salacious Pop uses my PlayStation...
3 as well what if he connected that to his Steam and then played on my PS3 and then I played Steam on my computer maybe that would work I don't know because I can't imagine that this discs are imprinted with the serial number somehow so unless hooking up Steam hooks up the whole console to that Steam ID I would think you could have that
I don't know.
I'm going to be honest.
I haven't even really played it on Steam.
I've been completely satiated with the PS3 version.
I don't really need the Steam version.
It's nice to have.
It's a cool little bonus, but I didn't really need it.
Yeah, I'm waiting until I can play it on PC because I'm like that.
I need the mouse and WASD.
After playing both versions of Portal, it really is a lot easier to play on the PC.
See, but see, and this all goes back to joystick versus mouse and keyboard.
Some people prefer mouse and keyboard.
I love the DualShock controller for playing it.
It's awesome.
Great for me.
So...
Spazinator in our chatroom says, is the cake still a lie in Portal 2?
No, there is one joke that is blink and you miss it sort of thing.
And I like that they did that because they didn't try to keep the same joke going through the whole thing.
I really like that.
GLaDOS has some new insults and some of them are real good like she consistently makes fat jokes about you which are just outstanding I love the GLaDOS cutdowns like some of them are really harsh all I'll say there's one surprise yes the surprise when the confetti blows I was dying dying alright let's see next time there will be real confetti
Go to our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com Bonds006 says, Like the Xbox 360 recovery game tag ability from Sony?
No, Rob.
Stop hoping.
I don't think that's exactly what I'm talking about.
Although, yeah, it is a little weird that you can...
We're having this problem now that we have two Xbox 360s in our house.
If we put the live on one, we have to migrate the account to play on the other Xbox every time.
It's a little irritating.
It's weird.
Frisbee in our chatroom says the console versions should let you use keyboard and mouse.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Thank you for watching!
All the little modes they put in that.
Loki kind of reviewed the title on the show before, so I'm not going to rehash everything.
But I do like that they've put in a street pass feature where you can fight things.
It gives you incentive to keep playing, so you can collect these little trophies.
They're different from achievements, but the little trophies are what you use in street pass mode to help fight other people and so forth.
and 3DS as a system I'm liking it so far I feel like there's so much more potential there that we're going to unlock what in May when they do some of the patches there's a lot in the interface where you hit the button and it says this feature is not yet available it will be installed through a system update
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And I had some issues with the facial recognition.
It'll make your little me avatar by taking a picture of yourself, you square your head in the frame, and it thinks that I have really huge jowls.
My head looked like a bell.
My 3DS is apparently GLaDOS because it was calling you fat.
Yeah, it was.
I think because I'm rocking a beard right now.
And I think it just thought that my facial hair was face.
So it's like, yeah.
DarkSakura.com
Alright, so gosh, I think I've covered about everything.
I have Final Fantasy 4, the complete edition on order as well.
I was frugal in my shopping and I went on Amazon.com and bought Mortal Kombat and Portal 2.
And so I got like $20 credit for buying one and $10 credit for buying the other.
I usually don't give shoutouts to retail chains like that because, you know, we're a commercial free show.
But I just got to say, as a gamer, I was pretty impressed.
They only charged me four bucks for shipping.
They had the games there on release day.
I got $30 worth of free credit, which I used to buy the Final Fantasy IV Complete Collection, which was the other game I wanted this week.
So, win!
Hey, I'm all for good deals.
Exactly.
Alright, let's see, going to our chatroom again, chat.orangeloungeradio.com, Bonds006 in our chat agrees, yeah, the me on the 3DDS does make you look not like yourself.
Tigerclaw says, regarding the street pass, so far it's been working, I go about four miles from street pass, but the fine me still, oh, I don't know, oh, I think I got about four me's from street pass, but the fine me still won't let me use them.
How many StreetPass Miis do you need in order for Find Me to work without buying the heroes?
Good question.
I haven't figured that out yet.
I just got the 3DS last night, so I have yet to run into people.
I haven't gone to the mall or anything or a place where other gamers are where I've had StreetPass.
I've just bought the Miis.
And what I mean by that, the 3DS has a built-in game called Find Me, and it's a little chibi role-playing game.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
All right, so let's move on.
Oh, BlackWolf in our chatroom says, I got one Mii and I used him on Find Mii.
So I guess maybe there's something the Tigerclaw missed in that.
I don't know.
So yeah, I got to try and get more Mii's.
I was hoping Loki would be here so we could street pass the DSs, but oh well.
Easter's more important, I suppose.
Anyhow, we're going to move into some gaming news, but first some quick plugs for where you can find us around the internet.
We are on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR, as well as Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And of course, once again, we do tape live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
If you've never joined us for a live show, why not?
You should sometime at some point.
All right, let's get into tonight's gaming news.
So Pop's going to start us off tonight since he's filling in for Loki.
This is a huge story that's been covered most major avenues for gaming news, and that is the fact that on Wednesday night, the PlayStation Network went down like a drunk, vicarious frat boy at a Jack Jansen concert.
It's just gone.
It's gone.
Wednesday night, no PSN, no store, no curiosity store or anything like that.
And Sony confirmed that it was because of an external intrusion, which means they got to haxed.
Someone got into the system in a bad way and brought the whole thing down.
And I guess I'm given the statement that...
Sibold put out it sounds like they're completely rebuilding their
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and the Portal 2 obviously you know they the Gabe Newell got up there at E3 and said okay my bad on PlayStation my bad guys it's actually going to be the system you're going to want to own Portal 2 on remember that and so and obviously with the Steam integration it's pretty great and so I kind of wonder how that plays into it like maybe just the fact that now all of a sudden all these folks who maybe own both systems were like opting for the PS3 versions and
in conjunction with whatever else is going on behind the scenes brought it down.
Yeah, I'm sure you know there are people at Valve that, I don't want to say they're pissed, but it's there.
It's a huge release for Valve, and the authoritative console version, you can't do co-op on it right now because of Sony, so I'm sure they've got all these developers, not just Valve, breathing down their neck, going, how did this happen?
Consumers are worried that if the hack was this bad that it would bring down their entire network for five days.
Do they have access to customer records?
Because a lot of people have their credit cards saved because they like just the one-click purchase.
I got to admit, that makes me very nervous because, yeah, all right, mine's on there.
And I'm a little worried about this because, you know, if that information got out, I want to know.
And I need Sony to be communicating a little better than like, yeah, we're down because we got hacked.
No shit.
We all read the internet.
Even CNN was reporting about how Anonymous was attacking PlayStation Network.
And whether they're responsible for this or not, I mean, Sony has an obligation to tell me exactly what information of mine is out there.
California has some pretty strict consumer rights laws involving statements made about their information.
I think the federal government has some pretty strict laws on that stuff.
It's not just California.
Many states do.
But yeah, I mean, obviously.
But the bummer is, I think,
You can report up to 90 days after the incident.
And I'm sorry, Sony.
I want to know now.
Stop giving all this fluff.
What exactly is happening?
We're going on four to five days now.
You know, and...
We kind of joke about how on this show a lot of times the system will go down for a day or two and it's always like nobody ever remembers.
Nobody ever remembers that Xbox went down right after Halo 3 came out too.
Gamers pretty much overlook this stuff because once it's fixed then they can play their games.
But this is starting to go on one of those things where it's getting harder and harder to say you're just going to easily forget this.
Especially if we find out that our information was at risk.
That is going to be a huge
and GameStop will breathe a huge sigh of relief because they'll be open that much longer.
I think with the Xbox they've had the gold which is the for pay platform you know for Xbox Live that's been around longer more people depend on that for the co-op play and for Netflix whereas the PSN you know you post your trophies and you do some matching service on it but PSN because it doesn't have I mean if you don't buy the download games from PSN there's really no reason for them to have your credit card information whereas on the Xbox Live service you need a credit card for gold period
I actually don't put any of my information in those if I can help it because with Xbox you put it in there they will find a way that even if you unintentionally press something they're still going to charge you so it's best not to have it in there at all just buy the points through the internet
For the PlayStation Network, what I would do is I would, I don't know if you can do this anymore, but I would go onto the site, the website, PlayStation Network, put some money in my bucket or whatever, then buy the game through the PS3.
That way I can do a one-time transaction and they don't have my credit card saved in there.
Because otherwise I don't trust it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
This is really interesting because this just pulls back this whole other layer of what is anonymous all about?
Because of the fact that they don't have a face, they are anonymous, so to speak, it is so easy for the media to blame them for this, which is what's happening.
They may not be responsible, but they're getting the blame for this because there's no one to defend anonymous because they're anonymous.
And that adds actually to their notoriety.
Yeah, as I understand it... They're probably eating it up.
As I understand it, a couple weeks ago when the Geohots verdict came down, they did a couple days of DDoS attacks, which is where they flood the system with requests.
That was it.
So this thing that just brought the whole thing down like a house of cards, they're like, it's not whoever the people that... Yeah, whoever the mouthpiece is, whoever's calling the shots...
DarkSakura.com
This isn't the notoriety that they want.
They don't want to be responsible for the consumers because that's who they were trying to defend in the first place with this whole Geohots thing.
But unfortunately, how easy is it for the not-as-tech-savvy media, mainstream media, to just say, well, it's Anonymous' fault.
They said they put out these videos and Anonymous, Anonymous, Anonymous, Anonymous.
I mean, maybe they like having their name out there, but I don't necessarily think this is what they wanted their name on.
But because Anonymous has no mouthpiece...
This could be a whole subset of the group that's doing this.
And we just don't know.
It's interesting.
That whole politics or whatever you want to call it behind it is fascinating.
And just to get to the meat and potatoes of this story, Patrick Sebald, who is the head of PR for Sony, this is his actual statement on it.
Quote, "...an external intrusion on our system has affected our PlayStation Network and Curiosity Services."
in order to conduct a thorough investigation and to verify the smooth and secure operation of our network services going forward we turned off PlayStation Network and Curiosity Services on the evening of Wednesday, April 20th providing quality entertainment services to our customers and partners is our utmost priority
that's their that's all they got to say about it part of me is kind of like something really bad happened this is much more than a DDOS attack because if that was the case we would not be sitting down talking about reconstructing the whole fucking thing
during Easter weekend which is the start of spring break when you have two of your biggest titles out that is why I'm sitting here going I think private information was breached and I think it's going to come out in the next week that that's what happened and that kind of worries me like otherwise your timing is just ridiculous Sony
As someone with a sales analyst background, the fact that their store is offline, like, oh yeah, that's no revenue for a week.
Even a company as big as Sony that makes billions of dollars a year, if you don't make a penny for five days, you will feel it.
So yeah, it's pretty serious.
Alright, well let's move on with some more stories.
This one kind of came up while we were off last week, but it's just, speaking of demons with multiple heads or whatever you want to call it, this is a story that's just been going on and on over the past couple weeks that, you know, we didn't have a show last week, and that is...
The rumored new Nintendo console.
A new Nintendo console is rumored to be debuting at E3 this June, supposedly launching in 2012.
It's supposed to be more powerful, obviously, than the Wii.
A lot of talk about how it's supposed to be scary similar to the Xbox 360, where if you develop a game for the 360, it's supposed to be just that much easier for you to develop for whatever this new Nintendo console is.
um these uh leaks are coming from Game Informer who I believe was sorting a French site in their uh news which was the same French site that I believe broke the story on the PSP Go so it's kind of one of those things where like if the site was true before they're probably right again you know
I'm kind of sad Loki's not here because I swear to God, if you go back in the archives and listen to a show in January, I told him,
I said, Nintendo's going to announce a new console at E3 this year And he's like, no they're not, the Wii's still printing money I said, what do they have coming out on the Wii?
There is no big title on the Wii right now Except Zelda, that is it And now they've pushed Zelda back What's the real reason Zelda just got pushed back everybody?
That game was ready to roll, I'll bet you anything But now it's been pushed back, why?
It's getting the same treatment that the last Zelda game did
Guarantee it.
It's going to be multi-console just like the last one.
Oh, I wanted him to be here so bad so I could point out, I told you so, I told you so.
But yeah, honestly, I kind of see this as kind of a duh.
What else did Nintendo have to talk about at E3 this year as far as consoles go?
I mean, I should say living room consoles go.
The 3DS, obviously, is going to be the... Clearly, they're going to roll out the Mario game and the Kid Icarus game, and those are going to be their big titles that are going to sell more this year as they talk about Netflix and some of the other multimedia.
Guaranteed, you're going to see that.
Whatever way we can make nine-year-olds want to have a 3DS, they're going to try to sell as many of those under the Christmas tree as they can.
More Pokemans.
Yeah, and rumor is there's going to be a Pokemon announcement at some point as well.
So I would peg that a little closer to Tokyo Game Show, but sure, that's inevitable as well.
Pokemon Plaid and Polka Dot.
Pokemon 3D!
But as far as living room consoles go, it's been dead on Nintendo's front.
I mean, even with the Zelda game...
If that game was really coming out soon, we would be flooded with more screenshots and videos and things of that nature.
So guarantee it, there's a new console in the works.
Nintendo has to play catch-up in some regards to this.
It prints money.
Well, there's even more rumors that...
There's even more rumors that follow up with this, and some of it has to do with the controller, I suppose, that's going to be with this system.
Apparently, by the way, they're calling this whole thing Project Cafe, which I guess is like Dolphin was for the GameCube, right?
Or was that the 64?
And then Revolution was the codename for Wii.
The Saturn was the Katana, I think.
This will not be called Project Cafe when it comes out, guaranteed.
Yeah, Saturn was Katana, but then when they were doing pre for Dreamcast, it was Neptune.
That's right.
They will do some very weird name that is very one-syllable type of easy thing, just like, you know, Wii was.
They'll do something like that.
But anyway, supposedly the controller is supposed to be like an iPad with buttons.
Eight buttons, two analog sticks, a camera, a 6.2-inch touchscreen.
That's kind of weird because that means the controllers themselves would cost several hundred dollars.
if they're as fancy as everyone thinks they are.
Now, see, part of me says I don't necessarily think they're as good as an iPad or an iPod because you know what I think about?
I've seen these printers for sale at Fry's that have a removable touchscreen type of thing that you can take from the printer and actually look at the devices and the screen.
It's okay, but it's kind of cheap.
I think that is more what this is going to look like if this is even true because the problem with this is that now that you have...
These rumors that look like they're going to be true, everybody's sucking on to it.
And now you're going to see fake pictures, fake, everybody's going to just have a field day with this.
I'm just thinking of the VMU now.
Yeah.
And that's what a lot of people are saying, too.
That would make sense.
And I honestly, I played little things on my VMU.
I was trying to raise my chao in Japanese.
And the Final Fantasy... Oh, wait, no.
There's the Pocket Station, too.
Yeah, I totally just switched up platforms there.
That had that really cool thing, integration with the second Rival Schools.
Yeah.
The Evolution Disc.
Yeah.
and also Nintendo has kind of ever since the GameCube they've been the more affordable family friendly option so they can't go all high tech and put out you know a $600 system because that's going to go against what their business model has been for like 7 years now
I agree.
This has to be a cheap system.
They could probably get away with selling it for $300, maybe $400 if it's that fucking good.
But it's going to have to be cheaper than an iPad.
You know, how much was the Wii when it first came out?
$250.
But of course, it was supposed to be the budget system.
And it was a steal, yeah.
I honestly don't see them putting out such an expensive piece of technology as a controller I truly think if this is even true I really think you're looking at something like those printers and the portable because those printers are only like $300 and they have that little device you take right off of them so I think we're looking at something more like that they're all going to have Game Boy Micros attached to them
Well, whatever will help them sell more virtual console games.
I would think your 3DS would be the ideal controller for this system.
If they really want to have that synergy.
Like, remember back in the day.
Remember the Advance had the link cable to the GameCube?
We needed it for Animal Crossing to do the island.
And sadly, there were three games that used it.
Animal Crossing.
Pac-Man.
The Pac-Man Versus.
And Zelda.
Sonic Adventure 2 and the Sonic Advance game.
Oh, I forgot about the Sonic games.
Did the Chao trading.
Yeah.
and then you can do weird things like unlock original Metroid but I don't consider that a full feature that's just, you know quick tangent about the Wii real quick it's hooked up now at your place for the first time in like 16 months
Yes, I did.
I hooked up the Wii for the first time in 16 months.
And what did I play on it?
I think Super Metroid.
We also hooked up the Super Nintendo.
I found my bonafide Super Nintendo.
We were playing Mortal Kombat, like the real Mortal Kombat.
So that was kind of cool.
So I'm a little distracted right now.
I don't want to call this breaking news or whatever, but I just have to throw this out here because I know DarkSakura is going to be interested in this.
And Miglatov, if you're listening, which I know you are, you need to post this link in chat because he's showing me graphics from Phantasy Star Online 2.
Yeah, my friend Krista posted those images today.
I guess more information came out on this.
I have not seen this at all.
Technically, she posted them yesterday from Japan.
There's more information on 4gamer.net.
This looks like Universe, kind of, but in high def and these cool little screens.
I miss Phantasy Star Online.
I do, too, and there was just something missing in Phantasy Star Universe, so I hope Sega's figured it out.
Who am I kidding?
I'm going to get that game when it comes out.
I'm not even going to lie.
Oh, Ziba reminded me.
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles 2 for the Game Boy Advance as a controller.
That's right.
I guess there were a few.
Not just one or two games.
And Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles was a pretty cool game, too.
Those were all games that very few people ever really got to experience because the setup for it was so damn expensive.
But yeah, the Crystal Chronicles thing was so cool.
So, all right.
Anyhow, one other rumor about the new Nintendo system.
Supposedly, Nintendo is trying to make nice nice with Rockstar, trying to get them to develop for the Wii 2.
And this is a report from, what is this, Zero One Net, which I think is also GoNintendo.
I don't know, it's all over the internet somewhere.
saying that Rockstar apparently is being courted for Grand Theft Auto 5 to release in 2012 2012 is supposed to be when Grand Theft Auto 5 comes out and Nintendo is supposedly courting them to release the game on this new Nintendo system as well
Which really, it makes sense.
And it's not like Rockstar hates Nintendo.
Rockstar put out that mediocre Grand Theft Auto game on the DS.
Remember the Chinatown Wars or whatever?
So it would not be unheard of for Rockstar to develop for the Nintendo console.
But I think if Nintendo wanted to be serious about the whole, hey, we're going back for the hardcore gamer this year...
and you know maybe that'll be Reggie's angle when he takes E3 stage we've made a gaming console for everybody we've made a gaming console for those that want to play their Wii games on HD we've made a gaming console for kids we've made a gaming console for the hardcore gamer you want proof we're getting Grand Theft Auto 5 bet you never thought you'd hear me saying that you know that's not gonna happen
Well, he won't say it like that, but, oh, I think Grand Theft Auto V, if the rumors are true about that this is as easy to develop for us, the Xbox 360 and so forth, or they have that synergy because of the hardware that both systems are using, I think this is absolutely true.
But, I think this is also part of fanboy wank.
It kind of blurs the line.
I think it's obvious fanboy wank.
You know how sometimes sites will report on things that are kind of obvious?
I think this falls in that category, to be honest.
You know what I kind of wish that more companies would do because it's one of the things that made the Dreamcast easy to develop on is the fact that it would build in a Windows CE environment and every time a Dreamcast game would load that was built in Windows CE it installed the newest version of Windows CE and then played the game.
So you always had your system OS tailored to the game that you were playing.
All right, again, going to our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com is where you want to be.
Or you visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com and click on chat.
We're on the Game Surge Network on channel Orange Lounge is where you want to be.
That's our official chat room.
Some comments there saying, Ksan in our chat room says, Chinatown Wars was not mediocre from what I've heard.
I'm just going off Loki, who's like the biggest scram.
That's Auto Addict, I know.
Sorry.
DDR Dollar Bill says Chinatown Wars was just too dark to play and Randy in our chatroom says Nico Bellic in next Super Smash Brothers now that that could be an interesting set of talks
you know what going with the fanboy wank and this whole thing you know obviously the Zelda game will be one of the games that has a hybrid thing going on with the next console but if they really want me to just lose my shit on whatever this new console is how about that new F-Zero game already huh now that you're gonna be all high def and stuff give me a new F-Zero game why not no seriously the original F-Zero was a launch title for Super Nintendo so it's not unheard of that F-Zero could be a launch title oh yeah
F-Zero and Pilotwings in Mario World were the original launch titles.
I remember because I wanted them all.
So there you go.
Well, how about something else that was on the SNES?
How about it?
And we've already mentioned Final Fantasy, but Final Fantasy VI, which was released in the US initially as Final Fantasy III, it is coming out on Virtual Console and PlayStation Network.
So it is going to be there available to play.
And I don't, however, see a date attached to this.
In fact, I am trying to see if there's a date on the article, and it does not
The release date is soon.
Yeah, it's soon.
But it is also going to have the full motion video that came with the PlayStation updates with the Chronicles.
Oh, it's like the opera scene and the Kefkas Tower and a few others.
Hopefully it won't have the shitty loading times.
Well, if it's going to be playing on PlayStation Network, it's probably going to be something you're downloading, so you won't have to worry about that.
If it's all off the hard drive, then the load time should be minimal.
Depending on the emulator.
I don't know.
I don't know how that all fits in.
We've also put Flickr in here.
Yeah.
No, I've already got 50 million copies of this plus the original, so...
Yeah, I've got a ROM, the cart, and then the GBA port.
I will probably still buy it.
I will still buy it because I'm a consumer whore.
And how?
And Final Fantasy VI is so fucking good.
It's so good.
That was the game when I was 17, 18 years old.
Now, I told you about how I stayed home from school for a week to play it.
By telling everyone I had the flu.
Final Fantasy VII, people hate on Final Fantasy VII because it's not more Final Fantasy VI.
Let's be honest.
People didn't like the 3D thing, and people didn't like the whole Neo thing.
VII was a great game.
VII was a great game, it was, but people hate on it because it wasn't more of VI.
and it was 7 was rushed by Sony so it wasn't really even done but yeah I really wish that 5 and 6 got the DS 3D treatment that 3 and 4 did because those remakes were so good but I guess on the 3DS the same thing could happen
Oh yeah, oh yeah, absolutely.
Going to our chatroom at chat.orangelunchradio.com, lots of people perking up at the idea of F-Zero on the new Nintendo console being possible launch title.
BlackWolf says, F-Zero, yes, I agree with F-Zero.
Me likey F-Zero, me likey F-Zero.
Oh no, I'm sorry, me likey F-Zero was from Flaming Toilet in our chatroom.
BlackWolf continued up saying, F-Zero GX equals most beautiful GameCube game.
Absolutely.
I will tell you you could put that game in the Wii and you would not even be able to tell it's a game from last gen F-Zero GX is so good it's like my favorite racing game I think almost ever um let's see uh Kaijudo not much of a fan of F-Zero people love that F-Zero I never liked it it was too fast for me my friend tried to top trade it off to me and I hate it
Thanks for watching!
Ranma in our chatroom says, people hate On7 because it's the most popular, whored out, and overplayed in the fandoms.
Yeah.
That's part of it too.
Alright, moving on with some more gaming news.
Salacious Pop, what do you got for us?
Microsoft has registered a patent for networked and personalized Kinect profiles so that people can get the Kinect to remember their own unique mannerisms and how to interact with the device and also that profile would follow you if you ever went to a different Xbox and imported your it would be attached to your gamer tag is what I'm trying to say
and you can also use it to communicate possibly to other XBLA users that may not speak English or be able to communicate verbally so they might get some
I don't know, like sign language stuff in there.
Like a universal sign language type of thing?
That's kind of weird.
When I was trying to use the Kinect, you know, you lift your hand up and you move it over the tile that you want and you have to hold it there and you wait for the ring to spin around the hand icon.
I wanted to, like, punch it.
I would move my hand to the tile I wanted and I would go like this and then you were like, no, just hold your hand still.
And I think if I could go and say, I don't like how the Kinect wants me to do this particular command.
Here's how I want to do it and have it save that and follow my profile around.
I think that's what this patent is for.
That'd be really cool.
Interesting.
But then they throw in this whole, like, phones and computers into it.
And I'm like, what, the phones are going to have Kinect in them?
I hardly think so.
Maybe the profile comes in somehow.
I mean, I guess Kinect isn't just about the motions, but voice as well.
So maybe the voice will activate your profile on the phone?
Seems a little strange.
Yeah.
Anyhow, well, I guess we'll see what comes of that.
That could be something that Microsoft's planning on unveiling at E3.
We'll see.
Something else we might find out more on very soon is what is to come of this online survey that EA is doing.
As you know, surveys are a popular breeding ground for rumors, and this time it's about EA Sports.
Apparently EA Sports is investigating the reception to a paid subscription that would deliver paid downloadable content for free and make some full versions of upcoming games available to download before the release date.
So it's like you could join the club and then you get to break the embargo on games or something.
Kind of sounds a little bit like PlayStation Plus, but unique to EA or something.
I don't know.
Some of the bullet points that were mentioned in the survey Discounts on all downloadable content for participating EA Sports console based titles Let's see, yeah, so that's the kind of stuff they're talking about asking Also, of course, you can get the game on PlayStation Network or Xbox Live before it even comes out
that could be indicative of digital distribution and kind of moving more towards that mechanism so you would be able to bypass the store and buy the game from EA directly so they could keep all the profits that apparently is the intent here but you have to pay to join the club to do that you get to pay to join this club so you can pay EA directly and get the game early
That's what I'm reading out of this, right?
Bribe us and you'll get it.
It's kind of what it is.
We'll see.
Also, one other thing that they're talking about, the ability to transfer paid content from your current participating titles to future title versions.
so like if you buy like $50 worth of extra golf courses in Tiger Woods 12 you would get to transport them to future games which a lot of other game series are already doing for free like DJ Hero did that right you had the downloadable thing that would unlock anyway
Launch Day DLC, the ability to turn left, five bucks.
Launch Day DLC, the ability to turn right, five bucks.
That's where I'm worried we're headed.
But it's a racing game, so you only need to go forward.
You don't have to get left and right if you don't want to.
That's the one thing that excites me about what's going on with Sony right now, which I know sounds really messed up.
But if it does come out that your personal data was put at risk, digital distribution just got set back four years, guaranteed, if that comes out.
On the console level, yes.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Steam?
Steam is really just a store where PSN and XBLA is more of an integrated matching process.
There's still stores, but they're stores that are built into your console.
It's a little different.
Whereas the PC isn't so much a console.
You have the freedom to do whatever you want on the PC.
There are alternatives to Steam for the PC.
It's the same platform.
We will see what comes of this possible paid subscription in the future.
Moving on.
Well, since we were on Steam and this is how I bought the game.
Super Meat Boy Ultra Edition will be coming out in the UK sometime between July and September this year.
It will be published by Lace Mamba Global and it's going to be an actual boxed edition that is going to be coming out.
So it will have a 40 page booklet that has never before seen art.
and some behind the scenes information, an extended version of Team Meat Comics and the soundtrack and additional audio and a mini poster.
Yay, a poster!
And then you also get a slab of rotted meat and a band-aid.
And you get a meat dress.
You get a meat dress.
Okay, maybe not.
Oh, no.
Do they have that as a marketing thing?
Little bandages?
Super Meat Boy band-aids?
See, that would be a good idea to have bandage girl bandages.
There you go.
Absolutely.
Copyright, Jamie, Orange Island Radio.
Oh, wait, except it's not your game.
Pay, pay, pay.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on and travel the world with some release dates and see what games are coming out to a store near you.
It's going to be hard to top last week, but we'll see what happens.
Salacious Pop, why don't you start us off with what is coming out this week in America?
Since we didn't have a show last week, there are a few other titles aside from MK and Portal that came out.
Socom 4 was another big one for last week.
Nobody gets to play it right now.
Yeah, totally.
And then Final Fantasy 4, the complete collection on PSP.
Huge week for games.
Huge.
This week, upcoming is...
Pretty sparse, considering people's wallets can't really take more gonzo weeks of game releases like last week.
So this one's pretty mellow.
We have Operation Flashpoint, Red River on PS3 and 360, Haunted for PC, Operation Flashpoint, okay, Red River again on PC, Darkspore on PC, and...
IL2, I cannot even pronounce this, Sturmavik, Cliffs of Dover on PC, which sounds like a weird budget army game.
I don't even know what that is.
But that's it.
It's like six titles.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chat room is lamenting the non-mention of Conduit 2, which also came out this last week.
Oh, there it is.
Yeah.
And poor little Conduit 2 is going to get that a lot.
This was not a smart week to release that game.
Sorry, dudes.
I don't know what else to say.
I think some companies severely underestimated the power of Portal Combat.
I mean, on top of SOCOM, too.
SOCOM is a huge game, too.
I actually think it was a dumb week to release Final Fantasy IV, too.
Especially considering that the PSP does a lot through digital distribution now.
Well, nobody can buy that game on the PlayStation Network right now.
Yikes.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know, now I can't even remember the name of it.
But yeah, it has this really unique art style.
It reminds me of an old PC game.
Is it Alone in the Dark?
Is that what it's called?
I can't remember that.
Let me see.
It was a classic game of the week she did not that long ago.
But I don't know why, but the art style kind of reminds me of that a little bit.
Yeah, it's kind of an action game.
Maybe in the same vein as like Bayonetta type of thing where you play a dude with a sword.
That is really pretty.
Yeah, it is a pretty game.
Again, that's El Shaddai Ascension of the Metatron.
Comes out this week on the Xbox 360.
Very biblically themed.
Also this week on the Xbox 360 in Japan, Espegaluda 2 Black Label Platinum Collection.
I love Espegaluda.
Price reduction.
That's bullet hell, right?
Or no?
Oh, yeah.
PlayStation 3 also gets El Shaddai this week.
That's pretty much the only big release over there on the PlayStation 3.
On the Nintendo Wii this week, nothing.
You're going to hear that a lot when it comes to the Nintendo Wii because there's nothing coming out.
On the Nintendo 3DS, Dekasporta 3D Sports comes out.
That, of course, is Dekasports from Hudson in Japan.
Coming out on the regular DS, Hakoyuki Yugi Roku DS comes out this week on the Nintendo DS non-3D.
That's an adventure game with little chibi characters that I'm sure most people don't care about because...
It's so last gen.
And then lastly, the Sony PSP has a variety of games coming out this week in Japan, including Patapon 3, which I believe came out over here as well.
Saigo no Yakusoku no Monogatari comes out as well this week.
That is from Epic, and that is a Japanese RPG on the PSP.
Looks like kind of a man versus robot type of thing.
and lastly Otome wa Onesama no I'm sorry Ni Koi Shiteru Portable 2 Jin no Elder comes out this week as well and that is one more adventure game on the PSP in Japan and this is the one that future features pretty girls and it looks like you play four pretty girls going on these quests they're like looking through telescopes and dressing up it's like the Spice Girls get their own RPG look at that
We have a few things for Europe.
On the 26th is Mythos, on the 27th there's Outland, on the 28th Darkspore, Shin Megami Tensei Persona 3 Portable, also on the 29th is Thor the video game, and Virtua Tennis 4.
yay Virtua Tennis let's move on with another story from Salacious Pot the classic game of the week is coming up in just a little bit stay tuned
Okay, so as of the 16th, which would have been, I guess, last weekend, the Wii console has experienced a price drop.
Best Buy got to do it first for about a day before everyone else.
Now, $170.
And then every other major retailer started selling it at that price, I think, within 48 hours later.
So yeah, as of the 18th, you can get a Wii kit for $170.
And also, just more recently announced, Wii Sports Resort and Wii Party, which are the two...
I guess they're bundled titles that you can also buy separately.
Also got more of the staple titles of the current Wii lineup.
If you just can't get enough, Woohoo Island.
Yeah.
Those prices dropped $10 down to $39.99 per title starting the 25th, which is tomorrow.
So Wii Console cheaper, and the two staple games, if you didn't get them bundled, are now $10 off as well.
Now, I just want to point this out, because this is something you're not really reading in the news, but, you know, Loki has ties when it comes to selling things, and he made this little note in our little thread where we always talk about what stories we're going to talk about on the show, and so I'm going to pass this little tidbit along, do with it what you will.
He says, just the top five direct Nintendo retailers...
Not all retailers.
This is a temporary price drop to clear overstock inventory.
I wonder why they'd want to move Wii's well I mean one could hypothesize that the new Nintendo console plays into this but come on that's going to be a year away although I don't know I mean part of me wants to say why would you announce a console at E3 when it's not going to come out until next year but that's exactly what they did with the 3DS so that kind of refutes that but I would think they would try to get it something out console wise this year but we'll see I don't know
I don't know what this price drop should be tried into.
Maybe a new bundle.
Maybe that's the route they're going to go.
Maybe they're clearing overstock so they can do some Uber Wii bundle that's going to come out for the holidays.
In these two games, like I just said, if you buy them all a cart, you can also get a bundle with them.
Ah, true.
So they're just kind of taking up space now.
There's got to be some type of Uber Wii coming out towards the end of the year.
Is it called the Wii Wii?
None.
Something you will not be able to play on the Wii, but you'll be able to play it on the Xbox 360.
and eventually you'll be able to play it on the PlayStation 3 but news came out this week that Child of Eden from Q Entertainment has been pushed back to September on the PlayStation 3.
The game is still coming out on June 14th for the Xbox 360 with Kinect support.
So why was it pushed back to September?
Well...
They haven't really said, but they have said that it will now feature Move support for the PlayStation.
So perhaps that is the reason why it was pushed back, was to include the PlayStation Move support.
I don't know why they bothered.
They should have just patched that in later, because I kind of think the PlayStation Move... Is anyone still all about PlayStation Move right now?
I mean, one could argue, is anyone about Kinect right now?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and visit Classic Games from Gaming's Past.
It's the Classic Game of the Week segment and DarkSakura's going to dive into the vault headfirst and find a game that she says, Hey!
You little brats!
This is a classic game you should check out right freaking now.
DarkSakura, what is the Classic Game of the Week?
The game of the week is called Narbacular Drop.
And this is a game I have brought up before.
I see what you're doing here.
Exactly.
I figured with Portal 2 coming out, it's best to get to the root.
All right, let's listen to some of the ambience from Narbacular Drop.
Yeah.
Hopefully the... There wasn't a lot of sound in this game, I believe.
No, but it had some decent music.
Well, at any rate, Narbacular Drop is the precursor to Portal.
It was a free game online in 2005 for the PC, ran in DirectX 9, and it was the senior game project of students going to DigiPen.
They actually named it Narbacular Drop because Narbacular is not really a word, and so it would help the thing be found on search engines really easily.
So basically, the whole premise is that there was a Princess No Knees, as in No-K-N-E-E-S, who is unable to jump.
She was captured by a demon and imprisoned, so she found out that since the prison is actually a sentient creature named Wall-E and has a portal-making ability, she could escape through using portals.
So it basically, it has the whole first person shooter vibe like Quake, but it has the portals in there too.
You have to solve different puzzles.
It's very, I mean, you can definitely see where this led to portal.
And so you create the different interconnected portals.
You can actually shoot portals through portals as well, which was very interesting.
It really helped.
But you'd have boxes and boulders and things to avoid.
You have different switches to do.
You can't save in the game.
And it really is very complex.
You only have about six puzzles in that because, again, this was a senior project.
But it's super good.
It's actually pretty, pretty fun.
And so, basically, the group that developed it was snatched right up by Valve and said, we like this idea, make us Portal.
And they're like, okay, sure, we'd like to do that.
And...
So they did.
And, uh, it's actually, you know, you can actually go get this for free.
It is online.
It will run on just about any PC.
And it, you know, it's nothing great to look at.
It looks like, you know...
and Spritely like Quake, like early Quake and Doom and Hexen.
Well, I mean, it is 3D, but it's 3D with sprite textures.
And I think something that's important to mention too, it looks nothing like Portal.
No, it looks nothing like Portal.
It does not have that test chamber look.
It looks more like a medieval castle type of look.
And I think that's one very common misconception about Immaculate Drop is that it looks like Portal.
It really doesn't.
No, it's set, you're a princess escaping from a dungeon, trapped by a demon, so.
The story is different, however, the premise is the same.
You have to use your portals, solve puzzles, and get out while not being, you know, jumped on by creatures, and falling in the lava, and having GLaDOS, wait, wrong game.
I've gotten our bacular drop.
I've gone a few puzzles through it.
And honestly, it's a little bit harder for me to get through because early 3D like that kinda...
It gives me a headache, if that makes sense.
I can do all the sprite-based 3D-like games just fine, but if it's actual 3D with the sprite-based textures, then it makes me kind of sick.
But it's still a fun little game.
I mean, it's free.
Why not?
And I've got it attached to... Well, I mean, you can't download it through Steam, but I have it attached to my Steam account, so I can just launch it through that.
But it's a fun little game.
It really is.
It's just...
It's a small download.
It's really simple.
It's just simple and fun.
That's all.
And so if you want to see the origins of Portal, you should definitely try Nebacular Drop.
All right.
With the little horribly drawn story bits at the beginning.
It's really neat to see, too, how freaking far this game evolved, too.
You go play Nebacular Drop, it's really nothing like Portal.
This is six years ago.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
So, I want to say that the original way that this was done was by completely duplicating and re-rendering the room when you threw the portal.
But now, with Portal 2, it's just, not with Portal 2, but with the actual portal, they redid those physics to where it actually would just respawn you through a particular point.
Mm-hmm.
I remember there's something about this on the Portal commentary where they were talking about the difference in programming and what went into, you know, what they changed from Robacular Drop to Portal and how certain things wouldn't carry over and how certain things had to carry over.
So it's pretty neat.
And Valve is one of the few major studios that are known to do it quite often to hire employees from the community, whether it be the fandom community or to just go to the studio that made Narbacular Drop and just say, we want to buy your shop and bring you in for this project.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
of such a landmark game.
I would seriously like at least five of our listeners to download it and send me an email what you think of it.
It is super free, right?
Super free.
Very free.
You can download it all over the place.
All right.
There it is.
And that's usually your classic games of the week are like obscure fucking Sega titles that will cost you $100 on eBay.
But this one is free.
It's free.
There you go.
It's in Space Fantasy Zone.
You can download that online.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week.
We're going to take a break here live, folks.
We've got plenty more show to come.
It's been a pretty busy week.
We've got to talk about Mega Man Legends 3.
There was some news on that this week.
Talk about, yet again, Guitar Hero.
Rob, before I forget, I am posting the download link in the chat room.
Alright, so go download it ASAP and let DarkSakura know your thoughts, especially if you haven't played before.
Alright, we're going to take a quick break, guys.
We'll be back, though.
Plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Lots of emails tonight, too.
Speaking of wanting emails, I was looking at the email bag earlier.
It has built up over the past couple weeks.
Yay!
So we get lots of voices tonight.
And phone calls coming up before the night is over.
So stay tuned, guys, on this Easter Sunday, episode 410 of Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll be right back after this.
DarkSakra, what do you do?
You have another little show.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
All right.
But not always on.
It's been a hectic month, you know.
And besides that, now next month, finals.
Yikes.
Well, we're still doing the side project I've got going on with Extifer, the best little horde house in Azeroth, also known as Horde House for short.
If you like World of Warcraft, or even if you hate it, but you just enjoy Extifer talking about his wang, you can download us at hordehouse.com.
We actually have a website and everything.
and uh yeah we were off last week inadvertently we had Comcast go down 30 minutes into the show uh so we had like a jumbo episode this week so there's like two hours of wow talk this week that's a lot of wow it's definitely a lot of wow all right let's get into some rapid fire news some quick news stories uh that we wanted to bring up at some point on tonight's show Loki's gonna start us off oh wait he's not here slash Bob's gonna start us off
Wow.
Well, when you sit in the chair and... Yeah.
Pop's going to start us off because Loki has the night off.
Okay, so here's a feel-good human interest story that's going to make you go, aww.
Skip it.
A gamer who goes by the name of Ben, I don't know if that's his handle or his real name, started dating a nice young lady and eventually at some point during the relationship when they were hitting it off, he gave her the gamer talk, you know, if we don't have plans, I'm going to be parked in front of the TV for hours playing my games and you need to be okay with that.
And her response was, you play Borderlands, right?
Fire it up.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
so the two of them played all through Borderlands and all of the DLC and I guess Ben went to Gearbox and told them this lovely story of gamer romance and said that he was going to propose to her and Gearbox made a video called Borderlands Modest Proposal which you can find on YouTube where they have their sassy rude profanity dropping mascot
Clap Trap, he does a wedding proposal, marriage proposal video for this fan.
It took him about a week to make it.
It addresses her by name, so the band was like, hey, I want you to look at... So Borderlands, you know, helped them get to know each other.
And then they got divorced in three months.
No, I'm kidding, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Nothing but the best.
See, it's called Borderlands Modest Proposal.
The YouTube channel is Taco Bell Manager.
Laughter
yeah sorry this is really funny Gearbox helped these this loving I hope you like Borderlands and I hope you like Gorditas because you're gonna get a lot of that and I haven't had a chance to watch about a minute and a half and I guess they got their writers to put in some jokes and yeah so took him a week to do that yeah Lord game companies work slow all right I'm just kidding I'm kidding
They got paid in 39 cent tacos.
Next we have a story about YouTube video sensation Freddie Wong.
I looked through his channel and I don't recognize a lot of his stuff.
He put out a character.
I guess he's a computer animator and he does a lot of YouTube mini-movies.
and he put out a character called Mr. Toots Mr. Toots is a tiny knee-high unicorn and this here it's half live action half CGI and Freddie Wong finds Mr. Toots in a cardboard box out on the street and Mr. Toots is a little knee-high unicorn that shoots rainbows out of its ass
So those of you that are into robot unicorn attack or just rainbow unicorn fandom hilariousness.
Oh, I love rainbow unicorns.
This is that guy that did that Portal video.
Oh, is it?
The Portal gun delivery.
All right, let me see.
I'm looking at the video here in studio.
So here's the, he lifts up the box and there's the little.
Wait, hold on.
I'm watching it here.
I'm like two seconds behind you.
That is a creepy looking unicorn.
Oh, there's the unicorn.
Oh, look at you.
You little horse thing.
What's your name?
Everything okay, huh?
Hey, looks like we got a car coming, so let's get out of the road, huh?
Shit, is that a rainbow?
No, dude, look out!
My favorite is the dude exploding and like the Mortal Kombat blood all over it.
And the skeleton.
So this is gaming related because it turns out that Mr. Toots has been copyrighted and registered to Volition Inc., the developer behind THQ's Red Faction and Saints Row series.
So whether the character came first and the THQ snatched it up or he was commissioned for this little dude, we're like, what on earth is Volition going to do with this character?
This guy actually borrowed the model.
Oh, okay.
He credits him in the end of the video.
He borrowed the model from somebody.
So it could be like some cross promotion.
And see, I love this joke in our chat room from Randy because somebody had to make this joke.
Chat.orange.com.
Mr. Toots and the pink anus.
Remember the magical unicorn game on Steam with the pink anus?
A-E-N-U-S that you buy as a material.
Yeah.
Lots of anus going on in this game.
Oh yeah, so it does look like that Mr. Toots came from THQ first and then this Freddie Wong guy did the promotional thing for it.
You know what's funny about the anus?
What?
Everything's funny about anus.
I always get it confused with this candy in Japan called ASSE.
I guess it's assay or ass.
But it looks like ass when you eat it in the box.
Mmm, tastes like ass!
Mmm!
So yeah, the biggest part of this story is just the whole what factor and the fact that it's from Volition, so where are they going to drop this dude?
Maybe he'll be a playable character in Saints Row 3.
You know, you're running... You're on drug missions, and instead of getting an Uzi, you're just shooting rainbows out of your ass at people.
I don't know.
Ass.
Thank you, DarkSakura, for derailing the show with ass.
My last quickfire story is even though Activision has pulled the plug on the XYZ Hero franchises, be it guitar or DJ, it looks like DJ Hero 2 is getting at least one more DLC pack.
Not sure if it's the last, but it's still getting content.
It's an Ultra Mix pack by...
I'm blanking.
Let me just add it up here.
Deadmau5.
Sorry.
Deadmau5 is putting out a three-song track pack for DJ Hero 2.
House Music by Benny Benassi, Sophie Needs a Ladder by Deadmau5, and We Speak No Americano by Yolanda B. Cool and DCUP.
C-U-P.
Yeah.
Womp womp.
You're gross.
All right.
Anything else?
That's it for me.
All right.
Let's go to the other music game that comes up once in a while on this program.
It used to come up a lot on this program.
Beatmania 2DX is having its 19th version being tested.
It's called Linkle.
Not sure what that's supposed to mean.
It's L-I-N-C-L-E, Linkle.
It kind of looks like Uncle, but with the U kind of.
I think that would be a better name.
Beatmania 2DX 19, Uncle.
Uncle, make it stop.
These songs don't sound the same.
What was 17 and 18?
It was like Duchess, Empress.
One was Empress.
You got it.
Empress was one.
And then the other one was Sirius.
But not like the radio.
It's the constellation in the sky.
Yeah.
So this one is Linkle.
And I don't know.
It kind of has like a sci-fi theme going on.
Whatever.
Some of the new games, or some of the new songs that are coming out in it.
I don't even recognize these bands anymore.
Like, I used to be so into this series.
Soda Fujimori, I remember him, with a song called Lucky Days.
Let's see, Coors K, Drive Me Crazy.
I remember...
Thank you for watching!
So we get a song called F. Some of the other things that are coming to 2DX 19th style as I will forever call it.
A light blue theme apparently in the game.
Song previews have been added for normal gameplay mode.
That's pretty cool.
So you can actually hear what the song sounds like finally 19 games later.
Let's see a hard EX option added.
It is even harder than hard.
That's a direct quote.
Harder than hard.
And some songs, unfortunately, have been removed from the game because, you know, they have to delete old songs to make room for the new ones.
Luckily, because I don't follow the series anymore, I don't recognize any of these songs that they've removed.
But there you go.
Beatmania 2DX, Linkle.
Now, I would care about Beatmania 2DX again if they would put out the home versions.
Especially if they came out on PlayStation 3.
Yeah, PlayStation 3, because it's not region coded.
Bring it out already!
And you have your controllers that we packed, and I want to play those.
We're already getting Tingle things in the chatroom, by the way.
Tingle and Linkle?
Nice.
You know, Tingle... If Tingle and Link had a baby, it would be Linkle.
BlackWolf in our chatroom says, 2DX lives on where Guitar Hero dies.
Well, in Japan anyway, but you don't really see anything about it here.
They should have an insane 4 controller version where you use your toes.
BVM2DX was a lot of fun, it really was Bring back the effector pedal!
Like, two arcades have it anymore You know, Arcade Infinity is gone You can go to what, Sunnyvale Golf Line or Milpitas?
One of the two still has it And they got rid of ours That's one arcade in the Bay Area They probably have the one that RVGL got rid of Maybe That's so stupid they didn't get rid of 2DX Oh, DarkSakura says they deleted Power Dream I did like that song
You know what?
We just need to have a Bimani party.
No, we don't.
Yeah, we do.
Unless you're going to kick it like it's, you know, 2002 all over again.
I know.
Well, after three songs and we're all covered in sweat because we're not in the shape that we used to be in doing nine-footer songs.
No, and that's just from playing 2DX.
Nice.
Alright, some other things.
An Xbox exclusive Mortal Kombat fighter was discussed, according to Ed Boon, saying, quote, Unfortunately, the circumstances didn't allow us to make a 360 exclusive character.
I'm not allowed to talk too much about it, but I can tell you we certainly wanted to do an exclusive for 360, but that's all I can say.
And unfortunately, that's leaving everybody to try and guess what could the character have been?
One of the, well, I can't really think of that many iconic Microsoft licensed only characters they have because Kratos obviously is a Sony only property.
He's very recognizable.
One of the Gears of War dudes.
Marcus Fenix.
Master Chief, which would be kind of dumb in that universe because at least Kratos has got the whole medieval and the blades.
Right.
How about that chick from Cameo?
What's she doing these days?
That could have been the character.
She's playing Uno with the Cameo Uno pack.
Or a nondescript dude from Fable.
I think probably what Microsoft had a problem with was the fatalities.
and it's, you know, to have your character die a horrible death is something that's hard for some people God of War already had the rendered guts and the eviscerations and the titties for no reason so Kratos is at home in Mortal Kombat Right
Microsoft doesn't really have a character like that unless chat can think of one that we're forgetting unless you know Matt I don't I don't see them splitting Master Chief in half and his little midsection it's gross some of those fatalities are gross which by the way I am gonna try and get that video of my mom playing Mortal Kombat just you know working on that I told her about the project today she's like what
So, yeah.
So, I don't know what character it could have possibly been.
I mean, if it had been Marcus Fenix or something, I think the problem would have been with the fatalities.
That's why they had to change up DC Universe.
But, I mean, it's one thing to do it for a single Xbox character.
It's another to change the game for DC Universe.
I mean, that's why they... I'm sorry, THE DC Universe, not to be confused with the game DC Universe.
You know what I mean, though.
So...
One other quick thing I want to say, it's about the 3DS Ocarina of Time.
We all know that game is coming out on the 3DS.
That's another big thing they're going to pimp for this holiday season.
There's going to be a new feature in the game called the Boss Challenge Mode.
It's an all-fighting mode.
You go up against any of the bosses you've encountered on the main quest.
You can take on the bosses individually or all at once in a continuous battle.
That's all we know.
One little unlock feature that will be in the game, an extra mode.
Kind of sounds a little silly to me, but I guess whatever extra crap they can throw in there to make it seem worth it again, they will do.
So we'll see.
DarkSakura, you got a few stories for us?
I have a few.
Konami Style, which is notable for often having pretty expensive stuff up there.
Remember the arcade style 2DX and poppin' music controllers?
Well, they have a $380 Pyramid Head sculpture now.
It's up for pre-order.
Tomopop is basically saying this is the only officially licensed Pyramid Head to date.
The actual price is 31,500 yen, or about 382 bucks.
And it's a pretty sick looking figure, I gotta say.
This is, he's all, you know, wearing his skin, you know, outfit with the big pyramid on his head and the great knife.
And it's actually specifically Silent Hill Homecoming.
So it looks pretty cool.
And I'm going to show our chat room what it looks like.
None of you will get to see.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
There you go, chat room.
That could have been the character in the game, because imagine how that fatality would have worked.
The fatality would have been you would have had to run like in Wii Fit.
I don't know.
I'm imagining Mario and Luigi in a Mortal Kombat game now where they take a monkey wrench and just shove it through someone's throat.
All these angry parents writing letters.
I love it.
I don't know.
Maybe someday.
Sorry, Jamie.
I just had to get that out there.
I love the clippy one too much.
That's a good idea for a character.
That's okay.
I'm just going, Microsoft Bob.
Awesome figure.
Awesome figure is awesome.
and in Portal 2, the little egg-shaped turrets have an Easter egg.
I have not heard this, so I'm going to have to check it out myself later, but it's on YouTube.
You guys can check it out.
Should I be bringing this up here?
If you like.
I'll go read the next story while you do that.
I got it, I got it, I got it.
It's a little, what, this is a little song they sing?
Yeah.
What is this?
It looks like around level 16.
I'm trying to see if I recognize this level.
Let me skip ahead a little bit.
The turrets serenading you is an event that happens later in the game.
I remember seeing this part in one of the levels where the turrets were unreachable.
This part looks familiar to me, but I don't remember them singing like this.
Weird.
Alright, anyway.
It would be funny if, when you're doing the defective turrets, if you could get one that sings instead of the I'm a turret!
Turret.
Yeah, all of the lethal functioning turrets are female, but the incompetent dunce turrets are male.
But there's, well, and the same goes with Wheatley.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But I've noticed that actually something that they pointed out in the first portal is that there's so much female oriented stuff in the game like bring your daughter to work day and GLaDOS being female and the main character being female.
So they're just keeping up with that theme.
Yeah.
Go power.
It's like the Silent Hill movie before they added the needless character Sean Bean.
Unrecoverable Black Screen and Elevator Save
fixed infinite loop on Mac OS X server fixed Mac OS X font rendering and glyph corruption fixed GC memory leak various location content improvements support for English subtitles and Turkish builds because people in Turkey love their portal minor string interface glitches, fixes for multiple crashes, improved detection handling for various errors and or crashes activated UI to enable joystick in game, that's pretty cool
However, it did get a 10 out of 10 from Eurogamer, so I think it's pretty sweet.
It's sick!
And that's it.
Nice.
I was going to say part of the reason that they had to give the Turkish language support was that Hakan from Street Fighter 4 threatened to kick their ass if they didn't add that.
He was going to threaten to oil himself up and send nude photos.
Yes, he was going to oil himself up and send nude pictures if that didn't happen.
Let's go to the Twitter.
Get some Twitter topics.
Actually, shit, I forgot to ask for them.
So we may not have anything on Twitter, but let's see what happens if I go to the Twitter at twitter.com slash OLR.
And let's see what happens when Rob forgets to request these things.
Let's see if we got anything anyway.
Let's see.
Logging into Twitter.
Clearly I'm prepared for this segment tonight.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Oh, we do have some tweets.
Look at this.
Let's see.
Redertainment says on Twitter, given her biting yet funny insults, how do you think GLaDOS would deliver a Yo Mana joke?
I think he meant to say Yo Mama, but he typed Yo Mana, which is actually really funny.
I don't know why.
It would be this.
Your mother is dead.
That's very good.
I like that.
There's a joke in there.
SSJ100Matt is on Twitter saying, Hey, it's Easter.
Whatever happened to peep jousting?
Also, what's your favorite totally not kosher for Passover Easter candy?
Ooh, good question.
Waffles.
I couldn't have waffles today.
I wanted waffles so bad.
Whatever happened to peep jousting?
Actually, I was trying to explain peep jousting to my mother this morning.
Right?
Remember?
You brought it up.
Yeah, there's a very...
Like, you're either someone that doesn't mind peeps, or will eat them, or you think they're the most vile fucking candy on the face of the earth.
Vile, vile, vile, vile.
Yeah, so we brought up peeps at the Easter breakfast, and Rob's mom and I think aunt...
You say the two relatives were like, oh, peeps.
My cousin-in-law.
So they were going through their whole peeps are gross rant, and we mentioned peep jousting.
That was after my cousin's son, who's nine years old, was threatening to look up the show on the internet.
So God, I hope he didn't find it.
If so, you need to turn it off.
Your mother's going to kick your butt.
I'm surprised that there wasn't more bacon at the event.
Let's not get into that.
But yeah, peep jousting.
I don't know.
I haven't done peep jousting in a long time.
What about the other part of the question?
What's your favorite totally not kosher for Passover Easter candy?
The problem with that is that candy would be okay as long as it's not made with flour.
You know, like something with a crust.
Pocky?
Yeah, you couldn't have Pocky.
But I don't really think a Pocky would be strong.
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura.com
now I'm imagining chocolate covered chicken and that would just be gross go to any state fair in the south well you're from the south, you know it would be chocolate covered chicken deep fried in like bacon fat ew alright we got some other I will tell you one thing my friend made bacon brownies I see that I told her that when all this is over she used to make me some turkey bacon brownies what about you?
favorite Easter candy?
The Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Eggs Just because it's just a big flat peanut butter cup And those are amazing You know what I don't like are cream eggs I can't People worship those things But they are too much They are too much They have those mini cream eggs now Those I can eat Sells Mars Eggs
Marzipan?
No, Mars Bars eggs.
Oh, okay.
And they also have these dark chocolate truffle eggs.
Because there are all kinds of cream eggs sold in England, and these are just... They're all Cadbury, the ones that they carry.
They also have the...
The Galaxy ones.
They sell those too.
And the Aero ones.
They're all puffed air chocolate eggs.
So good.
Anyway.
I need to go get my Mars egg.
Let me get to some more tweets.
Flaming Toilet is tweeting us.
Upgrading to a new Slim PlayStation 3 and tired of waiting for PSN to come back.
Is it okay to do data transfer utility or do I risk losing data?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Data transfer between his old system and his new one?
That's what I'm assuming.
Okay.
Kind of like a license transfer, I'm assuming.
Like what you do on 360?
I've never had to do that before.
I wouldn't risk it.
Honestly, right now, not a good time to try that.
Because it... Depending on when his slim was...
are manufactured and put on the shelves.
He's probably a few OS updates behind.
And that, once he actually gets the Slim online, it's like, oh, we need to update you to 3.6.
I don't know what number they're on.
And that might invalidate his certificates.
So just wait.
Good point.
Yeah, you're going to have to wait it out.
Sorry.
And let's see.
One more tweet from TigerClaw305 on Twitter says this tweet.
The DS Lite is going to be discontinued.
Yeah, that was some news that was circulating this week, is that the DS Lite is no more, and he's linking us to a story on 1up.com that apparently references a NeoGAF post where there is documents going out.
Nintendo is not offering any comment on this right now, but I guess some of the older DSes are being discontinued, which makes sense, I mean.
Well, I think every person in the developed world
has one, including their pets.
Like, my cat has a DS light.
I'm kidding.
But no, I think, yeah, that's... They're pretty...
Prevalent.
Yeah, and they're not getting rid of the DSi or the DS XL.
That's important to know.
And I still want one of those too, but yeah.
So there's no... Why?
Why not just get the 3DS?
I don't know.
Those screens are big.
Well, the 3DS is backwards compatible with the regular DS, right?
Yep.
Okay.
But not the advanced games.
So you like must play Game Boy Advance games still?
Well, they haven't had the GBA port on the DS in a while.
Oh, that's right.
They got rid of that with the DSi.
Yeah.
So I guess that's the one thing you're losing with the DS Lite.
No more Game Boy Advance games.
So there you go.
Let's see.
One more tweet.
TigerClaw got in one more.
And why not?
I'll go ahead and read this one.
Chrono Trigger apparently is also coming out.
So I guess this is in the same vein as the Final Fantasy VI thing we heard about earlier.
Apparently Chrono Trigger for the PlayStation 3 and PSP was outed by an ESRB listing.
So this is probably just right up the same alley as Final Fantasy VI because Chrono Trigger was released for the PlayStation 1.
and yeah, so this is, yeah, the, what was that called?
Was it the Final Fantasy Chronicles that had Chrono Trigger in it?
It was Chronicles.
Chronicles, yeah, the other one was the Anthology.
Yeah, so it's probably just obviously a port of that because that's already been out on Sony.
The DS port with the extra dungeon and the endings and stuff is probably still the better Chrono Trigger port.
release that you'd want to get rather than this one.
Give us a legit Chrono Trigger sequel already.
Like, I know there's Chrono Cross, but I mean, seriously, how long ago was that?
Damn, Square.
everybody loses their shit over that game and yet we still don't have like something in that canon it's weird one of the reasons why I still want a DS XL is because Chrono Trigger port on the DS I can see it fine it's not like I'm blind but just those sprites I want them on a bigger screen so fair enough yeah all right let's move on with some more gaming news and then we're gonna get to your phone calls before too long and emails we have lots of emails tonight can't wait to do that DarkSakura's got to work tonight
Yeah.
Yay.
All right.
Salacious Pop.
More news.
So after that, a couple weeks ago, we announced that the Mega Man project that Capcom was working on was scrapped, but they're still, from what we understand, working on Mega Man Legends 3 that has a huge fandom that really wants that game to come out.
Capcom has announced that they are putting out a Mega Man Legends 3 prototype version, which is sort of a...
Beta slash demo.
I'm not sure if it's going to have a full start to finish or it's a separate episode that may not necessarily be in the full release of the game.
But it's just what they have compiled that runs well.
They're going to put it out for the 3DS and on their eShop.
It's supposed to hit in late May.
and there's a playable character named Barret and it offers a few missions not to be confused with the first person ever to say shit in Final Fantasy just so you know so you play as Barret and it's going to have a few missions though it's probably going to be spammed with loading screen messages that just say this is not a finished product this is a game in progress any bugs blah blah blah so yeah we're going to get something but you're going to have to pay for it right let's see
Quickly, let me throw this out here.
It's going on the eShop.
Let me throw this out here, too.
A little follow-up to that is that I guess Capcom isn't really sold on this whole thing.
They are saying that we need interest, we need participation from fans, or this game could be axed at any second.
For some reason, I'm just reminded of when Tinkerbell is dying.
Clap.
If you want to save me, just clap.
Clap louder.
Clap louder and say, I believe in fairies.
I believe in fairies.
That's literally what Capcom is saying.
You need to clap.
and say, I believe in Mega Man!
I believe in Mega Man!
And then give us your money.
Is basically what they're saying.
So they have come out and said in a blog post on Capcom Unity, Masakazu Iguchi, the director of the game, said the prototype version that's coming out on the 3DS is based on the prototype that they made to prove to Capcom that the game could happen.
The heat and excitement surrounding this downloadable title would determine whether or not the full game could be greenlit.
If hype is strong, the full title will be a go."
If not, it's a no-go.
Dude, bunch of surf bots.
If you want Legends 3, if this thing costs money and it's basically a glorified beta, that's kind of lame.
But yeah, pick it up.
They're tracking heavily the response to this, so get it.
So now not only do we have pay to unlock content, but we have pay demos.
Pay to finish developing.
you want us to fix those clipping issues or you know the game crashes if you try to walk backwards you know just slip a little like a 20 we'll figure it out alright well I guess to be fair the Gran Turismo 5 prologue was kind of the same thing it kind of sounds like where this is going except we always knew there would be a Gran Turismo 5 eventually although was Bobby ever convinced that Gran Turismo 5 came out I'm not sure hopefully he's in chat and can let us know
DarkSakura.com
Thank you for watching!
uh now apparently they were kind of asked well didn't you like try to get this cleared with Sega or what's going on uh Bomberlink who's the project leader on the progress said they did contact Sega uh I would like to say this is a quote from him I would like to say that we did actually contact Sega last year through an email message regarding the use of copyrighted material to which they answered asking us to send a formal letter to their legal department so that's what we did we accepted the ESA policies regarding the DMCA as well otherwise this website would not exist anymore so
There you go.
They had to take it down because Sega didn't like it.
Eight years that thing was in the making.
And Sega is just trying to really utilize that Streets of Rage license right now.
It's a big IP for them.
A part of trademark law is you have to pursue every infraction against your brand even if you're not doing anything with it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So yeah, this is unfortunate to hear because the community obviously really cares about it and have to take eight years to put this out.
But the fact that they were C&D is sort of, I don't know, seems like a duh.
Do we mention about the whole Sega building in San Francisco now belongs to Zynga?
To Zynga, yeah.
We did bring that up on the show, huh?
Speaking of sad stories, sad, sad stories.
We need a sad trombone, Rob.
I didn't know Zynga owned Words With Friends now either.
Zynga's the...
I stopped playing Words with Friends.
You know why?
Because everybody wants to fucking play Words with Friends.
And then it's like my phone keeps going off every two seconds.
Your move with DarkSakura.
I don't play.
Random people you didn't know, right?
We're trying to start new games with you.
Yeah, that shit happens too.
Fuck Words with Friends.
It's a terrible game.
Yeah, I said it.
I love Scrabble That's not a word!
You can actually take a screenshot of the screen from Words With Friends and then like upload it to this other app and it just cheats.
Tells you the best word.
When I was playing a lot of Yahoo Literati, I would, there was a JavaScript website that was in Anagram Finder where you would put in your Yahoo Literati URL and it would say, oh, here's your word.
You're a cheater.
Yeah.
You are a cheater?
You cheated on Yahoo Literati?
Yes.
You're going to hell.
Awesome.
I can, however, say that I have not cheated at Scrabulous.
I miss Scrabulous.
What's Scrabulous?
Scrabulous became Lexulous because Scrabble or whatever.
Is that on Facebook?
It is now.
Ah, fuck that game too.
Well, I don't play it on Facebook, but I used to play it when it was Scrabulous and it had Scrabble Solitaire.
Now it's like, it makes you play with people and I hate that because Scrabble Solitaire is super fun.
Where basically you just play until you're out of words and build up your score.
Are there any fun Facebook games right now?
Like I know that's kind of an oxymoron.
I've been going in and deleting just about all of my apps.
There's seriously nothing I play on Facebook.
I got sick of Knights of the Clique.
I'm sure I have like four trillion blood points in Vampire Wars that I haven't touched in three years.
Knights of the Clique haven't touched in two and a half, three months.
I deleted it.
I deleted almost all of my games.
I want to play the Civ game.
That was the only thing I was interested in.
Did that come out?
I don't even remember.
It was in Alpha for a long time.
And then there's supposedly, and it's a story that didn't make our show roll tonight, but some music game is out on Facebook too that I need to check out for next week.
something that was posted in our thread about like a Facebook game but I wanted to actually play it before bringing it up on the show but apparently there's that too so all right uh Kassan in our chat room says Scrabulous sounds like a Decepticon name I like that all right let's move on uh DarkSakura what do you got for us
There is an Activision memo that was linked that says there is no appetite for Guitar Hero.
But there is an appetite for Destruction.
And there's also an aperitif for destruction, if you like.
Lounge against the machine.
Anyway.
Basically, the whole thing is that they're saying is that, yeah, right now it's dead, but it should eventually come back up.
They're asking...
The CEO, Eric Hirschberg, said, why are we walking away from Guitar Hero instead of just trying to reinvent it?
And that basically it's because there are so many high-quality games that are just saturating the market.
Isn't this what we were saying before?
Is it the market was just way too saturated?
Well, they're like, oh, duh.
That's what we were doing wrong.
So...
they're sort of setting it aside for now in fact it actually says that they are quote perhaps after a cooling period we will revisit the franchise with fresh innovation they're gonna wait for people to go remember when Guitar Hero was cool and then Activision will be right there to say hey we still own the rights to this hey there's a whole new Guitar Hero game for you to play haha
It's Retro Guitar Hero.
Meanwhile, Rock Band's like, we've been out here and we're still cool.
Hi.
We're still cool.
Hi.
We're really cool.
We've attached the clarinet attachment.
Although I do, I even feel like the Rock Band thing has really died down.
Like, it's really died down.
It's kind of sad.
We were just playing the other day.
Were you?
Yeah.
The cousins were over when we were playing.
SSJ100 Matt in our chatroom says, Notice how no one ever asked these questions when DDR died.
In Konami, that is.
Well, technically DDR is still not dead.
I mean, they are still cranking out those games.
Like, wow.
There's Xbox 360 one coming out.
The port of the PlayStation 3 one.
It's coming on the Xbox 360.
And you guys, it uses the Xbox Live Vision camera.
That's how hip.
Konami is to the modern technologies.
The little webcam.
Not the Kinect, but the little.
Not the Kinect, but the little webcam.
AOL looking thing.
And we use that, apparently.
Which I am, I hope to God for Konami's sake, the Kinect will stand in for that.
Like, you know, because the Kinect's basically a camera too, but.
Well, I think the 360 only has the one IO USB port in the back for goodies.
So you'd have to unplug your Kinect to plug in the little webcam.
That's not going to happen.
That's not going to happen.
It's next to Walt Disney's head
Alright.
Moving on.
Salacious Pop.
There was a story that we reported on a few weeks ago about ratings tampering on the indie marketplace on the XBLA.
Yes.
And some indie games that had anywhere from three to five star reviews were getting hundreds of one star reviews within a short amount of time that was throwing their
review their game listing and the rankings down in the toilet so they weren't getting as much exposure as they would otherwise if they had their four-star review.
So Microsoft decided to come up with a fix to this, and they have decided that in order to rate a indie game, you need to have a gold account, which means you are paying Microsoft money.
for the Xbox Gold Live services.
If you are a free or silver member, you cannot give a rating to an indie game.
That's good, because it was probably a bunch of sock-free accounts that were doing this anyway.
This story that I looked up also references a previous story when the manipulation was first discovered about a firm that had posted to a contractor
Job site basically saying we need someone that can write a script that will generate 5,000 free silver accounts.
They were looking for a coder that's like, can we run this overnight and just get the username spit out to us?
Doesn't necessarily say why they wanted those 5,000 accounts or if it's even related to this rating manipulation.
But just as a coincidence, there are firms out there that are like, we want...
Wow, if I was Microsoft, I would be fucking bringing the smackdown on these firms for abusing their network.
Yeah, I guess it was a graphic design firm contract script for 5,000 Xbox Live Silver accounts.
Again, don't know for sure, but the fact that the interest for that is there, Microsoft's like, if you have a free account, you don't get to rate on indie games.
Which I guess makes sense.
I mean, that sucks that you have to pay, but I mean, it will... If you're online, or if you have a gold account, they can take action against you.
They can ban your credit card.
They could ban your account.
You lose your gamer tag.
You lose your achievement points.
Why didn't they just make it so you have to actually play the game for 10 minutes to rate?
I mean, is that so hard?
I don't know.
I guess that's hard to do.
It's easy to build something to shut it off after four minutes.
Oh, demo over four minutes, clank, buy, or get out.
Can you buy indie games a la carte with a silver, or do you need gold in order to even buy stuff?
I believe you can buy them a la carte with silver.
Okay.
Yeah.
I don't see why they would shut it.
It's money.
Why would you shut off a moneymaker?
I'm pretty sure.
And Randy in our chatroom at chat.orange.radio.com agrees with me.
They should make it so that you have to actually play a game for a set amount of time to rate it.
That way people have to go out of their way to be jerks.
at the same time though what's to stop somebody from building a script that signs in 5,000 Xbox Live users into a game I mean it's possible a botting thing could do it sad but true somebody would figure it out yeah I I agree that you should be able to have to play the game before you can rate it but at the same time if I play a demo that is so bad and I want to be able to warn people that this demo was horrible
Like that Maids with Balloons?
Yeah.
I'm not going to pay the 300 space bucks.
I think people should download Maids with Balloons just to see how freaking bad it is.
You know what Maids with Balloons reminds me of?
An old CD-ROM game from when that technology first came out.
And people were like, let's put softcore porn out and try to make a game out of it.
I'm thinking of the slumber party game that that one girl was in from the Night Trap Yeah, it's like that Exactly
Alright, anyhow.
Moving on to one other story, and I've kind of brought this up before, so this is a bit of a duh, but Super Mario 3DS, of course it is going to be announced at E3.
Well, I mean, I guess it was announced, quote-unquote, at Game Developers Conference, but we're going to get the official details, I guess you could say, at E3.
Apparently, though, according to an interview with Edge, Miyamoto has leaked out a few details on this.
It's going to have a combination of Super Mario Galaxy and Super Mario 64, but it's also completely original.
so even though it's a combination of these two games it's still completely original perhaps that's because of the Tanooki or the raccoon suit which we haven't seen in any of those other games that could be part of it as well or maybe it'll just be kind of a mechanic about the story of the game or how it all kind of plays together maybe instead of I would like to see this in a Mario game maybe I'm just maybe a pipe dream but a bump but instead of all these broken up worlds what about one massive world
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Sure.
Just like any good Metroidvania type of game.
You have to get an item to get behind the door.
I would like to see that in a Mario game.
That would be pretty awesome.
Be very awesome.
We'll see what happens.
Alrighty.
Let's see.
Redertainment in our chatroom.
I want to read this comment too.
Speaking of the whole demos and downranking.
Chat.OrangeSoundsRadio.com is of course where our chatroom is.
Redertainment says, if you want to warn people that a demo sucks, I'm sure you have a Twitter account you can bitch on that reaches more people than that downloaded that indie title.
Hmm.
and Randy says that Grand Theft Mario reminds him of something that happened in Robot Chicken.
I haven't seen every episode of Robot Chicken so I guess that went over my head.
Oops.
I did see the Final Fantasy 7 fast food.
That was great.
That I did see.
Alright, let's get to the emails.
Every week you guys send us emails at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com The mailbag's been rather thin the past few weeks so I'm really happy that this week you guys have fucking blown it up.
Yay!
DarkSakura is going to work tonight.
Well, we got a request from...
Ronnie for an autograph with an address.
This is a five-year listener, so I figured I was going to find a postcard that I have, and we could just sign it and then put it in an envelope and send it.
So I have one that says Juicyful.
And it's orange.
It's orange.
It's an orange.
Either that or I was going to use a congratulations on your bar mitzvah card that I got at the dollar store for any upcoming bar mitzvah.
All right.
Because there's a lot of kids.
And I was like, no, I better save that for an actual bar mitzvah, so...
So, yeah, I set this aside, and we'll get everyone to sign it.
We gotta get Loki here, though.
I mean, Salacious Pop, I'm sure, would not, or his autograph would not go unappreciated, but I'm sure somebody wants a complete trifecta of official OLR hosts.
Yeah.
So, I just need to make sure that I mark the right one.
Yeah, don't click delete.
I'm not deleting it.
There, it's this one, so I will do unread.
There we go.
And, moving forward, um...
This is from Holly D. Hey guys, I could swear your email was the above, but I recently heard you say mailbag at originalsradio.com.
Is the Gmail one an old email or something?
I don't know.
Do we have a Gmail at all?
Do we have a Gmail?
I don't think that we do.
What's the sender's name?
Holly.
Is that the Holly that writes into Horde House?
Oh, it's probably the same Holly from Horde House.
That is a Gmail account.
Yeah, that is a Gmail account.
The email for Horde House is HordeHousePodcast at Gmail.com.
But yeah, Orange Lounge Radio is Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
I want to see if maybe somebody's swiped it.
I don't know.
Let me look.
Anywho, just wanted to confirm because I sent a couple emails and I thought it was weird that Sakura kept saying you only had one or two emails.
Maybe other people are confused like me.
Thanks.
Yeah, it's... You sent it to the right one now, so it's mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Hey, OLR crew, ACHP here.
I don't know if anyone at OLR has played the PS2 game Shin Megami Tensei Persona 4, but I wanted to share the gaming-related project that I've decided to take upon myself.
Persona 4 takes place in the year 2011, from April 11th through the rest of the year.
That being the case, I've taken it upon myself to tweet the events of Persona 4 roughly as they happen.
It's just very deep game with lots of relationships, drama, mystery, and just lots of things to do in general.
And I'll try to make it as interesting and funny to follow along with as possible.
The Twitter account is at NarukamiYu.
That's N-A-R-U-K-M-I-Y-U.
NarukamiYu being the name of... Let me start over.
NarukamiYu being the name that the people developing the new persona for anime have given the originally nameless main character.
I'm not looking to become some sort of D-list-y celebrity by doing this, but I do want people who would be appreciated in this sort of project to know about it.
If you would spread the word on your show, I would be deeply honored.
Again, the Twitter account is at NarukamiU.
Also, happy birthday, DarkSakura.
Thank you.
Your birthday is just a few days before mine, and mine is the day before Wendell's, so yours was yesterday.
Well, happy birthday.
Keep up the great work and thanks so much for helping me spread the word AZHP.
And also a very big happy birthday to Mr. Wendell.
Thank you for reminding me to say so.
Because Wendell is one of our old school buddies.
Happy birthday, all y'all.
And glad you got that plug worked out.
Well, he's old.
He emails us a lot.
I just wanted to follow up.
It does look like there is an Orange Lounge Radio email account at Gmail.
It is not us.
So again, well, I sent a password reset thing.
so if it is one of us we'll get the email but it's not in my email it's not in my orange launch radio it's not the mailbag email so somebody else could have signed up trying to impersonate us i've certainly suppose that's possible uh loki could have it too i he might have done that for the youtube channel or something that's very possible uh so one of us will have the reset email if it's ours but as far as we know right now we don't own it so
I've got about six different emails and none of them are... And we don't write from that address.
So if you do get something from OrangeLaunchRadio at gmail.com, forward it to the official email of OrangeLaunchRadio, which is mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com so we can investigate.
Yeah, and other than that, we're probably going to have to send a notice for them to strike it.
I mean, it could be Loki.
Loki could have done with the YouTube channel, so we'll have to ask him next week.
Thanks for letting us know.
Greetings, OLR.
This week was torture without your podcast.
Don't ever take another week off again.
Even if Rob and Jamie have to go somewhere, I'll suck it up and just listen to Loki eat chicken and complain about Nintendo for three hours.
Which is exactly what it would be.
Peace and chicken grease, Serious Turtle.
He's a very serious turtle.
Like seriously, you're not allowed to leave.
I just want to point out a lot of your favorite shows take all summer off.
We take one week off every three months or so.
I think it's okay if we miss four shows a year.
Yeah, we need a vacation sometimes.
That's right.
It felt really good to not have a show last week.
I love doing the show, don't get me wrong, but it was kind of nice to have Sunday night to do something else.
well now usually when I take Sunday off if it's you know not for family stuff it's for doing something else for the show I've gone to gaming conventions and stuff called in and reported on it and sometimes honestly I wish I was here instead of there but you know
because this is my house.
Okay.
Hi, OLR.
This is from Spazinator, by the way.
I'm pretty sure that the three of you have covered the story about PSN going down this week due to hackers in Part A of this week's show, so I won't bother rehashing the details.
Rather, I'd like to do a Loki-style rant about it, if I may.
While I'm not pissed at Sony, hell, from what I can tell, they did what they needed to do.
I am, however, extremely pissed off.
Okay, dude, it's not hackers, okay?
But I will read your rant anyway.
I am, however, extremely pissed off at these fucktards that hacked PSN.
Despite Sony not explicitly saying who it was that did it, I am 100,000% sure it was these anonymous dickwads that did it.
After all, as the old saying goes, if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it must be a duck.
Who the holy hell are they to do this?
What the fuck gives them the right?
Yeah, I know I, along with a small minority, have other consoles to play online with.
Yes, there are single-player games as well, but that's besides the point.
There are games such as MAG, SOCOM, Confrontation Free Realms, DCUO, etc.
that are multiplayer only, as well as a few Capcom titles, i.e.
Final Fight Double Impact and Bionic Commando Rearm 2, that require one to be logged into PSN to play.
Hence, right now, they're unplayable.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
At any rate, when Sony finds these torps, and they will, it's just a matter of time, I hope they get the legal system on their punk asses like white on motherfucking rice, and as Samuel L. Jackson so eloquently put it, gets Medieval on their asses.
May the hackers burn in a nuclear fire, then drown in an ocean of piss and acid.
Slash end rant.
It actually did exhales, but I exhaled.
This rant is brought to you by one really pissed off PSN user that wants to lay the smackdown on some punks.
By the way, your anger may be a little misdirected.
Wait until it's resolved and official word comes out.
I kind of agree with what you're saying.
Can I read this real quick from Bobby in our chat room too?
DarkSakura, yeah, I kept telling him it wasn't anonymous and he told me I was wrong.
He told me that it didn't matter what the truth was.
He was going to blame Anon.
Anon was very proud to take credit for that first Sony attack and that's the problem is that now that this is happening I mean this could be happening from somebody who's trying to get at Anonymous for all we know Anonymous flat out said we understand this tactic only hurts the people we're trying to protect we are not going to do it anymore
But because Anonymous has no leader, you know, it's not like WikiLeaks who has that, whatever his name is.
They've got a group that's... But there's no clear leader out there.
And that's what's causing them to look bad is because it could be a subset that's doing it.
Regardless, I don't think this is Anonymous.
I think they may benefit from the notoriety.
But I don't think this is anonymous.
They flat out said, no, this is counterproductive to what we're trying to do.
So don't look for a scapegoat.
Wait until they actually officially say what's going on.
Because I have a feeling that it's actually one of those situations where, like, okay, at my work, we got an email out that said this number of people are affected because a laptop was stolen.
Who hacked the site that does all the email campaigns?
and all these websites that use this email service to maintain their mailing list and so forth had to write people because I got some from a couple companies saying your personal information may have been breached, your email and so forth because we got hacked.
Oh, are you talking about the Gawker Network, Kotaku?
No, but there's that too.
That wasn't anonymous either.
That wasn't on his email.
Somebody's out there hacking for personal information because maybe somebody in chat will ring a bell.
Somebody hacked Gawker.
Somebody hacked this email network to get all the emails and so forth.
I think it's them that's getting Sony.
I think somebody went after that private information at Sony.
So yeah, and this is what I have to say too is that
When you have a situation like this where, yeah, you may have an easy person to place blame on, keep in mind that wars have been started over people putting the blame where there was on an innocent party just because of quote circumstantial evidence.
Don't be one of those people.
Don't be a dick like that.
And also with the DDoS attack, you've got hundreds of thousands of computers that have been compromised in some way that are flooding the network with garbage.
It's very hard because you've got all of these compromised computers of just regular PC owners.
It's hard to... As obnoxious as it is, it's very difficult.
It's not an actionable crime is what I'm trying to say because the computers are compromised.
If you're hacking into something and you're getting customer information, which hasn't been confirmed yet, that's like a federal... That's serious shit.
And that's not their M.O.
Yeah, that's not what they do.
That's totally not their M.O.
Keep in mind, all of the stuff that they've been doing is basically forms of vigilantism.
They have gone after people who they have perceived have committed some sort of crime that's not being punished in the proper way and they are going after these people to make their lives miserable.
Yeah, they'll waste some of your time and some of your money and then that's it.
They'll get their plan across.
But when they've gone after people's information, it's been specific people to have a specific thing happen.
I've got to read some of these comments in chat.
They're piling up here.
In the true Easter spirit, Red Entertainment says the Jews did it.
Happy Easter.
And fuck you.
Defective Candy in our chat room says, the Epsilon email hacking was supposedly accomplished by one rogue individual.
Thank you.
It's Epsilon.
Could be a former employee.
It could be.
That's true.
Let's see.
SSJ100 Matt says, whatever happened to just blaming everything on 4chan?
I thought that was anonymous.
That's the home of anonymous.
Slash B. Yeah.
So there you go.
I like what Kajudo said.
I don't think Sony was a hack at all.
Someone lost the keys to the big Sony computer room and they can't all get in.
Check the crayon boxes.
Get that leash out.
There's like a cat that unplugged the thing.
I'm in your Sony hacking your store.
But seriously, look at everything.
Don't pick one convenient scapegoat.
That's not very smart, dude.
Next email.
Yes, please.
Yay, happy sunshine.
Unicorns that shit rainbows that kill people.
Yay.
Dear peoples.
We're peoples.
Oh, it's Red Entertainment.
Well, we are multiple people.
Like you, I've been following the recent PSN outages since I started popping up on Wednesday night.
When I first discovered these outages, I was frustrated, raged out, and cursed aloud.
My neighbors thought I was killing someone.
Not kidding.
Anyway, in the process of following the story, I found the story that I'm sure you covered earlier on the show.
Let me see what this is.
Hit by external... Yeah, it's the same story we covered, basically, from another source.
Once I read the story, I became considerably less angry as I can understand that Sony taking actions like this in response to this threat to a point.
However, there is one part of the story that really concerns me.
In order to, quote, verify the smooth and secure operation, end quote, of the services, Sony pulled the plug on both services April 20th.
The sentence gives me an impression that this isn't a simple hacking job.
Given Sony's recent movements in relation to piracy, I believe that this may be the nature of Sony taking down PSN.
I believe someone figured out how to pirate games distributed digitally via PSN.
Feel free to tell me if any of these conclusions are wrong.
Also, why do I have to go through PSN or live to access Hulu Plus or Netflix?
I mean, when I want to watch Hulu on my laptop, all I have to do is fire up my browser, go through my ISP to get to what I want to watch.
I don't have to go through my laptop's manufacturer-exclusive network to access things, so I don't have to do it on home consoles because they're evil.
Stay Black, Red Entertainment.
This message has been brought to you by the successor to Anonymous, who is actually responsible for PSN being shut down and totally unknown to the public.
Sent from my iPad.
Actually, we do have a theory in the chat room on who might be to blame for all of this that's going on on the PlayStation Network.
An interesting theory.
Yep, it's all Canada's fault.
Actually, we should blame Skynet.
We did survive Judgment Day.
We did.
in response to that email about why you have to authenticate with the console before you can use Netflix and Hulu for Netflix and Hulu to allow a third party appliance to run their service there needs to be some sort of accountability so that someone doesn't get an $8 Netflix account give their username and password to their 40 friends that have a Playstation 3 and have them all running Netflix off the one account so I think by authenticating into PSN
and it's saying this PSN account with this PlayStation 3 ID is using this Netflix and there's a sync there and that's why they do it.
However, it does not stop people from sharing Netflix accounts over the internet.
Blackwolf says that Netflix will still work.
You just got to keep trying to log in three to five times.
You can get in eventually.
Oh, okay.
I haven't tried on PS3.
I've just been, you know, playing Portal offline.
Addict.
Like it's a bad thing to be addicted to Portal.
You can get down with that one.
Totally.
Okay.
Hey, OLR.
I hope the move went well for you, Rob.
While you were busy with that, I was busy playing Portal 2.
That game has some of the best writing in anything, period.
Me too.
Salacious Pop, unpack that box.
I'm going to play Portal.
Let alone video games.
It certainly puts out what's out there to shame.
For some reason, I thought of you, Rob, when I saw this article.
Okay, I have to look at this.
Uh-oh.
It's still loading.
Hold on.
There's going to be huge spoilers and you're going to freak out.
Kagura director thought of Nintendo 3DS 3D breast 30 seconds later.
Hey, man.
It's a guy who did Half Minute Hero.
I'm telling you.
Didn't I talk about that on the show in the 3DS?
They just need a game that's boobs, boobs, and more boobs.
Boobs in 3D.
Big boobs.
Little boobs.
Black boobs.
White boobs.
All boobs.
Boobs with big nips.
Boobs with small nips.
All types.
United Nations of boobs.
Coming soon on the 3DS.
I don't know if you've ever heard of this before, but for the last few years there's been a convention dedicated to the world's favorite hedgehog held in London, Summer of Sonic.
They usually have early previews of coming games and occasionally panels slash Q&As with developers as well as writers for the old UK comic.
And I hear this year for the US comics too.
This year's is on July 25th if anyone's interested.
I would love to go.
Somebody get me to Europe.
hear you later, CatastrophicMagi P.S.
I'm really excited about the announcement of the Persona 4 anime P.P.S.
Hey Jamie, have you seen the new episode of Doctor Who yet?
Every time someone does the colon P I do Yes, I saw it and it was amazing and then I was really pissed off at the end and then I saw the preview for next episode so I wasn't as pissed off Okay I actually did pause it one time and go, that is bullshit and then kept watching
As I understand, I'm not the only person that did that.
Do I do that when I watch TV?
Yell back at the TV?
I don't think I do that.
I downloaded it.
Sometimes when I watch Survivor, I go, oh no, he didn't!
That's about as bad as I get.
You talk during WoW when something bad happens.
I do talk during WoW.
I do.
Thank God Ventrilo isn't always on.
Let's just say that much.
Why do you think I don't log into Ventrilo that often?
Dan is usually sitting right where you're sitting, Alan.
Looking over at me like, you really, really get dirty mouth when you play this game.
I was like, bitches.
So yeah.
and sometimes Rob will sign into Vent and just be like, oh, hey, what's going on?
And I'll be sitting right next to him and I'm like, I'm fine.
I'm reading, I'm reading, oh, no, they didn't.
He's like, I'm on Vent, duh.
I'm like, I don't know your life.
Yeah.
All right, is that it for emails?
That is it.
We need more emails for next week.
We need to beat the emails we had this week.
I want DarkSakura's email bag to take like an hour next week.
Mailbag.
Hey, if this happens, okay, if we get, okay, if we break 10 emails next week, you have to get me tacos.
I'm gonna get you tacos.
Fine.
You want, fine.
We get more than 10 emails and not all from the same address.
Not all from the same address.
And 10 meaningful emails.
Unique, real emails that are at least a paragraph in length.
And with good grammar.
Three to four sentences with proper grammar.
Rob will buy me tacos.
Yes, I will buy you tacos.
Taco flavored pink berry.
Ew.
They're gonna be from emails like, you know, ShermieCat, or ThisIsTotallyNotDan Sorry mom, I pooped in the kitchen again!
Love your cat.
Number one Dan fan at Gmail.
You should have Dan on more often.
P.S.
Bart.
We should get like a taco tote board and like show how many emails we've got during the week and then be like, let's see if Jamie's going to get tacos.
Oh, we're at seven emails so far this week.
No taco for Jamie.
Can we install that on the website?
The taco meter.
The taco meter.
I've already declared that Taco Tuesday is an official holiday every week.
Black Wolf says, can I write a paragraph about how tasty the tacos would be?
Yes, you can.
I will accept emails about tacos.
Because tacos are amazing.
Or, you know, you can also do it about taco, which is octopus.
I love taco yaki.
Or, you could write a dissertation about the 80s song, Puttin' on the Ritz, by Taco.
No.
It has to be video game related, or actual delicious crispy taco related.
Or, tostadas, I take those too.
For fuck's sake, can we move on to another topic?
Taco!
Okay.
Alright, if you want to send us an email, of course, mailbag.orangeloungeradio.com This is the part of the show where we get angsty.
It's the FUs of the Week segment.
DarkSakura My FU goes to being really hungry right now because over the last whole week I've maybe had at most 400 calories a day because I haven't really been able to keep anything down.
By the way, that candle came from the dollar store.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I ate matzo when I woke up.
And I normally do not like matzo by itself.
I ate some.
I want food.
I want a salad.
Actually, what I want is Pink Fairy, but it probably closed.
The whole Easter thing kind of makes places close.
But a heart to you from my wonderful coffee.
Oh, you're welcome.
Which is why I have some semblance of alertness.
Folks don't know, but a lot of times before the show I do make a Starbucks run.
There's Starbucks everywhere.
Like saying there's one not far from Jamie's house is like, you know, gee, there's grass in the backyard.
But yeah, there's a Starbucks nearby.
I don't tend to get coffee a lot.
I'm actually going to if I have it at night, it's going to be decaf.
Yeah, you did request a decaf.
I'll remember that in the future.
Alright, SalaciousPop, do you have any FUs for this week?
Just not being completely 100% done with my old place.
I'm happy for my former roommate because he found someone to move in with him.
But just that, having to go back to San Francisco one last time and just unpacking in general is obnoxious.
But otherwise, that's all.
Pretty minor.
um yeah I don't have a lot to be angsty about I mean there's a lot of really good stuff going on for me right now a lot of like happy news I don't want to make you par for nothing but it's good stuff I will say F you to that freaking headache I had earlier there was almost migraine status I would say I would say like if headaches were on like the terrorism color chart I would say the headache I had was code orange it was pretty bad but it wasn't like really bad so there you go
All right, that does it for the FUs of the week for now.
Moving on.
Blackwolf is pointing out in our chat room that apparently Taco Bell has a lame flash game called Taco Fu at TacoBell.com slash Taco Fu.
That's okay.
Way to merge the worlds of tacos and video games.
Just want to give an A plus to Bobby.
Looks like a... That's why he has his own show, folks.
Burger King's reigning...
Dude, Sneak King and shit, those games were awesome.
Like, why?
Like, for five bucks, they were great.
Why didn't they ever do that again?
They should do an update, a new BurgerTime and call it TacoTime.
Weren't they supposed to do something with Kinect, I thought?
DarkSakura.com
Okay, so Ubisoft is developing a guitar game.
It seems like maybe they'd be a little... That trainer has left the station, perhaps, but they're working on a game called Rocksmith, which sounds a lot like Pro Mode in Rock Band, except with a guitar.
You can play this game with real guitars, and the...
The UI and how the notes, because you know how DJ Hero, Guitar Hero, Rock Band has the note highway that scrolls vertically.
This one uses more of a 3D plane where you're in front and you see the notes coming from the back of the screen moving towards you.
So it looks really complicated.
I'm not sure how much of a market there might be for this.
But anyway, they are demoing the game at South by Southwest in Texas, which is a
it's a music and movies it's kind of like a hipstery I know I was like if you want to find a place where all the hipsters are at at one time like that's not Tumblr yeah but it's not like a Lollapalooza there are a lot of great bands there but it's also movies and art and it's a whole pop culture thing so yeah Rocksmith is going to be at South by Southwest they're going to have musicians play it and just show it off I think they've got a whole Rocksmith tour bus that sets up bass and it's going to be at South by Southwest fun
Yeah, I like the way they've done that where they have like the guitar silhouette in front of the falling stream of notes.
It's kind of a neat little way to do it.
Hmm.
All right, we'll see if this game can actually be successful, kind of break the recent curse of music games.
We'll see.
One more story for you guys.
Everybody get out your 40s and get ready to pour it.
The PSP Go is officially dead.
That's right, folks.
Pour out the 40s.
Devastated.
How did this happen?
I know.
This is... I don't understand.
apparently the whole thing is started by a Sony shop employee saying that the store was not going to get any more shipments and then the PSP Go disappeared from the Sony store page Sony is not confirming the news but in their statement they're kind of trying to say well why are you asking about the Go shouldn't we be talking about the NGP the awesome new system coming out from Sony
Yeah, so although Sony hasn't confirmed it, they haven't really denied it either.
In the UK as well, the PSP Go production has ceased.
That has been proven.
So the PSP Go, it's dead.
So it's basically become the sort of
The cousin that is touched in the head that now lives in the attic that the family doesn't talk about.
Those thuds that you hear, we don't know.
No, he died when he was born.
We don't know who that is.
Some of the comments from our chat room.
Of course, the raging comedy club that is the Orange Lounge Radio chat room.
Frisbee calls it the PSP Go Away.
Let's see.
Redertainment says, wait, the PSP Go wasn't already dead?
Alpha Cananigram says, wait, wasn't this debunked saying only Europe isn't going to carry it and US is still going to have them?
All right, shall we open up the Skype line?
Yes, do it!
Game OLR
Nothing much, just like chilling in my room, fixing other people's PCs, resting up for tomorrow's work day.
What's tomorrow?
Oh, work?
Back to the grind?
Yeah, back to the grind.
Evil grind.
Evil post-Easter grind.
You want to talk about something from our show or some other story we didn't cover?
I've noticed that the folks at Gearbox have been really good sports recently with that proposal that they did, you know, that Borderlands proposal that they did for this fan out in Texas.
I have the video where I think Claptrap actually, the voice of Claptrap, actually they put up a video using that as a way to propose to a girl.
Yep.
Just pull it up right now.
Yeah, we did cover it at the top of the segment, just so you know if you missed it.
We did talk about it.
What did you think about it?
Gearbox Gearbox is also like
Exactly.
That is how history will smile upon them fondly, unless the game is the most atrocious piece of shit we've ever played, but I'm hoping it's not that bad.
Now, even though you do mention shit in that sentence, you do know you could actually use excrement as a weapon in that game.
Hooray, I'm so excited.
Yes, you could actually shit bomb people in that game.
I've always wanted to fling my poo in a video game where I wasn't playing as a monkey.
I'm touched.
Just a while ago, I actually seen the video.
And yeah, I know it's shocking.
I mean, right now, I'm just trying to gather up the... Just trying to see what I can get right now in terms of games.
Like...
Mortal Kombat vs. Capcom 3
It's either that or, I mean, it's that and Eleanor and Brink.
So it's like, it's going to be, we're about, we're approaching some busy times.
I think the busy time was this past week.
I mean, something that didn't even freaking occur to me is that this week and the next week, depending on where you live, is spring break.
Usually it's either the week before or the week after Easter is spring break.
Ours just ended.
So these games coming out.
What, in Japan or getting hammered by Anonymous?
I'm pretty sure they cracked open one of their holes.
I think this is somebody who's done something a lot more serious than the DDoS.
I think personal information has been compromised.
I think there's going to be more to develop on this.
Again, I could be talking out of my butt.
That's fine.
I'm some schmo with a podcast on the internet.
But when Sony isn't being up front, I'm left to speculate.
Sony is basically acting like any other Japanese person would by not revealing any damning information at the moment.
They're trying to make it seem not as bad as it is, but it's a lot worse.
I mean, as I said, you could draw parallels to the way Japan handled the whole nuclear reactor crisis and the way they were with that power company.
Aren't we getting a little... Okay, isn't this a little tinfoil hat?
No, it's like, it's any government.
The Japanese are very, you know, they're open about it, though.
They're basically, they openly lie to people so that way they can look good, or they can not stir any panic.
Because, would you rather hear from Sony that personal information has been compromised now, and then you're going to have people bitching in the forums and everywhere else, and Congress getting involved?
or would you rather have that later on when it's less of a problem and they're actually back online?
I would rather have it now because it's my fucking information.
Well, that's up to Sony to decide.
They personally have it in their possession.
You gave it to them as a contract to join PSN.
So it's not like you can get it back somehow.
But you have to realize that I'm pretty certain it's a lot worse than what they're actually going to say.
They don't want to create panic or else that's going to hurt their stock, that's going to hurt their reputation.
Right, and that's all part of the panic.
If they say that now unless they find a way to do damage control then it's going to sink their stock pretty fast unless they find a way to say it in a way where it's not that big of a threat.
Even though it actually is.
But that's the whole point is that they have to, from a PR perspective, they have to release it in a way that it doesn't impact their reputation and whatever else they have on the line.
Alright, well we will see.
Next week, I think we can both agree that next week is going to be a very interesting week and hopefully we're not sitting here a week from now saying, oh, we're on day 12 of the PSN outage.
Alright, Zacco, I gotta let you go to get more calls.
I can't wait to see what emails we get in response to your call tonight, but have a good one, buddy.
Alright, have a good one.
Later.
Alright.
The views and opinions expressed by the callers not necessarily reflect those.
Alright.
1-877-GAME-OLR or I use your name on Skype as Orange Lounge Radio.
Salacious Pop doing his due diligence during that call finding some last minute stories.
Gold star for you.
South Korea yesterday voted on a curfew that would prevent children under the age of 15 to play online games from midnight until 6am.
So no more all-nighters for the StarCraft 2.
It's all PC gaming it sounds like.
Instead you need to be studying.
Yep.
And I guess it's being blocked on the ISP level, the DNS, to the gaming servers.
If the parents register that they have a kid, they get cut off.
Kind of scary what the government can do at that level.
It's very interesting.
All right.
We got a phone call.
Hold on.
We'll revisit this thought in a minute.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, guys.
This is Blue Swim.
Hi, Blue Swim.
Oh, I love the enthusiasm.
How are you, my friend?
I'm doing just fine.
How about you guys?
Good.
I wish we had more callers calling in.
Hey, guys.
First time caller as well.
What's on your mind, Blue Swim?
I was wondering what you guys thought of BlazBlue, Continuum Shift 2, and Dead or Alive Dimensions going practically head-to-head at the end of May.
Um, well, you know, it's not the first time that fighters have really gone against each other, I don't think.
Didn't Street Fighter 4 come out at the same time as... Oh, God, there was something else that came out, I thought, right around the same time.
Maybe somebody in Chow will get me.
Yeah, but we ignored it because it was Street Fighter 4 coming out.
For real.
Um...
I think these two series are kind of separate enough where they can coexist peacefully because let's face it, BlazBlue, BlazBlue, whatever you want to call it, very heavily Japanese influenced, very anime, very, you know, all that stuff.
Dead or Alive, as much as it's very Japanese as well, don't get me wrong, it's very much more for the T&A audience.
Tickle, tickle.
There you go.
It's more of the Texas game because everything's bigger in Texas.
Yeah.
and so that's kind of why I'm like I think these two games can coexist they have very different audiences
Do you think that with the 3DS having three major fighters in the first two months of its life, it's going to turn it into a portable fighting game, like the portable fighting game platform?
Yes and no.
I mean, when those three games are probably the only three games worth owning on the 3DS right now, yes a little bit.
No, I shouldn't say that.
I also bought Pilotwings.
I haven't played it yet.
uh it's just it's a little frustrating there wasn't a bigger title um but you know looking at what Street Fighter 4 does I mean it really brings pretty much the whole experience of the Xbox version to the portable console and what's interesting about that is that a lot of times you used to hear this shit right like when Mortal Kombat came out on the Game Boy it was like
experience the arcade experience on the go and it's like, dude, this game fucking blows.
Like, I've got two buttons and it's all like boop, boop, boop, boop.
It's got like three frames a second.
This game sucks.
But Street Fighter 4, it
Pretty much plays really like the Xbox versions.
I'll tell you my biggest bitch about the game is the controls.
Like, I think it's because I'm not a kid and I have fat hands, but the 3DS thing does not feel very good in my fat hands for trying to play a fighter with the L and R buttons and everything.
The analog thumb thing, in my opinion, is too slippery and the D-pad is too small for my giant spindly man hands.
And I don't like where the D-pad is positioned as far as like a fighting game goes.
It's a little weird.
Yeah, it cramps the crap out of my hands when I'm playing Bison, trying to do a knee-press nightmare or something like that.
It kills my fingers.
Yet, I decided to go online and do the whole internet match earlier, and I got my ass handed to me by some asshole playing as Cody.
Seems like every asshole on Street Fighter 4 plays Cody, and I call them assholes because they're better than me.
What fighting game are you looking forward to out of those two?
I pretty much bought the 3DS at launch, expecting Dead or Alive to be there.
I've been a hardcore Dead or Alive fan since 2002, I want to say.
It's prevented me from trading in my original Xbox when I discovered the Dead or Alive 3 demo on the demo disc.
Mm-hmm.
and ever since then I've been absolutely hooked on the franchise.
I've put maybe 300 hours into Dead or Alive Ultimate and another 100 plus in Dead or Alive 4.
I find it very interesting how they've talked about this whole it's going to run 30 frames a second in 3D but it'll run 60 frames a second in 2D.
That's a distinction I don't notice as much in like Super Street Fighter 4.
It kind of looks the same no matter what mode you're in.
Did you turn the 3D off in the options menu?
Because if you turn the slider off, it'll still render the game in 30 frames per second.
But when you turn the 3D option off in the options menu and you're playing like offline, it is absolutely gorgeous.
I haven't.
I need to try that.
What a good tip.
I'm glad we do this show.
See, even I learn shit on this show.
No, I haven't.
I'm going to try that.
Nice.
Maybe that's what I'm missing.
That's going to run very fluid when I try that.
That's cool.
The 60 frames doesn't carry over to the online portion, unfortunately, but if you're playing the arcade mode or versus mode or whatever, it's just gorgeous.
Real quick, before we let you go, because we've got to fit in at least one more call tonight, have you had any luck with the Street Pass in Super Street Fighter 4?
Not a bit, and I've been carrying that thing with me almost constantly.
I live near Nashville, and there's a ton of stores around here, Best Buy and GameStop and stuff like that.
I have not had one street pass fight with it.
Interesting.
I'm hearing those things aren't activating very much, and it could be a variety of things.
It could be that the battery life is so eh.
on those things that it's not pulsing the StreetPass very often.
That's kind of one thing I'm hearing.
And then the other is just, you know, how many people carry their DS in sleep mode with them everywhere they go?
Very few.
So I don't know.
I'm going to try this week.
I'm going to try going to the mall this week and see if I get anybody on StreetPass.
At least walk into GameStop.
You know some of those employees have got to have it going.
We'll see.
I think that's where I got one of my StreetPass me's was GameStop and the other was like a demo unit of Best Buy.
I never thought of trying a demo unit at Best Buy.
That's a great idea.
We'll see.
Alright, Blue Swim, I've got to let you go so we can get more calls, but thanks for the call.
Thank you very much.
Have a good night.
You too.
Happy birthday, Jamie.
Thank you.
See, I like enthusiastic callers.
I'm just really happy to be here.
Exciting.
Alright.
I want more happy people.
Everyone, Blue Swim should be your role model.
All right.
Other stories that you've got, Salacious Popper.
I don't know if you want to finish your thoughts on that last one.
Well, I was just saying that for the South Korea gaming curfew, that's a part of the world, not necessarily just South Korea, where people will just stop peeing when they play StarCraft II and then they die.
Their bladder explodes and they die.
So obviously I think there's a demand for that kind of regulation.
I forgot to mention, I played some more StarCraft 2 this week.
StarJeweled is my new favorite add-on ever for StarCraft.
It's great.
You play Bejeweled, and then you use the points you get in Bejeweled to, like, buy units.
And it's like a tug-of-war match.
Fun.
It's awesome.
Like, Jamie, you might actually like StarCraft 2 if I were to buy that.
I don't know.
Hi, I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
You gotta fix that.
I don't know why, but I'm hearing myself come through.
You gotta fix your settings.
But thank you for the bags.
Alright, we'll see.
Maybe he'll fix that and try calling back.
Which nobody else but the people in this room and he will get.
1-877-GAME-OLR Username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Echo123 is always a good way to text us.
That's somebody who calls us pretty regularly though, so I don't know what's going on.
Quick last minute story, Minecraft has two million paid.
Fuck, that's a game I still haven't played.
Can you believe it?
Two million people have paid for the beta access, which is roughly 28, 29% of its entire user base.
So a little under a third of their player base has paid for the game for a little indie sandbox kind of Aspie thing.
That's pretty impressive.
you know some are saying it's too early to call Portal 2 the game of the year when you have something like Minecraft out there it has that same 3D with the weird spritey problem I can't play it for very long I need to check it out we need to play Minecraft we need to have a Minecraft night try to figure out why people lose their shit over this game
I think it's 15 euros, which translates to like 20 bucks or 22 bucks US because the euros are worth more than the dollar.
Yeah.
I remember being like 19.
They have a demo though, right?
Can't you play it for, isn't there like demo levels?
I've got it.
Do you?
The demo somewhere.
Yeah.
Hold on.
I want it.
1-877-GAME-OLR I'm going to try keeping it open one more second, especially if that last guy can get their thing fixed.
I'm so bad.
I always forget.
I still have Ragnarok online.
Let's see.
An obvious spam person out of Bulgaria wants to be our friend.
Block.
That's no fun.
Alright, we're going to try this one more time.
Give this guy one more chance here.
Let's go back to the phones.
No, it's still echoing.
Hello?
Hello?
Now I'm not hearing you.
Yay, you fixed it.
Yeah, I wasn't doing it before.
You hung up, and I was like, okay, that's kind of weird.
And I tried Echo, and Echo came out fine.
That's weird.
All right, well, it works now.
What's on your mind, buddy?
By the way, this is X-Link.
Hi, X-Link.
Sorry.
No, it's quite all right.
I recognize your voice at this point.
What's on your mind, buddy?
You know, actually, it was kind of funny.
Another caller kind of talked about this earlier, but the whole Val thing in Portal 2, I was watching the whole thing as it unfolded right before Portal 2 came out, the ARG.
and it's kind of cool reading the stories of how Valve gave pretty much open access to these indie companies.
Basically telling, hey, you wanna be part of this?
Come on in, we'll give you full access, we'll help you any way possible, we'll give you all these materials, we'll do anything we can to make this work.
And it was really cool reading some of the company stories of how everything progressed from day one to the night of,
The release of when everything got completed Is that the whole thing I heard at the tail end of Bobby's show Where there's like an iPad app that Jeff Keighley was involved with Where they've like chronicled the entire last development cycle of Portal Is that what you're talking about?
Most likely yes And I don't know exactly what the app has in it Because I don't have it right now And I don't have the money for it So I can't really tell
The impression that I'm getting from our pal Bobby, who talked about it a little bit more on his show tonight, is that it's basically like, imagine an interactive news article, or I should say magazine feature, because it's more like a 10,000 word article or something like that, that has videos, pictures, behind the scenes stuff.
Probably.
Yeah, it kind of sounds like honestly what more magazines ought to be doing on the iPad.
Yeah.
And how all these people, these groups of people don't know each other and are willing going, hey, I have a free copy of AudioSurf I'm willing to give to you so that way you get your potatoes so that way we can make the multiplier faster so we can
It was very cool seeing everybody come together, the squad going, okay, which game should we play?
We should play this one so this way the timer can go down more and more and more.
And it was just very neat watching the whole thing as it unfolded.
It was very cool.
that is yeah I'm I did I did play I did my part I played audio surf it was fun even though I had no intention of buying it on PC because I knew I'd already had the PS3 one ordered but it was still it was you know it's fun I like those things kind of get the community riled up like that and Valve is a heck of a company that's that's really what it boils down to I mean they does has Valve ever put out a bad game
No, not that I know of.
Valve is in a very elite group of developers that just does not put out bad games.
And I would say Blizzard's probably in there too.
Blizzard I don't think has ever put out a bad game until Cataclysm.
No, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
And then, let's see, what else?
There's got to be at least one other.
I'm sure there's many folks.
BioWare has a pedigree, but that's... Then you're getting to the more...
See, part of me would say, well, Bethesda, because they put out such awesome stuff.
But then I'm like, oh, but they did that Star Trek game that was really not good.
So, you know, a lot of developers do have little blemishes on their record or bizarre creations before they close.
But they made that Bond game that wasn't so hot.
So unfortunately, they had a blemish, too.
You know, so but there's very rare companies in the mid-market, depending on what the people want at the time.
So, I mean.
and it depends on who does it too.
A lot of it depends on how much work they put into it.
If they're gonna put it in work for six months, they throw it out there in the market and expect it to sell and it turns out to be a complete piece of shit.
You can't really get too much from it.
It's obvious they took a lot of time and effort behind what they want and it really paid off.
It paid off in big time.
Like I said before, people were very happy with this whole thing and the way it unfolded at the end.
And then, of course, with Portal 2 being the way it is.
Kaijudo in our chatroom says, Valve put out that shitty poker game.
I believe that was Telltale, wasn't it?
That was Telltale, and it's not really that bad.
It's really fun.
It's a budget title.
The budget title is really short, and I kind of wish they would add...
And telltales about in that pedigree too I mean it kind of depends how into the games they're putting out you are But they put out a lot of quality stuff too
Yeah.
So anyway, sorry, I don't want to turn this into a developer penis size contest, but you know, I thought it would be fun.
And the gearbox and the gearbox is very interesting to that whole story about the proposal to you should watch both the videos first the video of the proposal and then how they all came about because
and so on.
Oh, wow, I didn't even know that.
Something Force with the Marine, Adrian Shepard.
But the Half-Life expansions that came out in 98, 99, that was Gearbox.
Well, there you go.
All right, well, X-Link, I got to let you go so we can wrap up the show, but any other quick final thoughts?
No, that's about it.
Sorry about the call earlier.
Sorry about all that.
I usually don't have any of those problems.
I usually call Echo 1, 2, 3 beforehand.
Minus 50 DKP.
Yeah, no joke.
Later.
Later.
Alright, that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
If you didn't get through, help Jamie get tacos by sending an email instead.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com How did I fucking agree to buy her fucking tacos?
I am awesome.
Alright.
And Skype crashed right as I closed it.
Great.
Heart.
I know.
All right.
Well, that's a sign that we need to wrap up the show and get on out of here.
So we can't wrap up the show, though, until we go around and get some final thoughts.
Oh, actually, I should ask if you have any other quick last minute stories you want to get out.
No.
No, you're good.
All right.
Well, then I will say thank you very much for being here.
Salacious Pop tonight.
Really appreciate it, especially on short notice and filling in for Loki.
You did a great job with the stories and everything.
It's been a very fun show.
Not everybody can just waltz right in here and read the stories.
So really appreciate it.
Hope you had fun.
Thank you.
As always.
Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners?
Remember to go outside and don't play too much Portal 2 and Mortal Kombat back to back.
That's right.
My final thought is now I want tacos.
I hate you.
You don't.
You're right, I don't.
But right now I do.
DarkSakura, your final thought tonight.
I'm hungry.
I want a taco.
I guess that seems to be the theme tonight.
Tune in next week when you'll find out where did we get tacos on the very informative episode 411 of Orange Launch Radio next week.
See what I did there?
See what I did there?
All right.
By the way, if you like the show... If that's gonna go, then I hate to see episode 420.
Which was supposed to land on our nine-year anniversary, but apparently they're off by like a week, so we'll see.
All right, anyhow.
DarkSakura.com
All we ask you guys, if you like what you hear on the show, leave us a nice review on iTunes.
Tell a friend about the show.
Help us spread the word because we don't have a giant magazine company behind us.
We're not getting paid $70,000 a year to do journalism or whatever.
Just spread the word.
That's all we ask.
Tell a friend about what we're doing here, and that's the juice that keeps our show powered.
That and peeps.
Just kidding.
Alright, that does it.
Have a good night everybody.
We'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Goodnight.
Now with outro, goodnight.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
