Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? Dark Sakura, Sky, and Lotu!
Tonight, April 10th, 2011, has the 3DS sold up to expectations in Japan,
a new Sonic game is revealed, and after many years, a fan Streets of Rage remake is released.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio,
the show where every gamer has a voice. We do tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio,
www.allgames.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host,
the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers!
Rob has renewed my faith in computing.
How's that?
By giving me a task of revival.
You're gonna CPR on one of my dead computers, yeah.
Because I've needed, I've been going through this dilemma where I can't get Maya working on my computer,
and I'm gonna put Windows 7 and Dual Boot Linux on it, but in the meantime it's like, I still really want a Mac.
And I have a Mac, it's old, and as far as I know it doesn't work, and I replaced the laptop a long time ago,
I just ended up getting a PC laptop because it was really cheap and I didn't have a lot of money at the time.
So yeah, the PC one's been serving me fine, so if you can revive that Mac one, shit, have fun with it.
The other thought is I'm gonna put Linux on it.
Of course. When in doubt, just install Linux on it.
Hey, also with us tonight, say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki, who's joining us.
Hello.
And at least he has chicken.
Yes.
How you doing, Loki, how are things for you?
Doing fine.
Yeah?
My hands are sticky so I'm trying to figure out how to hold the microphone without, you know.
Alright, I'll leave you alone so you can finish chicken.
It's just a radio program we do pretty consistently every week here at six o'clock.
You know what? Here's your trivia for the night.
What's that?
Sticky Fingers, the Rolling Stones album, had a zipper on the thing and also had a guy with a boner on it.
What?
Seriously, the album, it has like a shot of a guy's crotch and it had a zipper on it where you can unzip the jeans.
But the guy had a big boner when they took the picture, so.
How nice that is.
And it was Sticky Fingers.
Right.
So, there's your trivia.
We're going to get into our gaming weeks, but nobody else in the studio tonight, just the three of us here.
You guys, though, are joining us, always the fourth guest with us, our chat room.
Chat.orangelaunchradio.com if you want to chat with us live as you tape live on this Sunday night.
Just kind of like a live note or whatever.
We're really delayed or what have you on the feed.
I don't know what's up. It's like two to three minutes behind.
So, when we say something and when you guys see it.
So, you'll have to forgive us a little bit if we're going back to sort.
Because we want to make sure the chat has a chance to get feedback on stories.
We may have to go back a little bit to do that.
I don't know why things are so, well, I do know why things are so delayed, but it's nothing we can really fix, sadly.
So, we're just going to have to deal with it. Yay!
Anyhow, let's get into our gaming weeks, the types of video games you've been playing this week.
Always a nice conversation starter.
Doc Soccer, how was your gaming week?
For the record, I just posted a picture of the album cover with the boner.
So.
Thank you.
I played a little Dragon Age 2.
I am finally into the second act and totally enjoying the game.
I've given up on my lesbian love because Fenris showed up.
I see.
Broody elf dude.
And he's almost like a chick, so that's cool.
He's a very girly man.
He whines a lot, so.
But at least, like, the dwarf makes fun of him for it.
And so they just bite back and forth.
They're so much fun.
Although, although, although I'm still building a little bit of relationship with Meryl, so maybe I'll have them both.
And then I could totally sleep with Isabella anytime I want to because she's a slut.
Um.
Then, um.
I, uh.
We're actually going to be getting back into playing Final Fantasy, Dan and I are, but we did not start yet because he just got back on Wednesday.
And, um.
Playing, um.
World of Warcraft, of course.
And I am almost at exalted with the stupid drunken dwarves and I don't have to do the stupid motion sickness inducing drunken quest again.
Hopefully soon.
You know which one I'm talking about, don't you?
Where you have to, like, drink ten things of ale and then you get all the fuzzy effects and everything.
And I'm like, motion sick, it makes me want to puke every time I do it.
Yeah, it's, it's pretty, you gotta be careful with that because it even messes me up.
I still refuse to do the beer run, for the record, because it's fucking annoying.
But I finally got exalted with kitty people and have badass shoes.
And a camel.
Oh my god shoes.
Oh my god shoes.
And then I got Rebecca Black to twenty.
Yes, you actually have a character named Rebecca Black.
Did you roll her on a Friday?
Yes I did.
Yes I did.
Fun, fun, fun, fun.
She's actually, it turns out, because I made her a human paladin as a joke.
And it turns out I really like a human paladin.
So I've kept the character.
So, who knew?
And then I always get, you know, people lull when I go into town, so it's funny.
Done.
Alright, Loki, if you're done with your chicken, tell us about your gaming week.
Um, I'm gonna play a whole lot.
Mainly just Grand Theft Auto, as usual.
Um, other than Grand Theft Auto, I played a little bit of Game Dev Story.
Just very briefly.
Little bit of Rerave.
Um, download the new song packs just for the hell of it.
And that was kind of fun.
And then, um, actually some excitebots last night, until the Wii broke.
But it was fun, unless...
It'll be fixed soon.
Yeah, you were telling me when you came in here, like, well I broke my Wii last night, and I said, well the good news is it's just a Wii.
Yeah, it's true, and we haven't played that in a long time.
It's kind of sad though, because I was looking forward to, like, playing some more stuff on there.
But, um, it'll be fixed soon. It's not a big deal.
It's just inconvenient right now.
That I have to lose my progress.
This is only a flesh wound.
Well, we've been so much out of excitebots for the longest time.
I mean, it's kind of a learning curve to get back in and remember, like, how to be so kickass at it.
But, it's still fun.
So there's a question for Dark Soccer in our chat room from, and I know this person has this name just to get me to read it.
But it's from iFarTed.
It says, StarSakura question in our chat room.
At chat.orangestonesmedia.com, would you recommend Dragon Age Origins and Dragon Age 2 to someone that's moderately into MMOs?
Well, my answer was, I like DA too. I haven't played DAO, honestly.
Um, I, it doesn't really have a feel of an MMO. It just has a feel of a fun kind of adventure game.
So, I've recommended anybody. It's pretty fun.
I mean, if the type of running around and picking up clues and doing quests in different parts of towns is not your cup of tea, then go get your coffee elsewhere.
And MMOs are so diverse too. Like, it's really hard to say, you know, people that are into WoW may not necessarily be into, I don't know, DC Universe online.
You know, and the people into that might not be into the same, you know, MMOs are a pretty vast market now.
Well, every time I start to get just a little bit bored with Dragon Age 2, one of the characters will say something so hilarious that I keep laughing.
And then I found, um, the, uh, uh, experience cheat. Well, it's more like a glitch in the game where you can get an experience in gold.
Which really helped. So now I really like the game.
There you go.
Well, I didn't find it. Tiara told me about it, but then I did it by accident.
Because I wasn't really gonna do it, except I managed to get in the right spot, so I was like, maybe I will!
Pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop A button.
Um, we also have a blast from the past in our chat room tonight. Check this out, DDR Angel's in chat.
I don't think I've seen her in chat since like episode 130? Maybe? No, it's probably later than that, but still.
Uh, so DDR Angel's in chat saying, you can turn the drunk effect off. I actually never knew that. I don't doubt that that's not true.
You can set down your graphic settings to do it.
You, yeah.
I think.
There's probably a way you can just go in and turn it off.
I'm lazy, and honestly...
I never knew either. I just always thought the way to not get the effects to do that, don't drink.
It's just like real life.
Well, yeah, but you have to drink till you finish the class. You have to drink ten things of ale.
Oh, yeah. I forgot about that.
But you know what? I'll tell you how long it takes me to do the Warhammer crap now.
Wildhammer. No, I was talking about Warhammer because my friend Gary and I were talking and we were talking about how annoying Warhammer is.
I hate Warhammer. Anyway.
Um, Wildhammer. I can do it in like ten minutes now. It's like super fast and easy.
Oh, all the dailies?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like a beer run. Because I hate that one. So I just refuse to do it.
I hate the Wildhammer quest. But that's a talk for another show.
Yes.
All right. Sorry, Loki. I don't think you were quite done with your gaming week because I see you've opened up this little...
You've opened up your package that you brought with you.
Of course. No, this week as kind of a random thing, we had guests. Celebrity guests at my work.
So out of, I don't know, just trying to be funny, I guess, I had them sign my 360.
So I have my JTAG 360, by the way.
I have it signed by Orlando Bloom, Mark Ruffalo, and Christopher...
What was it? I'm trying to remember his last name now.
That was the lowest build of the three.
Yeah.
But yeah, it's pretty awesome.
Oh, Christopher Thornton.
It's going up on the OLR thing now.
Yeah, somebody posted the video. We had a little video stumble on our site.
I think somebody found the, one of our authors found the video that you posted on YouTube where you're like, hi.
Well, we have guests here today and I didn't have anything for them to sign. So I brought my Xbox 360.
I could have used it.
See if they actually sign it.
But why do that? That's not as cool.
And by the way...
My favorite is what the guy says. Hold on. I'm just walking up.
I feel embarrassed.
It's a hard drive.
Oh, an Xbox 360.
I don't have anything to sign other than this, so...
That's cool.
Let's do it, dude.
I've never signed an Xbox.
Awesome.
That's Orlando Bloom, by the way, that doesn't know what the thing is.
I've never signed an Xbox.
Yeah.
Who to?
Uh, Matt.
Matt?
Yeah.
Matt, play hard.
That's what he signed it as. Matt, play hard.
Yeah, that's good.
That's awesome.
Thank you, Matt.
It's poorly filmed because I had to hold the Xbox in.
Wait, wait. My favorite is the part coming out.
Nice.
Is that the one with the blue light?
Is that the one with the blue light?
No, just DVDs.
I don't know.
HD DVDs?
Do you think that'll play out?
I don't know what it was.
Aww, actors are real people, too. They don't know what they're...
It's cool. He's busy. I mean, he doesn't have time to play games.
Well, if you like, I have spray fixative.
So it won't come off.
I don't think it's gonna come off anyways.
Well, I've had stuff come off of plastic before, so...
Wait, but this way.
Well, don't wash it. You'll be fine.
I'm not gonna wash it.
No, I have a ton of signed posters and stuff by different celebrities coming in.
Not big celebrities. A couple.
We've had, like, um...
I'm trying to think of some of the people we had.
Uh...
Yeah, none of them are really big celebrities.
But my posters are sitting under a sack of magazines at my desk.
And this goes with me to and from work all the time.
All the more reason to have some fixative.
That is a higher honor for them, yeah.
All the more reason to have some fixative.
Um, I'm moving this week. It's something big I'm doing right now, obviously.
And I found some of my autographed pictures.
And one of the autographed pictures I found the other day was the autographed picture of Scott Wolf.
From Party of Five that you got me.
That's right. I remember that now.
Ah, Scott Wolf. He is a tiny...
Now he's on V.
He is so tiny.
No, but, um...
But so dreamy.
No, they were actually really cool.
Because, you know, most of the celebrity guests we have, you know, don't really...
They kind of just make their appearance and go.
They're just, like, all chilling in the audience with different people.
Um, and just, you know, chatting up people and talking about movies and that kind of stuff.
So, it was really cool.
It was for a movie called, uh, Sympathy for Delicious, I think is what it was.
Or something like that.
Sounds yummy.
It... It's... It's kind of cool.
Um...
So...
Yeah, it was... I don't know. It was just kind of funny.
So this must be worth three million dollars if the Sarah Palin one's worth one million dollars.
There was a Sarah Palin Xbox worth a million dollars?
Well, it's not worth a million dollars.
It's put up on eBay for a million dollars.
I see.
No one's gonna buy it.
But you're not gonna put this on eBay.
I'm not gonna put it on eBay.
You're gonna treasure this forever.
Yes.
What did the wife say?
She thought it was funny.
She's like, nerd!
Nerd!
Alright, anything else for your gaming week?
That's it.
Besides random celebrities signing your Xbox?
Actually, you know what my coolest autographs are?
Huh?
I have three autographed Wil Wheaton books.
Mm-hmm.
And I have, um, an autographed Jonathan Coulton CD.
And then I have my Facebook-style photo with him.
Mm-hmm.
That he thought was hilarious.
I think my most treasured autograph is my Paula Abdul autograph.
From the Under My Spell Tour.
Oh, wow.
This is way before she was crazy on pills on American Idol.
Actually, I take that back.
My greatest, like, legitimate autograph is, um, Yoko Kanno.
Oh.
Who did Macross Plus and, uh, Escaflowne and all that.
Mm-hmm.
Um, we've got her, uh, signing one of our Macross Plus CDs.
Well, I'm gonna keep having people sign it.
To dance on.
Are you gonna get more celebrities to sign it?
Well, I was intending, I was hoping that they'd sign smaller, but they took up the whole
side of three people.
I was gonna say, you should've told Orlando Bloom to write a little fuckin' smaller.
Like, he took up half the...
That's like that dick that signed the entire page in my yearbook.
True story.
This one little jackass.
Kids are such assholes.
Especially the ones in high school.
This high school jackass signed in my yearbook.
It took up the entire page.
To Rob.
If you wanna get laid, climb up a chicken's ass and wait.
Love, asshole.
But his real name.
And it took up the entire page.
What an ass.
You should scan that in and post it on his Facebook.
I don't like I talk to the guy.
Fuck him.
Deceasing.
Anyway.
Anyways.
It's cool.
I dig it.
So.
Alright.
I have to give a public thank you, by the way, to the lovely Marissa for the gift she
sent me of amber oil perfume from Solstice Scents.
Very nice of her.
It smells pretty.
It smells like amber.
Alright.
My gaming week.
I gotta be honest.
I've been moving, so I haven't had a lot in my gaming week, and I hate coming on here
on the show and saying, yeah, I have a video game podcast, so I haven't really been playing
any video games.
But I think I have a pretty legitimate excuse.
I watched Alan play the Mortal Kombat demo, and, you know, nothing new there, although,
you know, I keep laughing at the horrible, horrible Molina fatality, because it's funny.
And then he was playing some other game, too, and you know this game, Dark Soccer, the minute
I say it, it's the Strider dude did this on PlayStation 3.
Moon Diver.
Moon Diver.
I've got it.
I watched him play that.
Super cool.
And I was, it's so funny, because he fired it up.
I didn't know what it was.
He's like, oh, it's Moon Diver.
And I'm like, this fucking looks like Strider.
And then I thought, I'm like, oh, this must be the game that Jamie was telling me about
that it's by the guy who did Strider.
Yeah, it's on PlayStation Network for like 15 bucks.
Yeah.
It's kind of one of those things, I bet a lot of people don't know it's out there, but
if you like Strider, to be fair, I didn't play it.
I just watched Alan play it, because literally, that was about all the gaming I did this week.
But I was like, wow, this looks just like Strider.
I should check this out.
But it's four players simultaneous.
Yes.
So I would love to do a full four player game on that.
I bet it's a lot of fun.
Lots of little sword.
But the thing I don't get is like in every one of his games in Japanese versions, you
get ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha every time the guy slashes his sword.
So I'm like, they took that out for the American Strider.
Oh, that's good.
Because he'd just go ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha the whole time.
But anyway.
Alright, going to our chat room with some comments on our gaming weeks.
Chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Bobby Blackwolf wants to know, how many autographs has OLR signed for others?
That's a good question.
One or two.
We had one of the in the groove discs that we gave away that remember we fucked up the
cover of it.
The turbo graphics, I think there was something we signed, right?
Yeah.
Oh, we sent the turbo graphics to the winner and we all signed it in silver paint pen.
And there was, I think we sent like a thank you note or something to somebody who did
something for us and we included the ferret.
I remember that.
I got, I got pulled aside at Fonomy.
Remember the last time I went?
To sign somebody's like costume prop.
Like, okay.
I might have signed one thing at PAX East.
You didn't give away the orange bat or something like that.
No.
We had, we did a new orange bat and gave that away.
Yes.
Because the original orange bat's in the closet behind you.
It's in the closet.
Yeah.
I don't have delusions that were like actually famous or whatever, but once in a while.
I do.
I'm delusional enough for all of us.
A random listener I just run into in an event.
Of course.
I have another autograph.
I have an autograph screener from Rob Schneider, which is kind of odd.
He is, he is also very short.
A lot of actors, very short.
None of those people, not short.
God, I can't remember any actors' names today.
What the hell is wrong with me?
What was he in?
What'd he do?
Jurassic Park.
He's now in Law and Order, Criminal Intent.
Earth Girls Are Easy.
Blank, blank, blank.
Independence Day.
Blank.
Was it the dude that played the old guy?
No, not the old guy.
He was the smart guy who figured out the pattern.
Oh.
Oh, I know.
Jeff Goldblum?
Yes, Jeff Goldblum.
I had Jeff Goldblum's autograph, and I such, I missed out on such an opportunity.
I actually had from some random lots of records I bought, the soundtrack of Earth Girls Are
Easy on vinyl.
I could have had him sign it.
I was like, ugh.
That would have been hilarious.
He probably would have laughed.
He probably would have thought that was really funny.
I'm trying to think of some of the other ones.
We've had the son of the guy from on Three's Company.
John Ritter's son?
Yeah, Jason Ritter.
He came out.
He was pretty cool.
Just a lot of people.
That guy from Fargo.
Now, when I worked at GNC, I met a lot of famous people, like the remaining members
of Sublime, and a bunch of wrestlers.
Well, we're going to get into video game chat, right?
Yeah.
Hollywood chat.
Gene Siskel out before he had his whole cancer thing.
Just a couple quick comments from chat, because again, they're behind a little bit.
TigerKlaas says, Loki, you better cherish that 360 for as long as you can, because soon
you will see Mark Ruffalo as Bruce Banner and the Hulk in the Avengers movie.
That's right, I forgot about that.
Oh, awesome.
He's going to be big time soon.
I mean, he directed this movie, the movie that he came in to promote, and it was him
and the Christopher Thornton, because they were kind of roommates and stuff, and Christopher
Thornton, he got in an accident, like a climbing accident, where he became paralyzed, and this
was kind of all about him and learning to deal with that.
And the movie's about him realizing he has the gift of healing, kind of like one of those
spiritual healers or something like that, and what he ends up doing with it, and it's
kind of interesting.
More comments from our chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Who was saying about the DSI was Defective Candy said, my greatest autograph is my DSI
signed by Nobuo Uematsu.
That's a pretty good one, too.
Oh, I know who else I have that actually made me super giddy to get.
Koji Kondo.
Ah, there you go.
When he was doing the Wii Orchestra thing.
And sj100matt says, I signed a shoe for Electric Sisterhood at PAX East.
See, I don't even remember that.
I was drunk.
That's what I always say when I don't remember something that probably happened.
I was drunk.
Hey, I remember where one of the other ferrets went.
I actually found one when I was moving.
You did?
You didn't bring it?
No.
I'll bring it.
Remember when one of the other ferrets got attached to the Katamari ball?
That's right.
At E3 one year.
Alright, enough reminiscing, enough Hollywood chat.
Let's get into a little bit of housekeeping.
No show next week.
We will not be here live next week.
I gotta watch the kitty.
Loki and myself have some other things we have to take care of.
Dark Sakura would be a one-woman show otherwise.
And I don't think anyone wants to be subjected to that.
Oh, I could totally go live.
It's gonna be called Bitches Listen.
That's what my new show's gonna be called.
Wouldn't it be Listen to Bitches?
Hee hee.
Rob, you see what our listeners can't see?
Heart!
Only half of one.
So yeah, we won't be here next week, but we'll be back in two weeks.
So bear with us.
Yep, that's really it.
Otherwise, visit our website at orangelaunchradio.com, our Facebook at facebook.com slash orangelaunchradio,
twitter.com slash orangelaunchradio.
We're on all those sites.
All the social networking stuff.
Alright, let's get into some actual gaming news.
I don't know, it felt like after last week, this is kind of a slow news week, but there's
been some things worth mentioning.
A few things.
So, of course, it's coming out now, reports of just how well the 3DS sold in different
regions, and it says, you know, Nintendo said 1.5 million of the 4 million shipped handhelds
were headed for Japan by the end of March.
And I guess, according to the Japanese sales tracker, kind of like the MPD group over here,
Mediacrate, there are still plenty of leftovers.
They're saying that they've only sold about 836,000 units, meaning that they're still
unbroken the 1 million mark in Japan, and still have about 664,000 units left.
Yeah, I know from purchasing my Japanese system originally, yeah, it was pretty easy to get.
It was not, there were not shortages on this stuff.
Now, I don't know, for me, I think under a million units at launch is kind of, for
Nintendo, isn't good.
I mean, it's, you would kind of expect them to sell well with their handhelds, because
I mean, they have a pretty good market share over there, and people are kind of gung-ho
about that stuff, but I really think what hurt them was the lack of, you know, must
have titles at launch.
Well, could it also be, I don't know, the earthquake and the tsunamis making people
think of other things over there than, you know, just 3D stuff?
Yeah, okay, but the earthquake stuff happened, what, a couple weeks ago?
Is that right?
Yeah, I mean, okay, I get it, but, you know, there might have been some people that were
waiting a little bit, I don't know.
Uh, no.
You can't deny that cut into sales, potential sales.
I mean, okay, yeah, I mean, the launch day should have probably been bigger, but, you
know, the month totals are smaller because of the tragedy.
Okay, well that's fine, I'll give you that, but I guarantee, and, you know, it's not gonna
catch up as quickly.
I think what the thing is, is it's not enough, I mean, the 3D, and from what I've found,
just playing stuff, the 3D's cool, but there's no real must-have titles yet.
I mean, like the stuff I bought, like Pilot Wings and Ridge Racer, it's kind of like,
okay, out of the stuff that's coming out, this is what I kind of think are the best
ones, you know, and that's it, it's not like, oh my god, I've got to have Ridge Racer
again, or oh my god, I've got to have Pilot Wings, it was just kind of, eh, okay, well,
this is what I've got to choose from, so I'm gonna pick this.
I don't think anyone's really super excited about a new Nintendogs, I mean, or Steel Diver.
That's true, I mean, it definitely hurt them to not have a Mario game, or a Zelda game,
or hell, the Kid Icarus game at launch.
Or a new IP, for god's sake, I mean, you know, how about let's create something new?
Well, Steel Diver, which I hear is kind of not all of that, but they definitely, you
know, somebody at Nintendo feels like it's a thing, so you know, there's that, that's
new.
Yeah, but it's not something that they're really promoting, it's not like, you know,
a Kirby or Mario or something like that, it's just a game that they put out.
The Wii had the Zelda game, which was like a must-have, I mean, it was just a great game.
The Nintendo 64 had Mario 64, which many will argue is one of the greatest games of all
time, period.
Right?
Mario 64 was a launch game?
Yeah.
I think, yeah.
GameCube, I don't recall having anything big.
I think it had, what, Luigi's Mansion.
Yeah, Luigi's Mansion was the big one.
Well, the first one, I guess.
So, but the GameCube also was challenged with sales to some regards, so.
And then I remember Mario 64 for the DS, and you know, Super Mario World for the Super
Nintendo, and you know, Mario Brothers for the Nintendo.
So, it's just, I don't know.
And then also, once again, you know, people are kind of looking at the 3D as kind of gimmicky,
and also knowing, you know, their track record with just, not even really peripherals with
like, their hardware, it's like, eh, well, you know what?
I'm not gonna buy one right away, because I know in like, a few months they're gonna
announce that they're gonna have a slimmer one, they're gonna mark this down or something
like that, or they're gonna add something or tweak something, and I don't really wanna
wait, or I'm gonna wait for, you know, a new stuff to come out.
Or, you know, for the actual good games to come out.
Just real quick, the GameCube launched with 12 games, and some of the highlights of those
12 games of what came out, Luigi's Mansion, Madden NFL 2002, Star Wars Rogue Squadron 2,
Rogue Leader, I remember that being a really cool game, Super Monkey Ball, and Wave Race
Bluestorm was probably, and see, see, there's nothing in there save maybe the Star Wars
game and maybe Luigi's Mansion or Wave Race, there's nothing that really like, jumps at
you, right?
But the GameCube, of course, was also pegged for not selling nearly as well as the 64 had.
So.
Yeah.
Maybe launch titles are way more important.
But I don't know, like, is the launch that important?
See, I sort of see this as Nintendo trying to set the stage for the holidays.
I don't think Nintendo is really concerned with how this thing sells until the holidays.
Yeah, I think that's correct, but at the same time, though, they've got to try to get
people, I mean, they don't want it to fail at any part.
You know, they may not be as concerned with the numbers not being quite where they want
them to be, but it is saying something, though, when your system's not selling out.
And it's not necessarily a bad thing, because it's good that people can find it when they
want it.
It's not like the WiiWare, it's just impossible to find.
But, it's, at the same time, it's, you look at what their release schedule is for the
3DS stuff, there's not a lot coming out.
I mean, it's pretty slim pickins for forever right now, because they haven't really announced
a lot of stuff.
Okay, both GameGuru and Act F'd in our chatroom were chiming in saying Super Smash Brothers
Melee was about three months after their release.
Well, but, that's, three months later is still three months later, and, you know, who's to
say we're not going to get some of these big 3DS games three months later?
We're not, because they've already announced what the launch window stuff is, and that's
from Launch Window.
I love that, Launch Window.
I'm sorry, Launch Window may be the week that it comes out, or maybe the day it comes out.
Not three months.
I don't call, you know, if you want to use that, let's say, okay, well, Xbox 360's had
a really awesome launch window this past five years, or six years.
Yeah.
I really think you can't really judge this thing until the holidays, because I think,
you know, the Kid Icarus will obviously be out by the holidays.
It better be.
I think Nintendo's going to have that stealth title that comes out at E3, which I don't
think is very stealth at all.
I'm pretty sure it's going to be Mario Brothers on the 3DS, and I think that'll be out by
the holidays.
That'll be New Super Mario Brothers 2, or something.
New Super Mario Brothers 3D, or something, you know.
That'll be their big thing that they come out and announce at the very end that's playable
on the show floor, because it's coming out this holiday.
They have some good stuff.
I mean, they have, like, well, actually...
And that thing's going to sell a shit ton of 3Ds.
And then by that time, you're going to be having 3D Netflix, you're going to be, you
know, I really think it's just so early to tell.
I don't think this system was really designed to have a huge launch.
So.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Absolutely.
All right.
Moving on to some more news.
This also has to do with handhelds and the tragedy and possibly the impact it had with
it.
The NGP.
Now, there's been a lot of back and forth with this this week, so hear me out here.
The NGP might...
They were saying earlier in the week it might not have happened this year because of the
big earthquake that happened.
And there was a report where Jack Trenton, who is the Sony Computer Entertainment America
president talking to Bloomberg saying that Sony may have to launch the next generation
portable in just one market by the end of the year, which, you know, originally they
were going to be doing it everywhere.
And, of course, a lot of people said, well, that makes sense.
You know, it's really unfortunate what happened.
But yeah, that would probably be the case.
But then it came out a little later in the week.
Wait a minute.
Jack Trenton actually said they may have to delay the release of the next generation portable.
And the bosses in Japan, namely Satoshi Furuka, who is the representative of Sony Computer
Entertainment over in Japan, said, so far we see no impact from the quake on our launch
plan, saying that the original Bloomberg report was wrong.
Period.
So, it may not be delayed after all.
Of course, this is one of those things where it's like, well, you don't really know until
E3.
So, if Sony products in the past or any history, it'll be out in Japan, then it'll be out in
the U.S. and Europe.
So, you're going to see some bit of a delay.
But, you know, I think you're going to see something where it comes out in Japan September,
October, and it comes out in the U.S. and Europe just in time for Black Friday here
in the U.S., like last week of November-ish.
Sounds likely.
And by, you know, putting out rumors of delay, it probably just raised a little bit more
of the want.
So, I still feel like that we don't know enough about really what the system is going to bring
to the table.
Yes, we had the press event before.
But, you know, a lot of stuff changes, too.
You know, and a lot of times, the things that they advertise don't really make the launch,
right?
Going back into our last story a little bit, eh?
So, anyhow.
But with the PSP, though, I don't think there's really anything they announced that didn't
make the launch.
They just added stuff later on.
Whereas Nintendo, oh yeah, all this stuff is, you know, going to be there.
Oh yeah, but it's going to be, don't worry, it's coming out in the launch window.
It won't be long.
It'll just be a couple months.
Launch window, my ass.
Come on.
Just say, listen, okay?
We put this out.
We wanted to get this out earlier.
You know, some of this stuff's not done, so.
Still a lot of DS chitter chatter in our chat room.
ActDef saying the DS launch titles were pretty bad, too.
There were some pretty bad games at launch, but it also had the Mario 64 conversion, which
had a lot of people excited, because, you know, they had changed a few things with it,
made the extra characters or something.
So, I still remember Mario 64 being a pretty big deal when that first came out on the DS.
SSG100Matt says, there needs to be a buzz for when they go into the holidays.
If there is no buzz for it, then kids won't be begging their parents to buy it for them.
That's right.
UnfoldedRaptor says, what about Super Mario Sunshine or Star Fox Adventures?
Again, both those games came way later, didn't they?
Yeah.
Especially Mario Sunshine was way later.
That was at least a year after.
So, those aren't even, you know.
And Star Fox Adventures, I think people like to forget about.
Yeah, I don't think that was considered a big hit.
DDRAngel saying, I can't remember if Animal Crossing was a late release or not.
It was.
Yeah.
I don't know if it was late, but it was more like mid.
It definitely wasn't early.
GameGuru says, besides the PlayStation 2's big title, Grand Theft Auto 3 came out a year
after the PlayStation 2's launch.
Here's the thing, though.
The PlayStation 2 had a way different thing going for it at the time.
And the big thing was, it was a DVD player.
And that was right at the time when DVDs were starting to crack.
And a lot of people were buying PlayStation 2s because, hey, it plays DVDs and it can play games.
It's the same thing that Sony was hoping would sell the PlayStation 3.
It plays Blu-rays and games.
And, you know, now it's all about this.
It plays 3D Blu-rays as well.
In fact, you know, I don't know how many of you ran out and got Tron this week,
but some of the box sets, they have stickers right on them.
Blu-ray also plays on PlayStation 3.
And it says right there on the back, to watch a Blu-ray 3D movie,
you will need a Blu-ray 3D player or a PlayStation 3.
So, you know, they're really setting up a PlayStation 3 as, like, you know, not just a game machine.
And that was the same deal with the PlayStation 2 and why it sold very well.
And it is a really good Blu-ray player because it's one that keeps itself up to date with, you know, over the networks.
And, yeah, you can with normal, like, Blu-ray players as well,
but it's a little more cumbersome than just an automatic update.
I don't know, it's just, it's good for that.
I mean, I use it for a Blu-ray player more than I use it for a game system.
Remember all the shit that people gave Xbox to when it came out because it did not play DVDs?
Unless you bought a $50 remote, the DVD playback kit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think a lot of people forgot how horrible that went over.
Anyhow, let's move on with some more gaming news.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
I'm completely mesmerized by the sexiness.
What's that?
Well, it's a game coming out called Galaga Legion's DX.
Ooh, I want to take a look at this too.
Uh, they-
Are you playing the video?
Yes, I'm looking at the video too. I want to see this here.
Ah, pretty.
It's basically, um, tons and tons and tons of the, the Galaga Armada going against you.
You have to shoot lots and lots and lots and lots of them.
This isn't bullet hell, this is ship hell.
And it's done by the same, uh, people who did Pac-Man Championship Edition.
So, very cool.
It's got a new feature called Focus Fire, where it gives you, um, control for secondary aiming.
And, uh, it looks like it's pretty awesome.
It's got lots of pretty colors and swirlies and things.
Yeah, it almost looks like it's like, I don't know, like, Galaga meets Geometry Wars meets-
Res or some type of Q Entertainment game?
Is pretty.
Do want.
There's the Focus Fire option.
Interesting.
But it looks like one of the things is you sort of cut through them like you're making a path.
And then can, uh, sort of send out something that would destroy, like, them en masse.
So it looks pretty cool.
Very neat.
And I can, um, link the, uh, YouTube video in the chatroom.
Very cool.
I'm glad to see the Pac-Man Championship Edition team is kind of continuing forward with reimagining some other titles.
This looks a little weird, but I would definitely check out, you know, like a demo at least to see if it's something I would be into.
But, you know, I love Pac-Man Championship Edition.
And even the reimagined one, you know, they put out the second one not that long ago.
It's great too.
So, uh, that's a good team.
Reimagining some of the classics.
I wonder what other Namco classics they should revisit.
I think we should get, like, Dig Dug Hardcore.
Ah, that would be crazy.
I don't even know how that would work, but it just, in my head, it's really funny.
But it also looks like you get another one where you can get all sorts of, uh, you know how you can get your bonus ship when it takes the ship and you free it?
Mm-hmm.
It looks like you have an option similar to that, except it's got a bunch of bonus ships.
So, but it's gonna be, um, on Xbox 360 and PS3.
Of course.
Alright. Awesome.
Let's move on.
Loki.
Yeah.
Um, so there's, uh, some new announcements made by EA regarding their, uh, basketball franchises.
You may remember NBA Elite 11, uh, got cancelled last year, uh, when it was apparently revealed that it's crap.
Um, so they didn't release it.
Well, a few leaked out, but they didn't release it.
Um, well, the next simulation basketball game won't be coming this year.
It'll actually be next year, um, in fall of 2012 is when you can expect the next EA game.
They're really going back to the drawing board with that stuff.
So, um, they're saying, you know, we have top talent on the game and we're giving the new development team time to deliver a superior experience.
We're making great strides and looking forward to launching a new game next year.
And it says, uh, that lesson's, uh, that lesson about giving the team plenty of time was learned the hard way through the near release and scrapping of NBA 11.
And then, of course, uh, to fill the void for not having a new NBA, you know, simulation game, there is the NBA Jam On Fire edition that's coming to PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade this October.
And apparently it is a follow-up, of course, to NBA Jam that was released last year.
Um, and then it's going download only just like it was originally supposed to, uh, with the release of NBA Elite 11.
It was supposed to be a pack-in bonus, I guess, if you bought the game.
The On Fire edition will be getting, uh, new opponent AI, uh, revamped visuals, and I guess a host of new online features as well as an online, uh, road trip campaign mode and roster updates.
And, um, apparently the new AI's, um, gonna learn your tendencies and throw them back in your face.
And, uh, apparently the game will be $15 to $20, not $50 like it was released last year.
And really, if you ask me, it was way too expensive for a game that was originally gonna be free.
Exactly. And that, I didn't even really think of this in terms of, oh, EA needs a basketball game this year since their other one's gonna get delayed till next year.
Um, now I always thought this was kind of like, oh, I guess NBA Jam didn't really do well, so this is their way to try to make money from it by delivering it the way everybody said they thought it should have been in the first place.
It's very interesting because this whole value of a game thing has been a big theme the past year or so, you know, or at least especially since Game Developers Conference this year where they were, you know, talking about it.
Uh, you know, when they were kind of getting into that whole argument about, um, the Angry Birds developer sells their game for 99 cents, Nintendo says it devalues games as a whole, blah, blah, blah, blah.
It's very interesting where the public is kind of setting the bar for some things. Like, you talk to a lot of people and everybody's like, $50, $60, way too much to pay for NBA Jam, but I pay $15 for it.
It's like, how do you value a game? How do you price a game?
I think the reason why that they're willing to pay $15 or $20 for the game is because it was originally announced that it was going to be an Xbox Live Arcade game.
So, what that sounds like when, you know, the consumer hears, okay, it was going to be a packing game that was going to be released on Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network later on after NBA Elite comes out and you can purchase that separately if you didn't buy NBA Elite, you know, for $15 to $20.
Oh, but now NBA Elite gets cancelled and now it's a $50 game because they're claiming that they added some other stuff in.
Well, I'm sorry, but what did they add in that raised the price up $30? Because I can tell you this much, I've seen the Xbox Live Arcade game, back out on PartnerNet, and they didn't add much.
Definitely not $30 much. So, that's a load of bullshit right there and the fact that they're now re- I would call it a re-release, okay, so they're tweaking it a little bit and then selling it to you again.
Well, if you think about it, that is EA for you. They tweak things a little bit and then they sell it to you again. That's their sports games franchises.
I mean, I don't know, it's whatever. I mean, if you're going to buy it, cool. Honestly, last NBA Jam game didn't look that great.
I mean, it looked all- I guess it was alright, but I did without it and I can do without this next one.
But, good news I guess for 2K, at least they get another year where they have no competition whatsoever.
And there's other developers out there that are kind of taking the whole pricing structure thing and turning it on its nose, like THQ is trying with MX vs ATV Alive.
They're putting out the game for $40 new and then they're going to support it with download content.
And they're saying that's the way they're going to do things. They're going to keep adding download content on a regular basis and then make additional money that way.
Which is fine as long as it's actually new content and not just crap that they're just removed out of the game and then added back in later on.
Or like, God, I can't wait for that role-playing game to come out that costs $40.
But to beat the final boss, you need the final boss pack, which you can download for $20 on Xbox Live.
Or to finish the story, you need the epilogue pack. You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I'd be a little worried about that. Alright, we'll see what happens when this game's released. If it goes over as well as everybody thinks, it will.
Anyhow, moving on to news about Sonic the Hedgehog.
Apparently, there is a new Sonic the Hedgehog game on its way out. It's coming out for the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3.
This was announced via Sonic's Facebook page.
There was a little teaser trailer released where Sonic is running through little colored sequences of loops and so forth.
Classic Sonic is back in the game. Let's take a look. Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 in 2011.
Taking a look here at the, excuse me, the little teaser video here in studio.
Let's see if we can get it to load.
Sega!
Of course. Every Sega game has to load.
I'm curious if Arasaka's got this because I know she's a big Sonic fangirl.
Oh yeah, watch this.
The graphics look pretty cool. Like, it's in high depth. Very well rendered.
Running through ramps and ice.
I think that's just a trailer.
Oh yeah, this is just a trailer. Yeah, of course, I'm sure it's pre-rendered, but...
It's weird to me how they do this whole, like, two Sonic thing.
It's new Sonic and classic Sonic.
Yeah. It's still a little weird.
It doesn't really tell me enough about the game, so...
I'm sure we'll be seeing more about it at E3, but you know what the first thing that went through my head was?
Whatever happened to Sonic the Hedgehog 4 Part 2? Remember how they had that Sonic the Hedgehog 4 Part 1?
Somebody linked me to a story earlier because I said the same thing on Bobby's show and I got a link to a story where I guess they say it is still in development.
As late as late February they were saying that the game is still in development, but...
How do we make it not suck?
I know, I'm kinda sitting here going, well, usually when you have an episodic game, you plan on releasing one episode a month, not one episode a year, you know?
Oh, weird.
Yeah, very odd.
What they're doing.
So, I guess there's still a Sonic the Hedgehog 4 Part 2 coming as well, but I'm also required to care about this.
But we'll see when there's some actual gameplay footage to come out, hopefully around E3. We'll see about that, though.
Yeah, but here's my question with the whole Sonic the Hedgehog 4 stuff, is who really cares?
Because the reviews on it weren't that great, and most of the industry reviewers and the user reviews have been pretty terrible, so who cares?
I mean, that's gotta suck when you're like, okay, I gotta put out a bunch of episodes now for a game that no one gives a shit about. Damn.
Um, you know, it's also one of the things where I feel like they're always trying to reboot Sonic. Like, let's just reboot Sonic.
Oh, we should try rebooting Sonic again. It's like Sega's perennial answer. Maybe it's time to retire, Sonic.
Hate to go there, but I don't know, Sonic games have been very, very hip to us lately.
It's not that difficult to fix Sonic. You make it like it was before. The old Sonic. Don't try to add werewolves into it. Don't try to make it all weird.
Don't give him a sword. You know, just make it Sonic. Now, I know that you tried that with Sonic the Hedgehog 4, and it failed terribly, but you know what?
We can only help you so far, so just make it like that, but not suck. That's all you gotta do.
Alright, let's move on with another story here before we get into the release dates where we travel around the world and see what's coming out soon. DarkSakura?
Well, actually, PopCap has decided to make a new label called 4th & Battery, and you can actually check this out at 4thandbattery.com.
As all one word, number 4thandbattery.com. It is a new label to bring out experimental ideas to customer so they can be more creative, get stuff out that's a little bit, as they say, off the beaten path.
So, it's pretty cool, and looks like the first thing out is gonna be called Unpleasant Horse. And watching the trailer for this, it's very silly.
This horse is definitely not feeling pleasant.
You start off with a bird and a pegasus, and everything's happy, and then here comes a dark horse with a little skull on its butt like the evil My Little Pony.
This horse is just at the Chinese buffet, and now it's feeling very unpleasant.
Pooping lightning.
It makes me think, though, of the bad horse from Dr. Horrible. But yeah, it looks pretty interesting. Apparently, this was an idea they had before 4th and Battery came out.
But, um, they're calling this, uh, and I quote, it's a sandbox for PopCap's inner child.
Well, I'm playing some of the audio here in the studio.
Aw, it's a little birdie. No horse.
This definitely doesn't look like other PopCap games. You're like, where's the jewels to switch? Or, you know.
He farted lightning.
It's like a bad horse.
Random hard rock.
I hope it's gonna be fun. I mean, PopCap puts out, you know, pretty high quality stuff.
It was something that I thought that it got rejected because of some sort of, like, throwing horses through meat grinders or something like that.
Just, like, weird, weird stuff.
Sounds a little bit like Super Meat Boy, if that's the case.
Well, I think it was only rejected because they said it was, they classified it as, like, a family game, but it, you know, not a family game.
Horses going through meat grinders are probably not very family friendly.
Depends what kind of family you have.
I just like in this interview on the page, it says, much like Honey Badger, unpleasant horse just don't give a shit.
I'm glad for the reference to Honey Badger.
Yes, I love Honey Badger.
And unpleasant horse, his name is Bubbles. And is female.
Bubbles?
I'm looking through the interview. Her name is Bubbles.
Sorry, I just have to look at this a little bit here.
This is the Honey Badger. Watch it run in slow motion.
It's pretty badass. Look, it runs all over the place.
Whoa, watch out, says that bird. Ew, it's got a snake. Oh, it's chasing a jackal. Oh my gosh.
Oh, the Honey Badgers are just crazy.
The Honey Badger has been referred to by the Guinness Book of World Records as the most fearless animal in all of the animal kingdom.
It really doesn't give a shit.
I love that they brought Charles Nelson Reilly back from the grave to narrate that video.
Anyhow, the over 30 listeners will understand that joke.
Alright, let's move on. Let's travel the world and look at some release dates and what's coming out to a video game store near you.
Charles Nelson Reilly, rise from your grave.
Yeah, that'd be awesome.
Now this week, there's a few things coming out.
Actually, today there was a couple 3DS games. Rabbids Travel in Time for 3DS.
I'll have you know this is one of the reasons why people aren't picking up games on the 3DS,
because this game is just a port of the one that was on the DS, now with some 3D in it.
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell for the 3DS looked like a game that was made for the DS.
That's also out on the 3DS this week.
Spongebob Squiggle Pants for uDraw.
It's kind of like WarioWare, but it requires the THQ uDraw tablet.
So, WarioWare for like Mario Paint.
That's out on the Wii.
A re-release of Attack of the Movies 3D, bundled with four blaster controllers.
Trying to hit up the budget game market there.
That's on the Wii.
Lego Battle Ninja Go on the Nintendo DS.
Karaoke Revolution Glee being re-released to put the game by itself without the microphones.
That's coming out this week.
As well as, I believe, let's see here.
Oh, Fantastic Pets.
This is a game from THQ.
It's supposed to kind of cash in on that wonderful franchise created by Connectamals.
Except, you know, instead of raising tigers and whatnot, you get to raise unicorns and lizards that turn into dragons and cats that turn into purple cats.
That's on the 360 for Kinect.
Dance Dance Revolution.
Might have forgotten about that game for the other systems.
Now it's finally coming out on 360.
The bundle for 40 bucks.
That's a great price for the bundle.
Elements of War on PC.
Trackmania Turbo Build to Race on the Nintendo DS.
Divinity II the Dragon Knight Saga.
Kind of a redone version of Divinity II for Xbox 360 being released this week.
Rio, the game tie-in for the upcoming animated movie.
Coming out on DS, Xbox 360, Playstation 3, and Wii.
Squinkies.
This is what Activision's decided to spend their time on.
It is like those little toys that you find in the 25 cent bubble machines or whatever.
Yeah, something I don't understand.
That's coming out on DS.
And Potapon 3 on PSP this week.
Michael Jackson the Experience coming out on Xbox 360 and Playstation 3.
Are you going to buy that?
You know what, actually I am looking forward to picking it up on 360.
So I will check that out.
What is it about the Michael Jackson experience that you're looking forward to?
Oh, I just like the dancing games.
Did you ever buy that one dancing game that came out?
It's not Dance Masters, it's not Dance Central.
Dance Paradise? Is that what it's called?
No.
Really? I was looking at it.
No, it looked terrible.
I got it and then I put it back on the shelf.
Yeah, it looks terrible.
But it has Lady Gaga!
That doesn't make me buy things though, Rob.
It makes me buy things.
It just looked terrible.
And then let's see what else we've got here.
Not much else really this week.
I was looking, I actually saw some of these things that made me kind of scratch my head.
They had like this Rocco game capture device.
It didn't really say what resolution it captured in it, so I could not buy that.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Pretty much it for this week.
Good stuff though in two weeks though.
Mortal Kombat and Portal 2.
I know, it's a big week.
Squeeze.
Damn, there went all my money.
Lots of Squeeze.
It's going to be a shopping spree at Fry's.
I'm still looking forward to hearing that.
And a shopping Squeeze.
Alright, moving on to Japan. Let's see what you can Squeeze about for the release dates over there.
Cross Channel in memory of all people coming out on the Xbox 360 as well as Homefront.
Both getting their Japanese releases this week.
Lost Planet 2 moves into the Platinum Collection this week over there as well.
Trying to look up this Cross Channel in memory of all people and see what this is about.
I want to see if this is a game that's out over here.
It's from Cyberfront and I'm not seeing a whole lot with it except a scene where the characters are in swimsuits.
So this is definitely some type of anime.
It's one of those anime games that's just not going to come over here because we don't get games like that here.
Interactive stories is what they look like to me.
Why don't we have, and this is a total random topic here, why don't we have like a telenovela game?
Because that would be just so random.
A Telemundo game?
Yes, a Telemundo game.
Sabado Higante the game.
A bunch of little mini games on the Wii.
It would be different.
There's been nothing.
It would be awesome.
I would like to see them go back and take the old Sentos franchises.
The Mexican wrestler superhero.
That would be awesome.
Well they did have the Mexican wrestling game.
Yeah, and it sucked.
But I'm talking about something ridiculous.
Like Italian Spiderman.
Even though that's not real.
It would still be awesome to take that fake character and make an Italian Spiderman game.
I'm trying to see what type of shows are on Telemundo these days that they could make a show out of.
Of course this thing is trying to...
Let's see, what are the...
I don't know what the big shows on Telemundo are.
I don't really watch it.
There's Shakira.
Alright, this is a terrible segment. Let me move on with the releases.
PlayStation 3.
Lost Planet 2 also gets a price reduction there.
Homefront comes out on there as well.
There's also a game called Pro Yaku Spirits 2011.
Baseball.
From Konami. Yep, it's a baseball sim.
Trying to see...
It looked, from the cover for a minute, it looked like it was kind of like chibi basketball.
But no, this is like real-deal Japanese...
I'm sorry, basketball.
Japanese baseball.
So this is Japanese baseball.
Actually it looks really good.
Yeah.
I have a friend on LiveJournal who will be really into that.
She loves her Japanese baseball.
Let's see, also coming out, WRC Fia World Rally Championship.
That's a racing game if you didn't know.
From Deep Silver.
Moving on to the Nintendo Wii.
Trying to see if they have anything coming out on there this week.
They don't.
But next week you can get Billy's Bootcamp.
Wii Day Enjoy Diet.
Yet another game there.
Coming out this week on the 3DS in Japan.
Pilotwings Resort.
They didn't get it at launch, but they're getting it now.
Pilotwings Resort comes out this week in Japan.
Also Pro Yaku Spirits 2011, so the baseball sim comes out on the 3DS this week as well.
And lastly on the PSP this week, we have Last Rancor gets a price reduction.
We have Dai Tu Zhi Super Robot Taisen Zee Hakai Hen comes out this week as well.
That's Robot Wars series.
And that's coming out.
It's a strategy game on the PSP if you like those games.
And lastly, Persona 2 Sumi, Innocent Sin comes out this week.
So if you're a fan of the Persona series, I think this is like a spinoff series that's on the portable.
It might be like a remake or something.
Yeah, that's available this week on the PSP.
So check it out.
Sounds fun.
Well we have just a few things coming out in Europe.
On 12th we have World of Tanks for the PC.
On the 15th, Lego Ninja Go, the video game on the DS.
And also Michael Jackson, the experience on PS3 and Xbox 360.
They don't get the Mortal Kombat joy until after we do.
So, just saying.
Those poor guys always have to wait.
Portal 2 is out on my birthday, hint, hint.
Everybody.
I have a Steam account.
Alright.
I want to get the PlayStation 3 one so I get the PS3 game and the Steam game, right?
I have a PS3.
That's what I plan to do.
Alright, moving on.
So this week, a hacking group named Anonymous.
Oh, I had a feeling it was Anonymous.
Yeah.
Anonymous.
They are now apparently, I guess, battling Sony now because they're saying,
We are currently investigating including the possibility of targeted behavior from an outside party.
Yes, they were getting hacked.
They already said.
Apparently, the group said they declare loyalty to GeoHot and Raph Chocolo.
Two hackers, well, GeoHot, obviously, the one, has the keys that people want.
Release some of them so that people can actually start doing homebrew stuff.
And Raph Chocolo was behind bringing Linux back to the PS3 and he's a big part of that.
In fact, he's still actually doing hacking stuff based on that.
Basically, they're saying they're attacking Sony's private property because we disagree with their actions.
And they're going to keep on doing that.
So they were attacking the PlayStation Network and Sony's websites and stuff like that.
Of course, I guess, they realize that attacking the PlayStation Network kind of hurts the people that they're trying to fight for.
So they're saying, OK, we decided that we're not going to attack the PlayStation Network at this time,
but they're going to find different ways to attack Sony, I guess.
One of them being that they're going to, I guess, reveal a bunch of information about Sony's upper management,
including crazy stuff like all their personal information, email addresses, addresses, phone numbers, pictures of their family, where they live, all sorts of crazy stuff.
See, some of that stuff gets a little cray cray.
The DOS attack is one thing, but the whole pictures of family, when you start involving kids, I don't think anybody's comfortable with that.
But then you've got to wonder, maybe that's just a smear campaign. I don't know.
The whole point is just to make them feel uncomfortable, I think.
Anonymous, I mean, I'm going to plead a little bit ignorance here because I don't really fully understand what's going on there.
I know it's a big group. I know there's a lot of people. I know about the in-person stuff they do with Scientology, and I know it's kind of a spin off of 4chan.
I love the logo. The logo is fucking awesome.
So nobody's really in charge there because it's Anonymous?
No, no one's really in charge.
They actually grew on 4chan.
So it's like a Borg thing. It's a group collective, right?
Is that how it works?
I'm sure there's people behind it, but...
It all runs on groupthink? Because it's...
Surely somebody in Anonymous says, dude, pictures of families, not okay. It's one thing to order illegitimate pizzas and send them to Sony headquarters, but when you start posting pictures of people's kids, that's too much.
And then... Sony, Sony, Sony.
And this is the thing too, especially with any kind of radical type group, it's that if they don't follow through on the threat, no one's going to take them seriously.
Oh, they won't do that. But the thing is, I'm pretty damn sure they will.
And it's that sort of, I hate to put it this way, but sort of like integrity, if you know what I mean? The fact that if they say they're going to do it, they're going to do it.
That gets people, you know, listening to them.
Well, the other thing they were too pissed off about was the fact that Sony was collecting the IP addresses for everybody that visited GeoHot's site.
Well, that was ridiculous.
And they're saying, no, if you do anything with that, you go after anybody, you're going to have hell to pay.
So, the other thing is, okay, I don't understand these companies.
Basically, Sony hired this outside company to help protect them during this DDOS attack.
So, they have the hosting provider for Sony, they're belittling Anonymous' cyber attack, calling it medium strength, and something that's only annoyed our network engineers.
Why would you say something like that? That's just going to piss them off and make them try harder.
Do people not learn? Oh, our system's unhackable! It's the most secure system ever!
Oh, your attack was pathetic! I've seen worse from my ground!
It's like, seriously, why would you do that?
Yeah, I'm kind of surprised they acknowledged it at all.
It's like, oh great, thank you dumbass that had to open your mouth. Now you're going to...
It's just going to piss them off. That's all you're doing. You're just going to piss them off now.
Great. Can't wait to see what happens this week.
Piss who off?
See, that's just the part, you know...
I don't know. There's definitely got to be a lot of varying opinions within that group, such as like, how far do you go?
So, you know. I don't know. We'll see what happens.
Well, we know what this one guy did. There's one individual that did something in it. Had to do a little bit with hacking and so forth.
It has to do with Xbox. Since we talked about Sony, let's talk about Xbox.
This was an Xbox Live user who'd been banned from the service over 35 times.
He went out and did some bad things to Steven Toulouse. I think I'm saying that right. It might be Toulouse.
Sorry if I'm saying that wrong. But he's one of the executives and this guy is big up on Xbox Live. Like, he's pretty much the head of Xbox Live.
And this guy actually ended up essentially hacking the Xbox Live account.
But I want to point out, he didn't hack through Xbox Live.
He hacked the computer that sent the email for the password reset to get to the Xbox Live account.
So, you know, your Xbox Live account is fine for now.
This guy did this to kind of get his point across.
Obviously, the guy is the director of policy and enforcement for Xbox Live. So, it's not like he couldn't get his own account back.
The hacker is named Predator and he basically made a whole little boasting thing on YouTube.
And, I don't know, it was kind of like talking a lot about how he's doing them a favor and so forth. I don't know. Kind of weird.
I think he's trying to be one of those hackers that really wants to get hired by the company.
But I don't know if that's really the best way to go about doing it.
But you know how companies will hire hackers to help improve the integrity of the system?
I think maybe that's what this guy is trying to do, but he's going about it the wrong way.
Especially if you get banned from Xbox Live 35 times, you're probably just a dick, dude.
It means they probably don't want to deal with you at all.
Yeah. So, this probably wasn't the best way to get your point across.
Maybe a nice little heartfelt, I'm sorry. Be better. I don't know.
Alright, anyhow, we're going to now walk through Classic Game Archives and... what's that?
You should start with the old music first.
Okay, yeah. The Classic Game of the Week is the next segment. Thank you for totally derailing me.
Sorry!
Every week on the show we have a segment where DarkSakura looks in the Classic Gaming vault and picks out one game that she says,
Hey! You kids ought to be checking this out this week. It's the Classic Game of the Week.
DarkSakura, what is the Classic Game of the Week?
It's actually two games. It's Killer Instinct, both one and two, because I had to put them together.
Alright.
But the first one's really the best.
Let's check out some of this music. The ambience from Killer Instinct 1.
This used to be my favorite music in the game, was killer music.
Anyway, Killer Instinct was developed by Rare and published by Midway and Nintendo and was in the arcades in 1994.
And it was rumored to use the Ultra 64 hardware engine.
In fact, there was actually this teaser for it being on Nintendo Ultra 64, if anyone remembers that.
But this game had a pretty unique system for it.
It had some moves that were very similar to how Street Fighter worked, but also had Mortal Kombat style finishing moves.
And a few other kind of neat things. It had a double energy bar, so that instead of winning two rounds, you actually just had two bars of energy.
When you finished one up, the fight would pause and your new bar would fill up, so that's how it worked.
You had combos that if you pressed the buttons in a certain order, they would just auto combo.
And then you had your finishers that are called No Mercy, although other versions called it a danger move.
And it was basically, you know, violent finishers, like an orchid would flash your boobs and the other person would die of a heart attack.
Unless it was another orchid, then she'd just stomp her feet and be jealous. That was cute.
And then you also had humiliations where it would make people dance, and they had different dance styles.
You had the Ultra combo that was, basically they'd just go into this huge ass auto combo.
But with some of the characters you could actually keep re-juggling with extra hits at the end of the combo, so you could get over 80 hits.
I was always really good at the 44 hit combo with orchid.
Anyway, you also had combo breakers where if you either hit in the double digits or were in the combo link stage, you could do this little move and it would break the combo.
A combo breaker! Anyway, so it was pretty neat. You also could do these advanced moves right after you did a combo breaker.
Like, Jago for example would have a red fireball instead of the green one.
So your characters in the first one were Fulgore, Cinder, Glaceous, Jago, Riptor, Saberwolf, Spinal, who was actually the second to last.
No, the third to- the second to last. Because I think Fulgore was after him and then it was idle.
Anyway, TJ combo, Chief Thunder, orchid, well it says B orchid I guess it's supposed to be black orchid, and idle.
Who didn't have any special moves at all, except he could refill his life by stomping on the ground.
It was also the first arcade game that had an internal hard drive.
And the game was actually done in pre-rendered sprites that was done by Silicon Graphics.
And the backgrounds were pre-rendered as a movie, but the frames would adjust based on where the characters were.
So it was pretty cool. It also used the R4600 processor. It's pretty cool.
And, oh you film?
I'm just jumping to random ones, playing a little bit before you get to the second game.
There was a SNES version, it had a lot of stuff cut out and way panned out.
But it came with Killer Cuts, which was a 16 track remix version of all the songs.
And you could actually order it through Nintendo Power, or you could get the CD if you bought the game.
I got mine because I bought the game.
And it was in a black case. There was a Game Boy version, but if you played it on the Super Game Boy, it had actually limited color added to it.
And you could play it two player, and they actually really toned down a lot of the characters' moves.
For the Nintendo 64, there was not a Killer Instinct or Killer Instinct 2, but you had Killer Instinct Gold that was based off of Killer Instinct 2.
And that leads us to Killer Instinct 2! Yay!
How about some new music, Rob?
Working on it.
Okay.
Killer Instinct 2 is the sequel, and they changed moves.
Annoying.
Which one is this?
Working.
Yeah, that was the CD version.
But it was really cool. This was my favorite music in the game.
Now, I'll tell you, when Dan got Killer Instinct Gold, I had him, because you had to keep starting the game over to get the right music.
And he actually recorded an MP3 of this for me, because I wanted it that badly.
I was a big nerd.
This is when we were first friends on the interwebs.
But KI2 basically had similar control, and it had the whole life bar thing the way that Killer Instinct was.
And I had auto combos, but they changed a few things.
Some of the normal moves, though, were toned down, and then you also had different blocking moves that were thrown in.
You also had throws, too.
And then there were ways to glitch a combo and do different moves along with that.
It basically had sort of a rock-paper-scissors system with how certain moves could be tied to certain moves.
And it was really bizarre.
Killer Instinct 2, for me, was a lot harder of a game.
And then you had a super bar where you could fill it up when you take damage.
And then you could do a huge super move, which was an extended version of the regular move.
And it had actually a parry system, so you could counter-attack after a block, and all kinds of different stuff.
It was new finishing moves, all kinds of new stuff, and no humiliations, though.
But every character had two ultimate combos.
And you could still do ultra combos.
So, with the characters in this one, the ones that came back were Full Gore-Jago's final TJ combo, Glaceous Saberwolf, and Orchid.
And all of her moves changed. It was so weird.
And then the new characters were Maya, who was the one that I used the most.
And according to Nintendo Power, she was the worst dress of 1996.
She had nice boobies.
And Tusk, who was, like, her dude.
Kim Wu, who was actually pretty fun. And Gargos, who was a demon lord, who was the rival of Eidol.
Ooh. And you could only use him with a cheat code.
So, they had different endings based on how you beat the game.
So, like, Jago's was different based on if he kills Orchid or if he kills Full Gore.
It's weird stuff, but they had all kinds of different stuff.
With Kill Instinct Gold, which is the Nintendo 64 version that I said before, it was a near-launch title.
And it did downgrade a few things, but it was pretty darn faithful.
You had team battles where you could fight with up to 11 characters.
You had elimination battles, training and advanced training, and a full option menu where you could modify stuff.
Like, how fast the game went, the color of the blood button configuration, and your controller pack data and unlockable content, like different colors.
And different scenarios and faster speeds of the game. You could make it, like, super fast.
And most of the full motion video scenes were pretty much removed because, hi, it was a Nintendo 64, it was a cartridge.
And so they did simple animations instead.
And the game was fully rendered in 3D instead of the whole scaling full motion video.
So it was pretty close to being good.
And there actually was some censorship about that around Orchid.
In the full version, there was a scene with Orchid in the introduction, and they actually played it on a UK show called Game Master,
but it was cut when the arcade release came out, so maybe someone can fight it on YouTube. Who knows?
But it won four Nintendo Power Awards, and has a really good soundtrack called the Killer Instinct Gold Cuts soundtrack.
And that's it.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, Killer Instincts 1 and 2.
I guess 2 will have to share the stage this week.
Let's just say gold.
Fine, Killer Instinct Gold.
But with major nods to the arcade versions.
You got it.
Alright, that's going to do it for part A of our show, but don't go anywhere. We've got plenty more to cover when we come back.
When we come back, we're going to get into some things such as some rapid fire news, including news on Ninja Gaiden 3.
Not the old one on the NES, but for new consoles.
Talk a little bit more about Michael Jackson The Experience, some new tracks coming out for Rock Band,
some changes going on at GameStop, and Atari reboots on iOS devices.
We're going to talk about all that and more when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this Sunday evening, April the 10th of 2011,
as we do tape live on Sunday nights at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
Now, we can't play the music on the podcast feed, but I have to mention this.
That last song cut off rather awkwardly, didn't it?
It was kind of suddenly like, and we're live.
I can play clips. You can get away with playing clips on podcasts.
We were playing a track called Work It Out from, what is this, Sonic R, right?
So let me just play, let me play the last like 10 seconds of the MP3 here,
and you get to see how awkwardly this cut off.
I'm jamming, I'm jamming, I'm jamming, and it's done.
You just kind of cut off.
I hate how video game soundtracks kind of do that sometimes,
but they're usually set up that way because they loop over and over again, so they don't like really fade out.
So that's how usually you can tell the song that was kind of ripped from the game,
or if it was for a CD, usually it will fade out on a CD
because they don't want those awkward transitions like that, so.
Anyhow, let's get into some rapid fire news, and then we'll get into Twitter topics.
Of course, this is the last call for tweets at, at OLR on Twitter, so we're getting those in.
We have a few, I like more random questions on the Twitter tonight.
You know, video game questions are cool too.
If you want to talk about news, that's fine. Link us to stories.
I want some random questions, random gaming questions.
Also, we always like to plug our other projects that we work on.
Dark Soccer has another podcast if you like OLR you might like.
It is called Comic Insanity, and it is me, Maren Marvel, and Dan Shadow, and we talk about comics.
And we did not have a show this week, but next week.
Frown.
We will have a show.
Smile.
Grin. Happy face.
Any more bigs?
You can check us at infamous.net, N-F-A-M-O-U-S.
Any more big celebrities planned for your show?
You had some guy that was on Heroes.
He was really cool. Todd Stashwick.
Really nice guy.
Who is he?
Todd Stashwick.
He was in season 4, so unfortunately it was after I stopped watching.
He's been in Buffy and Supernatural.
Fine. What was his power?
He was the multiple man.
Oh. Multiplicity sucked.
The power to make you listen to any podcast.
But he's a really cool guy. Really, really nice.
And, uh, there's more coming.
It's hard being an actor in Hollywood, too.
Like, if I had been offered the role of a hero that just made people defecate on command.
That would be awesome!
They call me the Brown Note.
If Rob thought of his nickname, it would be Poopy Pants.
There you go.
Well, excuse me, Mr. Poopy Pants.
Defecating on command? Where do I sign?
The Defecator.
Nice.
The Defecatrix.
Well, now that I've brought defecation and your show in the same sentence, I apologize for that.
But anything else you want to say about Comic Insanity?
We're awesome. Listen to us.
Alright. My Side Project is a show with the one and only X Tufur called The Best Lil' Horde House in Azeroth.
Called Horde House for short. Visit us at www.hordehouse.com.
If you like World of Warcraft, or even if you don't, you just like digging fart jokes, join us every week.
We put new shows up about Friday. We don't tape live right now. Maybe someday.
We definitely want to get back into that at some point.
I do want to throw this out there. Hordehouse.com is the website behind it.
And we've been having more and more people kind of write for the site.
And by more I mean one other person, but we have another one planned too.
And one of the articles you just posted about How to Closet Your Dragon was the article.
It's about how Blizzard has kind of deflamboyantized one of the monsters that was in Warcraft.
It's been getting a ton of hits through Reddit.
It's like a controversial article and I'm very excited because it's only like the third blog post on our site.
So, big things in the future at Horde House.
Lots of hordes to talk about.
Alright. That's it. Let's move into some rapid fire news.
And then we'll get to your tweets.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R one more time.
Loki. The latest issue of the official PlayStation Magazine had some neat little tidbits regarding the new Ninja Gaiden game.
Ninja Gaiden 3, which is going to be 3. Not Sigma 3. Just 3. Both systems.
You know, all playing around harmoniously.
There is some info. They're saying that there's going to be a complex multiplayer mode.
They're not really drawing comparisons with Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2.
But, you know, that sounds neat.
I mean, everybody has multiplayer nowadays, so why not?
They're saying that also Ryu is going to be the only playable character in the game this time around.
None of these all, you know, bonus characters from Dead or Alive or, you know, the DS or whatever.
They're also saying that there are going to be, you know, many difficulty levels, I guess.
They're not necessarily making the game easier, but they're going to try to make the game more exciting and being able to be enjoyed by everybody, as well as hardcore gamers.
So, I'm assuming you'll probably hear more at E3 about this game, because it sounds like a pretty big one.
Then, of course, Japan. Japan, Japan, Japan.
They put out a lot of weird games in Japan, and there's a couple highlights that were on blogs this week.
One comes from Famitsu. It's a cell phone game that's called I Love Woman's Body Climber.
Basically, the premise is you climb up girls, and you are climbing them.
For example, it's kind of like Shadow of the Colossus, but with schoolgirl anime chicks, and you're this tiny little dude.
So, you have to, for example, it's harder to climb up bare skin than, say, pull yourself up on one of their sailor suits or whatever.
Weird shit, but it's interesting. It sells for, I guess, 315 yen, which is relatively cheap.
Does the little song play while you're climbing the woman?
It should, though.
You know what, people? Since the big thing is to now knock off games on Xbox Live Indie Marketplace.
There you go. That's a niche that's not being filled with weird shit like that.
Scale woman's bodies to yodel music. That'd be awesome. Seriously, that would be just amazing.
That was inspired by the cliffhangers game on The Price is Right, by the way, when a little dude climbs the mountain.
Yodels? Forget it. Lots of old-school game show references on tonight's show.
Okay, let's see. The next game, which I'm going to try to pronounce here, but I probably will do a bad job of it. It's Gachi Tora, Abrarenbo, Kyoshi in High School.
And basically, this looks like a weird high school game with a system called the Soul Nude Battle System. And what the Soul Nude Battle System is, apparently you can...
I hope this isn't a Kinect game.
You can break a wall. It says you can break a wall the student has placed around her heart by screaming at them or something, using soul words.
So why do I have a feeling like, you know, a chef being in there, you know? Chef's Soul Nude Battle System.
Basically, you scream at people and they take off their clothes, or their clothes come off. So that's what that's about, and that's on the PSP.
What's also weird though, on top of all that, I guess you also can play baseball and do some other weird minigames in there, but it just looks very oddball.
Screaming at someone and makes them naked. If only that worked.
It's almost like Pee Wee's secret word of the day. When someone says the word of the day, scream real loud.
And then last but not least...
Clothes fly off like the Minnie Hill Show.
Little bit of a disappointment. Come on, Nintendo. Why? Why? Why? DSiWare. I guess, you know, the DSi shop, although not available yet, much like the Wii Shop originally worked.
Games from the DSi shop cannot be run off of an SD memory card.
And while the Wii had a patch later on that allowed you to do that, the DSi does not allow you that. You have to put the game on the internal memory and that's where it's going to stay.
And that's it.
It says apparently though, of course, the 3DSWare and Virtual Console games will be able to directly play off an SD card.
DSiWare that you buy new or transfer over on the 3DS still requires you to store it to the internal memory of the 3DS.
It's kind of a step backwards, I guess.
Is that like their copy protection?
No, it doesn't make any sense. DSiWare is the only thing that's stuck like that. 3DSWare or Virtual Console stuff? Oh, you can put that back and forth.
DSiWare? No.
That's weird.
Must be something about the, I don't know, emulating or something, I don't know.
Something that they have running on there probably is limiting it, but I mean, come on. Just patch that shit.
Well, but I mean, let's be real, Loki. Is there anything on DSiWare that you really have to play that bad?
Yes, actually there is something now that you mentioned it.
Uh oh.
It was something that didn't make our show roll, but it's pretty awesome.
It's a DSiWare application, not even really a game. It's called Inchworm Animation.
And this thing is just fucking crazy. Basically, it's an animation program developed by Bob Sebastian from Flat Black Films, the company responsible for rotoscoping in The Waking Life and in the Scanner Darkly.
And apparently this game or program or whatever you want to do, you can do all sorts of crazy stuff.
You can do rotoscoping, you can do green screen, you can do time lapse photography using this.
You can make your own animations, all sorts of crazy stuff for five dollars. Five dollars.
Seriously, they could have sold this shit for, you know, thirty dollars and been able to sell a ton of it.
But yeah, that's coming out April 25th.
Nice. Alright. Well, let's move on.
Of course, I can't play it on April 25th because they haven't released a damn store yet for, you know, the 3DS.
Oh, sorry, we didn't finish that part of the 3DS.
Well, something you will be able to buy whenever it does come out, you don't know Jack.
Of course, the revival just came out on the 360 and the PlayStation 3 and it's pretty damn good.
You'll be able to now buy this on the iPhone or your whatever iOS device, iTouch, iPad.
We don't know exactly when, but it has been announced that you don't know Jack is coming out on these systems.
It kind of strikes me as a duh because, you know, you don't know Jack. It comes out on every system.
So I'm not surprised it's coming out on iOS as well.
Now, it's not going to support multiplayer, however. It will have Game Center support and it will have 20 full episodes.
Now, I don't know if these are 20 recycled episodes in the console games or 20 all new episodes.
I really hope it's all new. But yeah, the game is on its way at some point.
Battlefield 3, some people are very exciting about this and it's going to have a lot of ads.
I hope you like your ads in your game because Battlefield 3 is going to have a lot of them.
That's right because, let's see, John Riccitello, who of course is the Electronic Arts CEO,
he was talking to advertisers saying, quote, expect a couple hundred million dollars in marketing against, you know, the Call of Duty and so forth.
It's designed to take Call of Duty down.
Now, Riccitello said, kind of in a follow-up to that, that in-game advertising doesn't necessarily mean billboards.
Half of online multiplayer time is spent in lobbies and that's where folks are expecting advertising.
So you might be seeing ads in the lobbies, you should wait for games.
No, people are expecting advertising on TV, not on a multiplayer lobby.
That's kind of just an asshole thing to do.
So not only are there going to be ads on TV for the game, for them to try and beat Call of Duty,
but there's going to be plenty of ads in the game as well. That should be lots of fun.
Hey, Michael Jackson, the experience, the game that Loki's looking forward to next week on the Xbox 360,
it's already sold 3 million units globally because, you know, the game has been out on the Wii.
It's basically just dance, but it's all Michael Jackson songs.
Yeah, the Wii, the DS and PSP versions, they've sold 319,000 units in the UK, 11%, they said, of the global sales.
So that means it's sold about 3 million worldwide.
I'm not too surprised that this is probably sold a lot, especially in the US.
You know, people love their Michael Jackson.
So, there you go.
But so much for the music genre being dead.
Yeah, that's true, that's true.
Alright, DarkSakura.
Well, we definitely have other news.
Going into Rock Band, we have Fleetwood Mac and, of course, a solo member, Stevie Nicks.
This is the Fleetwood Mac slash Stevie Nicks Pack 1.
It has Dreams by Fleetwood Mac, Gold Dust Woman, Landslide, and Rhiannon.
And then from Stevie Nicks, there's Edge of Seventeen and Stand Back.
And it looks like Dreams and Edge of Seventeen both have Pro Guitar bass expansions available for another 99 cents.
God, I love Stevie Nicks. She's a fierce bitch.
She is.
And then, ooh, Silent Hill Revelation, which is gonna be the next movie based off of Silent Hill 3.
And Carrie-Anne Moss is gonna be in it as Claudia Wolf, who may or may not be evil.
And we also have in there Malcolm McDowell, who's going to be Leonard Wolf, who may or may not be evil.
Who knows? We've played the game we know.
And then Mass Effect 3 is not going to be multiplayer.
They may do multiplayer in later games, but not Mass Effect 3.
Confirmed Mass Effect 4.
They are going to expand the RPG elements with larger skill trees and different power evolutions.
And they are not going to make the weapons as customizable as they were, but they're going to have different behavioral changes and appearance changes.
And all weapons can be used by all classes.
So, cool. But not as cool.
Is it?
I don't know.
Alright, let's get to the Twitter topics.
Every week we invite you guys to tweet us at twitter.com slash OLR.
Let's read some of the tweets tonight.
Defective Candy tweets us and says, forgot my MP3 player the other day.
Was so happy I remembered about OLR's Podlines.
Phone plus OLR equals awesome.
And I had to rack my brain for a minute after reading this tweet.
I was like, what the hell is Podlines?
And then I remembered, there's this service online called Podlines where apparently you can like call and listen to podcasts on the phone.
Like you don't even need an iPhone or whatever to do it.
So, I don't really officially endorse this site, but I guess it's kind of cool what they're doing.
Apparently you can call this number and, you know, I'm going to call it and see what happens actually right now.
You can call this number, it's area code 650, so please notice that is not an 800 number, so there is a charge with that.
It's area code 650-523-6855.
And this is from the website Podlines, L-I-N-E-Z dot com.
And let's see what happens when we give it a call.
Am I going to hear myself? I guess so.
New music from independent artists. Call song numbers radio.
Well, I don't know, I don't care about these independent artists.
Don't you hear me?
Quadruple zero.
I don't want to hear the ad, I want to hear me.
Wow, it's last week's show in really crappy quality.
Wow, it's last week's show.
You can listen on the phone, call on your cell phone.
Interesting.
I guess that's a neat idea for a service though, and obviously they're making money off those little ads in the beginning.
A lot of people have like damn limited minutes plan or, you know, stuff like that.
True, especially night time minutes like if you're working a graveyard shift.
Too cheap for an iPhone, there's a way to do it.
Alright, let's see. Ronnie Bailey is saying at OLR, listening to OLR.
I want an OLR autograph.
Okay, I've got a tissue, I've got a pen.
Alright, Ronnie Bailey just needs to DM us his address and we will autograph something and send it to him.
How about an empty CD case?
We'll find something. I might have something in.
There's my coffee cup.
You would give away your coffee cup?
It's in the trash can right now.
Oh, it's a Starbucks coffee cup.
Alright, we'll find something for Ronnie Bailey.
We'll find something that isn't trash.
DM us your address and we will send you something.
Yeah.
Alright, just because you asked.
And I don't want everybody else jumping in there and saying, I want free shit, I want free shit.
No, Ronnie Bailey gets it because he has it nicely first.
Alright, let's see. Tiger Claw says his tweet, oh I heard about this.
This is 1 versus 100. It's coming back y'all. 1 versus 100 is coming back.
Yay.
Not on Xbox Live though.
Boo.
1 versus 100 is coming back as a Facebook game.
Double Boo.
Where's my fail horn for that one?
1 versus 100 is coming back as a Facebook game.
I guess the version on Game Show Network didn't do too hot, just so you know.
It's being developed by iWin. It is being licensed by NML USA.
And it will be the mob versus the one structure.
Individual players will be inviting their friends to join the mob to answer questions.
And I guess either knock off them or the user. I don't really know how this works.
So there's also Facebook different modes there.
It will not just be the Xbox version ported. It's being remade by iWin.
But if you want to play 1 versus 100, I guess you'll have to go to Facebooks.
You can put that in between your farm and your Knights of the Clicky.
Another tweet from Tiger Claw 305.
Apparently Kojima has been teasing a new Snatcher game.
Didn't we have a rumor a couple weeks ago that Kojima was working on something new and didn't really say what it was yet?
Stop working on new stuff and finish the damn game that you have in progress.
Well hey, a new Snatcher game could be pretty cool.
So Snatcher was a text based adventure game.
I remember something about a year ago, maybe a few months ago, where folks were translating the second game in the series.
So yeah, Snatcher I guess has been dormant for a long time.
But I guess he tweeted something like, quote, I've readied a complete Snatcher set for some reason.
So I don't know, maybe people are taking that tweet very far.
And I also hate that Twitter is now becoming a respectable news source, but there you go.
Alright, anyhow, so that could be coming soon.
It would be kind of neat. I do remember the whole Kojima is working on something and maybe Snatcher would be it.
So we'll see.
Let's see, I guess ActDeft is tweeting us this.
Game Boy music video is exactly what it sounds like.
It's an article on Joystiq here that has a Game Boy, a bunch of Game Boys.
Let's see this.
Oh, see, the reason why you're hearing all these hammering sounds and things is somebody actually clicking their Game Boy
and putting headphones into the slot, getting that humming noise and things like that.
I was thinking it was actually going to be like chiptunes.
But no, this is somebody doing random things with an old-ass Game Boy.
That's pretty cool. It takes talent to put something like that together.
Neato.
Sonic has linked us to this. I believe this is also from Joystiq.
Except he just linked us to the picture. It has something to do with Child of Eden.
We didn't get actually linked to the article.
Yeah, Child of Eden seems cool. I'm actually really looking forward to that game.
Some folks that were playing it at PAX were really enjoying it too.
Remember, I don't know, they said it's going to support up to four controllers vibrating or something like that.
This is the corset, isn't it? Something about a corset.
Yes.
Oh, yes. I do remember reading about that. Awesome.
Let's get some more tweets. Gamer Girl tweets us saying,
Which do you think is better, Japanese versions of games or American versions of games?
That depends on the game.
Yeah, it's so wide open. It really depends on the game.
I mean, usually I like American versions of games because I can understand them,
because I don't speak Japanese.
But a lot of the old music games, especially back in the PlayStation 1 era, were way better in Japan.
Like, the Bust-A-Move series was better in Japan.
Most of the old DDR games were way better in Japan.
Like, DDR Third Mix on PlayStation 1 was the bomb.
But over here, we got, like, DDR USA Mix. Not so hot.
So yeah, it really depends on what game you're talking about.
So it's really wide open.
Blue Swim sends us some random tweets. I like these random tweets.
What was the first music album and first game soundtrack you bought?
The first game soundtrack I bought?
Uh...
That's a good question.
Ironically enough, it was probably DDR Third Mix for me.
Because, you know, I remember trying to get soundtracks online of, like, Final Fantasy VI,
and, like, the old school Final Fantasy games. Like, I was really into those musics.
But, you know, it was really hard to get music on CD back then over here.
So I would say you probably have to go back to when we first, you know,
were really starting to see more game soundtracks come out on CD in the CD gaming era.
And probably something like DDR Third Mix for me.
Well, I had, um, we had a bunch of, like, when I first moved in with Dan,
we had the TurboGrafx games that we could just, you know, play the CD.
Because they were Redbook Audio.
So, but, and I'll tell you what, actually I know the first one that I personally bought
that was not a bootleg.
Because, you know, we used to get those all the time.
And this was, like, me personally buying it with my own money by myself going out,
not people sending me copies or anything or all that.
Is, um, I went out and bought the Bust A Move soundtrack right when it came out.
Oh nice.
They had the screensaver and everything built in with it and all the cool stuff.
And then, I actually, that's the first one that I personally went out to buy.
I mean, we found other ones. We've been given other ones, you know.
But that was the one I went out first on a mission to get.
Others, you know, we just sort of looked into or found or, you know, said,
Oh, that's neat. Let's get it. You know.
Awesome.
And actually, there's been other, two others that I've bought the actual Japanese soundtracks for.
And that is Bust A Move 2, the dancing game, guys.
And Two Mix's Greatest Hits.
Nice.
Going to our chat room. I'm catching up on chat comments because I've been reading Twitter's.
SalaciousPop reminded me of something we saw the other day saying,
Zinga is now in the old Sega building in San Francisco.
True facts. Driving back from San Francisco the other day on Friday.
Driving by the old Sega building. You know, you'd see that.
Like, drive coming off 280, going back onto 80.
You drive by that old Sega building. Yeah, Zinga's in there now.
Doesn't that make you sad?
That's crazy sad.
That's very sad.
Sj100Matt in our chat room says, No offense, but F-Snatcher.
Zone of the Enders, please.
NacDeft follows up with that.
Where's my third Zone of the Enders, dammit?
Absolutely right.
Tigerclaw says, My first video game soundtrack, if you can call it that, is the Mortal Kombat CD.
And I'm not talking about the movie soundtrack, but the one by the Immortals.
Oh god, I forgot about that disc.
Oh yeah, I had that too. I did have that.
That might have been my first one too.
I did have that.
I had the movie soundtrack too. The movie soundtrack was so awesome.
It was sick!
I think my first soundtrack was Gran Turismo and then I remember DDR Fourth Mix.
This is the other one I bought. I bought that at a con.
Awesome.
Last tweet from Blue Swim.
If you could deep fry any candy bar, which one would it be?
Mmm, deep fried Milky Ways and Twix bars and Hershey's bars.
I've never had a deep fried candy bar, so I'm not sure how they taste.
I've had deep fried Snickers.
Is it good?
I could only eat half of it. It made me sick.
I know, it just sounds like too much.
I don't want any candy bar deep fried. I want them frozen.
I would say Almond Joy, because I like the Almond Joy a lot.
I like almond coconut stuff.
Not a big fan of candy bars, but if we got to pick something,
it's not really a candy bar, but it's what happens when you leave a bag of,
or I should say, let me correct this,
a three pound bag of gummy bears in your car during the hot summer.
It forms into a giant gummy pillow.
Mecha gummy.
Mecha gummy, if you will.
Sort of a Tetsuo gone crazy mecha gummy or ultra gummy.
Take that, bread that, and dip it in so you have a nice gooey pillow of fried gummy.
Oh god, that sounds terrible.
And it's extremely dangerous because you'd be hot molten inside.
You'd have to let that cool off a bit.
Oh my god.
One time I remember Alan got these little, they were like those strawberry candies.
You ever those little strawberry puffy, strawberry puffs I think they're called.
But they were like Hello Kitty brand and they were so good.
I want to deep fry those.
Deep fried Hello Kitty.
So much to deep fry nerds.
Alright, that's it for Twitter topics.
Bread every single one of them.
That's right, we're getting way off topic, but twitter.com slash o-l-r.
Let's get back into some other gaming news.
Loki.
Speaking of abominations coming to Facebook.
GameStop has decided, hey you know what, Facebook people are there.
So we're going to put a storefront there and we're going to sell shit there.
Because, you know, that's what we do.
Honestly, and this kind of even goes back to just Facebook as it is.
Liking stuff, you have to understand what liking something means.
Liking something means you're going to get spammed by them.
So, not us of course, we don't spam a lot.
I don't think we post a lot on Facebook anyways.
But, you know, when it comes to companies, you can guarantee that they're going to be spamming you with a bunch of shit.
So, liking GameStop, you better believe that they're going to be letting you know, hey, hey, there's a game pre-booking.
You want to buy it?
Hey, hey, hey, listen, hey, maybe you should pre-order something.
You know, we got pre-orders. Come on in, pre-order things.
I hate going in there every time they're like, so what game are you looking forward to?
Because I know that's, so what game can I pre-order for you?
No.
And I tell them, I'm like, I'm not looking forward to anything.
I hate it all.
Why are you in here, dude?
Because I'm buying something to come out.
I'm really at that point where, yeah, I just like to go to Best Buy or Fry's or some huge store that happens to have video games.
You know what I mean?
Unless it's like some collector's edition that's super exclusive.
You do not need to pre-order anything.
You can find them in stores.
It's just like, you know, oh, you better pre-order that 3DS because you'll never be able to find it.
No, they're all over the fucking place.
It's just, just wait.
Be a little patient.
I know that sounds really ridiculous coming from me, but seriously.
You, mister, I'm gonna pay 200 bucks for Motorstorm Apocalypse?
No.
Be patient?
No.
Huh?
It's a collector's item, okay?
Mm-hmm.
Mister, I'm gonna import my 3DS.
You know what?
I actually-
I sold that, okay?
Oh, okay.
Did you make your money back?
Yes.
Wow, nice.
So, I would say that that was awesome.
It was like renting a 3DS for a month.
Yeah, it worked out.
But yeah, I mean, so yeah, it's not a big surprise.
And of course, you know, they recently acquired Impulse and Spawn Labs.
So, they're trying to make, I guess, as much of, make themselves as much in your face as possible.
And I guess, yeah, you'll be able to purchase, reserve titles, view trailers, screenshots, and all that stuff.
So, yeah.
Alright.
Well, Atari games are new all over again.
It seems like we have a story like this every year, because Atari games always seem to get re-released for some freaking console.
And this week, it's the iOS systems, the iPhone, the iPad, and so forth.
Atari's Greatest Hits was released this week.
And apparently, 100 games are available through this.
Here's the deal.
You get a free shell of the game that comes with Pong for free just for downloading it,
which obviously is one of the big Atari games ever, although it hasn't aged well at all.
But you can pick up a variety of edition packs for 99 cents each.
And you can get extra games that come with them.
You can just buy all 100 freaking games for $14.99 if you want the old games.
Some of the games you can get, Tempest, Crystal Castles, Yars Revenge, Combat, and so forth.
Now, usually you kind of look at this and go, great, yay, it's the same thing all over again.
But one of the cool things that it does have, you can do multiplayer over Bluetooth connections.
So that's kind of cool.
For some games.
Yeah, not everything.
But for some of the games, it has multiplayer over Bluetooth.
So that's kind of cool.
It's already more useful than Game Room.
Sad.
Game Room could have been so good, but it's dead now.
They haven't officially canceled Game Room, but they also haven't put anything out for it since the end of last year.
It's left as a graveyard.
I know. Sad face.
Well, how about something that's a little bit less than sad?
Okay.
Is it my turn?
Streets of Rage, also known as Bare Knuckle.
It's getting a remake after eight years.
And it's, well, it was actually started by Bomber Games.
They started doing something called Streets of Rage remake in 2003.
And now they put out the final version as freeware on PC.
So maybe Sega's not upset about that.
But it's really not so much of a remake as much as a new game.
It's using new code, has 103 stages, and playable characters from 1, 2, and 3 with new abilities and new characters.
There's new enemies based off of the Game Gear ones and cover illustrations are added on there.
There is boss rush, volleyball, AI partner mode, and other modes and a level editor.
So I'm watching a little bit of this and it just looks pretty neat.
There's a scene where you're outrunning a bulldozer and you have to fight walls.
And you can actually fight the bulldozer too.
That's pretty funny.
I want to fight a bulldozer, but not really.
You just kick the bulldozer and it goes backwards and then you go back to kicking the wall some more.
And then the bulldozer knocks you over.
Man vs. Bulldozer.
Film 11.
Awesome.
Kind of cool.
Damn those knee-high walls.
Oh, he's getting my way.
Someone driving a bulldozer through a building is what I want to know.
I guess I'll have to play the game to find out.
Oh, I remembered a game I did play this week because it was on sale.
It was the X-Men arcade game.
I don't think I talked about this last week.
No, go ahead.
Yeah, the X-Men arcade game.
You know, better in my memories.
As sadly a lot of the retro classics end up being.
Not all of them though.
Pitfall 2, still as awesome as I remember.
Just saying.
But some of the games were better in my memory.
Anyhow.
I'm kind of, well, actually I'm not too excited about Mortal Kombat.
But it is neat to see that there's some stuff coming to the 360 since the PlayStation 3 version
does get, you know, Kratos.
The 360 though, and this is all considered to be rumor, although they do have some screenshots
that kind of confirm that.
It's supposed to be getting some exclusives, including a puzzle combat mode.
Also, a King of the Hill mode, which I guess will feature Avatar support.
How that works is beyond me.
Also, an arena called the Pit 360, which is a remake of Mortal Kombat 3's The Pit 3.
And additionally, I guess they're saying that the DLC character Lady in Red will be offered
as a free download for Xbox Live users for a limited time.
Also, Mortal Kombat themed Avatar gear available for purchase on Xbox Live as well.
No confirmation on everything, but there are some screenshots that kind of show, you know,
the Pit and these Avatars watching the fight.
So it's a little interesting, I guess.
And then on top of that, you may remember the Mortal Kombat kind of pitch for, you know,
a new reimagining of the movie series, which I really wish would have happened, but it didn't.
But instead it became this now web series that's going to be going on.
And apparently the premiere of this web series is going to be on the 12th.
That's right, on Tuesday.
And you can check it out, the first episode of that, including, you know,
Michael Jai White's supposed to be in that still.
And it's going to have eight episodes, I guess, leading up to the April 19th launch day.
And yeah, you can check that out.
It's going to be on Makima.com at 4 p.m.
It's probably going to be really gross.
I should show it to my mom so she can watch it.
This is gross, Rob. What are you making me watch? This is sick.
I think I would definitely want to check it out. It looked pretty cool.
Yeah, it does look pretty cool.
Again, can't explain it. I hate the Saw movies, yet I love Mortal Kombat even when it's gross.
But there'll probably be nothing as over-the-top as what you see in the game in these movies.
No.
I don't think I'm going to see Melina eating, like, ripping off someone's face and eating their tongue
and then spiking the head on the ground.
That'd be awesome.
I did get to see the subway fatality.
Oh yeah?
That's awesome.
It's like he holds her head on the subway so that their heads go through all the windows.
Oh yeah.
And then he throws them in front of another train. It's awesome.
You know what they should have done, which have been kind of fun as a parody of some of the other fighting game series?
Do Mortal Kombat Xtreme Beach Volleyball and actually have that where they take someone's head and spike it on the ground
and make it really ridiculously bloody.
Let's see. Let me look at this here real quick. Let's see if this is it.
Here we go. Here we go.
There you go.
And there it goes. Oncoming train.
That's awesome.
They showed a lot of... What I was looking at was the x-ray vision in the moves.
Yeah, those are like the special moves that you can do. It's pretty cool.
I don't know. I didn't like the demo at first, but it really started growing on me.
And I think the final game is going to do that too. So we'll see.
I'm going to definitely check that out when it comes out. Very cool.
Portal news. Because Portal 2 is on the way.
I was really shocked to see that this game is literally around the corner.
Speaking of this whole driving through San Francisco thing, they have a lot of video game billboards in San Francisco.
I don't know if you know this. I saw a Marvel vs. Capcom 3 billboard.
I saw a Super Street Fighter 3D... Super Street... Excuse me.
Street Fighter 4 3D.
Super Street Fighter 4 3D.
Damn it. Whatever the fuck that game is. I saw a billboard for that too.
And then I saw a billboard for Portal 2 and it said the release date was April 9th.
And I kind of did that... Oh, holy shit. Or April 19th, excuse me.
I kind of did that whole, holy shit, that game is coming out really soon.
So I guess the billboard accomplished what it's supposed to do.
My birthday is April 19th, everybody.
Well, anyhow, to wrap up for your birthday dark soccer in anticipation of Portal 2,
there is a comic that's out now. Portal 2 Lab Rat.
That's right. It's a comic that you can read through.
It's on IGN Comics at comics.ign.com and you can check that out.
It's a free comic, so if you want to read that.
Maybe that's something you can talk about on Comic Insanity.
I don't know if you do the whole virtual comics, but Portal 2 might be a good excuse.
Yeah.
Also of note, Joko, Jonathan Coulton, of course doing the music for Portal 2, I believe.
He's contributing to that as well, right?
Didn't I use something? He's doing some of that.
Well, there is a new version of Portals Still Alive that's going to be coming out.
I don't know if this is with regards to Portal 2 or what, but this is coming out through Twitter.
I guess it's Jonathan Coulton and They Might Be Giants because John Flassenburg from They Might Be Giants,
he's producing Jonathan Coulton's upcoming album.
And I guess one of the tracks they're doing for this album is a new version of Still Alive.
And it's going to feature Sarah Quinn. She's from Tegan and Sarah, so she'll be in this new one.
That's pretty cool. I really like Tegan and Sarah.
They do a great live show because they like to tell stories.
I like going to concerts where they actually talk and interact with the audience.
And Tegan and Sarah do this better than anyone else I've seen.
Like Britney Spears, I don't get her concerts because all she does, she just comes out from the stage,
parades around and lip syncs for two hours.
She might say, hey, Sacramento, and then that's it.
She parades back to her five-star hotel.
There's something else super cool in this, Rob.
What else do you want to say?
Theremin!
That's right. There's a Theremin solo on the new album.
Woo! Theremin!
Unfortunately, the new album isn't due out until 2013.
So this will be a little bit of a wait.
So I guess maybe this new track isn't for Portal 2.
Sad face.
I'm sure there'll be some new song from the game, though. Everybody's all crazy. Over.
Theremin!
Awesome.
Maybe something with Cave Johnson singing the new character that's in the game.
The CEO of Aperture Science or something like that.
Which, by the way, speaking of your rant earlier, did you notice there's some bonus from getting it at GameStop?
There's some unlockable character.
Yeah, no, I've seen the commercials. It's not even an unlockable character. It's a skin for your character.
Seriously, people, if you're all getting raging boners over a fucking skin, I'm sorry.
But the pre-order bonuses for stuff nowadays are really kind of terrible.
Like, you know, oh, you get this. Instead of the gun being silver, it's gold now.
Whoa!
Gold. That way all my friends know I'm a consumer whore.
It's an E-peen something. I have something you don't have.
No, it's not something that you don't have, because everybody's ordering at the same place, so they're all gonna have it.
Okay, so I was watching South Park the other day randomly.
It was on TV, and there was a commercial for the new Mortal Kombat.
And it was a commercial for people at GameStop to get the new Mortal Kombat because you get the Scorpion skin, the classic Scorpion skin with it.
And they did this whole Mashima thing with it, which was kind of funny.
Yeah, they've been doing that now.
But what I thought was interesting about it is that Mileena was not wearing the costume that she has in the demo.
She was wearing classic Mileena outfits.
So classic Scorpion outfit is not gonna be the only classic outfit that shows up in the game.
Yes, there's a ton of them.
Are they all gonna be download content, though?
No, some of them I think actually came with the... I think some come with the game.
Like, there may be, like, a code to download one of them.
But they're gonna be offered later on as, you know, from what I've seen in places.
That's cool, yes.
Yes, there's plenty of skins coming.
But the new Mileena shows way more boobies than the old one did.
And with all the gross stuff that goes on in the game, she's, like, smearing blood on her boobies.
That's gross, but funny. That's Mortal Kombat. Mortal Kombat is funny.
Speaking of hilarious, let's go to the email bag.
Every week, you guys send us emails.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and the hilarity ensues.
DarkSakura, stop shopping on Steam.
I'm not stopping.
I'll never stop.
I'll never stop shopping.
Shopping's actually good for you. Did you know that?
It's very therapeutic.
No, it's not.
Whenever I get pissed off, I go to the outlets. It's been $300. I feel much better.
First email.
It says, hello, O.L.R. Great show.
I wanted to give you guys a heads up on the following.
The Streets of Rage remake project.
Yeah, we just covered this.
It is an 8-year-old fan project by some very talented guys from Spain.
The graphics are all redrawn, levels were upgraded or extended, and music got remixed.
The remake is free. I'm not affiliated with these people.
But he sent the link to it, so I figured I would link it in the chatroom.
Thank you, Carlos.
Well, there you go. Another endorsement for that project that folks have been eagerly anticipating.
Yep. And I just linked it.
So, we only got one other email.
Hi, O.L.R. I think this is from Spazinator.
Since he's banned from Twitter, he's turned to the email bag.
I just wanted to point out a couple of relatively minor stories for the three of you.
First, there are four new free TV shows, all of which are available on both PSN as well as Xbox Live's Zune Marketplace.
Finding them is just a matter of looking under the free TV tabs on their respective systems.
The second story, or should I say non-story, I don't know, is that the PlayStation Network has been relatively severe-
was having relatively severe issues this past Tuesday, while Sony has indeed acknowledged that there was an issue
by issuing a statement via the U.S. PlayStation blog.
They have remained rather tight-lipped about the cause of the issue.
However, it's commonly believed that the issues with PSN were caused by a DDoS attack by a group called Anonymous, which we covered.
I don't think that's- well, you know, to be fair, these emails come in during the week, but I don't think it's really, like, rumor.
I'm pretty sure it's been confirmed. They did it. They took credit.
Supposedly they're upset over the fact that Sony is taking GeoHot to court. Yes.
If I know Loki as well as I think I do, I'll beat him to the proverbial punch and say this,
Somebody call the WAM-bulance. Oh no, Sony is protecting their interest in suing a hacker. Waaah, I show them.
Okay, that wasn't quite a Loki rant, but it was a reasonable approximation. I don't think so.
Uh, well, there's a problem with your argument, the problem being that he's not- he's hacking hardware that he owns.
He's basically, you know, allowing himself to be able to run Linux again, or allowing himself to, you know, hack stuff.
He's not hacking the PlayStation Network. It would be like, for example, I guess you could use the same argument that,
Say you made a custom wallpaper or something like that for your Xbox 360, and then you popped it, you, you know, hacked it into your system so that you have a custom wallpaper,
And then Sony- or Microsoft comes and sues you because you did that. It's basically that. The whole argument is that,
Sony's coming after him for hacking his own hardware that he had, because they're saying that they own the system still.
Yeah. Um, to continue, side note, I have no way to verify this either way, but supposedly anonymous has issued a statement,
Which I will paraphrase. We wholeheartedly believe in Geohot's cause and believe he is unjustly be persecuted.
We will fight for you until Sony relents. We will never give you up. We will never let you down. We will never run around and desert you.
Okay, last part was BS. That was a variation of a 4chan joke, where a discussion morphs from one topic to quoting Fresh Prince of Bel-Air,
Just that I submitted Rick Astley for Fresh Prince. This email was brought to you by Old Ass Jokes. That's it.
Alright. That does it for emails. Unfortunately, both about topics we already covered on the show tonight,
But hey, it's where every gamer has a voice, so send in your voices. Chances are though, if it's a big news story,
We're probably gonna hit it at some point. You know, it is a 3 hour show. Just for the record.
So if you're gonna email us, and that's okay, don't let that discourage you from emailing us about a big topic, a news story,
But just tell us, what are your thoughts? Are you excited? Are you happy? Are you sad? Are you mad?
You know, tell us what you think about it. Alright. Let's see. Let's go on to the FUs of the week.
Every week we like to get angsty. So let's do that right now.
FU to my semi OCD habit of every time I get a harebrained idea, I research the crap out of it to make sure it's possible.
And then probably don't end up doing it. This I will do. It will be done. And also an FU to lack of communication. Done.
I hate doing this. I'm so sad about it. But FU to the squeeze in. And the reason why is because I've been looking forward to for years trying to squeeze with cheese,
And just, you know, it looks so delicious on TV and stuff like that. I finally went to the one that they just put in in Roseville.
And I gotta say, that burger was fucking terrible. The cheese tasted awful. The burger had no flavor to it. It was kind of burnt tasting, the cheese.
It was like basically having the most beautiful woman that you've ever seen describe how she's just going to make you, and you would be a virgin of course,
Have the most amazing orgasm possible, and basically describing in great detail what she's going to do.
Good luck with that, Hunter.
Has you close your eyes, and then you get knocked out, left in the desert to die without any legs. That's basically what this was about.
It's like, huh, I wasn't expecting that. That's basically, uh, Smash, or not Smash Bros.
Oops, why is the outro to the show playing? My bad.
It's basically, I mean, it was such a disappointment. I don't understand the draw to it at all.
Maybe it was a bad burr or something, but, you know, everybody else seemed happy about it.
I could do better myself, man. I mean, if all it is is putting a lot of cheese on something. Fuck, dude, I can put a lot of cheese on something.
Uh, my FU of the Week, wait, where'd the FU music go? There we go, thank you. Uh, my FU of the Week would go to, um, probably moving.
I mean, like, don't get me wrong, I'm really happy to be moving, and the new place has so much more space than my old place did, so that's really good.
Because I have a lot of shit, but my FU goes to having to move that shit is really a pain in the big fat ass.
You still have to move far.
Yeah, but it's, you still have to load up a truck and take it to the other end of the complex, so, it's not that bad.
It's just that you have to clean the old place, and that's just a pain. It's a pain, and I'm lazy.
Close it with fire.
Lazy people don't like moving. I'm gonna do what I did next time I'm hiring movers again.
When I hired movers last time, it was great. Except for the whole stuff that they weren't able to move, but, anyhow.
Let's move on, shall we? Couple more news stories for you guys, and then, oh god, it's the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Uh, yes, another week, another class action lawsuit. This time, it's towards EA, and I could've sworn that this hasn't been the first one, but,
apparently there is the, um, Madden lawsuit, and it's, um, this time, it's not even necessarily just Madden, but it's EA Sports.
Madden NCAA and Arena Football. Um, apparently that there is a case, uh, Pickover vs. Electronic Arts, Inc.
saying that EA's exclusive licenses foreclosed competition in an alleged football video game market.
Because of the lack of competition, the plaintiffs in the case claimed that this monopoly allowed EA to overcharge for its games,
even though EA Sports games, of course, cost as much as, you know, all the other console games out there.
Um, so, if you're interested in possibly participating in this, you can go to easportslitigation.com, and check out the information regarding that.
Apparently, this would qualify if you bought a game between, or an EA Sports football game, uh, between 2005 and now.
Yeah, XLink was telling me about this, because I guess he got an email about it on WoW, and there was a part of me that was kind of like,
is this like a phishing thing, or is this, now I guess it is a real deal.
No, it's real.
Class action lawsuit.
You know, they give the options, you know, you can remain a class member, and it says you need, you do not need to take any further action at this time,
you'll automatically remain a class member, and, uh, or you can exclude yourself, and do all that stuff.
It's, I've seen this a lot, like, I got one from 24 Hour Fitness one time, and I got like, it was crap, it was like,
ooh, you get three weeks free, it's like, I don't want to go back there.
Whoops, excuse me.
I'm having a lot of technical fail tonight, I apologize for that.
Well, I'm surprised, Rob, this episode's supposed to be squeaky clean.
I know, it's 4-9, it's really broken and dirty.
Alright, well since I already played a part of it, let me play it here.
I had no idea this was, uh, in the DVD, is this in the Tron Legacy DVD?
There's an ad for the new Commodore 64, I guess, that is coming out, because it's this whole Tron thing,
it talks about, you know, more colors and better sound and so forth, and then all of a sudden...
I didn't see that.
And we watched, like, a bunch of stuff.
And there's a whole Commodore computer coming out.
Now, we talked about this on the show before, that the Commodore 64 is being rebooted.
Maybe that was something special they did for you, I don't know.
It's probably like a TV commercial or something.
Perhaps, but this is still awesome.
CommodoreUSA.net, if you want to get it.
They are Commodore PCs.
The Commodore 64, the pricing is announced, that's what's made these big.
The Commodore 64 is going to start at $595 US dollars,
the VIC Pro will be $895 US dollars, and the VIC Slim will be $395 US dollars.
Now, it doesn't quite say exactly what all is coming with these.
Let me see if the website has more details on this.
It's an Intel Atom processor, so think Netbook.
Aw, that kind of sucks, if that's the case.
Okay, yay, you're showing me the damn preview again.
Let me see here, let me go to the site.
Think Netbook and think, you know, it's going to have an emulator for Commodore games on there.
Let's see, the classic recreated Commodore 64, one 12 volt DC jack,
one PS2 keyboard mouse connectors, one HDMI, one DVI-D, one VGA, four USB slots.
Go to the tech configurations.
Let's see, technology, processor, Intel Atom, oh boy.
What's 1.8 gigahertz?
I can guarantee you right there, those boards, because they're all integrated boards,
they go for about maybe $200 at the most.
That sucks, because I'll tell you what, I'm not even going to lie,
I really want one of these, because I love my Commodore 64,
and this is what they're selling it on to.
You can seriously build one of those cheaper than that.
I know, I know.
Yeah, the Realtek audio that's built in, the Ethernet's all built into the stupid board.
Do they even include anything else other than how much RAM was in it again?
Two DDR2s up to four gigs.
Two single channel slots, yeah.
DDR2, old slow ass RAM compared to nowadays stuff.
Let me see what's in that VIC Pro, because I guess there's the VIC Pro that's coming out as well.
See, but this doesn't have that same nostalgia factor for me.
See, that's a little bit different though. See, this one actually has a dual or quad core processor built into it.
So, that's a little bit better.
Intel dual or quad.
How big was the Commodore 64 keyboard? Was that pretty big?
Well, they were monsters because the computer was inside the keyboard.
So they were pretty big keyboards.
I don't understand why they can't fit a bigger, better computer in there.
Well, it's probably the price.
They're trying to, obviously they want to profit off these.
Yeah, but I mean, hell, when I was building my MAME cabinet stuff,
I mean, they're like dual core Intel chips.
It's like dual core 2.8 gigahertz chips with 2 gigs of RAM and decent hard drive and stuff.
And I built those under $200.
So, they can't do that?
I mean, and that's, you know, hell, you could probably find that stuff even cheaper.
Especially if you're like Commodore or somebody making a massive amount of computers.
I mean, you're not just a consumer like myself.
I don't know.
But, yeah, whatever. You're paying for nostalgia.
Maybe licensing for Commodore.
Alright.
Maybe having to remake those computers.
Well, probably it's nostalgia.
It's the original emulator.
They're trying to get some value out of that too.
You know, obviously they want to make a profit off it,
but they want to cash in on old folks like me who have the nostalgia going with the Commodore 64.
That's what it is.
Alright, let's go to the Skype line.
Every week we open up the Skype line.
Take your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR or use the name on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
The Skype line is open now.
We're going to have to wait a minute and a half for the chat room to hear that.
Well, we could also post in the chat room.
I'm going to do that right now.
Send call now.
Yeah.
Loki, go ahead and read us some last minute stories while I post that.
Sony has thought of a great idea for the PlayStation Move.
Hey, you know what sells more Move?
More iPad.
That's right.
There's an iPad sequel coming out because, you know, the first one wasn't terrible enough.
So this iPad sequel comes with Friends.
That's where you'll be able to have two players and two iPads at the same time.
You can be able to create your own content as well.
They're saying that, I guess, you can either raise one up by itself or raise them as a pair.
I mean, I'm sorry.
It was a neat idea at first when it was supposed to be for the PlayStation Eye, but it was pretty terrible when it came out.
I can't be too excited about that, unfortunately.
And then this is kind of interesting.
Remember how the PlayStation 1 emulator got removed from the Android Marketplace?
Well, not to be outdone by that.
The PSX for Droid application is back, and actually it's available now from the developer's website.
It says the original Sony complaint only had to do with the trademark logo that he had put on the app's icon.
But since then, I guess, Google has closed both his Android Market and Checkout accounts, so he's leaving him unable to publish any apps.
So he's self-publishing the app now.
So if you want to download the free app and then go find your ISOs, you can do that and avoid paying $7 per PlayStation 1 game.
God, I love that stuff.
And then finally, this is kind of cool.
Well, Evil Dead, they're making a game now for the iPhone and iPad.
It's going to be a 3D action shooter.
It's supposed to be coming out very soon, and it kind of features these chibi characters.
Chibi, Bruce Campbell, and it's supposed to be out for, I guess, $2.99 on the iPhone, $4.99 on the iPad, and 30 chapters, and I guess lots of stuff.
It looked like the movie, but very chibi.
And then I guess it's being developed by Trigger Apps, who's made a bunch of different movie-based games for the iPhone and Android, including The Karate Kid, Green Hornet, G.I. Joe, and Couples Retreat.
That Couples Retreat looked like a terrible movie.
No, it looks really terrible.
What's that?
The Guvenator.
Oh, God.
Seriously.
I saw you post that story, and I was like, no, we're not covering that.
I guess we are now, but that's alright.
It looks so terrible.
Why would you, why would they do this?
Apparently, Stan Lee is putting out a comic.
I guess Stan Lee has no cred anymore, because he's putting out the Guvenator now.
Way to ruin your reputation there, bud.
So they put out a comic, and of course they're doing a cartoon series, and apparently that cartoon series is going to become a movie, and possibly a game.
And Arnold Schwarzenegger is doing The Voice, and I don't get it.
It looks stupid.
It looks so cheesy.
But that's what they're doing.
That's the best idea.
Gosh, our Skype line is really lagged tonight, and it's making me sad, but we're talking in the chat room about Commodore 64.
Because Ziba in our chat room is saying, you know, it just emulates the games, and there's nothing like having an original Commodore 64 play the games.
I'm like, you know what, you're right.
I need to just go find an original Commodore 64 that still works.
There might be one in my parents' garage, actually.
I don't know if the damn thing would still work.
But yeah, it just had me reminiscing.
Seriously, I want to go back and play Dragon's Lair 2 on the Commodore 64 so bad.
It's one of my favorite soundtracks ever, and I know I've brought this up on the show before.
But it was not the actual Dragon's Lair 2 that was the arcade game.
This was called Escape from Singe's Castle.
I think I brought this up when Dark Sakura did this as the classic game of the week once, but one of my favorite soundtracks ever on the Commodore 64.
It was Escape from Singe's Castle. It was like the second half of the scenes.
But the thing about the Commodore 64 version of Dragon's Lair is that it wasn't, like they couldn't make the laserdisc, obviously.
So they had to make little mini-games out of all the scenes.
So like this one was a rowing game where you had to push the joystick in the direction that the tide was going.
So it was like a reaction type thing.
But then one of the coolest stages, the coolest music is the, um, yes, this one with the balls in the tunnel.
And he had to jump over the holes in the floor.
And he had to, it was a very tricky balance.
You can see how he keeps moving forward slightly.
It's because if you let it keep going, he'll just fall off the back.
And he slips and falls.
And then there's some random scenes that are inspired by the actual arcade game.
Let me see if I can get to one of those.
See like this is, the hand's coming up so he has to jump left. Things like that.
This arcade, this was like one of my favorite Commodore 64 games. It was so awesome.
Anyhow, just taking a trip down memory lane. That's all.
Any other last minute stories while no one calls?
Um, yeah.
I like to party.
There's a new, um, new indie game coming out on the Xbox marketplace called Avatar Legends.
It's going to be a role playing game, I guess by the developer Barker's Crest.
And it actually looks kind of cool.
It's going to be a 10 hour single player game. Co-op and multiplayer for up to six people.
A level and quest editor.
And you can create missions to share with your friends.
But you also, you play as your avatar.
And you actually get full control over them and stuff.
So that kind of looks neat.
And, um, I guess this says you can even drop people from your friends list into the game's NPC and set up, I guess, like different multiplayer and stuff.
Who the hell's calling me? Who's calling you? Don't they know you have a show?
Unless it's the wife.
My wife.
Uh oh.
Alright, so Loki's taking a phone call. And we're not. So...
I'm going to the Mii festival on Saturday.
What's the Mii festival?
Sakura Matsuri.
Ah, what goes on at the Sakura Matsuri festival?
It's where everyone has a parade in my honor.
Oh really?
Yeah, not really.
No, I don't think that's why they're doing the parade.
It's because the cherry blossoms are in bloom.
Okay, is everything okay?
Yeah, apparently. She's like, I'm going to call you back and leave a message.
Oh, okay. Phew.
I thought, she's never called during the show before. And I was like, oh, emergency. So, but I guess it's not that bad.
Oh no, the baby have started to move.
That could be it. Maybe the baby's getting a little more mobile. Who knows?
How are things going with the baby?
Uh, he's doing okay. He's wiggly.
Wants to roll around and not sleep. And he acts like he's teething, but there's nothing really coming in.
So, I don't know. We took him to the park today.
And uh, that's pretty much it.
Alright, we're finally getting some calls. Let's go to the phone and take them. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hi, guys. This is DDR.Bill.
Wow, he's really quiet. Is it just, let me check your levels. I don't know if it's just here in the studio.
How are you doing, DDR.Bill?
Oh, doing alright. Just figured I'd give a call and say hi.
Hi. You are kind of quiet, but I think we can deal. You're not like, unhearable. What's up? What's on your mind?
Uh, nothing. I was trying to find a topic to talk about because I didn't want to call and turn into a bitchfest about Killer Instinct because I absolutely hated that game with that furious passion.
Hey, you know what? It's where every gamer has a voice, so some of us like Killer Instinct. Why do you hate Killer Instinct?
This was back when I started developing a real hatred of fighting games, especially with something like Killer Instinct where it was just memorizing bullshit amount of combos to the point of where my physics exam was easier than Killer Instinct.
But what about the whole, and I don't know if this is just Killer Instinct 2, but I thought Killer Instinct 1 had this too, where if you kind of just knew like the basics, like you know, the cross, the X pattern, and you know, you could do some pretty decent combos just knowing the patterns.
Like it wasn't like Mortal Kombat, dude. Like Mortal Kombat 3, you really had to memorize combos in order to get through that game. You know what I mean?
Like it was to the point where when I fired up Mortal Kombat 3 on Xbox last week, I still remembered like a seven-hit cabal combo just because I had to memorize it like 10 years ago, you know?
Yeah, for Mortal Kombat 3, I'll agree with that because I've only memorized one character, and that was Sindel.
Dude, Sindel was awesome. Yes, it was like low kick, low kick, high punch, high punch, uppercut. Yeah, I used to know all the stuff for Sindel too. She was awesome.
Yeah, and that was the only count I played. I was like, eh, whatever.
They had some really dopey fatalities in Mortal Kombat 3 though. Like it wasn't one of her fatalities where like she whips them in her, like she literally whips her hair back and forth.
Like she whips them up in a little like ice cream cone looking thing and then whips her hair back and it just, it unravels the body and all the bones go flying. Like it's really stupid.
Like Mortal Kombat 3 was when it got really cartoony, you know what I mean?
Yeah, especially when her second one was when she screamed and your skin just came off. I was like, okay.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, but there's also, the thing also was that this came out also the same time around as the Virtua Fighter series coming out.
And Virtua Fighter, what I loved about that over things like Killer Instinct and even Street Fighter was it just felt more natural to play. Like it just, everything felt better at the time.
Like I really felt like I was actually, for the time I felt like, oh wow, my moves actually carried out. It made sense, not just memorizing combos and X, Y, Z, magic pattern, whatever.
Right.
You know, that's why I kind of had a really big dislike for it.
That and I got into a fistfight over some jackass in my college who, there was a whole stupid argument about it and I ended up punching him.
You got into a fistfight over this?
Yeah, cause he was like, he got to remember also that this kid was acting all bullshit gangster.
In other words, he had it coming.
I was like shut up and back and forth and then she just like punched him and walked away.
Wow, have you ever gotten in a physical altercation over a video game? Dark Soccer, have you ever punched some bitch over a video game?
I punched my brother.
Did you really?
Yeah, cause we were playing Super Street Fighter IV, not four, why am I saying four, Super Street Fighter II.
When my brothers were still younger and he totally, totally, totally tried to grab my controller so I punched him.
Wow.
Oh damn.
Well you know, it's the bitch let go of my controller.
But you've never punched another girl over a video game?
I didn't know any other girls that played.
And then you hit them with pillows and then rub your boobies together.
No, I always played with dudes.
Oh okay.
But I punched them too.
And they thought it was funny.
I've always thought my coworkers are gonna do that to me during Grand Theft Auto cause I really piss them off when I play with them.
But uh, no.
Yeah, I don't think I've ever gotten in a physical altercation over a video game. Like I think, you know, I've thrown controllers and I've probably thrown controllers at people.
Well my mother tried to take away my Nintendo once.
Oh god, I love this story.
And then she was gonna, gonna spank me because I uh, I got it out of the closet until I reminded her that she didn't buy it for me and that it was theft.
Whoops.
I was, no, I was seriously a little hellion.
Mother, there is condensation on the window.
That's my favorite story your mother told.
When I was three.
I just had a good vocabulary.
Okay.
So did I. I don't feel bad.
Sorry, I think we got off track a little bit DDR dollar bill.
Somehow we went to fist fight to condensation on the windows. That's okay.
It's alright.
And then the second thing also what got me, what I also wanted to talk about was that you were talking about the love of Commodore 64 games.
Yes.
That actually what got me started into emulation because I never actually played a Commodore until they actually started emulating the games, you know, I'd say the mid 90s.
Mmhmm.
And that's when I really started getting into it and the strangest thing was I actually was collecting magazines from England about Commodore games.
Well cause the Commodore 64 was huge over there. I mean I would like to think it was pretty big in the US but it was huge in the UK. Huge.
Oh definitely. The two magazines were The Games Machine and Zzap! 64.
Mmhmm.
And it was through those magazines that I actually downloaded a few games and that's when I found two of my all time favorite freaking soundtracks as you were saying.
Like you said Dragon Slayer Escape Ninja Slave was a good soundtrack and I'm agreeing with that one. It was really cool.
Uh huh. What else though?
But my favorite all time? Last Ninja 2.
Dude the last Ninja, those were some awesome games. Yeah.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
The second one though the music was just oh my god phenomenal.
Let's see if we can get some of the music here from this game. I don't know if we, this is some game play video so I don't know how much, I can't remember how much soundtrack was in the actual game. Let's see if we can get to here.
The first one was my favorite, Central Park, the first level. That was really good.
Okay let's see what we can do here.
Trying to play some of the music here from it.
Nah this thing's like muted or something.
Oh damn.
Well there's Amiga, let's see this Amiga version here. Let's see.
That's a different, that sounds a lot different.
Yeah that's the Amiga version. Hold on let me see if we have the Commodore 64 one.
Commodore 64 long play part one.
Here we go.
Ah yes, this is what I remember too.
Let's fast forward a little bit.
There's like a whole cinematic opening.
Oh this is The Last Ninja 3. My bad.
Oh, I'm trying to be actually. I'm trying one too.
Same type of thing though. Yeah they all had epic soundtracks though.
Oh definitely.
Awesome.
I actually grabbed someone, there was a group, I think it was Puffy64.
That actually remixed the soundtrack from the second one and added some rock in it.
I was like, I used that as my wrestling theme now for SmackDown vs Raw.
So you said there's one other Commodore 64 game you had a great soundtrack?
Usagi Yojimbo.
I don't even know this one.
That's like from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles right?
Yes, they actually had a game for it.
Cool. I liked that character. I liked that he actually did a separate comic for him.
Let's see, there actually is a video here on the YouTubes.
Oh, this is the rabbit samurai thing.
Yeah, Usagi Yojimbo.
Oh, got it.
I love this song.
There you go. Alright, very cool.
People are still using Commodore 64s to make music, it's awesome.
I know, and it's like when you think about the way, the fact that it has about, it's supposedly about the same hardware I'm going to say as Nintendo, but they did a lot more than music, it just blows my mind apart.
Absolutely.
Alright, well, DDR Dollar Bill, we're going to let you go to try to take at least one more call here, but have a good one, okay buddy?
You too, thanks a lot guys.
Alright, thanks for the reminiscing of the Commodore 64 classics, and don't get into any more fistfights over a game.
I'll try not to.
Alright, later.
Wow, you know, I believe that the kids fought over video games a long time ago, but I don't remember.
You know, I played a lot of Street Fighter in the arcade, but I don't remember ever getting into a fistfight over it.
I remember a lot of trash talking.
Alright, any other last minute stories that we got going on tonight?
No.
Oh shit. Uh oh.
Huh?
I'm out of things to talk about.
Call us people, dammit!
Well, it's a minute and a half delay, so I posted it in chat, but it's going to take time before somebody gets through here.
We're going to need to have like a list of things to talk about when the phones are dead, or something.
Well, I've been doing a little bit of research, Rob, while we've been waiting for calls.
And if, did we get a call yesterday?
Yes, we got a call, so thank god. We'll come back to your thought, though, after this.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Ziba!
Ziba! How are you, my friend?
I'm doing good. I heard you guys talk about Commodore 64 a lot. I just wanted to give an update.
Of course we were, because it's awesome.
Remember when I called, I think it was before Christmas, or after Christmas or something, and I said I bought my boyfriend a Commodore 64?
Yes, yes I do, because I remember telling you you were like the best girlfriend ever for doing that. Yes, I do.
And then you guys told me I should look for something that will allow me to kind of use a flash card almost to play some games and do some stuff, but I actually did find something.
Oh, what did you find?
It's called UIEC. It's actually a, I guess this little SD card holder, and you actually hook it up to where the floppy drive hooks up to in the back of the Commodore.
And then you're actually able to put an SD card in it and save, just like a floppy drive.
Oh my god, that sounds awesome!
And it actually comes with its own firmware and all this stuff, and you can go online and get the hacked ROMs or whatever, the games, and you actually can put it on there and play them.
But it's really hard because it's really hard to find ones that actually work, because like you said, the Commodore 64 was really big in the UK and all those places in Europe, because it still is.
It still is? You know, I believe it.
There's actually conventions in Europe that actually, there's a lot of demo scenes now that people are still coding on this thing and making their own little demo scenes.
And some people do some really awesome stuff, and I've been trying to download some and play them, because you can do that too, but you can't play PAL demo scenes on a US Commodore.
So I'm actually thinking about getting a PAL Commodore 64 just so I can play games in the right speed, because you can still play PAL games, but they play really fast because of the Hertz difference and stuff, whatever.
But we're really enjoying it. My boyfriend has been coding and experimenting, and I just bought a joystick and I've been trying to play some games.
But we're still loving it, even today.
So what's one of the games on the Commodore 64 that you enjoy right now?
Cybernoid 2.
I remember Cybernoid. They made an NES port of the original one, and it's not as good as the Commodore 64 one, to be honest.
I really like the music and just, you know, shooting little, like, I don't even know what the monsters are called, because they're just like these little, I don't know, blobs.
But it's really fun. I really like it.
Let's see, I got a little bit of the gameplay here of Cybernoid 2.
This game was hard, too.
But there's lots of cheats that it came with, so you can still play with it, but it's really fun.
You know why the Commodore 64 was so awesome is because it was a little bit ahead of its time in the fact that you could hook it up to a TV.
And so a lot of you didn't have to buy a separate monitor for it, and I think that was part of what really drove it, is that it was kind of like a gaming console computer.
I mean, oh god, whenever I think of the 80s, I think of my Commodore 64, and just like, having that made me the nerd I am.
It really did.
We actually did have a hard time hooking up to TVs in here.
First, I was trying to use a Nintendo RF adapter, which didn't work very well.
So then I went online and I bought some cables, and it worked, but it was all black and white.
So I was going crazy trying to find something.
Finally, I went to Radio Shack and I got this adapter, and this little small adapter that allowed me to put a cable wire in it, and then hook it up to the TV that way.
But even, I was reading online, people were having lots of trouble putting it on a LCD TV because of the difference.
Oh sure.
I guess, yeah, since the TVs are new.
Oh sure, I bet.
You know, and the old, from what I remember, I actually had a Commodore 64 monitor, and what I remember of those cables, they were a little different because there were two video cable inputs and one audio.
And most RCA, the red, yellow, white, are two audio and one video.
And I think that's why a lot of people get black and white when they try to hook it up, is because of that.
So, yeah, but I guess, I'm sure with this still being popular to develop today, people are figuring it out, you know?
So, alright.
Alright, well thank you so much for the call, Ziba.
No problem.
Is there anything else you want to get out there before we let you go so we can get more calls?
No, that's it.
Alright, take care my friend.
Alright, bye bye.
Bye.
Alright, I guess we'll let there be one more call here before we wrap things up.
I'm excited to chat again to see if that will work.
Meanwhile, while we wait for that to come in, DarkSakura, what were we talking about a minute ago?
You were gonna...
I'm actually...
Oh, your project.
Yeah, I'm actually looking into logic board replacement.
Really?
Yeah, because you can't replace the processor because it's soldered into the logic board.
But you can replace the logic board with the processor on it.
So, I'm actually now... my goal is to still get the, you know, OSX working and everything.
But this is actually turning out to be a little bit more fun than I thought it was gonna be.
Because I can actually get a new logic board for about 100 bucks.
Alright, let's go to the phones. We have another call coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey guys.
Hey.
I just know who it is.
This is DDR Angel, isn't it?
Hi.
Holy moly, I haven't heard from you in forever.
Well, I mean, I've seen you on Twitter and all that, some Facebook and all that.
But I mean, having you on OLR, this is like old school.
I remember, wasn't the first episode you ever came to of OLR episode 20?
I think it was.
Something like that.
Or like 22.
It was really... it was when OLR expanded from a two-hour show to a three-hour show officially.
I remember that.
Actually, it was when you were in that big house. I don't remember.
That was like 2003 or something.
It was a long time ago.
I think we've had like seven different studios since then.
Yeah, that was when I lived with a guy named Brian.
That was many years ago.
Yes.
Ten years ago.
Yep.
Crazy stuff.
I just called because the Skype line was open.
I didn't really have anything I wanted to say.
Well, you're lucky.
It's funny because now that people realize it's open, we're getting hammered with like five people all at once.
And I feel bad because some people can't get through.
But we'll see.
Well, DDR Angel, I know you didn't have a whole lot. You just want to kind of say hi.
But for those that are new to OLR, believe it or not, we're still here, as you can hear.
And we have a lot of people that we've picked up since the podcasting era.
When we switched to podcasting, we gained a whole lot of new listeners because you didn't have to be here live Sunday every week to listen.
But I know you've been listening to tonight's show.
What's kind of different about OLR than the way it used to be?
Well, to me, there's a lot of old stuff that's still there.
So, you know, the main part of the show is still there.
And I didn't see too much of a difference.
But, I mean, you guys do have, you know, a lot of other segments and stuff that you add in.
So it's just old LRR still being there.
But, you know, you just have your new segments too, which I like.
So it's all good. I mean, I don't know.
Awesome.
Well, anything else about the olden OLR days you want to enlighten these new kids with?
Cake pie. No, wait. You guys already did that.
Old school jokes.
We were joking about all that old stuff earlier.
Yeah.
So now, for those that are kind of catching up on lost time, you know, you used to come to the show as a guest quite often.
Yes.
Now, I remember you used to play a game called Here? Was that what it was called?
Oh, There.
There.
Yeah.
Very close.
Close. Very close.
Are you still involved?
They had to shut down.
Yeah, they had to shut down. Right. I remember that.
So sadly you're not. But you were with them right up until the very end, right?
Yes.
Awesome.
Gotcha. Gotcha.
And I believe you got married since the last time you were here?
Yeah, I did actually.
Somebody from the Balmany community a long time ago that used to come into the chat room by the name of Ohio BRP Balmany or whatever.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I don't remember his name actually.
Big Red Pimp?
Yes, Big Red Pimp.
It was a long time ago. There you go.
So you guys actually ended up getting married?
Yep.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Are you still here in California? You moved out to Ohio, didn't you?
No, I didn't. No, no. I'm still in California.
No, he moved here.
I'm in Sonoma County actually.
Oh, you're still there?
Yeah, I'm still here. You can come by anytime, guys.
I might have to. That's awesome. I thought for some reason you went to Ohio for a bit.
Oh, no, no, no, no. He's just from here. He moved here.
Oh, okay. Got it. See, I'm a little bit behind on the times too.
No, it's all good.
All right, but you have a blog. I know you have a blog.
I do.
Do you want to pimp it real quick?
It has nothing to do with gaming.
That's all right. Why don't you go ahead and pimp your blog and I'll try to get one more call.
Sure. You guys can check it out at theecomaker.com.
I can type it in the chat room so that you guys can put it on the site or the notes or whatever you want to do.
And what will people find at theecomaker.com?
Pretty much anything to do with making your own cleaning products to making dinner for dinner ideas and such too.
It's a very homely site.
Yes, yes, it is.
All right. Welcome back.
But it also saves you money as well, so it kind of works out.
Welcome back and I'm really glad you decided to stop by tonight. It's always nice to see Blast From the Past.
Yeah, no problem. And hopefully I can check out our show at some point. I don't know. We'll have to talk about that.
Awesome. All right, well you take care and all the best to the hubby as well and you guys take care.
Definitely. You guys take care too.
All right. Bye.
Bye.
That was nice to hear from Blast From the Past.
Yep.
We've been doing this show a long fucking time, you know that?
Yeah, a long time.
But hey, we're going to make it to ten.
You know what? What the hell? One more call. Why not? We had a short news segment tonight.
We'll open up one more time. Just because our phones were getting slammed there a minute ago.
So we'll open it up one more time for you guys. 1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
The phone lines are open.
But of course this means while I wait for the little delay there, I have to think of another banter topic with Dark Sakura.
I'm nearly... I'm excited, Rob.
How so? With your project?
Yeah. Thank you for making this possible.
You're welcome.
Well, I was just collecting dust at your place anyway.
Yeah, it's true. No, the old laptop.
You know, it's amazing the stuff I'm finding while I'm going through and unpacking this.
I found an old picture of you.
Of me.
And Melody taping an episode of Under Sedation Live in Travis's old backyard.
Oh.
An old, old picture.
Melody all huddled together looking cute during... I remember this too. Travis did.
Yeah.
He did like a backyard episode of Under Sedation Live. I don't remember what the shtick was.
You'll have to bring it over.
There's always some shtick with Travis. I love him, but there's always some shtick.
And this is the backyard episode shtick.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, I found that. I found one of all of us on a DDR machine.
It was me, you, Irene. The guy Irene was dating at the time.
So she probably don't want to see that picture.
You and I... Who else was in it? I think one other person was all in the picture.
Maybe Brad?
Oh, Bradley? No.
Not Bradley. Brad.
Yeah, I think he's in it. Hence the crazy person that Irene was dating at the time.
Yeah.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't remember what else. Somebody else I think was in that picture.
He was our Mighty Mormon Power Ranger.
Let's see. What else did I find when I was moving?
Let me know if you find the install disks.
For what? The laptop?
Yeah.
I doubt I'll find that.
You know I'm being silly.
I know.
I want to see the old pictures.
I will find those pictures and I will get them to you.
All right, finally the calls are coming in. The delay caught up.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
I made it in. Wow, you guys are like trying to call Britney Spears on a Friday night or something.
It's great. It feels special.
This is Derek H. Derek from Virginia Beach, Virginia.
Derek, how are you? Of course I recognize your voice the minute I picked up. How are you, my friend?
Eh, you know, it's this and that.
The important thing is the Commodore 64, I had one. I loved it.
I started with a VIC-20, went all the way up to an Amiga 1200.
0306060 for those in the know. I'm sorry, 0304040.
You stuck with Commodore for a very long time because the Amigas were like the last big hurrahs for them.
Yeah, that was sad because if you had an Amiga, you were the type of person that believed.
And I mean like you believed that one day everybody else would wake up and everybody would be using Amigas.
And you will be vindicated for all your years of, yeah, that never happened.
Amigas were kind of the max of their time, which is ironic because max were out at the same time.
But you know how people pay the premiums for the Apple products these days?
Amiga was kind of like that back in the day, in a way.
You know what has happened to Mac? That's what Amiga people thought were going to happen for Amiga.
It had it all.
If only they had cellular phones when Commodore was big. Maybe they could have been the ones to think of it first.
That Amiga was so great. But the Commodore 64, I guess, is what we're talking about.
The Amiga was kick-ass. You said you were thinking about going to get one. Yeah, don't do that.
Why? Are they all in terrible shape?
Stick with the emulation because once you get one, it's like all of a sudden everything rushes back to you.
Except it rushes back to you in present day because computers now are literally two to three thousand times faster than the Commodore 64.
That's not even an exaggeration. Like, a thousand times faster than that thing.
Yeah, the 64 was for what? 64K of memory that was in that thing?
64K. I have more memory on one web page.
Exactly. Yep.
Good Lord.
Games, you think they're going to play right, but they don't because back then you expected the lag.
When you move the joystick, you expected a half second or second thing before something moved on the screen.
Nowadays, if that happens, you're like, what the hell is wrong with this thing? What's wrong?
And then you'll fall out of love with the Commodore. Remember the Commodore 64 as it is. As it was, not as it is.
This happens a lot in gaming. You know, things are better through those retro colored glasses.
Or, you know, they say the rose colored glasses, but the retro colored glasses, sometimes I think we remember gaming better that way.
And I just mentioned this earlier in the show, the X-Men arcade game that's on Xbox Live.
I love the X-Men arcade game, but then when I downloaded it on Xbox Live, I was like, what is this crap that I used to love? You know?
What the hell is going on here?
And my favorite game of all time, you guys are talking about favorite games too.
My favorite game of all time is not just my favorite game of all time, it is the greatest game of all time. Period. End of story.
And that is Elite.
Elite?
Elite is insanely good. And for what they stuck on that 64K and that floppy disk, which I think held like 150K or something, some stupid low number.
It had more worlds on Elite than Mass Effect 1, Mass Effect 2, all of the Wing Commanders combined.
You got Jamie's husband, Dan, up from the couch to come in here to say and agree with you that Elite was awesome, just so you know.
All the stuff that people say you can do is like, oh, it's an open world. If you want to do this, if you want to be a rogue, be a rogue.
Elite had that, except it was 25 years ago on a Commodore 64. You can literally say, I'm just gonna spend the rest of my life just moving corn back and forth between these two planets.
Or I'm just gonna be a policeman and hang out and just kill bad guys while they're trying to run.
Or you can beat anything in that game thousands of years before Grand Theft Auto 4 came around.
Or Star Wars Galaxies Old School of the Jedis thing.
You know, I think the Mass Effect comparison is a pretty good one with Elite. It was like a space game, right?
Yeah, you could pick your own ship, you could outfit your ship, they had tribbles in it.
I don't want to play the game, but I can't play it because it's on the freaking Commodore 64 and it's gonna suck if I play it now.
You have to remember it how it was, Derek. You have to remember it how it was.
The original SimCity was on the Commodore 64, and of course that game's blown up a million times over.
What was another great Commodore 64 game? I remember Spy vs. Spy was one of my favorites.
Little Computer People is The Sims.
Oh yes, Little Computer People. Oh god, Mule, M-U-L-E, was a huge game.
That's just a lot of economics in games kind of gets its cue from Mule.
Good times, Derek, good times.
Hey, I have to ask you this because, you know, if we both kind of grew up on Commodore,
did you ever used to type in the programs that were in the back of magazines?
Of course. Video games and computer entertainment had a little thing I would sit there and type it in.
And here's the sad part. I did not get a break of 1541 for like a year because we were poor.
And I still thank my mom because now I don't know how she got me that Commodore 64 because we were poor and she got me one.
So I thank her every day for getting me started on this.
But it took her a while before I got to 1541.
So I would sit there and type those programs in and tell everybody not to come near my computer
and I'll put a pillow over top of it and hide it so nobody would turn it off because once you turn it off, it's gone.
There's no flash ram saving stuff.
You didn't have a drive to save on?
Save. And plus when I first got it, I typed load and load didn't work.
You had to type load comma eight comma one.
Yeah.
It took me a while to figure it out. I was like, this thing is broke, mom.
It don't work.
And I knew she wasn't, but I knew if she took it back, she wasn't replacing it.
She was taking it back and getting her money and I would never see that again.
So I would just, I would cry without getting it working.
But you know what? You stuck with it and maybe it taught you a lesson.
Yeah.
It taught me not to believe in miracles.
Speaking of believing in miracles, I have to ask this.
Obviously, a lot of people on the All Games Network know you from your show, Dead Pixel Live.
I know you're on a little bit of a siesta right now,
enjoying your Mai Tais on the beach while you're taking a break from Dead Pixel Live.
But any chance of a revival in the future?
All I can say now is Dead Pixel Live is currently on hiatus.
I have found out, as you guys may or may not know, I'm sure you do know,
this thing kind of fills a hole in your life.
Yeah.
And without it, all of a sudden you realize, like, I miss a lot of,
I kind of want to do my show again, but I guess that maybe I should get out more.
But I really want to do my show.
It's like, it's good that it was there, but the fact, I don't know,
it's all psychological stuff done working.
I really don't know what I'd do with my Sunday nights without OLR.
I'd probably be watching Desperate Housewives and that's just sad.
I know what I would do. I would play more Dragon Age 2.
Not now, but all right.
Then you'd be like, I want to tell somebody about Dragon Age 2.
I remember when I had a show and it was a lot of fun.
Actually, I'd probably just do another show.
Oh, listen to how she is. I would just do a show without you guys.
No, I couldn't do it without you guys.
Maybe with Tiara.
All right. Well, Derek, best of luck in whatever it is you do.
And thanks so much for the call and taking a trip down memory lane with us.
Hey, thanks. Hey, Amiga forever.
That's right. Take care, buddy.
All right. That's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Those are some good calls. See, it was worth waiting for.
Even though, and some folks still didn't get through.
I'm so sorry. We had more people beeping us.
The phones were lighting up. Send us an email.
We had two emails and a lit up phone line.
What's wrong with this picture?
Not one, but two.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com. Send us your thoughts in email.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio,
but not until we go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, we'll start with you tonight. Your final thought?
Designing a free-running course is hard.
My final thought is I still have kitchenware to pack. Joy.
Dark Sakura, your final thought?
I wonder what my hair was like in that picture.
Was it long?
I think so.
It was when I had long, really kind of crabby, bushy hair that was five to six shades of red.
Yes.
Yeah.
Good times.
But I have much better hair these days.
If you guys like what you hear here at Orange Lounge Radio, tell some friends about the show.
Word of mouth is all we got to promote the show.
Leave us a nice reveal on iTunes. That always works as well.
Or wherever it is that you choose to check out your podcast.
We really appreciate you guys sticking with us every week.
We'll be back to do it all again next week. Sound good?
Yeah.
And we will see you next time here at Orange Lounge Radio for episode 410 in two weeks.
I'm sorry, not next week. We are off next week.
So, we'll be back in two weeks.
But remember, Jamie wants Portal 2 for PS3.
And when we come back in two weeks, Portal will be out.
Mortal Kombat will be out. We'll have tons of stuff to talk about.
And I'll thank whoever got me Portal 2.
It's going to be a busy show in a couple weeks.
So, enjoy the week off, everybody.
We'll be back in two weeks with another edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
