DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki Tonight, April 3rd, 2011, two high-profile games are outright cancelled, the 3DS breaks records in its first week, and is the Xbox Live Indie Game Store being manipulated?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
It is episode number 408 for this April the 3rd of 2011.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Fwee.
How are you?
Fwee.
Fwee?
I'm actually full.
I'm actually full.
Full?
I made a delicious... Full of crap.
Uh-uh.
No, that's Shermie.
I'm... I had a delicious meal that I cooked myself.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So I poured the chocolate batter into a cake pan, and then put some giant chocolate chips on it, and then baked the whole thing.
And it tasted delicious.
I don't know about you guys, I'd still eat that, even though it's a cake of failure.
It was delicious, delicious fail.
Alright.
A host not full of fail, say hello to the one and only Techmaster Loki!
Hello, how's it going?
I'm good.
How are you, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
All right, except we are... Why are we not hearing you very well tonight?
I don't know.
Why aren't you hearing me tonight?
I think we're hearing you.
You're just really quiet.
I'm really quiet?
Yeah, you're good now.
Sorry.
I think we have to keep you kind of low because when the Nintendo topics come up, you'll get a little louder!
I'm not louder, I'm more opinionated You're passionate I am passionate, come on It's like, I don't know It's just stupid people doing stupid things Alright, we've got a lot of interesting news stories tonight Kind of along those lines We'll get to those in just a little bit But first, let's say hello to a guest here in studio tonight Back again this week Say hello to Salacious Pop What up?
How you doing, Salacious Pop?
Good Good, how has life been treating you lately?
I've been really busy.
Yeah?
What's been going on?
Preparing for a move.
Yeah?
You moving?
Yeah.
You moving in with Jamie?
She's really lonely this week.
Yeah.
Alright.
It's the vault.
I'm just going to stay in the vault.
Awesome.
I don't even get to play anything.
I just get to look at stuff.
It's awesome.
Now, we missed April Fool's this year because the show's tonight's on the 3rd, but you were mentioning a really good April Fool's joke you thought we should have done.
Well, I can't talk about it or else I can't do it next year.
Oh, yeah, we gotta do it next year, I guess.
Okay, it's really good, y'all.
It was basically like OLR episode three coming, like from the vault of 1982 where the news stories are like, yeah, I'm really looking forward to that E.T.
game on the Atari 2600.
It's gonna be great.
The only thing about that is it's kind of close to what YouTube did.
So it'll be better next year.
Yeah.
Next year, y'all forget.
It's a little too close to Flugelhorn Feline, which, by the way, was the best April Fool's joke on the web, just so you know.
Alright, anyhow Well, by the way, Rob, it's not a rumor Now, see, oh Okay, before we went live tonight See, now I have to talk about all this Because you brought it up Okay, before we went live tonight Bobby was abbreviated tonight So we went live a little bit early Just kind of BSing with the live listeners And doing some music And one of the topics that came up before the show Was the Wachowski brothers And they did The Matrix And there's these rumors or something going around That one of them had a sex change
Larry is now Lana.
But now see the chat room, Tiger Klausner chat room, which by the way, hi chat room, chat.orange.com saying that's not true.
It's on IMDB.
Is it?
Yeah.
Huh?
Credited in IMDB.
I thought some producer said it wasn't true, IDK.
Well, I mean, you know.
All right, there you go.
If it's on IMDB, I guess it's true.
You know what?
The Matrix 2 and 3 still sucked.
Boy or girl directing.
Yes.
All right.
Let's talk about video games.
Of course, we do that here on the show.
Chat.OrangeLaunchRadio.com if you're listening to us live on this Sunday night at All Games Radio.
We do tape live at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Blackwolf show at AllGames.com.
So join us in our chat room.
To get to the chat room, chat.OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
Have I plugged all the websites?
I believe so.
Twitter, OLR, Facebook, Orange Lines Radio, etc, etc Now we can talk about games Hi DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I played a lot of Dragon Age 2 I borrowed it from my friend's husband Well, he's my friend too, but I borrowed his game And it's really fun And I'm kind of hooked And I played some WoW And some Final Fantasy 3 And then I looked at games at Fries with you two
Yes, that was it.
We went shopping last night and not for shoes.
I didn't buy anything.
I know.
It's kind of sad to go to a huge electronic stores like Fry's, which I don't think they have those everywhere.
I think just on the West Coast.
So Fry's is just like it's an Uber electronic store.
I think they're spread around.
Yeah, there might be a few in other places.
But yeah, it's an Uber electronic store.
Huge games section, huge computer section.
We went in there, looked around, didn't buy anything.
It's kind of sad.
Their PSP section amazed me.
That still exists.
Well, there's still a lot of good stuff coming on the PSP.
The UMDs.
Yeah, the UMDs were what impressed me, too, that they're still really supporting them.
$10 for most of them.
Because they got them really cheap, I'm sure.
I guess so.
I don't know.
You know, there's only one company still supporting UMD, and that's Sony.
Of course.
I don't remember the last movie.
I want to say 2012 was one of the last movies to come out for it.
Because they are kick-ass, whatever came out last year.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Castlevania Lords of Shadow Castlevania Lords of Shadow Castlevania Lords of Shadow
I hate fucking going to visit you in Fries
Alright, anyhow, Loki, wait, wait, I want to go back to DarkSakura and talk more about Dragon Age 2 because I haven't played the game.
So, you're enjoying Dragon Age 2?
Yes, it has Eve Miles doing a voice.
For anyone who does not know, she was Gwen on Torchwood.
Now, you didn't really play the first game, right?
No.
And you're doing okay with the second game?
Yeah, just fine.
What is it that you like so much about it?
Lesbians.
What?
DarkSakura.com
and uh but they they've already had like love chat and then there's this one guy who is hitting on my character I was like no you're gross but he was apparently from an earlier game he's the one that you give him a cat called Sir Pounce a lot I guess he was talking about his cat and then there's Isabella who's according to Tiara she's a slut she can sleep with her a bunch uh-huh
And then she's like, oh, it's just sex.
So I'm like, I haven't gotten to any fun part, though.
I mean, I've done a lot of... I really like this game, but it's not fun.
No.
It's kind of what I just heard.
It's just me.
I've done a lot of killing, which is great.
And I've got it in extra gore mode.
So they're covered in blood when you're done with a fight.
Like splattered on their face.
And then I was like, that's awesome.
Okay, gore and lesbians, got it.
This game really isn't fun.
I'm just here for the pussy.
and Gore.
It actually is really fun.
It's just I'm still in the first act.
Okay, you're like in the grind or something, right?
Yeah.
Trying to grind out that pussy.
Well, some elven cooch.
Say no more.
What's the battle system like?
It's not like a Final Fantasy RPG, right?
It's more like a... No, it's like you run down the stairs.
Oh no, there's people there.
And one of your party comments about how there shouldn't be people on the street after dark.
And then you have to kill them.
and there's blood everywhere and you occasionally they're like highwaymen and things and you can go outside of the town to certain areas and you'll find like piles of bones and you can dig through them for loot it's really great though I mean it's just and okay I guess this so now you're talking about touching bones in your quest for pussy my quest for pussy
No, it's... There's also... You know, you can go through people's stuff, and right now I'm actually trying to build up my character so I can get the lockpicking.
So I can open locked trunks and stuff and steal people's stuff.
And... What else was I doing?
I'm doing a lot of the side quests too so I can level up before I get to the big thing.
But there's somewhere else that I need to go to get some dude named Fenris who was, I think, in one of the last games.
No, it's going to be a three-way.
Well, no, I don't know.
Okay, Meryl is my fangirlism because I adore Eve Miles.
She's very cool.
And Welsh accents to me are hot.
Really hot.
so apparently though and I don't the elves that live outside are all Welsh the elves and humans that live in the town are all British and dwarves are American is what I'm getting so far
Whereas, you know, don't we usually have dwarves being Scottish?
Well, if you play WoW a lot, yeah, dwarves are Scottish.
Or, you know, Lord of the Rings.
Well, no, he sounded vaguely... He sounded Welsh.
Alright, well, you think you'll play Dragon Age 2 through to completion?
Yeah.
All right, that's good.
It's always good to finish.
I'll take pictures of the lesbian scene.
All right, please do.
All right, let's move on over to Loki.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was okay.
I played Motorstorm Apocalypse through rookie mode now, and I think most of the way through pro mode, although...
All the races have been somewhat difficult up until now, and it's just like, oh, and now it's really, really hard.
So I'm actually stuck on one race right now.
But really enjoying it still.
Storyline's still really cheesy, but still pretty fun game.
And then I've been playing...
On my 3DS, really only Pilotwings right now.
And I haven't really played any of the, like, I don't know, the missions or whatever you have to do, the different challenges.
It's been mainly the free flying, which is kind of annoying a little bit because you can only fly around for like a few minutes at a time.
Which is so stupid.
It's like three minutes at a time.
Woo!
Fun!
Well, I mean, you do only have a limited amount of fuel, right?
Well, okay, if you want to go by that route, then why can't I have it where I refuel?
Gas is expensive, you know.
Or like when I'm using the rocket belt, I never get low on fuel.
I could hold that throttle down the whole way, and it just never would run out of fuel.
But I'm basically collecting these markers or whatever they're in the game, and I have 74 of 75 of them, so I'm still trying to find the last one.
It's just like the Woohoo Island thing.
It's like, oh, hey, look at this.
This is kind of cool.
This is from Wii Sports Resort.
Oh, this is the part where you can... Here's the bowling alley.
Here's all this stuff from the game.
I'm like, okay, well, none of this has to do with flying.
Can you crash through the roof of the bowling alley?
No, you can't.
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching, and I'll see you next time.
There needs to be a dark Pilotwings where you can rocket belt into the bowling alley and steal a baby and run away with it.
Once again, and this is unfortunate, this goes back to Nintendo.
What they do with new games, or I should say games that they put out again.
They basically take them, they don't add any features to it, and they strip it down to what the bare essentials that they need to do another release for are.
Just like all the Animal Crossing games.
And here's the problem.
People like us keep buying them.
Actually, you're the only one that's bought a 3DS in this room.
No, I'm talking about Animal Crossing.
Oh, okay.
No, I'm just saying it's people like us that keep buying those crappy games.
And it just gives them the impression, okay, so we don't really have to do anything.
People just still buy our games.
It's just like the whole Tron thing.
What's different this year?
We put a 12 on the box.
I mean, that's really all it is.
I mean, it's okay.
It's somewhat fun.
I haven't played through everything yet.
But, you know, you're looking at what was on the original Super Nintendo version.
I'm sorry, it's even less content than that.
I mean, you really couldn't, you know, bother to put the extra content in there.
They don't even, like, remove, like, the landing pads and stuff like that.
They're in the different missions and stuff.
They're in the free mode.
They're just all sitting there still because they didn't bother to even say, okay, well, during this mode, this isn't here or whatever.
It's just, it's always there.
Let me get some questions from our chat room at chat.orangeandre.com.
Robert M is asking, Loki, Loki, can you shoot in Pilotwings?
No balloon popping at least?
There's a few levels in the mission mode where you can do that.
Shooting or balloon popping?
Or both?
Both.
Or neither?
Okay.
Okay.
Tiger Claw is asking what they should have done is recreated that helicopter mission from the first Pilotwings.
Most people never even saw those missions.
The first Pilotwings was hard.
Well, they've got some stuff that's undocumented or whatever.
It's not on the box where they have the squirrel suit or whatever.
You could do skydiving in there.
Wait, the squirrel suit?
Thanks for watching!
I'm literally imagining a skydiving squirrel.
It would be cool if it was a skydiving squirrel.
I mean, I'd pay to play that.
But it's just, I don't know.
It's a fun game, I guess.
It's what I've been playing just because I just want to play through some of that because I've played Ridge Racer like a ton and Street Fighter, you know, it's all right.
I saw a question about the battery life earlier in chat, and that's a bitch I've heard as well, is that the battery life isn't really that great on these things.
What has been your experience with the battery?
I haven't really had a problem with it because I keep charging it all the time, but I've never had it run out on me.
But then again, I also don't leave it in sleep mode because I figured that the battery would go dead and I kind of want to play the game.
That's the thing, is they have all these things that rely on sleep mode, and I know that doesn't suck as much battery as playing a game would,
You know, if it's running out of battery that fast, then why rely on sleep mode for all this stuff?
Let me go to another question from chat, and I think this is a good one.
Savalas in our chatroom is asking, at chat.homersonstrider.com, Loki, do you have buyer's remorse with buying the Nintendo 3DS now that we're a week in?
No, not really.
I mean, I got the few games that I wanted to get, and that's it.
And that's what I'm going to plan on getting until...
Thanks for watching!
and a lot of it you know even the reviewers go this is basically the game that you know came up before but now it's in 3d and it doesn't really utilize 3d that much and you're going to get a lot of that stuff because people don't know how to utilize it or they're going to try to you know cash in real quick especially putting out like a budget game because all the games are $40 so a $20 game stands out because hey that's uh much cheaper but
GameDev Story GameDev Story
Even the fictional company that's the game publisher of the actual game, their toilet system is not doing well compared to my glory hole system.
Yes, that's what's called the glory hole system.
Everybody loves a glory hole, so.
All right.
And then Grand Theft Auto.
So that's what I played this week.
All right.
Let me go over to Salacious Pop.
How was your gaming week?
It was all right.
Pretty slow.
Played some Pac-Man Championship Edition DX, some Super Street Fighter IV, a lot of the Mortal Kombat PS3 demo, and I finally got to play Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
What did you think of MVC3?
I really liked what I saw of it.
Definitely want to get it at some point.
It has the sort of hybrid four-button controls that the Dreamcast used for Marvel vs. Capcom 2.
And then I guess also Tatsunoko vs. Capcom for the Wii uses something similar.
and I didn't realize that it played like that so when I was using a six button fight pad I wasn't quite landing the combos that I thought I was because I realized oh well not all the buttons are mapped the way I thought they were there's no you know low medium strong punch low medium strong kick it's they're kind of combined some of them so yeah I loved it it was great was there a particular character you really enjoyed
I don't really care for her in the context that she appears in the Marvel Universe, but the female Wolverine clone, X-23 I think her name is, she was fun to use.
Cool?
Yeah.
Anything else you want to share about your game of the week?
The fatalities in the Mortal Kombat demo are really gory, but they're all kind of stupid and they're all kind of the same.
You think?
Yeah.
See, here's my whole thing is that I... You know I hate the Saw movies and all that stuff and I talk about this on the show, but yet I giggle so much at Mortal Kombat and all the fatalities and some of them are really bad.
Like the Mileena one, what does Mileena do?
She walks up to you like she's going to kiss you and then she...
Sucks you up and spits you out.
No, it's not like you think that's what's going to happen because that's what happens to Olin.
But she like rips off your face.
She throws her size at you so they're out of your rib cage so you're all spiked and then she makes like this, I guess Melina's always horny or whatever because she's always moaning and cooing.
So it looks like she's going to kiss you and then she rips your head off at the jawline so that your chin and jaw is still attached and your body falls over.
Then she eats your tongue out of the head that she has in her hand.
She doesn't just eat it.
She goes... She's got Baraka face.
So she eats your tongue out of your severed head and then she just chucks it to the ground like a football.
Like...
and then she jumps on the camera and like kind of tries to dry hump it right well that's that's if you're that's her non like if you don't do a fatality you just let her fall down and then she like she like smears blood on her boobs because again she's always horny like I don't know what her problem is
but yet the whole time I see this for the first time I'm giggling maniacally and like Alan's like what's wrong with you and as soon as I know I don't really appreciate the whole TNA fighter game thing at all because as soon as I saw her buck naked outfit I'm like she's gonna get a yeast infection in that in that onesie she has a naked well it's like all she's not really naked she's wearing she's wearing floss oh like the Vampirella yeah she's wearing floss
And the best part is that, you know, this new Mortal Kombat game, like, the blood kind of seems to stay on the characters, and it stays, like, in kind of natural-looking ways.
So, like, you know, after she's fighting or whatever, her boobs will be, like, covered in blood, and she's, like, rubbing her boobs.
It's all, like, it's really, like, disgusting, but funny.
You need to bring this over.
It's just a PS3 demo.
It's not the game yet.
Because the demo has four characters in it.
And the fatality for Scorpion, if you look it up in the op menu, is wrong.
Oh yeah, yeah.
The fatality for Scorpion was just backwards.
Yeah.
That was funny.
Actually, wait, hold on.
You know what I should do here?
I should actually just pull this up real quick.
It is a three hour show.
We have time to do some fun things here.
Describe Scorpion's fatality for us real quick because that was pretty funny too.
um he takes his katana and he slices your head off and then again at the waist but he does it so fast that it's obvious that it's going through you but you're still upright and then he kicks your stomach so your middle piece flies back so then your legs fall and your head goes up in the air and then he cuts your head in half like a like a cantaloupe
I love the fruit ninja reference there.
Okay, here you go, DarkSakura.
You ready?
Here you go.
Enjoy.
That is... See, she's all sexy walking and then... Give me a kiss, boy.
Psych.
seeing that she's all like rubbing her boobs she's all mmm I just ate that guy's tongue that's the best fatality ever there you go
See, Mortal Kombat, I gotta admit, I gave the demo an unfavorable review a couple weeks ago.
It is growing on me a little bit.
It's growing on me just a little bit.
I think having seen some more of the fatalities and getting to do, like, kind of getting more comfortable with the fighting system, because, you know, they took out the whole weapon thing and all that's gone now, so it's a little bit back to old school, and, you know, kind of getting used to that again.
It's growing on me.
I think I will get the full version, so I can do more fatalities, and Salacious Pop can be very disappointed with me.
Yep.
and DarkSakura.com
I don't want to say that it hurt to look at.
It didn't give me a headache, but just running around, something was off about the graphics visually.
It was hard to look at.
I don't know.
But I was like, okay, this is God of War Castlevania and I just deleted it.
It originally wasn't a Castlevania game.
Oh yeah, that's right.
It wasn't supposed to be a Castlevania game originally.
Why come out with a new IP when we can just slap Castlevania on it?
There you go.
SSJ100 Matt is in our chatroom talking about the Mortal Kombat demo and the fatalities saying, Rob, you should show your mom the game.
Rob, that's gross, Rob.
Actually, that's a great idea for a future OLR YouTube.
She looks cold.
She needs a jacket.
Yeah.
We will get right on that.
That sounds like a great future OLR YouTube.
Rob's mom plays Mortal Kombat.
That'd be fun.
Good times.
Alright, let's see.
My Gaming Week.
I played a lot of the same stuff that Salacious Pop did, but there was some different things.
One night, randomly, we were having You Don't Know Jack, which has kind of become this strange Friday tradition all of a sudden, which I'm kind of liking.
Friday night, playing You Don't Know Jack and drinking wine.
I think you need stronger booze, but yeah, the booze in You Don't Know Jack is good.
Wine keeps it classy.
Yes, wine keeps it very classy with the fart jokes and you don't know Jack, which is always hilarious.
But then we just started playing like old school games.
And when I say old school, I mean like old school on the Xbox Live Arcade and some things they don't even sell anymore.
We were playing Smash TV.
We were playing the Mortal Kombat 3 Ultimate, the arcade one that was on Xbox Live that's not there anymore.
So we were kind of having fun just playing some of those old games and
It's neat because you can kind of see how far along the Xbox Live Arcade really has come.
I mean, it really was just a bunch of ports in the beginning, and some of them weren't done very well.
Like, looking back, now going back and playing the Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3, I'm kind of like, well, where's the move list in the game?
It's just literally the ROM just dumped and sold on Xbox Live Arcade.
So they have come a ways a little bit since then.
And, you know, I think back to some of the episodes we were doing back then, and I seem to remember we were complaining about that a lot, that a lot of the releases were just ROMs being dumped on Xbox Live Arcade.
And I think Microsoft tried to fix that after the first year or two.
They said, okay, no more of that.
Well, they added a pause feature.
Oh, well.
Excuse me, princess.
It's not entirely the arcade ROM.
No, I get what you're saying, though, but that's.
Yeah, well, remember, like, we were playing Mortal Kombat 3, and for some reason, I could remember Kabal combos.
Like, Kabal was the character I used to use in Mortal Kombat all the time.
And I remember how to make him do the spinny thing, and then punch, punch, uppercut, little laser purple pew-pew beam.
I could do all that still.
Yet, when it came to fatality time, couldn't remember how to do it.
So I'm like, well, let me pause and go to the move list.
Oh, there is no move list.
It's just pause and reconfigure the buttons, or quit.
It's just...
So, we had to go on GameFAQs to get the fatality, but then we were like, eh, too lazy to do that.
Let's just play something else.
Let's play Smash TV.
I will say one new game I played this week.
I played a free game that's now available on the PlayStation 3 called Free Realms.
Ha, ha, ha.
Free Realms is a free MMO that is available on the PlayStation 3 and that's what they're calling it.
Freemium.
It's a what?
A freemium.
A freemium MMO.
And you download this 25 meg file and first I was like, oh shit, this thing's small.
This is a small game.
Alright, so I launch the game only to wait and download 700 more megabytes.
I'm like, fine.
Ah, it's PlayStation Home.
So I'll go in the other room and play WoW and then come back in an hour.
So finally I get in there and it's like, choose your character.
And you can do little character customizations.
You chose this character.
Now I'll need to download that character.
You can either be, no, that was the last time I downloaded it.
But you can either be a male or female and you can be a human or you can be a fairy.
So of course I rolled a man fairy because I figured nobody was going to be playing those in the game.
So it would be kind of funny.
And, you know, you could, and don't you dare be making jokes because I'll beat you.
All right, so anyway, I rolled the character.
You can do a custom name, but if you do a custom name, then it has to go to be approved.
So you have to choose a name from this slot machine thing.
They have all these pre-approved names, a first name, like a middle name, and a last name.
I think my name ended up being like Rob, like Forest Tree or something.
I don't remember, something really dumb.
So I went in there, whatever.
And then it's just, okay.
Now you're in free realms.
Have fun.
No tutorial.
No setup.
No nothing.
Just, okay, here you are.
What?
Tutorial?
What is this?
A paid game?
So I was like, okay, well, I kind of figured it out, I think.
Like, I went around and figured out how to start mining.
And I was like, okay, I'm going to mine.
So the mining game is kind of like, I don't know, it's like...
There's a game like that on Gaia.
It sounds like Puzzle Quest 2 when you have to pick lock a chest or bash open a door.
There's a sort of
Thank you for watching!
and I noticed that in the quest, if you did not want to try to find the NPC that's the next step of the quest, you could just hit R2 and your character would just auto-fly there.
I fly because I'm a fairy.
You just auto-fly there or whatever.
And okay, so it made it really easy.
So I kind of figured it out.
This MMO is really for kids.
It's a kid's MMO.
How many people were wandering around...
I don't know, I didn't try to chat.
I don't want to talk to these people.
I just want to figure out what the game is.
And so I gathered it is a bunch of mini-games thrown together to make an MMO.
I don't know if you saw...
It's like saying, well our game is actually really, really similar to Minecraft.
I'm like, what?
No, it was nothing like Minecraft.
But apparently the house building or some crap in there is similar to Minecraft, but not.
You can customize your house, but it struck me a little more Animal Crossing than it did Minecraft.
It's not Minecraft.
He's just stupid.
Well, and here's the other thing, folks.
Once I got to like the fourth level of mining, it was like, do you want to play more mining?
Become a member today of Free Realms.
So that was it.
So essentially, this MMO is just all these little mini games, but you can play all the mini games up to level four.
And then it's like, oh, you got to be a member.
So it's Sodium One.
Yeah, basically.
So, I'm sorry, that's not a free MMO.
This is a demo of a pay MMO.
This is another instance of a game company using deceptive terms to market their product.
Because a lot of people are probably going to check this out because it's a free MMO.
And I'm here to tell you it is not a free MMO.
It is a demo of an MMO.
And I know what their defense would be is that...
Well, once you capitalize, you can still be in the world and you can still talk to people and you can still customize your fairy.
And to their defense, and I hate going to their defense, but their defense actually is a pretty cheap MMO.
$35 for a lifetime membership.
But once again, why would you want to do that?
Pay $0.99 and get the same games on the iPhone.
It's really the same deal.
$35 for a lifetime membership, but there's no reason to believe the longevity would be more than two years before they shut the servers down because no one's going to play it.
Here's the thing.
I will give it this credit.
I thought it was kind of dopey.
I played it maybe twice, and I was like, okay, I think I've done everything there is to do in this game.
I see it more like a kid's MMO.
I think that's where they've obviously taken a lot of safety precautions.
A lot of it's kind of watered down.
I think this is something more for kids.
But here is where they screwed it royally.
There's no tutorial.
There's nothing to kind of help you understand what you're supposed to do in this game.
And I think a lot of kids would get really frustrated with it.
I think this would really have to be right.
I think there's a very specific age range.
It's probably like 10 to 13 year old girls I think would enjoy Free Realms and maybe some boys.
But I don't know.
Just just strikes me as more of a girly game because there's not a lot of violence.
And yes, I'm being totally sexist right now.
Justine Beaver
I assume Free Realms is the same on the PC as far as the freemium model.
I think so.
Yes.
Okay.
I wasn't really motivated to go check.
You'll have to excuse me.
I think this is not necessarily... I mean, granted, it's a way... I think it's going to get a lot of exposure to people that might not normally try it because it's integrated with the PlayStation Network and it's...
technically free to start playing it, but it can also be used as kind of data for them because they're working on a new EverQuest, they're working on some other, I forget what else, there's another IP that they're working on a sequel for that's also an MMO, but work on this to see what works, what doesn't work, and it's a good way, imagine if EverQuest came out the next one as a
Home,
and DarkSakura.com.
DarkSakura.com
so I don't know it strikes me as odd that they're and I realize it's different development teams Sony's a huge company and the free realms already existed in some regard on the PC so I mean but it just seems weird to me that home after all these years still I don't see the point of logging in to home regularly there's nothing for me to really check every day I don't know so anyhow that was my gaming week talked a lot about free realms and you know some of the other mini things or something like that in free realms
I think they have guilds.
Can you invite the people to your house?
Your guild members to your house?
Honestly, Loki, I didn't play that far.
You probably can, and that's more people that can come to your house than fucking home.
Awesome.
Way to go, Sony.
Bravo.
I am confident in saying, though, that if there are TVs in free realms, you can't put videos or pictures on them, just like home.
I'm pretty confident in saying that.
That still doesn't matter if no one can see them.
Only so many people can come to your house.
Sorry, sorry.
If we have any more people in this house, it's going to violate the fire code and the marshal's going to come down here.
We don't want any of that stuff.
I mean, just don't want to mess with that.
Alright, let's move on.
We're going to get into some actual video game news here.
Of course, our chatroom, chat.orangeloungeradio.com if you want to join us live on this Sunday evening.
Real quick housekeeping, I may not be here in a couple weeks, so we may have a guest host in a couple weeks.
I don't know, I've talked to the other hosts about that.
I'm not going to be here in a couple weeks.
Which week's that?
Is that the 17th?
Yes.
But maybe we're not going to be here at all that week.
Where are you going to be?
I'm not going to be anywhere, but my wife's going to be somewhere, so I've got to watch the baby.
Okay, gotcha.
She's going to a wedding.
Well, then I'm going to safely say we are probably not going to be here at all on the 17th, which is in two weeks, because that is also the night I need to be out.
I am going in for Mensa testing, though, on the 16th, which is pretty awesome.
Mensa testing?
Yes, Mensa testing.
Okay, I have to know more about this.
Why are you taking the Mensa test?
It's fun.
Just for what...
Did you just sit there and you were just kind of like watching the Food Network and then suddenly it just dawns on you, I should take the Mensa test.
I don't even remember what it was.
Somehow I got directed to the test that's on their website and I did really well on that.
I've been playing around with their iPhone app and I was just like, eh, this is all good and all, but I want to actually try the real test.
And
I mean, even just looking at what questions, I mean, obviously the questions in the app aren't necessarily the same questions, but they have the similar types of questions.
I don't see how it's really a valid IQ test, because you really only have to be good at answering certain types of questions, and that's it.
Only you, Loki.
This is so typical of you on the show.
You're openly questioning why anyone would want to become a Mensa member, yet you're scheduled to take the test.
No, I just want to... I just want... Hey, no, hey.
Listen, I just want to try it just for the hell of it, and hey, if I'm accepted into it, great, that's something else to put on my resume.
Whatever, it doesn't matter.
I want to take the Mensa test.
You should.
It's 40 bucks.
That's not that bad.
40 bucks and you got to go to a, there's a guy.
That's how much brain age costs, right?
There's a guy that does it once a month down in Dixon, and you just go down there and you go take the test, it's an hour and a half, and that's it.
I don't think Rob should take it.
Why?
Because then I'm going to fail and I'm going to cry?
Is that why?
If you pass, whatever sort of weird, totally irrational opinion you ever have in your life, politically or for anything else, well, I'm a member of Mensa, so I think maybe that my opinion is a bit more important than yours.
All you have to be good at, I mean, seriously, it's mostly math and it's mostly pattern finding.
So if you can find patterns and kind of think a little bit out of the box, I guess, that's it.
You'll be fine.
Once again, I still don't understand how it's really a valid... Whatever, though.
I'll take the test.
I probably won't qualify because you have to be in the 98th percentile of the United States in order to be accepted in there.
So I'd assume that's probably close to getting everything correctly.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know about that they have dating though like a dating thing you can date other Mensa members it's stupid but it'd be cool to put on like you know to get the little you know award or whatever the hell they have they're all hey you've been accepted in you know that'd be kind of cool but you know beyond do I really want to be like a functioning member fuck that I don't want to be a member of that society well now are you going to get excommunicated from Mensa if any of the members hear this program eh no
Well, I've had... I used to get letters all the time to go take the test.
I never wanted to do it because I thought it was stupid and pretentious.
All these fucking smart people.
I'm just sitting here going... If you can bring your Mensa card to Cold Stone and get a buck off, it's like, yeah, hell yeah.
Free side of pancakes at Denny's because fucking Mensa card.
Hell yeah.
Smart people got it going on.
Yeah, is Mensa like AAA?
Will they come change my tire?
I don't think it's like AAA.
I don't know.
So we'll see.
We'll see what ends up happening there.
I probably won't pass it.
I mean, because there's a certain type of question from playing the game.
There's a certain type of question that stumps me, usually.
It's because a lot of it, and they only do certain types.
It's a few rows of numbers, and at the very end, there's four rows of four.
And you're supposed to figure out what the pattern is between all of them.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Although I've gone back, though, and actually looked at some of these and go, okay, so that's how they're doing it.
And you find, you know, I don't know if it's breaking the test or anything, but you find there's certain patterns to the way they ask questions and stuff.
And, okay, I got to look for these types of things.
Oh, there it is.
And away you go.
So, I don't know.
It just sounds interesting, a challenge or something.
I don't know.
Well, I'm busy this month, but if you go next month, let me know.
I'll go with you.
Yeah, it's on the 16th.
This month.
That's a horrible day.
I can't do that day.
Okay.
Maybe next month.
All right.
Randy's in our chatroom at chat.orange.com and says, Sky at the Mensa test.
This is like brain age, right?
Yeah.
This is me at the Mensa test.
Red.
Yellow.
Blue.
It's really... Blue.
A big... Bro!
It's really a big IQ test.
Yeah.
That's all it is.
I know.
I wasn't gifted and talented when I was a kid.
That counts for something, right?
Yeah.
AkumaJP in our chatroom says just show them your boobs and that's it, pass I don't know if that would work I don't think that's how it works Alright, anyhow, let's move on Actually get into some gaming news tonight MensaTalk was way better than talking about the Twitter and the Facebook and all that I can just picture our mailbag now though filling up with emails You don't understand Mensa, you're very rude
No, I understand it completely, I'm just, you know
I want to become a member, but I want to become a non-participating member of Mensa.
Is that too much to ask?
I just want to be on the roster.
I don't necessarily want to go to the meetings.
I don't want to attend some Mensa conference.
I don't care.
I don't care about talking about political issues.
I just want the damn badge or whatever.
Just want it on your resume.
Exactly.
How about gaming news?
Video games?
Hello.
All right.
Well, I guess I should be sad about this, but Mega Man Universe has been canceled.
That's right.
It's the game that was basically kind of a remade Mega Man 2 with some customizable characters and user-created levels and really didn't look that great, in my opinion, but some people were really gung-ho about it.
It's canceled.
Too bad.
So sad.
Their decision, I guess, was...
Caused by various circumstances.
That's such a detailed explanation.
And, of course, they're saying that maybe that has to do with the departure of the Mega Man creator and, you know, the universe lead designer, Kenji Inafune.
So, I don't know.
It just looked like Mega Man powered up.
Just...
It looked interesting to me, so of course I'm a little bit disappointed that it got cancelled But at the same time, if the game really did suck, then they did the right thing
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
All of the levels, all of the bosses, you know, something like that where you can have your customized character, but you're fighting, you know, how, I don't even know how many, you know, boss characters it would be, but just like, you know, almost a hundred, you know, different characters.
Well, remember when we only knew the title and nothing else?
That's what most people were speculating it was, is that, oh, Mega Man Universe is finally going to be that clusterfuck.
Yeah, I mean, it would be really awesome.
Like, okay, well, let's see what, you know, this weapon does to this character from a different game, you know, and stuff like that.
I mean, it actually, if I remember correctly, I think Mega Man 2 did have that kind of in when you're going through the Wily stages where they had the old, you know, one characters and you had to figure out what weapons did what.
I don't believe the one characters ever showed up in two.
It's the two characters showed up in three.
You had to replay the stages, the corner stages in three.
I remember that.
It's weird.
Got it.
Okay.
I was close.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I am very looking forward to that.
Legends was awesome.
All right, well, some news going on with Xbox.
There is a new dashboard apparently on the way, and there's a preview that was being rolled out.
Major Nelson had put out the call on his blog that there is going to be another Xbox 360, I guess, beta test, if you will.
They call it a preview program.
It's basically a beta test where they did this a little while ago with the new Xbox experience.
I think they did it again with the new Netflix and all that.
Yeah, I did it last time when they have that, and I didn't do it this time for a couple reasons.
Well, mainly because I hated having to update my system all the damn time, because it would be like, oh, we got another update, oh, we got another update, and you know, just...
All these updates rolling out a few times a day, and it was annoying.
And seriously, not worth my getting a copy of Halo Reach, even if it is in this new format.
And I am kind of curious to see what the new format is.
I don't know.
It's just not really worth it.
What's also interesting about this beta test program, everybody's getting a free copy of Halo Reach with it.
So there is definitely something in it for folks here.
And the reason why it's coming with Halo Reach is because there is a new disc format that's basically being beta tested with this whole thing.
And that a lot of people are kind of assuming, oh, well, this is to basically...
Don't copy that floppy in the piracy hole.
All that stuff.
This is there to update that.
And that is probably true.
That's a big part of this as well.
But apparently there's something else going on.
This is from a website called Digital Foundry.
Apparently saying that the new disk format that Microsoft's going to put in this new Xbox update, it's going to give an extra gigabyte of the disk back.
So they're basically creating a new gig of space on the disc.
I don't know if that's maybe using the outside layer or maybe some type of copy partition they were using.
They had a video partition or something like that or a certain partition that was in there.
Actually, it was weird.
I think it was either the security partition or the video partition.
Here it is.
There was over a gigabyte dedicated to a DVD video partition that also contained anti-piracy security sectors.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Thanks for watching!
Who cares?
Okay, so I pop this in my DVD player, because I'm an idiot, and it comes up with, you know, some Xbox logo.
That doesn't say that this is... Oh, is that what happens?
I've never thought to put an Xbox 360 disc in a regular DVD player.
Yes, that's what it will do.
So it's that video partition.
And so it'll go, oh, this is an Xbox disc.
You have to play it in your Xbox 360.
Well, how about you just don't do that, and then all it'll do is can't read disc.
Or just have a picture.
Hey, idiot, this is for an Xbox 360.
Bye.
It could just be a static picture.
It pretty much is a picture.
I'm surprised that it takes a gigabyte of space for that.
I mean, it seems like an awful lot for just a little picture.
SSJ100 Matt in our chatroom at chat.orangelandradio.com is asking, So will these free copies of Halo Reach go towards its overall sales numbers?
I think maybe throwing back a little bit to when they were giving Guitar Hero Van Halen free with Guitar Hero 5.
Remember that?
yes but it doesn't really matter at this point anyways because I mean the sales of it's probably dropped quite a bit SolarFlare in our chatroom says it will still be behind Blu-ray though interesting point you know that is one thing that holds CX Plus 360 back a little bit you know and we do have a lot of companies that want to port their games to both systems so I bet there's a lot of games out there on the PS3 that aren't really realizing their full potential of Blu-ray and this will not just help the 360 games expand but I think it will help the PS3 ports expand too right?
Um, no.
I mean, a little bit maybe, but I don't really think it's going to make a huge difference because if those companies are holding back their ports just because of space issues or whatever, or if they're porting it to multiple systems using the same assets, then it's not a huge deal, I don't think.
I mean, if they really wanted to, they could just uncompress everything for the Blu-ray, but
With Blu-ray, the whole problem was that it's slow, especially that data on the inside is really slow compared to the stuff on the edge of the disc.
So it's just...
I don't know.
I don't think it's going to make a huge difference.
There's not a lot of games that utilize all the space on there as well.
Let me close on this question here for this story.
SolarFlare in our chatroom asks, are they trying to make time to having to break out the next-gen console?
You know, we have noticed a lot of, in this generation of games, and, you know, part of it you could blame on the recession, part of it is this whole 10-year cycle or whatever they're talking about, but you have noticed that especially the 360 has had its life extended...
DarkSakura has some more Xbox news for us.
I do if I don't drop my mic.
This actually has to do with the live indie games issue on Xbox Live about the ratings.
You know, we had said that we had a feeling that the ratings were kind of fixed.
You know, that they might have been manipulated.
And it turns out that it actually might be the X and A Creators Club.
Excuse me.
actually tweeted that, and I quote, we are investigating a possible misuse of ratings on XBLIG titles.
We'll announce more information here as it develops.
So basically, it's been coming to people's attention that ratings have gone from really high to just dropping drastically.
And so they're fairly certain that there's manipulation behind it.
So if the fraud is true, is it being used to bolster the ratings of games that maybe are terrible or to lower stuff that competitors don't want you to buy?
It wasn't necessarily that they were being manipulated, but it wasn't by the whim of a certain publisher.
Basically, it was that one lacrosse game that was on there.
They tweeted their fellows, hey, give us a five-star rating.
Well, the people that are fans of the game also took it upon themselves to rate the other games one star that were in the area.
So they, you know, inadvertently created like, you know, ratings fixing almost.
But it's just because there's no real system in place to where you have to purchase the game in order to rate it and that kind of stuff.
Oh yeah, I guess that's true.
So you can just rate it regardless.
Yeah, it seems to be highly unfair that someone should be able to rate something that they haven't played, so...
Yeah, because I thought that you, you know, spent your one to three bucks or your two to four hundred, whatever, Microsoft space bucks.
I'm like, wow, this is terrible.
And then you can give it two stars after you've at least played the demo or bought it.
But I guess not.
You can just do what you want.
Well, they're looking into it, apparently.
So maybe they'll realize that was one big oversight.
To be honest, doesn't iTunes have that same problem?
I mean, I could go in and rate podcasts a one that I've never listened to.
Well, not with the apps.
I think you can only rate them after you've used them.
Perhaps.
I know that if you delete an app, it asks you to rate it.
Yeah.
Which, by the way, you should leave Orange Noms Radio a five-star review on iTunes.
Do it.
Yes.
We actually had a couple nice ones this past week, so thank you guys for doing that.
Really appreciate it.
That kind of stuff does help because when we get more five-star reviews on iTunes, it kind of bumps you up in the listing and just helps us get more exposure.
Add more people to our chat room and make it a bigger party on Sunday nights.
We need to be as exposed as Melina's boobs.
If not more so.
Yeah.
That's right.
All right.
Moving on.
Loki.
Yeah.
Oh, by the way, the people doing this, total dicks.
I forgot to say that earlier.
Another cancellation story.
This isn't a big surprise because this has been delayed forever and I remember playing it back a couple... God, how many E3s ago was that that I actually played this?
But Sony Online Entertainment has confirmed that they have cancelled the agency.
It will not be coming out.
You know, it was late forever.
It was a spy MMO.
Kind of a cool little game, but...
Oh well.
Man, I'm just keeping Sad Trombone open in a window tonight, because there's a lot of just cancellation news.
Kind of alluding to what I was talking about before when we were talking about Free Realms, they're also saying that the company is discontinuing production of the title to focus on developing resources on delivering two new MMOs based on its renowned Planetside and EverQuest properties, while also maintaining its current portfolio of online games.
So, maybe a new free-to-play EverQuest?
I'm surprised just a straight-up port of the first EverQuest game hasn't shown up on PS3 yet.
Because there's still shit-tons of people playing old-school EverQuest.
There's, what, like 20-something expansions?
It's crazy.
But, you know, people invested a lot in that game.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
so you know yeah new loyalty mount for like as if you have a concurrent subscription like City of Heroes does that for how long you've been paying for the game for Ultima Online when did that come out?
I was one of the first MMOs period it was a long time ago it was probably like 99 it was a long time ago yeah it was like 12 or 13 year loyalty 1997 okay yeah so yeah so if they're still around then so is the EverQuest people yeah
Boy, oh boy.
I think it's when you invest so much time into something, it's hard to walk away from it.
And for me, that's a lot of wow.
It's hard for me.
I was really interested in DC Universe, but I've been having a hard time saying, I'm going to really invest this time in DC Universe because all my friends are on wow.
This is tough.
Just type a slash played and see.
I'll cry.
All right.
Spassinator in our chat room says the agency being canceled.
How the flying fuck can anyone not see that coming?
Well, I don't know.
I don't know if I would say I saw it coming.
I did notice it was an awfully long development cycle, but MMOs on consoles have just become so unpredictable.
And most of the news is really bad.
What are they doing wrong?
Why do consoles just seem to not be able to get MMOs?
The lone exception being probably DC Universe, maybe Final Fantasy XI, but that game is a little old now.
So what is it about
and DarkSakura.com.
It's an assembly line of just how many games you can churn through in a certain amount of time, but you buy a certain amount of games in a year and you want to get through them all, whereas an MMO is really open-ended.
You never get to the end of WoW, and that's sort of the culture or the attitude that is more appropriate for PCs, if that makes sense.
I'm with you to a point, but then I ask, what about Halo, where it thrives on, it's at least, you know, the older games, especially 2, thrived on online, which didn't really have a beginning and an end.
Maybe a match had a beginning and an end, I don't know.
Well, yeah, those are broken up into matches, yeah.
Let's see.
GameGuru in our chatroom flat out says because it is not WoW
I don't know.
I'm a big supporter of WoW, although I don't always agree with everything Blizzard does.
But I think there's room for more than one.
A game like DC Universe, I don't think it's a failure.
I don't know how that game has been selling.
I think it's been doing okay.
But right now, okay in the console universe is better than anything else right now.
Than no-kay?
Yeah, than no-kay.
EVE Online is still kicking.
Doesn't have WoW's numbers, but it's definitely got its market share.
There's people still doing Perfect World.
Final Fantasy XI still has supporters.
Guild Wars.
Shit.
Ultima Online and EverQuest still have lots of people to play.
Lineage 2, still a fucking huge game.
It's really big in Korea.
Yeah, just not here in the US.
So, let's see.
Going to our chat room again.
Brad from PodCulture says, wouldn't Phantasy Star Online count?
Kind of.
Well, I thought it was cool that Sega actually let people transfer their characters to private servers.
That was cool.
And so it was like, well, we have to close it, but I know there's still people doing it.
And there was Phantasy Star Universe.
Fancy Star Online Fancy Star Online
PSO Diablo Dungeon Crawling
I really started liking PSO when I started playing online.
I'm sorry, on the computer.
You know what I think really hurt PSO?
You know what really, really hurt that franchise more than anything, I think?
PSU?
No, I would say it was before that.
I would say it was the GameCube game.
Because Nintendo just aborted online support.
literally told Sega, sure, we'll help you out with this, you know, MMO thing and put out this broadband adapter or anything and then Nintendo just basically said, ah, fuck it.
LOL, JK.
No, here's what I think was even worse.
The Dreamcast version in the US, no online play.
You had to do this little thing to manipulate it to get it to play online because it wouldn't support the broadband adapter.
Yeah, I imported that or I did something where... Yeah, I could play the Dreamcast one online.
I had the Ethernet.
I had the modem though.
Well, no, we had that too.
It was like it was something that you had to manipulate in the menu.
The DNS, I think, or your IP, you had to put in something to force it to go out through the Ethernet.
Yeah, you had to do something to it to get it to work.
I don't remember having that problem.
I just remember it working.
Oh, whatever.
It's been so long.
Well, I guess, and also going back to the agency, thematically, a spy MMO, I don't know, something about MMOs is you have to, even in Phantasy Star Online, you're not killing literal dragons, but it's whimsical fantasy sci-fi.
You know, no one wants to get together with their five friends and smuggle microfiche.
Matrix Online ended.
Anything that I've noticed... Well, City of Heroes is still going... Star Trek Online is still going strong.
I love Star Trek Online.
In fact, I need to pay for a month, but...
I don't think an MMO has to be swords and dragons and mystical stuff.
It has to be fantasy.
That's a tried and true method.
That's an established formula.
That's a formula that's working right now.
That's WoW's formula, in a way.
But now they have goblins with motorcycles.
I think we haven't really seen the other type.
But then again, EVE Online is a space game.
DC Universe, not really dragons.
Star Trek Online, totally different thing.
But Star Trek's a whole separate fandom too, you know?
Like...
Star Trek Online
Alright, let's move on from MMO Chat.
We're running a little long because of MMO Chat.
Let's do some other quick stories here.
I got a story about GameStop, and GameStop apparently has bought, absorbed some more companies.
They bought Spawn Labs, and they've also bought a company called Impulse.
Now, what the hell did these things do?
Okay, Spawn Labs, they did this high-def box set that apparently was... I guess it sounds to me a lot like the whole...
OnLive system.
It's kind of similar to that.
So that's one thing they've absorbed.
And then they also got Impulse, which apparently is going to have three parts to it, which is the client, the Impulse client, which you can use to download games, the Reactor, which is like DRM management and copy protection and all of that, letting the developers do achievement, friends lists, and all the kind of like Steam, Xbox Live stuff.
Sounds like a Steam clone.
And then Impulse Publisher, which is real-time reporting and management tools.
GameStop has bought these companies so in a way I sort of see this as them thinking ahead a little bit because these companies have more to do with online distribution and something that isn't so much the stores you know they did not buy stores in this acquisition well they did but it's a different type you know so I have a feeling they are thinking ahead as to this whole how do we counter digital distribution they're absorbing more and more into their collective
A little bit, yes.
But, you know, that doesn't mean all the mall stores are going to shut down next week.
But, I don't know, this digital distribution thing, if I was kind of in this GameStop industry, I'd be a little freaked out right now.
Well, maybe not right this second, but, you know, five years from now, this could be...
Thanks for watching!
so I feel like GameStop you know and again I don't mean to like panic people or whatever this is years away you know these things happening but but GameStop buying this I think they're trying to kind of put themselves in a position where they are like like Blockbuster got in on it early that's what this seems like to me they're setting up a safety net yeah
I don't have any details because I really don't think I know any more store managers.
But from what I've noticed, I'll go into a GameStop and it'll be dead empty.
There'll be no one in there.
And I think that it's just, first of all, a sign of the economy.
And another thing...
And this is actually, I'm not going to go into it because it's a little bit more on the psychology level, but I think that people are becoming more isolated, wanting to do more things from home, not wanting to go out amongst people.
You know what I mean?
That's why online services have become so popular.
You know, people need to get out of the house.
See, I've played devil's advocate here, though, a little bit.
The one by his house in South San Francisco, always packed.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Let's see, go into our chatroom at chat.orange.radio.com SolarFlare says they're going to have to do some good stuff to compete with Steam.
I think that's what part of all this is, is to really align themselves in a way where they can.
Maybe they'll start doing this thing in the store where, you know, buy the copy in the store and get some type of digital download thing, the free costume or something extra.
Maybe that's kind of where they're going.
We'll see.
Alright, moving on.
DarkSakura, what do you got for us?
Well, we have some news out of Japan, which is where the video games come from.
And it's a new Super Mario Bros.
Wii arcade cabinet that's being developed by Capcom.
Yeah, it's Super Mario Bros.
Wii Coin World.
It's a four-player game where you earn medals by participating in many games.
So kind of Mario Party-ish.
I say ish.
Not too much running and jumping.
And it actually is on Capcom of Japan's website.
There's a trailer and everything.
And...
I'm just like, why is Capcom doing it?
But then again, Capcom is... Nintendo hasn't ever really been much in the arcade scene except for the play choice.
Oh, that was years ago, though.
Arcades are not even the same thing now.
In fact, I more think this is newsworthy as, oh, arcade games are still popular somewhere in the world.
I think it's actually neat that they've got that relationship with Capcom to do it, because Capcom does put out good quality games.
Who did the Mario Kart sit-down driver game that said... Namco, because you can play as Pac-Man and Ms.
Pac-Man in that.
All right.
Yes, I thought.
So, yeah, Namco did that.
So, yeah, it's not totally unheard of.
That's a good example.
It's not totally unheard of that other companies might get to do Nintendo stuff in the arcade.
One of my favorite and most underrated arcade machines ever, F-Zero, which is a fucking amazing game.
Actually, the arcade machine's biggest problem was it only had six freaking tracks in it.
You could unlock them all at home.
There's one of the guys that's in the PlayStation hacking scene or whatever.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It looks really cool.
I'll link the website to everyone in the chat room.
You know how that would make millions here in the U.S.?
Tickets.
I wonder if this will be part of New Super Mario Bros.
Wii DOS.
Maybe.
You never know.
Alright, let's move on.
Travel the world.
Look at some release dates of actual stuff coming to a store near you.
We're in April now, so now that we've passed the fiscal end of years for a lot of companies, there's not a lot of companies putting out stuff.
So here's what we've got.
Carnival Games, Monkey See, Monkey Do for the Xbox 360 and Kinect.
That's coming out this week.
Karaoke Revolution Glee Volume 2.
Coming out...
Game Only and with a mic.
Sorry, I just burped.
Remington Super Slam Hunting Alaska on the Wii.
Starring Sarah Palin.
Except not really.
And then on the 3DS a week from today, Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell 3D.
And I believe Raven Rabbit's Travel Through Time 3D is also coming out at that same time.
That's it.
Wow.
Yeah.
Short week.
Alright.
As will be much of April.
Well, SSA 100 Matt says needs more bacon.
Let's go to Japan real quick and look at the games coming out there.
We have Bullet Soul comes out in Japan this week on the Xbox 360 and Dragon Age Origins Awakening.
I imagine, you know, if it seems like they're behind a little bit, keep in mind they've got to translate that stuff into Japanese, so it is a little bit behind.
On the PlayStation 3 this week, Nada.
Going over to some other systems then, taking a look at the Wii.
Nothing there either.
In fact, not a lot on the horizon for the Wii.
How about the 3DS in Japan?
Well, you got a game called Cubic Ninja comes out this week in Japan.
It looks like you move little boxes that have ninja-looking graphics on them, and you, I don't know, move them around these stages and make them fall down holes.
It looks like a puzzle game.
It's a puzzle game.
It uses the tilt controls on the 3DS, and it is a 3DS game without 3D.
Earth Defense Force 2 Portable
Princess Frontier Portable Awesome!
And then a game called Are You Alice?
comes out this week on the PSP.
Hello, are you Alice?
No?
Okay.
Are you Alice?
No?
Are you Alice?
Regular and limited edition.
This looks to be, it's kind of like based off an anime it looks like.
Kind of like these chapters.
Looks like kind of like one of those interactive novel type things.
Because there's regular and limited edition.
It's a dating sim!
Is it really?
I think it is.
No.
This looks too like
If this is a dating sim, no, the woman would not have a sword in a dating sim.
I don't... It's got all that text.
Oh boy, alright.
And there's some pretty fun, funny hentai ones out there that involve swords and dragons and tentacles.
Coming next year from Quadratic Dream, Are You Jason?
The side story for Heavy Rain.
Are you Jason?
No?
Okay.
Are you Jason?
Have you seen Jason?
Do you know Jason?
That's it for Japanese release dates.
Well, in the UK, Jack and Squat, really.
On the 5th is Red Faction Battlegrounds for Xbox 360.
And the same thing a day later on the 6th for PlayStation 3.
And also, The Dishwasher Vampire Smile on Xbox 360.
What the crap is that?
Sounds like the sequel to The Dishwasher, the indie game that ended up being a real arcade release.
Oh, yeah.
Sounds like a sequel.
There's people in cages and a dude with a big sword.
That is a sequel to the game.
I would play that.
Alright.
Just a couple more stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
And we have a pretty big one this week.
So we'll get to that in just a moment.
But first, Loki.
Katamari Amore and Katamari Amore Rolling Whopper
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Perhaps, but I guess Trip was one of the characters in Enslaved.
So maybe it's something to do with that.
Or maybe, heaven forbid, a new IP altogether.
I mean, I don't know.
Maybe.
Or it's another Katamari game.
Who knows?
Yeah, he left to make... Yeah, he made a pretty... The subtext was pretty clear that he was sick of the franchise after the second one and he just didn't care anymore.
Yeah, and they kept making them anyways.
Or I should say they kept rehashing them.
Oh, I'm still playing Nobi Nobi Boy.
Yeah, because that's what he did after Katamari.
It's actually fun.
People are still doing stuff on Nobi Nobi Boy.
Okay.
On the phone and uploading everything to Facebook so that girl will grow.
Hmm.
I hope if it's a new Katamari game it is like not part of this whole jump the shark that's kind of dominated this last generation of the games I'm sure we'll have a Katamari game that'll be in 3D that'll be basically the rehash levels again and it's gonna be on the 3DS I'm sure that's gonna happen eventually if it's in 3D I'll throw up because that's what they do whatever
I don't know.
I can't really get excited about this stuff because even I bought the last Konamaru game that was on 360.
It was just kind of... The 360 one was bad.
The PS3 one's alright.
The PS3 one's okay, but the problem with the PS3 one is that it's basically the same stuff from the first two games mixed together.
It's kind of like...
The Katamari game on the PS3 is like the Wilson Phillips Greatest Hits album.
They only fucking had two CDs, right?
So there's not a lot to compile a Greatest Hits album from.
Daft Punk has a Greatest Hits, and I think they only had, what, three albums?
Yeah.
Well, maybe that's not.
I guess it's kind of like that, then.
I don't know.
Surely you've seen those one-hit wonders that have these Greatest Hits CDs.
When I'm discovered and released an album, I'm just going to call it Greatest Hits.
Greatest Tits
Uh, moving on, one more story from me for this part of the show.
PlayStation Rewards.
Remember this?
It was a beta program that happened last year, and the beta is now ending, and this PlayStation Rewards program was supposed to be launching for all the PlayStation folks in the next month.
But I guess Sony has decided, based on what they've learned throughout the beta test, they do not want to roll this program out to the public yet.
So yeah, they're going to say, well, we thank loyal and devoted customers with innovative offerings, but yeah, it's not happening right now.
In fact, they're thinking it's been delayed indefinitely.
Now, the PlayStation Rewards program was supposed to have these quests and other things that go with it.
It was supposed to be quests.
Did you get real tangible stuff from this, I think?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
After careful consideration and evaluation following the PlayStation Rewards beta, we have decided not to roll out the program to the public at this time.
We remain committed to providing the best overall consumer experience for our users, and we will be refocusing our efforts in the near future to further developing PlayStation Plus and our other network services.
So maybe becoming a PlayStation Plus member is all the reward they want to give you.
That's what it sounds like anyway.
So, if you want rewards, you gotta pay for them.
They're like, wait...
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura, what is the classic game of the week?
Alright, let's see what I can do here.
I think I have to fast forward a wee bit in this video to get to the dialogue.
There you go.
Wow, what a mansion.
I hope this is not Chris's blood.
Okay, it's Resident Evil.
And I actually did put up a sample of the redone dialogue in the GameCube version.
It's so much better.
So much better.
I can probably get to a little bit of that here.
What is this place?
Not quite your ordinary house, that's for sure.
Hey, Whisker, where's Chris?
I bought the GameCube... Jill, no!
You don't want to go back out there.
But we've got to find... What was that?
Chris?
Anyway... I hope this is not Chris's blood.
Master of Unlocking.
Maybe you, the master of unlocking, can use this.
So it was known as Biohazard in Japan, which actually, I've got a PlayStation version of Biohazard and have it on Saturn.
But this one is put out by Capcom, and it spawned a legacy still going on today.
It was developed by Shinji Mikami, and as of May 2009, it sold 40 million copies.
So this was one of the early ones into the survival horror series.
It had a full motion intro.
Thanks for watching!
So with this one, basically you are STARS member Jill Valentine or Chris Redfield.
And you are exploring this mansion and unlocking its secrets.
And Chris is helped by Claire.
Was it Claire?
Yeah, it was Claire.
and she was young and perky and emetic.
Rebecca, that was it.
Claire was his sister.
It was Rebecca.
And Barry helps Jill.
He also has the best line in the game.
You are almost a Jill sandwich.
And I hope this is not Chris's blood.
So yeah.
It was really, really ahead of its time when it came out.
and, um, there's actually, uh, other, uh, versions out.
They did the, um, I think it was called, uh, I'm trying to find the name of it because they did, um, a redone version of it that was, uh,
GameCube Better Dialogue
and uh but it was it's pretty much the original game just really really some of the story elements they added a little bit more references to the sequel and Code Veronica I think they fixed some of the continuity issues yeah but otherwise it was the same same game well and but even in like the very first one they had a reference to Ada who was in Resident Evil 2 and she was really cool
And it also has my favorite thing in here, is the diary.
Ugly face so ate him.
Itchy.
Tasty.
Yeah, so that's where itchy tasty comes from.
So, this one, I mean, it spawned all kinds of sequels.
You know, we had Code Veronica, we had Resident Evil 2 and 3 and 4 and 5.
Who remembers Dino Crisis?
DinoCrisis is actually pretty neat.
It actually just announced Resident Evil Revelations for the 3DS.
They've had Resident Evil Portable.
There's all kinds of versions out.
There's mobile games.
I even had this on the Game.com.
Let's report this to Wesker.
I'm reminded of a, um, I'm not sure if it was the Advance, but there was a Resident Evil novel guidance side story where it's Leon and Barry on a cruise ship, I think.
I think you were right.
Let me... I don't think it's canon, because that's some obscure stuff.
There were the Umbrella Chronicles, the Darkside Chronicles, Resident Evil Outbreak.
Um, it was a mobile one you said?
Or handheld?
Handheld.
Handheld.
Hmm.
There was Biohazard Eye Survivor and Resident Evil Assault the Nightmare.
You know, actually, one of my favorites in the series was Gun Survivor, which I got to play in the arcade.
You know, the Gun Con?
No, Gun Con was Namco.
The accessory.
Well, in Japan, you could play it with the gun.
Yeah.
But in the U.S., it... Oh, yeah, because you can't use those here.
They're taboo.
which I always thought it would have been perfect to do it on the Dreamcast but you couldn't play Gun Survivor you just navigated through but I thought that with the D-pad that was on the gun you should have been able to control with that although the arcade version was really cool because you walked by pressing forward with the gun and you could back up it was really fun but the first Gun Survivor one I think was Code Veronica or was it the second one?
I think that was the second one.
But that's the one I played.
There was also Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City that was another one.
It's supposed to be coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and on Windows.
And Resident Evil 6 is also coming out.
So yeah, all kinds of stuff going on.
And then there's movies, which the movies don't really have a lot to do with the game.
Not anymore, really.
Just a few things that are in common.
And there were all kinds of comics went out.
They did a Mantua, which the Code Veronica one was actually really good.
I liked it.
All kinds of cool stuff.
So yeah, Resident Evil.
Worst voice acting ever in the first one, but it's laughable.
It's fantastic.
I think Resident Evil of the 3D generation of consoles, the PlayStation 1, was the first game that really spawned an entirely new genre, which was survival horror.
We have Resident Evil to thank for Silent Hill and that whole franchise.
Although Silent Hill took a different turn in survival horror.
Well, yeah, but just the whole dark, you know, you against monsters, that whole scary thing, I think Resident Evil sort of laid down the foundation.
I don't know.
I always thought Friday the 13th on the Nintendo sponsor.
No way, no way.
It was Nightmare on Elm Street.
Or maybe it was the Metal Gear, I think, was always kind of...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Alright, so is that it?
That's it?
That's it.
Classic game of the week, Resident Evil.
Oh, there's actually one more thing before I forget.
Make it quick.
Resident Evil 1.5.
Oh yeah.
That was a beta of Resident Evil 2 that had a different character named Elza Walker and Leon and she was like a motorcycle chick wearing the red and white leathers and they actually ended up scrapping it when it was about 60% done.
I'm trying to get my hands on one of those I think my N64 box the console system when the N64 first came out you know how they have on the side of the box the game like if you buy this console here are the games that are coming out I have one that has a Resident Evil 1.5 or 2 it was supposed to be Resident Evil 2 yeah that's on that and it never came out I guess for that system
DarkSakura,
We'll see what she picks next week.
So that could be very interesting.
We're going to talk about all that right after this when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Comic Insanity.
We go live on Tuesday.
You can download the podcast at Infamous.net.
That's N-F-A-M-O-U-S dot net.
And you can also find us on iTunes.
It's a comic book podcast done with, you've heard her on the show, Tiara, Mara and Marvel, and Dan Shadow.
And we are very, very fun.
Listen to us.
Very fun.
Listen to us and give us a five star.
Also pretty fun.
The Best Little Horde House in Azeroth.
It's a little side project Extifer and I have all about the world of Warcraft.
www.hordehouse.com for more information.
That's H-O-R-D-E-H-O-U-S-E.
Up to 20 episodes this week.
Woo!
We hit 30.
Nice.
You're old.
Oh wait, we're on 408 of this show.
I know, right?
Alright.
Quickly, gonna go to the rapid fire news and the tweets and all that stuff.
I wanted to ask us, let's just pop really quick though, speaking of Twitter and all that, some folks saw that you were doing a little bit of fundraising this week by selling off some of your video game collection, which I know is probably not an easy thing to do, but what were some of the stuff you sold this week and how did it do?
My most coveted title that I got rid of was Magic Knight Rayearth by Working Designs for the Sega Saturn.
It was the last game put out in the US for the Saturn months after the Saturn was already dead and buried.
They put this out.
Even more rare, I think, than Panzer Dragoon Saga, I want to say.
It's pretty... It's up there.
Although, Panzer Dragoon RPG...
was, I don't know, the two of them are pretty much rivals for hardest to find.
And so Rayearth was a top-down, basically it was a Legend of Zelda Link to the Past clone as far as visually how it looked.
It was a sort of RPG.
Anime cutscenes, it had the intro, the clamp anime.
Beautiful show.
They did such a good job with translating it, especially since they don't talk every time you touch something, like in a Japanese one.
It saved so much memory.
It was so much better.
Yeah.
So that went for... I've seen it go for over $100, but I got around $80 for it.
That's not too bad.
Yeah.
Great.
I never played it.
I opened it, loaded it, go, oh, neat.
Never touched it.
We've beaten it.
Bust a Move, not the puzzle bobble thing, but it was released in the U.S.
as Bust a Groove.
Yeah.
The soundtrack, I think, in the JP edition is a lot better.
Paper Mario 64, Ogre Battle 64, and a bunch of Saturn import stuff.
Darkstalkers, X-Men vs. Street Fighter.
And I'm going to have a round two of stuff going up next week, one of which will include the PS2 edition of Rez.
I'm getting rid of that.
Oh, wow.
Because I have it Rez HD on Xbox 360.
There you go.
And I think some DDR games you were going to get rid of too, right?
Yeah, I'm selling my PS1 third mix and best hits, which I think came out after fourth and before fifth.
Let me talk to you about Rez.
Okay.
All right.
Yeah.
So check that out.
That'll be up soon.
The reason, you know, I'm getting rid of these is because they're in great shape.
I know I'm never going to play them again, but actually having them in my hand, I wanted to hook my Saturn up to play some, you know, Vampire Savior, even though if it wasn't for me selling them, I never would have had the inkling to ever touch the game again, even though it's a great game.
It's just weird how you're attached to something, but you know you'd never play it unless you're confronted with getting rid of it.
It's just weird how nostalgia works.
That's kind of how our vault is, except we sometimes do get the wild hair to break out one of the systems and play it.
The whole reason we have so many systems is because nothing quite mimics having the controller in your hand.
You can play Vampire Savior with us.
I'll hook up to Saturn.
Number Porn
Yeah, there's some cool announcements.
Choplifter HD, it's a remake of the classic game.
It's supposed to be coming out on the PlayStation Network and PC this fall.
And based on some of the screenshots here...
Looks a little, I guess it looks pretty much like a classic game, just with the 3D, HD visuals.
Kind of cool looking.
I don't know.
Hopefully it turns out well.
And then another remake also in the works, Warlords.
The old Atari game is being remade.
That one's coming to Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network this summer.
You probably can expect that as part of the Summer of Gaming or whatever the hell they call it on the Xbox Live.
they're saying that it's gonna also I guess have the classic version as well as an evolved version I guess which was found or they had the evolved version which was in a previous Xbox Live Arcade release but this I guess is going to be something different I don't know
And then finally, Minecraft goes into beta 1.4.
And they added the wolves, cookies, and some other stuff.
um yeah tamable wolves cookies sleeping in a bed now resets your spawn position a new logo holding shift while climbing will hang on to the ladder spiders no longer trample crops and lots of lots and lots of infrastructure and statistic lists and achievements
Alright, neat.
Have you played Minecraft yet?
I still have not played Minecraft.
No, I have not either.
I watched a funny video today though of some girl's Minecraft house and she was just really funny.
It's like, oh my god, there's like 400 pounds of bacon right here and there were like pigs everywhere in front of her house.
It was really funny.
Nice.
I haven't played Minecraft, but yet I've played SingStar.
And SingStar is adding 40 new songs to the store, or did add 40 new songs to the store this week.
Now you can sing along with such karaoke classics as Cryin' by Aerosmith, Who Let the Dogs Out by the Baja Men, Crocodile Rock by Elton John.
Let's see.
I'm Good, I'm Gone by Leaky Lee.
Likey Lee?
I don't even know how to say her name.
Likey Lie.
She's crazier than Bjerk.
I don't know how you would sing along to that, but you can now.
Grace Kelly by Mika, a bunch of songs by the band Razorlight, and oh, just for Salacious Pop, I know you love the Pussycat Dolls, so you can do Hush Hush now on SingStar.
Also some dance add-ons have been sold as well, and then most interesting in a way, classical song packs.
I'm not sure how exactly you sing to the, I guess maybe it's old opera style, I don't know, but you can do Oh Sole Mio by DiCapua, Mozart with Queen of the Night Aria,
La Donna Immobile by Verdi.
I don't know why, but yeah, now classic songs are available.
I knew high school singers.
That's a series that's like Buku Crazy in Europe, right?
Yeah, it's pretty big over there.
And they're okay games here.
I mean, they had like the SingStar Queen and the SingStar Abba.
You know, probably the biggest thing about this is that the actual music videos, if available, play behind the song when you're singing it.
So that's pretty cool.
Can't wait to see the music video for the Mozart stuff.
I know, I'm kind of wondering how that's going to work.
I guess they have some generic video in the background there.
I don't know.
Well, some more information following, unfortunately, the tragedy in Japan.
It has some folks asking a little bit forward, what's going to happen to Tokyo Game Show 2011?
Well, now, there's no plans to cancel the Tokyo Game Show just yet, but they are saying it could happen in a reduced state.
This is in an interview that the Tokyo Game Show officials did with Kotaku.
They didn't say anything yet, but they did say, quote,
Depending on the situation from here on out, it's possible that the show is reduced.
The show is scheduled to take place in September.
I'm sure it'll still be a pretty big thing and they haven't said, oh, it's closed off to the public or any of that yet.
But they are treading a little bit carefully with a lot of uncertainty still happening in the world after the show.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and Akira Yamaoka, who of course was one of the minds behind Silent Hill and so forth.
He is doing a benefit album for Tsunami survivors.
It's called Play for Japan, kind of a play on words of the Pray for Japan Twitter hashtag that was going on at the time.
BattleStarGalactica BattleStarGalactica BattleStarGalactica
God, that had a great soundtrack, that show.
And Woody Jackson, who did Red Dead Redemption.
So some Western influence as well as from Japan.
So that's pretty awesome.
Kiriyamaoka also posted a letter at playforjapan.org, available in several languages.
So that's pretty cool.
It's supposed to come out in May 2011 on iTunes.
So you don't even have to leave the house to do your little bit to help support the Japanese relief.
I think that's a great idea.
Alright, let's move on.
DarkSakura.
Well, we have some Street Fighter news actually coming out of the UK.
There was registered for the BBFC for Super Street Fighter 4 Arcade Edition to be coming out in June.
That's the British Board of Film Classification, which also is in charge of video games for some reason.
Why can't they do that here?
Anyway.
Um... Capcom hasn't necessarily confirmed, but there's putting out that there's a... Um... That it could be download content.
Or you can buy an expansion.
They're still speculating.
So...
Music Unlimited
from what it looks like.
But like a legal way of doing it instead of like, you know, LimeWire or whatever the kids use these days.
Bit torn, I guess.
Yeah.
And then in Rock Band 3 news, we have Joy Division download content, which I like Joy Division.
But not just them.
We have Grand Funk Railroad, The Locomotion, and we're an American band.
And J. Giles Band Freeze Frame and Joy Division Love Will Tear Us Apart.
That's it.
Alright, let's go to the Twitter, but first I want to read a comment here from our chatroom at chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
Kassen in our chatroom says, I do not want the MPAA in charge of video game ratings.
Those guys are idiots.
Yeah, actually that's a really good point.
Those guys are idiots.
The way they rate some of those movies is unbelievable.
Let's go to the Twitter!
Twitter.com slash OLR is where you can send us tweets every week.
We read your tweets here on the show and we'll respond to them.
Fun ET Man sent us a tweet saying, I wonder if you will talk about this and sent us to an article on thelostlevels.org.
This is a website that likes to kind of find old prototypes and things that have changed in games.
They've done some stories on Zelda or whatever.
Well, this article happens to be on the game Bio Force Ape.
and I guess this is a game that was kind of recently finally dumped into a ROM.
Here's the deal.
This game never actually came out.
It was teased in Nintendo Power in the early 90s.
It was an NES game.
And in this game, you take control of Bioforce Ape, a genetically altered super chimpanzee as he tries to make his way through a high-tech maze to rescue his adopted human family.
What?
Yeah, right?
Apparently, one of the best parts of the game is when Bioforce 8 takes a wild, out-of-control ride on one of the speeding platforms, or coal cars.
Animation is humorous, and so on and so on.
And, yeah, so I guess there was this whole debacle.
Somebody had the game, it came out in 2005 that the game was out there, and that there was photographic evidence taken, and I guess...
Obviously, the thing had bugs in it and so forth.
The guy was urged to sell the prototype, but he was really scared about the ROM getting out there.
More stuff came out, including this humorous punching of a slime-looking thing that says, Eat Communism.
It's like a monkey made out of butter.
What is that?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
Go, monkey, go!
and teleporters and traps.
So now you get teleporters in the game.
Of course, Snake360 had the four-player battles.
It was very multiplayer.
They really should just let him put it out on Xbox Live.
It would be really cool if you could actually play it through the interwebs.
DarkSakura.com
Spazinator tweets us a story.
It's a Sony story here.
Let me see what this is all about.
I got to load this.
It's not loading.
God damn it.
He's trying to Rick Roll us.
You little bastard.
I cut it off before he could.
Was that real?
Yeah, it started to come up.
It said Rick Astley.
I'm like, nope.
Nope.
Done with that.
So congratulations, Spazinator.
You have banned yourself from Twitter for one whole month.
We will not be reading your tweets for one whole month.
Burnout Crash
Burnout Crash is coming to the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3 I guess EA hasn't announced a new Burnout game But Australia actually released a classification for Burnout Crash And I guess surfing some LinkedIn profiles it's found out that this is happening It's an Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 title No official announcement yet It seems logical there would be another Burnout game at some point
hopefully it's a little more like the older games like I know the Burnout Paradise or whatever was really well supported but you know that franchise still sells really well right as far as I know yeah Paradise was awesome yeah so alright I mean come on you gotta love it's like oh any moment I wanna go in the crash mode okay crash mode it was awesome
American's Average 13 Minutes Playing Video Games on TV Daily
Only 13 minutes?
I think that's the people who play for four hours at a time, balancing out those that don't play at all.
I don't know how that works.
But yeah, adults spend an average of 13 minutes a day using a TV to play video games.
That's from Nielsen's State of the Media, U.S.
TV Trends by Ethnicity.
I guess...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Ironically enough, though, you have to admit this is a little bit ironic.
According to their little graph here, the smallest ethnicity, or I should say the smallest play time by any ethnicity, nine minutes, Asians.
Who knew?
There you go.
Because they have the tiger mom.
I guess, I don't know.
All right.
Let's move on.
Something a little less racial, please.
Loki.
A little less racial?
All right, fine.
No, so we're going to talk a little bit about the 3DS.
Obviously, 3DS probably did pretty well.
I mean, I'd assume.
Nintendo's saying it's the best first day handheld sales launch ever.
So...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So, good for them, I suppose.
Unfortunately, though, it wasn't without problems.
There are some issues with the 3DS, including some crashes.
Apparently, people have been running into some software crashes that require the system to be shut off and then turned back on to get it playing right.
Apparently, this was fixed in the latest firmware, the one you download to get your little 3D video from OK Go.
so that's kind of cool at least that's been fixed however something that's not really going to be able to be fixed within some sort of patching system is the fact that the hinges once again are loose or at least some people are reporting loose hinges which require you to actually send your system back in to get it repaired what a slut that 3DS must be totally loose I heard I haven't had that problem with loose hinge yet but I know it was something that plagued a lot of systems before especially on the DS Lite kind of sucks
But thankfully, not a problem for me
Lawsuit.
Somebody is suing EA.
There might be some weight to this one, though.
It's not one of those class action lawsuits or somebody mad about something a little frivolous.
This could have some actual weight to it.
You know the game John Madden Football?
Well, you ought to, because this is the series that became Madden NFL, like what, 07, 08, 09, 11, 10, every year.
Annual sequel.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But it's not like totally freaking gray.
So, you know, this is a long old game.
Well, my point with this here is that Robin Antonik, who created the very first game and you see his name there in the programming there in Madden, apparently 23 years after this very first game, he is not seeing any revenue from it.
Now, he has filed suit against Electronic Arts for tens of millions in royalties, and apparently he was responsible for the development of virtually all the groundbreaking technology at the heart of the game.
That's at least what he claims in his suit.
EA has not paid this guy any royalties since 1992 was the last time he got royalties.
Interesting.
I mean, he did make the original game.
It was kind of his baby.
I mean, I'm sure the game has changed many times since then.
Something you may not know, John Madden Football did not have actual NFL teams.
They didn't have the NFL license at the time.
EA got that years later.
So, you know, you could say the game's changed a whole fuckton since the beginning.
So maybe this guy doesn't deserve anything.
Well, yeah, I mean, it's John Madden's namesake that's the brand.
You know, the actual announcer guy.
but this person Robin sounds like he might have signed a bad contract when they took the license from him where he was paid up front for the concept of what it is but I'd have to read more about what the actual the complaint that was filed in court I would need to read that to know how reasonable this is
Yeah, but so it's going to be interesting.
I mean, especially with such a huge franchise to see kind of what happens with this.
But, you know, a lot of times, especially back in the day, I mean, back in the 80s, you know, this was always a huge thing where programmers really weren't getting the credit they deserved.
I mean, that was why Activision was kind of formed in the first place.
It was a bunch of people really upset that programmers didn't get more credit in Atari games.
The very first Easter egg in a video game was where the dude's initials were in Adventure.
That was so that the guy could kind of sneak his credit in there because Atari never credited their programmers and game designers.
But Activision, remember the names like David Crane and so forth?
These guys would make the games and get to put their names on them.
Because a lot of these Atari games were by one guy or two guys.
And they're cool guys.
so bad it's like the worst port ever but it's so funny because you play the old school Pac-Man on the 2600 and it really is garbage but then they had a Ms.
Pac-Man later Ms.
Pac-Man was great for an Atari game it was great well the reason why is because the Ms.
Pac-Man was on like a 4K cart whereas the Pac-Man was on like half that maybe a quarter of that I don't know so like the whole like drawing one ghost every frame why the ghost flickered so terribly that was a restriction of the cartridge I mean think about it
Those programmers had 2K to design an entire game.
2K is how long an essay is.
It's crazy.
Anyhow.
Boy, we sure get into classic gaming discussion a lot on this show.
It's pretty good.
It's because we loves it.
We do.
And we're old.
DarkSakura?
We?
What do you mean we?
I'm sorry.
Especially DarkSakura.
Hey!
Don't make me break out the Vuvuzela.
How about I break out another news story?
Well, Monolith Soft's putting out a Wii RPG, Xenoblade, and it's being localized for Europe.
Yay.
It's actually going up for Xenoblade Chronicles.
that although the trailer itself is untranslated it shows basically all of the imagery going out Nintendo of Europe put out a press release and then removed it but somebody actually managed to get it out and get the information out and it's supposed to have English and Japanese voice options so maybe we'll get it here too
I'm assuming if they're going to spend the time to translate into English that they're going to release it in more than one region.
But what if there's like an elevator in the game and they call it a lift?
Americans might not understand.
Oh my god, where will they find that?
One employee do type...
and Elevator.
Woo!
That was a day's work there.
What if somebody in the game, maybe there's a smoking scene and the guy says he's going to go out and have a fag and that could never go over here in the U.S.
because, like, you know, glad will sue.
Once again, you know, that same employee on day two could easily type cigarette.
This looks pretty good, though.
Or maybe they're going to go out and have a crumpet and people will be like, they don't know what the fuck that is over in the United States.
Pants versus trousers.
People will just burst into tears.
My favorite one is the word fanny.
It's not just a pack anymore.
No.
Fanny here is your butt.
There's the vag.
Oh, my.
Is that why a fanny pack is really in the front?
A friend of mine explained that to me.
Of course.
Well, you know why I always giggle when I pass the catering place?
Because it's called Randy Peter's.
All EA has to do is prove that his code was not used after 1992, or that the contract with them was only valid until 1992.
Hmm.
Spazinator says, yet Activision no longer gives credits and manuals anymore.
Oh, the irony.
And DarkToagak follows that up with, what the fuck is a game manual?
I thought they did have credits and game manuals.
They were just like all the way in the back.
They do, and then EA doesn't have manuals anymore, from what I remember.
Really?
They're all digital now.
It's all online now?
Digital manuals?
It's all on the disc.
I think you just have to make the information available.
This game looks super pretty, by the way.
Xenoblade
Yeah, except that, you know, Sony decided, hey, you know what?
We got this PlayStation phone coming out, so let's get it removed.
So, PSX4Droid was removed from the Android marketplace without warning due to a content policy violation.
He's, I guess, saying, you know, what the hell?
He figured it was from the, you know, Xperia Play coming out.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
And the initial offerings, of course, were Cool Boarders 2, Destruction Derby, Jumping Flash, Medieval 2, and Syphon Filter.
And all those are available for $6, or 3.99.
And I guess it's the same price that they're going on the PlayStation Network right now.
It is kind of funny, though.
I guess they're saying that...
I don't know.
I would think... I thought the marketplace for Android was open.
I mean, if you can't get your app on the Android marketplace, I mean, there's other marketplaces out there where you can, I don't know, upload it somewhere else and someone can download it from that website.
Am I correct, I think?
Because I know they have the Amazon marketplace now, and obviously that's not on the Android marketplace.
I don't know, iPhones all different.
Yeah, everyone in here has an iPhone.
Yeah, I know, so sorry.
Don't mean to be ignorant, but it's how it is.
Well, I mean, that sucks, I guess, but it makes sense because obviously if there's a free PlayStation or even a PlayStation that you can buy and then download the ROMs for, that would kind of defeat the point of having to buy all these different games.
And...
If it is anything like a normal Android phone, if people really want to, since it is legal to jailbreak your phone, you could jailbreak or root your phone and download this anyways.
Really, why play a PlayStation game on your phone?
You know?
Why buy a phone that's meant for playing PlayStation games?
And I think of like, how in the fuck are you supposed to play a PlayStation game with that type of setup?
But then I forget, oh yeah, these Xperia Plays and stuff, they actually have buttons.
They're like PSPs, but they actually work as phones.
So that makes a lot more sense to me.
I don't know.
I mean, it's not like this thing plays PSP games.
It plays PlayStation 1 games.
I mean, really?
Your PSP will play PlayStation 1 games, too.
Exactly.
I mean, if you really want something to play PlayStation 1 games on, seriously, go find a Generation 1 PSP.
Oh my god, that would probably be pretty dirt cheap.
Or go to a farmer's market auction thing that has the, you know, I'm thinking like Denio is here locally, but they have PlayStations everywhere.
There are PSPs everywhere.
Even an actual PlayStation 1's.
I wouldn't... Yeah, PlayStation 1's... On the go, PlayStation 1's not very portable.
I mean, you could technically do it with a battery pack and stuff, but it's... I seem to remember some little screen you could plug in the back of the base.
They have the screen.
They do have the screen, and they're used for hacking stuff quite a bit.
They're definitely used for portable consoles more than the actual PlayStation 1, but...
I mean, seriously, you just buy a PSP and just play your PlayStation 1 games on there if you really want to do it.
And that way you don't get locked into a contract and you don't need to buy this expensive phone for it.
But people like gaming on the phone.
Here's my thing.
It's good that they have these buttons, but are all the developers really using it?
No, they are not.
So don't expect to buy this and go all of a sudden, oh, hey, now I can play Mega Man 2 or something like that really easily using the buttons because you're not going to be able to.
I don't know.
It's whatever.
I mean, if you want to do this, this is something for you.
Just, you know, know it's out there now.
Misty in our chat room says, speaking of iPhones, someone needs to get theirs away from a mic.
Jamie?
I'm dealing something with Dan.
Oh, well, still, it's... I moved it.
Look, it's over here.
And you know, whenever anybody hears that do-do-do tone, like everybody looks at their iPhone, any iPhone owner, whenever that, there's some commercial on the radio that uses that tone, and it's terrible.
I don't do that because my volume on my iPod is turned off, and also my iPod is turned off, like a normal person would.
You iPhone people, crazy.
Well, maybe my mommy needs to contact me in an emergency.
She would text me.
My husband's two states away, so I'm trying to keep in touch with him.
No, I understand that.
That's no problem, but I'm just saying, you know.
I don't know what you're saying.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's just that they just bank on people are going to stop caring after seven or eight years or whatever the abandonware sites say.
Well, I guess these sites were hosting Ultima 4 and sites have been giving away that game since like the late 90s.
This game dates all the way back to 1985.
and DarkSakura.
All new MMOs from EA
so could it be that EA is trying to protect this old IP all of a sudden because they're about to announce a new Ultima MMO at E3 who knows so of course as brought up earlier in the show Ultima Online has been out since 1997 and so it is a 14 year old game so maybe it's going to get an update and that could also explain this whole loyalty program thing coming out of the blue it seems like you know like maybe like a last hurrah for Ultima Online before they're about to announce something big at E3 who knows
And the last time that we heard something about this happening was the Sarian games that had all the Space Quest and King's Quest for Sierra Online available to play.
And then the fan, the fandom game, I'm blanking on the name.
Silver Lining.
Silver Lining.
They got a C and D and we thought, oh, it's just, you know, the Activision being horrible, but it looked like, no, the Telltale or not.
yeah Telltale's yeah Telltale got the King's Quest revamp license and it's like oh well maybe they weren't just being total assholes there's actually a relevant reason for them to do those CNDs this because that happened just one or two months ago that gives me reason to believe this Ultima story has can hold water very good point yeah all right well we'll see what happens I think E3 will be very telling this could be one of the big things they announced uh would there be interest in Ultima C Ultima was that was a big Richard Garriott thing too remember that was like his baby
I didn't actually own my own gaming PC or a PC period until like 95, 96.
So all the Ultima stuff that came before, personally, I missed out on all of the Ultima stuff during the 80s.
See, I owned 3 and 4 on the NES.
I owned both of them on the NES, and they were great games.
Well, they were really hardcore.
They were not like Final Fantasy.
They were pretty in-depth.
I think 3 had an amazing soundtrack, too.
Weren't they off a model of just Dungeons & Dragons?
Which was Ultima Exodus?
Um, was three.
Yeah, because I tried playing that one.
I had it on NES.
Yeah, with the two moons that were always in the corner.
It could be like the Cleric or the Druid.
There was like a million classes in it.
Yeah, that was Ultima.
And then there was Ultima Quest of the Avatar, which was a little more.
But see, those games are really not like their PC counterparts.
They were really, I don't want to say dumbed down, but they were really changed for the NES.
Mine ended up under a lawnmower.
Not my fault.
Wow.
Poor game.
Yeah.
DarkSakura.com
There was one big one that 7, 8, or 9, I don't know, had a lot of hype to it.
Yeah, so, well, they all had some hype to them.
But now Richard Garriott's long gone, you know?
Well, I mean, he's not, like, dead or anything, but he went off and did Tabula Rasa, which tanked, unfortunately, for him.
That was the whole space MMO.
That was an NCSoft free... It was not free.
It was never free.
It was an NCSoft pay game that just never took off.
I played it once.
It was all right, but it was more like a shooter-type game.
And yeah, that didn't go over so well.
Well, maybe after that whole debacle failed, maybe he's coming back and doing this.
Who knows?
Could be a variety of things.
Alright, let's get to the mailbag.
Every week we invite your emails at mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com And DarkSakura's gonna dive into the email bag headfirst and pull out a couple emails that she thinks are worth sharing with us tonight.
I found some sticky ones.
Robert M.
No, I think you have a right to question those types of emails.
Exactly, and also I don't think that they are actually having you agree to those terms of services through that.
I got an email, I think.
I just ignored it because I don't care.
I did get an email, but the minute I went back into the PS3, I played PS3 just a couple days ago, I think after the first, because that's when we were playing Mortal Kombat.
It was Friday, right?
Yeah.
and it made me re-accept the turns of service when I signed in.
So that'll all happen through your PlayStation.
So don't do anything with email.
I was watching Supernatural on Friday night and it didn't have me do anything.
Maybe you weren't connecting to the interwebs?
IDK.
Might be.
Okay, next email.
Note, the following letter has been mirrored posted to the Sims 3 online forums.
And this is also titled, by the way, A Satirical Response to the Dragon Age 2 Protest Letter.
Dear sirs, in the past week I've been playing a lot of the game The Sims 3 on my iPad.
I like most of the game, however there is one element of the game that absolutely offends me.
In the game you can make different meals for yourself and whoever you happen to be living with at the point in the game.
Among the meal options you can choose from is vegetable soup.
This option deeply offends me.
As an ardent carnivore, I eat meat with every meal.
Every!
I eat meat with breakfast, meat with lunch, meat with afternoon snack, meat with dinner, meat with my late night snack.
I eat meat like it's going out of style, which, after going to my local Whole Foods, it just might be.
The option of eating vegetable soup offends me as I feel meat should be not only an option of what to eat at meals, it should be THE option.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I will post an online petition that will surely be signed by many of the gamers who identify and agree with me.
Online petitions are no joke.
Think of all the things that have changed because of online petitions.
Think of it.
Yours truly, Red Entertainment.
Satire over.
This message has been brought to you by the tachymeter.
That collection of numbers on the outside of your watch... Oh, tachometer.
That collection of numbers on the outside of your watch that you have no idea what the fuck it's there for.
Tachometers on your car...
To show you your RPMs, right?
So, yeah, I thought the parody, though, was pretty funny.
I mean, it's pretty right on.
I lulled.
So, what's the name of the guy from Bioware that did that old, the David... David something.
Spader?
No, that's an actor.
Yeah, he's an actor.
Well, that's David Spade, but it's Gator.
There's an online petition to get him fired because I guess the same-sex options, the NPCs in Dragon Age 2, whether it be the female, what's her name?
Meryl?
The elf girl Meryl, yeah.
I think Meryl will hit on you no matter what gender you are.
Okay, but just... And so will, I think it's Varric, the dwarf guy?
Yeah, I think they're just set to be attracted to the main person.
Yeah, but I just thought it was funny that he had put out that response to that one idiot guy who wrote in, but there's also just a petition to get him fired because I guess the gay and lesbian characters are horny.
That's butt-tarded.
If anyone's horny, it's Isabella.
I found it.
Here's the petition.
It's on PetitionSpot.com.
Please don't visit it.
It says, Fire David Gator for stereotyping gays.
As a homosexual playing Dragon Age 2, I've witnessed the worst stereotype homosexual characters in this game.
If you refuse to make your moves on a gay character, then you are received rivalry points for not wanting to be gay for the character.
This is completely wrong.
Homosexuals do not approach people and force them to kiss us.
This is the type of garbage that has people believe gays shouldn't serve in the military.
We are human beings that are the same as everyone else.
Please sign this petition if you wish that Dragon Age senior writer David Gator should be fired.
and this is by the user Oakland how about fuck you because get this if okay if all right say we have I'm just gonna use Meryl for example and she's hitting on my female rogue but in the male scenario she hits on the male rogue too and you reject her is that going to make her like you anymore is it gonna make her a little bit upset with you it doesn't matter gender she's still hitting on whoever
Alright, so we would like to give a big hearty OLR fuck you to the following people who have signed this petition and posted their names publicly on the internet for us all to see.
After all, it was your choice to sign this in a public forum.
So we'd like to give a good hearty fuck you to Ryan Cukor, John Holmes,
Ryan Guerrero, John Jamerson, William Wallace, Matt Gebhardt, Keegan Murasaki, Joshua Daniel, Bear Wagner,
Alexander Rich, Orlando Vides, Sally Minamoto, Dylan Carey IP Freely, I think Some of these are funny Jordan Coward, Daniel Young I'm trying to greet the people that have pictures Jonathan Price, Bobby Bowden Let's see, let's give a couple more fuck yous here Courtesy of Orange Lounge Radio to the following users on positionfitspot.com Jose Carlton
Amy Veers, Anton Sinia, Aiden Woodruff, Benjamin Lee, Alex Diaz, Nikita Belkolpyatov, Harvey Vdarsky, and Luca Patterson.
a hearty fuck you from Orange Lounge Radio I just, I don't know I brought that up to say that that Sims parody letter is awesome and that you can't please everybody or someone will always have a problem with what you're doing.
This is people looking for drama where there is none.
It's like what is so boring in your life that you have to make drama to be upset about?
Seriously?
The world is not about you.
My favorite, though, is that there are totally people trolling that, like half of the signatures are trolls.
Well, there was one that I wanted you to read, but it was obviously a troll one.
What was that?
It was like some gay dude that wants to get boned every day or something.
It was, I don't know, funny.
There you go.
All right, ready for the next?
Yes.
Hello, OLR.
First off, I want to let you know that I'm typing this on my iPhone, so if there are any weird words, it's probably autocorrect.
Okay.
A while ago I emailed asking if either the OLR crew or anyone in the chat room knew of any video game characters who wear knitted clothing, like Riku Scarf in Final Fantasy X-2 or Nora S. Thyme's sweater in Final Fantasy XIII.
I'm still looking for suggestions, but I found another character.
Final Fantasy III's Lunath, some purple sweater under his jacket.
That's true.
Sky requested that I send some pics of past projects.
I've included some of my past works.
The gray afghan I'm working on now and that green scarf also doubled as a shawl for this petite model.
I'm looking forward for suggestions on video game characters knitted attire, so let me know.
You should totally knit me stuff.
Can you knit a Mobius scarf?
Because I totally want one.
Anyway, on a completely random note, the other night I had a really screwed up dream where the three OLR hosts were included.
Oh, I don't know if I'm afraid.
Anyway,
for some reason we were in some Everglades slash Marsh looking place and me and DarkSakura were in one dune buggy and Loki and Skye were in another following us a building to our left exploded like a balloon filled with water as we drove by it for some reason they veered off the path and were following a higher path that swerved in and out of the main that we were on
Don't eat before you go to bed Don't eat before you go to bed
make you dream weird shit or don't sleep with NyQuil tonight on the Orange Lounge Radio knitting and crocheting video game show we're going to talk about how to knit a nice little scarf I think this stuff is kind of neat actually where they're taking this one step further into the whole making tangible goods from video game inspired stuff and I know DarkSakura you're really into this
I'm surprised there aren't more people that kind of like crochet the whole like 8-bit patterns using the old sprite graphics to like make those what are those things the needle point or whatever this is gonna be a bray yeah but I'm talking about like can't you like stitch a like sprite into those
you theoretically could on a crocheted item you just need the grid but Becky does needlepoint and then there's cross stitch I think in a recent issue of the official World of Warcraft magazine they feature a fan who does handmade plushies that are very intricate and exquisitely done she's not allowed to sell them but because they're so good they gave her a pictorial in the magazine so she makes like moonkin plushies and
I want a walrus person, whatever they're called.
I want them.
These should be playable.
You never know.
Let's see the pictures.
Oh, I closed it.
Hold on.
Hold on!
Check this out.
There you go.
There's one picture?
Oh, wow.
Very intricate.
Yeah, very intricate.
I can't nip for shit, but I can sure croquet.
Hey, you rhymed.
Oh, sheep!
That's so cute.
Oh, it has little numbers on the sheep.
That's cute.
They're counting sheep.
I get it.
And it is just so fantastic radio, huh?
It's amazing radio.
Let's look at some pictures together, guys.
And there's a scarf.
And a pretty lady wearing it.
My chair's decided that it doesn't want to stay up anymore.
Well, this is like his model.
Yeah.
Look at that.
She kind of looks like she's been crying, though.
Don't be sad.
You're wearing pretty stars.
That's red eye from the camera, Rob.
From back here, it looks like crying.
I'm like, don't be crying.
You're wearing pretty stars.
It needs color correction.
She better be crying.
Photoshop, please.
All right.
Let's move on.
This is a terrible video where we're looking at pictures.
That's actually cool.
Kind of like a houndstooth.
All right.
Last email.
Hi, OLR.
Seeing as the mailbag has been rather light as of late, I thought I'd send an email for the upcoming show.
I just wanted to touch on a few subjects, but I'll try to keep this email from going on too long.
You failed.
I was going to say, I see a wall of words from back here.
Wall of Words crits you for 9,000 hit points.
First off, as of the time I typed this on Thursday afternoon, there's no notable free videos on the PSN Video Store.
If something were to be added between now and when the OLR airs, we're the OLR now.
I'll mention it either in chat or via Twitter topics.
Although there's nothing good that's free so far, I should mention the PSN Video Store does have a petty decent sale going on for the outright purchase of SD versions of miscellaneous comedy movies such as Airplane, Disaster Movie, Joe Dirt, RV, Team America, several MST3K titles, etc.,
as well as three stand-up comedy specials and select seasons of Super Jail, Aqua Teen Hunger Force, and the anime series called Dururara?
The Complete Series.
Excuse you.
Yeah.
The movies and stand-up specials are normally $10 while the other stuff is normally $2 but during the sale they're half
on the subject of video stores I've noticed that the XBL slash Zune video marketplace has been updated to include a new tab specifically for free TV shows, sneak previews, etc this should be very helpful that stuff has been grouped together in one place rather than having to hunt around for it at all
Lastly, I want to touch on the PS3 version of Free Realms, which has been released via PSN this past Tuesday.
Although I haven't put enough time into it to give a full, fair review of it, I at least would like to give my early impressions of it, which are mixed.
Frankly, there's a few, a couple things hurting it.
Was it a few or a couple?
In terms of the game's overall appearance, it can best be described as if Mr. Rogers had made a stew out of Barney, the Teletubbies, most Nickelodeon cartoons, and the Power Rangers.
Eight said stew, then vomited all over Unicorn, a bunny-infested world of Warcraft.
That's about right.
Whether this is a positive or negative is purely subjective and personal preference.
This email has been brought to you by NyQuil.
Capital N, small y, big fucking Q. NyQuil, NyQuil, NyQuil, we love you, you giant fucking Q. See, DarkSakura, I can quote Dennis Leary too.
That's it.
Well, I guess somebody kind of agrees with me on Free Realms.
It's a horrible piece of crap game that makes no sense, that you have no idea what to do.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
No, I'm kidding.
I call it the sphincter of MMOs.
It's not the worst game I've ever played, but it's just not good.
The sphincter of MMOs.
It's not the crap that comes out.
I don't know if it's the sphincter, but it's definitely like the upper intestine.
Well, my reason for saying the sphincter is because it's not the crap, it's just where the crap comes from.
Okay.
You win.
Let's get angsty and do some angry, raw FUs of the week.
My FU goes towards the repaving of the sidewalk, the street outside of my house.
Because they're closing the street tomorrow and Tuesday from, I want to say, 7 in the morning until 5 in the afternoon.
and I really shouldn't have to leave my house until like 9 to get to school because I'm making up time at school and instead I have to park my house a block away at my friend's house so that I can walk to my car in the morning and then go to school which is not that far, I'm not complaining about walking but I complain about walking that I shouldn't have to do they should do this like at night with sound mufflers around them
or they should give us money to be in communities.
But I guess we're getting anywhere without an exploit.
Money rocks.
Loki!
Um... I don't know, there's not a whole lot that I'm really mad about.
Just, I guess, F you to lack of sleep because I haven't been getting a lot of sleep.
I have to wake up way early in the morning and, you know, one or two days isn't bad but doing it for eight months straight now takes a toll on you.
It makes you go a little crazy!
Oh, you were already crazy, Loki.
I know, and just compounded on top of that.
Um, I don't know.
Things have been pretty good for me.
I don't really have a lot to say F you to do.
Ants.
Yes, F you to ants.
Oh, little bastards.
I hate them.
That's a good one.
Thank you.
Slash spot.
How about you?
Even if it's for really good reasons, like a new job or, you know...
a new beginning or whatever the process of moving as an adult is one of the most annoying bullshitty things a grown person can do to themselves you've got to change your address get the stupid postal card pack up everything you own get friends to help you move even if it's awesome and nothing goes wrong moving is bullshit there you go
Moving is hard.
It's for grown-ups.
No, it stinks.
I don't like it.
All right.
Anyhow, that's it for the FUs of the week.
Let's move on to a couple more stories and then your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
As if we didn't need more reasons to believe that there's going to be a new Grand Theft Auto announced at E3.
Well, there's been a casting call for people to do some character...
voiceover work and one of those characters happens to be from the Grand Theft Auto universe including the guy's name is James Pattison and he was a guest aside character at least in San Andreas where he openly recounted acts of pedophilia and
and in Grand Theft Auto 4 he was arrested by the Indonesian police after being suspected of child molestation in Bali.
So...
Yeah, apparently he's coming back in the next game, and someone's going to be doing the voice for him.
Some other characters they name as well, they're pretty generic sounding.
Samantha, a young female obsessed with sex parties, always dreaming of being a Hollywood celebrity.
Also, let's see here...
What else?
There were some other characters I thought they were talking about too as well.
A lot of weird stuff.
But yeah, so probably new game coming out.
I would not be surprised next year.
Exciting!
I love it!
And the rumor is that it's supposed to be going back to Los Santos, which was from San Andreas.
Probably one of the best Grand Theft Auto games ever.
Yeah.
I think a new Grand Theft Auto game is kind of a given.
San Andreas was an analog of LA in that game.
Was Los Santos Las Vegas or no?
No, Los Santos was part of San Andreas because there's three cities in San Andreas.
It was Los Santos, San Friera, and Las Venturas.
Las Venturas was the analog of San Francisco.
Vegas, San Francisco, and Los Angeles.
Alright, but that game was massive.
It's just
Thanks for watching!
I've got the old hot coffee disc from the Playstation 2 and my sister's been borrowing it forever even though she doesn't need to because there's a rip on the hard drive of that Playstation 2 that she has so I just need to get back and play it on my generation 1 Playstation 3 full backwards compatibility oh yeah
All right, well, one more story for you guys before we get to the phone calls, and this is about a man named Phil Fish, and you might not know that game, or you might not know that name, but he is making the game Fez.
It's an indie game, and it's going to be coming out on Xbox Live Arcade, possibly the PC and the PlayStation 3, but probably not the Wii.
In an interview with Destructoid, he was quoted saying, quote, "...right now we're only concentrating on XBLA, which makes the most sense for us at the time."
PC and PlayStation Network would also make a lot of sense, but in my opinion, WiiWare just wouldn't be worth our time and effort.
It's a dismal system that I don't want to deal with, neither as a customer nor a developer.
No demos?
Fuck off.
And that's a quote from this guy.
So he basically told the WiiWare system it can go, you know, fuck off.
Now, granted, this guy, I don't want to say he's a nobody, but his game hasn't really been proven yet.
He's one of those garage developers that Nintendo kind of doesn't want in their house anyway.
So I don't know if this story carries a lot of weight, but, I mean, the guy did kind of have the balls to call out Nintendo, but I kind of think it's not going to really change a goddamn thing in the scope of things.
But he really does have a point.
Why do people keep developing for WiiWare when it's kind of shit?
Exactly.
And as I posted on Twitter earlier this week, remember Nintendo was commenting on how they wanted to make sure they kept the garage developers out because in order to make sure that there's quality products coming out on WiiWare and DSiWare and stuff like that.
Guess what came out on DSiWare this week?
It was a program to take pictures of your friends and put them in funny Halloween-themed backgrounds.
It looked like shit.
It looked like something that was on the iOS platform.
Yay, clip art!
Wait, Halloween-themed?
Yes, like monster-themed stuff.
I'm sorry, the best one on the iPhone was that hair one.
Oh, yeah, that was funny.
And the Make Your Friends Fat application is funny, too.
And the Unicorn.
I mean, it was absolutely terrible.
And perfect week to come out, right after I just said, or right after they said, oh, we need to make sure quality's on there.
Yeah, that's some quality shit right there.
You're so much better than the iOS platform.
What was I thinking, even contemplating that you would ever allow something that terrible to be on your network?
Oh, Nintendo, you don't need these garage developers at all.
You got your Mario games that you're recaching putting out.
So, whatever, that's fine.
They're better off, you know, not going to the WiiWare service.
But seriously, I mean, come on.
Demos.
I mean, demos have been around for fucking years now.
And you can't implement demos on your WiiWare service.
Or you just don't want to because a lot of the shit's crap on there.
And it's just terrible games.
And, oh, haha, you downloaded it too late.
Nintendo just kind of doesn't get online.
I think it's the same story every week.
Okay, they don't get online.
And they don't have any demos for Wii games.
They don't have any demos for any...
I mean, they had demos one time for a select few WiiWare games, so it is possible.
Fuck it, we don't give a shit.
Our customers don't need demos.
Our quality speaks for itself.
It should be a no-brainer.
I must buy everything, Nintendo.
the developers of Super Meat Boy which I think is one of the most successful indie games since Braid really the two studios that were most willing to work with them was XBLA and Steam Sony wasn't really interested in the game and when they wanted to put out a WiiWare edition of Super Meat Boy they were fine with the no demo thing but just the restrictions they had to put on the game really crippled it they just cancelled the whole thing because the WiiWare platform and how big the game has to be was shitty
I mean, this is a company that thinks that users can't understand megabytes.
They have to put it down to blocks.
Really, how is 5 megabytes and 5 blocks any fucking different?
I mean, other than being really confusing to the fact that how many... When you have 64 and you take away 2...
You're left with 62.
Yeah, but then you have to figure out, okay, I have a 2 gigabyte memory card that's in my 3DS or in my Wii system.
How many fucking blocks is that?
I don't know.
No one knows.
Is the 3DS still speaking blocks?
Yes, it does.
Oh, God.
Yes, it does.
I mean, come on, man.
Everybody's using computers nowadays.
The term megabyte's been around forever.
Even if they don't, they have an 8 gig iPod.
They know what 8 gig means.
The terminology is everywhere now.
And even still, though, why is it so hard to, you know, megabyte?
Okay, well, I don't know what a megabyte is, but I know that I have this many on this memory card.
How is that difficult?
It's not.
It really isn't.
But for whatever reason, they decided, let's go ahead and do that again.
Just like they make a lot of poor decisions when it comes to different software and features that they have on these systems.
Whatever.
You know what, Nintendo?
You can play this game as long as you want, and your system will be successful for a while, and eventually you're going to hit that slump again.
They mark it to grandmother's.
You're going to hit that slump again, and then you're going to be in fucking last place, and all that shit, now you've got to catch up again.
So ride the wave while you can, but eventually it's going to come crashing down.
All right.
Well, let's get to the Skype line.
We're going to open that on up.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Give us a call.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Sony wants access to all those people's hard drives that filed for the other OS lawsuits because they're saying they may be part of a bigger hacker conspiracy.
Thank you.
So basically they're saying everybody that wanted Linux on their system, they're a hacker and they're out to destroy Sony.
Wasn't the government using it?
Oh yeah, but they're hackers and they're out to destroy Sony.
Why put that in your system if you think that everybody's hackers out to destroy Sony?
If Sony made the goddamn system, why don't they just make some program that lets them see what's in the system?
I'm sure they could do that remotely, like a whole Skynet thing.
It's just terrible.
But here's the thing.
I mean, well, if you think about it, though, if they made some sort of program and they had it where you connected online to see that kind of stuff, that would update their system and they would be unable to have the other OS in there because you can't update your system anymore if you want to keep that.
But...
The real... Well, one reason they wanted to see the hard drives is to make sure that they actually did have other OS on.
And this is their PlayStation 3 hard drives, not their PCs.
They wanted to make sure they had other OS on there.
But at the same time, though, and the judge doesn't understand, is when you put other OS on there, it's now a computer.
And you need to go through the protocols for discovery for that kind of stuff where you have to have a third-party company look at the stuff.
Not Sony...
Going through and having full access to your hard drive of your now computer Alright, let's go to the phones Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hey, it's Ranma.
What's up, everyone?
Nothing much, just trying to recover for a sleepy Sunday night listening to your show.
But yeah, just going on the debate of how Nintendo's basically... They're basically regressive at this point.
I mean, they're pissing off devs to... And it goes back to how much pride they have.
Remember how they covertly...
Dist, you know, the developers of Angry Birds.
Yes, I remember that.
The CEO actually, like, he actually, you know, he didn't mention it in name, but he actually mentioned them.
and, you know, within that same aspect that they're just, like, bringing down the wages.
Kind of like, you know, it's kind of like those, uh, you ever seen that episode of South Park where the, you know, the Goobax episode, and you see the guy shouting, they took our jobs.
It's pretty much like that.
They're complaining about how, just because it's a zero-sum game, well, to them it appears to be a zero-sum game, that it's just like, it's not worth, it doesn't pay to be a developer anymore.
But in the other...
DarkSakura
You would see that it's a pretty big number.
Even myself.
Think of the shit tons they're making not just off the game itself, but all the licensed tie-ins now.
Exactly.
Think about it.
They have a free version on the Android market that runs on ads alone.
How many impressions are that through AdSense?
That's a lot.
They make a crap ton of money aside from selling it for 99 cents, which it pays for itself after a few plays.
So Nintendo's just threatened by that lower price point.
I mean, Nintendo also, God, go in any hot topic and next to like one Angry Birds shirt, you'll see like 20 Nintendo classic franchise shirts.
You know, everybody has a Nintendo lives off nostalgia, man.
But that's the thing.
Nintendo, on the other hand, I know they basically are marketing the Wii as more of a casual gamer system.
Therefore, setting aside all the hardcores that they marketed to in the past.
I mean, that's pretty much it.
What's happening is that they're getting outgunned by other more
or easily available platforms like an iPhone or an Android.
Something that most people would have in their pocket aside from a DS.
And it's more than capable of running those games.
Alright, anything else on your mind tonight, Zaku?
Back to the Future, the game, the first episode is pretty much free from their Telltale Games site.
It's pretty awesome so far.
Yeah, you having a good time with that?
Even contrary to what the others are saying, it's getting better.
I'm hearing the third episode is actually the best so far.
I'm really excited for their Jurassic Park game.
I don't know what it is, but they had a new trailer.
It's like an adventure game where you just click around to solve puzzles based on the storyline of Back to the Future.
Mm-hmm.
and the guy who basically does Marty's voice is very close.
Does almost a spot on impression of Michael J. Fox.
Nice.
You have to actually listen to it though.
I do.
I really need to play the Back to the Future.
I forgot that it was the free time for it now that it's out.
Because I remember the whole story is about the code word being in the Blu-ray and everything.
So that's cool that it's out there for free now.
So I'll definitely have to check that out.
The first episode is out for free.
Right.
They're going to get you on the other ones though.
Yeah.
Alright, well, Zaku, take care, buddy.
We'll see you next time.
Alright, bye.
Contradictory things in both cases, so they're lying somewhere.
Oh, that's Sony America.
They're behind it.
Which is it, Sony?
You're on record saying both, so you perjured yourself one way or another.
All right.
We're going to try this call again, see if it's better.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's Ranma.
Can you hear me better now?
Yes, and you're not giving that horrible feedback.
I don't know what that was about.
I think it's something with my computer.
I think it's long overdue for a fresh Windows installation.
Maybe Sony is trying to get inside your computer and see what you're really doing with it.
Either that, maybe because Logitech gets pissed because I dumped their headset for a better Microsoft one.
Sony Cat is watching you masturbate.
I could give two shits about that.
All right.
What's on your mind tonight?
Something a little bit different as if you remember what we talked about NPM last week, I upgraded my phone.
I now have an Android phone and I'm doing something I thought I'd never find myself doing.
What's that?
Mobile gaming.
Oh my gosh.
All right.
Took the plunge and do some mobile gaming.
Now, do you have a phone that has like actual tangible controls or is like an all touchscreen phone like the iPhone?
Both.
I have the Samsung Epic 4G touchscreen.
If I slide it out, I have keyboard access.
Nice.
But so far the games I've played is completely in total touchscreen, which is not so bad, even with the screen protector on it.
Well, what kind of games have you been playing?
Tell us about some of the better ones.
Well, you could probably assume I have that game everyone has been talking about, Angry Birds.
Of course.
I'm playing it, I'm like, I can see why people are into it.
It's like the new version of Worms or something like that, you know?
And as I was going through the marketplace, I came across this one game that you probably tickled pink over the name of it.
It's called Pew Pew.
Pew Pew!
What is it?
Does it involve kittens with lasers?
No, it's pretty much Geometry Wars.
Oh, that's kind of cool.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And as I'm going through the marketplace, I can understand why Nintendo said what they said.
I think the GDC about these games on the 3DS.
Right.
Because I look through here and I'm like, yeah, a lot of these games are total and utter crap.
Call me crazy if I'm dropping $250 on a gaming comp.
I'd like some quality games, you know?
Right.
DarkSakura.com
for like $20 or something like that, that probably wouldn't be so bad.
You know, funny enough, there's something like that on Steam, or at least there was.
It was either April Fool's Day or the day after.
There was like 13 independent games going for like maybe $29 or $39.
And one of them was like Super Meat Boy.
There were some big titles in there.
VVV, which I think Actdeft's called in about before was in there.
Yeah, I remember that.
Yeah, high-profile indie games was in this big pack lately.
So sometimes the indie games will band together for big sales like that.
Definitely.
And I started to notice that, yeah, I'm playing, I'm playing around with these games a lot more than my DS because my phone is right there.
Pull it out, hit the button, the game starts.
Whereas I got to pull it out of my bag, fire it up, pick the game and start it up.
You know, I guess it's like convenience.
It's a portable system where you don't have to think about grabbing the system.
You just, you always have it on you.
And definitely, yes.
Never Surrender, Never, Billy Mitchell
And I just noticed that it's a limited edition shirt with his signature.
It says, Billy Mitchell, Video Game Player of the Century.
How about Jerk Face of the Century?
I like that even better.
Oh, I'm sure he's a nice guy.
No, he's not actually.
He's a big jerk.
No, I've never talked to the guy.
But he apparently sells really good barbecue sauce.
Hey.
Let me be the judge of that because I love my barbecue sauce.
Me too.
All right, Ranma, we're going to let you go.
Try to fit in one more call before we end the Skype tonight.
So take care, buddy.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
Let's see if we can take one more call on the Skype line.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Any other stories?
Yeah, there is a new game.
I don't know if you've ever played the game QWOP.
Remember QWOP?
I have not played QWOP.
I've played a lot of crap.
Yeah, I have.
But anyways, there's a new game called GURP, and it's a rock climbing game that requires you to basically kind of...
Hey, DarkTedStudio, what's up buddy?
Oh, I think you can probably, yeah.
I know, I was going to say, this has got to be about WonderCon.
I know you were really excited about your trip out to WonderCon, which happened this week.
Tell us about some of the games you saw at WonderCon.
Oh, man.
Well, Nintendo had a huge booth, and they were showing off all of the 3DS games they had.
Did anything catch your eyes over there?
It was pretty cool.
Oh, I liked that a little bit.
Steel Diver.
Uh-huh.
That one was pretty cool.
Was that the first time you ever got to touch a 3DS?
Was that the first time you ever got to get your hands on a 3DS?
Yeah.
What'd you think about the 3D?
What'd you think about it when you first saw it?
Badly also had Kate Icarus Oh, did they?
Nice, was it playable or was it just like a trailer?
Yeah, no, it was playable.
Oh, shit, nice.
I felt like, I don't know if you ever played Sin and Punishment.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, it kind of felt like that.
Nice.
By the way, Sin and Punishment was... Sin and Punishment was another one of those games that Fries, that they had like 20 extra copies of that they were trying to get rid of, the new one that was out on the Wii.
It's unfortunate.
Anyway, sorry about that, DT.
Yeah, it's all right.
But, okay, well, what other, like, did Capcom have anything?
I know you always try to run over there and look at their booth.
Oh, yeah, well, most of the stuff they had, those stuff was already out, but they did have Resident Evil, which was, oh, it's alright, I guess.
Oh, cool.
I don't know.
I had a little trouble with it.
What else?
Any other games?
Let's see, they had the, all the big movie games.
comic book movie games like Thor and Captain America and Green Lantern
Oh, well, whatever.
What?
Huge superhero?
Comic book movies.
There's Thor, there's Captain America, Green Lantern.
There's the big three.
There's X-Men First Class.
Is the Spider-Man reboot this year or is that next year?
No, that's not for a while.
Next year.
Huh.
And, um, but they're also, I think, going to be rebooting Fantastic Four.
Transformers, if you want to count that as a... Another Superman.
And, uh, Batman.
Oh, yeah, Batman 3's next year, and that I'm excited about, but I don't know how the game would be.
Well, I did see your write-up, uh, is available over at orangeloungeradio.com, so it looks like you kept a little deer diary while you were there and saw stuff.
Now, I have to ask, did you get to see the masquerade at all?
Yeah, a little bit.
Since I had costumes...
Did you see by chance the Main Street Electronica Parade?
Oh no, I didn't see that.
Oh wow.
Alright, well DT, I'm glad you had fun at the show.
You know, we will actually have to go some year.
This was just really not a good year for me to go, but I am hoping we will go to 5A this year.
That is something we're trying to do, so we'll see.
Alright.
Probably going to go back next year, so.
Awesome.
Well, we'll try to make it next year.
Alright.
Take care and check out that article at orangelaundry.com by DT.
Alright, bye guys.
Yep.
I don't know why I said guys.
I said bye to you guys.
Bye to you guys.
I'm going to go read that article.
All right.
No, it is about time to say bye, guys.
The show is about over.
Thanks, you guys, though, for tuning in to us.
We're going to close up the Skype line.
If you didn't get through tonight, sorry.
Try sending us an email next time.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadar.com is the place where you can send us an email.
Let me ask Loki one more time if there's any last-minute stories before we wrap it all up.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Head tracking, pretty awesome.
They're saying, yes, you'll be able to use head tracking to look into the corners when you're driving and stuff.
Although that's a little awkward for me, I think, because if your TV's in front of you, you can't really turn your head to the side.
It's going to be a little weird, yeah.
And that'd be cool if the multiple monitors support or whatever, but once again, why would you need head tracking if you have multiple monitors?
But hey, glad to see they're using head tracking, so that'll be awesome.
Alright, very cool.
This might be a little hint of what is to come for the next generation of Kinect and this could be very, very good.
Yeah.
So we'll see.
Alright, well it's that time of the show where we go around and get everybody's final thought as we wrap up another week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Salacious Pop, thanks again for being here.
You did a lot of talking this week.
I'm very proud of you.
Yeah.
Alright, so thanks and do you have any final thoughts for our listeners?
No.
No.
Alright then, alright.
Let's see, DarkSakura, I guess I'll go to you next.
Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I want more Pinkberry.
and my final thought along those lines is that the lychee pink berry can go to hell, blood orange forever it's not gross, it's good it's not blood orange but the mango is amazing whatever, it's not blood orange alright Loki, your final thoughts tonight um I don't know I'm down to my US 3DS system I got rid of all the rest aww, that's great did the wife catch ya?
No.
Woohoo!
He was like, why would she?
No.
And then you're going to come home, catch you what?
No, she doesn't listen to the show.
I was talking to her last week.
She listened for just a minute.
It was like...
Just long enough for a baby to hear daddy.
Pretty much, yeah.
She's trying to get him for two naps tonight.
Last night he woke up, like with me, I woke up with him at 5.
I usually wake up with him at 5 in the morning.
Every day.
On the weekends even.
And so he wouldn't go back down to bed for like about an hour.
Just trying to get him to go back down.
And he finally slept until 7.40.
But...
I'm actually now able to be wide awake at 5 in the morning which works out because I can work on my PC sometimes and able to work on Grand Theft Auto map edits and stuff like that really in the morning without being interrupted but it's tough I have to take naps now on the weekends sometimes because there's only so many days you can wake up that early and not be affected by it
Well, Rob naps every day and he doesn't even have a kid, so don't feel too bad.
You've earned those naps.
Hey, ring ring, hi pot, it's Kettle on the phone.
I wanted to say, and I know they're not listening obviously, and I don't think they listen normally, but congratulations to our friends Eric and Mel for their brand new baby girl.
So, that's awesome.
Someone finally had a girl.
I know, it's like a big sausage fest, but finally getting some girls in here.
Alright.
Alright, well that does it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in and supporting Independent Radio.
You know, all we ask, if you like our show, help us spread the word.
We don't have big budget advertising dollars.
Say something nice about us on a forum.
Tell your friends about the show.
Leave us a nice review on iTunes.
Anything you can do to help spread the word of Orange Lounge Radio would be much appreciated.
Till next week, we'll be back to do it all again one more time.
Episode 409.
I guess that means we have to do some cleaning next week because it's 409.
Hey, I cleaned that desk.
You did.
You better not need cleaning next week.
I'll dirty it up.
Yeah.
It's dust free, lemony fresh.
But Shermie tainted.
Well, of course, duh.
All right.
That does it.
Have a wonderful week, everybody.
We'll see you next time here at Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific Time.
or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
