While I was skimming the news tonight, none of the articles really jumped out at me. New
consoles, new games, retro consoles, retro games, fan mods, mashups, etc. I realized
that this was the news. That we are smack in the middle of the transitionary period
where the gaming world moves around between the big earth-shattering announcements. It's
that very pleasant middle ground of news that is all good, but without yours truly having
to skirt around the most obvious thing to reference. This is the meta intro, now it's
time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to talk about actual news. Starting
right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again today,
May the 23rd of 2021 with episode number 870 of our show. My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joining
you here live on Twitch TV at channel VOG Network where we tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock
Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. And I am joined by, of course,
the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. Hello.
Hello.
How are you doing?
I am well rested.
Good. Yes. We were talking a little bit about that before the show.
Yeah. I'm also not used to having like this extra light now. It's kind of getting in my eyes.
Yes. But I love the lighting looks great where you're at. It's good.
Thanks. Well, I invested in a new ring light. Thank goodness for TJ Maxx and the fact that
they've got like 50,000 different ring lights for anywhere between like 12 to 40 bucks.
Hey, now they didn't pay for that ad, but.
No, I'm going to say it because I want my fellow indies out there to be able to afford some good
ass lighting.
Well, and I've noticed in general that a lot of stores out there are starting to kind of cater to
this streaming broadcasting culture. You know, I go into Best Buy and I'm looking for, I think
I was looking for a microphone or something. And there's this whole little section about like
influencers and they have microphones for influencers and cameras and the lighting and
that stuff. It's like a big thing. And it's, you know, obviously we've been doing this a very long
time coming up on 19 years next month. And so it does make me do this double take about.
This is stuff like now they sell it a Best Buy. This used to be the stuff that like you had to
be a total geek and go to Radio Shack to get. I could hear the Travis Donovan, our dear friend
from Understation Life. I could hear his old man rant building in my head about you kids today.
Oh, I mean, it took me, it only took me 18 years to upgrade to a good mic, so whatever.
Same here at OLR. Going to chat.
I can't go back from using this sucker.
Oh, we'll figure it out. In chat over at twitch.tv slash Vogue Network,
Act Def says street vendors in Mexico sell LED lights and cans now. That's fascinating.
You know, I think I've seen like the clips for phones. I've seen like the selfie lights.
I've seen those at street vendors and I see a lot of like the color LED lights,
like like sports fans waving them around a stadium, things like that.
But like to the extent that you're talking about for like influences, it's just
it's fascinating. We're in that type of culture. All right. Well, let's see if our other old man
here at Orange Launch Radio has a has a rant or two about it. Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
What's a Radio Shack?
This story. You've been to a Radio Shack, Loki.
Give me a break. I'm sure you miss it, too. Come on.
Are you a geriatric millennial?
Is that a contradiction?
Ask Rob.
That's a yes. It's my one viral tweet. Well, look, Radio Shack was a store that was open
back in the day that that game that's playing behind you tonight was popular.
Actually, I don't think that game was ever popular. It was just kind of like a cult game
that people do, because it's but it was featured in, you know, a feature length movie.
That's true.
And it was used as the theme music for a Strong Bad segment.
And it was so rad, of course, for the podcast listeners who can't see it.
He's got Rad Racer, the eight bit classic on the NES with its 3D mode playing behind him right now.
Actually, it's not in 3D right now, though. It's it is that horrible red and blue thing
when you have it in 3D. But it worked. I don't think it's in 3D mode right now.
No, it's not. It's not. It looked when you hit. I think you hit the select button to toggle it
back in the day. And it's like it takes away everything. And it's just like red and blue lines.
And it's it's not that great, because all you see is like a little added depth. And of course,
the old school 80s glasses that kind of would give you a headache after not that long. You know,
it wasn't great technology. We've come a long way in our 3D technology, that's for sure.
But yeah, it was, you know, that's how everybody knew Rad Racer. A lot of people forget it was a
Square well, now Square Enix, but Square game, because most people only know them through the
role playing games. Yeah, so I don't know. I thought it'd be a fun game to put back there.
Yeah, it is. Orange Right in chat says it's that game from the wizard. It's so bad. Yes,
yes, it is. All right, um, we're gonna get in. Yeah, what can I interject something really off
topic right now? I suppose Lady Gaga got the keys to West Hollywood today. She didn't already have
them. Like I thought and all I can care about are those platform boots she has because I want them.
Like, if gay rights were a Starbucks card, Lady Gaga would have like 1500 still waiting to be
spent on her account. Like, she just now got the keys to West Hollywood. Really?
I just like didn't realize that West Hollywood actually was considered a city that had a key.
Yeah. All right. Okay, well, speaking of off topic random things, I will say a happy I doubt
he's listening, but I'll say happy birthday anyway to Shad Starzik or Shane. His birthday,
it's actually today. So it's not it's not like, you know, oh, it was Tuesday or something. It's
actually today. Bringing him up also makes me think of this. This isn't technically our kickoff
tonight, but too bad. I'm gonna talk about this anyway. It is gaming. He texted me something
earlier this week because he reads he reads a lot of those web forums like reset era and that stuff.
I think, Loki, you're in tune to a lot of that stuff, too. I don't really I don't I see this
stuff on Twitter, but I don't see like a lot of the forums and that stuff. But he sent me something
that was posted on one of those forums, which was like arcade one up leaks that are coming up.
And yeah, I saw that. And apparently the person that leaked it is kind of like a YouTuber that's
kind of known for this stuff. So it's not like out of the blue rando. My uncle works at arcade
one up type of thing like this is. So anyway, long story short, it looks like a Tron machine
is coming from arcade one up. It's going to have Tron and discs of Tron. And I absolutely had my
God damn it moment. And I think we've talked about this on the show before. There's that thing. And
when you see it, you just know you're not going to. It's just you see it. You'll God damn it. And
it's the sound of your wallet just unloading. And that, you know, and I've said it on the show,
I don't have room. I don't have money for another one of those arcade one up machines. But God damn
it, I'm getting the Tron machine. I'm getting it. I have to, assuming it's legit and confirmed and
all that stuff. And there's there was other ones, too, that there was a Simpsons machine
that was in there, too. And I'm I'm sure that one is going to actually be really because people
really fondly remember that Simpsons arcade game. We're talking about this a little bit on Bobby
Blackwell's show because he's on live before us. And a very interesting connection I didn't realize
because somebody in chat during his show has said, oh, I don't know if it's going to be real because
Disney is not going to let Tron go. And we actually were kind of like, well, actually,
Disney owns Star Wars and Star Wars has already had some arcade one up cabinets. And then that
was kind of like the aha moment of right. Disney owns The Simpsons now, too. I forgot that. But
that's why all the Simpsons stuff is on Disney Plus and of course, with the Fox and all that.
So The Simpsons and Tron have that in common. There's a Disney connection there.
So I will find the Disney connection. I don't know. Like I, I know when I saw the
Paw Patrol cabinet, I was like, I was going to say that's that's one, too. I get that.
We never we never had a Muppets cabinet, did we? Because Jamie breaking in a song.
I don't think there was ever a Muppets like game. Well, I think there were like console games
that weren't very good. And I think there were some edutainment Kermit games. And if you want
to kind of tie that to Sesame Street, I think that certainly Sesame Street's had its share.
But the Muppets, the Muppets. I want to say there was like an adventure game on Commodore 64,
you know, because I would have an arcade cabinet. Yeah, nothing arcadey that I can think of. So
there's that. Oh, SSG-100 Matt with the clip. Thank you for that. That reminds me,
OK, I remember when the God damn it moment was it was something that happened with Jamie.
And it was also an arcade one up story because we were talking about the Capcom cabinet
and it had Strider in it. And Jamie went, God damn it.
I'm I'm apparently a meme now. Had a God damn it moment. All right.
Act Dev says, I think there's Muppet games on the Wii. Well, we had everything. Give me a break.
All right. Anyway, so there's there's that little rumor. And I'm like, I'm very excited about the
Tron cabinet at the same time. I'm very pissed off about it. I'm sure you can understand. Like,
why did it have to be now? All right. Well, speaking of classics. Well, and you're going
to have room for it, so. Well, in the future, I might, but nothing as of yet. So. All right.
But you know what? You know what? You know what? You know what? You have a friend that you can
store that at. I see what you're getting at. Who still has no room.
All right. Anyway, speaking of classics, let's get into some talk about Nintendo Switch online
and the classics library that's on the Nintendo Switch, because that is, of course, something
that's continuing to grow. And they just made some big announcements this week that more games are
going to be added, including Joe and Mac, which, for whatever reason, was called Caveman Ninja
here, which is on this. Yeah. Yeah. I always saw it as Joe and Mac. No way. It's the other way
around. It's Joe and Mac here and Caveman Ninja overseas, right? Yeah. Yeah. So I got it backwards.
Sorry. But anyway, that is going to be one of the games that's coming. Magical Drop 2, which I
forgot was even on Super Nintendo, is coming as well. And Ninja Zaya Marukun is coming out as well.
And then there's some differences between Japan and the US. Japan is getting a Fire Emblem game,
Fire Emblem Genealogy of the Holy War. They don't want to translate that for the US or when they do,
they'll charge us more money for it. And then Spanky's Quest, as well as Super Baseball Simulator
1-0-0-0 are additional games that are coming for us here in the US. Now, the reason why I
kind of bring this up at the top of the show tonight is because this means that the Nintendo
Switch Online library has crossed 100 games. It's kind of hit a milestone. Obviously, people still
have their criticisms of Nintendo Switch Online. I think we've all been a little bit critical here
on OLR about it because we feel like there's still a lot of stuff missing from it. How do
you feel about how far Nintendo Switch Online has come? And what do you think is kind of like
missing that still needs to be added? Let me just go ahead and say Super Mario RPG, Chrono Trigger,
Earthbound, The Guardian Legend. All right. I think I've named all the big ones. Outside of
that, the ones we all know about. What are some things that are kind of like missing? Do you
think this whole Switch Online, Super Nintendo, Nintendo library, do you think it is making a
good deal for having a Nintendo Online membership? Or is Nintendo not doing enough still? Or like,
where's your head at with all this now that we're so far into it and 100 games into it? Loki,
I got to start with you because I know you're going to have something to say about Nintendo.
I think that 100 games by now is not really enough. They could be doing so much more with
that. I'm just having a hard time believing with the catalog that they had before that they
just can't get those on there or like workout licensing deals with these guys. And not even
necessarily licensing deals. I mean, they have their own like first party tiles, not everything's
on there. So I just think there's so much more they could be doing. Dar Sakura, any opinion?
I honestly just think that they're being cautious with the rollout. I mean,
there's certainly games that I would like to see. Like, I don't recall if I saw Kirby's
Avalanche on there, which is like my, that was my Puyo Puyo introduction.
I think they just straight, they just have Puyo Puyo in it. They even put that in the US
version. So I don't know if they put the Kirby branded one in there. He got the six in one game
in the Super Nintendo era with the Kirby Superstar or whatever it was called. And the
mini golf game is there too. But there's a bunch of other just like really kind of quirky games
that I think would be well to come out. I mean, I've certainly covered a few. Like,
I would like to have some more shooter games. You know, if they're going to get some other
third party games, why don't we get something like UN Squadron or, what was the other stuff
I played? Or back in the Nintendo ones like SkyShark, you know, get some of those
cutaway games and a little bit more of the compile stuff.
Good call out. I think, you know, obviously there's the big ones that I named that are
still missing. I think for a lot of people, whether it's licensing or concern about the
lines of Parody and Earthbound or whatever it is, obviously those are glaring omissions
that continue to kind of spotlight what's missing and have a lot of the fandoms kind
of like focused on that a little bit. I don't know if Super Mario RPG will ever happen. Although,
why shouldn't it? Like what does Square have to lose from an agreement like that? There's a lot
I kind of don't understand with that, but whatever. I'm not on the business side of things. So it's
hard for me to say. What is still missing for me that kind of blows my mind that Nintendo still has
capitalized on this is the other systems. Like, you know, if the Switch is meant to be like a
portable system and a system that sits on the dock on played on the TV and 64. Well, there's that.
But I'm also more thinking, where's Game Boy and Game Boy Advance and Color Game Boy? Where's like
Pokemon Pinball? Where's, you know, the Mario game that was on Game Boy? Where's, you know,
the Zelda? Does the Switch have one? I think it does. Yeah. Okay. So then, yeah, that would be
easy. Yeah. So yeah, I don't understand why these don't exist in the library yet. Like the Game Boy
stuff is long since overdue and I hope Nintendo is going to think about making an announcement.
And I would agree that Nintendo 64 also pretty long overdue at this point. Especially, you know,
to revisit classics like Pokemon Snap. Although yes, I'm sure Nintendo would rather you play the
new one, but there's going to come a time when the new one isn't selling like crazy anymore.
And revisiting the old school Pokemon Snap would be a delight, but maybe they're also noticing
people are willing. I mean, they could have given away Mario 64 for free, but why should they when
they did that Mario 3D All-Star collection limited time and charge 20 bucks for it? If it's 60 divided
by three, 20 bucks for it, and people still paid it. And so that kind of goes in line with what
Bobby is saying in chat. Bobby Blackwolf says, Square realized people will pay for their old ROMs.
And I think that's kind of like this tricky place we're at with Nintendo online is now it's like,
okay, so some games you'll give away with the membership, but others you're so protective of,
you're going to sell them in a bundle or whatever, or do a $5 standalone, which I think ultimately
is what happens with Earthbound. I think Earthbound will be released, but you're going to
have to pay money for it outside of the Switch online collection. And they're going to do
something stupid to justify why it's a separate cost. Like, oh, it's a special anniversary edition
with some extra art in this menu shell that we put with it and a digital version of the instruction
manual. And we're going to have GameStop sell a $50 version of Earthbound that comes with a little
statue. Like, I can, I can hear Loki rolling his eyes. But you don't have to hear it in person.
Is it isn't this literally their mo like, is anything I'm saying then don't make an effort
then then there's I get it that they want to do that with some other titles. But like, if that's
the case, then why don't we see a lot of these titles being? I mean, we see some of them being
released on these platforms as like collections and stuff, but not everything. So there's still
plenty of content that they can be putting on there and other systems that they can be adding
on it. And like I said, you know, Nintendo first party could do some stuff as well. Obviously,
we're not gonna see some Pokemon games getting added on there because they're gonna remake all
those. But like, then why even put forth the effort because that's your selling point. You're
like, okay, Nintendo online, you have online access, which kind of sucks. And then you have
access to the this library of games, but we're just not going to contribute to it because it,
you know, it's gonna grow over our other plans to screw you over by selling the piecemeal to you
like, it's not a plan to screw over. And it's the point of a business to be greedy and of store
but it's it's why it's why we all hate capitalism. Yes. I understand that. But then don't offer that
then don't even offer the games at all. And if that's that's going to be the issue if you're
gonna just sell these all piecemeal, then just don't do it. Because right now it's just like,
I don't even know why we cover this every time they put games out on it. Like,
wow. Good business for them. They're three years, you know, 100 games. Good job. Good job,
you guys. That's way more than you ever had in your virtual console stores.
They're putting out enough to make Nintendo online attractive to the average user.
And they're putting them out as they see this is not going to be profitable to have standalone,
let's put it in with the service to again, make it attractive for people to want Nintendo online
beyond just a few games. And then the big games, the ones that they know that they're going to be
able to compile and have as a standalone, something that would bring in more revenue
than yes, I mean, it's honestly it's just business. It's not a, oh, they should do this because it's
convenient for us. It's their business model. End of story. And ultimately, the only way it's
going to change is to stop paying for a switch online. But I think a lot of people aren't going
to do it because there's too much other stuff like visiting Animal Crossing towns and playing
Mario Kart online or Smash Brothers online. There's too much other stuff tied to it that
people aren't going to want to let go of. So Nintendo looks at it and goes, success.
But I kind of once again, they don't even have to put out the games in. Just don't even offer
that. Just say, listen, it's just ten bucks a year or whatever it is, twenty dollars a year
to pay for just play online. Done. There you go. I really do see like both ends of the frustration
because like I also see that like when Nintendo launched this, they launched it with an A-list
lineup of 30 titles that kind of really set an expectation. And since then, they've been
buoying it with C-list titles and with an A-list very occasionally sprinkled in. Maybe in the first
update there were some, you know, but now we're like, let's be real. A lot of these games I just
talked about, they're not things where you're going to go like, oh my God. I mean, the magical
drop thing is kind of cool, but even I can admit that is kind of niche and most people are not
going to give a hoot about it. And so maybe I think that's where some of the frustration
in general comes in. I do want to read this comment from chat over twitch.tv slash vog network
because I honestly think Bobby hits it on the money here, literally saying, you know they won't do the
thing everyone wants in regards to Earthbound. A retail title, but it has Earthbound
beginnings, Earthbound, and finally a localized Mother 3. Yeah, Earthbound All-Stars, 60 bucks.
A lot of people would pay it. Absolutely. Why not? And it will even come with a shitty statue of
something from the game, a little shitty NES statue or something. I want a Mr. Saturn.
A Mr. Saturn, yeah. Since someone stole my handmaid, Mr. Saturn. That's not nice.
Remember the one I made for GamerX? Yeah, I do. I do. Someone stole it. Man, those conventions
were so long ago. Time flies. Crazy, crazy. Anyhow, so yeah, the Nintendo Switch collection library,
it's nice that it's hit 100 games, but I think there's definitely that growing sense of
frustration of, are you just going to release these things in a package for 60 bucks? Or are
you going to give us more of the stuff we really want? And why are there entire systems that are
completely being untouched? No Game Boy, no Game Boy Advance, no N64. Even stuff as recent as Wii
and GameCube. I think all of us on the show would happily plunk down the money to play F-Zero GX all
over again. It's one of the greatest GameCube games they ever made. Why not? But for whatever
reason, Nintendo is just like, we'll wait and we'll do a celebration later on. No they won't.
We'll put an F-Zero track in Mario Kart and you'll like it. I also think that Nintendo sort of
goes on one of the same principles of a few other companies out there that I won't name
that like to put out, they'll put out the expected, expected, expected, and then they'll
throw a crazy curveball. The one thing that maybe people have been asking for, say a few years ago,
right? And then they kind of say, oh, well, it's not going to happen. And then all of a sudden,
boom, this collection comes out and it's amazing. Everyone wants to buy it.
I think that's when they've run out of ideas, basically. And then they start actually listening
to their fans instead of thinking that they know better. That's not it. Usually companies
do this on exactly on purpose. And this is why we get another Pikmin game.
All right. We needed an AR Pikmin game because Pikmin is so popular.
All right. Don't forget a Pikmin mobile game too. All right. Let's move on.
I can't wait. I'm just like, why aren't there more Pikmin games? Forget this F-Zero nonsense.
Where's my Pikmin? I'm trying to be open-minded about the mobile game, but we'll see. We'll see.
All right. Anyway, let's move on. Let's talk about the games we have been playing this week.
I know no one's playing that Pikmin game because it ain't out yet. Let's talk about our gaming
weeks and the types of things we have been playing this week. So Dark Sakura, how was
your gaming week? Well, it's not fucking Mass Effect yet. So my KVM switch arrived.
I will be working on my computer tomorrow. I intended to do it today, but someone slept 14
hours. Me. So I'm going to be hooking my PC back up, but I'm going to still play on my Mac through
Steam Link. Just because honestly, I hate my PC. I have been playing, of course, a lot of Dead by
Daylight because I'm really working on getting better. Although yesterday I had like a really
terrible trickster match, but it was also just for me to test my gigabit ethernet on a test
stream. So I wasn't really trying very hard. No, that was like the opposite of a sweaty game.
What's the opposite of a sweaty game? A well air conditioned game? I guess a frozen game.
Frozen game. I'd say it's a fan game. Fanned. You know, like the fan. Anyway, I also am still
playing Wordscapes because it's like my brain wake up game. It's what I do. It's my bathroom game,
you know? And of course, Animal Crossing. I slacked off a little bit and I really need to not
slack off because I'm finally kicking Marina out in favor of getting Cyrano. I like what Siata
Berry says. A well ventilated game. Thank you. Thank you. And of course, I'm actually,
for reasons coming up later in this show, have a reason to play No Man's Sky.
You better hurry. It's limited. It's very limited time.
I know. And it's the 31st. So that means that I have to see. I think it runs on Mac,
so I shouldn't have any problem there. And of course, I'm playing Fantasian. And just to
reiterate, on Tuesdays at five o'clock Pacific time, I stream my playthrough of Fantasian. So
for folks who don't have Apple Arcade or Apple devices on which to play this,
if you're interested about the game, you know, I'm playing through. I'm exploring things that
people ask me to. Probably my next game is going to be a go back and open these chests. I couldn't
open session, but I'm trying to get through a full story element each time that I play. So
again, for those who don't have Apple Arcade, I'm playing through the game for you and for me.
Awesome. All right. It's a service, Rob. It's really a service.
I caught a little bit of the stream. I was lurking because I was watching on the TV,
so I don't really chat when I'm on the TV. Isn't that pretty?
Oh yeah, it's a pretty game. Yeah, the whole thing about it,
like their niche on it is that, well, actually, Rob, you can do that through. I'll tell you
later, but you have a way to use my Apple Arcade account.
Yeah. And, well, it was all about more having a way to play it, but I actually, the show,
I could use the show's mini to play it if I wanted to.
You absolutely can. But going back to the thing about the game is that it's all hand-built
dioramas. So every background is made of real materials. Some of the enemies in the game have
real textures as their render textures. So there you go. Honestly, it's worth playing.
It's very fun. It definitely gives me a little bit more of an earlier Final Fantasy slash Chrono
Trigger vibe. A lot of the music makes me think of Chrono Trigger. And I just, every time I play
it, I'm more and more impressed with the story, especially that weird pirate guy who's not really
a pirate. Okay. Yeah. I was going to say,
I want to play it at some point, and that's actually why I haven't been watching your
streams a lot, because I don't want to spoil myself. But for those that know they're not
going to get around to it anytime soon, it's a good way to check it out. All right.
Moving on, let's go to Loki. How was your gaming week?
So my gaming week was still Minecraft, still playing on the server, still editing video.
The second video is just about done. So I'm hoping to have that done tonight.
And then other exciting things coming soon in regards to streaming and stuff on there. So
I can't wait to talk about that once I once I can, once I have everything confirmed,
but extremely exciting stuff. So stay tuned for that. And then I finally got my labels for my
game cartridges for I saw on Twitter, they look great.
Yeah, they kind of screwed up the first ones. So they reprinted them for me. And they're
looking OK. They're looking pretty good. So I've only got enough for 12 because that's all the
cartridges I have right now. But, you know, eventually we'll make more. And I still have
to finish up. I had like two levels left I have to make for the game just to pad it out a bit more.
And then I think we'll be ready to go. So Dibs on buying one very soon. Yes, I know
lots of people want them. I don't know, like, if we should go to Kickstarter out just to do more.
But like or because I haven't really figured out how to do the fulfillment part of this.
You know, it's like, how do I take orders? How do I ship those orders? I mean, it's like.
So we'll see. I would say use your 12 to test this whole process. Have these 12 be for the people
that, you know, are closest to you and had the game. So basically, you know, me, Jamie,
YYR, Bobby, I guess because he's Bobby. Jason, if he wants one. Cool. You know, like the people that
probably drive and then use that as like your test thing and then do the Kickstarter to open
it up to others that might be interested in it. Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good. So. All right.
Anything else? I'm a little bit of Orna, just enough to get the rewards each day and doing
that stuff. I saw that we're starting someone's remembering to do the kingdom fights now. So
that's nice. We had a few of those. Anybody can start those now. I gave permissions to
everybody a while ago. Oh, OK. Well, perfect. I just did not use the bot in the discord,
although I don't know. I don't think we did last time either. So we'll see. All right. Yeah.
All right. Let's see my gaming week. So like my biggest thing is a story later in the show. I'm
sure you all know what I'm talking about, but I must sit and wait. So we'll talk about that a
little later. So I spent several hours doing that. But of course, I've been playing some of
the old favorites to is doing some Final Fantasy 14, leveling up my ninja, trying to get all of my
characters up to level 80 by the time the next expansion comes out. And now I know I have until
November. That's probably enough time for me to do it. So that's good. Also, your ninja look like
like the actual ninja, like for the earlier games. No, he kind of looks different. I mean,
also the ninjas have the daggers, which doesn't really match the look from the earlier games
a little bit. I can see where there's like some edge influence maybe, but it kind of looks a
little bit different. But I like I like the way the ninjas play in Final Fantasy. So I think I
have that warrior monk and I think one other one. I got to get to 80 and then everything is 80. And
that includes crafting and gathering classes, too. Do the ninjas still throw weapons?
Not really. They use ninjutsu is kind of like their thing. So you do a you do a bong bong bong,
you do like a three order and it goes by. And depending on what order you did things in,
you can do like an AOE attack. You do like a lightning bolt you do. But they do have mug and
they have something else that they can like a sneak attack, basically, like go behind and
get the mob that way. But they don't. They do have a throw dagger thing, but you don't use it
a lot in your rotation because it's not very powerful. But I'm thinking ninja from was it
like Final Fantasy six, but maybe I'm thinking like shadow because I think he could throw stuff.
But that's right. They had ninja in 11, too. I forgot about that. Yeah, didn't they? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. But it was very different. It's very different. I don't usually shout these out during
the show, but I just want to say Morissimo, thank you, because that's now 10 gift subs you've given
away this evening. So that is extremely generous of you. And I just want to say thank you. Thank
you for that. You don't have to, but it's very appreciated that you did. So thank you.
So let's see what else for my gaming week do I want to share? Oh, Dead by Daylight, I guess.
I hit rank 10 survivor, so I'm doing something right. But that's right about I think I've kind
of hit the peak of where I'm going until I learn how to loop killers better and get more talents.
I only have Dwight's talents and now I have Meg up to 34. So I have like one of hers,
but I don't I still need to get her talents. And then I got to work on the others that I
want their talents as well. So that's just like it's just a grind. You have to wait a long time.
I decided when I play, I'm actually going to go for David so I can just start off with Dead Hard.
Yeah. Yeah. That'll probably be the one I do next, honestly. And I bought the shirtless skin.
Um, Claudette, I can play daddy David. Claudette was going to be my next one. I was just going to
kind of go in order, but I actually don't think, I mean, she has self care, but a lot of, a lot of
the Dead by Daylight pros actually kind of taunts self care. It's not a great talent to take because
it's like, if you want to heal yourself, bring a med kit. So, you know, just take your, like your
challenge points and dump them in a character that you don't want to play that has perks that
you want. Like that, like what I'm doing with Bubba. Yeah. Yeah. We'll see. We'll see. Um,
one last little thing not to distract. No, that's fine. I'm officially a plague main.
Okay. Work. Officially. I don't like playing as plague. I like plague, but she's hard to play
as for me. She's the Vombie Mommy. I know. I like her. I don't like playing her. There's a
difference. That's, that's for you. Go for it. I don't know if I have like a main yet. I love
Pyramid Head, but I feel like I do. Honestly, I do better as Freddy and Freddy's like the toxic
one that people, isn't that funny? Dark soccer, your power. Cause you were the one that bought
them for me the first time, but I honestly think Freddy's my best character. So you know what you
need to do then you need to level a Billy to get Tinker and throw that on Freddy and then everyone
will really hate you. Oh God. Yes. Yeah. No, I do. God mode Freddy right there. Yeah. I need to,
or I need to wait for, I need, I need that and pop. Well, you know, pop never shows up in the
archive. No, but I actually, I, I, I don't hate playing as clown. I, I get that, you know, for
folks with a phobia and stuff, it's, it's not a lot of fun, but I think his mechanics neat. Um,
so yeah, I actually want to play him. So like for him and doctor, because I hate what they look like,
they really set me off. I just bought different cosmetics for them. Yeah. I was actually just
about to suggest that I was going to say they have that giant chicken suit for clown. And that's
really funny to me. So I actually put like the ogre looking one on him, the big barbarian one.
And then on doctor, I did plague doctor. Cause I really don't like the new one either.
I played against a trapper today. I was survivor. I played against a trapper who was dressed like
Kratos from God of war. I didn't even know that was a thing. I was like, Oh, that was
like a trampus trapper as well. Oh, that's weird. I, but I, I hate going against trapper
hag. Uh, those are the two on my list. It's somewhat nurse. If the nurse is good,
the, the things with the, I, they, they all have jump scare mechanics and that's why I
hate going against them. I'm not sure about pulling up Dwight. I always think of his white
fruit and that would be an amazing survivor in that game. I'm telling you like that would be
actually Dwight is kind of like that Dwight. No, the survivor we need in dead, but last dead
by daylight tangent, and then I'm going to go into something else. The survivor we need the most
in dead by daylight. I will, I will hear no, no other candidates. This is the one we need the most
is Brenda from scary movie. That is the one we need the most. Well, we have ghost face,
you know, scary movie, scary movie was the, um, the Keenan Ivory Waynes, uh, one. And then that
the airplane guy, but it had a ghost face knockoff in it. It did. It did. But Brenda
was the best and her and Cindy need to be survivors. So it has been a while since we
did a list last, you know, I know, right. Maybe, maybe in the future. We'll see. We'll see.
All right. Um, survivors for dead by daylight. Okay. Um, let's see what else did my gaming week?
I I'm suddenly at a loss for what else? I thought there was something else I wanted to talk about,
but I forget. So, Oh, well, uh, we're going to get in. Did you talk about the game that's coming
back up later? No, cause I'm waiting for it to come up later. Okay. It's no man's sky. I played
a lot of still say you played it. I played it. I played it and we'll talk about why in a little
bit. Um, let's see, uh, some other quick little like housekeeping items to get into before we get
into, um, the stories for tonight. Number one, uh, we're not going to be here next week, Memorial
Day weekend, because, um, I'm gonna keep it real. I was looking at the calendar of like the shows
and I was like, we haven't taken a night off since October when I took that trip to Idaho. Um, and
I, one of my friends is going to be in town in the Bay area. And I'm like, you know what? I think
I'm just gonna take the weekend off. I want a night off. So I'm using some PTO, uh, next week.
And then when I talked to, I was like, Hey, Matt, Jamie, you guys can still do a show. And they were
like, night off sounds good. So, uh, a night off it is so, and you know what the reality is too.
I think just because so many people are getting vaccinated and have gotten vaccinated. Like if
you think about it, vaccination opened up to everybody, what, like April 15th. So that was
about six weeks ago. So most people that were on it right away, like I know Alan was one of them.
He now is hit his full VAX. And I think that's going to be a lot of people this Memorial Day
weekend. Um, so I think there's just going to be a lot of people that just want to go
do that weekend. Now, of course, I don't want to advocate like, Oh, don't it's, it's over,
be careless. No, no, I'm not trying to say that, but I think, you know, and obviously the CDC has
said, if you're vaccinated, there's a lot you can do. Uh, and I think it's time that people go do
them. Um, so, uh, I think dropping the mask mandate or something like that in June, in June,
and it won't apply to really big events, um, where like outdoor events, you'll still have to,
uh, either have proof of a test or a vaccination. Um, but anyway, but that varies state to state,
some states it's just, it doesn't matter anymore. Um, but, uh, yeah. So anyway, my point is,
uh, I I'm, I've got other plans next weekend and my inkling is a lot of you have plans next weekend
as well. Um, so we'll just take a week off. Maybe we'll do something. Maybe we'll do something
special during the stream or something. Um, well, I said many, not all. I'm actually thinking about
doing, um, a marathon stream. Go work, do it. Yeah. Hey, we'll see. Yeah. Um, but you know what,
as well, Jamie, if you just want to take a night off as well, sometimes it's just nice to have the
rest of relaxation. So don't feel obligated, you know? Yeah. I got 14 hours of that, Rob.
A lot of people in chat are just like, cool. We get it. Uh, SSU 100, Matt says, totally get it.
I took time off this weekend to see folks I haven't seen in a while. Um, and I, DGRMS says,
indeed. I spent the weekend with a friend of mine out of town at depth is bringing up the Pogo
special event, which did not play into my decision, but it is a nice perk. Um, I didn't know this.
See it to Beery with the random fact about scary movie. Apparently Lori Beth Denberg from all that
was approached for the cameo that eventually went to Marissa Jarrett Winokur from, I think
she's from hairspray. Um, I didn't know that. I love Lori Beth Denberg. I wish she'd done the
role, but I also respect if she, uh, you know, she wants to stay retired or whatever, whatever
she's doing. Um, the other big announcement, um, channel point reward streams here at VOG Network.
So Bobby did the last one. So Bobby did, uh, he just on like Thursday, maybe it was Wednesday.
What is time? Sorry. I can't remember. But earlier this week at VOG, he did, uh, a, uh,
stream where he looked at, uh, E3 tapes that he did in the year 2000. So it was kind of like old
tapes of what, and it was actually kind of neat because he had a game in there. It was like, I
think it was Simville or something. It was a game that was supposed to be like the Sims meets Sim
city. It actually never came out, but he had like 10 minutes worth of like filming the footage
because they were showing it at this E3. And I thought there was a lot of like neat stuff like
that in it. And I think that's kind of the fun part about going back and looking at old stuff.
It's not just like, Oh, what's the cringe wrestling event that I filmed. Cause there's
a lot of that too. But, uh, you know, what, what were like the things that never actually happened
or what were they, you know, looking like there that they didn't, uh, end up looking like actually.
So, um, that's kind of cool. What, Oh my God. See it. I'm sorry. This is a tangent,
but it's important. See it to be where he says that Lori Beth Demberg has a podcast.
What I'm going to subscribe to that one. Absolutely. All right. Um, let's see. So
what is the next channel point reward here at OLR? Um, I'm going to head this one up.
I threatened this one before I'm going to make good on it, but I'm only going to promise myself
participating in this. Cause I don't know if Jamie and Matt want to do it, but we're going to do an
episode one, listen through with commentary and talk about the old school days of the show. So
with rock, I'm down. What you said when I brought this up before you were, you were firmly in the
hell no column. Have you changed your mind on this? I'll do it. I mean, I hate listening to my
own voice, but I've had to go back and clip my own stream since no one will help me with it. Um, so
I'll do it low key. I had a migraine the whole episode. Sure. Oh, OMG. The value of this stream
just should have doubled how long it would be concerning. I think we had a lot of music breaks
in there. We did. So, so, you know, um, footnote, obviously I have to work around the music breaks
and things like that. So it's not going to be like uncut completely, but within reason,
we're going to listen to the whole thing. Um, and just talk about like the first episode is
there's a lot of stories about that first episode. Like where the hell did this show come from? Um,
why was it like a house party thing? There's like probably seven special guests on the first show.
Why was it like low key was one of them. Technically. Why was the show like that back
in the day? So there's a lot of good stories, um, from back in the day to talk about. So that's
going to be a channel point where we're, um, Bobby, if you have, I'm sorry, really important,
Bobby, if you haven't already activated it, you, ah, I was going to suggest he just activated. I
was going to say you may want to hold it because we're not going to be here next week. And so
that's going to be one less week. We can collect the, um, rewards. So Bobby, I leave it up to you
if you think we'll hit it. Uh, okay. Oh, Bobby says we can extend the time. Okay, perfect.
So we'll extend it an additional week for the week, but we're off. Perfect. Thank you. Thank
you. Sorry, Jamie. I cut you off, but that was very important because I want to make sure we
set a reasonable goal for the channel point donations here live. All right. You sure are.
So, um, my, um, I re I remember that cause, you know, I sometimes get that,
that visual memory in place. So I was on that blue armchair lazy boy or whatever it was
laying across it with a cheap headset on like one of my work headsets or something.
And there was a computer or TV right in front toward the middle. And on the other side was
the kitchen in that big vaulted room. Am I right? That's right. Your, your mic on the first episode
was shitty. Yeah. Cause I, all I had was that headset cause we didn't have another mic. But
the first episode of orange lounge radio and, and kind of what, one of the reasons why I'm like,
now is a good time to do it. We're coming up on our 19th anniversary. So around the time you guys
raised the channel, because Bobby said a high bar for this one, it's going to be 150,000 points,
but this is, it's going to be a good one. Um, the, the reason it's going to be timed right
around our 19th anniversary. And if you think about it, your 19th birthday means you're entering
your 20th year, right? And then your 20th birthday is the celebration of the 20th year, right? Your
first birthday is celebration of one year. So we are entering our 20th year of orange lounge radio.
So I think this is a really interesting way to look back and go like just how far we've come
because I'm not, it is no secret. Episode one is going to be really, really shitty. And that is why
Loki dark soccer, myself, we all kind of don't want to listen to it, but I also think it's a
really great thing to do to just go like, look how fucking far we've come and talk about some
of the things we've learned. Like these are the things in episode one that didn't work at all,
you know, and why we do the show differently now. So I actually think there's going to be
like a lot to learn from it and it'll be really cool. Um, and tiger claw points out also,
you've got to take into account the technology you had at the time wasn't as good as what we have
today. Uh, and that's very true. Another reason why the first episode of orange launch radio is
garbagey is because we were dial-up friendly radio on live 365. Remember 2002, not everybody
had, we had screaming fast DSL at our house. That's how we were able to do this radio.
You know what? You know what our 20th birthday is going to be? It's going to be, uh, uh,
Seijin Shiki, which, uh, turning 20 in Japan is the coming of age. Interesting.
Interesting. Yeah. I, I, I, I, I, I'm going to be completely and utterly honest. I,
I absolutely think OLR will make it to 20 years. I think at this point we kind of have an obligation
to get to our 20th birthday. I don't know how much further after that. I mean, but I,
but keep in mind before you all panic and go like, Oh my God, what is Rob saying?
We set this back like the second year of the show. Like if we actually hit episode 573,
we, we, we have no life. We're idiots. And now here we are on like episode 870,
but yeah. And Bobby says that in chat. Rob also said this at the 10th birthday and the 15th
birthday. So I'm saying it again. I don't know how we like the show will get to its 20th birthday.
Yes. Will it get to its 40th? I don't think it can. I just don't think it will be geriatric.
Uh, we will be, we really will be geriatric millennials or geriatric Gen X is the case.
Maybe, um, unless we hand the show off to other people, which is a distinct possibility. We've,
we've always joked for a long time. Loki's kid, uh, Julian and somebody else will volunteer,
uh, can do the show in the future. So anyway, but you know, you know what,
though, this is going to be kind of an observation and it's going to make me sound like a, you know,
a really old bitch, but I think that having this incentive to stay up with our current video game
culture, I don't know. I think it kind of keeps one young. Uh, absolutely it does. But then you
also like, you start to look at where video game culture is going sometimes and you're like, God,
like, you know, we did this. So, I mean, I, I, again, I don't want to like make everybody
and make anybody freak out or anything or like, Oh my God, is Rob announcing retirement? No, no,
no, no, no, no, no. But it is definitely one of those things. Like when she started to approach
20 years, you're like, how much longer are we really going to do this? You know? So we'll see.
And so we're recognized by Guinness. I guess so. Well, we haven't submitted to Guinness.
And I think, I think there's a part of that too, that like, we keep going because we are the
longest running show. If we stop, we're not that anymore. You know, and I can think of like three
other shows that can't wait to snatch the title, which, which they all worked hard and they've all
deserved it. But, and I honestly don't know who's the oldest, but, um, uh, yeah, but it's like,
if once we stopped doing it, we can't really claim that title anymore. So that's kinda,
you know, um, Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, I know that's the case with me because kids in
the neighborhood talk about games and try to dumb it down for me as an adult. And then they
get surprised. Oh yeah. How do you do fellow kids? Like, yeah, totally. I get it double
for being, you know, mostly female, even though you're, you're a girl, you don't play games. Um,
I hope you know that it's now more than 50% of gamers out there are female or female identified.
I know, especially with like gen Z, if you will, or like the younger generation,
I thought it was kind of an accepted fact. Boys and girls both play games period. Like,
it's not like, it's just part of culture or period. Um, so it is fascinating that some
people still hold that archaic perspective, but it's, it's more, it's people our age that do,
which is unfortunate. Bobby was saying sadly though, since I don't play Fortnite or Warzone,
they're like, well, you're not really a gamer at my response to that. Well, I actually play good
games. Uh, my response to that would be like, all right, I'll listen here. You little shit.
We're going to, and that's exactly what I'm saying to that child. I actually am playing good games.
Listen here. You suck. Challenge that kid to a tournament on a, on the Atari 2,600 game of
your choice and watch them cry. You know, no, no, even better. Challenge them to mega man too.
Mm hmm. Or one of those or, or battle toads. Challenge them to battle toads. See,
see how well they do. Make them cry for saying what they said, Bobby.
Play through guardian legend on TGL mode. I'll wait.
Uh, let's see. Bobby Blackwell says a friend's nine year old started trash talking me about
smash brothers and his dad was like, oh, you know not what you're doing, sweet summer child.
Yeah. Yeah. Usually when I get teabagged by survivors and dead by daylight, I'm like,
they're a 13 year old. I know it. God, that makes me so angry.
And you know, it's funny. This is a big reason why I like playing plague.
It's because all I have to do is get the blood puke and chases them out immediately.
And then I get the extra blood points. Uh, let's get into some, uh, gaming news. Sorry.
We had quite the tangent there, but, and it was just basically old man,
and woman yell at cloud, but, um, you know, it is what it is. All right, let's move on to,
uh, what's going on in the gaming industry this week. Uh, big news about a big title, right?
Yeah. So Overwatch two, they've basically said that the new game is going to drop the team size
down from six players to five. And basically saying that the game has changed over time
and we've gone from having no hero limits to having a hero limit.
We introduced new roll lock over the course of the game. And we feel that this is the next step
to that Overwatch ought to be played. Um, so that's interesting. And then of course it has,
you know, folks wondering that are on these professional teams with six players,
you know, uh, am I going to be dropped from the team? So, um, yeah, it's interesting.
Obviously it's a bit early to see, you know, what's going to happen, but with the change to
five E five, um, there is a possibility that some of these players will be benched.
Now I haven't played Overwatch in some time. Um, it is for those of you in chat, uh, over at
twitch.tv slash vog network that do play more Overwatch currently than I do. Is this like some
type of response to the fact that not enough people are playing tank? And so the cues are very
long for everybody except tank. Like, is this kind of why they're rebalancing it in this way?
Cause that was my first gut reaction because I do remember I was playing a little bit when
those roles first went live and yeah, like you were going to wait in a queue if you weren't a
tank period. So, uh, some folks in chat act def says, uh, kind of in chat. Okay. Good enough for
me. Uh, as showing her mat says, yeah, the five player match thing throws things off already
strategy wise. Well, it is a big change. It is certainly going to separate the sequel from the
original that's for sure. Yeah. So I don't know if that's, I don't know if that's the,
I don't think they really outlined what their exact reasoning was for that. Um, probably not
to anger people, but it's the change that they're making as of right now. Let's, you know, fan
backlash. And in which case they could go back on that, but it is what it is. It's interesting. Um,
because, uh, uh, well, the act-def in chat says they're rebalancing because tanks make it a bit
more complicated. I was gonna say it's interesting because that creative director guy, Jeff Kaplan,
right. Was his name. He just left overwatch not that long ago. Um, you know, again, I don't want
to be too like conspiracy theorist or whatever, but maybe there were some changes that were coming
that he didn't necessarily agree with that the team wanted to do. Uh, I don't know. I don't know.
I don't think it's related. I really don't, but it's, I'm sure I'm certain I'm not the first
person to wonder that out loud. So, Hmm. Well, I'll still, I'll still be curious about overwatch
too. That's for sure. I wish they'd unveil some more characters, um, and show a little bit more
of what the game's actually going to look like, but I guess it's still some time out. So, um,
you know, they're not releasing it this year. Uh, we're getting that Diablo two remaster this year
and that's about it from well, and then while classic, uh, burning crusade just happened.
Um, but that's about it or no is happening June 1st. My bad, uh, soon. Uh, but that's, uh, about
it from blizzard this year. So we have, uh, next year Diablo four, which I'm all about that one.
And then, uh, Overwatch two, hopefully to look forward to. So that'd be good. Um,
something else to look forward to that people have been asking for, for a long time here on Twitch
TV is new tags. Um, and I think we've talked about it before on this show. Uh, there's a lot of
people that have been wanting a trans tag for quite some time, uh, to, um, help, uh, trans people,
uh, find each other on the platform. Uh, granted, um, you know, one of the letters in LGBTQ is T um,
but I, I get it. It's not that tag is kind of dominated by a lot of, um, CIS white women and
CIS white gay men, like is kind of like what's, what's there. Uh, there's not a lot of other,
like, like it's, it's hard sometimes to find trans people within that tag. Um,
The other, the other one is allies using the LGBTQIA when the aid does not stand for ally.
Yes. I get it. So I know ally is getting their own tag.
Yes. That, that is one of the other, uh, 350 tags that is coming. And I also like that one,
you know, yeah, I, believe me, I totally agree. Allies should not be using that tag. I it's,
it's, I realized they have the best intentions. I don't know anybody. Well, okay. You're right.
There's always some people that are, but I, most people, and I'm willing to give most people the
benefit of the doubt, had good intentions using that tag for that reason. Um, but that's why,
you know, if you educate somebody and say, Hey, here's why you shouldn't, most people are going
to be pretty good and change it up. Um, but I think it's good that Twitch is coming in and just
making the tags a little bit more clear. So here's what's going on. Twitch is going to be
introducing 350 plus community tags. That's a lot of tags. And honestly, I couldn't even tell you
the entire list. I think it is linked somewhere, but I'm just, I'm kind of waiting for it to roll
out to see what happened. Uh, Twitch in a tweet earlier this week, Friday afternoon.
Said we had planned to share this next week, but we've heard a lot of you talking and we
want to make sure the record is clear next week. We'll be adding 350 plus new tags to
celebrate yourself and your community. And of course, trans. Well, probably came from
their blog posts about how they're having a dedicated, you know, a hot tub channel.
And people are like, well, wait a second. Why aren't you addressing this other thing?
You are one come in, save face. You are 100% correct. Because they went, I mean,
I guess technically we don't know what Twitch was doing, but we do know they put out a blog post
that was like, Hey, um, we're not going to ban hot tub streamers because they are quote unquote,
sexy. Like we're not banning someone for being conventionally attractive. Like that's getting
there in category, right? Exactly. They're getting their own category and you know what I cool.
I, I, I agree like Twitch is more than just gaming. And if that's what somebody wants to do,
and if that's what people want to watch, I myself will probably not be watching.
I certainly won't be creating that content. Well, maybe a future channel point reward. We'll see.
But for the most part, I don't plan to participate, but it doesn't affect me if it exists.
Right? Because that's the same thing that I'm saying about a lot of these other tags
is that it doesn't change. You know what? Let people have the tags they want
and identify how they want. It's not going to change your life whatsoever.
And that's kind of how I feel about the hot tub stuff at this point. Let them,
let them do their thing. Have fun. But by announcing that in their,
that they're getting their own category. Absolutely. Everybody responded and said,
Hey, Twitch, fuck you. Like we've been asking for a trans tag for over a year and hot tub streamers
get a tag, get a category first. And it kind of caused a subsequent call out to happen
where folks were saying, you know what? I bet Twitch is just sitting on this.
And here comes pride month, June 1st, they're going to say, Oh, look what we're doing for
pride. Cause we're the greatest company in the world. And here's your rainbow Twitch logo
and 350 tags that you've been asking for for the longest time. And you know what?
Those people with those comments were absolutely right. Clearly. And Twitch realized,
fuck, if we now announce this on June 1st, the start of pride month,
we're going to look super performative and that it's just a corporate thing and all this other
stuff. And so that's why they announced it Friday afternoon. And they said, we'd plan to announce
this next week. Well, what's next week, the weekend leading up to June 1st.
So it was performative. So yes, it was absolutely planned to be this,
but you know what? It's movement in the right direction. Yes. We can say about fucking time.
Yes. We can say you only did this because XYZ, but I think at the same time we have to go and we say,
but you did it. Thank you. The community asks for this. You're finally giving it to the community.
Thank you. Let's move forward and build a stronger community together now that we have what we've
been asking for. Let's look forward. And I think there's a lot of people kind of taking that
approach. So, let's see. They apparently worked with organizations like glad and able gamers to
develop these tags. Yes, that's true. Also says, you know what, Rob? I didn't think of that,
but I totally get it now. Lego kind of got some of that for the rainbow pride set they announced.
Yes. And that's kind of what it is. It's like, okay, cool. Everybody's gay in June. Awesome.
How are you the rest of the year? And this is what a lot of marginalized communities, again,
I'm not black. I'm not going to in any way try to speak for that community. But a lot of message
that I hear from folks is February. Yes, is, you know, Black History Month. But it would be really
great if we learned about black people 365 days a year. Like that should be a thing that we learn
about in schools and in curriculum. Juneteenth should be a thing that we learn about in schools
and not just like, oh, you know, February, right? And that is really be a nationally
recognized holiday. It is a very similar discussion when it comes to things like pride
is it's like, that's great, you know, and again, it's kind of like one of those I'm sure you have
good intentions. But how do you treat how did the policies of your company treat gay people,
trans people, and all sorts of marginalized people the rest of the time of the year? That's what this
boils down to. So, and deejirama S. responds, Rob, I feel this so hard in February. And
Bonsoblo6 says you hit the F a nail on the head, Rob. How are you the rest of the year?
Dark Tetsuya says Mishkin says thank you from over on the couch during playing Final Fantasy 14.
You're welcome, because I've learned a lot of this from you guys. And you want to go back to
20 years of Orange Lounge Radio. And even though I'm aging as faster and so forth, and what is
different between episode one and today? I've learned a lot of shit. I've learned a lot of shit.
And I think a lot of you guys have too. I think we've all learned from each other.
And that's one beautiful thing about all of this. So okay, anyhow, where was I? Oh, yes,
I was talking about the Twitch tags. What else do we have? We have I didn't talk. So I've been
talking about the trans tag, but it's important to notice. Note, the other tags are going to be
related to gender, sexual orientation, race, nationality, ability, mental health, and more.
Black, disabled, veteran, VTuber. I'm very sorry to show my ignorance here. I do not know what
VTuber virtual Youtubers virtual stream virtual avatar streamers. Oh, okay. I did not know what
that meant. Sorry. Okay. And they're going to remove references to Ally from that tag and
give allies their own tag as we were talking about before. I am of this mindset. I'm of this mindset
that like, if you are streaming on Twitch, you should be an ally in the first place.
And like people that aren't should be. And when I say ally, I don't mean just LG. I don't mean,
I mean the new flag that also has a decent human being. Yes, like that. And that's always the thing
that kind of got me about it is like, like Twitch should just like, if you can't treat people
different than you decently, I don't think you should be on this platform. Like, you know, go,
go start your own website. You shouldn't be on this one, but that's, I don't know. Maybe folks
think I'm a little bit too harsh with that, but I, you don't have to, you don't have to sit there
and scream gay rights on your stream. You don't have to do that, but like you can like not say
fag on your stream. You can not do that. But Rob, what the whole thing of having an ally tag though
has extra meaning for me as an asexual person. Oh, of course. Of course. We are a very overlooked
minority in the community. Um, a couple of the, um, the streamers that, you know, I'm pretty much
regular in their chats, like, uh, losing color puddings, um, naked prints, a few of them we've
actually, it's opened up that conversation in a few of, of those chats about, and there's people
in there who legit don't know that the aid does not stand for ally. I totally get it. Yeah. And
going in and educating people and having them be receptive to it has been amazing. You're right.
And I think I might be talking about a mindset that has existed on Twitch that will get better
maybe because of this and because it's going to be separated and so forth. And I would bet
I haven't looked, but with 350 tags, I have no choice but to assume a sexuality is going to be
a tag. Uh, I really do hope so. I can't confirm that, but yeah, I really do hope that it is if
transgender is going to have their own tag us ace folks need one too, or the, you know, the
non-binary community, um, tends to be also overlooked too, because people are so stuck in
this binary point of view. But, um, I mean, I'm also wondering since they were bringing up, um,
religious identity and nationality, if I'm going to see like a Jewish tag or a Muslim tag or
something like that, maybe, um, well, I guess we'll see. Uh, I don't know if they've published
the list. Um, but we'll find out next week. That's for sure. Peer to peer had Jewish as
an identity on there, which of course I put in right away. Um, cause I don't really find many
people who are outwardly, you know, public about their, about being Jewish on Twitch.
And I think that when you see that, you know, if you look past the stereotypes and see that,
we're all just like people that it would remove some of the stigma.
Um, uh, what else is it going to say with it? Oh, I was just gonna say, I'm glad that Twitch
is doing this. Um, I, I was always kind of like a little bit surprised, like, like I think if I
was kind of like in charge of Twitch, like how might I have done this? I might've had ways that
you can identify you, the streamer or your community and tags that play into this, you know,
honestly, the fact that I'm in my forties. And streaming on Twitch, I think is worthy of a tag
of some sort because, you know, we are, there's not a lot of folks in their forties that are
streaming on Twitch. There really isn't. I, and I, of course I would like to have a tag so that
people know I'm a gay guy that plays games and, and you know, other things that speak to me as
well. And I think, um, for like your community and for yourself and that, so you would have
tags for that that are kind of like permanent for your, well, not permanent. You can always
change them, but they're like account wide, if you will account wide tags. And then the streams
that you create have their own tags. So it's like, okay, I am the 40 something gay guy that is doing
a hot tub stream today, you know, or whatever it is. Or I am doing a retro stream where I guess,
cause hot tub is going to be a category now and people might say, Oh, it's you're talking.
Well, okay. No. Um, and today I'm doing a retro stream where you can ask me anything.
And, uh, I'm taking audience requests. Cause those are all things that are tags right now.
Like, and I, I would like to have separated things that way. You're you're like who you are versus
what is in this piece of content that you're making. Do you know where, do you know where
that idea is at? And it works pretty well. Pornhub and I'll leave it at that.
I've heard surprisingly progressive. I've I've heard.
I, I wouldn't know myself. All right. Anyhow. Okay. Uh, let's move on. Um, let's see. Uh,
it's my turn. Yes, it is. Sorry. I was just looking at comments in the chat, uh, because,
uh, pod culture is like old fart tag as she, 100 Matt says geriatric millennial tag. Sure. Even
though technically I'm Gen X. I'll add something about that. Um, and this is, and it's not like
a toot my own horn because yeah, I have good genes and take care of myself. But like when
I've been streaming, I'll legit have people who are surprised that I'm 45, but I take care of
myself and you know, I think that people are staying younger longer because we're realizing
that that attitude is, it's something that society has put on us that you have these expectations of
you. And I think our generation is one of the first ones to break from it, you know? Yeah.
And so, um, like I all the time, you know, we'll get, um, oh, well you can't have remembered that
or on the phone with my job, you know, I'll be like, oh yeah, my first computer was a Coleco
Adam. Like you can't, you can't have had that. Was it like third hand? I'm like, no, you know,
but I think that this is the thing that, you know, I'm not so sure that I'm down for the age
tag on there just because I don't really think it's relevant anymore except for the, the mental
aspect of it, their perspective that you give, I suppose. Um, and again, tags are always an opt
in thing, you know, just cause they have the tag doesn't mean you have to, you know, and there's
some, there are some folks within the trans community that would not like to use those tags
and that is completely a person's choice. Some people feel that if they use the tag,
they're going to be opening themselves to, um, people coming in to abuse the channel and be,
be shits online. Basically I completely get that. And if somebody doesn't want to use it for that
reason, um, I a hundred percent, 150% support it. Like you, I get it. However, I am also glad,
sorry, Jamie. I'm also very glad that Twitch said as a part of this statement, we understand,
and I don't have the exact wording, I'm paraphrasing, sorry, but basically like,
we understand the concern that these tags could open up channels to abuse and we want to make
clear this abuse is not acceptable on our platform and they are bannable offenses. That was my,
honestly, that part was the best part about this whole announcement to me is that they have made
it very clear. Harassment has no place on this platform. Good. It shouldn't. Sorry, Jamie. I cut
you off while I was ranting. I was just saying, you know, with the, the using the tags like that,
like me, I mean, technically as a demigirl, I have been told that I fall under the trans group,
but I don't use it because I don't, I just don't feel like it's representative of me. I'm
borderline, you know, it's, it's, it's so weird. And that is a hundred percent your call to make.
Exactly. Nobody makes that call but you. Exactly. Exactly. So, all right. So anyway,
um, I was using it as an example. I'm very curious to see what happens to some of these
other websites. Like the, um, I'm sorry, I forget. Is it the peer to peer? Was that the name of it?
The peer to peer? Yeah. That's the one that, uh, that I got accepted on. I'm kind of curious where,
where now that these tags are happening, does a site like that still kind of stick around for
the community they've built or are they going to evolve in some way? I'm just kind of curious.
Like, I think it's still necessary and I'll tell you why. Um, and actually when I was streaming
last week and I actually kind of fussed at them because I thought it was a bot. Um, but actually
they have people who work with peer to peer who are going in to channels and doing promotion for
those channels for different people in the peer to peer network. Oh, like this one was like called
like businessman something. And, and I was like, Oh, somebody blocked this. Like, no, no, I'm only
half a bot. I'm actually really a person here, but, and so we, we talked about it and they're
like, yeah, we're promoting people who are on peer to peer so that, um, we can, you know,
build up more of that acceptance and make sure that these people are given more of a voice.
And I was like, Oh, well, well fine. Hang around. I'm cool with that. I'm sorry. I misunderstood.
You know, okay. So like the literal sense of network that makes perfect sense and
clearly answers my question, how that is still totally relevant. Thank you.
I found new streamers through peer to peer, just, you know, I've found games that I've,
you know, haven't heard of from watching peer to peer. Um, I've, I've really,
I've really been enjoying the service and I'm honestly proud to be a part of it.
Neat. No, that's great. And thank you for, um, explaining that because now that you put it in
that light where it's like literally not just about like being on a directory, but the active
promotion of people that also agree to those, you know, rules that identify in these different ways
that are also on the directory. It's about that mutual promotion and benefit. Um, Oh yes,
I a hundred percent get that. Hello, VOG network. We, we kind of have, we're, we're a form of that
for like a different thing, like indie voices and stuff. Right. So like when you put it in that,
uh, context, I'm like, Oh, okay. Oh, I guess so. It's like, it's like VOG, but this thing,
cool, neat. Well, and we may have some new VOG additions down the line, just saying,
well, we're still open to, you know, especially folks that want to do the Twitch thing. I mean,
yes, we have room for podcasters as well. Uh, and we have great shows that have been on our network
a long, long time that still do the audio only thing like British invaders. If you have never
heard me talk about them, they are a wonderful show that talk about British television and you
will find out about so many neat shows. You need to dig out of an archive and watch, uh,
that just like how we got from, you know, uh, old, uh, older shows in the fifties and sixties
to now and somewhere it's, it's great. Um, and then we have, of course, shows that are on video,
like us, Bobby anime jam session. Um, so yeah, my point was, um, we're always, you know, I've,
I've admittedly been very sleeping on a lot of this during the pandemic and some folks have even
reached out to me and I've just been kind of like, this whole thing has just been a lot.
And like, honestly, status quo right now is an achievement. If I can be perfectly honest
throughout this pandemic status quo has been an achievement, but now that we're getting to the
other side of things, I I'm definitely need to go back on the motivation side of things. So,
all right. Yeah. All right. Dark soccer. We've been teasing this next story, the entire show.
So let's talk about it. All right. So, um, I, um, I have incentive to play no man's sky,
which for the record, it's not going to run on my back. I have to see if I can run it in my
virtualizer. Um, but at any rate, um, there's a crossover with no man's sky from mass effect.
And this lasts until the 31st. So time is indeed of the essence. Um, but basically you can do a,
uh, a mission that will let you, I guess, build the Normandy kind of, uh, acquire. Yes. You
basically call it, you, you call it the, as you play it, it, um, hints that there is like
something and there's very subtle hints through the whole thing where it's like, um, uh, something
that is called to action when it is most desperately needed. And as like mixed up with
radio interference and it says two worlds colliding coming together. So it's like hinting
that it's a crossover. And then when you finally finished the last thing and you put this beacon
out, it actually, it kind of like summons the Normandy into the orbit of the planet that you're
on. And you can go claim it for your own, um, your fleet. Would this be something I can do
as a new player? Yes, because they've put it in a new mode called expeditions, which is the mode.
That's kind of like Diablo seasons where you start a new game. It's the only way you can do it. You
start a new game, uh, in expeditions mode and expeditions mode sets you up with certain stuff
to begin with. So, um, and another hint, the very first thing that you do in this is you build a car
that looks a lot like the Mako. It's the very first thing you do, uh, and you drive to where
your ship is at basically. How long did it take you to do about five hours of gameplay?
So keep that in mind too. You're in, you do have to put in the time. Um, you're not going to be
able to just go in there and, uh. So I could get it done tonight after my stream. Yeah. So, um,
as long as I'm not, I'm actually right now seeing if I can put it on my, uh, on my windows desktop,
my virtual desktop. So, um, but, uh, let's hear it for gigabit ethernet, but, but anyway, um, it's,
it's, it looks like it's really cool. Um, now I guess I probably should have just had you do this
story, Rob, because you've actually done this, but, um, like do you get to go inside the Normandy?
Is it the same? No. So, and I think they did this purposely because they knew that people would want
to go inside it and do all this stuff. And I don't think no man's sky engine is really built
for that. You can't use it as your own ship because the ships in no man's sky are very
individualistic. They're tiny little flying pods, um, to suddenly have the Normandy and all of its
crew and all that stuff doesn't really gel with the lore. So what they did is they made the
Normandy a fleet ship and fleets go with your, uh, frigates and the missions that you send those
out on, uh, you acquire different fleet ships to send out emissions. So Normandy is basically
becomes like a, an agent that you send out to do separate missions and, and come back and bring
you stuff. But it is like, it's an S class. It's the very best type that you don't see, uh, every
day. So that's interesting. Yeah. Um, also, and it's also worth pointing out because a lot of the,
the tweet focused on the ship and everything, you actually unlock other stuff. So as you're doing
the missions and you know, you, you make your way, you start to see more and more of what you get.
And when you finish it all, you get titles, you get paragon, the paragon and the renegade. So
you unlock those titles. You actually get a sticker, uh, or like a, uh, uh, I forget what
they call them. Um, a logo, a splash, I don't know, but you get that, that you could put on
your base. So you get it and it just looks like the Normandy and you also get, um, something else
along those lines too, where it's like a art thing of the Normandy that you actually pick up and you
can use on your base. Now, are you stuck using this in your seasonal file? Because the expeditions
turn to regular games at the end of the expedition. Uh, and the answer is no, you're not limited to it.
So once you claim that, or once you've finished your season stuff, you can go back in your main
game and you're going to summon the space anomaly. That's the hub that you're able to summon a little
ways into the story in the main game, in the season game, you can get it right from the start.
Um, but you summon the space anomaly and in there is a vendor and he's the same one that had the
Twitch rewards from all those things during the first expedition. And you can, you talk to him and
he now has an expedition reward category and you can just pop the Normandy into your fleet from
there. Get your sticker, get your titles, get all that stuff that it gives you right off the bat.
That's pretty cool. Yeah. Well, um, well I'm going to see if it'll run in my virtualizer. Um,
but, uh, if not, I guess that's what my steam link is going to be for, for my, uh, my PC that I'm
still looking at with slight loathing because of how often it would just restart.
Bobby Black Wolf asks a great question in chat that I honestly don't know the answer to. And
that is, do we know if this goes cross platform, if you linked all your accounts? I don't know.
But if I remember after the show and you may need to nudge me with a tweet, I will log into my steam
account and check out my no man's sky file there. I think I can get the space anomaly in my steam
account. If not, I'll just fucking play it again until I can. And I'll answer that question. So
I'll try to do it, um, because I actually don't know. Um, and that's a great question. And I
doubt anyone listening currently is crazy enough to own that game on multiple platforms like I do,
although I did not buy the Xbox one. I'm using game pass to do it. I only have it on steam,
but, uh, I think it is a great question that you're asking. So, um, I will try to remember
to do that after the show, but you may need to nudge me if I don't respond because I forget
things. So, all right. But yeah, it's an awesome collaborate. So it's so random, but I just,
it's so short. I wish, I wish they would have given at least till mid June. I get that it
doesn't take as long to finish, but I think you have a lot of people that haven't been interested
in no man's sky that are suddenly like, Oh, I want to fly up and around. Cause the nice thing is
dark soccer. And this is right up your alley. When the Normandy is just floating there in space,
you can take your ship and you can fly all around it and underneath it and up close and over. You
can just like, you know, look at the Normandy from any direction you want. So that's awesome.
Yeah, it really is. I love, I love the Normandy. Yeah, me too. All right. Um, let's move on
Loki. Something, something exciting in your world and your fandoms, right? Uh, yeah, absolutely. So
deep silver. Um, I mean, there's been rumors that there's a new time splitters game being worked on
for a long time. In fact, there's been several iterations with different companies that happening,
but now we've got something official actually coming. Um, thanks to deep silver. So deep
silver put out a tweet, um, announcing that deep silver studio is coming, uh, free radical design.
So our new deep silver studio. And so they're bringing back free radical design, which actually
back in 2014, but they're bringing back the original like veterans, Steve Ellis and David
doke. And basically said, you've asked, we listen, we've been working on plans of bringing time
splitters franchise back to life and are pleased to let you know that we are doing just that,
uh, free radical designs is reforming and we'll be headed up by the industry and, uh,
time splitters veterans. Uh, this is exciting first step in the process. So I am super excited
about that. That is amazing. So I can't wait for a new time splitters game. I just, I hope they do
it justice for you, Loki. Cause sometimes they get the gang back together and it's like, Oh,
you know, there's not much to the formula really. I mean, it's a, it's an FPS with like weird quirky
stuff in it. And I think it, I think that's a pretty easy bar to hit. I just think about,
I think about things like mighty number nine and I know that game had its fans and you know,
I don't, I don't, but yeah, you see that that was my reaction to Loki.
No, I can, I see them being able to do it, especially if you have the original developers
on and stuff. I think it'd be fine. All right. Uh, orange right in chat says, I remember spending
some time in time splitters, one level editor, uh, as Joe and her to Matt says, we've been teased a
new time splitters game for awhile. I hope they pull it off. Yeah. I think that would be fun.
Uh, now that they've got it. Well, cause before like that was with like, we've had like kind of
work in progress things that were being made by either fans or being made by studios that have
clone or closed down and stuff like that. So now that they have a publisher, they have a studio,
I think we're, and they've said, yes, we're making it. Um, it's a pretty good indicator that
it's coming. Yeah. All right. Um, well, let's move on. Uh, it'll probably be too soon to see
details on the time splitter game this summer. Um, but we know we're going to be getting a lot
of game announcements, uh, as we get closer to summer, of course, E3 is on the horizon
and there are other virtual events that are happening as well, including summer game Fest
is coming back this year. And we knew that for some time now, summer game Fest last year,
I think people were kind of happy it was there, but it was also kind of hard to follow because
summer game Fest was like four months long. Remember that like, it was like summer game Fest
is running from June to September. And it was like, that isn't really a Fest, right? Well,
it does seem like Jeff Keeley, who of course is the brains behind all of this. You know him from
his game awards show and all that. It does seem he's picked up on a lot of that feedback because
he he's kind of saying in some tweets that he put out this week, the basically like,
I get the feedback that people like to have this information dump kind of like at one time. And
that, you know, uh, it's, it's going to be like a memorable month. He says, you know, this will be
a memorable month of announcements and updates. So what summer game Fest is going to be, they're
going to have a kickoff. They're calling it kickoff live. They're not saying what they're
kicking off, but it's kind of like a wink and a nod. It's an E3 kickoff, but not officially
because E3 soccer games. Yeah, no, not that kind of get off, but E3 is doing a kickoff. Oops. Nope.
No, they're not. As summer game Fest is doing a kickoff that may or may not be inspired by E3,
Thursday, June 10th. And it's at 11 AM Pacific time, which, so Bobby was talking before the show,
Oh, we might co-stream this. Hey, go, go for it if you're able to, but I will unfortunately be
busy with my day job. And that is not the greatest time for that. But I, but I also understand it's
in line with a lot of the E3 stuff, which tends to be during the day as well. 30 publishers are
taking place, or excuse me, we're taking part in summer game Fest. Some that are not with E3,
including PlayStation, Blizzard, Devolver Digital. So maybe we'll get more on that game. You were
just talking about it. Electronic Arts, who's doing their EA play live thing still. So that's
kind of cool. Also, I don't know why, but Weezer is performing at the kickoff. Well, that's fun.
I mean, Weezer's cool. Of course I look at the promo photo of Weezer and I go, Oh shit,
they got old. Oh shit. So did I. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. But sorry, I'm not being shady. I promise
Weezer's awesome. I'm just, you know, like, Oh shit, they got old. So did I. Apparently also
Jeff Keeley loves to do the co-stream stuff and allow that stuff, which I'm very thankful for.
And I think that's a great way to do it. You're allowed to co-stream. Apparently you can even
co-stream the musical performance because it's a live performance. So it shouldn't hit any of
those, whatever, but it has the rights to do all that. It shouldn't. It's true. It's true.
But it probably will. All right. So that'll be cool. I can't wait to, I mean, I can't co-stream
it, but I can work on a project while I have my earbuds in listening to it. I can do that.
So that'll be cool. And I, so I look forward to listening to it when, when it all goes down on
June 10th. So let's see. RHM087 in chat says, will the Twitch stream have to have generic rock?
Well, that depends on what you consider Weezer. When I read that comment at first,
I thought it said geriatric rock and I was like, wait, hold on, hold on, hold on.
It's not the Rolling Stones. Okay. It's not, it's not ACDC. Okay. It's,
and I'm sorry if you love those bands. They're great bands, but if Weezer got old,
have you seen Aerosmith lately? Like, really? All right. He's melted a bit.
All right. Anyway, let's move on. Sorry, I was on mute. I was gonna say,
look at the Rolling Stones. Keith Richards has to recycle his blood.
Oh, yeah. Right. Oh my gosh. And ACDEF says, I think RHM087 is talking about what happened
with Metallica at BlizzCon. You're right. I do remember that, how they replaced it with generic
rock. But let's remember, Metallica was at the forefront of screwing online music distribution.
I realized they've come a long way, but that is a flag they're going to have to carry for
forever, basically, what they did to Napster back in the day. You can't help but think about that.
I am confident enough that Jeff Keighley has thought of these sorts of questions
because he keeps tabs on things like when the Blizzard stream got muted and changed to the
generic rock. Like, Jeff Keighley, so I have confidence he's gotten all the contracts and
things that need to happen so that your Weezer songs don't get your stream a copyright strike,
which is great. There's a reason I make my own music.
Yeah, I know. And that's been a great thing, too, is that like copyright strike myself.
All right, let's move on. Funny they said that, but that's actually a legitimate strategy to get
past some of those copyright strikes in YouTube is a copyright strike yourself. That's so weird.
All right, let's move on. Dar soccer. You have a very interesting story here.
Yeah. So and this is kind of an important thing for me as someone who plays on things like stadia.
But Netflix, honestly, is now looking for an executive. This is a report to head an expansion
into video games. The report says that they've reached out to multiple veteran video game
industry executives for the position. And this is kind of going along with what some other
companies did. Like Apple Arcade came out with a bundle of games and then has been pretty consistent
with its updates. And, you know, we have stadia. We have Geforce Now. We've got those different
things. So it stands to reason that Netflix is going to want to get in on that action.
And I'm pretty sure they can make it profitable. And on top of that, you know, they've also
did interactive video stuff like the Black Mirror Bandersnatch and the Kimmy Schmidt episode.
And then they've also done series based off of video game properties. I mean, we had Castlevania.
We had The Witcher. But and they've also produced games. There were the Stranger Things games,
which, of course, they also licensed out Stranger Things to behavior for Dead by Daylight.
And the other thing, though, that's going on is that since Netflix subscriptions have slowed
down because of their production delays, that they've gone out and said in 2019 that their
biggest competition was Fortnite. So they're there. The fact that they would want to expand
into these other fields, especially for video game streaming, it really makes sense to me.
I think it would be a wise move on their part, although they've got other established
outlets, you know, that are already going to be a step ahead of them.
You know, it's interesting. You know, I know we're talking about kind of like literal games here that
Netflix might build into their game. But, you know, it's interesting. You know,
that Netflix might build in, you know, like literal games. And it would be interesting
to see how that's all delivered if it's through their app or how they how they get the game stuff
on all the televisions and stuff they support. But it's possible, probably with a very, you know,
like an Android, you know, type of base for all the games, it would probably work. But kind of
something you said there at the end made me think about like actual like video game streaming
content. And we talk a lot about how Twitch is really out here unopposed. I mean, yes,
there's YouTube, but there's another one that went different. Yeah. Mixer that used to be
Beam back in the day. So, you know, wouldn't it be interesting if somebody like Netflix tried to
do like a Twitch thing, like maybe not necessarily letting anybody create content, although I'm all
about that. And I hope that is the direction a company that would choose to do that would do.
But what if a company like Netflix tried to woo some of these big game streamers with large
audiences to create content for Netflix? That would be wild. It would be like a ninja type
thing that's on Netflix. I hate to invoke him because he's always the person that people talk
about. But there's a reason for that. You know, his streams are huge. So it'll be interesting.
So it would. Yeah. But our HM 087 in chats is right now for me, Netflix's biggest competition
is YouTube. And there is that is because you and YouTube is basically free. You know, the ads.
I have a paid YouTube premium account. Yeah, I think there's a thing with Google phones,
too, where that like because I think Alan has like a premium account that he gets because he
has an Android phone of some type. So I don't know how that works. But yeah, yeah, it's interesting.
So. All right. Well, on top of that, now, I think that for Twitch streamers,
I think once you make partner, you are allowed to stream to YouTube as well.
Really? I don't know. I was reading something about doing multiple streaming. I mean, I only I
don't plan on doing any YouTube streaming. It's just the thing is, is that with Stadia,
it has an automatic ability to stream to your YouTube account if you want to.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. That was a big thing they were selling in the beginning. Yeah.
Yeah, which I don't want to do. Yeah. Interesting. All right. Well,
let's move on, Loki. You're muted, by the way, Loki, we can't hear you, so.
Sorry, kids are yelling. So this is pretty cool. We had a mod that's been made for Red Dead
Redemption 2 to add VR support in the sense that they add basically a point of view with VR.
They're still working out the controls and everything, but Red Dead Redemption 2 is a
pretty gorgeous looking game as it is. So it makes for a very immersive experience.
So this is coming actually by the guy that did the same thing, Luke Ross. He did the same thing
for Grand Theft Auto five. And right now you can only run it on really high end hardware.
They're saying that he's basically tested it on just the top of the line, you know,
RTX 3080s and stuff. And it's still kind of not smooth yet, but it's still being worked on.
But man, it looks pretty awesome. Like, I don't know that I would love to try that out someday,
but I don't have the hardware to run that. So I always think it's weird. I always think it's
weird when they inject VR into things that weren't really built for VR. But I also think like,
let's say a game like No Man's Sky where the developers admittedly were the ones that kind
of built that. They kind of made the game work well for it. I think No Man's Sky is a pleasant
experience in VR. I wouldn't want to play the game 24 seven in that way or like all the time,
but I thought when I did play it, I was like, damn, this looks good.
It's been a long time since I played Red Dead Redemption 2, but I know like with Grand Theft
Auto 5, they had the first person view that you could do. I can't remember if they had something
similar that I am in Red Dead Redemption. If that's the case, then it'd be very easy to adapt
it to VR because you already have like that kind of same camera already set up. Maybe they do. I
can't remember because it's been, gosh, like over a year since I played the game. But yeah, I mean,
it looks pretty, pretty awesome. So yeah, hopefully it'll be developed a little bit,
you know, they'll work out the kinks with it and it'll be playable on something that's not so
screaming cutting edge right now, or, well, just wait a little bit longer and eventually it'll be,
you know, that won't be cutting edge anymore. So we'll have to wait and see.
Something you're unable to acquire because of fucking scalpers, right?
So, uh, well, right. And that, and the fact that I use a laptop, so I can't update that
thing anyways. I got to buy a new one. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, moving on,
we have a story that talks about the Evercade system, which, uh, I think, uh, this is cute.
I kind of want one. Like we, we, uh, brought it up before and I'm kind of like, oh, it's another
kind of retro thing. There's these, there's a lot of these out there. This is the one I was telling
you. Well, we, we talked about it a little bit before, but this is the one also that had, um,
some nest maker games on there. So they have several, uh, guys in the community that made
games, have their games published on this, which is awesome. That is I'm open. Hey, you want to
approach somebody? I got a phone. I'm waiting for it to ring. Well, um, right now, Loki,
they're a little busy because they're going to be doing some, uh, some, uh, not, not Indy,
but some other, uh, big publishers of the past, uh, doing some, uh, compilations there.
They're gonna, um, be released on November 3rd, pre-order start May 28th. Uh, they're going to
cost 20 bucks, uh, or a 15 euros, if you will, uh, they are compilation cartridges, which include
Atari arcade one, uh, which has things like Pong warlords lunar Lander asteroids data East, uh,
which has bad dudes versus dragon Ninja burger time, uh, lock and chase chase, uh, chain reaction.
Um, Jaleco arcade with, uh, alligator hunt, snowboard championship, world rally, and then
technos arcade, which has, uh, the combat tribes, uh, double dragon two and three. Um,
Dr. John's adventure. Oh, mysterious stones, uh, minke monkey. Some games I haven't even honestly
heard of to be real, but I love the idea of like these like super retro games in cartridges so
that you're not like accumulating all these little mini players that play like five games. You have
one mini player and a cartridges. That's kind of cool. It's like a legit way to do it. So that's,
that's neat. Um, I, I, I'm kind of interested in one of these things and I haven't been for a long
time, so well, remember they also have the full, uh, console version of this that's coming out.
That's going to play. They have two cartridge slots though. For example, if you wanted to
load up data East and you know, Atari or something like that, you can pop them both in and you have
all those games you can choose from on there. Um, so you can just have a larger library and
swap them out as you need to, but they also have the handheld version as well. It's available.
Yeah. All right. Well, let's take a trip back down memory lane. It was a simpler to, Oh my gosh.
Uh, I may have ruined it, but, um, well, you'll see it was the classic game of the week. Cause
I hit the wrong button that actually showed the game. So maybe you recognize it, but if you didn't
dark soccer is here to educate you on it. And I bet a lot of people didn't recognize that game.
Cause this is, this is one that's for me, I, at least for me is a little bit more of a deep cut.
I wouldn't have recognized it off that half a second clip. I just leaked through there.
But dark soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, Hey,
you guys should be checking this game out. Uh, dark soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
You're muted just FYI. I, I can't see your camera, but.
Okay. Oh, there you are. Um, the game, the game is arrow fighters, um, which is also known as
Sonic wings in Japan. It's a vertically scrolling shooter that came out in arcades. Um, in 1992,
it was released by video system and it got ported over to the super Famicom in 1993.
It was the first in this series, also a spiritual successor to a 1991 game called turbo force.
It's a basic shooter. Um, you know, you have your normal weapons, you can upgrade your
weapons with, uh, P items or rarer F items. Um, and then, uh, of course your maximum power level
does have a hidden ammo count. Um, which of course, uh, after you use that up,
you'll be reduced back to your previous power level. Uh, button two has a special attack. Um,
and, uh, it really, the thing that made this a little bit more famous is that it had a cast
of characters, which in 1992, wasn't really something that happened regularly in a shooting
game. So, um, it had, uh, from the United States, its character was called blaster Keaton. Um,
then player two was Keith Bishop. Um, then in Japan you had Hien and then Mao Mao for player two
Sweden, you had Kofl, the Viking, and then TB 10. And then for UK, you had
William Sid pride and Lord river and white and white. So yeah, you had your own characters,
each of them with their own special, uh, special plane. Um, well, of course, you know that the,
the two us ones, one was an FA 18 Hornet and the other was an F 14 Tomcat. Cause I mean,
hello. Um, but anyway, um, this was considered, um, according to game machine in Japan, uh,
the second most successful table arcade unit of the year. And it was the second most popular
arcade game at the time. Um, it did come out on the SNES, as I mentioned, GamePro gave it a pretty
negative review because it slowed down, uh, had slowed down issues in mediocre graphics and some,
uh, sound effects issues. The music in it wasn't super great. Um, it did also get an emulated
version in 2005 for PS2 for a, uh, Japan exclusive Oritachi Gessen Zoku series. Um,
it had a number of sequels that came out. Um, so, uh, uh, it looks like that, um, the main,
uh, designer Nakamura Shin, uh, did not like that they wanted to, uh, develop for Neo Geo
and wanted to make more vertical games like that. Um, but couldn't do it for a horizontal monitor.
So he formed, uh, Saikyo P S I K Y O, um, and did samurai ACEs for their first game.
Anybody's heard of that. So, um, at video system, however, uh, they did Aero Fighters 2,
Aero Fighters 3, both came out on Neo Geo. Sonic Wing Special, which was like a dream
match version was recent Sega Saturn implementation. Special was also reaped,
uh, into arcades as Sonic Wings Limited. And then, um, uh, Paradigm Entertainment developed
Aero Fighters Assault for video system. Um, and so, uh, of course, Sonic Wings Special and Limited
were both vertical monitor games. Um, Nakamura, um, who I mentioned earlier went on for Strikers
1945 Plus for Neo Geo. Um, so, uh, a popular culture thing is that, uh, John Green, um,
you know, who we know from mental floss, uh, and all that, um, in the Savannah airport mistakenly
read it as nerdfighters. Um, and so they, uh, they had nerdfighters and nerdfighteria as a
collective title for him and his brother's fan community. So I thought it was kind of funny.
And then in 2013, uh, he was given an Aero Fighters arcade cabinet as a gift. Um, so the reason why
I am bringing this up is that the, um, the SNES copy of this can go for some bucks. Um,
on eBay on average for a boxed copy, I'm sorry, this one's an unboxed copy that has even been
scratched in on it is going for 1200. I think I have this game though. I really do. I have to
check. There's another one for 1700. Um, that is again, just, uh, just the cartridge. Um,
I haven't seen what one in the box goes for. I'm pretty sure I own this game and it does look like
there is now I am seeing one on another site though, that says new in the box,
US version retail for 40 bucks. So I don't know if it's like a legit one, but who knows,
but at any rate, um, you know, good luck. It is, uh, yeah, I don't know if this is legit. It
doesn't, it looks a little bit too clean to be legit. So I'd have to double check, but yeah,
it is. Um, it's a game that's kind of hard to find. Wow. There you go. Yeah. I'm pretty sure
this is a repro. All right. Well, is that it? That's the classic game of the week. That's
the classic game of the week. I didn't have a lot to say about it, but I brought it up,
um, as one that for some reason it's going for money. Yeah. Boy. Oh boy. Yeah. And you're going
to have a lot of people checking their collections at home going, do I still have a cartridge?
Cause some folks recognized it in chat. Uh, not, not just from the starting screen,
but once you were talking a little more about it and we actually saw the gameplay, it was like,
oh yeah, there's, I've played this. So, um, that would be interesting if any of our listeners
happen to have this little gold mine sitting in their house. So good pick. Thank you. Thank you.
All right. Classic game of the week. All right. Oh, I see that. Uh, Stella decided to join us.
Loki's cat for those listening on the podcast picture. Uh, but Stella's decided to join us
there during the break. Oh, she looks so comfortable. I love it. I hate it. She's
either comfortable or screaming. She has two moods. All right. Uh, well, I hate resting
and possum. I hate to make you move. Loki cause Stella looks perfectly comfortable,
but, uh, it's time for rapid fire news. All right. So as we were just talking about,
um, red dead redemption two, it should be no surprise that we're getting granted thought of
five on the Xbox series X and PlayStation five, three generations of consoles in the same stupid
game. Um, I love grant the thought of five, but dude, come on. Like, and this is not coming out
until November 11th. So that's, that's a long ways away. Like, can we please get something new,
please? I don't really want to play grand theft auto online. I just want
grand theft auto six, please. Can I have that please? Somebody put an interesting timeline
out that really shows that like rock star hasn't done that much in the past few years.
They're making so much money off of grant the federal online. I guess so.
Yeah. It's crazy. Games, games take longer to make, especially huge AAA titles with 4k graphics
and stuff. They're going to take longer to make. And I understand that. But when you like,
really see like what the weight is like now versus what it used to be, it's like,
where is grand auto six, but, but, but, uh, with that grant, that thought of five,
I want to say came out. Um, well, it was, it's been several years. Um,
was that 2015? No, that wasn't 25th, 2013. Yeah. It's been a while. It's been,
it will be eight years in September. So I think that's enough time to develop a grand
theft auto game considering that this one didn't take as long. Granted, they have gone through
multiple systems, but I just think that they're making so much money on credit auto online that
they just aren't really motivated to make another game. So, so if we're going to get a games that
just won't stop being made, where's my Xbox series X version of Skyrim. I mean, I guess,
I guess they have like the boost ups from the Xbox one X, you know, I guess there's that,
but that's, I guess where's my, where's my, um, series X version of Skyrim.
Um, soon I'm sure. Yeah. I think we'll see a remaster of Oblivion pretty soon.
Oh, you do. Hmm. I think, I think Oblivion or, um,
I don't know, maybe one of the fallout games. We haven't remastered for yet.
Maybe they'll do a remaster of fallout four. Um, or, I mean, it'd be nice if they did new Vegas
or something like that, but like, Oh, whatever. You know what? I don't care. You know, Skyrim
though, like we give it crap because they keep re-releasing it, but that game is thoroughly
enjoyable every time I play it. I have no complaints whatsoever with that. Like I will
play that game a million times. Like it's no big deal. Uh, Zen monkey has a good, uh, comment in
her chat here over at, uh, Twitch TV slash VOG network who says, I don't think rockstar is taking
too long. I think consoles are just coming out too fast. Interesting. Yeah, I guess. And technically,
I feel like it's been the same rate, but I also get, I think it's more like the demands of what
the new consoles require. You know, if they want to make Grand Theft Auto six, a cutting edge,
beautiful, it's going to be a 4k game. That's going to take longer to make, you know? Yeah,
I guess I have to be patient and really I should probably give online another chance because they
have a ton of content out there. Like it really is, but I, I'm kind of old school in the sense
that I like, I like field expansions that they used to have, you know, with like single player
storylines and stuff. I don't necessarily like the con. I don't like the, the having to pay for
absolutely everything in Grand Theft Auto online, like buying stuff is fine, but paying to ensure
my car, paying rent for my apartment, paying to, you know, recent, it's just, it's a lot of like
grind that they purposely put in the game to make money. I just wish to get rid of it. Our chat room
is pointing out that in two more years, uh, Grand Theft Auto five will be eligible for classic game
of the week. Probably releasing yet another version of it. Rapid fire news. Whoops. Sorry,
I think the cat wants to leave here. Oh, okay. That's fine. It's, it's Stella's world. We're
just living in it. That's fine. I'm sure I was just going to sit here screaming at me.
Yeah. Um, that's the listeners love it. They're like kitty, kitty, kitty. Yay.
So it's a letter screen. Yeah. All right. Um, and then of course, uh, Last of Us two is getting an
update on PlayStation five. They're going to be doing an enhancement patch to that, uh, kind of
similar to what we see on Xbox series X, where they're upping the FPS from 30 to 60. So that's
pretty awesome. And that'll be coming soon. Nice. All right. What do you have?
Uh, you're also muted. I've only been muting myself because I have curry rice. That's fine.
Not eating in the mic is a good thing. Well, right. But sometimes, you know,
people got to eat. Um, so anyway, um, people have really, really, really, really, really
wanted the mass effect three multiplayer to come back. Um, and we know it's not there in the
legendary edition, but, um, uh, their project producer, Mac Walters in a CNET interview,
um, basically said he would never say no to it coming back in some form. Um, he's quoted saying,
we want to see what kind of reception the legendary edition gets and what demand for
the multiplayer is. And then we'll ask ourselves if we have the resources, the time to bring it up
to the quality level at fans one. So, uh, cool. I hope that happens. Make it cross-platform or
don't bother. Right. In my opinion, I, my strong opinion, by the way, you'll notice, I didn't
mention mass effect my game a week. I I've put the game after, after everything that I went through
last week, my, my emotions on the show, I said, you know what I think is best right now. I'm just
going to put that game on hold. Like it's, it's a timeless trilogy. I'll love it. When I play
through it, I'll play through it in a couple months. Like once a lot of these patch issues
and all that crap gets sorted out, then I'll play it, you know, I, why, why do I need to play it
right? Right. Now, you know, I discovered mass effect as a trilogy late. I didn't discover it
in 2007 when the first game came out or whatever it was, I discovered it way later. So you know
what? Cool. Anyway, but I w I would be down with multiplayer, don't get me wrong. Uh, and I think
it's the there's money in it for Bioware cause you know, they, they could charge for the packs
and things like that and they'll get their money. Um, but we'll see. Yeah. So at any rate, um, now,
and this is something I don't know that we brought up on this show, but it's definitely something
that's impacted a lot of, a lot of, uh, manga and video game fans is, uh, Miura Kentaro, who was the
mangaka behind Berserk died at 54. And of course we know we've had a couple of Berserk games. There
was the one on dream cast that came out in the U S uh, a while back called out. You, you've done
one as classic game of the week way back when, but one of them you highlighted. Yeah. I know,
but what, as I was saying, um, uh, it had BJ ward is one of the voice actors in it. And, uh,
God, why can't Michael bell as guts? Um, so two Voltron voice actors. Um, but at any rate, um,
because, uh, one of the final fantasy 14 classes, the dark knight was heavily influenced by the
character of guts. Um, uh, in one of the servers, um, I'm trying to see what server it was.
Um, uh, Balmung, um, in old doc, they had a bunch of dark nights, just standing
in a row with their pose with the, with their ginormous sword over their shoulder.
Um, to, uh, to pay tribute to his passing. Um, and the same thing was happening as some
of the other servers as well, just different, similar vigils. Um, but yeah, the, since the
dark knight was, you know, really inspired by guts, who then, um, of course, Mira had a lot
to do with that. Of course, his mark has shown up in many other character classes and games.
So, uh, and you know, the other sad thing for me is that this means berserk is never going to,
to have an ending. It actually, the last arc left off in berserk that I was reading had Casca
getting her, uh, her, uh, personality and memory back, but with a big, uh, hitch in her relationship
with guts. So I don't know if we're ever going to see that end if he's left any kind of successor.
So I don't know what'll happen. Um, Balmung, by the way, I think is probably still the biggest
Final Fantasy 14 server. There's like a ton of people that are on it. A lot of role-play stuff
that happens there. So I'm kind of not surprised that this, uh, happened on that server. So,
all right. Uh, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and talk about some
games that are coming out this week. We'll start in the U S Loki.
All right. So we have bio mutant on PlayStation four, Xbox one and PC,
Capcom arcade stadium on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one, uh, final fantasy 14 on
PlayStation five. Oh yeah. There's a big patch on Tuesday and the official release is this week.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh, King of the seas on a PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four and Xbox one,
man eater on the Nintendo switch dates row, the third remastered on PlayStation five and
Xbox series X shimagami tensei three Nocturne HD remaster on PC, Nintendo switch and PlayStation
four, uh, danganronpa V3 killing harmony anniversary edition on iOS and Android,
uh, earth defense force world brothers on PC, Nintendo switch and PlayStation four,
fighting ex slayer, another dash on Nintendo switch, uh, Mac warrior five mercenaries on
Xbox one and Xbox series X super Bomberman are online on PC into the switch and PlayStation four
tente Boku Metsu on Nintendo switch and PlayStation four,
Warhammer age of Sigmar storm ground on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
And let's see song of horror PlayStation four and Xbox one, uh, the world world's end club
on Nintendo switch. And finally wonder boy, Asha in monster world on Intel switch and PlayStation
four. That's a busy week, but also, um, probably with the summer on the horizon, a lot of folks
getting out of school and stuff. It's a, it's usually, usually this week before summer, so to
speak is a huge release window. So I'm not too surprised. Um, quite a few things coming out in
Japan as well, maybe not quite as crowded, but still, uh, on the Nintendo switch paradigm paradox,
uh, comes out on may 27th, as well as a limited edition for that, uh, tente Boku Metsu comes out
as well. Uh, world's end club gets a release and it's in English. Um, but that is still being
released in Japan. Uh, so you have that to look forward to as well as liberated, same thing going
on there. Uh, you also have man eater gets it's released in Japan this week. That is also on the
switch heading over to the PlayStation five. Uh, they'll say just one game Terminator resistance
enhanced. So there's that on the PlayStation five and for the PlayStation four this week,
uh, you have, uh, tente Boku Metsu is out there as well. Uh, the last of us two gets a price
reduction, uh, on PlayStation four this week. Biomutant is out this week as well in Japan.
And, um, I think that is about it. How about the UK dark soccer?
We have a few things on the 25th. We have Shin Megami Tensei three Nocturne HD remaster.
Um, also in the 25th, we have man-eater for switch, um, Biomutant for PlayStation, Xbox,
and, uh, PC. On the 27th, we have Asterix and Obelix, the XXL collection, um, for PlayStation
and switch on the 28th, we have instant sports tennis for switch and also for the switch port
Royale four. All right. That's it. Then we'll move on to some more stories. Uh, Loki, I think
you have our next story. Yeah. So we had, I think it was last week, Sony saying that they weren't
sure they're going to be able to meet the demand with PlayStation five. And you know,
Nintendo's like, Hey, hold my beer. Um, they're basically saying that they're also uncertain that
they're going to meet the insane demand of the Nintendo switch. Um, so apparently, you know,
they've sold a lot and the demand is still too high. Uh, right now they said they have ads for
production. We've achieved steady hardware production through the end of the last calendar
year. And as a result in the previous fiscal year, we set a record of our highest fourth quarter
sales volume. Meanwhile, the demand for hardware continues to exceed our expectations. Even the
beginning of this calendar year and production has currently not caught up to this high demand
due to tight supply and demand for semiconductor materials worldwide. So they're, they're trying,
but you know, the shortages they're affecting everyone. Um, gosh, there's, uh, um,
there's just a bunch of shortages that they're still expecting through this year. Like with the
whole PlayStation five, I think the graphics card things come out like this with all these, you know,
microchips and things, and just a lot of the stuff, you know, cause, and, and COVID honestly,
because even though COVID is in one kind of place here in the U S that's not what the rest of the
world looks like. So there's that as well. And, um, yeah, it's just, uh, it's not going to be a
pretty year for a lot of those holiday things. So, uh, you know, like I said, I don't, I still
don't have a PlayStation five. I don't know if I'm going to get one this year because of all this
otherwise around the winter time, I might be interested in getting one, but I just don't see
it actually happening sadly. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Um, well moving on and, um, speaking of,
uh, you know, um, the reality that COVID is still, still alive and well in the U S as well as many
parts, many parts of the world. Um, a lot of folks have noticed, uh, uh, Diego, uh, who is a, uh,
fighting game professional gamer. He's pretty well known in those, uh, communities, um,
has just been released from the hospital, uh, in a tweet, uh, on his account, Diego, the beast,
he wrote after nearly two weeks of treatment today, I was released from the hospital,
extremely grateful to the nurses and doctors for their devoted care, many thanks to my fans and
colleagues for the warm support. It will take time to get back to normal, but I'm so glad I'm
recovering. So, uh, it sounds like, uh, from what I was picking up on, um, he actually got like a
pneumonia as a result of COVID. And that is a very, um, scary situation. Um, I had a friend
many years ago and some of you might remember this on the show. Uh, she had swine flu and got
pneumonia as a result of that and she passed away. Uh, and she was only 24 and that was horrible.
My friend actually is still in the hospital and still on a ventilator. Oh no, I'm sorry to hear
that. Every time she's more responsive and every time they've tried to take her off the ventilator,
she's suffered for it. So she's still on. Um, but she went in with pneumonia and had COVID as a
result. Um, and she also had some kidney problems that were really highly exacerbated by it. So
she's been on dialysis. Oh my gosh. I'm really sorry to hear that. Yeah. Well, I'm, I'm afraid
for her, whether she recovers or not, she's going to be wheelchair bound after this.
Yeah. Oh gosh. Well, still sending my thoughts, um, her way and hoping, um,
all can go as well as possible in this situation. So, uh, everyone just send KK to your love.
Um, now act-def talking about Daigo and the tweet that I was reading here, uh, we owe a lot,
uh, to Daigo on fighting games and competitive games getting mainstream. Um, and, um, yeah,
I mean, it's, it's, you know, to hear that this is still going on and, you know, to people that we,
you know, follow respect admire, it's just kind of a reminder. So even though, yes, you know,
vaccines are doing some amazing stuff here in the States. And I think, you know, I mentioned,
we're taking next week off and I think a lot of people are going to be kind of celebrating over
the long weekend. I think it's still a reminder. You got to still take some sense of precaution,
especially if you're not vaccinated, if you're not vaccinated, um, you really owe it to other
people to still protect, uh, people from potentially getting the virus, you know? So,
um, you know, take precautions and let stories like this be a warning. You don't want this to be
you. So, because it never happens to you until it does. And then why did it happen to me? Anyway,
all right, moving on. Uh, we have another story, which I think is Dark Sakura's.
Let me unmute now that I have taken a sip, um, or taken a bite. So this is kind of cool. There
is an old school Xbox Easter egg that people have found after 20 years. Um, so, uh, basically, um,
well, and it actually, it was disclosed by the developer, um, one of the developers who worked
on the Xbox, um, basically because it had never been found, he said how to do it. So you'll need
to, uh, rip a CD to your Xbox hardware. And when you're prompted to name the album, you type in
Timmy with 26 Y's and an exclamation point. It's pronounced Timmy. It is, but I am
spelling it out anyway. Um, what happens after that is that, um,
it will show you a different credit screen, uh, in the system information option, uh, that will,
uh, list members of the Xbox dashboard team. So that's pretty cool. They, um, also in response
to this Seamus Blackley, who is also an amazing Baker extraordinaire, and I have learned a lot
from him, um, has, uh, actually reached out and told Kotaku that he wasn't aware of the
that he wasn't aware of that Easter egg, but he says there's at least one last surprise the Xbox
fans have not found, and he's not going to tell you how to trigger it. Oh, good luck.
Yeah. Has anyone, has anyone tried entering Cartman in the disc ripping stream? Uh, which
I totally forgot the Xbox would rip, uh, audio discs. I totally forgot that that was the thing
until I was seeing the story myself and I was like, oh yeah, that was the thing you could do.
Like, I think I, I think I ripped the Echo image album from back in the day, uh, you know,
DDR and all that stuff. I think I ripped that to my original Xbox because you could, you could play
games with music like that was ripped to the, um, uh, system. It's kind of neat. So anyway,
that's cute that we're finding all these Easter eggs. What, literally 20 years later as, uh, you
know, Microsoft is celebrating 20 years of Xbox. So it's kind of fun for sure. That's pretty cool.
Meanwhile, on the Sony front, what do we have Loki? Some weird stuff, you know? Uh, so the,
apparently back when Epic was testing the Unreal three engine on the PlayStation three,
they had built some kind of proof of concepts to basically, um, test out the engine on the hardware
and some of the things that they did were port, um, I unreal over to the PlayStation three. And
also they also have a version of gears of war three that runs on the PlayStation three.
And well, thanks to a digital archivist, uh, by the name of pixel butts, he has decided to, uh,
release the, the demo, um, out to the internet archives. And, um, now you're not necessarily
going to be able to run this on PlayStation three hardware only runs on a dev unit, but I think
through emulation, you might be able to do some of it. Um, right now though, or you could just
get it on your Xbox. It's literally the same game. Right. But it, it's forbidden now to play it on a
PlayStation three. So you're doing something you're not supposed to do. Yeah. Right. So
apparently though, it's not optimized obviously. And, um, it does have several caveats to get it
run. Uh, the emulator only can reach the title screen, but, um, I guess if you happen to own
a dev piece of hardware for PlayStation three, you can see a title screen. No, no, no. You can
actually play the game. Oh, okay. Emulator can only get to the, Oh, got it. Got it. Got it. Okay.
Yeah. So neat. Although not when you put it in the context of Epic was testing the unreal engine on
PlayStation and this is what they used to do it. It's actually kind of like, Oh, okay. Well that
actually totally makes sense. Even if this game that they were making was, uh, you know,
an exclusive to Microsoft. So, uh, interesting. All right. Uh, less interesting and actually
kind of pissing some people off has to do with a new Amiibo that's coming out for Zelda Skyward
sword. Uh, and of course, Skyward sword HD is coming out what in July? And there's going to
be a new Amiibo that comes with it, a Zelda and loft wing Amiibo. And, uh, it's putting a feature
in this Amiibo. So it's not unheard of that like Amiibos do like interesting weird things in the
game, but this one's almost a little bit more because it actually allows you to zip between the
games airborne overworld and Hyrule surface, uh, which was not something that was available in the
original game. Um, it's a time saver. So, you know, uh, we've been talking a little bit about
summer games done quick and, uh, you know, Bobby's very involved with that and has been, uh, promoting
that coming up in a few weeks. This could do a lot for speed running, but it's an Amiibo and it's
something that you have to buy. Basically not only is it an Amiibo only functionality, by the way,
this Amiibo is $10 more than your normal Amiibo. It's $25, not 15. Well, I mean, it's not the first
time that Nintendo's put out a more expensive Amiibo because like, uh, that giant Yoshi egg,
Yoshi yarn thing, that was like a $40 Amiibo, but it was a giant one. I mean, this one, I think it's
a little bigger and it's a little more detailed, but still, I mean, you can't help, but kind of
raise your eyebrow at what's going on. Oh, and by the way, they wonder why people pirate those
Amiibos then. Yes. And by the way, because this sold out, this, uh, the feature, this more, they
sold out instantly, uh, gone in the UK, the U S you name it, scalpers bought them up. So, um, yeah,
I, uh, I, I want to, you know, as much as I do not like to endorse piracy here on the show, I think
this is one of those situations where we need to remind people, uh, it is possible to make your own
Amiibo, uh, not saying you can make it with the, um, the, um, uh, figure and all that stuff, but you
can actually, if you want to unlock this feature, there is a way you can do that. Look, you know a
little bit more about this, right? It's like, you can actually create your own ARFID tags and all
this stuff, right? Yeah. So you, you basically, you buy these tags that are like on Amazon or eBay or
whatever you just buy the specific, um, RFID tags. And then what they normally do is they will store
them in like, it's like a sticker almost. And then people will buy like, um, they're like coin
collector cases. And so it's like a little coin and you basically print out artwork for it and
stuff and stick the sticker on there or like poker chips or something like that. So something small,
but basically it's a sticker and there's people online that will read, or you can actually read
your own Amiibo, um, using just like an Android phone and there's an app, an APA APK you can
download to it that you can run and basically copy or download Amiibos to these tags.
Have a whole binder of these. Yeah. You can have like, you know, basically
50 tags, I think are like 20 bucks. I have all these animal crossing cards too.
Yeah. So it's, it's basically, it's like that in a lot of people leak them online,
especially if it's something hard to find like this, it'll be online. It'll be online
immediately. And so you can just, you know, download it. And then eventually if you stop
playing, you know, this game, then you can download another one to it.
And again, this isn't a topic I enjoy discussing here on OLR, but when they put these kinds of
features away in the game and scalpers end up getting everything, um, and that's the person
that's going to get hurt. I don't think Nintendo is going to get hurt as much by this as scalpers
will because, Hey, Nintendo sold all their inventory, but the gamers would like to still
be able to, uh, have the feature. So as far as I'm concerned, fuck them. And I mean, scalpers,
fuck them. Like, you know, okay. Thanks for giving Nintendo money so we can have a feature.
I guess, although I'm not the biggest fan of the implementation, don't get me wrong.
But at the same time, if these amiibo were more readily available, I probably wouldn't be having
this discussion right now. We'd probably be having more of a discussion about, well, should they be
charging so much money? Shouldn't they have other ways to unlock this feature and so forth. But,
um, as far as I'm concerned, uh, make your own amiibo. Who cares? So, yeah. All right. Anyhow,
let's move on and get to the listener round table. And this is the part where we, uh,
get you guys involved with the show, uh, via, um, your emails and any chat questions you might have
over at twitch.tv slash vog network. And, uh, we'll get some of your discord comments as well.
There's some good stuff throughout the week this week. So, uh, we have some emails, I think
tonight though. So we'll start with dark soccer and, uh, participate at orange laundry.com.
If you want to send an email for a future week. We do. So, uh, first email comes from Robert M.
I would love to see the enhanced me editing features in Miitopia for the switch patched
into smash ultimate and use for later games that use me such as Mario golf, super rush.
Would this be a good idea or bad idea? It's an idea.
Why not? Um, I, you know, thank you for reminding us that Miitopia came out this
week cause I plum forgot. Um, but I know Bobby was talking a little bit about it on his show
tonight. I guess they have a very robust demo that came out for it. Um, so maybe I'll check that out
at some point. Um, but yeah, why I think people love to have fun with those means, of course,
they love to make, um, you know, celebrities and things they shouldn't be making in there and,
and, you know, scandalous things. But I think it just kind of shows that people,
people have fun flexing their creative muscles with this stuff. Why shouldn't we put it in some
of the other games like smash brothers and stuff? I think it's fun. Um, so yeah, why not? But I will
Nintendo do it. I, although, you know, with as much shit as we give Nintendo, like in that last
story, I will say Nintendo is very good at supporting their products long after launch.
Um, and you know, putting out DLC literally years after the fact or something like the Mario party
story, like finally online years after the fact, but it's here and it's no extra cost. So hooray.
Um, so never say never, but I also don't know if Nintendo would be interested in really,
you know, going back and messing with, um, smash brothers, but they're still doing DLC.
So it's not like, it's like a game that's completely, you know, in the archives at
this point. So never say never. Um, but I think you, your suggestion is sound. Why not?
Yeah. Why not? So, um, next email. Sure. In honor of mental health awareness month,
how have you personally grown through gaming? And this is, this comes from D.
This is a heavy question. Thank you for the question though. I think it's important to
talk about, um, but, uh, maybe not everyone necessarily wants to, you read the question
one more time in chat, pay attention. If you're willing to share, I'd love to read some of your
responses as well. I'm not sure we're all going to have one, but, um, if you could read the question
one more time, dark soccer in honor of mental health awareness month, how have you personally
grown through gaming? Um, for me, and I've talked a little bit about this on the show in the past,
but like when I was young, um, and I'm talking like fourth, fifth, sixth grade,
I was bullied a lot because I was a little more effeminate than a little more nerdy than some,
uh, other kids my age. Um, but video, so it was this weird thing where I would get picked on by
other kids, but because I played video games, then those bullies would try to talk to me later when
nobody else was around and ask me for video game tips. So it was this weird thing where like the
fact that I was such a gamer and I played video games made bullies show another side of themselves
to me. It was very strange. Um, but that's just like this weird thing that I grew up with because
of games. I know that's like really, really old, but obviously this formative years were like huge
on my mental health and so forth. Um, and, um, it's easy. I also kind of think of the times
when I was younger and I'm talking like 22, 23, probably just before the show started,
I came out as gay when I was in my 20, when I was 20. Uh, and so those first few years, you know,
and then like, you know, OLR started four, four years later. But in those first few years,
I found a lot in the gay community that like, it was like a lot of like judgment
and stuff when I was a gamer, it was like, oh, you play video games. Like, and it was, if it,
you know, it was hard to get a date because it was like, oh, I don't know fashion. I don't know,
uh, you know, the latest, uh, I'm not trying to be stereotypical, but these are like things that
I faced back then is it was like, I am like a nerdy type and that wasn't desirable. Now,
the nice thing isn't what, you know, your question is, is a little bit more of a positive and how I
make this a positive is that I really do see us now all these years later, haven't done this show
for 20 years before. I think a lot of that is getting better, but to tie it back to something
else we talked about earlier in the show, it's because people like me have been able to find my
tribe. And that's why the tagging in that shit is so important. Like I'm living proof, you know,
and now I'm in this position where I actually have it kind of good, you know, as a, as a cis white
gay dude, you know what I mean? So I have privileges that a lot of other people are
still trying to, you know, find their tribes and, and, uh, work together to, uh, you know,
educate the rest of society on, you know, these, these other issues. So anyway, that's kind of why
I bring that up is I do think that that was something where gaming, but I never, I never
apologized for it either. I never tried to be something I wasn't, you know, like, I liked games
deal with it. People should just always be themselves and you'll find the, you know,
the right people when you're your authentic self, uh, reading some comments from chat,
and then I'll go to dark soccer and Loki. If they have anything they want to add, um, pod culture
says animal crossing has helped me with calming from anxiety. Gaming in general has helped with
my depression. Um, act deaf says, I think video games helped me socialize more. I was a really
shy person still am kind of, but making connections through gaming allowed me to speak up to others.
Oh, this, you know, you don't talk mental health gaming has been critical during this pandemic
critical. I w I would not have made it if I couldn't play MMOs with people online or, uh,
animal crossing and this stuff, you know, like I, I think they've been more important than ever
with everything that we're going through. Um, Jamie, do you have anything you want to add?
You don't have to, but I want to give you guys an opportunity. Gaming was always my outlet
and I learned a lot through it. And honestly, I've never made any apologies for being a gamer.
Yeah. Um, certainly coming to doing this show is really given me thicker skin.
Yeah. You know, um, and you obviously you've had to deal with that in a way that Loki and I don't,
I've, I've gotten, you know, I just a little bit over the years I get the whole, you know,
you remember when we would get the email that would be like, you're so Rob, you're so cool,
but I wish you would look to Jesus to, you know, uh, with your lifestyle, you know,
all that kind of stuff, which it's unfortunate, but, um, my answer is no, I'm not gonna change
who I am. Uh, and no, no thing that you, uh, you can believe all you want about all that,
but like I, my maker made me who I am period. So anyway. Um, and, uh, yeah. So anyways, but,
but you dark soccer, you've had to, you know, you get the real trash bag. Well, more so in the past
though. Again, I think that's a, well, I'm not to, not to dismiss or say it doesn't happen at
all, but you, I think you would agree. It was a lot worse than the earlier years before more women
were podcasting. Let's be real. It's just a matter of, I'm trying to think of how to phrase it,
of sticking to your guns and staying authentic. Um, let me get some more chat comments. Uh,
DJ Rama S says one game got me through a very bad time in my teenage years.
That game is secretive manna. I was, that was an incredible game. Um, I'm sure, you know,
how it applied for you in that situation was very different from how it applied for me. But
I think that game means a lot to a lot of different things to many people. Um, SSU 100 Matt says,
but personally gaming has helped me manage stress and help me get out of my downtimes in my life.
Sometimes the distraction and working on constructive in a different media has helped
me get out of my own head and out of depressive times. Interesting construction and creativity
and that sort of thing. I, I, we hear that a lot. Um, pardon me, one more comment here. Um,
meshkins in our chat says this show along with gaming has helped me discover myself and who I am
and I'm slowly coming into myself and who I am as a person that is, um, I don't know if there's
a better compliment somebody could give us about this show. So I just thank you so much for that.
And when people say, you know, even though just earlier in the show, I was like, I don't know
how this show gets past 20 years. When I think of things like that, then I kind of go, I probably
got another five years in me. Am I right? You know, so, um, thank you for that. All right.
Anyhow. Um, uh, Loki, I don't want to skip you. Do you have anything you want to add?
Oh, I just met lots of people through gaming, but I don't think it's really,
I don't know. I don't think it changed. Fair enough. Fair enough. I guess, but,
but it's, it's mental health in the way that again, it's finding, it's finding your people,
it's finding your tribe. It's, it's, it's the same thing, even if it's in a different way,
you know? True. Yeah. Yes. I guess that makes sense. Yeah. All right. Um, thank you for the
email for, for such a short succinct email. That was a hard hitting, but really good question. Um,
and it's important. We talk about mental health. Uh, we've, we sure talked enough about COVID.
That's a physical health thing. Why don't we talk about mental health as frequently?
It's good to know. Yeah. All right. Anyway, uh, is there more, I think there's at least one more,
right? Um, yeah, just one more. So, um, and this comes from our own Rama. Hey Rob,
oh, it's for you. Okay. Um, I, I had mentioned before that I may know the reason why patches
for console games are huge. You might think it's crazy, but please bear in mind the company I used
to work for. Okay. Most Xbox games are run in a virtual environment as a disc image, especially
the Xbox and Xbox 360 games that are backwards compatible. So what companies do is patch the
game and upload it so that if the game you bought has a patch, it will still be, it will still
download the game instead of copying the disc. But the disc still will be the license key to
play the game. This is done so that the console doesn't have to run any commands to patch the game
in case the patching goes wrong. Um, and given your recent issue with Mass Effect,
legendary edition EA screwed up the patching on that. And if you notice Sony does something
similar with PlayStation games, I know that sounds crazy, but companies feel it's easier that way,
but they don't realize the burden it puts on those data caps. I hope this answers your questions.
If not, let me know and I'll see what I can do game on y'all DJ run mass. No, he said it right
there at the end. They don't realize the burden that they're putting on us normal people with
data caps. Bingo. That was it. So I'm, I'm, but, but as far as like your explanation and stuff,
it doesn't make sense, but I, you know, because I'm pretty sure most of the times all the disc
is doing, especially now on PlayStation five and Xbox series X, where the whole solid state drive
is part of the experience. You can't do that from a disc. So yes, it pulls down the whole disc and
basically like, or, you know, the, the parts that it needs and basically puts it on your drive.
And that disc at that point is just how you unlock and play it. Uh, so that the game knows
you still have the license rights to be able to use it. All of that makes perfect sense.
Why can't the patching just patch the parts that have already installed my hard drive? That's I,
and that's what they're all missing. Um, I, and I get what you, I, again, I understand what you're
saying, but at the same time, I just wish they would approach it differently so that it can be
more respectful of that whole thing. Yeah. All right. Any other emails? All right. No.
All right. Um, let's get into, uh, Bobby does point out some patches are large because the
files on your hard drive are compressed. Interesting. You know, steam takes forever
to patch things like dead by daylight. And I always thought it took so damn long because it
was uncompressing, patching, compressing. And honestly, if I have to wait longer to have that
experience on console for smaller patches, I'm more than happy to take it. But I get the consoles
are probably a little more confined with the drive space. It just, it just sucks. Can I just
sit here as a gamer and say, it sucks. I don't like it. All right. Um, Hey Shad, Starsix in
chat. You missed, you missed the birthday shout out earlier. I'm not doing it again,
but I hope you had a good one. Uh, Shad, Starsix in chat and says, why is resident evil eight such
a good game? And the second area of the game, the scariest thing in gaming since PT or resident
evil seven VR discuss. Um, I couldn't tell you cause I haven't played it, but from what I've
heard about it, cause I've caught some things here and there. Um, it's just sounds, it sounds scary
because the character design is pretty crazy. Uh, it is not, from what I understand the lady
Dimitrescu and that is not like, she's just one part of the game. She's kind of like,
like in mega man, she would be like quick man. And then you still have other people you have
to fight quick man was the tall one, right? No, it was that flash, man. I forget anyway.
Uh, but otherwise I would ask, see, Alan is right over there and I would ask him about
resident evil seven because he's been playing it on his stream, except, um, he's not wearing
a shirt right now and he's cooking, so I can't really bring him on stream. But, um, I know he's
been going through resident evil seven and I know that's, I haven't watched him play. I am very
supportive of my husband streaming and you should follow him at Allen alchemy. Can he even hear me
talking about him right now with his headphones in? Probably not. No, he thinks he's listening
to something else. Um, but, uh, I would, uh, I will not watch the resident evil seven stuff
cause there's too damn many jumpscares and my old heart can't take it. But anyway, um,
all right, let's see other comments in chat. Um, let's see. Uh, Oh, Oh, thank you. Chatter
chatters are given chain. The birthday wishes now in chat since he missed his at the beginning
of the show. I talked about that text you sent me with the damn Tron arcade one up.
All right. Anyway, uh, Oh, I'll get to discord and then we'll get some last minute stories.
Cause I know we have a few of those tonight. Um, but first, uh, let me do a couple topics
from discord. There was one thing, okay. And so over on discord, of course, over at vog
network.com slash discord, we'll get you into our server and we have a whole channel for orange
lounge radio and you guys like to post things there throughout the week, including, Ooh,
I didn't know about this. They're making a technical documentary. Interesting called
touching sound. Oh, it's already out and you can stream it on something called to be,
which is one of those app services. You can stream that for free. Is that literally about
DJ max technica and that it has to be, it's the same thing. So I wonder now, now Shane's in chat,
I wonder if he knows about this, a whole movie documentary on technica. That's interesting. All
right. Uh, something else they've been posting about, uh, in our discord server, I think this
is very interesting. Tiger claw linked us to a tweet, uh, that is an indie developer making a
fighting game, but it uses cars and there's actually, uh, some little, uh, video of this
in action. It looks very interesting. Uh, I didn't catch what the name of the game is though, but the
tweet, the person on Twitter who did this, uh, fontace ranter is, uh, the person that did this.
And there's some other people that were kind of just discussing it and, uh, Oh, it's called
shut up and drive. Thank you that there. Cause there's an FAQ that was linked there. So.
Isn't that a Rihanna song? Uh, it is. And one of the greatest lip syncs in drag race history. Yes.
But, uh, in this case, it's also a video game. She doesn't own that phrase. Uh, shut up and
drive is something we've all been saying on the freeway for a long time. It was used in, um,
uh, wreck it Ralph. That's right. You can't help but hear that though. When, uh, you know, you,
you see a name like that and you know, even though this is an indie studio, I hope somehow Rihanna
would give the rights so that it can be in the trailer. Shut up and drive. Okay. I better not
sing too much or we're going to get DCM made. Um, Tiger claw also linked us to a tweet from
X-Box where, uh, they were talking about it's 2007. What are you booting up? And the screenshot had
halo three bio shock mass effect and rock band. This was a play on another viral tweet, uh,
that was like a movie had made like an eighties cinema with some quintessential eighties films.
So they like photoshopped it. And I was like, Oh, rock band for sure. Hello. Hello. Anyway,
let's do some last minute stories and I'll do a few more of your comments from discord. Um,
dark soccer, I think you mentioned you had something tonight that you wanted to fit in here.
I did. It's just a little something, but on the 25th, so this Tuesday, um,
uh, there's going to be an announcement for dead by daylight and they've already teased this,
but for resident evil's 25th anniversary, um, dead by daylight is getting, uh, resident evil,
uh, a resident evil chapter for their 20th chapter. Um, lots of speculation as to what's
going on. They are saying that there's, uh, um, highlights back to the classics.
So there's a lot of people thinking that it's going to be centered around the original resident
evil. There's still people who are thinking it's going to be like from village. I don't know,
but the hope is that, I mean, one of the big theories out there is that this is actually
going to be multiple maps. Um, and at least two killers and two survivors. So we'll see
a big pack if that's true. I that's so, well, I mean the stranger things, one was one killer,
a map and two survivors and that's like 12 bucks. Yeah. So this is, if it's that big,
it's probably going to at least be $20 DLC and I will do it. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I, I would love
to see village in it. Um, I personally, I would love to see lady David Trescu. I think she's just
such a character and she'd be so good as a killer in day by day by daylight. I have heard the rumor
about her daughters being one of the killers and that they're witches that you can like switch
between and shape shift. I think that's kind of cool too. I'm down with that. Someone did a mod
that turns, I think Dwight into Ethan or David into Ethan cause the body shape and then, um,
one of the daughters into nurse or from nurse. Hmm. Interesting. But I think a lot of the heavy
rumors are that it's Jill and Leon and it's a nemesis and I'm kind of like, you're probably
right. I thought I read who's the character in four. I thought that was, I didn't play four.
Okay. That was Leon though. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, but if they were going to do Leon,
it should be like Leon and Claire. I mean, I think they would do Jill and Chris and have
skins for Leon and Claire. Oh, that makes sense. Cause they are speaking of stranger things. They
are doing a skin for Steve to turn him into the other character. It doesn't look right. Cause
his face structure is so different. No, it doesn't. Um, uh, but the, uh, I think, I mean,
I think it would honestly be super possible, especially if it's nemesis, it would be really
easy to have a cosmetic for mr. X. Yeah. Um, I'm still going to cross my fingers that the
vampress, the vampires or the witches are going to be the killer, but I think we're going to get
skins for those. If it's nemesis, I'll still buy, who am I kidding? I'm going to buy it.
And look at what they did for, for, uh, Heather in, uh, in the, sorry, Cheryl. I played her as
Heather. So long. I still call her Heather. Um, in, uh, uh, the re the silent Hill chapter
is that they gave her the, uh, Sybil skin and the, uh, the nurse, what was her name?
Lisa, Lisa Garland. And that they, uh, also gave her the, um, uh, Alyssa skin.
Um, our R H M zero eight seven in chat says, would it be strange for one of the survivors
to have special powers? See my previous comment on Scott Howard, not to be confused with Scott
McCall. Um, no, no, no, it would not be weird for, you know, they'll, they'll do a talent.
That's gonna mix things up perks. Like for example, um, you got, you know, perks that
let you fight back from Laurie. Yeah. Or, um, I would say the biggest example is a leather face,
uh, and barbecue and chili is like a, a, I don't want to say a mandatory killer talent,
but the quality of life from that singular talent, it's like, you kind of like, like,
you have to get that DLC, which what a clever way to make people buy DLC, huh? But, um, yeah.
So yes, they could do, they could do things that are really going to mix it up,
but I don't think they would be unique to the character. They'd be unique to the perks.
Um, yeah, but the whole thing is, is that the, the, um, the survivors cannot attack a killer
except for like blind, the escape tactics, like decisive strike. Um, so, you know,
and you do have like distraction, things like the pebble, everyone loves the pebble. Um, um,
I'm sorry, that's good. And like things like that are good for against killers that, you know,
are use audio based clues like, um, nurse and a spirit for example. Yeah. But yeah, I think that,
um, we're not going to have any that can actually just legit fight back or David, the character,
David would have been completely screwed over. Cause that was his whole storyline as a fighter.
Um, an RHM in chat says a literal werewolf. I just, I just don't think so. They're not,
they can't do anything that's going to completely like turning into a werewolf and being able to
run super fast or whatever the werewolf can do like fight back. We already have sprint burst.
Yeah. I already have dead hard. They can't do something that's going to completely break the
game. And it's also, it's part of dead by daylight's nature that the perks transfer from
character to character. So somebody can turn into a werewolf. They all need to be able to turn into
werewolf. And that would just be a little, a little weird now, but at the same time,
they've talked to, you know, and I don't want to completely dismiss the comment. It's a fair
idea because they have also said it's the fifth anniversary. This resident evil thing is going
to change up the game a little bit. We have new things in store for this game. You know,
it's five years old and people are just now finding it and we're going to mix it up a little
bit. So I say all this, but at the same time, maybe they will do something completely radical
and different. Um, your idea is not farfetched in that regard. So there's one way to find out and
that's watch on Tuesday. So I'm excited about it. Are you? Um, yeah, yeah. I mean, now that I'm into
this game for sure. I want to see the reveal. I'm actually almost more interested in the roadmap
for the future. Yeah. Well, they're, they're going to definitely be doing some talking about that on,
um, on a Tuesday as well. I'm glad it's my day off. Um, but, but that DLC itself is going to
be coming out, um, later on in June. Yeah. Um, okay. Now, uh, let me get to some other
discord comments and I'll check in with Loki here. Um, let's see. Oh, I thought this was
interesting. Dungeon buster shared a tweet, uh, from Jason Schreier. Hope I said that right.
Who said, uh, it was kind of countering and he's, he's does game journalism stuff. I'm sorry. I
don't, I don't follow them all. I don't know who they work for. Cause they always move around and
stuff. Sorry. I, sorry. Uh, but, uh, it says rumors like this keep floating around, but
starfield is nowhere near done. According to several people familiar with development,
it'll be at E3, but the plan release date I've heard is way later than most people think.
Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised. I wouldn't either, but at the same time,
Bethesda usually doesn't show the inner workings of the game until it is ready.
So I'm not completely pushing back on the comment. I mean, obviously he has more industry,
you know, insiders and stuff than I certainly do, but I would wonder how much are they really going
to show it if they're not ready to show, you know, to, to release the game, that's not usually
Bethesda's thing. At the same time, something very different has happened in the last year with
Bethesda. Microsoft bought them. So maybe that is going to change their entire approach. That is
certainly a, uh, thought within the realm of possibility. It is plausible. All right. I'll
just fucking say it. It's plausible. So, but we'll see at E3, huh? All right. Uh, Bobby says he's
actually a journalist doing actual journalism. He's with Bloomberg. Thank you. I can, I can never
follow. They're at Kotaku one day, Polygon the next, then they're going, they're, they're working
at a newspaper somewhere else. Sorry. It's just, it's hard to keep track. All right. Anyhow. Uh,
let's see. Loki, do you have any last minute stories? Um, yeah, I did have one. Unfortunately,
the servers for LittleBigPlanet had to be shut down temporarily because somebody hacked into
them and put a bunch of transphobic comments everywhere on all of the different, um, levels.
So, um, well, at least, you know what, as old as that game is at this point,
I'm glad they're doing the right thing and fucking stopping that. So you know what? It's
the temporary shutdown. They just have to clean the issue up, but it's, it's because it's so
widespread. I see this as a good thing. Not the hack, not that, but the fact that Sony is still
going back and addressing it and cleaning it the fuck up. That's a good thing. Thank you.
Yeah. Oh, is that it? That's it. Yeah. Okay. All right. Well, I think we're about to the
end of the show and, uh, Alan just finished dinner, so I'm ready to eat. So we're going
to wrap things up. Uh, thank you guys for listening to our show tonight. Really appreciate you guys.
We had a lot of great topics tonight. Just really appreciate you guys being here. Um,
if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, tell a friend or two about the
show. Help us spread the word. We are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but we need more gamers in here to have their voices heard. Um, a nice five star review on a
site like iTunes or wherever it is you found this show. It goes an awful long way. Um, hosting on
your Twitch channel, whether you're here live or not, um, it goes a long way and is super
appreciated. Just type slash host a VOG network in your own chat. Actually you want to add it to
your auto host list is even better because the slash command just does it one time. Um,
but yeah, thank you guys for being here. If you feel so inclined, we have a shop,
vognetwork.com slash shop. Um, and, um, yeah. Uh, thank you just for being a part of this and all
the great comments and nice things you had to say tonight. Really appreciate you. Um, let's go
around and get everybody's final thoughts. Um, I will start tonight because somebody did a redeem
with a post show shout out. So technically it's supposed to be after the show, but I just have to
read it now. Uh, fat ninja DM redeemed this, uh, earlier and said, as always you guys and gals
from the VOG network, knock it out of the park every week. I stepped away from podcast for years
and then got back into it. And OLR was the first podcast I started looking for. If I could describe
OLR in one word, it would be timeless. OLR always adjust to the video game and social landscape.
Can't gush about you guys and gals enough. Keep doing what you're doing much love and respect.
Thank you so much for that. And it was funny. Yeah. I have heard something along the line,
not, not quite. You put it very, very kindly and very complimentary, but I have heard the whole,
um, I, I, uh, I was randomly looking up orange lounge radio. Cause I remembered listening to
that in the DDR freak days. You guys are still going. Dang. That's that's usually what they're
still going. The fuck? Yeah. It's usually the reaction I hear. So, um, thank you for putting
it a lot nicer. Although I appreciate everyone that discovers the show. I hope you're not too
disappointed. We don't exclusively talk about DDR music games anymore. We still love those games an
awful lot. Trust. So, all right. Yeah. Bobby Blackwell. When I meet people, they say, yeah,
I used to listen to you 15 years ago. Yeah. I have many former listeners. Yeah. Same,
same. If we show up at a convention or something, it'll be like, I, when I first got my iPhone,
I downloaded you. And then it's like, what'd you do after that? Oh, I unsubscribed. Oh, okay.
Tea. It's it's fine. It's fine. I understand. Look, as long as you're supporting an independent
broadcaster or broadcast team somewhere and supporting independent voices, um, you know,
celebrities are really taking over podcasting. And look, sometimes that's a cool thing. I like
the Trixie and Katya podcast. Okay. I'm going to listen to that Lori Beth Denver podcast. I get it.
But at the same time, it is so important to support our indie scene as well. And these
people, you know, really working hard, uh, from, from the love of the games and the industry and
so much, um, out of their spare bedrooms on Skype or discord where a stream yard is another big one
or wherever they are. Um, it just support your indie friends and indie podcasters. It means a
lot. Okay. Um, sorry. That was a very long final thought, but, um, I had to do it. So Loki,
how about you? How's your, what's your final thought? Uh, final thought is, like I said,
uh, I'm hoping that my second episode of my, um, YouTube series done today and then episode
three be becoming much sooner. I've been making the mistake of doing too much in between stuff.
So I planning things out a little bit better. So, uh, I've already got what's going to be in
episode three and so they'll become much sooner. So look forward to that. Nice orange ride and
chat says orange launch radio, my source of vital information. Thank you. Maybe that'll be the
future tagline. All right. Uh, Dar soccer last, but certainly not least your final thought.
Stay tuned. I'm going to be doing some dead by daylight and hopefully not screwing up with my
new mouse. So we'll see. Oh, you changed that. I forgot that you got a new mouse. Oh,
I haven't started using it yet. So I'm probably going to try it on stream. I just,
I've been using a thumb track ball and I'm actually starting to get like some repetitive
thumb problems. Oh, so, um, that, and if you ever watch any of my streams or my clips, you'll see
it's kind of jerky. Yeah. Yeah. I could tell your track ball was doing that. So I'm actually
excited for you to see how that might improve, um, by having the mouse now. It'll be interesting.
Yeah, we'll see. So, um, so yeah, I'm going to go ahead and drop out for now. Yep. But,
um, have a good night, everybody. I hope to see you in, in stream and, uh, don't text me
when I'm trying to do the readouts. You'll get the rate in like four minutes. Okay.
Uh, I, I will let me know when you're ready and I'll let you know if I'm out of the,
okay. Okay. You got it. All right. Later kids. All right. Um, on that note, I will say good night to
everybody. I'm here at orange launch radio. Um, of course, for those listening live, we'll be back
after the credits as we usually are just to do some final shout outs. Um, but for everybody out
there, podcast feed and live reminder, we're taken next week off Rob wants a vacation. Um,
so have a good, it's weird to say happy Memorial day. Cause it's not exactly a happy, but I want
to just say, you know, have a good long weekend. Um, you know, it's been a crazy year and a half.
And I think a lot of people are going to be able to do, even if things aren't back to normal yet,
and they shouldn't be completely normal. I think a lot of us are going to get to do things where
we get like a taste of that back, you know, talk about mental health and all that. A lot of us
are going to get to get, get a taste, see some people that are also vaccinated that we haven't
seen in a long time and all that stuff. I hope this Memorial day is a good one, uh, for many
of you out there. And if you want to stay home all weekend and play video games, you know what,
that is fine too. Have a great time doing it. We'll see you in 14 days with another new episode
of orange launch radio until then have a great week. Um, Bobby may still be holding the Fort
down next week. It all depends on if it's raining in Georgia or not. So, uh, stay tuned to our
discord over at vog network.com slash discord. Anyway, have a great night, everybody. We'll see
you next time. You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production
of OLR studios to join us for a live show. Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific
9 PM Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of
the staff of orange lounge radio or bog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
