Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week the cloud goes darker with the closure of two online services both taking their share of exclusive games and extras with them.
We'll give you our thoughts on what these closures mean as well as the rest of this week's news along with your comments, feedback, and more right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live tonight with episode number 593 for this April the 5th of 2015.
We're here to talk about all things video games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle with me, Rob Roberts, you guys live at the Voice Geeks Network.
And here in studio my co-hosts say hello once again to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Yo.
How you doing?
I'm okay.
Yeah, you sound better this week. I'm glad to hear you're feeling better.
I feel quite a bit better although another nap wouldn't be sad.
Naps are the best.
Naps are like escaping reality except you get to hang out in your own fucked up brain.
Is that a getting old thing? Like do we nap as much when we were in our 20s? I don't know. I think I did.
I didn't nap at all when I was a kid.
Really?
In the nap time I just lay there bored like really?
Oh no I remember like the kindergarten where somebody used to go around and be the little like I would never want to be that person because I wanted to sleep.
And I would sleep siestas.
Not me.
Not you.
I just lay there going bored now.
Bored now.
Alright.
Not with us tonight unfortunately.
Tech master Loki.
He has the night off.
After all it is Easter Sunday here in the States and that tends to be a family day for him so he's off with the kids doing like a family dinner or something.
But we have a fill in host tonight. Very happy to have him on the show. Sometimes you hear this guy drop into the show to say a thing or two here or there.
But usually he's working but thanks to the holiday the flip side of that is he's off and can join us here in studio tonight.
Say hello everybody to Alan.
Hello.
How you doing Alan?
Good.
Good. Well what's new with you?
Not much.
Yeah? Same old same old?
Yeah we'll get into it in my gaming week.
Get into it in your gaming week a little bit?
Yeah.
I'm going to spoil it a little bit because I have to talk about this now because this is kind of your claim to fame right now right?
Please don't phrase it like that.
I think it is a little bit.
I hope that you know I'm 36 I'm still in the prime of my life I hope to accomplish something else before I die.
Okay well let's get into it.
So a game that you've been playing an awful lot of and if we.
To the exclusion of all else.
We've talked about this a little bit on Hoard House and even a little bit here on OLR but just to talk about it.
What game have you been playing more than any other where you've been excluding everything else because of it?
Diablo 3.
Diablo 3.
Yeah.
And what's going on in Diablo 3 right now?
There's a bit of a transition happening tonight right?
Well as a part of the whole Reaper of Souls revamp of the game they introduced these things called Seasons where it's a different world state.
Where you create a character and your slate's been wiped clean.
No recipes, no gems, gold, level one character.
So everyone is sort of starting at the same jump off point.
And then there are leaderboards as far as how much progression you can do.
And then when the season ends all of the stuff that you earned, your XP, your gems and stuff.
Then sort of flushes out into your generic world state which no one really cares about anymore because it's not competitive.
And then they start a new season when the whole process starts again.
To be fair the world state is still does have their leaderboards.
They have the eras thing going on where one era is ending with this season.
I don't know. It's very interesting the way they broke it down.
But basically it's like for the entirety of a major patch they call that an era and that has leaderboards as well for the general state.
But you're right. Most of the hardcore players do this season.
When you go into a public game and you select that you want to do a rift with three strangers on there.
In the seasonal environment there were like five or six hundred people.
You know this was like at seven or eight at night prime time.
Six or seven hundred people that were in the public pool for rifts.
I then switched to the default generic world state and there were twelve.
Wow. So just to give an example.
Okay so those leaderboards are going on and season two ends tonight.
It ends tonight at nine o'clock.
At the end of the show tonight the season will be ending and season three will begin in a few days right?
A week.
Okay so let's talk about those leaderboards for season two and your big life accomplishments.
So you are actually on one of these leaderboards?
I'm on. I will probably drop twenty or thirty spaces by the time nine o'clock hits.
But I'm ranked six twenty nine out of the top one thousand for witch doctor solo.
So you are one of the top thousand witch doctors in the world.
For this season.
For this season.
Yes.
But that's still crazy.
Ooh. Eee.
I know.
Ooh. Uh uh.
Ding ding.
Do you enjoy the witch? Is that like your go to class now?
The thing is that for this season I was going to main a demon hunter.
And I got my demon hunter really souped up with like ice arrows.
I found this one spec on reddit and I was like ooh.
And what happened is there's this new legendary gem that basically takes a legendary weapon and makes it level one.
So you can twink out a level one alt and then you get extra XP per kill.
So you can get from level one to seventy in an afternoon.
And you've got this legendary weapon that normally a level seventy could do.
So I was like I want to try out this new thing on a witch doctor.
So I got a legendary staff and I put the XP gem in it and I got my witch doctor to seventy.
And I'm like okay now I need to gear her out.
And she ended up becoming my main.
To the point to where I was starting to be competitive.
And where you're one of the top thousand in the world now.
And even though that well even though that doesn't sound like a big deal.
I mean you have to remember on these leaderboards you go look at the names.
You got a lot of like Russian names coming from probably Chinese players and other countries.
So I mean that's still darn impressive.
Don't sell yourself short.
The top two hundred or three hundred are all rifts.
Like the rifts are what you do.
That's how the leaderboards are determined.
Is you go into this thing where you have to kill a certain amount of monsters to spawn the boss.
And then when you kill the boss.
That then it does a time stamp.
But then you're also fighting against the clock.
Where if you can't kill enough monsters in time to spawn the boss and kill the boss.
I think it's like what twelve minutes fifteen minutes.
Yeah fifteen minutes.
Then you can still finish it and get your loot.
But you didn't beat the clock.
So you don't.
It's like a dud.
Like you didn't qualify.
So yeah the top two or three hundred are all greater rifts.
Like forty five and up.
And I'm only on thirty nine.
So.
But going to our chat room.
We do tape our show live of course every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern.
At the Voice of Geeks Network.
Www dot vog network dot com.
Right after the Bobby Black Wolf show on Sunday nights.
Speaking of Bobby Black Wolf he's in our chat right now participating.
Along with the live listeners who are joining us on this Easter Sunday.
Thanks for spending some of your holiday with us.
Bobby says how did you get Alan on the show if the season isn't over yet?
That is a very good question.
Is this is it painting you to be here when you know I didn't.
When I when I first ranked.
Yesterday the night before I got the little pop up said which doctor.
I think it was six eighty nine.
And then I just got six twenty nine like an hour ago and I was like holy shit I had no idea that I was that close in progression.
But yeah I have a lot.
I have a level 40 greater if stone waiting.
That I could go try and be.
See if I can get up but I committed myself to the show so.
I'm a very selfless.
Kind generous I'm not going to back out of my word I'm not a liar.
Well I'm sorry to hear we're keeping you from that but maybe.
Sorry not sorry.
Well you know what might be fun.
Here's what I'm going to suggest.
Maybe when we do calls.
Later in the show because that takes about 15 minutes.
Yeah.
Duck out because what when does it end right at nine.
I think so yeah.
We'll see what we can do.
Maybe we'll have a part of the show where you can duck out and go try to do the 40 and beat your score and we'll get an update before the night's over.
Yeah.
Sound good.
Yeah.
You want to do that.
No we can do that.
Sounds good.
For the listeners that may not be as familiar with you let's talk about you a little bit as a gamer.
I know we've kind of had this conversation with you before on the show but it was probably a long time ago.
So just to refresh people's memories.
You're mostly a PC gamer right you don't do a lot of consoles.
Yes I was console as a little kid through a teenager and then once I got my first PC when I was 17 or 18 I was kind of half and half I was by platform.
And then as I've gotten older and I've gotten more into like Skyrim Dragon Age games that you can mod the mod community on PC is just so powerful and they're just so smart with what they can do.
Modding is just for titties and dongs right.
Well it includes that.
Yes but and like in Dragon Age Origins there is a combat rebalancer you can make the game harder.
There's all this stuff.
There's the skin acquisition.
I want to see the titties and dongs.
All right.
Also like and this is going to sound really bad but I've got two monitors set up.
So when I'm planted at my computer I can play a game but then if I want to check Twitter or check Tumblr I can just load it on the second screen and it's comfy.
Whereas if you're on a console you got to get up and go to a different room.
Oh no you don't.
Not in the age of smartphone.
The phone is small so.
Not a six plus.
Well I have a Note 4 which is like the same thing.
All you need now is a toilet seat in your office.
You'll be set.
Mom bathroom.
Some of the video games that shaped you as a gamer.
Just name three off the top of your head.
It's the same three as everyone our age.
Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy II and Super Metroid.
Interesting.
I'm surprised you did.
I would see that actually surprises me even though I think those are very good choices.
I'm surprised that you named all console games and you didn't say anything about the Sierra games or Half Life.
I played those after the fact.
I was already an established gamer by the time.
Ah I see.
Okay.
I gotcha.
Well as far as what really got me hooked.
Probably Kaboom on the 2600.
I mean that was my first system was a 2600.
But like Super Mario Brothers, my mom got me the NES that actually had Gyromite and Rob the Robot with it.
Which is such a valuable, useful peripheral that to this day still has use.
And collectors, people want to know why that guy is in Smash Brothers.
Who's this Rob the Robot? Who is that?
I want to know that.
Alright so let me ask you about this too because you've been talking a little bit off air about the whole what you're going to do now.
I saw that you posted your score on Twitter and one of our friends already piped in.
Hey carry me in Season 3.
But are you going to play Diablo Season 3?
Or are you like okay maybe I overdid it and I've missed out completely on Hotline Miami 2.
There's Hotline Miami 2 which I preordered and then the night it came out you turned to me and you were like why aren't you playing Hotline Miami 2?
And I was like oh fuck that came out tonight.
And I was like oh yeah because I preordered it with my Paypal and paid the 20 bucks or whatever like 3 weeks prior.
Because I'm like ooh I want to get it. I really just want to play it for the soundtrack.
And I can get the soundtrack if I want.
But I played it for like 30 minutes and it's really, really hard.
But then there's a very specific sort of muscle memory that you need for Hotline Miami.
And you play it enough and then all of a sudden everything clicks.
And you start killing hella people.
Which is honestly that's how like old Mega Man games are too.
I mean there's a lot of video games that are very much about like recognizing those patterns.
Like probably one of the most iconic things in a Mega Man game.
The Quick Man stage right?
And either...
The Dragon Jump.
Yeah. The Dragon Jump.
I always think of the Quick Man stage and either you can do it without using Flash Man's freeze time or you can't.
You can't or you can't.
I'm one of the can't.
But I can do the Dragon Jumps and that whole thing.
I just...
The highlight of my gaming career was doing it blindfolded.
That blows my mind. That's pretty amazing.
But then again at the same time I think about it and I go, you know what?
It is such a pattern that I could see how that's not as...
I mean not to belittle your accomplishment because it's a huge...
That's what I meant.
It's not as hard as it sounds if you think about it.
I don't think I could do it now but I mean...
You know when I was a kid that was a big deal.
That and playing you know 8-1 in Super Mario Brothers.
Yeah. Oh my gosh. Without using a P-Wing.
You didn't have a P-Wing in Super Mario Brothers.
Oh sorry. I was thinking of Super Mario Brothers 3.
No. In the first one.
That one was also another one that was blindfoldable.
Because if you start right off at a run.
You can do the whole thing blindfolded because it's exactly the same pattern.
It's a pattern.
Yeah. It's a pattern.
Yeah. Including jumping across the little stupid hammer brothers.
Yeah.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
We have William Murderface talking about Alan's setup saying one for games and one for porn.
But with the mods you can put the porn in the games. Right?
That's true. That's why we play The Sims.
Bobby Blackwolf talking about Sierra sticking up for Jones and the Fastlane. You ever played that?
That. When you covered that a couple weeks ago.
That may be one of the Sierra games I had never heard of.
Really?
In my life. I didn't play the police quest games.
With the sheriff from Los Angeles County or something like helped ride or whatever.
But yeah. Space Quest played all those. King's Quest.
Quest for Glory. The dynamics games like Trolls. Like all of that stuff.
Willy Beamish.
I played all that. Leisure Suit Larry. Willy Beamish.
Torrance Passage which is what Al Lowe did after he did Leisure Suit Larry.
Chirandia the third company. Do you ever play that one too?
Yeah. I think so.
So I played all that and Jones and the Fastlane. I've never heard of that game before in my life.
Interesting. We should check it out. Don't listen to what happened on that episode.
It was a great game.
But you have also the correct mindset where when Irene makes fun of something you're like okay honey. Okay.
Anyway. Let's see. SSG100Matt says he said Chrono Trigger before Super Metroid. Confirmed.
Which is the better game? Chrono Trigger or Super Metroid?
Valkyrie profile.
That was a safe response.
Let's see. RageNator in chat says I used to be a console fanboy but once I switched over to PC gaming two years ago I became a PC addict and Sky's my dealer.
You're welcome but I think you're finding a lot of those Steam deals on your own my friend.
Don't forget sometimes necessity puts one from a console to a PC.
And the sales and everything too.
I mean for me it was physical necessity after I had my hand surgery.
Right. Right.
I stayed up playing. After my first surgery I think I stayed up like all night playing through like most of Blue Dragon.
And then the hand hurt so badly. It was just cramping and cramping and since then I haven't been able to hardly hold a controller for very long.
Alright. Yeah. That's a very valid point when it comes to the whole keyboard mouse versus controller thing is that maybe because of the way your hands are you can't use one or the other.
So who knows. Alright. Anything else we should know about Alan Alchemy before we get into some other chat for tonight?
No.
Do you have anything you want to plug while you're here?
No.
You don't have your own podcast anymore. I know you had one a while ago but Twitter? Anything like that?
People that want to get...
Everyone that would be listening to this is already following us.
Alright. Fair enough. Fair enough. Alright. Let's get into some kickoff topics here.
I just want to quickly talk about this week was April Fools Day and we're not playing a prank on you tonight. I swear. We don't have an April Fools prank for the show tonight.
Maybe the fact that Alan's filling in for Loki. Ha ha ha. I don't know. Just kidding. We like having you here.
But I kind of feel overall this year the pranks for April Fools were kind of not as big as we've seen in years past.
Were you on Tumblr?
Sort of.
Did you experience copy?
Yeah. I didn't even click. I didn't click that stuff. I didn't change my URL. I was like, nope. I see that in the corner. I'm not clicking it and I missed the whole thing.
It was pretty funny.
I heard about it and I was like, why is everybody changing their name to a corporation? Is this some type of corporations or people social justice thing? I just kind of ignored it.
It took your Twitter. It took your Tumblr handle and then put LLC Corp Company CEO Incorporated. Like it just put all of these business suffixes at the end of it.
It totally had all of the repost and video posts and everything. The links totally looked like they were taken out of Microsoft Word in like 1995.
See, I totally wrote it off as a social justice thing as I tend to do on Tumblr.
It was pretty funny, but I was at work for most of the day. So I get back and it's RIP copy.
All copy.
Some of the gaming stuff I know. The big one I think everybody was talking about was Google Maps and Pac-Man.
That's pretty cool.
Somebody at Google really has a thing for Pac-Man. Hey, I understand. Pac-Man is a legendary game and many things we have in gaming are to thank for that.
But you guys know I play Ingress. I talk about that a lot.
I was going to say it bled into Ingress.
Which is also like a Google thing. But that's pretty cool. Do they keep the Pac-Man thing in Google Maps? Can you still do that?
Because I know when they did the Pac-Man Google logo you can still use that.
Yeah, you can get all the old logo things they did.
Yeah, so I'm sure they would have kept that in there somewhere. Probably just an alternate URL or something.
The gaming prank seemed to be a little lighter this year. But I know a lot of people were talking about Phoenix Wright dog attorney or whatever they called it.
That was great.
Where they replaced all the characters with dogs. It was adorable. And I think a lot of people were like, you should really make this game.
And then I know another big one was Harmonics put out Romance Central.
But they actually made the game. It wasn't anything that they had to pour a lot of resources on.
But they actually basically made a dating sim in the Dance Central universe which I thought was hilarious.
So good on them.
But those are really some of the big pranks for the year. I don't know if somebody in our chat room wants to point out others over at live.vognetwork.com.
Tigerclaw is giving a link on how to continue to play Pac-Man in Google Maps. It is on the Google support if you want to see that.
Vidpala in our chat room says, my favorite April Fools this year was playing Pac-Man on Google Maps.
I was searching all over for perfect Pac-Man maps.
Oh wow. Trying to find the streets that are just right to make the real Pac-Man board.
There's places like certain downtown areas that follow a grid. I bet the French Quarter would have been perfect or Phoenix.
But Boston would have been a bitch. That's probably the worst city.
Don't use Atlanta.
Don't let Bobby hear you.
No, no, no. I have a feeling Bobby would agree that driving in Atlanta, if you're not used to driving in Atlanta, is utter shite.
Maybe next year they can do one where Pac-Man will gain and lose velocity based on elevation which will make San Francisco a ton of fun.
Maybe next year they'll do Super Pac-Man.
Maybe. Maybe. Did you check out any of the Pac-Man in Google Maps, Alan?
No. I am just at an age where I'm like, I am barely going to touch the internet on April 1st.
So if there is stuff that's legitimately good, and I know there is, I am making the sacrifice of just, I'm going to miss all the content, even the good stuff.
I just don't like being on the internet on that day.
I'm kind of with you and then I have friends that are like, oh but you do a funny video game podcast so get the fuck over it and just enjoy April Fools day.
And I'm like, I'm not telling other people they can't have fun but I just, just the fact that it's a whole day based on lying and just...
On my Facebook there are still stories from the first that people are just now seeing that because it's not the first.
They're posting thinking that it's real and it's like, look when it was published it's the fifth and we're still dealing with this bullshit.
That's what I don't like about it.
There was some movie announcement. I'm trying to think. I'm trying to think of what it was but yeah.
So the stuff doesn't go away once it hits the second. There is sort of a ripple effect even if it's a good joke and then people will be still taking it seriously a week later.
And I just hate all of it.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, I remember seeing something about a big head mode in Diablo 3.
I missed that.
How did you miss that?
I was probably just playing it.
Let's see. Bobby Black Wolf says he agrees Atlanta was horrible for Pac-Man maps. So there you go.
Rageinator saying the best all-time April Fools prank was EGM's Shang Long prank.
Oh I'm sure, I think we talked about this a little bit on the show last week but yeah.
Some of those legendary magazine pranks, you know, that we remember from when we were younger.
One of the first big gaming April Fools things that I can recall and I'm sure that they're not the first but probably the most notorious is when Warcraft 3.
I'm not sure if the Frozen Throne was out yet which was the expansion but when Blizzard posted about the upcoming playable race, the Pandaren.
Right?
They started all that for Warcraft 3, the RTS.
I still like what Guild Wars did when everyone was a wireframe or stick figure.
Didn't they have, speaking of Warcraft, in World of Warcraft, one of their jokes one year was a whole riff on the fact you could do pizza in EverQuest 2.
You could do Panda Express or Pandaren Express or something like that in World of Warcraft. That was funny.
See the jokes this year from Warcraft weren't quite as good as some of those.
The Molten Core 2600 I think was probably their best.
The April Fools pop up for WoW should just be, you're still paying for this.
Don't be mean. You're being mean.
Alright, let's talk about our gaming weeks. We talked a little bit about all the foolery online this week.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks a bit and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
DarkSakura, we'll start with you.
I haven't had time to play a whole bunch of stuff just between feeling pretty crappy and having a lot of writing I wanted to get done.
I did sit down and put a little bit more effort into the Jaws of Hakkon DLC for Dragon Age Inquisition and that was pretty cool.
I'm definitely glad that I went back to a save before I beat the game.
By this point I don't mind giving out the spoiler.
If you beat the game, you don't get soulless.
So if you want to hear him say all kinds of cool stuff in the DLC, do it before you beat the game.
Yeah.
I'm just saying this right now.
I also did it, went back and actually found the save before he broke my Inquisitor's heart, the bastard.
It's been pretty fun playing it.
His commentary really makes the whole DLC for me.
I started the Final Fantasy Record Keeper thing, except then I had to leave, so I actually got through the intro.
And I've got Theater Rhythm, which I've been playing a little bit of.
There you go.
I'm late to the Theater Rhythm thing, 15 minutes with Starbucks.
Better late than never.
Yes.
When you play Record Keeper in bed and I'm listening to it because I'm dinking around on my phone, probably watching Vine,
I'm like, everyone is playing this for the music because all of a sudden a wave washes over me and I'm 15 again.
And I'm like, why are they playing the Magitek music from when you go get Emperor Gestahl in Final Fantasy III slash VI?
Because it's just the background music of one of the things in Record Keeper.
I'm like, that's hypnosis brainwashing. They put all those 16-bit songs in there and that's why people are playing it.
The Record Keeper is a far better free-to-play game than the ATB or all the Bravest or whatever that thing was,
which was really one of the most awful mobile phone games I've ever played, honestly.
But Record Keeper is great.
There's one or two other free-to-play games they've put out since then.
There are. What's notable about Record Keeper is that it's by the same company that Nintendo is partnering with for the mobile.
So you look at Record Keeper and it's actually a pretty decent mobile game that tickles that nostalgia factor really well, as Alan is pointing out.
And what I also noticed is that although the pay element is there, I notice it doesn't really shove it in your face.
It was kind of hard for me to figure out how to buy the gems that you could buy.
So, you know, I think that game is definitely worth a look if you want.
I think it's a little bit like most of the battles are just auto-attack to get through it.
But then again, that's really a lot of the old Final Fantasy games anyway, is that it was just like A-A-A until you got to a boss.
Then you really had to think through the strategy.
At least if you grinded out your levels. If you weren't willing to grind out your levels, it might be a little more difficult.
Until you get to that one certain point where you're like, 30 Nights of the Round, Quadra Magic, Mimic, go make a sandwich.
Which I have proven can be done.
Fifth Dream in chat talking about the Final Fantasy Record Keeper saying, new characters with 8-bit sprites is the best.
Yeah, that's kind of like the real retro cool thing is seeing what they did with Final Fantasy VII and X, putting that in the retro graphics.
And I really hope they do like XI, and I don't know if XII comes up later, I haven't got far enough in it yet, but I just started getting stages from Final Fantasy VI.
And now I'm distracted by this whole, there's the Shinra Tower with 100 levels in it and you can get Tifa.
And I'm like, ah, so I gotta do that. Anyway.
So moving on to Alan's gaming week. I know we might have spoiled it a little bit talking about Diablo III, but is there anything else for your gaming week?
I was playing Talisman, the game workshop tabletop game. It's got a Steam port, a port to PC, so I was playing that where it digitally rolls the dice and it moves your token around the board.
Because I played Talisman maybe two or three games when I was in seventh or eighth grade, and I forgot that it's pretty much just a substitute.
I don't want to say it's like a D&D campaign because everyone will get super offended, but it's long to actually beat Talisman, especially if you are playing with the expansion packs.
It's like Monopoly where it can take hours and you have to put the game away on top of the refrigerator so the game pieces don't get shuffled or whatever.
Luckily on PC you just save and leave.
But I got it on Hella Sale, including the season pass for all of the expansions and extra character packs, so I was dinking around with that just for nostalgia.
And it's bloody hard. When you get turned into a frog in Talisman it's the worst.
And then I checked out Hotline Miami 2 for like an hour. I've been playing stuff on my phone, which no one really...
Temple Run 2, and trying to do the daily challenge in Bejeweled Blitz. But yeah, Diablo III. Diablo III.
Fair enough. My gaming week. I got a new TV, and I bet Alan was so excited to see me spend all that money on a new TV.
I got a 60-inch TV, because the TV we had before was, what, 38?
37. It's one of those things where you're in an apartment and your 37-inch TV is great, perfect.
You move into a house and you put your 37-inch TV in the corner of the living room and you're like, fuck.
So that was one of the things I wanted to get, was a new TV. And plus, I always, I crack up when I see the TVs at the store, and they have that refresh rate that's so good that when you watch a movie, you're like, this is like watching community theater in front of my face, right?
So I was like, I'm gonna get one of those. So sure enough, I found a great deal on a last-year model Samsung, and so I got a 60-inch TV that has the 240 refresh.
Even as 3D, which kind of surprised me, I thought that was on its way out, but we were able to watch a little bit of Tron last night in 3D, and that was a trip.
We were at Fry's once and they had a TV. They were showing the Wachowski Brothers Speed Racer.
Wachowski siblings.
Okay, yes, sorry. And it was John Goodman who was the pop or whatever, and I swear that you could see the foundation on his face and you could see the glue and the velcro of his mustache.
Yeah, yeah.
What's the Super HD, the 4K? It was one of those.
4K, yeah, it was one of those. I didn't see the need to jump up to 4K just yet, but I'm pretty impressed with the TV. I really like it.
I will talk about games in a moment, but actually part of this is, you know, I knew that a lot of TVs now have Netflix and Hulu and all that built into it, right?
Yes.
And I was like, I don't need that shit. I have a PlayStation 4. Give me a TV without all that stuff. They don't make them. They all have that stuff.
Yeah, TVs are like computers now. They all have firmware and an operating system.
And they all have their own storefronts.
Yeah, Samsung has their own store.
Everybody's chasing Apple at this point in that. So yeah, Samsung has that store and I can actually play games on the TV. I downloaded O2Jam. I couldn't play it because I needed a Samsung account and you were gone, but I was going to have you log in so I could play it.
But yeah, I thought it was crazy. You can get like games on the TV and stuff.
The integration of the screen share with my Note 4, because I upgraded my cell phone finally like two months ago. So the fact that it's a Samsung TV, when he was flipping through the operating system, I was like, Oh, there's an app for my phone.
And then I downloaded the app and ran it. And it's like, Oh, you have this TV on the wifi. Then it put what was on the screen, like on my phone.
So like, I guess I could watch TV. Like if you were watching something, I could watch it on my phone in the bedroom. I don't know why I would do that.
But yeah, it's neat to have an Android and see how the TV integrates with it.
Tiger Claw says, Sky, is the 3D on your TV the shutter glasses or polarized glasses? It's the battery operated shutter glasses, which kind of surprised me a little bit.
And then Jason says, I hate greater than 60 Hertz TVs. I shut that shit off immediately. I will say it takes some getting used to for watching like movies and things.
And it is a little jarring, but for games, it's very nice.
Well, I mean, on my phone, on Snapchat, it's not going to quite show off the clarity of it, but you were playing Diablo three console version on the PS4.
And it was like, okay, we can see every little tooth and rib cage and toenail on the monsters that are swarming at you.
Yeah. Cause of the refresh rate.
It's pretty crazy. Brad from Pod Culture saying I should have gone Vizio. I know that they are good TVs as well.
They have a Vizio right there.
They have a Vizio. Trust me, I got a good deal. So it was, it was fine. So I did my research.
Anyway, so about games, I mean, yes, I got the new TV, but one of the things I wanted to do was go back and revisit like all these games to see how they look in 60 inches and looking at like Mario Kart 8.
I was playing a lot of Wii U, Smash Brothers.
Whenever a PC gamer gets a new rig, suddenly I want to play Borderlands because what does Borderlands look like on this graphics card? So yeah, it's the same.
Even part of me was like, do I drop the 60 bucks and get that Borderlands collection? Cause I bet it looks great. I'm still on the fence.
You got the hella edition of Tomb Raider, right? On PS4?
Definitive. Yeah. I need to go back. Yeah.
I want to see what that looks like on the TV.
And Destiny. I need to still go back and play.
But what I did play this week, let me talk. So this is so funny. So I have this 60 inch TV. What am I playing this week more than anything else?
A throwback to an 8-bit game. Yep. I've been playing this shit out of Axiom Verge on my TV, which is like an NES game on the TV.
When watching you play it, it's obvious there are way more mechanics than what would be possible in the NES, but it really does look like a Metroid reskin.
It does. It does. And I'm really surprised Nintendo isn't somewhat taking issue with it, but you know, a lot of games owe things to Mario.
But I got to say, Axiom Verge, you're right. Once you kind of get past the surface and you start to find that, oh, there's like these types of guns that change things significantly, like a drill.
Like there was never anything like that in Metroid. But like what most changes things is the hacking gun. You get this gun that allows you to hack the terrain.
Or you might hack a monster, and when you hack the monster, it will do something, and depending on what the monster is, it will do something different.
Like one monster will turn into like a power ball that will start to like clear through walls for you and open up a new area.
Another type of monster you might hack is like the type of monster that like when you get in its line of sight darts across the room, right, and does damage.
Well, if you hack it, instead of it just darting across the room and damaging you, when it darts across the room, it leaves a platform as a trail.
So those sorts of things really change a lot of the mechanics and the ways you think about getting through like a Metroid level.
So when you start Axiom Verge, you're like, okay, I'm fucking playing Metroid right now. But the deeper you go, you start to realize that, okay, somebody really took this formula and, you know, took it to the next level.
And the soundtrack, fantastic. And I understand it's one guy that did the whole thing, and he's been working on it for a few years, but he's done a tremendous job.
You know I love me some Super Metroid and Metroid, and does this game reach that level? I don't think anything can, especially, you know, I was 12 or so when Super Metroid came out, and I don't think anything's ever going to hit me on that same level.
But Axiom is a great, like, here's an evolution of, you know, a Metroid game.
Is it better than Shovel Knight?
That's a real tough question. There are different types of games. Which one did I enjoy more? I don't know, Shovel Knight was on my top games last year. I really, really like Shovel Knight, but you know what?
I kind of think Axiom Verge is going to end up on my top games this year, because I always, I've always got room for a retro, tingling classic.
But I'm going to be able to revisit Shovel Knight in a couple weeks, because it's coming out on PlayStation 4 with the whole God of War stuff that kind of makes it new again, to get my $15 all over again.
So, let's see, going to our chat room. Fifth Dream in chat says, I need to get good enough to beat the second boss. Those Yeti things kick my ass, so by the time I get there I'm low on health.
Yeah, the difficulty curve in that game really starts to take off, so I noticed that as well, but I'm having a great time with Axiom Verge, that game is fantastic.
Other than that, I've been playing a lot of the same stuff. Final Fantasy XIV had a huge content patch, the finale, essentially, of this story, and I kind of, like, I'm not going to spoil it, don't worry, but I kind of wasn't prepared.
It's on some red wedding shit.
For how dark it was going to get. Like, that was some crazy Game of Thrones shit that was happening at the end there.
And you might infer something from what I'm telling you and be robbed, but don't take it as literally as what we're saying. There's a lot of crazy shit that goes on there, so I was just surprised.
It's weird to see how well they've done an MMO that has a single-player campaign story in it, because it is kind of weird to queue up for a dungeon and then you're doing the story and you're watching a cutscene and your dungeon pops, like in WoW, and you want to go do your dungeon, but you can't because you're watching the cinematic, but the story is so good they made it work.
Because in WoW you might have a cutscene when you beat a raid or at the start of a new expansion, but otherwise you're just playing the game, but in XIV there is definitely an overarching story and it's like a novella, and you just keep getting filled in on what's happening.
And there was definitely one particular scene at the end that had my jaw on the floor where I was like, that was kind of like really unexpected and I'm kind of surprised the game went there type of thing. So I'll leave you to that, but yeah I was very pleasantly surprised.
It's playing Jaws Sweden. Jaws Sweden is responsible for what happens now.
But I've never seen this in an MMO where when you're about to start the quest it says, warning, you are about to partake a series of cutscenes, please have ample time set aside to view these cutscenes. And it's like warning you, you are about to watch 40 minutes worth of cutscenes.
Yeah, which is a bit much.
That is not a stretch. It took me 40 minutes to get to the end.
And I'm sure you could hit escape and skip them, but with the stuff, I mean they're closing out the story of this.
If you skip it, like they're kind of, I mean you can go back to your in room and watch it from your little diary, but yeah no that warning is like you should, you're paying $14.99 a month to see shit like this so you need to watch it.
So meanwhile, while we're sitting over here talking about Final Fantasy XIV, the listeners can hear you coughing over there Dark Soccer. Are you okay?
I'm sorry, I actually was asking if I could have some coffee.
Oh yeah, of course.
I've been trying not to cough on the camera since I've had my sinus infection.
I think it's so loud the mics are still picking it up even though you're coughing the other way.
Yeah, I have, it's leftover from my sinus infection. I actually am feeling fine. It's just all the drainage from my nose has...
Last week, I didn't have a sinus infection, but I had the worst virus that I've had in years to the point where I was like, is this strep? Should I see a doctor? No, it was just viral. It went away on its own after seven days.
See, at first I thought that I had it, except I got sick after I came back from Alabama. And then when all the green stuff started coming out of my nose, I knew it was a sinus infection.
But now it's just like, now I feel, I think it's just like the last little bits and allergy, you know, problems exacerbating it. But the infection part's gone. I just have the cough leftover.
The chat room's freaking out because you accidentally said you coughed on camera. There's no camera.
No, there's no camera. I meant to say on mic and I said camera, and I was struggling with the proper word to use. Excuse me, people. Sometimes I have a condition.
It's the La Boheme episode of Orange College Radio where we're the two ingenues that are coughing from consumption. We've got tuberculosis and we're wasting away.
Because I still have a little cough too, which is not as bad as Jamie's.
I'm sorry, now you said that and now I'm thinking of rent.
Because La V. Boheme.
Oh, okay. 525,600 episodes.
Which you know rent was based off of La Boheme.
Yeah, I know I do.
But it's always like the path my brain takes. So anyway, I'm going to go drink my coffee now, so shut up everyone.
Alright, so I'm fixing Dark Sakura a little cup of coffee. Thank you to my single cup machine for making that very easy so Dark Sakura can hopefully get her throat taken care of and not be coughing on air.
Alright, so meanwhile, while we get that taken care of, we're going to get into the news here quickly, but I do want to go over some housekeeping real quick.
First off, for us, next Saturday, or this coming Saturday, April the 11th, we will be live on VOG Network all day from 10am to 5pm Pacific Time.
Understation Live should still be on at their normal time later in the evening.
But we will be live during the day from the Sacramento Indie Arcade, and you can hear all about this on last week's episode where we had Brianna and Gabrielle were here from the Sacramento IGDA talking all about the event.
But we're going to be broadcasting live, and I'm going to be perfectly honest with you guys, this is something we haven't done in a very long time.
And the last time we would broadcast live from an event, it was a DDR tournament, so it was a very different type of vibe.
So this is, I mean, I would think the last time we did anything like this was maybe PAX08 when we were with All Games, and all the All Games hosts came together to do some stuff there.
But this is going to be very different, so I don't know what to expect. It's going to be a live experience, but it's going to be great.
The event itself, if you're in the Sacramento area, they've got some great guest speakers, they've got a documentary that's running, they've got a ton of games coming in, including something Dark Sakura is bringing.
Yes, we are pretty much going to do our very best to bring our very own JackBot.
Dan's like, well, we can bring World Cup soccer, but I'll disable the soccer ball. I'm like, you are not disabling the soccer ball. We are taking JackBot.
Because I'm not going to play World Cup where the soccer ball doesn't work.
So if you want to tilt Dark Sakura's stuff, come on down to the Sacramento Indie Arcade event down at Cafe Colonial and the Colony next door.
It's not orange phlegm radio. It's Passover, right? It's Passover. So we speak a lot of Hebrew and during Passover, and Lewis Black says Hebrew is a phlegm-based language.
I'm practicing. I'm kidding. I don't know. That was really awful.
Alright, and s2100matt in our chat room says, I forgot to take off from work to be around to listen.
Well, we are going to be recording it, and as long as we can get all the legal stuff taken care of, because we'll have speakers involved, we just have to make sure all the lines are crossed and dotted with that.
As long as legally we can bring it to you, we are going to offer an on-demand after the fact. But I can't guarantee it will all be there, so do be here live.
Just so you guys know, this may impact next week's live Orange Lounge Radio. Loki's told me already he can't be here next week live.
So we will probably either do a short show or we may not actually have a show next Sunday. We'll kind of decide that.
But considering you're going to get hours and hours on Saturday, it kind of balances out, so I'm hoping you guys won't be too upset.
So that is what we've got going on next weekend. But get this, did you know our pal Bobby Blackwell, and I talk about him an awful lot, because he's a big part of the Voice of Geeks Network, and his show is on before us here live on Sundays.
He is also going to be doing a live broadcast by some strange twist of fate. April is like satellite month here at VOG.
And Bobby Blackwell is going to be doing his show on Sunday, April 19th at his normal time, live from the all-new location of Battle and Brew in Atlanta.
So if you happen to be an Atlanta area member of the OL Army, even if you don't listen to Bobby Blackwell, I would still encourage you to check this out.
Battle and Brew is a LAN and gaming center. It's got a full bar and a kitchen. And what's going on on Sunday, April 19th, it is the Atlanta Virtual Reality Meetup.
This is taking place from 5.30pm to 10pm. Bobby's show will be 8 to 9 Eastern Time, and on his show he'll be interviewing VR developers and VR enthusiasts.
You know Bobby knows an awful lot about Oculus, Morpheus, all that VR and even AR stuff. So they're going to be doing this live event in Atlanta, so if you happen to be in the area, I really encourage you to check it out.
And it sounds like you can have a drink and listen to Bobby live and possibly be on his show. How convenient is that? So check that out.
That place sounds like a lot of fun. I will have to visit it when I'm in town for Dragon Con. How's that sound Bobby? Are you going to take me to the new Battle and Brew when I'm in town for Dragon Con? I think so.
Alright, so that is taking place again on April 19th, and if you aren't in Atlanta, you can check it out here at VOG live.
You know it also is April 19th. Yes I do. It's my birthday. That's going to be a busy night here at VOG because your birthday show is the 19th.
And you know what the day before is? Sakura, Matsuri, right?
Busy busy. April's a busy month here. That means that I have to tell everybody who wants to meet us, I would totally love to go to Pizza Orgasmica in San Francisco. The one over by 2nd Street.
If I remember right, isn't April the month we started VOG? I think it is. I think it was 2011? I don't even remember what year at this point. I'm so old. 2012?
It's 2000 something.
But I think April's the month we actually started VOG.
So, Pizza Orgasmica.
Yes. Good stuff. Good stuff. Alright. And Bobby Blackwolf saying that we'll go to the Battle and Brew when I come out for Dragon Con. Excellent. Sounds good.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news. So, we'll see you on Saturday. We may not be here live Sunday, just to recap there, but we'll keep you posted.
You can always follow us on Twitter for the latest. Twitter.com slash O-L-R. We're also on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio and any programming notes we'll put there.
And on our Google Plus for ye few who are loyal to the Google Plus. Google.com slash Plus Orange Lounge Radio.
We're gonna get into some news tonight. Alan's gonna stick around and help us out with the news. So, Alan, why don't you start us off with some news?
So, if you were one of the few that used the OnLive cloud video game streaming service, boy are you having a bad week.
So, OnLive is closing. Sony purchased them. Sony, I guess, is purchasing their probably facilities and hardware to integrate into their own cloud streaming service.
But what they are not dealing with at all is their infrastructure. Which means that any games and so on that you got from the OnLive service, you're losing them completely outright.
I believe last October, OnLive got rid of their subscription model to where you have to pay just to access the service. They're like, okay, that's dumb.
So, they made it to where you could log in for free but you could still buy licenses to stream your games a la carte. So, 50 bucks or whatever.
But then they also had, basically it was PlayStation Plus where you pay $10 a month and you got access to 30 or 40 games for paying that fee.
That's all gone. So, if you had any saves or you were playing any of those, you can't access that content anymore.
Any licenses that you bought like for unlimited where you paid the 45, 50, 60 bucks to just have the full game unlimited hours gone, you're not, you don't get that anymore.
If you paid an additional fee for the cloud lift service, what cloud lift service did was it was a hub between your Steam library and your OnLive library.
Where it would actually take some games that you had bought on Steam and pipe through the OnLive system.
If you had that, your achievements and your saved games because it's a part of the Steam cloud, that's all fine because you're a Steam user.
Otherwise, those games if you were playing it like on a Mac, because a lot of Mac users were using OnLive too.
This really blows for them. I mean, you know, and this is exactly what makes people wary of doing digital purchases, right?
Is the fact that what happens if the server goes down and I can't play those games anymore?
Well, I think about how many games we both own on Steam. It's basically the same thing.
Except Steam is more established, which I know is kind of like a chicken and the egg thing. OnLive would have been established too if more people used it.
But Steam's also made very clear that they have a button, and if they push that button, there's no more DRM in any of the games that you bought.
The question just is, would I ever be able to re-download them again? What if I lost my library in a hard drive failure?
I guess that would be on me to make sure I back all my crap up, but you know, I know you have a lot of Steam games, I have a lot of Steam games.
Loki has a ton, Dark Sakura has a ton. But I also don't think Steam's really in a position where they're going to close their doors anytime soon.
But what if Microsoft, Sony, or Nintendo pulls a Sega someday? And I'm not saying that something's going to happen anytime soon or trying to start clickbait hysteria,
but we have seen it happen where a console manufacturer ceases to make consoles. What's going to happen to all the games I bought online at that point?
Does Microsoft have a button they can push? Or guarantees that it'll be around forever? Maybe because they do Windows as well and Sony has a big business, but you never know what might happen, right?
So this is definitely buyer beware with digital stuff.
I think it's probably Mac users who are using this as a way to stream to their Mac with that because for whatever reason they don't want to do bootcamp or a dual boot solution to boot into Windows or whatever.
So they're screwed with the fact that aside from a handful of companies, you can't really play Splinter Cell or Call of Duty on a Mac.
So I think they're getting hit the hardest. Anyone that paid 50 bucks for a full license was hit.
And then, I don't know how much this costs retail, but OnLive also had basically a little...
It's about the size of a NES cartridge. It has a controller port and USB and you hook it up to a smart TV like the one we have and it would allow you to use...
It was basically just their interface to your TV. So you could do the cloud streaming to your TV if you didn't have a computer. Great, right? That hardware is useless now.
The controller and the little NES-sized OnLive are rocks.
Yeah, they're rocks.
Rama in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com suggesting that if Steam were to ever close, someone would put together a torrent of Steam games.
So even if Steam couldn't give you your games, they would be somewhere in the cloud thanks to piracy, essentially.
And then you'd have to, you know, is it ethical? You know, you'd have to answer all those tough questions. But he's probably right. That is probably what would ultimately happen.
Yeah.
Now Sony has absolutely no obligation to look at the terms and conditions of what OnLive was and carry over all of those licenses and all of that infrastructure.
Not really.
They had no obligation. So I mean, it is because Sony bought them that it's like, sorry, but your shit's getting dropped like a hot rock. Bye.
I wonder if that's going to cause Sony any backlash. I don't know. I think there'll be a couple angry rabble rabble, but in terms of sales and so forth, I just don't see that that's actually going to have a resonating impact.
If you bought the TV OnLive little mini console after February 1st of this year, you are eligible for a refund.
If you, I believe, have maybe a receipt. That was in the story that I'm referencing.
But if you had one of these things before, and if someone on chat wants to tell me how much this thing cost, maybe 30, 40 bucks. I'm too lazy to look on Amazon.
Yeah. So if you bought it after February 1st, you can get your money back.
Bobby in chat saying, Sony just bought the patents. They didn't buy the service. It's just that OnLive can't use those patents anymore since Sony owns them and isn't licensed to them. And that's from live.vognetwork.com.
I figured it was a hardware thing too, like server space and the bandwidth.
It seems like Sony might be also kind of like distancing themselves a little bit by being like, we're taking this and the rest is going to not be able to sustain itself.
Basically, you know, it's kind of like, Oh, we don't have anything to do with that other part, even though, you know, but, uh, yeah, that's, uh, you know, it's going to be a question that people are going to ask themselves now about digital distribution going forward is what's going to happen.
But to be fair, there were a lot of people posing that question when online first came out.
Was this the thing that we joked was the Phantom when the Phantom was like, cause I remember that system.
It was kind of the Phantom too. It got a lot of, well, people didn't think it would work.
I mean, isn't this funny that even like what, six years ago or whenever this thing first came up, maybe longer than that, maybe it was like closer to like nine, I think it was at E3 2006 when the thing first showed up.
But people were really joking about like, and even we were part of it to be fair, like, Oh yeah, you're going to be able to stream an entire game through the cloud and it's just going to, yeah, I'm sure that's going to be great technology.
You're going to have frame skips like crazy and it's kind of like, well actually they did kind of make it work. Props to them.
Those are those patents probably that Sony bought is the fact that online actually worked. It just wasn't sustainable, the technology.
But the problem is that, you know, and I remember giving it hell for this when it first came out is that the games were the same price.
And I've said this time and time again on OLR, if there is no equity in the games that I'm going to buy, then the games should not cost the same.
I think when it launched, um, you also had to pay to subscribe to get access to the service.
I think that went away real quick.
They did get rid of that and they made the PlayStation plus model, but yeah, so it was kind of double dipping.
Yeah. Uh, so yeah, and I, I just, I don't, I think if the games had cost half as much, it might've done a lot better, but they probably couldn't get that type of arrangements from the publishers.
Um, but I think that's why Steam does well. People are willing to throw a lot of money at games when it's only 50 cents or a dollar at a time.
And now you see PlayStation kind of getting at that model too, and even Microsoft's soft starting to sneak up on that too, where they're doing the deep discounts.
Origin I think has really improved though since it first launched in all fairness.
Origin's problem is that they really only have EA games on it. They have a few others. I think like Square Enix.
There are so many free games where it's like, like, like syndicate, which I played in like 92, 93. It was a CD-ROM game really, really hard.
I think it was kind of like shadow run. So I get syndicate. If you remember that game, if you're old enough, it's free. Take it.
Yeah.
Yeah, I got all that when it went free.
And then Sims 2'd and they just, all of Sims 2 here.
And all the mods still work.
Yeah, they do. They do like their free game giveaway once a month or so just for the hell of it. So kind of, kind of interesting.
Uh, and I'm sure by the time a brand new like Mass Effect comes out or something, they'll give away like Mass Effect 1 just to try and lure people into the franchise type of thing. You know, so.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Andradeo at VoGnetwork.com, use the passphrase FORCE.
Anyhow, moving on, let's talk about some other big news that happened this week. Nintendo had another Direct and a lot of news coming out of this Direct.
I'm going to tell you about a lot of the news and Jamie's got a follow up here with some of it as well.
But I want to talk about what happened at the Direct on 4.1. No fooling this news. Lots of Smash Brothers updates. Mewtwo coming out later this month.
If you registered, you're going to get it a little early than those that are going to have to pay to get it as DLC.
There's also going to be an upcoming update that will add some skins and so forth and that update also coming out on April 15th.
Some other announcements that came out was that Lucas from Mother 3 will be joining as DLC. This is a highly demanded character for the game.
Even though Mother 3 isn't even out here in the States, I guess in Japan especially there was a huge outcry for Lucas to come back to the game.
So Lucas is coming back as DLC and they mentioned that you can vote now. Voting is open for whatever DLC you'd like to see in the game next.
There is a group on Tumblr petitioning to have the careless Wiimote controller guy as a playable character. I would play him.
There's a lot of movements going on now which is nothing but free publicity for the game. I've seen a lot of Bayonetta talk over on Twitter.
Tingle.
I would love to see Tingle myself. I know he's an assist but he should be a full on character. I voted for RuPaul.
He's in a mobile game.
RuPaul is in RuPaul's Dragopolis and I said why and I said because all these fighters are born naked and the rest is drag.
RuPaul was my vote.
But there are some other folks. Shante being put forth by WayForward saying we would love to see Shante.
Speaking of RuPaul, Shante you stay from WayForward.
And Cialis wanting to have quotes from Cave Story in the game.
So it's funny to see companies are even saying sure, submit our character. We'd love to see this character in the game.
So that causing a lot of buzz. A lot of positive buzz.
Amiibo Wave 4 announced and a lot of the pre-orders took place this week and it was a goddamn mess. There's no other way to put it. It was a goddamn mess.
The Nintendo fanboys when they heard what the Amiibos were going to be for anyone that wants to pull up that gif of Kristen Wiig.
She was making fun of that girl from American Idol. She's got blonde pigtails and she's just crying. She's dragging her fingers down her face crying.
I think that's what everyone when they heard about the NES Amiibo.
Yeah, the NES Amiibo GameStop exclusive, Jigglypuff, Target exclusive, Greninja, Toys R Us exclusive.
All these things announced this week and people are just like, I have fucking had it with these motherfucking exclusives in these motherfucking stores.
Or they're rubbing their credit card violently against the screen hoping that Amiibo will pop out.
And yet again, because of port strikes, please understand we have a shortage here in these states.
Even though that's not a problem in Japan, AkumaJP can walk right into a store and still find a Wii Fit trainer.
You kind man, thank you very much for that. But he can still walk into a store, find whatever Amiibo he wants.
Meanwhile here in the states, people were standing in line for an hour at GameStop with less than 24 hours notice.
Stood in line for an hour to pre-order NES because the system's going to handle it.
Some people walked out of there with nothing because the NESes were gone because there weren't enough of them.
Now, that shit that you do for like a console launch.
Call me crazy but maybe Nintendo could like take the pre-orders well in advance so they could, I don't know, make enough fucking Amiibo to meet demand?
Like this shit's getting ridiculous. This is why I am really over this Amiibo shit.
And I really wanted a NES.
It's like Beanie Babies.
I really wanted a NES but three words. Fuck. This. Shit.
You did jokingly say that if I wanted a token to prove that I really loved you that I would get you a NES Amiibo.
I jokingly said, do you want one? And you're like, yes, that will be how you demonstrate that you truly love me.
But at the same time, it's like I am not, if one were to show up on my doorstep.
I'm not going on eBay and spending $600 and that's what I'd have to do.
And I don't expect you to and fuck those eBay people.
And it really fucking angers me that that's not getting shut down.
Like it's just encouraging that whole scalping thing. Fuck those people.
Don't buy, please, please do not buy Amiibo on eBay.
If you buy them, you are part of the problem.
I will absolve you of your sins if you've done, it's Easter, it's I guess forgiveness, I don't know.
What the hell is this holiday about? Zombies?
Jesus took a long nap.
Okay, so whatever, whatever it's about.
No, no, no, no, no. The holiday is about escaping Egypt.
Thank you for stealing the holiday, Christians.
I don't mean to be sacrilegious, but in the spirit of the holidays, you are forgiven if you've bought into this stuff.
After today, you need to stop, stop rewarding scalpers.
You are part of the problem if you reward scalpers.
Those are hard facts.
Do you, do you need the Amiibo that badly?
Yes. No.
I've got to have them all. It's like Pokemon but in real life.
No, no. Eye contact and you do not need the Amiibo that badly.
Listen up, America and parts of Canada.
This is Rob Roberts telling you, you don't need the Amiibo that badly.
Stop rewarding this behavior. Stop it. Stop it.
Um, to take it to a more positive note, Akuma JP and the chat room to have the best Smash Brothers suggestion with Cho and Ikki.
That would be incredible.
I would totally play that.
Fantastic.
Kaijuto in chat says, no one is going to listen. They're going to buy Amiibo anyway and they want it.
You know what? I'm trying to do my part here, Kaijuto. I'm trying to do my part.
I wasn't serious. I don't, I don't give a shit about Amiibo.
Fucking ask yourself, do you really need the Amiibo that bad?
No, you don't.
You need water and food and a roof over your head. You do not need Amiibo.
Anyway, uh, let's see.
Some people get two, one to play with and one to keep as a collector's item.
Or one to trade. Y'all know what they're doing.
I'm a little, the trading thing is less offensive to me because that usually happens between fans and okay, especially considering the state things you're in.
Like if you happen to pick up two Ness Amiibo and your friend picks up two Jigglypuff and you do a trade, that, that's not as offensive to me because that's still all face value.
And also the people that are doing, that are modifying their Amiibo, like the custom paint jobs, the, the resin where they're taking a soldier.
It's your money. Do whatever the hell you want.
You want to paint your things all different colors and accessorize. That's just drag.
You want to dragify your Amiibos. That's fine by me. That's, that's art people. That's art.
Let's see. Uh, Bobby in our chat says, I need to try and get a yarn Yoshi Amiibo and that's it.
And if I can't get it at retail for retail price, not getting it. That's my attitude.
Yes, I had a moment of weakness and bought the Mega Man, but you know what? It was on the shelf, retail price, in a store, no fucking hysteria or anything.
That's the way it should be. I just, hmm, I think I'm going to drive to the store and buy an Amiibo today and I go and there it is.
Or I don't know if anyone's ever been like at Fry's or Best Buy and you find an original sealed new copy of Disgaea 1 or Rez for the PS2 and you're like, oh shit, I have to buy this.
It's just serendipity, you know, if you trip across one, then sure, knock yourself out.
All right. Anyway, there was, there was more to come out of the Nintendo Direct than just the Amiibo news, but that was, I was a little put off.
But for the rest of Direct, my brain kind of shut down because Amiibo was so heavily pushed.
If you go read my tweets that I was making after the press conference, I was like, wow, I'm the only fucking person on Twitter that really wasn't impressed with that Nintendo Direct.
And a lot of my Nintendo fanboys are doing that Kristen Wiig gif, you know, oh my God, it was so beautiful. And I was like, what really came out of that?
At this point, if you have positive feelings, and I'm not trying to be like Loki and say that, but if you're on their side, you're pretty much ride or die.
Everything they do is gospel.
Yeah, I get that. And it's not to say, like there was some other very cool things that came out of it, like the whole 200cc mode for free from Mario Kart 8.
The Animal Crossing track, is that a part of the free one or no?
The Animal Crossing track is DLC for Mario Kart 8.
Is it the free one or is it going to be a paid thing like Zelda?
It's paid, but a lot of people bought both six months ago.
Oh, that's right.
But we'll come back to more in Animal Crossing in just a minute, but I want to talk about Splatoon. We'll have split screen mode and ranked battle.
And of course, there's Splatoon amiibo, and we mentioned the Yarn Yoshi amiibo, and I kind of feel like Nintendo is like, like now this amiibo thing is just like, okay, it's getting out of hand.
Like, fucking control the amiibo you have before you release all this other shit.
But anyway, Nintendo 64 and Nintendo DS games on their way to Wii U Virtual Console. There it is, the DS games on Virtual Console.
That was a prediction for what, two years ago?
2013?
Finally happening. I'm curious, though, because I think Mario Kart DS is one of the games that's on the calendar, but didn't they shut down all the online on DS?
Because it was all through GameSpy or whatever, so what's going to happen if I want to do Mario Kart online? Just doesn't happen, I guess, right?
Too bad so sad.
Too bad so sad. I wonder if there's going to be a disclaimer on that or something. I don't know.
The Nintendo 64 Virtual Console games had the original manual scans. Fatal Frame Wii U confirmed for North America. That's kind of cool.
I did like that. Attack on Titan coming to 3DS in May. A new Fire Emblem game on 3DS in 2016. Puzzle and Dragons on 3DS dated for May 22nd.
There are new StreetPass games for fishing and fighting zombies. I have to admit, I wasn't really feeling the new StreetPass games.
I kind of live for StreetPass. I saw the ones that I was fishing, but I also understand fishing stuff is huge in Japan. Like fishing games.
So I get it.
You were playing the little army empire game where you take over the world, but then you got over it.
I was. I did get over it.
So anyway, lots of stuff to come out of the Nintendo Direct. Dark Soccer is going to focus a little bit more on one other announcement.
Well, they've done it. They've taken an aspect of Animal Crossing and they have made a whole game out of it.
We're going to be getting Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer that focuses on home decor and decoration.
And coming with that will be amiibo cards with different Animal Crossing characters on it.
I wonder if you could take the cards and do them like Magic the Gathering or something. That would be fun.
Maybe make a little meta game out of them?
That would be awesome, actually. But it's basically just going to be home interior. So I guess it's simple.
But I don't know. See, I always thought I mean, I like building my home a lot in Animal Crossing, but I also liked hitting.
Who is that fucking horse's name?
Ed.
Ed. I like trapping him and hitting him with the bug net until I figured out that he doesn't go away unless you ignore him.
So I would just trap him in one part of the town and not have to look at him.
That was really why I played the game was getting Ed to leave.
Yeah, I saw this Animal Crossing thing and I had two reactions. I was like, one, so this is just a small piece of Animal Crossing.
And I wasn't really feeling it. I mean, maybe I need to hear more details on what's in the game itself.
But it sounds like it's just a piece of Animal Crossing, which I already own on 3DS. So I kind of, I didn't really get the point of it.
And two, I was starting to feel like, okay, Nintendo's really getting drunk with power on this amiibo stuff.
Like, it's nice that amiibo are in cards now, so maybe they won't have a problem fucking keeping them in stock.
But at the same time, I'm just like, now I just hear the word amiibo and my eyes glaze over and I'm like, enough! Enough!
This is not, do not, this is not what I want for the future of Nintendo, but it's making them oodles and oodles of cash.
So whether I want it or not, because everybody else is rewarding it, this is where we're ending up.
But most people I hear that go apeshit over the amiibo are doing it for the figures. They want the figures and little collectibles.
So when it shifts to cards, it's going to really be interesting to see if it still has that power.
But I still feel like your ride or die Nintendo crowd is going to be like, well, the cards are collectibles too, I gotta have them!
Also, isn't it Disney Infinity, which I think had its 2.0 come out?
Those also have things that you can put on the little pedestal to scan with the RFID chip that aren't figures, right?
There's the little like what, Ninja Star discs or the little...
Yeah, you put them underneath, you like make a sandwich with the figure in the card or something like that and you can do that.
So Nintendo sees that and they're like, okay, well we can do stuff that isn't a figure as well. Make that money.
Yeah, well they talked about the card thing as a way to like let people get the Wii Fit trainer that maybe weren't able to buy her when she was in stock.
Like that whole type of thing. So the whole concept of the cards isn't totally new, but to see this game that's going to really rely on a variety of cards is interesting.
But it does have me worried a little bit for the future. And as somebody is saying in chat right now over at live.vognetwork.com,
SG100Matt says, just wait for the Pokemon amiibo required game. It's coming. And that's when I'm going to be like, checking out, done. This is just too much!
That's, I mean, amiibo are cute, but when it's going to be required for all the games, I'm out.
So Nintendo, just be careful. You're getting a little drunk with power on this Animal Crossing stuff right now. Cool it, or it's going to come back to bite you. That's how I feel.
Alan.
I have a tidbit about Animal Crossing.
Oh boy.
Would you like to hear it?
Sure.
I never actually got on the Animal Crossing train. What was the first version? Was it N64? No.
In Japan, it was N64. Here it was GameCube.
Okay. So for those that, you know, played it and put in their hundreds of hours and they finally, you know, moved on to something else, but they miss the music and they have lots of strong nostalgic feelings for the music.
A user on NeoGaf by the name of Andrex created a Chrome plugin that puts a little K.K. Slider, which I thought was the name of like a hamburger or something, a little K.K. Slider in the corner.
Totally K.K.
I bet he still tastes good.
It will stream Animal Crossing music from the whole franchise and it'll like, if there's a song that plays when the sun comes up, it looks at your computer clock and will play that. I guess also he has a rock, like that character has a band that plays.
The DJ K.K.
Yeah. So Saturday night, there's a checkbox if you want that song to play Saturday at 10 PM.
I would totally, totally install that just so I get the 2 AM music from New Leaf.
So yeah, you can toggle what games that it references and you can let it do its own hourly schedule or you can say, no, I want you to play the song.
I was trying to figure out where these are sourced from to be streamed and how come Nintendo isn't doing like a C and D because it's copyrighted music or whatever. I don't know.
I got the impression that it is a hidden tiny little YouTube embed and it's just playing those songs from YouTube, but just in a way to where you're just getting the audio.
I don't know how much of a memory footprint that leaves if it makes your Chrome browser like sluggish.
I also don't know what happens if that song were to be moved off of YouTube.
I'm not 100% that that's where it's coming from, but when I looked at this article in another article, I couldn't find definitively where they're coming from, but it sounds like it's a YouTube embed.
That's a clever idea though, so that it's like, well, we're not distributing the music. We're just, you know, pointing to where it's at online already.
Okay, Napster.
It's the Napster defense.
So that's a little silly. Animal Crossing story is that if you really love the music and you use Chrome, get that plugin. It's available on the Google Chrome plugin store.
And that won't drive you nuts listening to nonstop KK Slider music. Maybe Jamie will do it. Can you imagine listening to nothing but KK Slider for a whole week in the car at work?
I've done it.
That's my KK Slider impersonation. That's what all the songs sound like. Have you really?
What's your favorite of all the KK Slider songs?
DJKK. Cause it's the Eurobeat one. You're going to play it.
I'm going to try to find it.
I know it's one I've given you.
I've had the complete Animal Crossing soundtrack here at one point.
DJKK is the best one.
What was the name of it in Japanese? Donbori?
Double Tsunomori. Animals Forest.
I thought I had the entire soundtrack at one point.
Just look up DJKK. You've got to search.
Geez, Rab.
I don't know. I feel like the joke's lost at this point.
No, we have to listen to it now.
It's going to take me a minute to find.
SSJ100Matt just linked something.
Thank you SSJ100Matt for helping.
But this says turn down for what? So this has got to be some sort of parody.
Yeah, this is a parody of something.
People just do all these KK Slider parodies on YouTube.
Here's bad romance.
Skip ahead a minute.
I like it.
Rob's checked out by the way, with those of you listening to Chad.
This is the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
This is great.
Hurry up and find my DJKK.
YouTube it.
Geez, Rob.
Tell us an Animal Crossing memory really quick while I look this up.
When Ed left my town, I accidentally talked to him.
He's like, I'm leaving. I'm like, bye bitch.
And that was it.
And then I'm not the only one that had Ed because my friend had Ed too.
Okay, so I found it on YouTube and here's the best part.
And I'm going to skip ahead a little bit here.
But somebody did one of those YouTubes where it's like,
here's the DJKK with lyrics on screen.
I feel like this, watch, this is going to get the YouTube of OLR this week flagged by Nintendo.
Watch. Anyway.
It's still more understandable than Iggy Azalea when she raps live.
I think that's the post you need to make for Tumblr is you need to get that video of Iggy Azalea doing the rap.
Put in the case fire.
Can somebody work on that for me please? That'd be fantastic.
Alright, anyhow. Enough DJKK.
Let's talk about the law.
Let's talk about the law.
And a settlement that could affect you if you are a PlayStation Vita owner.
If you bought a PlayStation Vita in the US before June 1st, 2012, you can now get your PlayStation Vita piece of that settlement.
We talked about this on the show previously that this was coming.
But now through June 29th, you can get a $25 check. That's pretty cool.
Or PlayStation Network credit if you just want to redeem it for stuff online.
You could also choose from one of three bundles including the God of War collection, Uncharted Golden Abyss, and so on.
Other titles like that.
If you were an early PlayStation Vita adopter because of the advertising campaign and the fact that they advertise some features that didn't come to light, you can get a piece of that settlement.
I think I might have to take advantage of that myself.
I mean, I still enjoy my Vita, but, you know, if I can get some PlayStation Network credit, which is funny because I'll just end up pouring that money right back into Sony products.
But hey, maybe I will finally break and end up getting that Borderlands collection. We'll see.
Alright. Meanwhile, let's go to DarkSakura with some more news.
Well, there has been a fusion. A fusion. Woo.
Basically, the Kinect for Xbox One and Windows have become the same device. They have been merged into one SKU.
They will work on Windows 8 or Xbox One systems.
They figured they're just ready to make it easier for people to get ahold of them and make it easier to use them between those multiple devices.
So, it will still support the Kinect for Windows V2 sensor.
Even though it will no longer be available at retail, the new Kinect adapter for Windows is already on sale. And that's $49.99.
Alright.
And I'm still not getting one.
The only, you know, I understand why they are, you know, phasing out the Windows or whatever, combining it all into one.
But I do feel like it's really a bummer that Microsoft never really, you know, they kind of gave up on the Kinect thing.
And I think that's because of all the pushback of it being mandatory included.
But I feel like more people would have bought into it if there was more for it.
And I know that Harmonix made some pretty kickass stuff for it. But, you know, unfortunately, you can kind of count that on one hand, how many games that ends up being.
So, it's kind of sad in a way.
It's a lot sad in a lot of ways.
Yeah. But Kinect still has a lot of purpose. Like, again, you know, like doctors in hospitals where you don't have to actually touch anything.
You can, you know, use your arms. So, that type of technology is kind of neat.
Yeah.
Speaking of my new TV, it doesn't have Kinect technology in it, but it uses like a Wiimote type of thing.
Like one of my remotes, you point at the screen and click. It's kind of crazy.
That's cool.
Interesting where you see that stuff now. Yeah, sure.
Can you introduce a little tangent about the new TV?
Sure, go for it.
When we first booted it up and it makes you accept all of these terms and conditions and stuff, there are all of these services for like voice activation and all that stuff that you opted out of.
Yeah, I guess so that is Kinect type stuff there with the voice.
Yeah, voice recognition, but also like not take it to this place, but like those TVs in your living room that listen to what you say all the time, like not to be tinfoil hat, but I'm pretty sure it's true, but like the, what's it called? The TSA?
The NSA. The spy.
They could tap into that if they wanted to through the TV.
That is kind of, can you unplug that mic? Maybe not. I don't know.
Well, you turned it off in the settings, but yeah.
Okay. Doesn't matter if they still want to use it. I guess they could, right?
Yeah.
But I mean, if they really want to eavesdrop on all our conversations about RuPaul's Drag Race, let them, I guess, right?
I spent half my days doing different podcasts. Everything I say is already on the internet. What else are they going to find?
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates coming to a gaming store near you. Alan, I don't know if you had US release dates available, but I have them if you need them.
Yeah, I was just about to Google it actually because you didn't link me on the thing.
My bad. I'll take care of it for you.
Coming out this week in the US, we have Bastion making its PlayStation 4 debut on April 7th.
Dark Souls 2, the Scholar of the First Sin. This is the PlayStation 4 version of Dark Souls 2.
For those of you guys that Bloodborne is just not enough punishment, you can check out Dark Souls 2 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Atirian Mystery Dungeon on the 3DS on the 7th. On the 8th, Bloodsports TV for Windows and Pokemon Rumble World on the 3DS.
On the 9th, Affordable Space Adventures on the Wii U and I Am Bread for Windows.
And then lastly, on the 10th, a pretty big release for the new Nintendo 3DS, Xenoblade Chronicles 3D.
And that is only playable on the new Nintendo 3DS. That is your US release dates.
Let's go over to Japan and check out what is coming out in Japan.
Hey, Dark Souls 2 getting its Japanese release as well on the 9th this week.
Also coming out in Japan this week, actually that's next week is Dying Light, so sorry about that, I read ahead a little bit.
That's really the only big release on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One this week.
The Wii U has a Monster Hunter premium package coming on the 15th, but that's really it.
PlayStation Vita has a lot going on this week though. X-Blaze Lost Memories comes out this week,
as well as Daisen Ryaku, Exceed 2, and Hanayaka Kana, Waragai Ichizoku Modern Nostalgia comes out this week.
So, lots of Vita games, still a lot of Vita love over there.
And on the Nintendo 3DS this week, Nanko Furaku Sangokuden Remake, Raishi, comes out this week.
And I'm not sure what game this is, because I'm not seeing any screenshots or anything on this,
and the box art is very, very plain, but it sounds like it's a re-release of sorts.
And that is on the 3DS, so that's pretty much your week in Japan. Let's go to Europe.
On the 8th we have Pokmon Rumble World for 3DS, and on the 9th we have I Am Bread for Mac. That's it.
Alright, kind of a slow week around the world, but I think with spring break for a lot of people having been last week,
and then when's Golden Week in Japan? Isn't that coming up? Where there's gonna be...
I think.
It's gonna be low for quite a bit.
Yeah, because everyone will be going home.
That's right. So, things will probably slow down over there for just a little bit ahead of summer.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week.
But first, Alan has a story for us.
Uh, yes. Hold on one second. I want to make sure that I'm gonna talk about the right thing. Yes I am. Okay.
There is a new utility that you can use if you are a Steam user.
I was a little confused when I stumbled across this story, because I thought there was something similar that I know that in chat,
in OLR's chat, we've linked and teased each other about how prodigious our Steam libraries are.
There are 400 games and you've only played 60 of them, or whatever.
That's Ars Technica's Steam gauge experiment, but now there's a new web tool developed by blogger and podcaster Sergei Gayonkin.
He's probably butchering that name.
It's called Steam Spy, and what it does is it scrapes user profiles of your library.
It's stuff that you can access if you know someone's Steam handle. You can go to just steampower.com slash whatever community user and username.
It scans all that, but what you can do though with this is you can track how much a game, like a timeline of how much a game has sold for.
So if I search for a certain game I could be like, oh okay, all of the people, most people seem to buy this game when it's below 15 bucks.
So if that's what everyone else is doing I should wait until it's below 15 bucks as well.
So it's just weird data mining for your Steam library.
Let me see where you can get this thing from.
Now Bobby in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com is pointing out some indie publishers are upset at Steam Spy because it's releasing their financial information,
and for some people that's their personal bank account.
Yeah, I saw a link to a post from, was it Wajit Games or something?
Ed kind of did a post where it was like, well, I've got to deal with this now.
But he kind of took it in good stride that the tool was out there, and it looked like the author of the tool actually wrote a response.
I mean you never know, it's the internet, it could be somebody posing as him.
Actually wrote a response that was like the point of the tool was not for that, to release people's information like that,
but was for more of the analysis and those sorts of things.
I have to admit, as difficult as that is for some of those indie publishers, I'm kind of surprised it took this long.
And some of the onus in a way has to be on Valve for making all that information public.
Can I make my Steam library private and then these numbers would not be accurate because so many people would have their libraries withheld?
I would think could be a way to work around this, but now the damage is done, so to speak.
But I'm kind of surprised it took this long, to be honest, so I don't know.
You were going to get something else you wanted to say on this?
Yeah, I'm sure if you just Google Steam Spy, oh yeah, it's SteamSpy.com.
Yeah, I thought it was SteamSpy.com.
So yeah, you can look up and see how many units of a certain title sold and for how much, which again is just what you were just describing,
why people might not want that information out there.
This is kind of amusing. I'm a data processor for my job and just data mining and having access to just like numbers like that.
I really think it's interesting. I don't really know what type of data model I do with this information,
but I'm amused because when I worked at the Smut place, one of the things that I did as the marketing analyst is if we had a bunch of DVDs in the warehouse.
The listeners may not have known that you used to work with Smut.
Okay, I worked at a place that sold like adult entertainment. I was their marketing nerd.
So basically the driest, most mathematical job you could have at a place about porn.
But it was porn.
Yeah, so like I would say, oh, I used to work at such and such place and people were like, were you in production? Did you meet the models, the actors?
I'm like, no, I did Excel spreadsheets and pivot tables and talked about membership subscription retention rates.
I would basically look for titles that were taking up space in the warehouse that sold less than a certain amount of units per month
and that only sold when it was like for five bucks for a DVD because then we would just like recycle them or put them on sale or give them out free.
Like spend 60 bucks and you get this movie free just to fucking get rid of it.
So that if this were physical product and not all digital licenses, like that's the type of thing that you would use this system for is to figure out what's not selling anymore, get rid of it.
Yeah, or what's selling only at one particular price, maybe kind of kind of interesting.
But I can also see from Bobby's perspective, like, you know, maybe it's not so harmful for the games like EA, which a lot of them are on origin anyway.
But for the indie games that we know are only on Steam, it's kind of like it puts it all out on the table or maybe people didn't want people to know that.
So it's interesting. And Bobby does say you can make your profile private. I didn't even know you can do that.
I wonder if Valve might move to suppress the games list by default now, or maybe they don't give a shit. I don't know.
I think it's going to depend on how the developers react to this, if there's a lot of rabble rabble around this or if there's a resounding meh.
So even right now when I go top 100 games in the last two weeks by player, so it can also track how many people are logged into their Steam account playing a game.
Dota and Counter-Strike, yeah. Team Fortress.
That's number three, yep. And then, oh, and after all that, Skyrim. Skyrim is still...
After all this time. Wow.
It's because, again, the modding community, there's campaigns and stuff being put out for it, just from the player base.
Well, I need to add that to the list of games to play on the new TV.
Yeah. PS3, though. Last gen on a new TV.
It does HD. Calm yourself.
Alright, speaking of HD, I think a lot of you checked this out this week. A Super Mario 64 HD project.
Eric Ross was the creator of this. He made the first level of Mario 64. He made it and put it up on the web for people to check out and play.
And of course, Nintendo sent a cease and desist, because it was missing a few things, but it was still a pretty darn good recreation of Super Mario.
Super Mario 64's worst world in the Unity engine and available to play online.
So he kind of, you know, conceded defeat and said, quote,
In light of Nintendo recently making a deal to release some of their IPs on mobile platforms, it's probably not in their best interest to have a mobile portable version of Mario 64 sitting around.
In any case, I didn't really expect for this project to get so popular and was hoping it would function primarily as an educational tool and a novelty.
Here's the problem, though. Once you put something on the internet, always on the internet. So you can still play this game if you want to look other places.
However, you know, Nintendo pretty much being unapologetic and taking it down, saying,
Nintendo respects the intellectual property rights of others and in turn inspects others to respect ours.
Nintendo is passionate about protecting its creative works developed to entertain its fans and take the necessary steps to remove unauthorized content distributed via the internet.
And a lot of people going, oh, come on, Nintendo, you bastards, it's just one guy, leave the kid alone, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I kind of, like, despite all the shit I've given Nintendo in this episode over the amiibo things, you know, I still do love a lot of the games they put out, and I kind of get it.
They did just put out Mario 64 on Virtual Console this week, and it was kind of one of the key pieces of their Nintendo Direct.
So this whole remake was some real bad timing on the guy's part.
But I also can't help but feel a little bit like, alright, Nintendo, let's have a chat here for a minute.
Virtual Console, that's all fine and good, but one kid did this HD Mario thing that a lot of people would like to see you do to Virtual Console games.
Take the fucking hint, Nintendo.
Now, granted, I realize from a technical perspective, there's a lot of other things at play, like, if you are recreating everything in Unity, then it's not really an emulation and things wouldn't be exact, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So I'll give you all that from a technical perspective. However, surely Nintendo has to see there's a demand for this, and somebody can do it.
It's almost like when I play Axiom Verge, like, even though I love that there's, you know, it has its differences, and there's things about the game that make it unique, there's still a part of me that goes,
you know, Nintendo should just fucking hire this guy to make a new Metroid game in the series. Give him a tiny little team of five people, I bet they could produce something pretty fucking awesome in a couple years.
But just, I guess that's just not the way the world works.
It's a little trickier than that when the boardrooms are involved and so forth.
So, anyhow, Mario 64 HD, no longer easily available out there, thanks to a Nintendo cease and desist.
You know, and I don't have it on the show world tonight, but Nintendo ruffling, you know, more feathers this week on YouTube and the whole Let's Play thing.
I don't know, I feel like Nintendo might need to do something a little extra to really reach out to the community.
I get that they have their directs and the treehouse thing, but I'd like to hear him speak a little more frankly on some of these issues.
I'd like to see Nintendo brave going on a few podcast and fan sites and maybe fan YouTube channels and answering some tough questions.
And making their case for why they're doing what they're doing. I think there could be a lot of benefit in that if they pick the right area.
Let me just throw this out there. Somebody from Nintendo wants to come on OLR, I promise nothing but respectful questions. Very respectful questions.
That doesn't mean they'll be easy questions, but, you know, I'm not going to come from a place of, you fuck everything up, I'm just going to be like, tell us your perspective.
Because a lot of people have this perspective, tell us why we may be incorrect. I'll just throw that out there for what it's worth.
Alright, let's get into the classic game of the week.
I did this one just for Ellen.
I saw.
HD, that's newfangled thing. We're going to go back into the gaming vault when, what's this HD stuff?
Hair dryer?
I'm going to take my 4x3 standard def and it's going to be awesome. 60 inches? How am I going to fit that TV in the house?
Back on that thing is going to be huge.
Dark Soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you should be playing this game this week.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
Half Life 2. Can you believe that it came out on November 16, 2004?
Yes I can.
Well of course Ellen can.
It had 5 year development, took 40 million dollars, and it was also totally leaked before it came out too.
This also is the game, what's really super notable about it, apart from being just really awesome, is that it came out with Steam.
It introduced the source game engine, and because of Steam it was also the first single player game that required online activation.
Yes, and of course when Steam was debuted, digital download license of games was totally undiscovered, unexpl terrain, and everyone was like, what the fuck is this?
Indeed. The game has won 39 Game of the Year awards and Game of the Decade from the 2012 Spike Video Game Awards.
It has sold over 6.5 million copies. By December 3, 2008, not including the number of sales on Steam, by February 9, 2011 it sold over 12 million copies.
And this was a game that everybody was pissing themselves waiting for. Like basically how everyone's pissing themselves right now over winning Half Life 3, they were pissing themselves like this for Half Life 2.
More time has passed from Half Life 2 Episode 2 to now than the original wait from Half Life 1 to Half Life 2.
So it's exponentially pissing. We've gone from gallons to tanks.
But it was a first person shooter. It had your silent protagonist, Gordon Freeman, who they made actually look pretty cute in the box art. I have to say.
It means something about digital glasses. Anyway, it also has the best weapon ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever. The gravity gun.
I just, I want a gravity gun. I created for this tabletop X-Men game, I created someone who had powers like the gravity gun. Because the gravity gun was so awesome.
And Dog. Dog was so cute. I love Dog.
But anyway, rather than going through, of course, you know the entire story behind the game, because if you haven't played it by now, why? I'll put it this way.
I used to, when I was working for the mortgage company I used to work for, I used to just queue up playlists of the whole playthrough of all of Half Life 2 and the episodes to listen at work.
And it was, you could listen to it like radio drama. It was pretty cool. I especially liked the mad Russian guy.
So, without going too much into the game, it's basically aliens are taking over Earth, people are being harvested, everything sucks, and GLaDOS makes announcements over there.
Yes, this is the same lady. And Portal, without Half Life, there wouldn't be Portal. There is Narbacular Drop, whatever. Portal takes place in the same universe.
It does. There's a really good fan video that's Gordon and Chell meeting each other, and fighting off stuff, and signing at each other. Which is just really awesome.
So anyway, it was leaked, well actually let me rewind a little bit. It was, information was released at E3 2003, and they were going to release it in September 2003, but it was delayed because of a crack in Valve's internal network.
And basically, someone pulled a lot of the data out of Half Life 2.
It was just source code, right? It wasn't like assets, it was code.
So, they actually had the FBI in on this. It was a bunch of big drama, but that did delay the game's release.
There was a big trial, and the guy who did it, he was a German guy named Axel Gembe. Is that how you pronounce his name?
But anyway, he stood trial, and basically he got two years probation.
So, this game has been out pretty much on anything that could use the x86-64 processor, like Windows XP Professional, Windows Server 2003, Vista, Windows Server 2008.
And since then it's been updating people who have even gone in and done their own Hi-Res versions of it. Wasn't there an official re-release in Hi-Res?
Well, Valve put out a very shitty, very poorly done Half Life 1 HD thing, and that spawned the whole Half Life Black Mesa project.
Yeah, that was great.
As far as Half Life 2, Valve is still very much updating. They patched in Oculus Rift support officially.
So, they're keeping up with that more than me.
Yeah, so Half Life 2 is still supported by Valve.
Another cool thing for all of you people who say there aren't any good games on Mac. On May 26, 2010, Half Life 2 along with Episode 1 and Episode 2 were released for OS X.
So, you can play them on a Mac, so shut up.
So really, there's not too much bad I can say about it. It was a great, solid game. It did make me motion sick, but a lot of those games make me motion sick.
Half Life and Half Life 2 really set the bar for first-person shooters that weren't simply frag-fest.
Doom had a story, kind of, but it was pretty much get through this level. Live. Live is the plot of Doom.
But Half Life had narrative where that was very seamlessly inserted into the action.
Just a lot of stuff that Valve did, like Alex Vance, the companion that you have in Half Life 2.
She will suggest things to you, but she isn't annoying because a lot of NPCs in computer games will be like,
You should do this. You should do this. And it's like, shut up.
They playtested how she reacts to get that perfect balance of she hangs out in the background, but if you take too long, she says it once.
And she's not really intrusive at all. Just great AI, really.
And I wanted a plushie dog. I want someone to make one for me.
There is an incredible campaign mod called Project Minerva for Half Life 2.
It's incredibly done. It's almost as if Valve did it themselves.
And I believe the guy who did it was hired by Valve and was put to work on either Episode 3 or Half Life 3, but it was where Valve was like,
Okay, this dude is incredible. So if you haven't dusted off, or if it's been a while since you played Half Life 2, dust it off and download Project Minerva.
It's my mod recommendation.
I'd also like to say that there are people who have just done amazing things with the engine.
Source was the backbone of all of Valve's games. Portal 2 is on Source. Left 4 Dead.
And Garry's Mod built on it. Which actually has one of my favorite things ever done in Garry's Mod.
Which is basically them rebuilding the entire last scene of Hypercube.
Oh yeah, because Garry's Mod is used for a lot of machinima.
This is great. And of course we all got, I mean with the Orange Box release, it gave us Team Fortress 2. We got Portal with it.
And Portal itself just has its own.
Yeah, that's a $50 game right there. And it was just a little experiment they threw in.
So, bravo.
Alright.
Half Life 2.
Half Life 2 is your classic game of the week. Half Life 2. Available not just for PC, but consoles.
Thank you.
The Orange Box, which is to this day one of the greatest deals they ever did put out in gaming. Amazing stuff.
Alright, we are going to take a break. When we come back we're going to have forum follow up, rapid fire, FUBA question of the week, and your calls.
And you know what I'm thinking, Alan. I'm thinking what we'll do. It's about 8 o'clock. You got one hour left in the season, right?
Yeah.
Why don't you, during the break, go start your 40.
Alright.
And your rapid fire news we have, we'll just roll it over until you're done.
Okay, and I have them all memorized.
15 minutes to work on it. Alright.
Wish me luck.
Everybody wish Alan luck.
Do the thing.
I'm going to get destroyed and I'm just going to be behind the clock the whole time and I'll fail.
No pressure, but if you come back here and say you failed, we're all going to judge you harshly.
Alan, I won't judge you.
You can do it. You can do it. I believe in you.
Thank you.
Alright. Alan's going to attempt to smash his record in Diablo and possibly what, move into the top 500 in the world?
If he can do it? Maybe even 40? We'll see. We'll have an update for you when we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. We are live tonight on April the 5th of 2015 with episode number 593 of our show already in progress.
A reminder, less than a week from tonight we will be broadcasting live Saturday 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific from the Sacramento Indie Arcade.
We're very excited about that and there may or may not be a show next week. If we are live, it'll probably be a short show.
But you also have another live event to look forward to on VOG in a couple weeks.
Bobby Black Wolf on April 19th from the Atlanta VR Meetup at the new Battle and Brew.
Before the break here live at VOG, we dismissed Alan who's filling in for Loki tonight. Loki is off for the Easter holiday with family.
We dismissed Alan to try to beat his already established one of the top 1000 Witch Doctor Diablo III in the world.
He is currently trying to do the run right now. So our break in studio, I realize in the podcast you have a little bit of a time skip because we do a live break here when we're doing OLR live to run to the restroom, get water, get a snack like I made some popcorn during the break.
So we had about an 8 minute break tonight. So I did eavesdrop on Alan a little bit just to check and see how he's doing.
He was about halfway through the rift when I looked at it and he was running ahead of clock which is where you want to be. You want to make sure you have your bar ahead of the clock bar.
Don't know if it's enough ahead of clock to get the rift guardian but hopefully he can keep it up. We'll see. We'll see.
Because you need a good 2 minutes, minute and a half depending on where his DPS is at to get that rift guardian down at the very end because once you fill the bar, you still have to kill that rift guardian before the clock catches up to you.
So we'll see what happens. We'll have an update here in just a little bit while he finishes up.
Alright, in the meantime, let's get to tonight's forum follow up.
Every week here we like to highlight some of our posts on the forums and if you want to participate in a little bit more of a long forum discussion where other people can also respond to your thoughts and opinions, you can check out our forums over at vognetwork.com slash forums or forums dot vognetwork.com or you just go to the site, click on forums.
It's very easy to find, okay people? And last week, certainly one of the more controversial topics that got brought up. No surprise to me that this was turned into a topic on our forums so I want to read some perspectives now by a couple listeners here that participated in a further discussion on Final Fantasy Diversity which had come up in the mailbag last week.
Critical Myth, who hosts a show called Critical Myth, also on VoG, Monday, Wednesday, Friday afternoons on the network, he starts us off talking about listening to the debate over the decision for Final Fantasy XV to have an all-male cast and a few thoughts came to mind.
First, I think some critics are taking this decision, or at least how it was justified, in isolation. Looking at the last several Final Fantasy games, not counting the MMOs, we have 10 male lead character but diverse cast and a plot which the folly of racism and religious fantasism played a role.
10-2, all playable characters female. 12, male lead character but by far the most popular character from that game was Fran.
7, Crisis Core, all playable characters were male, game critically and commercially praised. 13, female lead character with most popular supporting characters, Fang and Vanille being female as well. Male characters Snow and Hope were widely panned.
13-2, female lead. 13-3, female lead character exclusively. I could dig into each item but it's not really necessary. The data doesn't appear to support the notion that the creative and business side of Square Enix ignores diversity.
What seems to be lost in the discussion is the reality that Final Fantasy XV was originally Final Fantasy XIII versus and it was intended to come out soon after Final Fantasy XIII.
So in essence, one would have the main game helmed by powerful female characters and the supporting game helmed by male characters. The development hell of now Final Fantasy XV makes this seem a lot less balanced, especially when XIII turned into three games.
Also missed is the years-long sentiment that Final Fantasy XIII and its successors were, quote, crappy Final Fantasy games and many outwardly bemoaned Square Enix's decision to put so much emphasis and support behind Lightning.
Sales for the XIII trilogy were not as high as they'd hoped for and the loudest voices from Final Fantasy fandom seemed to say, stop shoving Lightning down our throats. Ignoring that there were tons of fans who enjoyed the characters, I love seeing XIII cosplay, of course.
But if you're Square Enix, what are you hearing and seeing? Lots of fans complaining about the most recent female-fronted games and lower sales. So one could argue that it's not a matter of Square Enix turning a blind eye to diversity, but rather a question of timing and a possible reaction to the negative feedback on the previous three games.
For the record, I personally wish there were more options in Final Fantasy XV, but I wasn't the one writing the story.
There's a response to this post. Let me go ahead and read the response and then I'll get here in studio maybe any reaction either Jamie or I might have to this.
YYR says, I think it's a well-known fact that the internet collectively has a very short memory except when it wants to remember stuff. Final Fantasy as a series is known for having lots of memorable characters and character designs and for representing both genders very well throughout the years.
Anyone who says Squeenix hates diversity based on one single party lineup is simply talking nonsense. Just have a look at the list of the Theatrhythm Final Fantasy characters and how it's all over the map.
At the end of the day, there are some people who just spend their days looking for something to criticize. Haters gonna hate. I wish these people would simply relax, enjoy video games, and trust in the fact that character designers aren't actually trying to offend anyone. Sheesh.
So Processing allowed those two posts. I thought those were very, whether you agree or not, those were very well-stated posts, so thank you very much for that feedback.
I thought what kind of resonated with me the most and made me go, oh yeah, huh, was a critical missed point about the fact that Final Fantasy XV actually started as 13 verses.
So perhaps they were more companion pieces to each other. And I think that's a fair counterpoint to bring into the equation.
And I do agree with the notion that while, you know, I feel like what's happening is that we're not getting the full picture of Final Fantasy XV and that's the problem.
And probably for cultural reasons, the defense of the group that's there is not really been the most eloquent, so to speak, from what's been coming out of the designers so far.
But I want to kind of wait and see what does XV look like as a game completely before we make these decisions.
You know, the demo is really one scene out of what might be a much larger game, so I'm just, I kind of want to just take a wait and see approach in that whole regard.
But yeah, I think Square Enix has done a lot of good stuff and I think you do have to consider, you know, they have presented a lot of strong female characters.
And I know not everybody agrees with me on this and I'm going to really take this a sharp right turn, but since you brought up Final Fantasy XIII, I think that game is shit on unnecessarily by a lot of people.
I think XIII is great. I think XIII II is really good. And one thing that really resonated with me was not just the powerful relationship with, or the powerful character that was Fang, but I kind of got like a romantic vibe thing from Fang and Vanille.
And maybe I was just trying to read into it too much or maybe I wanted that to be there as somebody who like, you know, would like to see more gay relationships and games.
Maybe a little bit, and maybe I'm totally off base, but I kind of saw that as one of like the first gay representations in a Final Fantasy game and that kind of made me excited.
Now some would argue with me, Rob, don't be a pervert, they were just sisters and so forth, but I don't, I don't know. I think you could kind of get a read either way off of that.
Were they sisters?
Well, I meant more of a sisterly bond. I don't think they were actually blood sisters, but you know, like, you know, you're my sister, that type of thing. Sister from another mister, that type of thing.
Okay. Yeah. Because I didn't play it.
Yeah. Oh, it's, it is. And you know what I got to say, you know, and what's funny though, and where I disagree with Critical Myth is I think he says that Snow and Hope are widely panned. I kind of think Vanille was panned too.
But like I said-
Snow wants to be a hero.
Well, yeah. But here's the thing, Vanille, you don't like her at first, but I actually find her to be, if you will fucking sit down and play the game, I find her to be one of the strongest characters by the end of it.
And again, without giving things away for a years old game, but I'll just say, I think the ending of Final Fantasy 13 and something that really hinges on that relationship with Fang and Vanille is one of the strongest that that series has ever produced.
After some really weak endings with Final Fantasy 7 and, you know, some of the other Final Fantasy games didn't have as strong of endings.
So again, I think we really have to wait for the game to come out until we really know. I do think the designers maybe wanted to think through some of those answers and state them a little better than they necessarily did.
But I can't sign on to the fact that Square Enix hates diversity. This is not true. So I agree with that. Jamie, I don't know if you have any follow up thoughts you want to give?
I'm pretty much with that too. I mean, I'd have to say that's a pretty solid argument for diversity, you know, that they do support it.
I just think that, I mean, I don't like the idea of throwing a female character in as a token, you know, but at the same time, it would be, I think, a little difficult to get into an all male cast.
So I mean, there has to be some type of character that's going to be a good representation for the player. I mean, I don't know.
I mean, it's why when I play an MMO, I cannot play a male character. It's why my shepherds are all female, you know. I just, not saying there's a problem with them, I just can't play them.
So I sometimes have trouble with games that, you know, I don't have a choice of, you know, what I'm playing as, or who I'm playing as, which I mean, I guess, I could really go across the board for anybody.
I mean, then we would definitely need more representation. But I'd say that for right now, I think that Square's not doing a bad job.
Yeah. And you know, Square Enix is also the same company that brought us Lara Croft. Yeah, essentially. Now through buyouts and things, they're now the company behind Lara Croft, who's a fantastic female lead.
So you know, again, I just, I find some of the reasoning behind it, like you just kind of go, oh, just, just, just don't talk about it like that.
But I want to see the game and take the game as a whole, because I really feel like a lot of people misjudge 13 from not playing enough of the game.
But I, I also understand that's the reality. The same thing happens with movies. What happens on Netflix if you watch a movie and it doesn't grab you in the first 15 minutes? You turn it off, you're done.
You know, and a lot of people have the same attitudes towards video games. So I can't say like, oh, I don't understand. But I do feel like if you stick with 13, it's great.
Raginator in chat says, Vaughn in Final Fantasy 12 gave off a gay vibe for a lot of people. So it wasn't just Fang. Really? I don't, was that just, but is that like a stereotypes thing?
I just be careful down that path because I didn't get that when I played that. But all right. I mean, everybody reads into things differently. So whatever. Cool.
Uh, but I would say in 12, um, Critical Myth called out that Fran was the most popular character in the game. I would, again, respectfully kind of disagree or offer the counterpoint that, well, yes, Fran was super popular, but I think it was Balthier and Fran's relationship.
They weren't in a romantic thing. It was like a friend relationship that was the really strong point of Final Fantasy 12.
Yeah. And we had a lot of people going in that game.
All right. For the record people, romance can exist without there being sexuality applied to it.
That is true. That is very true. All right. We are going to get into some rapid fire news, but I see walking back into studio, Alan Alchemy's here. Oh, Alan.
If I had made the clock, I would have been back on the show like five minutes ago. I just tweeted a screenshot of my attempt. If you want to link my tweet to the chat room, but yeah, I got the boss to spawn with about a minute and a half left, which was not enough time because it had about 38 billion hit points.
I even had a power pylon stopped. But yeah, if you look at my screenshot, you'll see that I, yeah.
That's still a really good effort though, Alan. Good job. Good job.
Thank you for indulging me.
You're welcome. I also know you would have never let it go if I hadn't. I'm just kidding. He would have.
You know what? I would do Alan's rapid fire stories if you wanted to try again.
No, cause I have to cook. You, you get a stone and then if you beat it in a certain amount of time, you upgrade the stone to the highest point. It would, it would take more time.
Okay. Well I was offering. Yes.
But I did retweet your attempt picture from the OLR account and it looks like, and I was, I don't know if you heard my little update, but I was, I had peaked at where you were at before we came back and I said he's running ahead of clock, but I'm worried he's not going to have enough time for the Rift Guardian.
Yeah. And I felt bad cause I saw that you were behind me, but I was like, I have a tiger. I have a tiger. Cause you, every time you die, there's a time penalty on how long it takes you to respawn.
So by the time the boss spawned, I was already at like 15 or 20 second penalty. So yeah, there was no way I was going to make it. Fun.
Well you did a good job. Good job trying. You still, you still did better than probably anybody else listening to this show for the season.
Yeah. Um, by nine o'clock, my six 29 will probably drop down to like six 80, but I'm fine with that. It'll be on the leaderboards forever for season two.
All right. Proof that I have no life.
Nobody can take that away from you. All right, let's get into some rapid fire news and Alan, if you're ready to go ahead and pick right up with the rapid fire news, go for it.
Yes. Um, so from software, I believe is that they're the company that made, uh, demon souls and all that stuff. Right. The incredibly, yep. They, the incredibly hard, hard punishing, super realistic JRPG,
dungeon, dungeon crawler. Um, they have a new game out called blood born, which I don't think is as, um, punishing as a demon souls, but it's supposed to be, it's, it's on the same level.
It's really fucking hard. Excuse me. Um, well people have noticed that if you leave the game running for a ridiculous amount of time, um, either six hours or 12, let me see.
12 hours. Just leave the game running to find a spot with no enemies. I don't know if it's because of a memory leak or if I don't think the AI scales to make it easier the longer you go without killing something.
Cause the whole point of the game is to punish you for wanting to play it. Um, if you leave the game on for 12 hours, it totally derps the AI to where bosses do stupid shit and some of their special abilities don't trigger.
And it's much, much easier. Uh, I guess the PS4 also supports now the suspend mode while the game is running. And there is some debate on Reddit as to whether or not you can do the 12 hours with the game actually up and running on your TV.
Or if you can just load the game, don't pause it, suspend the PS4, watch Netflix. 12 hours later, all the monsters have been bored. They've been bored into stupidity because your dumb ass is standing there like,
Which hasn't happened to anyone who's ever listened to this show.
Yes. Um, so yeah, that's the thing.
I want to know who left it on for 12 hours.
Yeah.
But again, I've left a whole games of Mass Effect on while I've gone to work and come back.
I have left my Nintendo on overnight on like the Guardian Legend just cause I didn't want to input that stupid password again. So.
Hotline Miami 2, very violent top down action game came out March 11th. There is a super uber collector's edition of it that gets you the soundtrack across three vinyl.
Digital download for the game and then an HQ MP3 digital version of the album.
The collector's edition is $60. It's nice as far as video game collector's editions go.
Like a physical, tangible package. Like the vinyl is neon blue, neon pink, and neon green.
So the vinyls are bright, brightly colored. The sleeve art that the albums come in are gorgeous illustrations of concept art from the game.
Because for those that haven't played it, you have like these animal masks that are kind of scary and creepy.
So really, they're kind of Lisa Frankish because Hotline Miami's whole aesthetic.
Like when you pause the game in Hotline Miami 2, it looks like a VHS menu and it has like the VHS tracking and all that stuff.
So the aesthetic, it's kind of Lisa Frank to be honest. So if you want this, they have just put out their last pressing of it.
Which makes me think by the time stories like this come out that say you better buy it now, it's probably already sold out.
But it's at store.iam8bit.com, collector's edition of Hotline Miami 2, $60.
If you've got a record player or you just want them because they're pretty and you like albums, buy it.
Because I believe that once this is gone, they aren't making any more.
Which also reminds me, some Korean or Japanese play arts or whatever type company is doing a giant Alistair from Dragon Age.
You have to pre-order it. It's expensive though. It's like $150, $160. He's big though.
I'd rather have Charis.
Yeah.
But Alistair, I don't know. He's pretty cute.
Alistair's a cutie.
Rob gave me this quickfire story because of Chris Hardwick, who would be my husband in a different life.
Excuse me?
Well, he's straight, so you have nothing to worry about.
He is the Nerdist Network.
I'll cut him.
I know that we talk about indie podcasts here. Nerdist is the antithesis of that.
Chris Hardwick, to his credit, is one of the first people to really create an empire of podcasting.
They do have gaming podcasts on the Nerdist Network. I just don't know what it's called.
All joking with your crush and everything aside, I really can't hate on Chris Hardwick.
If you took that celebrity and started it from the ground up, good for you. He's done a lot of good stuff.
He did a great job with BlizzCon this last year. I can't hate. I can't hate.
I even singled out back in the day. I really did.
The point of this story is that, on the Nerdist YouTube channel, Jessica Chobot?
What's her name?
Oh, her.
Yeah, the Diana Allers or whatever from Mass Effect 3. The character that everyone...
She got a lot of really disgusting sexist remarks made because she voiced a very bad character
that shouldn't have been in the game, but it also had her likeness, so she caught a lot of flack for that.
She has Nerdist News, which is basically nerd pop culture, sometimes gaming, sometimes gadgets.
A pilot from the YouTube show that she hosts, the sci-fi channel, that's S-Y-S-Y,
has picked up a pilot of the Nerdist News with her. So, congrats.
Gaming content possibly back on TV again?
Well, it does say here that it's going to be the whole umbrella of geeky, nerdy, ComiCon cosplay.
BBC USA has had a Nerdist... It's basically like a podcast episode, but it's like an interview, but it's on TV.
Is Talking Dead a Nerdist thing, or is that more of an AMC?
No, that's AMC. The Nerdist empire was bought... Chris Hardwick is still the CEO, and he has full creative control, I think,
but it was bought by some production company. Whoever put out the Batman movies...
Legendary.
Legendary, yeah. They bought Nerdist, so Chris Hardwick has millions of dollars.
So, through that, he does the post-discussion show on AMC.
Gotcha.
Alright, I'm going to move on in the interest of rapid-fire news, but I do want to point out that Bobby is saying in chat
he wasn't the first, really. I mean, Leo Laporte created Twit before I even started podcasting.
We weren't going when that happened.
Maybe it's just a matter of scale.
I don't know. Twit was kind of a pretty big deal back in the day, but I think it might also just be about generations.
I don't mean literally the age generation, but I just mean the generations of podcasting, because when Twit first started,
I don't even think that podcasting was really a thing yet, but that's something they got into a little later.
Anyway, all of that aside, and there's certainly other networks as well, like Jay and Silent Bob has all that stuff.
I listen to podcasts on the Maximum Fun Network. Throwing shade. It's gay and feminist news.
Oh, yeah. I know another one, Pride 48. It's a lot of that type of stuff. I have some friends that are involved with that.
Anyway, moving on to some other news. Speaking of productions and so forth, PlayStation Underground has come back.
PlayStation Underground used to be a video magazine and demo discs that Sony did in the late 90s, but PlayStation Underground is back.
It's an online show about video games that you can watch on the YouTube, where they play for a little bit and then all that stuff.
Harmonix in the first episode of the new PlayStation Underground, where they are all playing Amplitude.
I don't know if this was taped at PAX or around PAX, but that certainly came into play here for the return of PlayStation Underground.
We always like to see those old brands come back. Always fun.
Speaking of old coming back, Retroism announcing five games for Steam on April 1st.
Now, I don't know if this is April Fool's, but I didn't hear anything like a follow-up about this being fake.
I will just say kind of a grain of salt type of thing, but I have no reason to believe this isn't legit.
There are MicroProse games coming to Steam. Some old MicroProse games, including F19 Stealth Fighter.
That's really aw- and that was like an epic plane game back in the day, so there you go.
That's pretty cool that that is coming back.
And lastly, Binding of Isaac Rebirth coming on the 3DS, Wii U, and Xbox One.
I'm hearing that this is another game that will require the new Nintendo 3DS.
I found it interesting that this was not doable on the old 3DS, but I guess with the added oomph behind the new 3DS, they are going to do the Binding of Isaac on the new 3DS.
And of course, if you haven't played this game, it's interesting, various types of stuff.
Also a little difficult.
It's a little disturbing, and it is kind of hard, but it is a rogue-like game.
Like, Smash TV plays nothing like it.
It plays a little bit like it. It's kind of like a Zelda Smash hybrid.
It's like Zelda Smash TV.
Yeah, kind of like that. But then with really strange poop and other jokes. Anyway, there you go.
So, Binding of Isaac on Wii U, 3DS, and Xbox One.
DarkSaga, what do you have for us?
Silent Hills!
Yeah, so basically, Kojima Productions has been removed off of Silent Hills.
But basically, the reason being is that it's no longer a...
What's the word they called it?
It's not a studio-based thing.
It's a headquarters-based organization for Konami.
So, Kojima Productions isn't listed as a studio.
And that's the only update they have to share.
It makes me want to go play the P.T. again and cry.
And other news, and this is actually a little happier.
Skullgirls is, of course, on PS4, and you should be able to play with your PS3 opponents.
So, cross-platform is going to work, and it's going to be awesome.
And then, last but not least, this is what's made me the most excited about everything ever.
Is that they have released different assets for Hivebent.
Not Hivebent, but Hiveswap.
Hiveswap was a particular story arc in Homestuck.
Hiveswap is the Homestuck point-and-click RPG.
And it's looking pretty cool.
There is a video out right now that starts with how the beginning of the game looks.
And it's pretty old-school, pretty simple 3D.
But it looks like it's going to be a lot of fun, especially if you were already a fan of Homestuck.
And one thing on the assets page that I thought was really cool is that there are the fan trolls
who people played a lot of money on the Kickstarter to get their fan trolls into the actual webcomic.
It looks like their fan trolls are going to be included in the game.
So, if you pay that much money, I'm glad you get more than seeing your characters for one panel,
and then immediately get vaporized the next panel.
Well done.
So, basically, they're going to have a whole bunch of new trolls.
About 250 new trolls that they've made.
And the game is supposed to be out hopefully this year.
Yay.
And this is a PC-only game?
Hold on. I think it's PC and Mac.
Oh, okay.
Released through Steam.
Maybe Linux too, then, if it's through Steam.
Yep.
But no consoles. It's a computer game.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's move on to the FUGO Question of the Week, everybody.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and Google Plus communities.
You slam those words together and you get FUGO.
Since it was April Fools this week, we thought it would be appropriate to ask an April Fools-based question.
What's a good gaming-related prank that you've played on someone or had someone play on you?
So, let's get to some of our answers.
We didn't get a lot of answers this week.
There's not a lot of pranksters out there in the world, but I'll read what we did get.
Bryce H. replied and said,
One time my friend was showing me how far he got on Pokmon Red.
He handed me the game and told me to start it up.
I hit New Game and started over instead of hitting Continue.
I then saved over his old file and told him that it was at the beginning and not where he told me.
He got really mad and upset.
I feel terrible for doing it and I haven't done a prank since.
Was that intentional, though, or did you, like, really not know?
Cause that's...
Oh, that's too bad if you, like, really didn't know.
But if you did it on purpose, you're a jerk.
Uh, Generajot, not really.
I mean, it happens.
Generajotny says,
I mentioned one that BioWare pulled on players during Hoard House, Rob. Plug plug.
Of course, I'll always take a plug for Hoard House Wednesday night.
It's also at VOG Network.
As for my April Fools pranks,
I have my friend's account suspended on Dark Age of Camelot for citing ludicrous vulgar lyrics in general chat.
Since then, he's never trusted me with his username and passwords for MMOs.
Oh, yeah, don't give that info out to people, even if they're your friends,
cause they might turn it around and use it against you someday and you don't want that.
I think we got one answer over on Google+, so I want to read that.
From Rettertainment that says,
The best satirical news story I ever wrote was Valiant Soldier,
and I'm surprised I could still find this since I posted it on 1UP.com.
And he actually linked us to an article there where he talks about a console massively multiplayer online role-playing game
where it's a new game called Valiant Soldier.
And he actually kind of, like, wrote it out and thought it out.
And, uh, yeah, actually got some comments here.
Some people have believed it.
That's funny that that's all still working, though, 1UP.
I think I had a 1UP page, like, way back in the day.
But, uh, I didn't even think that site was still up and running.
That's kind of funny.
Any epic pranks here in studio that you can think of?
I don't know. I don't know if we have pranksters among us.
But any that have been pulled on you or that you pulled on somebody else?
I think all those were, like, that you pulled on somebody else.
But what about one that was pulled on you or either?
Game-related pranks? I'm blanking. I don't really have anything for this.
I'm sure there's something.
I've lied about sequels getting made to get somebody really excited
and then be like, just kidding.
But now everybody's gonna think I'm a jerk.
But it wasn't, in context, it wasn't that bad.
Um, uh, last GamerX when we were playing, uh, Drunken Jenga
at Grandpa's place, um,
I very casually pulled out my phone and said,
uh, hey, Spike, uh, no more Heroes 3 confirmed.
And he was like, what? Because it was his turn.
So I was trying to get him to fuck up Jenga
because I had to go after him and I wanted it to fall
because it was, like, everyone was, like, on their eighth or ninth turn
so the Jenga tower was a mess.
Now that's a good one.
And I said, no more Heroes 3 confirmed for you.
And he was like, what? And I'm like, no, I'm lying.
So I'm a bad person for getting your hopes up
but also you were supposed to collapse the tower.
That's a good one.
Our pal Spike from GameBooey.org.
I remember joking about buying a certain house
and now it's happening.
Joke's on me.
Mortgage ain't no joke.
Fifth Dream says, these aren't pranks.
These are dick moves. You know?
There's a fine line there. There's a fine line there.
I think what you did, Alan, what you did is funny.
I mean, it's just for, like, two seconds
in the context of having a little bit to drink
and, you know, playing a game.
Now there's the girl slumber party pranks that are always fun.
Like, you know, the person that falls asleep,
you take their bra, you dip it in orange juice
and throw it in the freezer.
Why would you do that? I never did that growing up.
How many girl slumber parties did you go to?
One.
I'm just kidding.
No. You know, we would do stupid stuff like that.
But one of my favorites, though, was when we,
this was the one time I'd ever been to camp
and it was like this Christian camp thing
and there was this one counselor who was just a bitch to everybody.
Just a bitch.
So we took packets of salt and sugar
and we put it all in her underwear drawer.
So she was walking around picking at her situation.
Why do all the strangest fucking weird fucked up kids stories
come out of like fucking Bible camp?
What is up with that?
I was twelve.
Alright. Anyhow.
SSJ100Matt reminding us,
the giggling lesbians prank from OLR many years ago was great.
The debut of Roberta Roberts.
Oh man, if you can find that episode,
that was pretty fucking great.
Because we actually had, you know, they've moved since then,
but the OLR lesbians, as they were called and embraced that name,
Megsy and Chris were here in studio and so we did a joke,
like April 1st podcast, which was the giggling lesbian gaming show.
But the joke was, because somebody had actually like called us that
in an iTunes review at like some point.
So we actually were like, alright, then let's just fucking do it
if they're gonna call us that.
So we did like a giggling lesbians gaming show.
And it was me, but then the best was low key.
Refused to do like a voice.
So we just all had to play along with it. It was great.
If you can find that, if I could find it,
maybe I'll ask very nicely for Jason to put it on YouTube
if I can find the MP3 somewhere so you guys can still hear it today.
But that was some good shit.
Rob, I would be a giggling lesbian for you.
Would you? Oh, that's the nicest thing anyone said to me.
April fools.
Alright, let's get back into some gaming news
because we want to get to your calls.
We're running really late, so we want to get to some calls
before it's past people's bedtime.
So Alan, take us away.
There really isn't much to say for this story.
Sony said they were closing PlayStation Home.
The weird sort of Xbox Live avatar collectible competition thing
crossed with a weird watered-down Second Life.
They said that was going to be shut down on March 31st.
And it did, and they did, and it was.
Nobody really knew what it was for,
aside from the fact, like on Xbox Live,
you have the custom t-shirts and the items that your little dude can have.
It was supposed to be like that.
You had to decorate your room.
You had an OLR little clubhouse or something.
Yeah.
But otherwise, no one cared.
Sony didn't care.
The user base didn't care.
It's gone. Bye.
Yeah.
It is kind of too bad that that happened and it disappeared
because there was so much potential there, I think,
that was never really fully realized.
And I kind of think...
And I got into this a little more in depth on Hoard House,
so I won't repeat myself too bad here,
but I do just want to say
one thing that always kind of bugged me about home
was that it wasn't as instantaneous
as it probably should have been for an experience like that.
The way they pitched it was that you were going to turn on your PlayStation
and there you are.
You're in home.
And then you can do these.
And it would be like the central hub
for essentially a crossbar replacement at some point.
But it just never functioned that way.
And it was such a slog when you'd move from area to area.
Didn't it always have to update for like 10 minutes
every time you tried to use it?
Yeah, yeah.
Because all the new assets they added.
But then you had to pull that stuff down.
Now there was a rabid community that really liked it
and really kind of made the best use of the crayons
that they were given in the box.
And I did see some pretty impressive stuff
that was put together in home.
It's just a bummer that Sony never really fully realized
I think home's full potential.
Some theorizing maybe home could come back
like on the Morpheus or something someday.
I don't know.
I kind of feel like what's done is done,
but you never know.
You never know.
But they still supported it more than the Microsoft Xbox Game Room.
Why do you have to just like twist the knife?
It was going to make you so salty if I said that.
Such a dick move.
I had to say that.
Ugh.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on with some more news.
I'm going to talk about...
Actually, somebody is telling me
they're going to Dropbox me that file right now,
so I'm actually closing Dropbox
because if my thing downloads while the show's going,
it might kick all the listeners.
So sorry about that.
Got a little distracted.
Although I appreciate that the file's been found.
Let's talk about Dragon Quest Heroes 2.
That's right.
It's a thing.
Dragon Quest Heroes 2 was announced this week.
It is going to happen for PlayStation 3,
PlayStation 4, and PlayStation Vita.
This is after the game is launched in Japan already in February.
The sequel was confirmed.
Some folks thought that maybe it was an April Fool's joke
because it launched April 1st,
but no, this is actually going to happen.
So very cool.
No release date.
We'll hear one at E3.
That'd be a pretty cruel April Fool's joke to say,
hey, this game that's coming to Japan,
you're going to get April Fool's.
Mother 3's coming out.
Can you imagine?
How bad would people hate Reggie if that happened?
Nintendo Direct.
Mother 3's coming out.
April Fool's.
It's just Lucas and Smash Brothers.
That would be stabbity stabbity.
Kind of.
Not that we would advocate that for real,
but in our heads, we'd be very, very, very mad.
All right, moving on.
Dark Saga.
Well, if it ever freaking loads.
Well, let me say this comment real quick in our chat room
over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says,
the Japanese version of home was more fun,
had a lot more props from events stuffed in my virtual apartment there.
So something to think about that in other regions they had more things.
Well, in ill-advised activities in the UK,
there was a school district that issued letters to parents
warning that those who allow their children to play 18-plus games,
that they may report it to the police and social care for neglect.
The letter itself, I mean, this is seriously so ill-advised.
I'm loading the letter so I can tell people what some of it says.
But basically, it was used as a sort of a blunt tool
to get a message across that they are basically horrified
by some of the things that children are allowed to watch
that they think is not appropriate to their age.
And that they have it hard.
That their point is there to help these children grow,
get their minds, teach them the things that they need to know for life.
And that they think that the children are being taught things
that are counterproductive to that in the home by playing games like this.
I think it's up to me what my kid watches.
But I understand that some parents are really, really ignorant to this stuff
and you always hear the story about the parent that wants to buy the game
for the kid in GameStop, and then the GameStop employee has to,
per their policy, say, you know this game has XYZ, right?
And like, what? What the hell are you trying to get me to buy you?
Unfortunately, a lot of parents haven't taken the time to educate themselves.
Well, Eurogamer had a big expos on this.
But there is this part of this I want to read that was from the Eurogamer article.
This letter, this thread, it is a bit clumsy, but teachers have tried.
I've seen in our newsletter, it's coming to our attention that lots of children
are playing games that are perhaps inappropriate for them.
Please be sure to check any games your child plays are appropriate.
Teachers have tried that.
The dialogue has been attempted and had limited success.
The teachers haven't started with threats.
This is a last ditch, albeit clumsy, attempt to try and change things
because it is having a detrimental effect on some children.
Now, one of the later things also said in this from the Eurogamer article,
my message to Eurogamer readers is this, help educate.
Don't just sneer at teachers who are trying to get the message out there.
If you've got relatives who don't play games but have kids,
let them know Minecraft is fantastic and exciting.
Don't let them play online unsupervised because that could potentially be playing with strangers.
Tell them there are loads of iPad games that are fantastic,
but some that are really frightening like Five Nights at Freddy's.
I know eight-year-olds who have beaten that game.
Help teachers.
Help us make sure kids get to enjoy games as they should be enjoyed.
Five Nights at Freddy's doesn't have any violent imagery.
It's like jump scares and murder stories.
It's the screamers.
Well, in the 8-bit scenes, it has some kind of questionable things,
but I think children of a certain age could probably,
I don't know how young I'd go.
I don't know if I'd go as low as eight,
but children of a certain age could probably play at mine.
But then again, that's up to me as a parent and nobody else, I think, for my hypothetical kid.
Here's actually what part of the letter says.
We need to inform you all of the actions we are advised to take and why.
If your child is allowed to have inappropriate access to any game
or associated product that is designated 18+,
we are advised to contact the police and children's social care as it is neglectful.
Access to these games or to some social media sites, such as those above,
increases early sexualized behavior, sometimes harmful in children,
and leaves them vulnerable to grooming for sexual exploitation or extreme violence.
Okay.
It's still up to the parents, but I understand, you know, their concern for the kids.
I mean, it's been proven, you know, exposure to violence doesn't necessarily make one violent.
But at the same time, kids will mimic a lot of stuff that they see around them,
just thinking it's fun, you know.
Yeah. I mean, I get if you want to educate parents about, you know,
these things that they may not be aware of that they should be aware of.
You know, and they used to do this thing whenever there's like a toy or, you know,
just things, you know, they want to warn people about or maybe even a movie or whatever.
I get that. But at the end of the day, it's up to the parents.
So, like, you can't really threaten to call the police just because the parents let the kid play an M-rated game
if they knew what they were going to let that kid do. You know what I mean?
Yeah.
And there's people who absolutely do not understand the rating system whatsoever.
And that's the thing I think that there needs to be a lot more education.
But, you know, game companies, while they are required to have these ratings on there,
they're not required to make it obvious what those ratings mean.
And sometimes I think that there are companies out there who will actually prey on the ignorance of their, you know, buyer base.
I've always said I think the game rating should mirror the movie ratings.
Everybody knows the movie ratings. Why doesn't everybody know the game ratings? Because it's different.
Are they in Europe?
They might over there. I'm sorry. I don't know. But over here, I can only really speak to that.
But I always said for over here.
Bobby with an interesting follow-up to that. Bobby Blackwolf in our chat at live.vognetwork.com says,
I like the comment from the teacher who wrote to Eurogamer about the mom who is so proud of her eight-year-old
for being great at Call of Duty because it was an 18.
She thought that the number meant the difficulty of the game was represented on the box, not the content.
She was like, it's made for people who are at least 18, but my eight-year-old is great at it. I'm so proud of him.
Oh god, that reminds me of board games, right? Like how board games have the recommended ages on it?
As silly as that sounds, it's not outside the complete realm of logic because board games we had growing up
would say ages 7 to 10.
Or you confuse the age with how many people you need to play.
Crazy.
Okay, so it is the British Board of Film Classification has also rated some video games.
So that's where some of that comes in.
Interesting.
Alright, well we could probably go a lot deeper on this, but for time I'm going to go ahead and move on to the next story.
But if you have some feedback, especially if you're living over there and maybe know some people or the culture a little better,
participate at orangelaungeradio.com. Alan.
So those of us that play Final Fantasy XIV are familiar with the sublegar armor, which is very skimpy,
kind of S&M, weird sort of strappy straps, bikini, weird chest harness.
Mantis.
Mantis.
For the male characters as well as the females, so the objectification is on equal footing.
Well, a similar costume design was debuted, I think it was last summer when Square, Squeenix put out the trailer for,
I believe it's Mebius Final Fantasy. Let me double check that name.
It's like the mobile one they're doing, right?
Yeah, it's like a big budget mobile game that's like, it's a standalone original Final Fantasy campaign game.
It's not a free-to-play thing. This game is terrible, so I don't want to compare it too much.
But Mass Effect Infiltrator was a game that you just paid a flat rate for and it had, you know, model.
I'm with you, yeah.
So when they premiered the protagonist, the dude bro gamergate contingent of the internet,
did not appreciate how the guy looked. There were lots of, this guy's too bishonen for me, too androgynous as a man or a woman.
Have you ever played a Final Fantasy game?
Yeah, I don't want to play as this. I mean, Kuja from Final Fantasy IX, I mean, come on.
So, and he was wearing this very like ab showing, like crotch, hip hugger jeans, like just very weird, flamboyant.
Now you know how women feel.
Yes.
Now you know how women feel every single day.
Oh no, you can't tell that to a meninist.
I'm just, the hypocrisy just blows my fucking mind.
So there was lots of vitriol on the internet about how this character needs to be butched up and made more dude bro.
Oh my god, I can't.
I know, it's awful.
I literally can't.
It's awful, like what the fuck is he wearing? I can't tell if it's a dude or not. Just really gross stuff.
Well, Square was like, we will take this feedback into account and they, when they premiered more footage of the game,
the costume issues with like all the bare skin and the abs, they covered it up. They basically said, okay, we'll put some clothes on him.
Well, now the, you know, for every action, there's an equal and opposite reaction.
Now people are saying, no, we want to see him in the skimpy sub-legard.
We want sluts.
Yeah.
We want sluts.
Keep him as pretty as possible, lip gloss, eyelashes, just make him beautiful, Victoria's Secret.
And do not put him in a pair of Osh Kosh B'Gosh coveralls, you know, in like a trench coat.
We want to see bikini adventurer realness.
So now Square is saying if enough fans say, no, we prefer the original concept better than they said that they will bring back the skimpy outfit.
How about, and by the way, I don't know if you caught this, but something similar happened in Final Fantasy 15.
There was no like uproar or anything, but somebody noticed that the, the, the costumes of one of the characters in 15, which is again, I'll do bros.
One of them got a little more covered up from original concept art in versus to, to the demo that's out there.
Here's my, how about Call Me Crazy? How about Choice?
How about, how about just, how about have both costumes in the game and you can just pick, do you like A or B?
You know, it's like, I can pick what color my text box is, so.
And also this game has a job system and it was the Onion Knight outfit in particular that was so risque and not glaringly heterosexual looking.
So if, depending on your play style, just play Dragoon or White Mage or whatever has its own costume.
If Onion Knight makes you question, you know, deep things about yourself.
That's, that's part of why 14 is so great as an MMO.
And even, you know, to give wow credit and a lot of other games credit too, but especially 14, you know, objectifies the men and the women equally.
And with thanks to Glamour, you can wear, you know, you can have the high end gear, but if you want to run around in mantis, props to you mama.
Like you could do whatever you want.
So, and that's choice. Choice is a good thing in games.
Yes, it is.
All right. Anyhow, moving on.
Let's talk about Quantum Break.
This game probably won't have as many choices because it's going to be a pretty intense narrative, but I'm still looking forward to it.
I'll just be waiting a little bit longer.
Why should I be surprised?
This is Remedy Games, Makers of Alan Wake.
We all know how long that one took.
Well, Quantum Break has announced that, or excuse me, Remedy Games has announced that Quantum Break is being pushed into 2016.
So there you go.
And Creative Director Sam Lake saying, quote, we are very proud to be a part of the amazing lineup of Xbox One.
We thank our fans for their patience and we want them to know that the team takes this opportunity to polish and refine the game to create an entertainment experience out of the ordinary.
So it looks like Halo 5 will be that big holiday release on Xbox One and maybe something else, maybe Crackdown, I guess, will probably come out of E3.
But Quantum Break will not be one of the big Xbox One titles this holiday season.
Maybe next year.
Although I'm looking forward to that TV series as well.
I'm looking forward to playing this, but honestly, I look at this news and I go, eh, I kind of already figured that was going to happen.
How long did Alan Wake take? Like six years?
Not terribly surprised.
Alright, let's go on to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us and participate with the show by emailing us at participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
And Dark Sakura dives into the mailbag and finds some emails worthy of her time and attention here on the show.
Dark Sakura, why don't you suit up in the hazmat suit and dive into the mailbag.
Ew.
Greetings, OLR. It's your friendly neighborhood turtle, Serious Turtle.
Being on the East Coast, I've never been able to call into the show.
Well, I'd like to change that since I've only ever listened to the podcast.
I don't know when in real time you open up the phone lines.
Can you tell me roughly what East Coast time you open up the lines?
So maybe someday soon this turtle can give you guys a call.
Well, right now it's 857 Pacific.
It depends on the night. It really just depends on how long did Bobby's show run over?
When did we actually start? Which, to Bobby's defense, was totally my fault tonight.
Because during our throw over call, I brought up another topic.
I really wanted to talk about the Atari documentary.
We'll talk about that on Bobby's show tonight.
So how late did we start? How much chatter is going on?
Do we have guests in studio?
I mean, part of what I like about doing what we do by our own rules is that we go as long as we want or as short as we want.
We're the ones that set the rules.
There's no time slot that we have to fill exactly yay hours and yay minutes and yay seconds.
And I talk a lot, so when I guest on this show, it's going to be at least four and a half, five hours.
I actually don't blame you.
Tonight we're running long. Tonight we probably won't get to the calls until 12.15 Eastern, which is really late for them.
Usually, I would say, usually we're to calls by 8.40 our time, so 11.40.
So I would say just before midnight.
But I do always, I keep it open to take several calls.
So the call-in segment can go for up to 15 minutes unless, like tonight I'm probably going to keep it really short,
because we're clearly running long as a show tonight.
Some of us got to work tomorrow.
But we'll get to the next email so we can get to calls, because we're almost there.
There's more to this email.
Oh, I'm sorry. I thought that was...
Rob?
My bad. Sorry.
Did I even say who wrote this one?
Why so serious, turtle?
Well, I did.
Why so serious, turtle?
By the way, last episode, Loki made some excellent points about people demanding every video game to have all genders included.
I'm in complete agreement. Not every game needs every gender.
It's up to the developers and what they think is best for their game.
And as we consumers don't need to buy their games if we don't want to.
So kudos to Loki, but also maybe a salad.
I've been getting more concerned with each show that Loki shows up with some greasy fart food,
which means I've been concerned for about 10 years straight.
Jamie, make that dude eat something green and shamrock shakes don't count.
You're loyal, turtle and filly, serious turtle.
Just tell Nelly to make him eat something green.
Nelly's his wife. It's up to Nelly.
According to her Facebook, if there isn't meat in something, he won't eat it.
Like if you made eggplant parm loaded with cheese, right? Loki's not having it, according to Nelly.
Eggplant's so good, though. Anyway.
We'll pass the message along to Loki, or he's listening right now fuming. Who knows?
Hello, OLR crew. The release of Halo Online was surely a bit puzzling for a lot of people, including most of the Russians.
Why on earth would you just release a new game in one of the most popular series in a place like Russia?
Just to be clear, Halo franchise is not very popular here. We didn't even get Halo 3.
And console gaming is just starting to get popular. PC was dominant gaming platform for a long time here.
The answer is a combination of a few factors, though.
The developer of Halo Online is Saber Interactive, a Russian development studio that had a prior experience with Halo franchise.
Halo franchise is a F2P PC game, both of which is very popular here.
Plus, the audience is more tolerant to buggy launches, experimental features, and is much cheaper to advertise to.
At the same time, the user base is large enough to gather meaningful test data.
And developers being natives helps. It is much easier to scout for feedback, and the loop is much tighter that way.
As Halo franchise is not very popular here to begin with, there is no risk to diminish the sales of main titles in which the series, I also heard Halo 5, is around the corner.
And of course, if developer will be able to sustain the market demand, and if the game will be profitable, it will surely spread to other territories, probably with altered monetization policies to accommodate the local market.
Your long-time Russian listener, who always means to write a feedback email, and then forgets, and this never does, 13x forever.
And actually, when I said last week, I know we have listeners in Russia, this particular one came to mind, because I see them on Twitter occasionally, so I'm glad he chimed in with that perspective.
I did want to mention, we don't usually solicit messages this way, but, you know, I gotta get with the times, I guess.
Because we got a message on our Facebook account from one of our listeners, Wayne, who actually messaged us to say, kind of like a similar perspective, wondering why Halo Online is getting a Russian release.
Usually, the free-to-play variants of games only get released where there is massive piracy, such as Russia, Korea, and China.
So the only way to make money is to release a game for free with microtransactions.
The games themselves are typically not that great, as they just contain random maps from some of the other games in the series, slightly altered for that region.
I just thought that was an interesting other perspective there from one of our other listeners.
Great. Last email.
Yep.
Hi, OLR. I just wanted to share a somewhat scary story from this morning.
Like other PSVita owners, I heard about the false advertising lawsuit that had been won against Sony regarding the capabilities of the PSVita pre-launch.
For those who didn't know, first-generation adopters are being offered a settlement package in the form of $25 cash or PSN voucher.
I received an email this morning from this email address, and it was a Vita legal offer at PlayStationVita.us.com claiming to be the firm offering the settlement terms.
The email informed me about the settlement and informed me to click a link in the email in order to file my claim.
Like an idiot, I did, and it took me to a strangely barren login screen, and it gave us the full address.
It was vitaclaims.com slash account login slash tabid slash 68, a bunch of other stuff.
Confused as to why I would need a login and what login it was looking for, I assumed it was linked to my PSN account, so yes, for the record, I am a moron.
I visited a Reddit page regarding this email, and apparently many other Vita owners received the same email.
The general consensus was that it was likely a scam, and as a safety measure, I went on my PSN account and changed my password immediately.
Just wanted to pass on a word of caution. Love the show, been listening for 10 years, and it is the best part of my Monday. Best Tonic Vision.
Thank you for that email, that's very kind. Yeah, look out for people that I think there is nothing wrong with raising that red flag of suspicion.
You know, anytime, and this happens a lot, I see us in the Blizzard community a lot, whenever Blizzard announces, we're going to be doing a beta for Overwatch.
Suddenly, you know, shady people are going to send out an email blast that's, login here to get your beta access for Overwatch, and it's a site that's set up to steal your login information.
So, you have every right to be suspicious, be careful what links you click from emails, always go to websites directly where you can.
But, I will say this, it happens, you did the right thing by changing your password, I'm sure you caught everything in time, so, at least you realized.
So well done, that's it.
Yep, alright. Great emails tonight, thank you everybody.
Participate at Orangelaunchradio.com if you want your feedback considered for next week.
Let's get to the FUs of the week, it's time to get a little bit angsty here on the show. Why?
Cause, rawr, that's why.
FU to the Slingering Cough, and to Illness in My Family again.
I'll say my FU real quick, my FU goes to stress, cause I had a lot of it last week, especially towards the end of last week, and it caused me to fall behind on some other projects I need to stay on top of.
I just, man, there's so much more I wanted to get accomplished this year, and I even left a big project of mine behind, and it's like, I still feel like I'm treading water.
Ah, oh well, it'll all work out in the end.
Uh, FU to Beamstick, um, I'm glad I'm over it, but that was a really rough week.
And then, money, and the fact that I did get a two day weekend, but it was split.
And having to go back home tomorrow.
Gotcha. Alright.
There it is, the FUs of the week. Just a couple more stories for you guys, and then we're gonna open up the Skype line quickly for some calls tonight.
Um, because we're running a little long here, it's already after midnight on the east coast, nine here on the west coast.
I'm not gonna keep it open very long, if nobody participates, then I'll just chalk it up to the fact that it's Easter, and we have a lot of, we probably have a lower turnout.
We have to, we have to get Ronma in.
If he calls, he may not, if he has nothing to say, he has nothing to say, we'll see.
Uh, we're just about there though, first we have two more stories for you.
Really quick, um, on my Tumblr mobile app, and on Facebook, I keep seeing Kate Upton, who is a very, uh, built model.
She was in that, uh, Cameron Diaz movie, or whatever, it's kinda like First Wives Club.
She's in this campaign for, uh, Game of War Fire Age, which is like a mobile multiplayer strategy game that I've never heard of.
I'm so annoyed by that ad, I always see it.
Yeah, um, they debuted it on the Super Bowl, obviously very expensive to pay her for this, she made a ton of money, it's a nationwide campaign.
Um, just, when I think of like big, big mobile games, I think of like Candy Crush, or whatever, microtransactions, Bejeweled, Peggle, all that stuff.
Um, there are game companies that have these well-produced, you know, with great soundtracks, great graphics, all this stuff.
Console and PC gamers, like, we don't really give a shit about this game. Um, so, maybe it's good.
The point is that ever since they've debuted that Kate Upton campaign, and I think there are three or four different, um, ads that she's in, that game is making a million dollars a day in microtransactions.
So there's a whole world out there of people who play. Well, I think a couple months ago we had the story about how Kim Kardashian's game makes, what, three million a month?
Yeah, yeah. So yeah, so it's like, what is this game? And she's very pretty, but why is she all over my Facebook sidebar?
That game is making a million dollars a day in like 99 cent, $2.99 bullshit. That's all.
Alright, wow. I'm surprised and I'm not surprised, because they really shove that game in your face everywhere you turn.
But part of me is kind of like, I'm not checking it out for that reason. You're not the boss of me, you can't tell me what to do, Kate Upton, you have no power over me.
Because, I mean, if we tried it out, and it's like, oh, this is really good.
No, I haven't heard it's good though. That's not what I've heard. Uh oh, crash bang, you alright?
Yeah, I was just standing up.
Alright, little mic fail. Alright. Anyhow, one more story here about Mortal Kombat X, which is just around the corner.
Mortal Kombat X, you're actually going to be able to try the DLC characters before you buy them.
Mortal Kombat X DLC characters will be available in the challenge towers mode.
Through the challenge towers mode, you may get to play some of the DLC characters.
This was something that Ed Boon had talked about to Angry Joe, one of those YouTubers out there, saying that the challenge towers are called the living towers.
And every time you turn the game on, there's going to be three towers in the living towers section.
One changes every hour, one changes every day, and one is called the premiere tower, which is like an event tower.
So for instance, if Jason comes along, you're going to have a Jason tower that you play as Jason.
And you can even use that tower if you didn't purchase Jason.
So it's really cool, it gives the players a taste of what the character is, and what it's like to play them.
So, I mean, I guess that's kind of cool, but at the same time, it just kind of reinforces the fact that you're already going to be downloading and paying for these characters.
You just, it's pay to unlock at this point.
Yeah.
And that's a little bit frustrating, especially considering how expensive these characters are.
I got to say, too, speaking about Mortal Kombat X, I don't know if this is what you were going to say.
Yeah, you got a demo of some of the fatalities, and I think we've hit Rob's limit of computerized gore.
Yeah, Shane came over this week and was like,
Rob, you should see all the fatalities in Mortal Kombat X, because you got to check this out,
because I know you're not a big fan of all this violence and gore stuff, and you may have some feelings about this.
When you see this. So I watched it, and I have to admit, I was like, okay, this is starting to get a bit much.
Like, it's almost too much.
Some of them really are stupid, like Goro had one, and I'm like, that's dumb.
But like, and even Tiger Claw is putting it in chat right now, have you seen Jax's Fatality in Mortal Kombat X and links it to us?
With the ashtray?
It was disgusting! That was really bad.
Where he puts out the cigarette?
Like, it was funny, okay, it was funny when he did the arm rip, and then they had like the littler arms, that was funny.
That looked like the Kristen Wiig character on Saturday Night Live, that was funny.
Tiny hands.
Yeah, the tiny hands, that part was funny, but then like the whole like, I'm gonna like rip open his face and then use their mouth as an ashtray type of thing.
I'm sorry if that grosses you out, but think how I felt watching it.
I was like, alright, and I turned into my mother.
I really did. I was like, Shane, that's so gross! Why would you show me that? That's so gross!
And I like heard my mother coming out of there and it scared me.
If you were to try to bring her over, like I wouldn't be comfortable showing her that game, it's too much.
Where it's like Mileena's, you know, weird face eating thing in the remake.
Mortal Kombat 2, that shit was funny, like Katana giving a kiss and they turn into a balloon.
That shit was funny, it was cartoon.
Oh my god, Rob, what is this?
Have you seen these fatalities from Mortal Kombat X?
No.
Okay, maybe after the show I'll show you one, but I don't know, you gotta get home, but it's gross.
It is sick. This is sick people.
I hear your mother. I totally hear your mother now.
Anyway.
I like your mom. I want to see you play that game. I want to be over when you play it with your mom.
Honestly guys, I think Alan's right. I don't think I can show it to her. I think it's too much.
I wouldn't be comfortable.
It's beyond funny at this point.
Is it really that bad?
It's really bad, Jamie. It's really bad. Did you hear me describing the Jax fatality?
No, I had to go to the bathroom. That was pretty gross.
Jax rips off some of the arm and like...
He shoves them in so they have little stubby arms.
That's funny. So if it ended there I'd be like, okay, that's funny.
It looks like the Kristen Wiig character in Saturday Night Live.
But then he takes their head, rips off the top half.
Like a pest dispenser.
So you see like the jaw hanging and all the teeth and he takes his cigar and puts it out in their...
Right? Jamie just made a face.
That's actually kind of funny, but...
No, it's disgusting. You have problems.
You want to know what disgusting is? Look up the Viking Eagle punishment.
I don't even want to know. I don't even want to know.
Goro has one where he takes a fist and he bonks them on the head so their head gets shoved down into their torso,
which is not how the human body works, but I know it's a video game.
So now they're shoulders with no head and then he takes his hand and he puts it on their stomach
and then he rips the flesh off their stomach so that you can see the face of the head that he just bonked down.
That's pretty funny.
Yeah, a lot of them are just stupid.
I don't know. Anyway, I'm getting gross just thinking about it.
Tigerclaw's like, I'll tweet you the Jax fatality so you can see it.
Look at the listener. The listeners care about you, DarkSakura.
Alright. 1877 GameOLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
The phones are open now if you have anything you'd like me to discuss or you want to discuss,
I want to bring it up for Jamie or Allen who, by the way, I should say, I'm going to go ahead and get this out of the way now.
I'll watch this shit live.
Since I know. Are you going to watch it here live?
Sure. I'm getting it linked too.
Alright. So DarkSakura's bringing it up.
Is this? I noticed this is a link on GiffyCat. Is it a video or a gif?
I don't know. It's trying to load.
Because I would play the music here in studio if it's a video. Oh, it's just a gif.
Okay.
So, it's, yeah, there's no audio here.
That's okay.
Are you watching it?
Yeah.
So disgusting.
Why isn't his tongue flipping it more?
Okay, that wasn't, that was just stupid.
Akuma JP in chat says, Aunt Sakura, look, look.
That's stupid.
Look at what I can do.
It's just stupid.
1877 Game OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
And I kept thinking, that's not proper anatomy.
It's a little more realistic than it usually looks.
They get a little closer with each and every iteration, I will say that.
Let me go to our Twitter at twitter.com slash OLR.
Marcus Boy tweeting us at OLR saying,
Buying a super rare amiibo is how you will demonstrate you truly love me.
Potential best OLR quote of the night.
Aw, thank you.
The sad thing about that, that's something I actually said in real life to Alan.
So, that wasn't even a quote from the show.
That's just a quote from living with us.
So, there you go.
Which, by the way, if you, I guess I didn't really say this at some point in the show,
but I just assume most of you know.
But Alan is my longtime partner, so, you know, just in the interest of disclosure.
I don't want to be accused of collusion.
Oh, he's only a host because, you know.
Anyway.
What, DarkSora, are you going to say something?
No.
No, okay.
Let's get to the phones.
We have one person trying to get in here, so let me see if I can get it right now.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Raginator.
Hey, Raginator, what's up?
Not a whole lot.
So, this is somewhat of a question, somewhat of a plug.
Go for it.
I happen to be on VOG's Steam Community page earlier today,
and I happen to know that you had a somewhat older enhancement on there regarding Beat Hazard.
And I was wondering, do you guys still try to play Beat Hazard as a community?
You're cutting out a little bit.
I'm going to cut you off just for a minute while the connection tries to fix itself a little bit
because you're cutting out a bit.
But I think I got out of the question is, do we still play Beat Hazard on Steam?
I did put like a little directions, like, oh, here's how you can actually listen to the voice of geeks network
in Beat Hazard because you're allowed to connect to the stream.
Actually, I do still play Beat Hazard, but funny enough, I kind of find that it's more on the iPad that I play it.
And I know that's not Steam, but when I'm on an airplane, Raginator,
when I'm on an airplane and that's like the easiest thing for me to do,
I actually find that that's a great game for me to play in those situations.
So, anyway, let's see if the connection is better.
You had a second thought there?
Yeah, I was going to ask, I happen to notice that there was some DLC available for Beat Hazard.
I think he enables online multiplayer or something like that.
I was going to ask if it's worth the five bucks to get that DLC or not.
It's been so long since I touched it.
I don't know if I own that or not because I've never played multiplayer in that game,
but I'll have to look into that.
Let me get back to you on that, Raginator, because I know there was some type of DLC that I downloaded.
I thought it was like gold or something. It was called like Ultimate, and I did download that.
But I haven't tried out any of the multiplayer or any of that.
One last thing before I do want to go and try to get more calls.
I happen to find a free game giveaway, a Steam game, and I'm about to link it in chat any second now.
I like free.
It's a game called Steam Hack.
They're giving away the game again. This is a second time they're giving away.
I've had it for a while and haven't tried it out yet, but it's a free game, so might as well grab it if you can.
You can't go wrong with a free game.
You can't be free unless it's going to be shoving microtransactions in your face.
Unless it's yours.
Raginator, my friend, we're going to let you go to try and squeeze in some more calls, but a good plug for the Steam community.
Sometimes we forget it's there, but Raginator is there and ready to play games with you.
Go look him up on Steam community.
Alright, you have a good one.
You too, my friend. Take care.
Yep.
Sadly, we lost the live listeners at some point in there.
That connection thing, I don't know if there was a hiccup on the East Coast or something, because suddenly his call got weird and then we lost the show.
And that wasn't us. That was our provider.
But anyway, hopefully some of our live listeners are back and we do have time.
I can squeeze in at least one or two more calls if you want to try and get through.
Otherwise, we will wrap things up tonight.
But I did want to say, I'll look at Twitter here, see if you've got any other tweets.
I did want to say, Alan, you did a fantastic job tonight filling in as a host, prepping your stories and all that good stuff.
So thank you very much.
And I'm not just saying that. I really mean it.
So good job.
Thank you.
I don't know if any listeners want to pass along some advice or compliments or what have you.
I will point out that 13XForever or 13CrossForever also passed along the Steam Spy website saying a service that shows quite accurate stats on Steam games might be very helpful for indies.
And then YYR was tweeting us about some of the new Street Pass Me Plaza games.
I think feeling that some of them were kind of overlooked.
That we didn't really notice them out of the press conferences.
I did notice them though.
But yeah, there was kind of so much information that came out of that Nintendo Direct that you might have missed those Street Pass games if you weren't looking for them.
But I have to admit, they don't look as cool as like the gardening game.
I can't believe I'm saying the gardening game.
But yeah, I'm not feeling it from the fishing game.
But I suppose if they have a demo or something, maybe I'll try it and change my opinion at that point.
Alright.
And SSG100Matt saying, Alan always does a great job.
William Murderface saying, insert collusion joke.
Yes, we know, we know.
Alright.
Well, sadly, I'm guessing because of the internet hiccup for some reason, it doesn't look like other people are trying to call in.
We're running way late.
So I'm going to go ahead and pull things up off Skype here and start to wrap up for the night.
If you have further thoughts you want to get in on a future week, you can always tweet us.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
Email us is great too.
Participate at orangelonsready.com.
Or if you want to start a discussion and get other people involved too, I encourage you, I urge you to check out the forums at vognetwork.com.
It's now time to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
I will say as I say every week though.
Thank you very much for tuning in and supporting Independent Radio.
It's really appreciated.
You know, we don't have, we're not the Nerdist or Twit or Kevin Smith or any of those things.
You know, we are just, you know, three people in a spare bedroom or really more like a living room type thing.
Just doing something that we really love doing, talking about games every week.
And with all the crazy stuff that goes on out there, we just try to keep it positive.
We're fairly critical, but we try to be overall positive.
We love games at the end of the day.
And I got into this pretty heavy.
I guess I will mention this.
I did get into this really, really heavy on Hoard House this week.
So if you haven't heard this week's Hoard House, I definitely left you all a very personal, very deep message on that show.
After an incident that really affected me this week.
So I will give that out there.
Anyhow, it's time to go around and get everybody's final thoughts for the night.
Alan, once again, great job.
I know you don't have anything to plug, but do you have a final thought?
The final thought is that both you and I, I guess, are kind of on diets.
No one cares about the details.
But for dinner tonight, I'm making the super extra creamy mac and cheese.
And it's going to be so fucking good.
Oh, yeah. Well, it's Easter.
You know what? I was a good boy this morning and so forth.
Yes, I've lost a whole four pounds on this diet so far.
Woohoo! But it's something. It's something.
My final thought is mac and cheese is delicious.
It is delicious.
And I'm going to eat it, but I'm just not going to eat as much as I used to.
That's the trick. That's the diet in a nutshell.
Eat what you want, but don't eat as much of it.
My final thought tonight.
I need to incorporate more exercise into what I'm doing now.
So I'm going to hope to do more walking in the next week.
I'll let you all know how that goes.
And tune in Saturday for the Sac Indie Arcade.
We're really excited about that.
Look forward to hanging out with Brianna and Gabriel and the whole crew
and meeting lots of new people.
I have a really good feeling we're going to meet a lot of developers
that are going to want to come on this show and pitch their game.
And I'm excited for all of you to hear it.
Because we like to have diverse people here in studio talking about games.
So it'll be fun.
Dark Soccer, last but not least, your final thought tonight.
I really want a burrito, but it's not kosher for Passover.
Is tomorrow still Passover? How long is Passover?
Seven days, yo.
Oh my gosh.
We need to Passover Passover.
Why do you think I always get pissed off that my birthday is during Passover?
Not this year.
So you are having a cake.
I'm having pizza.
Orgasmica.
I know.
You're still coming, right?
I don't see why not.
Yeah, I'm free that Saturday.
Okay.
Pizza orgasmica.
He may work, but I should be available.
Dan might be available, actually.
Oh goodie, another Dan, Rob, and Jamie trip.
I can see it now driving through Vacaville.
Dan!
Pizza.
Nut tree.
The sign's gone.
I know, I heard the sign.
Sadness.
The legendary nut tree sign is no more.
Those in Northern California will understand.
He knows the nut tree right now.
The shopping center nut tree.
Fenton's.
Krispy Kreme.
Is it really?
I'm gonna die it.
So?
I don't care.
Just have one donut instead of two.
I'll have one super cheesecake crunch donut.
That's it.
I got nothing.
We're out of here.
Have a great week, everybody.
We will see you at the Sac Indie Arcade and maybe a short show in seven days.
We're gonna try to work that out.
So hopefully see you in a week.
Good night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific,
9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching.
