Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, the EFF is arguing that video gamers should be free to make use of games even after the publisher pulls the plug, but the ESA wants to let sleeping dogs lie.
We'll explain more and get your feedback on this and the rest of the week's news, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live with episode number 594 of our show for this April the 19th of 2015.
Welcome back. We missed you last week. We're back after a week off.
We were off last week due to our live coverage last Saturday of the Sacramento Indie Arcade Gaming Expo.
We'll talk a little more about that and kind of debrief on what went down with all that in our live broadcast.
But first, I've got to go around and introduce everybody here in studio.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, so you can join us live and participate with the show over at live.vognetwork.com.
We tape at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, vognetwork.com.
Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Very awesome Bobby Black Wolf show tonight.
He was live at the Battle and Brew in the Atlanta area, covering the Atlanta VR Meetup.
He had a lot of VR guests on tonight, so good job for Bobby.
There's a lot of live stuff going on at VOG this week.
Anyway, here in studio, live in studio, my name is Rob Roberts.
You can follow me on Twitter at SKIE.
And joining me, as always, is the birthday girl.
Hello, Dark Sakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
Old as balls.
Oh, come on now.
You are fortunate enough. Today, and it is actually today, is Dark Sakura's birthday.
So, I would sing, but thankfully, and to spare everybody out there, that song is copyright, so I can't sing it on the podcast.
But you share a birthday with Tim Curry.
Yes, I do.
Now, Tim Curry is at least twice your age, so you can't say you're old as balls.
He's older than balls.
I'm at least as old as balls.
Actually, we haven't seen Tim Curry in a long time, and I heard he had a stroke, so I hope he's doing okay and recovering okay.
Fingers crossed. I would love to see him acting again someday.
But we were celebrating your birthday yesterday by going out to the city, and we went to this kind of tradition for you, right?
Tell us a little bit about what we went to in San Francisco.
Well, we went to Sakura Matsuri in Nihonmachi, and it was really busy, so I don't think we got to do too much there, other than look at stuff.
I did, however, pick up my Dragon Age Inquisition art book yesterday, which makes me super, super happy, and I practically devoured it last night.
And I haven't really played a lot a lot of the game, but even I was kind of looking over your shoulder going, ooh, that's pretty.
I'll bring it over for an actual full-on look-through.
But I just, yesterday was so much fun. Going to Pizza Orgasmica was fun, because, oh my god, that was such good pizza.
And even though I don't like fruity-flavored beers, the Raspberry Hefeweizen was really good there.
There is no better way to celebrate a birthday than with a little bit of booze, if you're over 21, and some pizza.
Yes. But Pizza Orgasmica, I will go on record saying, is the best pizza I have had in the entirety of San Francisco.
It's on Clement Street. Find it. Eat there.
It's right in the middle of, it's not Chinatown, but it's kind of adjacent.
Yeah.
Yeah. That's a nice little part of town. Lots of cool stores. We found that store that had all the Japanese toys that were, like, huge.
Yeah.
The store was amazing.
I have never seen so much Ultraman and Kamen Rider in one place. And Gojira. Gojira.
And then, what else did, we went and hung out on that hill by Grandpa's condo.
And we hung out with Grandpa for a little bit. That was nice. It was a fun surprise.
And for those that don't know, that is not an actual Grandpa. That's our pal Grandpa from the Hoard House Podcast, as well as Starboard Power Coupling, also on the network.
Thank you, Dungeon Buster. That's nice. I leveled up today.
I'm also, so what I've gotten in loot so far is my Dragon Age book, pizza from Rob, pink fairy from Shane, all the Mortal Kombat fatalities, which is really awesome.
I also have my Apple Watch that I get next month. Yes.
I have, I put it all in my Tumblr. Crap. A house!
Oh yeah, you got your house.
We're buying a house!
You had to, you ducked out of the Sack in the Arcade thing just because you had to conflict. You had to take care of house stuff. But that was like the actual day that you were...
We did our inspection, our two of our inspections that day, and then the appraisal was Monday.
Nice.
So, it was just like going up ten levels an adult. And my boss at work was like, what happens if you've bought three houses? I was like, that makes you the dungeon boss.
Well now, I know you're saying you're old as balls, but I like the way they're phrasing it in chat. You've leveled up. You're going to be taking on harder, stronger monsters.
It's my wriggling day.
In the future.
And by the way, sj100matt says that Tim Curry seems to be doing alright.
Oh good, that's good to hear.
But yeah, I've, they weren't easy fatalities. I actually did a couple of them because Shane was having some issues pulling a couple of them off because of the instructions given.
Yeah, we'll talk about Mortal Kombat X in a little bit.
Oh Rob, you were so funny.
I was here for that too. We'll talk about that in a little bit.
You were definitely channeling your mother.
But I have to introduce, I can let him sit quiet no longer. Say hello everybody to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
Hi Loki, how are you doing?
I'm tired.
Tired? I feel like it's been forever since you've been here in the studio because you had the Easter stuff two weeks ago and then you were, you know, none of us were here last week. So, you're back. Welcome back.
Yeah, I'm just tired. It's been a rough week just with kids being sick and stuff.
Oh no.
Even like just most of this week's been catching up on sleep and then like, I don't know, like my stomach's not entirely great right now because I'm not that hungry.
I think it's because yesterday I was worried that I was like, had the same stomach flu that my son had earlier in the week but I didn't, so I didn't eat anything yesterday.
And so I didn't eat much this morning either. Now, because of that, I can't eat as much as I'd want to, I guess, if that makes sense. I have to be careful.
So that's why I'm having mac and cheese.
And yes, I saw you went to Dicky's Barbecue Pit. Hooray.
Yeah, they did it forever for like mac and cheese.
Because that's like making my son's lunch for tomorrow and he's had some mac and cheese. I'm like, oh, that looks really good. I should go get mac and cheese. So that's why I did.
So anyway, what was I going to ask you about? The Sac Indie Arcade Expo. You were there and did you have a good time?
I had fun.
Yeah, it was a neat show. It was so cool to be broadcasting live for the first time in God knows how long for us. I mean, obviously we do live every week, but I'm talking about like from location.
Yeah, from like another venue or something. We hardly ever do that. So it was a great opportunity.
So had some awesome guests on during the live part. We had the executive director of the IGDA came on our show and that was amazing.
We got to talk to her for about 20 minutes or so. And it was great. And we got to broadcast all the panels that were going on. It was great.
It worked pretty good.
I know there were some tech issues in the beginning. We started a little bit late and then we were having some dropouts as the day was going on.
So just to quickly explain what happened for those of you guys that were trying to stick with us throughout the day, which I do really appreciate.
The venue that we were in is actually was next door to the cafe and the venue that we were in was an all concrete building, apparently.
So Wi-Fi signal didn't travel too well through that. So they actually tried to and bless their hearts, the owners of those places, because they really bent over backwards to try to accommodate things on the fly.
So I don't think there's enough people out there that really appreciate people that will problem solve for you on a heartbeat, but they were really trying.
So they ran their router to a completely different place where they actually ran it inside the building we were at so we could barely reach it and get a signal.
So we were able to stay up most of the day, but we still was dropping occasionally here and there.
Yeah, it's just a matter of trying to find some more ethernet cable. Unfortunately, none of the stores nearby had more ethernet cable, so it was just, you know, we're stuck.
And it was just like, you know, the morning leaving, I was like, what should I bring cord-wise? I'm like, I should bring this 25-foot ethernet cable.
Should I bring all 50? Nah, I probably won't need all 50. I should have brought all 50. Oh well. You learn.
Well, did you see any, like, games out there or get to play anything?
Yeah, there was some pretty awesome stuff. There was the, was it Monsters and Monocles? That was pretty awesome. I got to check that out.
I got to try the Oculus Rift for the first time, so that was pretty fun. Still want to get one, just don't have a rig to run it on yet.
So once I get that, then sure I'll pick one up, but I had to buy a computer for that first, you know, because it won't run very well on my laptop.
Now I was going to say, tell us a little bit about your first Oculus Rift experience, because this is kind of a big deal.
And Bobby was convinced you were going to hate it, but...
Why do you think I was going to hate it?
I don't know, because you hate everything.
I don't hate everything. Why do I hate everything?
I don't know.
Why would I hate...
It's your persona. It's your role.
It's not my persona. It's like, so not my persona. I don't understand where this is coming from.
No, but I got the, you know, it was okay. You know, the first game I played was this motorcycle VR game that they had there that someone, the devs was working on.
And that was okay. You know, it was an alright game.
And then I got to check out some tech demo, which I don't remember the name of, but I actually had looked it up at one time.
And that was pretty sweet. Just, you know, really kind of like, ooh, that's really cool.
So I got to try that, and I tried one of the...
I can't tell if they were both 2s, or one of them was a 1 and one's a 2, but one of them was a devco2, and they had a Leap Motion attached to the front of it.
That's the thing that does, like, the hand tracking or whatever.
And so you could actually put your hands out in front of your face, and it looked like your hands.
Like, it literally mapped perfectly to your hands. Like, there was complete immersion in that sense.
The only problem was, there was a way to move around. There was zombies, like, spinning around my head and stuff.
It was just kind of neat to, like, put it on and look around and stuff, because the demo wasn't quite working well.
So that was pretty cool. What was it? There's, like, the Vector Grand Prix game or something like that. Vector Prix?
Yeah, that's what it's called. Vector Prix.
Yeah, Vector Prix looked pretty awesome. There was some other dungeon crawler game. I don't really know what that was.
The Monsters and Monocles?
No, not that one. That was really cool. But, no, I was talking about the other ones.
Like, a 3D dungeon thing where they had a bow and arrow. I don't remember what it was called, but that looked pretty cool.
I don't know. I tried to check out a lot of it. But it was a good time.
Awesome. Alright, well, touching on last week's news a little bit, I want to cover some of the things we missed while we were gone last week.
And we'll probably have some of this peppered in a little bit throughout the show later on, too.
Touch on some of the big, big stuff that we missed last week.
But last week, oh, and of course, if I do last week's news, I have to set it to Holic, right?
So let's do the news we missed last week. Last week's news set to Holic.
Last week, Project X Zone 2 or Project Cross Zone 2 is confirmed to be coming to the 3DS.
So a lot of people looking forward to the sequel to that one.
Xenoblade Chronicles X is going to have paid DLC expansion quests. That'll be cool.
Also, Splatoon explained themselves on why they were lacking voice chat in the game.
And essentially, it's to keep some of the people that would get on there and say questionable things away from younger children.
It's kind of what you would have thought.
Team Ninja is apparently developing the next Dissida Final Fantasy game. That's pretty interesting.
And the Furious 7 cars from Forza Horizon 2's standalone expansion are coming to the main game as paid DLC.
There is a Need for Speed movie sequel in the works. I guess it's going to be set in China or have some type of Chinese twist.
And also, speaking of movies, this is pretty big. Five Nights at Freddy's has a movie in the works at Warner Brothers.
Yeah.
It was only a matter of time. And you know what? I think it's awesome.
You know what? Good for him. That's from Indie to like massive success story. That's awesome.
And then lastly, Lego Dimensions was revealed with a trailer and a release date.
That is pretty awesome.
This is Lego's answer to Skylanders, Disney Infinity. Yes, they want a piece of the crazy Beanie Baby toy expansion for games. Pie as well.
But see, they made the critical difference that my complaint with the whole Skylanders and Disney Infinity and even Amiibo part of it is,
what functionality is there beyond just a piece of shit that sits on some sort of sensor that you use it in the game?
Well, you build the sets and the Lego figures, you can move them around and stuff and actually play with them as Lego figures.
So bravo to them for figuring out that, hey, that would be nice to have some functionality on that.
Plus, you probably play the Lego games more than anybody here.
Yeah, I do. Well, at least my son does. I seriously looked at the other day, he's got at least over 100 hours in Lego Marvel Super Heroes.
Nice.
Well, there's some of last week's news. We're going to get into this week's news here in just a moment.
But first, we're going to go around the room and check out, how was your gaming week?
And tell us a little bit about the video games that you've been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It was kind of not. I mean, I played, we had a little bit of Mortal Kombat last night that I did two fatalities.
But I had headaches, that's why I didn't actually want to play any.
I've played some Dragon Age Inquisition because I'm still working on Jaws of Hakkon.
And I was going to play some Final Fantasy, but I took a nap instead.
And the puzzle thing on the 3DS, I did some of that too.
We did a lot of street passing yesterday and I got some people from new regions, which was nice, and lots of puzzle pieces.
And yeah, that's about it. Oh yeah, Dan, we have more neat toys in our house now.
Dan got this converter box so that we could hook up some of our component game equipment.
So he was playing some Midnight Resistance last night.
Which, it's kind of interesting seeing a game that's supposed to use the rotary joystick on a hand-held, you know, not hand-held, but an analog pad.
So it was just sort of interesting watching him play through Midnight Resistance.
And I still think that the big fire blaster gun thing, the flamethrower, just looks like a big fiery dildo.
And then we played some R-Type. We have a new power-based converter for our Genesis so that you can play Master System games, but this one enables the FM chip.
Which, just about anybody over here has probably, unless you've got an imported power-based converter or one of the Master Systems with the FM sound in it, you've probably never heard the soundtrack the way they were meant to.
In fact, the FM chip is supposed to provide you more channels of sound than the Genesis had in it, so actually music can sound a lot better for the Master System games than their Genesis counterparts. So, that's it.
Alright, some fun little playing around.
I think it's nine channel for the FM chip.
Kind of reminds me about how, if you can find a Famicom, you can get that extra sound channel as well, which actually enhances soundtracks to, I think, Kid Icarus has a very prominent different soundtrack.
Castlevania 3.
Castlevania 3, that's one of those ones.
But it's a very kind of rare thing. You can't exactly mod an old NES to do it.
Legend of Zelda.
But I'm sure people figured it out with emulators and stuff, how to get the extra channel.
Yeah, but I mean, you can actually get, I think it's an add-on for the upright NES.
Oh really?
I'd have to find it again, but for anyone who's a big Sega fan though, it's well worth your 70 bucks to get the FM power-based converter.
I'm kind of surprised these modern day consoles, now that all the patents are expiring and we have things like the Retron, for example, I'm surprised they don't put that in there. Maybe they do, and I'm just not aware.
Sorry, I think some of them do. I'm just still tired from this.
You need a nap on your birthday.
I already took a nap.
Well, I think a lot of them do because of the fact that they do play the Japanese carts and everything.
Oh, okay. I didn't know that.
I mean, that'd be my guess, unless they're just poorly emulated.
Maybe somebody out there who's an owner in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com can let us know.
For the record, Dungeon Buster says, wow, the Master System version of R-Type.
For the record, the Master System version of R-Type is actually one of the better home versions of that game.
Especially, you play it with the FM thing and the music is just amazing in it.
But for an 8-bit game, it's really good.
It was definitely better than some of the other shooters that were on the NES at the time.
True.
Also in our chatroom, DarkTetsuya says, well, Kid Icarus and Metroid were on disc originally.
But yeah, they sounded better on the JP Famicom due to the extra sound hardware stuff.
Yeah, I know about the whole disc expansion thing they had in Japan that we didn't have here.
So it is always weird when I see that version of Kid Icarus or Metroid and see the character select screen like you would see in Zelda.
Kind of had that here because that's when they started bringing the battery packs over here.
So it's really weird to see that.
But on the other hand, if you think about it, because we got the password system instead.
The Japanese version missed out on things like Justin Bailey, terror, danger, horror, exclamation point.
I think that's what it was.
You know, all those silly little passwords and things.
Icarus defeats Medusa Angels.
Yeah, all that stuff.
And then you can flip it and put Medusa defeats Icarus Angels and it's like totally hard.
Silly things like that.
So I guess a little bit of a trade-off.
A little bit of a trade-off.
Rastiel UT-
Icarus fights Medusa Angels.
That's it. Rastiel UT in chat confirms the Retron 5 does support FM and VRC audio.
Well, there you go. The more you know, the little star there.
Okay, if that's it for Dark Sakura, then Loki, how was your gaming week?
Honestly, like I said, it mostly was trying to catch up on sleep.
I worked on my game.
I was going to say, you did a lot of work on your games.
You were working on it the day of the event and then you, I saw a YouTube of yours go up this week, right?
That you actually have like a three stage or two, two or three stage look at it?
It's sort of three, yeah.
Yeah, so I've been working on my game.
I'm working on the section of the game where the title of the stage is Deliver the Cats.
And so basically it's the part of the game where it introduces the fact that you have a cannon on your car that fires cats out of it.
And so you have to shoot cats at houses and that's it.
Am I going to have to call PETA on your game?
No, it's silly. They don't get hurt.
They're imaginary cats.
They're just really stupid looking cats.
I mean, it's like the 3D model. I did it myself.
Thank you very much.
And they have no eyes.
It's just very low poly, very just basic looking.
And it's silly. The whole thing is silly because, you know, a lot of it's my son's.
Loki games? Silly? Get out.
No, I've got ideas. We haven't even brushed the surface of it yet.
This game is just going to get weirder and weirder.
Oh, you finally revealed the name. We can actually say the name, right?
Yes, Time to Car.
It's Time to Car.
Yes, it's Time to Car.
That's awesome.
Yes, so I've just been working on that part.
Like I said, it's been really slow going just because I've been so exhausted at home.
Like, I can't think about stuff once I get home and just want to sleep.
So, yeah, unfortunately I haven't really played anything because, once again, I've been tired.
Or I've just been mentally just shut off so I've been watching YouTube videos or Let's Plays.
There's this one guy I was watching do some Let's Plays of, I don't even remember what it was now.
There was some VR coaster game and some other shit. I don't remember. I just wasted a lot of time.
But mainly just working on that 3D cat model and I'm finished with it.
And so I was writing the script today to randomize the way the cat looks when it comes out of the cannon.
And then I got to make them so they hop around a little bit and after a short period of time,
instead of making them just disappear on the screen, they get a jetpack and fly off into space.
That's how they disappear from the game. Because that makes perfect sense, of course.
It must be a Loki game.
It was my kid's idea.
Love it. Alright, if that's it for your gaming week, then I'll go to my gaming week.
I played some things here and there. At the Sac Indie Arcade House, I got to get my hands on some of those indie games.
VectorPre, who the author was telling me is on Steam Greenlight and could use some votes.
So I would encourage you all, if you have Steam installed, go check that out.
VectorPre, see if you like it and if you do, give it a thumbs up.
It has some very Vectrex inspired graphics and that's what really caught my eye.
The designer got the fading right in the game, so it looks really good and pretty colorful.
It's obviously in color where Vectrex wouldn't be, but I like that kind of inspiration with it.
And then that Monsters and Monocles game, I'm hoping we can get that dev on the show in the next few weeks.
That was a lot of fun.
Just checking that out as well.
Finally got to play Gabe's game. He was here a few weeks ago.
Got to play Crumple, which I know his demo is up on Desura.
And that was fun. I like that because that game doesn't really tell you what to do.
It's one of those games where you're like, okay, it's going to be a platformer, but the layers start peeling back.
And there's new mechanics and there's new things you never knew an envelope could do.
So kudos to you guys, Gabe, and Nascent Games on Crumple. It's looking great so far.
So yeah, I got to play that stuff there.
Did he have his other game there? Because I remember he said that he was going to have Crumple there, and I thought he was going to have the other game there.
If he did, I missed it.
Yeah, because I missed that too.
So we'll have to get him back on the show and let us play it. That's what we'll have to do.
Luckily we found out he lives five minutes away, so it'll be easy.
Anyway, so other stuff outside of the Gaming Expo this week.
I played a little bit of Titan Souls, which just came out this week on PlayStation 4.
Is it Titan Soul or Titan Souls? I didn't write down the name.
Titan Souls.
I think it's Titan Souls.
Okay, I think, because again, this is one of those games that doesn't give you a lot of explanation, to be honest.
I didn't read a lot about it.
But I think the catch on this game is it's kind of like Shadow of the Colossus in 8-bit.
I think that's kind of what it is, because all you have is this arrow that you shoot, and you can use the square button to kind of bring it back to you.
So it's kind of more like a boomerang.
You shoot the arrow, and then you use the force to bring the arrow back to your hand.
So there's that mechanic.
But all you're doing basically is fighting these gigantic bosses.
The first boss I fought was this big slime thing that would split into smaller slimes, and you'd have to keep attacking the one with the heart.
You try to get five arrows through the heart, and then you kill it and absorb the power.
And then there was another one.
I mean, these are not easy fights either.
It's this big cube that tries to go right at you, but you're trying to get the cube on a pressure point, which will activate the fire in the middle,
which you can then shoot your arrow through to get a flame arrow to hit the cube.
It's just crazy stuff.
Yeah, so kind of inventive. I like that.
But it's 8-bit frustrating, but I mean that as a compliment.
Because, you know, old school Nintendo games, some of them were incredibly frustrating with their difficulty, so they have a little bit of that.
That was honestly like 30 minutes of Titan Souls, so I can't say a whole lot more about that.
But I liked what I played of that so far.
Let's see, what else did I check out on PlayStation 4?
I played a little bit of Mortal Kombat X this week, which I'll talk about a little more in depth later on,
because we're going to have a news story coming up on it later.
But I'll say this kind of overall, because Shane was like,
Oh, guess what we're going to do today?
I'm like, what?
And he's like, I've already cleared this with Jamie, and it's her birthday, so this is going to happen, to paraphrase.
And I was like, alright, he's like, we're going to watch every single fatality in Mortal Kombat X on your new TV.
And I was like, joy, joy and rapture.
It was glorious.
I had to sit down and watch every single fatality in Mortal Kombat X.
And to Kate his ass.
Here's the thing, like, I have loved Mortal Kombat games in the past.
Because, yes, it's a little violent and over the top, but it's just that right amount of cheesy where it's not too serious.
Like, okay, remember Liu Kang's fatality? He would drop an arcade machine on somebody, and that was the fatality.
That shit is funny.
Some of the stuff in Mortal Kombat X is downright terrifying.
Like, who did that fucking fatality where, like, they pulled the eyeballs out of the socket?
Oh, that was right in making him pop out.
It was called the bug eye.
Oh, my God.
And then, like, was it like Sub-Zero or something where somebody would fall on a, and I'm sorry if this is, like, giving anyone the heebie-jeebies.
Spoilers.
What?
Spoilers.
Oh, come on, their fatalities are all over YouTube.
There's another one where, like, I think it's Sub-Zero because he makes, like, a full ice pit and then, like, drops the person on the ice pit.
And, like, their eyeball pops out and is on one of the spikes. Like, that is disgusting. I'm sorry.
Your eyeball fell out.
I like the-
I almost have a thing with eyes because every time the eyes came into play, I was like, woo.
I like the one that Kenshi had with the rotating swords and slicing their face off.
And then I liked the Goro one with pushing it into the stomach and Mileena eating that guy's face.
Yeah. And then, like, okay, so most of them were gross and a little much for me. I'm sorry.
And, yes, I was probably channeling my mom a little bit because I was like, that is gross. That is so gross.
Why? Oh, my God. I got to go to church after seeing that.
But there was one fatality in particular that made me laugh and I liked it a lot.
And I was like, yes, this is classic Mortal Kombat. This is what they all need to be.
And that's the one where Cassie Cage slices off the guy's jaw, which is kind of gross.
But then she takes the selfie and the selfie goes on, like, a social media thing.
And it's not just that, but, like, you see people, like, responding on social media.
Goro. Goro?
Goro keeps commenting Goro. Like, just all this, like, really stupid shit.
And I was like, that. That is the funny shit I want to see more of.
That, I'm sorry, some of it was just, like, a bit much.
And, you know what? Some folks out there are going to totally disagree with me.
And that's fine because things like that, I think, are just simply a matter of taste.
The game itself is pretty fun and plays really well.
And, you know, pretty good fighting game.
But guess what? After some things I found out, I'm not going to buy it.
I am not going to buy the game because I am a little irritated at the fact that
they have characters that are in story mode and they're fully, like, rendered
and available and battleable in story mode.
Yet, these characters don't unlock at all in the game.
And all that data is there on the disc.
But if you want to play as Rain, Baraka, you can either hack your game for one platform,
which we'll talk about a little later on in the show, or your SOL.
And I just kind of, like, I'm a little concerned at how much money Warner Brothers
is trying to probably milk this game for.
So, I'm just like, you know what? I'm going to just wait.
Because there's going to be that inevitable game of the year collection.
Complete edition with a K.
Complete with a K.
Complete edition or extra edition because Mortal Kombat X, right?
There's going to be something.
The extra complete edition.
Yeah, exactly.
So, you know what, y'all? I'm just going to wait for that.
Because whereas the fighting game was good, it was not a hundred plus dollars good.
Isn't Street Fighter V supposed to be coming out soon anyways?
Yeah, and honestly, it's probably going to be a similar thing for Street Fighter V.
But that's a whole other Oprah.
And you're probably wondering, Rob, where do you get a hundred dollars from?
The game is $60.
Okay, and then $30 for DLC, which some of those characters, again, in the game already.
That's four characters for 30 bucks!
And some skins, whatever.
And then you know there's going to be more.
And it's just like, you know what, as fun as the game was and I had a decent enough time with it,
I don't need it that bad right now.
So, but you know what? I'm also not a must-have-every-fighting-game fan.
You know, there's some people out there that love their fighting games as much as maybe I love my MMOs.
I have to try all the MMOs, right?
So somebody out there maybe loves fighting games that much and says,
Rob, you're crazy and you're being stupid and irrational right now.
Then you know what? More power to you. Go for it. Have fun.
But when that Game of the Year edition comes out, don't fucking get mad about it because we all know it's coming.
That's all I'm going to say. We all know it's coming.
So, SSG100Matt says, I'm surprised Warner Brothers didn't charge for blood.
Some of it was blue. I liked the bug lady, actually.
Yeah.
Devorah.
I mean, some of the new characters they put in were pretty neat.
Like the Ferator and Devorah, you know, and I can't even remember their name.
Khun Jin, which yes, I have heard is the first gay character they've put in a Mortal Kombat game, which is cool.
It sounds like they did a great job of just having it be a passing, normal thing about somebody that wasn't a big deal.
It sounds like they did that well.
Takeda's butt was a great addition to his name.
Takeda's actually a fun character to play because he has his whips.
But his butt is the best addition to the game.
Oh, whatever.
So anyway.
I put a picture of it on Facebook. I'll link it in the chatroom.
I will give props to Mortal Kombat for that. I don't want to sound totally negative on this money issue.
Again, I'll buy the game in six to nine months.
I'm just not going to get it right now.
So there you go. That's my thoughts on Mortal Kombat X.
Other than that, a lot of the other same old, same old stuff.
Like Diablo 3. I've been playing Season 3 in that.
I have a Crusader who's hit max level. I think I'm up to like Paragon 50.
Even though Alan said he was taking a break this season, clearly he hasn't.
But I'm okay with that because we're playing together an awful lot, so we're having fun with that.
And then I'm still playing Final Fantasy XIV.
Finally ordered my collector's edition of Heaven's Ward today.
So I'm looking forward to that on June 23rd.
So there you go.
Let's see. We're going to get into some housekeeping real quick and then the news for this week.
Housekeeping. You can follow us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
We're also on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
No shows slated to be off in the coming weeks.
We were originally going to have episode 600 on Memorial Day weekend.
Unfortunately with the kind of unscheduled show off last week
just because all the computer parts are still in pieces and everything.
We were kind of worn out from the day.
That's going to push that back to the week after.
So I don't know if we'll end up actually doing a show on Memorial Day or what we'll do.
But we'll see. I'll keep you all posted on when the big 600th episode is.
That's the only true housekeeping thing I can think of.
Otherwise we're pretty much intending to be here every week.
We will not be going to E3 this year. We talked about that on our previous episode.
VOG Network is focusing on smaller expos this year.
More of the up-and-coming conventions as opposed to E3.
And we talked about our reasons on a previous episode.
So we should be here the weeks that those go on.
Because I think we have to go against one of the press conferences
which we'll be talking about later in the show. So that'll be a lot of fun.
We can get some immediate reactions here in studio.
Alright. Let's get to it. Let's get into the week's news.
Starting off with Loki.
So Activision finally announced Guitar Hero Live
which is going to be the brand new reboot or whatever you want to call it.
Next iteration of Guitar Hero.
And they basically have done a lot of different things to separate it from what it was previously.
So first off, it's going to be coming out I think later this year.
$99 and it's supposed to be on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, as well as PS3, Xbox 360, and Wii U.
With that, they have a brand new guitar controller.
The buttons have been changed a little bit.
So instead of having the row of five colored buttons,
they have now two sets of three buttons that are both one black, one white.
And looks kind of more like a realistic guitar I guess.
And then the gameplay, the main design difference of that is now they have this you are part of the band thing.
So it's a little cheesy because it's just full motion video.
But you're playing full motion video and they have basically two video tracks that are going.
There's one that you suck and one that you're good.
And depending on how you're doing the song, which one plays.
You rapping bad.
I totally thought of Parappa the Rapper. How everything would change.
You rapping awful.
And everybody gets all like kick, punch, it's all in the mind.
And then when you're awesome you're floating in the clouds and stuff.
It totally made me think of Parappa and like a 1994 FMV game.
Like Mega Race or something.
Well and then on top of that, so they have the live mode and stuff.
Because I actually watched the whole conference thing today.
I finally caught up on it.
So they had this 30 minute long presentation.
They talked about how the songs that are in the game, they basically recorded in front of a live audience for all of them.
So all the reactions are live.
And so that's how you know that they're not going to add anything new to that part of the game.
But there's Guitar Hero TV.
Which is this interactive music video thing where basically you have different channels that you can go on.
And the songs are just streaming and you just play them.
And sometimes they'll have new stuff on there.
I got to admit, like okay so Alone, like the first player mode or whatever.
And all that video stuff sounds like I'm with you.
It's cheesy. I'm like okay.
Like friendly nod and smiles.
The Guitar Hero is coming back and they're trying to do something new with it.
But I was like alright that looks kind of cheesy.
But this sounds awesome actually.
The whole like you go on to this network.
Like in other words like MTV is coming back.
Like that's what this seems like to me.
Like we're going to get MTV only now.
And who knew this was what was going to happen is that someday the world would be playing along with MTV.
It's kind of where this is going.
It's so like neat.
Like I love the future.
So it's a neat idea.
I think it's pretty cool.
And the fact that the way they have the frets set up.
I think it's going to be a little bit easier for like me.
Because I was never really a big fan of going beyond like three keys.
But I think it's going to be a little bit easier for me to reach on some of that stuff with this new set up.
So I'd be kind of willing to check that out.
Well the only thing that kind of sucks about that I think is that you know Guitar Hero and Rock Band are now completely like separate directions.
Which means it's highly unlikely the controllers will be compatible with the other game.
Like maybe because Guitar Hero has six buttons they can somehow be remapped and they would work in Rock Band.
Which assumably is a five button game.
But I guess we don't even like really know all those details in Rock Band yet.
So I just worry that now here we go again with the heap of plastic instruments in my living room.
Well here's the thing about Rock Band.
I mean I guess I mean it doesn't really matter as far as Guitar Hero.
But I mean I don't think Rock Band the new one is supposed to be on you know last gen systems.
I think it's just PlayStation 4, Xbox One.
Yeah it's true.
Is this new Guitar Hero on last gen systems too?
Yeah.
Oh I didn't catch that.
I caught that it was on Wii U but not the.
Yeah I said last gen systems.
Oh interesting.
I missed that.
Huh.
Nope.
They did.
Oh ha ha ha.
Ha ha.
I see what you did there.
So.
Well we use kind of the middle.
Hey we used to be like Nintendo would be like woo we got a third party game coming woo yeah.
Well actually don't count the rabid Nintendo fanboys out.
Don't count them out.
Like I'm not saying they're going to sway the whole thing one way or the other.
But there's going to be support for Guitar Hero because of that.
There will be.
Like and yeah there's going to be people that will buy it because like woo third party game
on the Wii U and this is one that I definitely want to check out so.
The only thing I'm not like too much of a fan of is the fact that you know this is probably
going to be a teen rated game so you know it's not really authentic you know rock experience.
I mean where are the chicks that are super drunk like flashing the band.
I mean that is just like totally missing from this.
Ha ha ha.
That's my only complaint.
Game Guru in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says so how do you play in real world.
Well this is the true story of seven strangers all jamming together to the same song.
That's it.
I don't know that was my joke because MTV get it.
Hello.
Yes I get it.
I think you're all a little young maybe to get that joke.
Yeah it will.
So will like Guitar Hero TV at some point just all be reality shows.
I'll be strumming with like a reality show or something like that.
Can I play Guitar Hero along with like Teen Mom.
I think catfish.
Strum up if you think she's telling the truth some strum down if you think she's lying.
Yeah.
And like you know.
I don't know.
But here's the cool thing though it's like it's being done by a freestyle games are the
guys that did DJ here like.
Yes.
Oh sweet.
It does well.
We get new DJ hero game.
Yes.
Yeah right.
New DJ hero game.
And when I heard that I was I was actually really happy because you know and I even I
remember saying this like I think on our last episode or maybe the one before I'd like DJ
hero was kind of underrated and you know what deserved to do a little better than it did.
So I'm happy to hear it's a new DJ hero game.
I want to hear a game.
I will buy a new DJ hero game.
Well if the whole like MTV thing kicks off.
Exactly.
Oh my God.
It would be amazing.
Well you know except it's going to be hard to mix music and so I'll give a shit whatever
you have to do.
They could do something and they could make it like electronic you know BeatMania 2DX
isn't really a thing in America anymore like I know it's still trucking along in Japan
and so forth but DJ hero 3 or whatever could just like totally rip off BeatMania and then
they could have an electronic and dance music channel.
The only sad thing about that is that we'd probably lose Tiger Claw as a listener because
he would watch that all day which I wouldn't blame him one bit.
That would be awesome.
I'd play along to that all day.
So you get Tiger Claw.
He's in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com saying maybe they will do total requests
live minigame.
You know you laugh now but I could actually or maybe that was a totally serious comment
I don't know but I could totally see like minus the Carson Daly and all that and the
Times Square stuff I could totally see that like 7 o'clock is going to be the time where
they do the top 10 for the week or something like that.
Or we're going to debut a new track from blah blah blah and it's you know.
They could totally do that like when I say that this could possibly be the future of
and I'm using my quotey fingers because some of you in chat were like MTV lol.
This is the future of quote quote MTV.
Like I'm not joking.
Like this could be what we're looking at.
See the thing is like you know they're saying in the chat room they need to buy a guitar
here at live.
I can't.
I can't because I have so many god damn instruments in my garage.
I do not need any more instruments and honestly I just won't play it.
It's just the true.
I just won't play it enough to justify spending the money.
Now the rock band thing though I mean the huge plus the rock band has is it's going
to import all my old DLC.
So like that's kind of huge and like it will be a huge motivator and why I buy an Xbox
One because honestly considering all the rock band DLC I bought like that's probably like
half the price of an Xbox One.
I'm sadly not exaggerating.
Yeah.
So it's a huge motivator there but I mean so I'm thinking like oh it kind of sucks the
guitar here.
You're not getting the same deal but if they're really doing this streaming Spotify MTV type
of thing I guess that kind of makes up for it because you would just have this you know
random stream of music all the time which is kind of neat.
Well see when I originally heard about Guitar Hero TV I was thinking oh this is going to
be one of those things where you upload video or something and you know I was like oh that's
going to be copyright strike crazy but it wasn't.
And Tiger Claw is clarifying in chat.
If MTV did EDM I would only watch it if it were a live broadcast from an electronic music
festival.
Well yeah I was going to say they said there was going to be an EDM channel on Guitar Hero.
Oh wow.
Yeah because Skrillex is one of the artists in the game.
Okay.
Interesting.
Yeah I mean.
I'll just bring my volume controller to lower it down a little bit for the...
I'm not I'm not I'm not trying to make fun of Skrillex I'm just saying it's a little
loud.
I'm getting a little old.
I've got to just turn that down.
I volunteers tribute to make fun of Skrillex.
Okay go ahead.
Doll tone.
Anyway moving on let's go back and talk about Mortal Kombat X a little bit because it's
time to talk about those stories I wanted to get into a minute ago.
First off I referenced this a little bit when I was talking about Mortal Kombat X but of
course what do we always say here at OLR?
Hackers going to hack.
Haters going to hate.
I thought we always said that a system is only as good as the games that are on it.
That too.
Modders going to mod.
And sure enough what has happened with Mortal Kombat X.
The game has been modded so that the characters that are in the story but nowhere to be played
in the game.
Even as DLC like Rain and Baraka are now playable of sorts in Mortal Kombat PC.
It only works on the PC version.
So you're saying normally there's no rain?
All I can say is that my life is pretty plain.
Anyway so yes there is no rain.
Well there is rain.
It's just they've decided there will be no rain until maybe the California drought is
over.
Hopefully like next year.
Then we'll actually have rain in the game anyway.
So Rain and Baraka you can mod them into the PC version of the game.
But here's the part that kind of blows my mind.
Now even though you always want to be careful when you mod games.
Back up your data and all that stuff.
Apparently all you have to do.
You rename some folders and it tricks Mortal Kombat X into pulling in data for one of the
characters that's locked instead of the one you selected.
So there's YouTube out there where they replaced Shinnok in the game with rain.
And so you see rain in the training stage which is not the stage that he's playing or played
as in the story mode.
So there's kind of a part of me that looks at this and does the Nelson laugh at Warner Brothers.
Because it's that simple.
It's like the data is there.
They're just like fuck you.
Which means and I think now Warner Brothers could do two things here.
Maybe the plan all along was to offer his DLC later on.
Maybe and just to give the benefit of the doubt to not be that cynical hateful jaded gamer.
Maybe Mortal Kombat was looking at doing a free DLC thing that would unlock rain and Baraka later in the game.
Because it's already there on your disc.
Kind of have to at this point because it's already on the disc.
Yeah except then I go well hold on cause Cynical Rob's coming back.
They are selling Tanya and Tanya's in the exact same boat where you fight against her in the game.
She's got her full moveset.
And I wonder if you could mod her back into the game the same way that they're doing here on the PC.
So hmm.
Anyway I just there's definitely a part of me that is kind of like you guys kind of had it coming.
I don't know.
Any thoughts in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com?
RasteelUT pointing out that same shit happened with Street Fighter X Tekken.
I vaguely remember that.
I remember an earlier Street Fighter game because Capcom kind of started that whole pay to unlock thing.
Was it the console specific characters and they have something like that?
Yes. Something like that was all in the game.
And I think a lot of the Capcom Fighter games had something like that happen.
Let's see. Anyhow.
Something else I want to talk about that kind of blew up my Twitter earlier this week.
And it honestly got to the point where I'm like I cannot fucking talk about this in 140 characters anymore.
Enough!
So I'll talk about it now.
This is a controversial DLC that is available for Mortal Kombat X.
What you can buy on the marketplace, either for Xbox or Playstation, is you can buy a DLC pack of 30 easy fatalities for $5.
And what this will do, this will give you access to fatalities with simplified inputs.
And I believe that means you hold the R2 button and press a button.
And that's how you do it.
That's what we saw.
But because it's 30 easy fatalities, these are consumables.
So you pay the $5, you use the easy fatalities, and they're gone.
It's not necessarily a pay to win type of situation because fatalities are totally optional and cosmetic.
But they are certainly a part of the reason why people play Mortal Kombat.
It's kind of like the visual flair, I suppose.
So here's the thing.
I kind of went off on this on Twitter because I'm really irritated that this is available.
And this is why I'm irritated.
This is a double dipping scheme.
And I hate this shit that I see all the time with the double dipping.
And no, Mortal Kombat X is not the first game to do it.
But it's the biggest, most recent game to do it.
And because of how much Mortal Kombat is putting out there for sale,
to have this as well is just a little bit like eyes rolling to the back of my head so I can see my brain type of thing.
It's a good thing that I am very pleased with what I saw them do on some of the story fronts.
So that's stuff that kind of balances each other out.
But here's my issue with it.
These are consumables that you're buying.
Once you use it, it's gone.
That's what you see in a mobile phone game.
That's a mobile phone expansion.
That's what you see in a free-to-play game.
So Mortal Kombat wants to charge you $60 for the game, $30 for the characters, for four extra characters.
Lord knows what else to unlock Reign and Baraka in the future.
Costumes and that sort of DLC.
And now Easy Fatalities use them once and they're gone?
But...
What?
But if people want them, why is the company at fault for making that an option?
They should make it an option in the options menu where it's Easy Fatalities.
No.
If there's something to be made money with, the whole point of the industry these days is to make money.
That pays the developer salaries.
It allows for more content to be made.
Which the $60 game and the $30 game do as well, all that stuff up front.
I'm saying it's very irritating to have this double divvy.
It's like, how much of my fucking wallet do you want?
You don't have to buy it.
You're right, I don't.
And I can voice my distaste at the fact that I'm like, this is a really yucky type of cash grab as well.
But that's how the business works.
But is that what you want the future gaming to be?
Where your mobile phone games, when you buy things on your mobile phone, it's going to be $20 to buy it.
And $0.99 for energy pellets and so forth.
I do want to say, because I'm sure they're yelling in the chat.
But they're not a requirement of the game.
Hold on, because they're yelling in the chat, I'm sure.
I just want to say, I am aware that you can unlock some of those tokens through the natural play in the game.
Like, as you play the game.
But whenever you play a mobile phone game, or if I'm playing that Pokemon Diablo-esque type of game,
they give you one gem here and there and they give you a free taste of it once in a while.
That's just a free sample so that you go and buy more hits.
But, again, you don't have to have them to play the game.
The fatalities are not difficult.
It's an option.
It's not required to enjoy the game unless maybe you're lazy.
I guess maybe, and maybe I just don't like them seeing them prey on the lazy, which is kind of what I see this is.
We live in a capitalist country. That's the whole point of commerce.
And we live in a country where I can protest when I see things I don't like.
And you're perfectly fine too, but it's fine for everybody else to go, really?
Because, again, when you live in a capitalist society, the whole point of existence is to make money.
If they put consumables in like Dragon Age Inquisition, well, which kind of they do a little bit in multiplayer, which I haven't spent the money on that.
But are you going to pay for all that when it comes into single player mode?
I paid for what I wanted.
I didn't pay for what I didn't and I've modded everything else.
I'm just saying, this is the start.
You don't speak up now and this is where the gaming industry is going to go.
And for the record, you know they're not going to do locked endings because then that is a little bit different.
That's not the option.
That actually is blackmail, kind of.
You have to-
No, that's consumerism.
If you're going to pay for it, why not sell it?
That's how we make our money for our developers and stuff.
There's a difference between something that has absolutely no effect on how the game plays, other than it being easier to do something.
It doesn't affect the endings, it doesn't affect the story, it doesn't affect the game, really.
It's just nice.
The whole point of saying something like Mass Effect 4 with locked endings is from Seattle.
Pay $1.99 for the bad ending, $4.99 for the good ending.
No, that's a completely different thing.
That's actually affecting the entire story of the game and that's, I think, where the line should be drawn.
If it's something that is going to affect the final product in so much as it's the entire package of it, that's one thing.
Something that's just like a convenience option, that's nothing.
With all due respect to what you're saying, I kind of feel like the argument about, well, developers, capitalism could apply the same thing.
It's like, you want to put the line here, I want to put it here, is really the difference.
But they do two exactly different things.
One of them actually affects the entire game, the other one affects convenience.
I would also kind of argue a little bit that in a way you do pay money for a different ending in Mass Effect because the Citadel DLC.
But I'm okay with that.
Which didn't affect the ending?
It doesn't affect the ending, but it's something you definitely play after, for most people to play the game, played it after and it's like that one more hurrah.
But I'm okay with the Citadel DLC because it was completely new stuff that was newly designed, not already on the disc, new levels, new monsters.
That whole arena thing was in the Citadel DLC.
I played my 15 bucks for Jaws of Hakkon and that has nothing to do with the ending.
I've already beaten Dragon Age Inquisition twice.
So I'm fine with, and just to be clear on my position, I'm fine with DLC that like expands the game and expands and continues it and so forth.
It's this consumable stuff from mobile phone gaming where I'm like, you are trying to have your cake and eat it too.
Well, I'll put it this way, I ordered a special edition for Dragon Age Inquisition so I could get the dragon armor because I thought it was pretty.
I didn't have to have it, but I wanted it and I thought it was worth my money and then I got the bog unicorn because that's like completely messed up looking.
But I mean it's all cosmetic, it's nothing that affects the actual ongoing play of the game.
And I've maybe used the dragon scale armor like twice until I got better armor.
I'd guarantee you if they put out like really nice keeper's robes that I could pay for, I'd do it.
Because I love the game and I like to make stuff look pretty in it.
Maybe you could only wear it once and then it was gone.
I would wear it until I get something that's a better level.
I guess it's the consumable aspect of it that really bothers me.
See, the thing is that they haven't done that with the costumes.
The costumes? No, no, it's not even a yet thing. That's not gonna happen.
Really? It might. Because I bet if we look 20 years ago at this.
See, you're doing the completely fallacious slippery slope argument.
We all know slippery slope arguments are entirely fallacious.
20 years ago we would not have looked at where we are today with gaming.
Because it was all on the cartridge, it was all there.
And maybe I'm being old and saying, get off my lawn.
But I'm just saying 20 years ago this would never have been a possibility. Ever.
Exactly. 20 years ago that wouldn't have been a possibility.
We wouldn't have a slope to even be arguing about.
Except there are certain standards that are set up.
Something that is meant to be consumable, like a little tiny code or a gem or something that's a power source.
That's one thing.
Saying the same thing about an outfit that would actually have to be downloaded and incorporated into the game?
Kind of not the same. One thing is code, the other thing is addition.
They're two completely different objects.
Alright, go into some comments in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSJ100Matt says, we don't have to buy it, but I think it's ridiculous that they attempt to convince people to buy these things through, quote,
Hey, if you buy this thing, you will be better and cooler with less effort than the other person.
Trying to find a comment on the other side here.
Tigerclaw says, I bet these have these kind of consumable DLC for MMOs.
You pay for something that will buff your character for 24 hours.
They do in China, and I'm sure they're kind of looking at bringing some of that over here.
I don't know, it's been datamined in Diablo and stuff, but I don't think we've seen it hit yet.
But I know in China where free-to-play is very common.
Final Fantasy has stuff like that.
You have your Fantasia?
Oh yeah, I don't buy any of that.
Well, I got mine for free that one time, but if I wanted to play the dragon character and I want to re-level a character,
sure, I'd get a Fantasia and make my character whatever the crap they're called.
The Fantasia, I don't buy them. I think it's a total waste of money and whatever.
But at least that's something that is permanent until you use one again.
It's not really a consumable. It is and it isn't.
It's just a consumable that facilitates a more permanent change.
The little pirate 101 game that Julian's playing, which is supposed to be the best MMO for kids ever,
all of the mounts are consumables.
You rent your mount, and then it wears off after an hour or however many uses of it you do.
Dungeonbuster in chat says,
Both Activision and EA reported that a large bulk of their quarterly performances in the digital space are due to these transactions.
They don't need everyone to buy into these, just enough of a percentage to laugh all the way to the bank.
Anyway, to try and wrap it up to move on, I'm just going to say,
you know what, fine, they're out there, but this is not for me, thank you,
and just another part of the reason why I'll be waiting a good year to pick up Mortal Kombat.
I mean, not this specifically alone, but just all these other things where you know this is version 1.0,
and they're going to put out version 2.0 later on. I'll just wait and buy that one.
That's where I'm at.
Anyhow, let's move on, because I know we have a lot of other stories to get into.
So, let's get to it. Dark Sakura.
Well, there was basically a, this had been going around for a little while,
and I went on to the conclusion of it, but a Pakistani programmer named Amar Asghar
revealed a security flaw in Minecraft servers.
It basically makes it really easy for anyone to crash the hosting server,
and so an update was put out, actually, by Mojang right away.
And the guy that discovered it said he hesitated publicly exposing it for 21 months,
but because it had never been fixed or found, he went ahead and revealed it.
So, right now, the 1.8.4 security release from Minecraft basically fixes issues with the pets,
fixes things with vines, fixes the malicious contents that can cause a server to freeze or lose memory,
and a user formerly known as Old User has joined, showed multiple times, can be removed.
It's fixing portal things and item duplications. So, done.
No more duping the items.
No more duping the items. Nope.
Gosh, it's so amazing how Minecraft is still going strong after all this time, too.
It's pretty amazing. I'm very curious to see what Microsoft's going to end up doing with it,
now that it's in their control and the inevitable Minecraft 2 becomes an Xbox One exclusive,
or a Windows 10 exclusive. We'll see. We'll see.
Moving on. Loki.
So, unfortunately, you may remember that they announced that, was it,
Phantom Dust was going to be a game coming to Xbox One. However, that doesn't seem to be the case anymore.
And the reason because of this is just the fact that there's too much pressure being put on Dark Side games by Microsoft,
and basically, what the situation was, they had a set budget of about $5 million for the game.
However, every month, Microsoft keep adding features that they wanted to the game,
but they weren't increasing any sort of budgeting for those features.
And so, just because of that, they couldn't deliver what they wanted them to deliver, and that was that.
So, kind of lame that it looked like a pretty cool game. I never played the original Phantom Dust on Xbox,
but it looked like a neat concept. A little bit different for Xbox.
So, nobody else is picking this up that we know of? It's just going to be on ice for a long time?
For now.
That kind of sucks. It'll be a nice surprise to hear that maybe at E3 they moved.
I mean, not that I'm, like, loving the fact that they shut down the studio and everything,
but I would like for at least some of their work, even if it got picked up and finished by somebody else, to be realized.
And with the whole thing, it's kind of disappointing that their outfit was closed down because of this,
and so they had to lay everybody off.
And I guess this is just right after they were attempting to make a trip to Redmond to kind of explain why they needed more of a budget,
but Microsoft just didn't want to budge on it.
Well, unfortunately, I think this is probably a very common story in the industry.
That's why a lot of these devs really push for these deadlines way before a game's out,
is because they have to show the people feeding them money.
And the game's not cancelled, it's just right now they don't have anybody working on it.
Kaijuto in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
The original Phantom Dust was awesome. I still play it to this day.
There you go.
All right, well, one way I know people are enjoying games both old and new is through the Steam service.
Steam, obviously, one of many services out there that sells games,
but Steam's probably one of the biggest ones on PC, if not the biggest, and Mac and Linux and all that good stuff.
Steam going through a pretty major change this week.
Steam has done two kind of changes.
One of them has to do with mobile authentication.
This is a test that's going on right now where two-factor authentication, also known as SteamGuard,
is going to be moving to the mobile device.
That's something that they're testing right now.
Right now, SteamGuard is through email.
And you've probably noticed this if you're a Steam user.
You sign into Steam from a new computer and it's going to say,
Hi, we just sent you a code to your email.
And what's really interesting about this, it's not something you have to ask for.
It's essentially mandatory that two-factor authentication is on your account.
And that helps keep the game secure and all that stuff.
So they turn this on by default for everybody.
So right now it's via email.
However, apparently the Steam beta for the mobile is going to have the two-factor authentication in the mobile.
And I get that because sometimes your mobile's a lot easier to get to than like,
Okay, let me Alt-Tab to a different window, bring up my email, log in.
It's going to be a little more convenient for some people to have it on the mobile device.
So the Android version of the beta available right now, the iOS app soon.
Of course, we don't know when that is.
What's interesting, and you may or may not remember this about SteamGuard,
Gabe Newell gave everybody his password when this was first announced.
He announced, Here's this and this is my password.
And he was basically saying, See if you can hack around it and get in around the two-factor authentication.
And if anybody did get through, we haven't heard of that.
And they've patched it right up, I'm sure.
Because they've been erased.
They've been eliminated.
Hit squads have been sent to their house.
That's right. Gabe took them out.
He burned them in a steam cloud.
Now, another major change coming from Steam.
What they should have done, if you really want to get someone motivated to break that,
Hey, if you get past this two-step authentication, I'll give you a half-life three.
That would be a good motivator.
Now, here's another big change on Steam.
Steam will now be making folks spend a minimum of $5 on the store to use certain features.
So, in other words, if you want to do friend invites, start a group chat, use Steam discussion boards,
vote on Greenlight games, you will have to spend $5 in the store before your account is able to do any of that.
Spending $5 on Steam is pretty darn easy to do during one of their sales.
But this isn't, I mean, you might look at this and go, oh, this is just a cash grab by Steam.
But I think the true motivator behind this is people that are making dummy accounts to either spam people
through these friend invites and group chats, to spam and mass upvote games on Greenlight,
which I know is a thing that's happening out there.
So, this is going to bring a little more integrity to those extra features.
So, it's not that you can't use Steam at all if you don't pay any money.
You can still play your free-to-play games and all that that they give through Steam.
It's just that some of these other features, like you inviting friend, they'll have to invite you, I suppose,
and group chat will have to be started by somebody else.
So, these features will be locked out.
Which, in the long run of preventing spam, yeah, I kind of get it.
It's a feature I'm kind of surprised wasn't already there, actually.
I always thought somebody had to spend at least some money in the store to be able to do this.
But, maybe what used to be a seven-cent card is now a five-dollar minimum. I don't know.
So, there you go.
And actdeft in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says,
"$5 USD? Easy."
RawsteelUT mentioning some of the other stores out there saying,
I wouldn't mind seeing that added to Good Old Games and Humble.
That would be pretty sweet to me.
And, yeah, all three of those sites have easily spent $5.
I spent a lot more than $5 on all three of those sites, really.
So, yeah, for the gamer, I'm sure that's not an easy milestone.
That is a very easy milestone to meet for many gamers out there.
Moving on. DarkSakura.
Well, there's news about Microsoft.
Phil Harrison is gone. Gone, gone, gone.
Basically, it was announced by Phil Spencer, who's the head of Xbox,
that basically Phil Harrison has chosen to pursue business interests outside of Microsoft.
He was the corporate vice president in Xbox in Europe. So, bye.
So, apparently it was a good exit. He wasn't, like, fired or anything.
But we don't know who's going to take over his place and help out with the European ventures.
Well, this, I mean, and these things are very natural in the industry.
I mean, look at anybody with any job anywhere.
Sometimes you're there for a few years and then you decide, you know,
I have an opportunity somewhere else I'm going to go take advantage of.
So, this is just a very normal thing.
It's just that sometimes these types of executives are in the spotlight a little bit in the gaming industry.
So, there you go.
All right. Let's move on to travel around the world and check out some release dates starting off with the U.S.
Loki.
Sadly, nothing.
Nothing coming out this week?
Yeah, nothing really unless you count downloadable stuff, in which case you have Assassin's Creed Chronicles China.
That's it.
Oh, yeah, there's like a handful of those games coming out, the Assassin's Creed games to kind of, I guess, hold people over, right?
Yeah. Nothing until next week.
Nothing until next week. All right. Slow week.
Slow week here in the States.
Well, let's go over to Japan and check out the release dates in Japan.
There's a few things to talk about over there.
There's actually quite a bit.
On the PlayStation 4 this week in Japan, on the 23rd, Blaze Blue Chrono Phantasma Extend.
You can also get a special joystick for that, like an arcade-style joystick.
You can get Tropico 5 is available in Japan this week on the PlayStation 4.
Shin Jaigen Game Neptune 7 in regular and dream editions.
Tokaiden Kiwame comes out this week as well.
That's all on the PlayStation 4.
On the Xbox One this week, Blaze Blue is out there as well.
And Fantasia Music Evolved gets a Japanese release this week.
So I don't know if they changed any of the content for Japan, but seeing as Disney is pretty big in Japan, I'm kind of surprised it took this long.
But I guess, you know, localization and all that.
Looking at the last gen of systems on the PlayStation 3, Blaze Blue is also out on there.
As well as TV Anime Idolmaster Cinderella G4U Pack Volume 1.
So some type of Idolmaster extension is out on the PlayStation 3 this week.
And on the Xbox 360, Fantasia is out there as well and Tropico 5.
On the Wii U, nothing this week, but there will be a Xenoblade X release on April the 29th.
So keep an eye out for that.
Also on the PlayStation Vita this week, Crimson Empire as well as Gakuen Heaven 2 Double Scramble.
Ore no Shikabane o Kotei UK 2 gets a price reduction as well as Meikai Senkai Disgaea 4 gets a price reduction.
And Sayonara Umehara Kawase Shirari comes out this week on the PlayStation Vita.
Last but not least on the 3DS this week, Minare Majo To Moko Moko Friends.
And probably, in my opinion, the biggest release of the week.
I want to play this game real bad.
Bravely Second and Lair is out this week on the 3DS.
The sequel to Bravely Default out in Japan this week.
Look out for spoilers if you're waiting probably till the holidays to play it here in the US.
Alright, just a few more stories for you guys.
Oh, I'm sorry. My bad. Let's go to the UK.
I was thinking already about the classic game of the week.
Good lord, Rob.
My bad.
No, I can do it now.
Yes, you are.
On the 22nd we have LA Cops for PS4 and Ziggurat on PlayStation 4.
And on April 24th we have Tropico 5 Dungeons 2 on Mac and PC.
That's all? You sure? Are you sure you're sure? Are you absolutely sure?
What?
Alright, let's go a couple more stories for you guys than the classic game of the week. Loki.
So I think it's actually the last console handheld or otherwise that's had the support finally added to it.
But Unity now will be supported on the new 3DS.
And this is coming from Unite 2015, their Tokyo event.
And that's really all we know so far. Supposedly going to be coming later on this year.
But hey, now there's going to be Unity games on the new 3DS. That's got to be cool.
That means it's going to be really easy too for people to make games for the 3DS if they want.
It's going to get a lot easier.
Exactly.
So 3DS is going to become another type of indie darling in a way.
That's great.
Yeah, which they already have a lot of indie games, but it means even more.
Yes.
Yeah, very exciting. Does this mean time to car on the 3DS?
I'll put it on whatever platforms I can.
Excellent. I love it.
Alright, well this will definitely not be on the 3DS, new or old. I think it's probably a little too much power in this game.
It's going straight to the PlayStation 4, the Xbox One, and Windows.
Huge announcement this week for Star Wars Battlefront, which was announced during the Star Wars Celebration.
The release date of the game, November 17th. Technically this is the third Battlefront game, but it's a new developer for the game.
So we're throwing it back a little bit with Battlefront.
There was a release trailer for the game, which showed a little bit of a battle going on on the planet Endor.
I don't know if you guys saw the trailer at all.
Yes.
Yeah, the graphics look amazing.
The game, I was never super into Battlefront. I'm sorry, I know it's a hugely popular series. I don't hate it. It's just not my kind of game type of thing, right?
It's very heavily multiplayer. Heavily, heavily multiplayer.
It's all multiplayer.
Well, the first one was, didn't the second one have a single player campaign? You could do single player with AI or something?
It's still multiplayer, but yeah.
Yeah, and I remember the AI was not very good either.
But anyway, so yeah, those usually aren't my type of games.
But I mean, I had to admit, I would watch somebody else play this. This will lend itself very well to live streaming and that sort of thing.
So yeah, it looked gorgeous.
I don't know if you've seen this yet, DarkSire, but if you haven't, you gotta check out that trailer because it just looks gorgeous.
Like, seeing all that Star Wars stuff rendered in real time.
We'll see.
They had one of the, and sorry, my Star Wars knowledge is not as up high as some other people's, but those walking things that are on the ice planets.
The ATS-T.
Is that what they are? They show them on Endor and that was just kind of neat to see.
They were on Endor in the movie too.
Were they? I just totally forget.
Yeah, because Chewbacca took one over.
Oh, that's right.
And then pointed it and then he's like...
Do you know the last time I saw the Star Wars movies?
That was Return of the Jedi.
Any of them.
Well, I saw the prequels in the theater one time.
Those don't count.
Yeah, I'm not counting those.
Honestly, the last time I saw the movies, I was in college.
So, you just rolled your eyes at me. How dare you?
Last time I watched them was about two months ago.
No, you don't even realize, Return of the Jedi was my favorite movie as a kid.
Oh, really?
I've watched it so many damn times.
You're not alone. There's a lot of people.
Oh, Empire Strikes Back is the best. Uh-uh.
It's all about the fucking Ewoks.
And all about the angsty Luke Skywalker in black.
Can we just have a little short part of Episode 7 where they go,
Oh, damn. During that battle, they destroyed the whole Gungan planet
and all of them were in there at the same time. None of them escaped.
They are all dead. That is terrible.
I'm telling you, I'm telling you, the Star Wars, or Star Tours at Disneyland,
that's the best scene in the whole one is the Gungan planet is actually the best one.
So, it's weird. But I know.
And every time Jar Jar Binks pops up on the screen, I always yell, shoot it.
But maybe I shouldn't do that at Disneyland around children, but I can't help myself.
It's a thing.
I get put on lists, Rob.
That's how you get put on lists.
Alright, Tigerclaw wants to point out in chat saying,
Battlefront 3 is only about the original trilogy,
and what might be a deal breaker for some people, no space battles.
No, Battlefront 3 isn't all about just the original 3.
They actually have DLC that's going to be coming out that's for the new movie.
Oh, but I think Tigerclaw is meaning, like a lot of people,
it's not considering the prequels to be a thing.
No, I meant the sequel.
No, no, I get 7.
7, yeah, oh god, fuck, who cares about the prequels.
Yeah, no, I think they were saying that the planet that's in the trailer
that looks like Tatooine but isn't Tatooine is going to be a DLC for that.
I can't wait for all the nerd hate mail this week because I didn't know my Star Wars.
You know why? Every day after high school it was because I was watching The Next Generation.
That's why. So, sorry.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Ounce Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase voice.
Alright, anyhow, let's get into the classic game of the week.
Let's go back to the days when we would watch Star something every day.
I was telling it they should have a Spaceballs Battlefront game.
That would be awesome.
I've probably seen Spaceballs more recently than I have Star Wars.
I know I have.
Comb the desert.
Alright, Dark Soccer, let's go to the classic game of the week.
What is the classic game of the week this week?
The classic game of the week is King of Fighters 94.
Wah.
And of course, a King of Fighters game has to start off with the Neo Geo noise.
Yep.
I love that sound.
Anyway, King of Fighters 94, this game is actually important to me
because I love it for the same reason that I love World Cup Soccer 94.
King of Fighters 94 came out the year I graduated high school
and we had one at the little arcade that I managed at my college.
It came out for the Neo Geo home console systems.
There's a Neo Geo CD version, which I own.
In 2008, KOF 94 was one of the ones that was included on the SNK Arcade Classics Volume 1
for PS2, PSP, and Wii.
Basically, KOF has a lot of characters from Fatal Fury and Art of Fighting.
It has characters from Ikari Warriors and Psycho Soldier,
which I've done Psycho Soldier on the show before.
The one that Athena came from.
And also has a bunch of original characters.
The plot is basically that the criminal Rugal Bernstein
has set up this tournament for reasons.
SNK developed the game as a way to bring the fighters from its best franchises
into one big thing and attract new players.
It actually has just spawned more and more and more sequels.
In 2004, for the 10th anniversary of the series,
SNK did a remake called KOF 94 Rebound that has the original game
and a newer version of it with higher resolution graphics.
So, it's really nice.
Moving forward a little bit with this, it is really very simple.
It has some of the basics for play style from Fatal Fury,
except the multiple range.
You can dodge some moves, but they don't have the multiple level.
It has the four button configuration, similar to Fatal Fury 2 and Fatal Fury Special.
And it has some of the other aspects of Art of Fighting in Samurai Shodown,
even though it has no characters in Samurai Shodown.
And Dan was pointing out to me that when the ad for this game came out,
it said very clearly that you could play as characters from Samurai Shodown,
which you can not.
You also have your power gauges at the bottom that you can do special moves.
And you also have continuous life bars that some of them will fill up after you defeat a character,
but it doesn't fill up all the way.
You get only a certain amount of your life back.
So, you can continue a fight and take down another character with what's remaining of your life bar,
but then when that's it, you switch out characters.
In this game, the characters were limited to just certain teams,
which were kind of stupid in a way, because it's like you had characters who were like,
Team Italy, which was actually the Fatal Fury team.
So, you've got two American dudes and a Japanese kickboxer on Team Italy.
Where does that make sense?
Of course, the game also gave us the Chinese team, which had Athena and Kensou,
who I played that team all the time, including Mr. Drunken Master there on screen right now.
But I also liked it when they started switching things up.
You could build your own teams, but you did have set teams.
I loved being able to play Yuri, because I played her in Art of Fighting all the time.
Mai, of course, was everyone's big favorite.
So, just a really, really, really solid game, I think.
It was, to me, a lot more fun.
I was honestly an Art of Fighting fan more than I was a Fatal Fury fan at first,
until Garou Densetsu 3 came out, which I thought was actually probably better than any of them.
But it just really is a great game.
We've had the versions that came out officially for this.
There was, like I said, King of Fighters 94 came out in Japan on August 25th, 1994.
And then it came out the same year on the Neo Geo cartridge systems,
which I actually do not have this one on cartridge.
I have a KOF 2000 on cartridge.
KOF 94 came out also for Neo Geo CD on November 2nd.
KOF 94 was supposed to be preloaded with the Neo Geo X, but was ultimately replaced by King of Fighters 95.
Like I said, there's been other versions.
We've had the Virtual Console version.
We've had the SNK Arcade Classics Volume 1.
There was also a PlayStation 3 release that came out of the Neo Geo station lineup.
There was the remake that was the King of Fighters 94 Rebound that was just really pretty.
And you also had the Team Edit mode from the later editions that were there.
And the ability to play as some of the other characters.
You had to arrange music and it was really nice.
It was supposed to come out in North America on Xbox.
And it was completed and reviewed, but they cancelled it in 2006.
So, Japan only as far as I know, but of course I've played it before.
So, there were also CDs.
I have a couple of art books actually for this.
There was a laserdisc audio and video release of King of Fighters 94.
There were tons of manga.
This is one of those games that just reignited the entire fighting game franchise for SNK.
And I'd probably say created its own fandom monster.
So, there you go. King of Fighters 94.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week.
You know, I must admit I've played this before, but not a lot of it.
Because this was kind of during my gaming drought.
There was a few years there where I wasn't really playing a lot of games.
And I think this was kind of right in the middle of it.
And yeah, I love the SNK fighting games though.
I need to go back and revisit this.
It kind of sucks that the Xbox one got cancelled.
I think they did release some game on Xbox 360.
I just don't remember which King of Fighters it was.
It might have even been Fatal Fury Special that I'm thinking of.
It's just been so long since I've played it.
But I liked Fatal Fury Special and I liked...
Oh god, why can't I remember those?
Mark of the Wolves?
Well, I mean that's a good game, but not one I've played a lot.
Oh, Capcom versus SNK.
Yeah.
Two, specifically. That's great.
And I'm with SNK100Matt in our chat room who says,
Just make Capcom versus SNK3 already.
I agree.
I loved that the artists for the different companies were doing each other's characters.
Really nice versions of some of the characters.
I've always been a fan of, I would say, that era up to maybe about 2000 of SNK's artwork.
I love that artist.
Alright, we're going to take a quick break, guys.
We've got plenty more show to come.
We're going to do our forum follow-up segment answering the FUGU Question of the Week.
Your emails and even some phone calls too at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or use your name on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
When we come back with more of OrangeLoungeRadio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to OrangeLoungeRadio.
Live with our 594th episode for this April the 19th of 2015 Dark Sakura's Birthday Show.
Yay!
It's her birthday.
There's a lot of people with a birthday today.
One of my Final Fantasy guildies has a birthday today.
We mentioned Tim Curry.
And today was the Waco thing.
Oh, was it really?
Yeah, it was.
Oh, that's right.
And wasn't the Oklahoma City bombing, like, this is like the 20-year anniversary or something?
Something like that.
Yeah, that's unfortunate.
Yeah.
Sorry, I don't mean to be a downer, but this is a very busy day.
I think two out of three people in this room have had tragedies associated with their birthday.
Yes.
Yes, that took me a minute because I was like, what?
What happened on June 26?
That was the day the Supreme Court repealed the sodomy laws.
I'm like, that's not something to be upset about.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Loki was born on that day.
Yes.
He wasn't born in June.
No.
Anyway, he was born on September of the 11th.
Brad from Pod Culture saying that Christina's birthday is today, too.
Christina from Pod Culture, her birthday's today, too.
It's a busy day.
Yeah, but mine's the most important.
Wait, more important than Tim Curry?
Yes.
I don't know.
I don't know.
All right.
I guess I can allow that.
Brad is also saying today is the day that Skynet was supposed to take over.
Get out, really.
Well, it is Dark Soccer's birthday, and, you know, if anyone were to do anything nefarious with Terminators,
Dark Soccer is probably behind the button.
I'm just saying.
I'm just saying.
They can't be killed.
They can't be reasoned with, and they will not stop until you are dead.
Oh, boy.
All right.
I love that movie.
Let's get to the forum feedback segment for tonight.
Every week we invite you guys to continue the discussion on our forums over at forums.vognetwork.com,
or you can just go to vognetwork.com and click on forums, and, you know, I'm sure some of our spirited discussions tonight,
which is like the DLC, Mortal Kombat X thing, I'm sure we'll see more on that continuing on the forums later tonight.
Or maybe something we don't end up getting to tonight.
We'll see.
I will point out, since I'm catching up on two weeks, there's a lot of, there's actually a few threads,
so I apologize, I'm not going to be able to read every topic, but I just wanted to thank you guys who are participating over there,
and I do read everything, so thank you for that.
I'll just briefly mention that Critical Myth started a thread on Fang and Vanille,
because in the last episode I mentioned, you know, I didn't really see them as sisters.
I saw them as something a little, a different type of romantic connection.
Specials like the sisters.
Yeah, not really, not anything I would call sisters, actually.
They were, uh, so anyway, Critical Myth said in a nutshell that he agreed,
and kind of explained some of his thoughts behind that, so you can read that over on our forums at vognetwork.com.
A deeper relationship is how he phrased that, I think that's a good way to put it.
But let's do a couple of these other topics that were posted, such as Flocko Jones saying,
one that just jumped out at me while listening to the show, episode 593, that I had to post,
I know Half-Life 2 is a big deal, that was our Classic Game of the Week last show,
and that every gamer is supposed to have played it.
Jamie even said as much in her intro, but I never have.
I did watch my friends play all of 1 and most of 2, but I've never played them myself,
mostly because my PC gaming was mostly in the MMO realm, and I heard the console port wasn't great.
Also, other than dabbling with the original game for about 5 minutes, I never truly played a Halo game.
What do you think when you hear there are gamers out there who haven't played such landmark releases like these,
and which highly influential and or essential games have you never gotten around to playing?
Yeah, Grand Theft Auto 5, Rob.
Well, that would actually be a great example.
Bobby Blackwolf, by the way, chimed in on that saying,
I've never played World of Warcraft, even though I got banned from it for being a gold farmer.
So, there's one answer.
Well, you didn't play it. You had your bots playing at the farm gold, of course.
I pose this to the chat room as well, if you have some quick answers here while I check out other answers in the studio.
I guess mine would probably be, I think Grand Theft Auto, really any of them in depth is a really good example.
But if I confess up for a moment, I haven't really played Half-Life start to finish either.
I haven't either. It's in my Steam library.
I've played it a little bit in the orange box. So, I've at least played it.
I have played one of those console ports. It's supposedly not great because I did play a little bit of it there.
But, yeah, I haven't done the in-depth that clearly Alan and Jamie last week had.
When I attempted to play it before, it was like you had to do some setup to get the gamepad working correctly.
Then I was just like, I don't want to do this.
But then, I mean, now it should be a lot better.
I just haven't gotten to it.
Like 99% of the games in my Steam library, I haven't quite gotten a chance to play them yet.
Half-Life being among them, yeah.
So, is that your answer too, Half-Life?
I do want to play it. I fully intend to play it someday.
I just haven't done it yet along with a lot of the other games that are in there that I like.
Ooh, I really got to play these.
Darsagra, any answers you can think of?
One of these huge landmark must-play games that you have to play?
Fallout.
No, I have Fallout New Vegas and I started it, but I didn't go too far into it.
Yeah, I'm with her too. Like, I played a little bit of New Vegas and I just kind of like, you know, going from Skyrim to New Vegas, it was just like, ooh.
I only played a little Skyrim too.
Yeah.
Only a little bit. Like, I made a character and then killed some people and then that was it.
We'll be glad you were able to get up before it finally hooked you because that will take years of your life away.
What was the other? Now, as much as I love Dragon Age, I didn't play much of Awakenings.
I played Origin. I played some of Awakenings just long enough to go, oh, so that's Anders.
And, you know, I played Dragon Age 2 like it was going out of style and, of course, Inquisition. I've been all over.
I really, I can't get into Dragon Age 1 and 2. I have tried.
Inquisition I can. I can't explain it.
I never played Mass Effect. Well, no, I played Mass Effect 1 a little bit. Like, very little.
2 and 3 are the better ones.
Yeah.
Didn't play. It's hard to start with 1 at this point.
I had a really hard time getting into Mass Effect and then I just blew through the first game so I could get to the other two.
I didn't mention.
Because Garrus.
I didn't mention this during my gaming week, but since, you know, I got that new TV a couple weeks ago and, you know, it's the 60-inch TV with the high refresh rate, I'm going back and looking at old games.
And so I put in the Mass Effect trilogy on PlayStation 3.
It made me nauseous.
And I was playing Mass Effect 3. It looks like garbage because you can see artifacting. It's choppy.
And I don't know if maybe the game has a hard time with the refresh rate. Like, maybe I have to go in and force the refresh rate to be lower.
But it's, yeah, it's, oh my God.
Well, remember, I held up my camera and I could watch it through my iPhone camera.
Yeah.
It looked fine.
But looking up at the TV again, I was like, so I really do think it's the refresh rate.
But yeah, the high refresh rate TV is I'm finding, like, it makes Blu-ray movies look completely different. Completely different. It's so weird.
You know what else I haven't played?
What was that stupid Candy Crush saga?
You know what? That's probably for the best.
I refuse.
I don't know if I'd call that a landmark game.
I won't give that company any money.
Well, you played Bejeweled. So, I mean, that's, like, almost bad.
Yeah, but Bejeweled's actually a good game.
Let's see. Look at our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
S2100matt says, my girlfriend never played Cookie Clicker. I remind her how lucky she is.
Yes.
Let's see. Brad from Paw Culture says, Mass Effect. Got em all. Haven't cracked the seal on any.
And RasteelUT is wondering, why do people buy all these games they never play?
I know. I mean, seriously. It's like, I have still two games. I have fucking Destiny sitting there. I haven't played it yet. Or Watch Dogs.
I'm probably never going to play those games.
Buying something I know I'll never get to just because it's on sale seems odd to me.
La la la la la la la.
Yeah.
You know what? People do it with other stuff too, though. Like, clothes.
I know people that buy clothes, men and women, that buy clothes just because it's on sale and they never wear them.
Yeah.
Shoes. I had a friend in high school. I swear to God, she owned, like, 70 pairs of shoes. There's no way.
That sounds like my mother.
She could wear every single pair of those shoes.
Do you know how many pairs of shoes my mother owns?
And there was a guy I worked with that had shoes in every color, too.
We do know people who collect tennis shoes, though.
Yeah.
You know, but they collect them.
Yeah.
But my mom's got, like, even after she downsized, she has something like maybe 40 plus pairs of shoes.
And this is, again, after downsizing, it has maybe that many purses.
Yeah.
Do you know how many pairs of shoes I have?
I have my Vibrams. I have my Converses. I have my old Converses. I have my sandals. And I have one pair of dress shoes.
I have, like, three pairs of shoes, and I'm so predictable.
I'm like, I need to, like, revoke my girly license or something.
Well, I had to buy boots, so I was like, oh, my God, I gotta get another pair of shoes.
Oh, yeah, I have snow boots.
Because I was afraid of the snow in Boston. I didn't really need them there.
I actually have snow boots from when Becky and I were taking her son to the snow.
And I haven't even worn them this year because there hasn't been enough snow to bother with.
I have work shoes and these shoes.
And I'm so predictable when it comes to shoes, too, is it's like it's always Skechers or Kenneth Cole, and they're always blue or brown or black.
I guess I'm pretty predictable with shoes.
Look, I just bought these shoes. Surprise, they're blue and they're Kenneth Cole. What a shock. Anybody surprised?
You know what? Mine, all my tennis shoes, Converses or Air Walks if I'm feeling cheap.
All right, anyway, oh, my God, did we just get on a sidebar conversation about shoes?
Oh, my God, shoes.
These shoes are $300.
These shoes are $300 fucking dollars. Let's get them.
Actually, I almost spent $80 on shoes. Did I tell you? They're Galaxy shoes. They're cool.
Alan Alchemy in chat says, if I was loaded as fuck, I'd probably own between one and two dozen shoes. I don't give a fuck.
See, I knew Alan liked shoes, but I didn't realize he wanted to buy a lot more shoes. Now I know what to get him for his birthday.
Gift certificate for Zappos or DSW. I do know he loves to go to DSW.
You know what?
What?
Zappos got like $120 pair of designer Converses for $30 off Broadway.
Oh, my God, we're talking about shoes again. Back to the forum topics.
I'm not.
Thank you, Flaco. What game have you never played?
Orange Shoe Radio.
Shoes. Oh, my God. All right.
YYR started a topic about digital distribution saying, I didn't even know that OnLive was disappearing until I heard it on OLR.
Same with PlayStation Home. I always feel I try not to break news here on the show, but I'm always flattered when people like actually learn things here on the show.
My thought is, if you seek out gaming podcasts, you probably see gaming stuff on Twitter as well. So I like to discuss news.
Twitter is hard to follow. If you follow a lot of people, it's like trying to sort through that mess.
I'm always flattered when people actually do learn news from us. So thanks for what we are.
Anyway, the reality is that when we purchase something digitally, we have to be OK with the fact that it won't be around forever.
The closest thing we have to actually being able to keep our purchases is the system used on Xbox 360 and PS3, where if a game or DLC purchase is registered to a console, you don't need to be online to be able to play it.
If we're ever alerted to the closing of the distribution network, we can protect ourselves by placing copies of the content on multiple hard drives before the network shuts down.
But even then, there's no guarantee these will last for as long as we might want them to.
I truly believe that Microsoft and Sony will have to tread lightly in their decisions to shut down these popular distribution networks.
Because if they do so too early, consumers will likely feel burned, which may affect their digital purchase decisions in the future.
I honestly believe that at the least, Microsoft will keep the 360's marketplace open for several years to come, but only time will tell.
However, regardless of what they do, certain facts will not change.
1. No digital marketplace will last forever, and you stand to lose their purchases when it's shut down.
2. You'll probably never be able to transfer purchases from one digital marketplace to another.
Don't buy a digital movie through your cable company if you're thinking about cutting the cord.
3. No game that stores your progress server-side or that relies on a server will last forever, and you will lose your characters and all of their data when the game shuts down.
This goes for many current games, not just MMOs, but also many popular mobile games.
Remember that before you spend real money on virtual currency.
4. All multiplayer-only games and multiplayer modes and other games will either shut down eventually or simply become so unpopulated as to be virtually unplayable.
When you buy these games, remember you are buying a temporary experience and enjoy it while you can.
It's virtually impossible to say I'm not buying any digital games at present because there's so many digital exclusive games that are definitely worth playing.
What's everybody else's thoughts on the current myriad of the digital marketplace?
Now, Falco Jones says,
Despite there being no guarantee, I think one can make an educated guess about which companies will last through the long haul.
I don't think Valve or Sony are going away anytime soon, and if I really care about being able to play a game longer than a digital store will allow me, I'll make an effort to buy it on disc, if possible, like I did with Ni No Kuni.
For my digital movie and song purchases, I stick with Apple. I just go with what's established to be safe.
I almost got into OnLive, but glad I thought better of it.
Why even buy through Apple when you're going to have DRM associated with that? Just buy like Amazon or something, then you have an MP3.
Well, and speaking of the DRM thing, I think that's another reason that I notice wasn't mentioned in either post where I feel a little more safe with Valve.
Valve has basically guaranteed their customers in the, I mean I guess supposedly they could do whatever they want, but I feel pretty confident that if Valve ever does pull the plug on Steam, they can press a button that makes all the games DRM-free.
Ta-da! Well, that you've bought, I should say. The games that you've bought are now free!
No, but the games that you bought are DRM-free, so I'm like okay, so at least there's an exit strategy, and I think that's what's important to know. What is the company's exit strategy?
For things like Sony and Microsoft, you know, Sony and really Microsoft as well are really getting into this now Steam game of really deep cutting the price of games.
Sony has yet another flash sale going on this weekend, right? I just bought Retro City Rampage for like $3.50, right?
Well, I didn't buy it because I already have it on PS3 and Vita, but yeah, I've bought stuff through that. Like the dollar sale that they had.
But my thought is, okay, I paid only $3. If it goes away, eh. And you're right, and I do kind of keep that in my mind, is that when I buy the game digitally, I do think if this goes away someday, am I going to be pissed?
And with those games that I buy on a deep discount, nah. And I've talked about this on a previous show, not to repeat myself too much, but that's why I think the equity is so important.
Like if I pay $60 for a game, I want the equity of having the discs that's worth something so that I can give that back. But if I pay $15 for the same game, eh.
You know, and I'm totally with you with that, but for some stupid reason, and I don't know if it's sheer laziness or what, or the convenience, I've bought like literally all my games digitally since I've had my console and my PlayStation 4.
All my games have been digital, including full release games, with the exception being the ones I bought with my console. Which is weird, because I'm totally against that type of thing, but for some reason I'm buying my games digitally.
I think it's just literally convenience.
RawsteelUT wants to point out in chat over at live.fognetwork.com that Amazon MP3 and current Apple M4A are DRM-free.
Some other comments on these posts here, Kaijuto saying, I disagree with this guy. I don't like digital, but the one good thing about digital is that it can literally last forever. If you look hard enough for your favorite game, you'll find it.
IkumaJP says, Nino Kuni doesn't need any copy. It needs to go straight to the trash. Shade.
Ragenator says, I have some stuff from good old games, but all that stuff is permanently free or was free at one point. They have given away a few games.
Well, at least one bonus of buying all these humble, vulnerable games is a lot of times you get DRM-free versions of them anyways, so you have that to go against.
Anyway, good topics you guys, and that was just some of them. So you're going to have to visit the forums if you want to see more over at vognetwork.com slash forums.
But I do want to move on with the show, getting into some rapid-fire news up next. Loki.
Speaking of a really old game that I haven't played in a very long time, since Windows 3.1, that's how old.
Chips Challenge. It's going to be coming back, and they're actually bringing Chips Challenge and Chips Challenge 2, which never really happened originally.
That's going to be coming back to Steam May 29th, and you can buy them as a bundle for $4.99.
They're also going to include both games and the editor, or if you just want the original game, you can buy that for $2.
So that's pretty sweet. God, it's been so long since I've played a game.
I was looking at the screenshot and I was like, I don't even remember how the hell I played this thing. I had keys and doors, I know that.
Postal 2 got an expansion. How long has that game been out? Forever?
Yeah, Postal 2 got an expansion. I guess they even had a little video that was along with that.
But apparently you can buy the expansion for $7.99. Otherwise, if you get it by April 21st, it's only $6.79.
So that's pretty cool. And apparently the expansion is called Paradise Lost, and it picks up after Apocalypse Weekend.
And I guess it puts you back in the hometown of the dude.
It's kind of weird to see a game that's so old like this have a new expansion for it.
It's kind of nice. Speaking of value and what you get out of games, it's kind of nice to see such an old game, even though I think Postal is kind of a hokey series.
But whatever. Something getting that type of support is still awesome for the people that...
Can we see a Duke Nukem 3D expansion or something like that? Because that'd be pretty sweet.
Yeah, there's Duke Nukem Forever.
No, no. I don't even know what you're talking about. That doesn't make any sense to me. I know that was supposed to come out someday.
There's user-generated content, I'm sure, still being made for Duke Nukem 3D.
Somebody out there still making content for Duke Nukem 3D, I'm sure. And I'm sure people are still remaking current games in Duke Nukem 3D.
Bless the internet.
Bless it.
And then hopefully, as I was mentioning earlier with all that buying games digitally and stuff, hopefully this gets a digital release as well.
But apparently Journey is getting a physical release on the PlayStation 4 this summer.
And it's going to be on a disc along with Flow and Flower.
I think they released a bundle like that on PS3. There was like a That Game Company bundle.
Yes, they did have that. And I think it was those three games as well.
Nice.
Maybe. I think it was, yeah.
Alright. Well, moving on to a few stories that I have for you guys, starting with, Loki was talking about Steam.
I want to talk about the Humble Store, because it's time for yet another Humble Bundle of note.
Because this is another one where EA is taking part.
So it is a Humble Origin Bundle, meaning that these games will be unlocked on Origin.
It's actually the second one they've done. So it's Humble Origin Bundle 2.
And the charity of choice for this, actually there's a few.
There's Girls Who Code is one of the charities.
There's the V Foundation. I hope I'm saying that right. I'm going off the logo here.
Yeah, it's the V Foundation for Cancer Research.
And then Build On.
So these are the charities that this is supporting.
And if you pick this up, which you can at HumbleBundle.com through, I guess you still have about eight more days.
You've still got another good week to get in on this.
Yeah, they haven't even announced the other games that are unlocked.
Yeah, there's a mystery game. I was going to get to that.
But what you can get, for whatever price, you get Dragon Age Origins.
You heard Jamie talk about it earlier. You can form your own decision.
Which is a game that they put out for free?
Yeah, but if you didn't get it, then you can't get it for free now.
Dragon Age Origins, which is also available on Steam.
Pagel, Dead Space 2, which is available on Steam.
Medal of Honor, Allied Assault War Chest, and Command & Conquer Generals plus Zero Hour.
So those are all available for whatever.
I actually don't have Dead Space 2.
If you pay more than $5, technically $4.93, but charity people, $5.
You get Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare, which I always thought was a free game anyway.
They gave it out to us for free. It's on PlayStation 4.
Thank you.
Dragon Age 2, Bejeweled 3, and Mass Effect 2.
And any game that's available on Steam is Origin and Steam, so you can have both.
And then they do promise, as Loki said, more games to come soon, so who knows what else will come.
Do the thing, people.
For over that $5.
I want all of you to play through Dragon Age 2.
Yeah, here's the problem.
I honestly own every single one of these games except for Medal of Honor and Command & Conquer.
And let's be real, I'm never going to play Medal of Honor.
I don't want Dead Space 2 because I don't have it.
I don't think Generals is supposed to be that good anyway.
I could have one and three for free.
I think Allen has two.
I thought Dead Space 2 was part of the last Humble Bundle that they did, or was that Dead Space 1?
That was the first one.
Anyway, sorry, I don't mean to speak.
I still will probably buy it just because it's charity, you know?
And, you know, I don't...
Actually, do I have Mass Effect 2?
Oh, I do have Mass Effect 2 digitally.
I did buy the entire trilogy several times, but I don't have Bejeweled 3.
The thing that I like though with these is that you can gift them to people.
That's true.
So I'm just going to support the charity.
I could buy it because, I mean, I don't have enough Steam games.
I'm sure the more games coming soon will be kind of...
There's some great mods for Dragon Age Origins, just saying.
Yeah.
So there you go, you got the Humble Origin.
You should play Skyrim.
More Skyrim.
I think you could really get into that.
I actually modded a bunch of stuff in it already and then started doing my mods.
But, I don't know. I'm just still so into Inquisition right now.
It's ridiculous.
I have to, believe it or not, agree with Loki.
I'm a little surprised that's one of those games you didn't do.
I just sort of lost interest in it because I'm really not into that universe.
Yeah. I mean, it's fair. I'm not going to shove it down your throat.
I'm sure that they have ways to mod it so that it's more like Dragon Age.
I also hate first person games.
Oh, you can flip it into third person in Skyrim, can't you?
Yes.
Yeah, you can flip it into third person. That might help.
Okay.
A lot of people don't realize that because every screenshot you ever see of it is first person.
But you can play the whole thing in third person.
Can I walk around in a fur bikini?
Uh, ask Alan.
Yes.
It can be done.
Because that's completely stupid.
I didn't think you had to mod that. That's actually part of the game.
Alan can hook you up with the boobies and dong mod.
He can.
He can get you all the boobies and dongs.
I'm just going to keep playing Dragon Age.
Uh-huh. Alright.
Better universe and it has Fenris in it.
Anyway.
I bet you could put him in that game.
Hold on, I'm going to get Jamie back on track right now.
I have to talk about Mass Effect 4.
Yes.
And I'm not at all pissed off about this news.
So there's, well it's not news, it's rumors.
I'm not at all pissed off about these rumors.
Capital rumor, italicized, bolded, because I believe this information is coming from NeoGaf.
So, or maybe it's Reddit, but either way.
Let me now, to everybody listening, I'm now distributing your salt containers.
Here you go.
Here's your side of salt.
Take this news with.
But you know what I got to say?
It sounds plausible.
So if this is fanfic, it's really good fanfic.
So here's the deal.
The game is supposedly, and this was all taken from a survey.
So there was a survey out there which is not out of character for BioWare to do.
So I believe I'd heard Dragon Age Inquisition information leaked out in a similar manner in advance of the game's release.
So supposedly the game is four times the size of Mass Effect 3.
And it will take place in a place that is far removed from time and space than what it's Shepard did.
So it's like a completely different part of the galaxy.
It's Mass Effect Voyager.
It's the Delta Quadrant, basically.
Except there's no Captain Janeway.
Unless you name your character Janeway, which I might do.
You can name her Jane Way.
And then whatever the last name is.
Jane Way, Shepard, or whatever they end up calling her in Mass Effect 4.
It's not going to be Shepard.
I always play male Shep because you know I'm going to get my man-on-man romance on.
Sorry, Dark Sakura.
But it's for a gay cause.
So I could romance trainer if I wanted to.
You can.
You can do whatever you like.
They finally have mods to remove the crappy fake underwear.
Anyway, you will be playing a Pathfinder leading an expedition to establish a new home for humanity.
So now it's like the next generation Slash Voyager.
Anyway, you will collect resources and build colonies while you're coming into contact with aliens and outlaws.
You're exploring, I guess, the Remnants, which is an unknown race.
And I'm betting is the tie into the current trilogy, no matter what they say about the far removed.
This technology will hold the key to gaining power in that part of the galaxy.
There's blueprints.
Areas become colonized.
You recruit mercenaries.
You do an AI strike team, not too dissimilar from the Inquisition teams in Dragon Age Inquisition.
You can use them to do remote missions and they actually play out in real time.
And apparently, the strike teams also end up being part of the multiplayer feature of the game.
Is that you can join three friends and basically be a part of these strike teams.
Which is basically Horde mode, which is very similar to what we saw in Mass Effect 3.
So anyway, this all sounds certainly plausible.
And I think a lot of people, assuming that this will be very distant from the current Mass Effect trilogy,
but you know there's going to be some thread.
I'm sorry, there's going to be a thread that ties it together.
We'll see.
Lastly, Bethesda doing an E3 press conference this year, speaking of Skyrim and probably Fallout this year,
E3 invites went out for the June 14th presentation.
However, even though the flyer that went out featured Dishonored and Doom and Wolfenstein,
the Vault Boy from the Fallout games was not present on the invite.
But that doesn't really mean anything. I'm sorry.
Yeah, Wolfenstein, they're just going to be talking about the old order.
Or DLC or something.
Yeah, that's just coming out in May anyways.
And Doom, who gives a shit about Doom?
But I think they'll have other things.
They'll be something, it's just not on the flyer.
Of course, why would they want to spoil it?
That's why I'm mentioning it as rapid fire news.
It's really not a big deal.
We'll find out on June 14th, which apparently we're going to find out live on OLR.
We're going to be on live at the same time as this press conference.
So we haven't really decided yet.
Maybe I need to start a forum topic on this.
Do you want us to, because we're not going to have the rights to stream the press conference as it goes on.
So we can do a few things.
We can A, ignore completely that it's happening.
Do our show, screw the press conference, we'll catch up with it after the fact.
Nope.
B, we can stop the show while the press conference is happening.
And then resume the show after.
So it's basically like a very long break in between parts A and B.
We can stop the show while the press conference happens.
Well how long is this press conference?
Probably an hour. I think that's about how long they all are, right?
Or we can, we would shorten the rest of the show so it wouldn't, you know.
Or we can C, watch the press conference on the TV here in studio even though I can't run the audio because that part's copyright.
And we can do live commentary.
Why would it be copyright though?
They do that same shit like on IGN and stuff where they commentate over it.
I thought they would have permissions to do that and so forth.
I don't know. I'll look into the legalities of it.
Or what about D, pizza.
Ooh, you make a good case, StarSakura.
Alright, and either way they'll be pizza.
Anyway, don't yell it out in chat right now. I'll start a forum topic later on because your votes in chat will be lost.
And I want to make sure everything is collected.
But that's something we've got to consider this week.
Alright, speaking of dark soccer, you've got some rapid fire news for us too.
Hell yeah, speaking of me.
Famitsu has put out items from an interview with Tetsuya Nomura.
Who's basically saying that they are doing...
They've got character designs out for Squeenix's new smartphone RPG called Rampage Land Rankers.
And that they are going to release information about Kingdom Hearts 3 at D23 Expo in Japan.
Which is the big Disney Expo.
And there's also a few things about the new Dissidia Final Fantasy characters to be released.
In other news, you can play Hearthstone on mobile now.
Hearthstone, sorry.
So, bust out your iPads.
I guess.
Like 50,000 other people at work that play Hearthstone.
And then last but not least, the Department of Justice is saying no to the Comcast Time Warner Cable merger.
This was reported by Bloomberg that said that they will be blocked by the Justice Department.
The $45.2 billion merger is basically going to be opposed because it's supposed to cause harm to consumers.
And, you know, I just keep thinking that old Teddy Roosevelt would just say, break them up.
Break them up.
If you studied your US history.
So, anti-trust, anti-monopoly.
I think both those companies have some issues they need to work out independently before any type of merger happens anyway.
I mean, every week there's some horror story about Comcast out there, right?
It's just like, oh my God.
Well, in Time Warner, they bought Roadrunner.
So, that was their big thing.
Well, all of them have bought other companies.
There was a small little indie company out in Roseville that used to do cable and Comcast bought them up.
And I remember back in the 80s, like, this company was doing shit that is like technology from today.
Like, you could order and play games on your TV through the cable box.
That was unheard of in 84 and 85 when this was happening.
So, anyway.
This is why we can't have nice things.
That's right. This is why we can't have nice things.
All right, let's get to the foogle question of the week.
Every week we go to our Facebook and Google communities, slam those names together, you get foogle.
Why am I playing that?
That's the wrong theme song.
I was like, wait a minute, that doesn't sound right.
Rob's broken, everybody.
I take one week off.
One week off.
Good Lord, let's try this bumper instead for the foogle question of the week.
I mean, let's be real.
The songs don't sound that different.
All right.
This week we asked about the new Guitar Hero.
You know, our roots are in music gaming, so I'm sure a lot of our listeners have an opinion on Guitar Hero.
It was confirmed that Guitar Hero is coming for a revival from the team that brought us DJ Hero.
It's probably way too early to compare Guitar Hero and Rock Band.
We'll know more after E3.
But we certainly have an idea of the creative direction both games are going in.
What do you think of Guitar Hero's new direction?
Have you made a decision in your head if you're going to buy one, the other, or both?
I'm totally buying one.
It's called DJ Hero whenever that comes out.
Shush.
All right, Andy R. over on Facebook starts us off tonight saying,
I was relieved when I saw that the DJ Hero team was doing the new Guitar Hero.
I'm going to reserve judgment until the game is out,
but given that they made the only good star hero game in Activision,
I have more hope than when it was a rumor.
Still more excited for Rock Band, though.
Fifth Dream says, I just pre-ordered Guitar Hero Live a few seconds ago.
I'm excited since this is my first time playing one of these games with the instrument controllers.
Rage Nader says, I probably won't get either if only because I'm console-less
and both series are hardly known for PC releases.
Even with that being said, I have very little faith in the Guitar Hero series
because it's put out by Activision.
And we all know that Activision is notorious for running series into the ground.
They did it with Tony Hawk, they did it with Guitar Hero.
The latter is the reason why the music genre kind of died
and both Guitar Hero and Rock Band took a few years off.
Now to be fair, to Rage Nader's comment,
didn't they say the Guitar Hero would be playable,
like they'd have a version that wouldn't even need a console?
Yeah, they had said it. In fact, I don't know if they were supposed to be demonstrating it on stage or whatever,
but they said they were going to have it on tablets and phones
and that it's basically the full version of the game
and I guess there's somehow that the instruments work with it.
I don't know how that works.
So PC seems like a logical possibility too since it's coming to literally everything else.
I guess.
Yeah, so I wouldn't count the PC out on that one.
Anyway, just to be fair, although the rest of the point still stands.
Matt J says, I think innovation is good,
but I think they may be trying to innovate in the wrong direction.
Lack of full band is a serious step back,
so they would have to do a lot to make this appealing to the drummer and singer crowd if that's their plan.
I know many active people in the rock band community were sorely disappointed to hear about the new instrument
since it means that functionality, it won't function conventionally, if at all, in the new rock band.
After all, it seems like 90 plus percent of the rock band population prefers the Guitar Hero peripherals.
That's right, I remember that, is that people preferred the controllers over there,
but they liked the game over here and now that's not really going to be a thing this time.
That's a good point.
And then lastly on Facebook, Legend of Zaku says,
quote, those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
With that said, I'm hopeful Activision doesn't oversaturate the nearly dead rhythm game scene with bland annual releases.
If anything, less is always more. Just look at rock band with plenty of time between releases.
But I like how they're like, but hey, the controller works with any other games we put out for Guitar Hero on this platform.
It's like, whatever.
And to be fair, I love rock band, but they were starting to go down that slope too in the end.
Rock band 3, rock band Green Day, rock band Beatles, rock band, I mean, it was,
and wasn't there another one that was planned that they'd scrapped at some point?
I don't know, but they were starting to get there. Not as bad as Activision, granted, but it was happening a little bit on both sides.
Anyway, as a result, they managed to endure the crash perpetrated by Activision's disasters like Band Hero
and the infamous on-the-house Guitar Hero Van Halen.
To sum it up, either this nibbles at Harmonix's ankles if they can once again crap the bed trying to reanimate their decades-old corpse of a franchise.
Ouch.
Alright, let's go to Google+, because I'm sure we have some opinions there as well.
We have just a couple. Redertainment saying, I don't know much information about either game,
and I don't want to see more before I make a purchasing decision.
Also, excuse me, I'm sorry, I totally mis-said his comment.
I want to see more before making a purchasing decision.
Also, Project Buy a House. So, no pre-orders for Redertainment at this time.
I'm in Project Buy a House, too.
Act Def says, considering that Rock Band 4 will have backwards compatibility with DLC, I'm getting it for the reason alone,
but I'm willing to give Guitar Hero Live a chance, since it does feel like a really cool concept,
maybe get the Wii U version for it, and get Rock Band 4 for Xbox One.
So, those are the comments there from our Facebook and Google communities.
Thanks to you guys for answering.
Since we already talked about it here in studio, I'm not going to go around and get our input on it.
I'm just going to go back into the next story, so we can get to the mailbag, and the FUs, and the phone calls, and all that good stuff.
So, let's get to Loki.
Alright. So, this is kind of weird. I mean, you'd never really think of this from Sony,
but Sony is wanting to definitely turn properties, game properties, into movies.
And they've already started doing that with some of their own properties, like Ratchet and Clank, and other stuff like that.
But now, they're looking to expand beyond that, and actually bring in some Nintendo properties,
such as Mario Donkey Kong, Legend of Zelda Pokemon, and Smash Bros.
And this is coming out of the leaked emails from the Sony Pictures Hack.
God, I want to say we talked about this with Super Mario Bros. or something like that.
Yeah, Super Mario Bros. was talked about a couple months ago in a select email,
but what I believe happened is that more emails came out to WikiLeaks this week,
and I think that's where the rest of this is coming from.
So, yes, they're looking at other non-Nintendo properties being turned into films,
such as Sonic the Hedgehog, BioShock, Metal Gear Solid, also Gran Turismo and Uncharted as other options.
I think, though, aren't they already doing an Uncharted movie?
They are. That one's happening.
Yeah, so, I don't know. It'd be interesting to see that as something that happens, but I'm highly doubtful that it would.
But I would like to see it. I mean, that would be pretty cool.
Yeah, Smash Bros. movie. That would be crazy, but kind of awesome at the same time.
That's like a Nintendo fanboy's wet dream.
Then again, that could end up like Captain N.
So, I don't know. I don't know.
I don't think it would end up like Captain N. We're not in the 80s anymore.
That's true. You'd be careful.
It would end up like Sonic Boom.
All right, well, speaking of Smash Bros., there is another rumor out there, rumor,
but this one trying to show some receipts to prove it,
and that is from some hacking and reviewing of the 3DS Super Smash Bros. patch.
There was a recent patch that did some changes and then, of course, enabled Mewtwo for the DLC.
And apparently, by data mining this patch, they have found some files located in slash BGM, or background music,
and some of the files have in the file name SF2 underscore Ryu underscore 3DS,
and then there's another one underscore F underscore Roy underscore 3DS.
So, this indicates that Ryu from Street Fighter could be in Smash Bros.,
and this has a lot of people going,
What? Because, of course, Ryu is more aptly known for Street Fighter, which is a very different type of game than Smash Bros.
We've got Rockman.
Yeah. That's true. We do have Rockman.
But, you know, do you think about Street Fighter when you think about Nintendo these days?
Because they didn't even put Street Fighter IV on Nintendo.
But Street Fighter II, like, that was the Super Nintendo game.
That was arcade perfect, quote-unquote, it wasn't really, but it was really, really damn close, like, in your living room on the Super Nintendo.
Like, Street Fighter II was a must-have on the Super Nintendo.
So, I mean, it makes kind of sense in that regard if we're getting, like, a classic Ryu type of thing, but, hmm.
And then Roy, of course, is from Fire Emblem, and that one, you know, you kind of look at that and go,
Okay, yeah, that makes sense.
So, a lot of people, less people talking about that, except the people that are excited to see it, because, you know, they're Roy fans, but we'll see.
Anyway, yeah, Ryu from Street Fighter could be in Smash Bros.
By the way, there's also a patch being worked on to fix Mewtwo, because apparently there were some issues with Mewtwo being used in Ten Man Smash.
So, yeah, they're saying avoid some of these single-player modes, like classic All-Star Stadium and so forth, using Mewtwo, while we work on rolling out a patch.
But regular Smash, Smash Tour, and all that is just fine. Otherwise, that seems like a pretty big kind of whoops for some first major DLC for the game.
But, alright, we get it, Nintendo doesn't do these things every day, so.
This literally is, like, almost their first DLC.
Nah, you can't shade them that way, though, because the Mario Kart DLC is freaking great, so.
Okay, well, props to them for that.
The Super Mario Bros. 2 gold coins thing on 3DS, that's some good stuff, so.
But, yeah, they don't do it every day, let's put it that way.
But I will say, you know, because we had a pretty heated debate about DLC earlier, Nintendo does bring rich, additional new experiences with their DLC.
So, you know what, it's a bummer that this one kind of shit the bed in some ways, but they'll fix it, you know, in some of the later DLC sounds exciting and it'll be better.
Alright, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Sonic! Sonic, Dan and I were actually watching a whole bunch of Sonic the Hedgehog stuff last night, including people who put Knuckles in Sonic, the first Sonic the Hedgehog.
So, next we are getting, officially, though, from Sega, we are getting 3D classics, which is 3D Sonic the Hedgehog 2, 3D Streets of Rage 2, and 3D Gunstar Heroes!
That makes me happy!
I mean, basically, it doesn't really matter about anything else, because Gunstar Heroes.
But we also, though, did have a recent release that, of course, had Fantasy Zone 2 and Thunder Blade, which are also two games on the Master System that use the FM sound chip, just saying.
So, awesome stuff. Happiness. But Gunstar Heroes will be out in August, and that's the important one.
You're like, there's all these Sega games?
It's Treasure!
I know.
Treasure.
And the 3D re-releases are pretty quality, too.
Because they have Fantasy Zone.
That's Fantasy Zone 2, not Fantasy Zone.
I guess that's true.
But Fantasy Zone came out with the Sega ages, or the Sega 2500 releases that came out on PS2.
And that was a really, really good remake of Fantasy Zone.
Dark Tetsuya in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Yeah, that was about my reaction when I heard Gunstar was coming to 3D classics, as good as Sonic 2 and Streets of Rage 2 were.
And Hitstun says, Did 3D Streets of Rage 1 have multiplayer?
I have to admit, I didn't pick that up.
I love Streets of Rage for the soundtrack, but the gameplay?
I have a really hard time playing some of those old fighting games. They're really rough around the edges now.
And that's not just Streets of Rage, that's Final Fight 2.
It's kind of hard for me to go back and play Final Fight.
I don't know about you, DarkSakura, but I'm like, these games, they were better when I was 12.
I have no problem going back and playing Final Fight.
Especially going back and playing Final Fight Guy.
I was going to say, I bet you only play the one where you can play as Guy.
And Mighty Final Fight.
Mighty Final Fight is adorable and fun.
Alright.
And River City Ransom, because I say, hurl.
And barf.
Alright, Loki.
Alright, so Star Ocean 5 has been announced for Playstation 4 and Playstation 3.
And it looks very, very pretty.
Not sure when that's coming out, though.
But it looks really, really pretty.
Apparently, there's some more details that have been leaked out regarding the game from Famitsu.
They're saying the full title of the game is Star Ocean 5 Integrity and Faithlessness.
And it's set on the planet of Fae Creed, which is 6,000 light years away from Earth.
And it looks amazing.
I know a lot of people are really excited about this.
More to come at E3, maybe?
I'm guessing.
Especially since, I don't know, it looks like it's probably going to be either late this year or early next year is when that's going to be released.
I think some people thought this series was kind of done.
Yeah, because I don't think the last one did that great.
I mean, it was a decent game, but I don't think it sells as well as Final Fantasy over here.
I'm not sure what it does in Japan.
It's probably something that's a little more cult status, I think.
At least here.
I'm guessing probably next year sometime is when that's going to be released.
Because it looks like they're saying right now that the game is 30% done.
Makes sense.
It looks nice for 30% done, though.
Moving on to the game Destiny, which supposedly has a 10-year track. Remember that?
Oh, God.
So, Destiny has released some more details this week.
Actually, there was a patch.
Pretty big patch that went out for Destiny this week.
Update 1.1.2 went out this week.
It's 4.3 gigs in size for the Xbox One.
And for PlayStation 4, it's 6 gigs.
What does this patch give?
Different vault capacity.
Your vault gets increased.
Colorblind support, which is awesome to hear about accessibility changes.
So, there's different ways that it will support different types of colorblindness.
For highly color-driven gameplay elements.
Motion tracker, loot drop, shield energy, and item categories.
That's really cool.
Audio controls are also available in the settings menu.
There's a volume control and music toggling.
Item lock will now allow you to prevent gear and weapon from being accidentally dismantled.
And the purple ball in the tower is now an interactive sphere that has an energy core that grows with object velocity and tints based off the time of day.
They also made some general changes to some ammo things when you're switching weapons.
There are some perks that are in the game.
Some generic world things, like you can wear your helmets in a social space now.
Quest loot baubles are easier to spot.
So on and so on.
There's some other little changes there.
Also this week in Destiny, House of Wolves was given some more details, including a release date, May 19th.
This is the second expansion.
No raid in the new expansion, which is kind of surprising because that's been the big thing.
You know, like Crota's End was in this last expansion.
So there's not going to be a raid.
However, there will be a new type of end game activity, they're saying.
And Bungie says, you know, we didn't make this decision lightly.
Our team has been humbled by the reception of raids, and we're going to create a new raid for release later this year.
But House of Wolves will have a new cooperative end game activity focused on variety, replayability, and skill.
We don't know exactly what this is all about, but we'll learn more about it in the coming weeks.
Bungie will talk about how gear will be upgraded in the expansion.
Also the Trials of Osiris, the Prison of Elders.
And these are new additions to Destiny's end game activities.
They say Battle Arena is what Prison of Elders is supposed to be like.
I wonder if they aren't going to take kind of a Diablo approach, maybe?
Where there's some type of like randomized map that you can do?
Because that's kind of Diablo's end game.
And how you get loot there is that you run these randomized maps, and they get harder and harder.
And they kind of scale with, you know, depending on how well you're performing.
And the harder it gets, the more loot that drops, and the better loot that drops.
I wonder if that would be a direction for Destiny.
I don't know, just kind of throwing that out there as an idea.
Dungeon Buster says, I hope House of Wolves fixes the crap upgrade system.
That coming from live.vognetwork.com.
You know, I did plug in and check out Destiny, you know, after I got the new TV.
Because I was like, oh, I want to see what a pretty game looks like on the TV.
So I was checking out Destiny a little bit.
And yeah, I'm still just bothered by the fact that I'm so stuck where I'm at until I get the gear I need.
You know, like it's all, your level is based off gear.
And it's just so, I never got used to that.
It was weird.
But at least they up the number of bounties you can hold at one time.
So I feel like I can do more stuff at a time, and that's kind of nice.
So I will say that.
Alright, so that's all I got on Destiny.
So I think now's the time where we're going to go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails to our mailbag and you can reach us.
Participate at Orangelaunchradio.com is the place to send your emails.
Again, that's participate at Orangelaunchradio.com.
Dark Soccer is going to put on her birthday hat and dive into the mailbag.
And pull out a piece of cake and a few emails tonight.
This is a freaking long email. My god, people.
We were gone for a week. People had a lot to say.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Hey, OLR crew. ACHP here.
I don't have a next gen console yet, but I went back and forth between a PS4 and Xbox One for a solid week trying to decide what exclusives I wanted to play on each.
In the end I decided to get a GeForce GTX 970 for my PC instead.
Good call.
Well, the GTX 970 has the same VRAM that's got everyone's panties in a bunch where the last half gig of RAM is accessed at a much slower rate than the first three and a half.
It's actually a very solid card that can run every current game at the highest settings at 1920x1080.
But enough about that.
In order to test the card and put it through its paces, I got a few games for PC.
Metal Gear Solid 5 Ground Zeroes, Middle Earth Shadow of Mordor, and Dead or Alive 5 Last Round.
DOA 5 Last Round's PC version has been the source of a lot of controversy ever since the Koei Tecmo asked modders please don't mod the game.
But it hasn't been getting a lot of press coverage the fact that instead of porting the PS4 and Xbox One versions of the game to PC, they actually ported the last gen version to PC.
That means that the particle effects and texture shaders are nowhere near as good looking as the PS4 version, which I was able to check out on my roommate's PS4 by downloading the free to play Core Fighters pack that sells extra fighters for $4 a piece.
Additionally, Koei Tecmo announced that this version also does not have the current gen version, Yawaraka, or Soft Engine, which attempts to render breast movement as realistically as possible.
Somewhat disappointed that I ended up with a glimpsed version of the game, I took to the internet to see what modders were doing.
Let's get this out of the way.
Obvious, yes, there were nude mods.
But it turns out that people were also using custom shaders to make the PC version look leaps and bounds better than the originally shipped product.
After applying a few tweaks, I decided to put my graphics card to the test and render the game in 4K in order to really see the difference between original and the versions the modding community were able to crank out two or three days after the game's release.
Here are some comparison pictures I put together. Feel free to take a look at them and post links in chat.
I'm going to post one of these links here in our chat room, sorry to the folks that are listening to radio only, but you're just getting screenshots from the game that have been rendered here in this engine.
That looks night and day.
Yeah, you definitely can see a difference between the two.
Yeah.
So anyway, and by the way people, please don't message me while I'm reading email.
Because I can't check it.
As you can see in just a few days, using a freely available shader tool called SweetFX, the modding community was able to drastically improve the look of the game.
Making sweat water and dirt pop, making skin have a more lifelike texture, making the world in general less flat and more sharp.
They could have easily been implemented as check boxes or sliders within the game, as it is the PC version has a standalone config app that must be run in order to change the resolution or anti-aliasing effect.
It's really disappointing to me that not only did KT not do any work with the port, they didn't even announce that these features wouldn't be present until less than a week before the game was released.
Especially when they had a huge pre-order campaign where the more people who pre-ordered the PC version, the more free costumes each of the people who pre-ordered would receive when the game launched.
Unfortunately, most mods can't bring actual engine changes, which means no soft boobs mode for PC version ever.
I'm sorry, I have to jump in. I wasn't following this game as closely, but that blows my mind. They were having a pre-order campaign, but they were purposely withholding some of these key details.
Which, to be fair, people were probably assuming the PC version was going to be of a certain caliber, and it just straight up wasn't.
But this is why I rarely pre-order games. Rarely.
Of course, it's a catch-22. If no one buys the game because the PC port was terrible, KT will use that as an excuse to never release on the PC again.
If everyone buys it, they will just put as little work into the next releases as possible, just like this one in Dynasty Warriors 8.
In the end, the consumer gets the shaft, and for my part, I would rather have the option to play on PC, where I can get it on sale more easily and mod it to look better anyway, than have no option at all.
What do you guys think about shoddy PC ports? I think I remember Rob had a similar experience with Final Fantasy 13 as well.
I did.
Yours truly, and sorry for the lengthy email, AZHP.
I did have a similar experience with Final Fantasy 13. When it first came out, the Steam release, or the PC release of the game, it was locked to two different modes.
It was not good. But they patched it two months later with graphic options that, funny enough, the modding community was doing.
People were using this very popular tool to be able to give the graphic options they want, and it was ridiculous that they weren't in the game in the first place.
I felt really stupid for having bought the game without really testing this stuff first.
But you can bet your ass I was not buying 13-2, which they were promoting pre-orders and put out for sale two months later.
You can bet I didn't buy that, which ultimately was gifted to me, I believe, by Dark Soccer during one of the sales.
But until they actually said they fixed it, and they went through with some of these changes.
So you're right, AZHP. It's a catch-22, but you have, especially when you're doing this pre-order campaign and everything, be in touch a little more with your community.
Have some forums where you're talking to people. Engage people on Twitter. Answer questions. Be upfront. Don't be shady, because it's going to just have this effect.
And I think sometimes that's where the role of a community manager is so important, and sadly, I think, probably considered by some, not all developers, but some, to not be valuable.
And this is an excellent case of, here's what happens when you're totally out of touch with your community.
Modders going to mod, hackers going to hack, and that guy can beg and plead, please don't mod our game all he wants. It's going to happen.
And when something like this happens, it's kind of embarrassing.
And I don't know who to blame for that. I don't like to blame devs. Usually these sorts of decisions are middle management, so maybe they just weren't given enough resources.
But it's embarrassing for whoever's involved. Sorry, Jamie.
It could also be that they want the PC version to be able to be played on as many different cards as possible.
You know, give it a wider audience, but that's just playing devil's advocate.
Hello, LR.
Wait, wait, sorry. Quick chat comment on the email. William Murderface in chat says, and I always love that name, William Murderface says,
The problem also is that PC gamers have been burned so much that many won't pre-order on principle. Can't say I blame you.
Rob.
What?
You need to watch Metalocalypse.
Why?
Because that's what William Murderface comes from.
Oh, is that what that's from?
It's a character named William Murderface.
If it's not RuPaul's Drag Race, I'm probably not watching it. Sorry.
Now come on, mailbag.
Hello, LR.
Rob, I just wanted to take a moment to make a recommendation regarding something to play on your new 60-inch TV.
Did you ever pick up PlayStation Move for the 15 minutes it was popular?
If the answer is no, I see the bundles of multiple controllers with the camera are going on eBay for under 50 bucks.
But why, you may ask?
Because if I got a 60-inch TV, the first game I would want to play on it would be Deadstorm Pirates.
Fucking love Deadstorm Pirates.
Okay.
For those who haven't been to a Dave & Buster's lately, and for the record, we are Deadstorm Pirates, is at John's Incredibly Mediocre Pizza.
I always forget about that place.
Deadstorm is a two-player closed-booth mounted gun game that is intense from start to finish. It's funny, too.
Some scenes out of the game are clearly made for big screen, like the high-speed mine cart chase, or going over the side of a waterfall.
The PS3 version is arcade perfect in every way, and is included as part of a Raising Storm collection, which can also be found on eBay for under 20 bucks.
They called it Time Crisis Raising Storm for some reason, although the two games are unrelated.
FYI, Raising Storm is another arcade perfect light gun style game.
Now, if you're not into arcade gun games as much as I am, I can't guarantee that you'll want to play these games over and over again.
They also have scoring systems that are more complex than they first appear, PSN leaderboards for the single-player and two-player teams, and some trophies to unlock as well.
The price of admission is lower than ever. If you're savvy, you can grab everything you need for 60 bucks or less.
Personally, I paid full price for all of it, and I would do it again.
As a bonus, most of the PlayStation Move packages include sports champions, and that's actually quite a lot of fun.
So yes, to anyone who has a big TV and a PS3, especially if you like arcade games, I would very much recommend Deadstorm Pirates, part of the Raising Storm collection.
Keep the trigger pulled, AaronYYR.
Okay, I'll do this, but only if Jamie agrees to come over and play with me.
I fucking love that game. Hell yeah, I'll come play it.
Alright, so I'll look into it. That's a really good suggestion.
I remember the PlayStation Move was kind of like underrated. I bet a lot of that stuff's cheap on Amazon if you can find it.
You can just borrow mine.
Really?
I have two Move controllers.
Sweet.
I'll bring them next week.
Dan and I actually beat Deadstorm Pirates for our anniversary last year.
Nice.
But as far as light gun games, like how often do I play them anymore? Rarely, because honestly, a piece of me died when they stopped making point blank.
That's what we need. Dark Soccer, that's what we need. We need a new point blank game. Why do those games go away?
Is that a CRT TV?
Uh, no, I don't think so.
Balls.
Uh, why? Because that's the only thing a light gun will work on?
Because I've still got all my light guns in the point blank collections for PS1 and PS2.
The one in the little arcade cabinet is, isn't it?
No, it's a pure monitor.
Damn it.
We can find one.
Yeah, for some reason-
Let's go to Goodwill.
Yeah, for some reason it still picks up a lot of, you know, interference though, so it's like an old shitty CRT.
Alright, last email?
Yes, last email.
If you didn't mention it, rumors say that there's a Five Nights at Freddy's movie planned, yes we know, for what it's worth.
They'll probably be more outcry over the over-hyped levels than the usual Hollywood corrupting art, etc.
I have no intention to pitch this officially, and I don't know how realistic it is based on the original content creators collaborate like this,
but I think it's- it'd be best served as a 90 minute tops grindhouse style compilation of three short indie horror games based movies,
with, uh, Five Nights being third.
Okay.
I see the first part being a Slender Man movie, yes I know the baggage of real life tragedies inspired by the lore.
I don't want to know how they work around that, which should be just enough found footage elements to avoid being a Blair Witch knockoff.
Part two could be based on the SCP security breach, which being more obscure than the other two would lend itself to some pretty interesting storytelling.
All three could rely on more practical effects than on CG, just be low budget feeling and campy enough to avoid being the
look how cheap and wacky we are guys, and the jump scare should definitely be more the I knew it, I fucking knew it, than the what the fuck was that kind.
It'd be hard, by the way, to have an effective PG horror movie in this day and age. Language should just be strong enough to be somewhat believable,
while more of the intense horror should come from psychological tension than buckets of gore and sex.
Buckets of sex? Don't ask.
That's what he said.
Obviously, something like this would only work with the right amount of, with the right people involved, if such people are even around Hollywood,
and can't be, and can't be done with Scott, Victor, Parsec, and 4chan slash Regal is just sitting in the back for paychecks.
Am I seriously calling for 4chan to be involved in a movie? Who would, but having some real measure of creative control in their worlds.
In theory, who would you see as part of this insanely rambling pipe dream? Robert M.
You know who could pull off a Grand House movie like that? Honestly, would be Tarantino and Rodriguez.
You get them on it together?
I just don't see a five minutes.
Great dialogue and lots of spookiness.
And, you know, I'm not one to squash the dreams and pitches of our listeners, so I apologize, but I think when you talk about three movies in one,
Nuh-uh. Nuh-uh. They want a franchise. There'll be one movie for the first game, and if it does well, there'll be a second movie for the second and so on.
Or maybe they don't necessarily have to mirror the games. They can be their own stories.
But, in fact, I kind of think that's what's going to happen. I kind of think they're just going to, all three games will kind of just hodgepodge into a movie.
I don't expect the movie to follow the games that closely.
It's just going to be the concept of Chuck E. Cheese gone crazy. That's it. That's what they're going to have in common.
Maybe little bits and pieces of the lore.
Oh, stop it.
Is that the noise when the little wolf is going to come get me? I hate that fucker.
It's the one when Freddy comes to get you.
It's the Toreador March.
Come back to Dr. Hill.
Cialand Chat says, Slenderman has better lore than the games.
ActdeftnChat says, this summer, you'll find the worst job ever.
We'll see.
Okay, do you know what, since I made that a ringtone on my phone, we've actually started singing about the cat to the Toreador March.
Singing about the song of Middle Spittittles.
Middle's the cat, don't poop on the floor.
It goes like, Middle's the tittles, cute as a little cat, I'll step on her and smoosh her flat.
To which we actually just, we pet her with our foot, but she acts like she's about to get squished.
Cialand Chat says, I hope it's a lot of T&A in the Freddy movie.
You're an awful human being.
No, he's not. Come on, we're all thinking it.
I wasn't. I'm not a perv like you guys.
Yeah, right.
I was thinking, okay, there is something though, I did post on my Facebook, not my Facebook, my Tumblr, and if Ronchon would find it for me and repost it, someone did a fan animation for Five Nights at Freddy's.
That's how the characters see themselves versus how Mike sees them.
And it actually is really, really well done.
Interesting.
But poor Chica.
Alright, is that it for emails?
Yes.
Alright, then we're going to get to the FUs of the week.
StarSakura, your FUs.
Getting older and... cancer.
Uh, Loki.
Uh, I'm FU'd being tired.
And also my stomach being upset, sort of.
My FU of the week goes to stress.
So bad to the point that it like hurts and makes me sick.
Which is some things I've been dealing with lately, but, you know, that's life, I guess.
Wow, what a happy FU segment we had tonight.
Okay, that's part of the reason we get it out of our systems so we can move on and continue to report some more gaming news and talk about it here on the show.
Just a couple more stories for you guys and then it'll be Skypline time.
First, Loki.
Yes, and this is kind of sad, but apparently 2K Australia has closed down and they were behind the latest entry into the Borderlands franchise, Borderlands the Pre-Sequel.
But yeah, that's kind of terrible.
Basically they said, you know, we can confirm that, you know, 2K responded back to the inquiry whether this is true or not.
And says, you know, we can confirm that we have taken steps to begin the studio closure process for 2K Australia in order to better manage the ongoing development costs while improving the working proximity of our creative teams.
We're very grateful for the team's valuable contributions to numerous 2K projects and we're working with the affected staff to explore reassignment opportunities where possible.
Well, gosh, I mean, they just didn't release that game that long ago and already this happens. It's kind of, did the game not do well or something?
No, I think it did well, but they worked on quite a few games, including, you know, all three Bioshock games, Zabiro, XCOM Declassified, and then before that, Tribes Vengeance, SWAT 4, and Freedom Force.
Well, I'm sad to hear about another studio closure, especially one I thought was doing better than that.
I mean, they just released that Handsome Jack collection, which incorporates the Pre-Sequel, right?
Yes.
This is so surprising to hear.
All right. Well, one more story for you guys, and this is something that was kind of, it's funny because this was in our intro to the show tonight and it's the last story, but I saved it for last because it kind of dips into last week a little bit because that's when this started coming up, but this has been an ongoing debate for a week now.
And this has to do with a little squabble going on right now between the EFF, or the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and the ESA, which is the organization that represents a lot of video game publishers in the US.
The EFF wants players to be able to have abandoned games be placed back online, asking that the US Copyright Office grant an exemption from the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
Meaning that if a game is no longer supported by the publisher, players could legally modify the code of the game in the hope of reconnecting these titles to new third-party servers, including things like Battlefield 1942, the original Star Wars Battlefront, Resistance, Mario Kart Wii, which relied on the GameSpy servers, right?
So, you know, someday Activision could pull the plug on Destiny, and this means that it would pretty much disappear, so what's going to kind of protect us from a game like that?
Oh, I look forward to third-party Final Fantasy XI servers someday.
Yeah, it doesn't even matter if you bought the disc with a game like Destiny, because you always have to be online pretty much to play it, right?
So, anyhow, a quote from the EFF, this exemption would serve player communities that wish to continue using their purchased games, as well as archivists, historians, and other academic researchers who preserve and study video games, and are currently inhibited by legal uncertainty.
And I think of things like Archive.org posted a whole lot of old, old, old games on there, just for, you know, preservation's sake, and I'm sure, you know, some companies don't want that to happen.
So the ESA says they're opposed. They say that modifying the game code is, quote, hacking, and it encourages piracy.
In order to make some of these games work on systems like the 360 or Wii, users would have to jailbreak the consoles.
Quote from the ESA, granting the proposed exemption would enable and encourage the play of pirated games and the unlawful reproduction and distribution of infringing content.
Now, ultimately, it's going to be up to the U.S. Copyright Office to rule on this. I mean, the EFF and the ESA can argue all they want, but the U.S. Copyright Office will examine exemption requests every three years.
The EFF has written a response to the ESA's arguments, which you can read more at EFF.org, saying that the gaming industry was built on tinkering and hobbyist hacking.
Games abandoned by their producers are one area where Section 1201 is seriously interfering with important lawful activities, like continuing to play the games you already own.
So, pretty intense debate going on there. Trying to look at both sides of it. I mean, I totally see that if a game is stopped being supported by the publishers, they pull it offline, they end the server support, it's done.
Why can't people continue to get the value out of their game?
I'm not understanding the point where they're saying that, you know, it will encourage people playing pirated games if we're talking about multiplayer servers here.
Right? Well, but then, let's look at a game like Mario Kart Wii. Sure, the plug has been pulled on the servers for that game, right?
But don't you think, Loki, on the current Wii U, we've got backwards compatibility now for the Nintendo 3DS for the Virtual Console, right?
And probably just a matter of time before we have GameCube games as well, right?
Right.
So, in fact, actually, we got Metro Prime Trilogy. We are seeing GameCube games. That is happening, right?
So, don't you think on the next Nintendo system, we're going to start getting downloadable Wii games?
And won't they want to have Mario Kart Wii be one of those downloadable Wii games?
Probably.
So, that's why they don't want people pirating it now. And I'm picking on Nintendo a little bit as an example, because I think it's one that...
Well, they already have that, though. I think, unless it's been shut down, Warp Pipe was one of the things that they had available for Mario Kart Double Dash to be able to play online using the LAN adapter or whatever.
So, I don't know if that's still around, but maybe something could be rigged in there where it spoofs the server response from GameSpy or whatever to get it to work somehow with Mario Kart Wii.
Where maybe you wouldn't need to modify the game, you just need to modify your router settings or something like that.
Let's see. Tigerclaw saying, with Battlefront 3 coming out this November, you can still play Battlefront 2 online using a third-party client that connects to servers.
And Hitstun says, I also play Tony Hawk's Underground 2 online using a PC mod and a third-party server.
We were playing Phantasy Star Blue Burst or whatever it was called on PC for a little bit with that, right?
And actually, that Metroid Prime trilogy, that wasn't a GameCube game, that was a Wii game.
So Wii U already has downloadable Wii games, because they put out Galaxy 1 or 2.
So it's probably just a matter of time before Mario Kart Wii comes out on Wii U. We don't even have to wait for the next console, right?
Yeah, but why would you want the Wii game to be online anyways? Because one, that would mean effort on Nintendo's part in the first place.
And two, why would you bother doing that when you could just remaster those tracks as more DLC for Mario Kart 8?
I had a brain lapse for a minute there, because when I was thinking of Metroid Prime trilogy, I was thinking of Metroid Prime, which was on the GameCube.
And I forgot, oh yeah, duh, the trilogy was on the Wii. Anyway, let's see.
Just like, you know, why bother, why would we want to have Animal Crossing as a downloadable game when there's virtual console games in there?
Yeah, right.
We wouldn't want that.
I would love that, but I don't think that'll ever happen anyway.
RawstealUT in chat says, gamers are doing this anyway, so yeah. I mean, that does kind of bring up a point.
The EFF and the ESA can bicker and argue and settle the legalese all they want, but, psh, hacker's gonna hack, modder's gonna mod.
Do we really need to think about how to stop this and maybe learn how to adapt to the inevitable?
And how much, I mean, how much, like, damage are you really, like, what sort of damages are you really talking about here from these games?
I mean, these are games that you aren't selling anymore, they're basically abandoned, and who gives a shit if people are playing multiplayer servers, you know, using them?
I just don't see the problem with that. You're talking, like, such a small group of people doing this that I just don't see how this possibly affects them in any way.
It just, greedy is what it is. It's them looking out for themselves in the future so that they can re-release shit on their own platforms.
Alright, GameGuru points out that Mario Kart DS is on Wii U Virtual Console but lacks its online play. I was curious how that whole thing would work.
So I guess you're right, Nintendo was just too, didn't bother to go back and fix it.
Oh yeah, of course. Fuck that, why would we put the effort in?
I didn't mean to make this all about Nintendo, but it's just who came to mind on who sells their back catalogue for a profit.
Oh yes, and who, oh, I'm sorry, our systems can't talk to each other so, you know.
Okay, okay, then let me change the discussion. What about good old games? I mean, a big niche of that company is that they sell old games.
Yes.
And I love that. I mean, I bought Covert Action and it plays on my current PC. I love GOG for that.
So, I mean, I'm not saying they're doing a bad thing at all, but I can see that as another reason why maybe the ESA wants to stop this.
But, it can't really be stopped, can it?
I don't understand why they would want to stop it, just because they're selling old games?
Well, because, okay, because they want to stop these mods and servers and things from going up because maybe someday the company is going to resell it and it will work with a new server or something like that.
I mean, maybe GOG is the best example.
So fucking bad. No, seriously, oh, I'm sorry, let me put all my plans on hold because you may decide like 20 years from now you might want to sell that old game again.
I'm sorry, but what about the like 20 plus years that you completely abandoned your entire audience for that game?
Remake it. Make a new game. There you go. Done.
Or just throw, I mean, because I think Sega, to their credit, when Blue Burst did and they threw out the third party tools and basically said, here's how to get your character, here's how to do all the stuff on yourself, have fun.
They gave everyone the ability to export their characters to private servers.
Yeah, and that's the way to do it.
That is exactly the way to do it. Not like NBA or 2K games where they're like, hey, old sports game, let's just shut the fucking servers off because we just don't want to run them anymore.
Okay, ActDeft wants to point out, very fair point, Sony also sells their old games and the ports are typically just, I'm adding this in, but typically the ports are just as lazy.
And to be fair, yes, Sony does sell those things.
I know what's kind of nice about those Sony games is when I buy one of them, I can play them on any platform that actually supports those games.
Whereas, you know, if I buy a virtual console game on the Wii, fuck, the Wii U doesn't know I bought that virtual console game and I can't fucking play that game anymore because they want more money from me.
Oh, I'm sorry, there's going to be some limitations due to technology or some bullshit. Whatever, I think it's a bunch of nonsense.
Alright, well, I am going to open up the Skype line over at 1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, if you want to call in on that topic or anything else we've discussed tonight, you can do so.
So, I'm not going to keep it open very long as I have something I have to do right after the show tonight, sorry, it's not going to end on time tonight, but we will keep it open for a little bit and see if we can at least get one, maybe two calls.
It's already lighting up, so let's get to it.
Hello, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, this is ActDeaf.
Hey, buddy, how you doing, ActDeaf?
Oh, really great, really great, actually. I'm doing really fine, waiting for Amiibos to come out, but yeah.
Oh, I know, my God, Shane's trying to talk me into going to get, I gotta get up early to order a Greninja or something from Toys R Us, but the only reason I'm doing it is that I want to trade one for what I really want, which is a NES.
Yeah, a lot of people are pretty much having a day off on the 27th because, yeah, that's when, sorry, Toys R Us will have Greninja in store for pre-orders, but sadly, I won't be able to get one for reasons, logical reasons.
Yeah, it sounds like I might not be getting the day off either, so that makes two of us, but I do want to say, quickly, I thought of you yesterday because Dark Soccer and I were at this, the Sakura Matsuri Festival, which was in Japantown, and, you know, I did, I tested Periscope on Twitter for the first time, I did a little broadcast from the Play Arcade there, that was kind of fun, I never used that before, but right next door to that arcade, they had a store that sold all sorts of little, like, knick-knacks and things in tune with gaming and anime culture,
and there was a whole little section of nothing but stuffed Kirby's.
Oh my God.
I came so close to grabbing a Kirby sleeping on a star.
So, I don't know, next time I go, it was so crowded, though, act deaf, like I had to get out of there because, like, claustrophobia started acting up, but when I go, when there's not a festival going on, I'll have to take a little picture and send it to you and be all like, do you need a care package, yes or no?
I would be pretty much grateful for the pic, even.
No worries.
But, yeah.
Well, what's on your mind tonight? What was the real reason you called in?
Well, mostly the Amiibo talk, because you talked, I think, two weeks ago about how NES and all the games, well, mostly the GameStop fiasco that happened on the second, it was pretty much a catastrophe, it was a disaster.
Overall, and I want to talk about something related to that.
That is mostly a lot of people that went, even that I know here locally, to get pre-orders, not even for a NES, just for a Wario or a Pac-Man, and barely got them because GameStop didn't know how to do these pre-orders.
I'm really baffled at how bad they managed to fuck this up, pretty much.
It's such a goddamn mess, and it makes me really hesitant to even support Amiibo in the first place, but Shane has a really good way of convincing me to do things I don't necessarily want to do.
It's a good thing he's not a drug addict.
Yeah.
Come on, Rob, you know you're gonna.
But anyway, all that joking aside, it's crazy how this continually gets botched, yet the way the vicious cycle works, because it's so botched, it makes the figures that much more cherished, which drives the insanity up even higher.
And it's a pattern that's gone on forever for Nintendo, and to Loki's credit, he's called him out on it for years and years and years, with the Nintendo Wii supply and demand, and what else did they artificially supply?
Yeah, we have the Loki, well, the reason for that, yeah. He has told us years and years about that.
But at least for this one, I don't think it was necessarily Nintendo's fault, at least for the most part.
Yeah, I know they limit the stock and some of those stuff, and even make exclusive deals. That's the most fucked up part, but aside that, I think this one was most on GameStop's part, because did you know how they do the pre-orders for Wave 4?
For GameStop?
Yeah, for GameStop.
What were the horror stories about that people were lining up for an hour because the systems were slow and people waited there and didn't even get anything?
Yeah, because they only did online pre-orders. That's the thing. And not even like, you can stay at home and pre-order online. No, you had to go to the store, use their webbing store system,
and then you can only pre-order the Amiibos with a full payment upfront.
People don't really give a shit what's wrong. They just want it fixed. And I think that's to the point many of us are getting with Amiibo. Fix the damn Amiibo system! Fix it! Like, I don't fucking care anymore if it's GameSpot's fault.
Or, excuse me, GameSpot. Maybe it's their fault too. GameStop's fault. Nintendo's fault. I don't fucking care anymore. I'm not taking anymore finger-pointing. I'm not taking anymore of this shit.
It is fucked up and needs to be fixed, Nintendo. God damn it.
But you know how GameStop fucked up? At least you know how they fucked up.
Yeah, I see how they fucked up, but it's not gonna matter. They're the biggest retailer, and the minute they threaten, or the minute Nintendo threatens to not give them exclusive Amiibo anymore, they're gonna be like,
Well, you know, Wii U supply and demand is really low, so I think we're gonna eliminate that shelf space in our store and reduce it, because that's the way it works, and it's fucked up.
No, no, no, but you know how you know GameStop fucked up? They sent an apology to all their employees. Their employees. Not even the customers. Their employees. For this fucked up.
Corporate sent out to the employees an apology message via phone. A message. Because how stupid they managed this. It was really, really a catastrophe.
And we can speak about Target, we can speak about even Walmart. Walmart managed their online pre-orders really well. I managed to get some from Walmart a few days ago.
And GameStop was a complete catastrophe.
You know, sometimes it's hit and miss for people too, though, and I didn't talk about this a lot on tonight's show, because I'll get into it on Hoard House a little more when this topic comes up.
But BlizzCon tickets went on sale on Wednesday, and also again on Saturday, and lots of people, again, really upset at Eventbrite and the way they handled it and being in the lobby and getting kicked out.
Here's something amazing. I didn't even get a waiting room. I clicked two tickets, add to cart, got right to the checkout page, filled it out, clicked accept, done.
It ran flawlessly and seamlessly for me. And I'm not trying to rub it in or be a dick, because I wrote a tweet right after it. I put, wow, that was effortless and easy. Thanks so much Eventbrite and BlizzCon, good job.
And people are yelling at me, going, well, it must be nice to be you. And I was like, oh shit, I didn't realize. I was like, sorry. I just assumed everybody was going to have it as easy as I did.
Anyway. Alright. ActDeaf, I got to let you go. I'm so sorry, my friend, but I want to fit in one more call, okay?
Yeah, no problem. Thanks for having me.
Hey, of course. Anytime, buddy. Take care.
1877 GameOLR or a username on Skype, OrangeLawnTradio. I want to check in with Loki here and see if he has any last minute stories.
I was just going to say, there's a homebrew app that someone's made already that basically is like a remote desktop app that you can stream your PC to and actually control it via the controls on the game.
But it's still very early and the framerate's really low on it. It looks really cool.
And stream it to what? You stream it to your 3DS.
Oh, your 3DS. Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Oh, dang. That's kind of cool. Alright, let's get to at least one more call here.
Hi, you're on OrangeLawnTradio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Raginator.
Hey, Raginator, buddy. How's it going?
Okay, good. How are you? Blessed. How are you?
I'm okay. What's on your mind? Quickly tonight, we're going to wrap up here.
Yeah. I just want to carry on the story that you were talking about before you took ActDeaf's call.
I think that the ESA stance is a little stupid.
Honestly, if you're bought a game, a game with those online services, you have gone offline, you should be able to continue to play said game.
Casey Point, let's say, for example, you're a fan of, I don't know, the SoCom series.
All the games are currently offline, as far as I know. Zipper's gone, the way the dodo bird, I don't even know what's happening with Slant Six.
So, if you especially had SoCom Confrontation, which was an online-only game, guess what? You're kind of SOL at this point with that game.
Unless you find a workaround, you know, find a third-party server or whatever.
I just want to jump in real quick, because you said, and probably just in the heat of the argument or whatever, and I'm not trying to pick on you with this,
but you said that the ESA was being stupid about it, but we have to, and I get it, I would say maybe it's a little bit more of a place of ignorance,
because, keep in mind, the ESA is paid to represent these companies, and it's kind of like that old rule about if you don't defend your trademark, you're going to lose it.
So, sometimes we see these trademark suits that we look at and go, come on, let it go, but they have to do it, because that's what the law makes them do.
So, the ESA kind of has to defend this, because that's what they're paid to do, but I think, and where I encourage them to look at is accept the reality that when you do this shit, people are going to mod it.
So, you can embrace it like Sega did, like we were talking about with Jamie when they closed Phantasy Star Online, or you can have the community do what it'll do, because that's what's going to ultimately happen.
Yeah, I suppose, but at the same time, now there are certain series that you can pretty much see the writing on the wall, that they're basically dead, they're not going to come back.
Soul Calibur is probably one of those series, I'm pretty sure that the three of you in the studio can probably rattle off a half a dozen other series, just off the top of your head.
Sure.
So, the way I look at it is, what's the harm? It's not like you're ripping the game and pirating the game and handing copies to all your friends, you're just playing the game that you're already boxed.
I'll tell you one close to my heart, I'll give you this one. Mass Effect 3 multiplayer, one of the few online multiplayer games on Xbox I've truly enjoyed the experience of playing.
Once in a great while, but hardly ever, did I get somebody abusive or like Toilet Bowl in a match. Mass Effect 3 multiplayer was a very pleasant experience, and I've kind of accepted the fact, as irritating as this is, that whenever Mass Effect 4 ultimately comes out, they're going to pull the plug on Mass Effect 3 multiplayer, because they want you to buy 4.
And I'm using my quotey fingers and I say Mass Effect 4, they want you to buy Mass Effect 4 to do its multiplayer mode. Now the only reason I'm kind of like, I'm accepting it, is because I still think Mass Effect 3 would have been worth $60 for its single player mode alone.
The multiplayer honestly is just a nice little bonus, and it's like a cute little like, oh and there's this too, and it's a huge, you know, like free to play basically bonus type of thing.
But, yeah, I know it's going to get shut down someday, but you know, somebody will probably release tools for the PC that let us still play it online, I'm probably going to have to install that and check that out.
Because there's going to be a day where I'm going to say, I want to fight Cerberus again, because if Mass Effect 4 is in a place removed time and space, I'm not going to get to fight Cerberus again.
And it's like, you know what, I hate those son of a bitch Atlas monsters, but I want to fight one today, I want to blow one up today.
Yeah, the thing is, games like Mass Effect 3 are wanting, at least, games like they have a single player game, or aspect to the game.
Other games, such as Final Fantasy 11, previously need full comp confrontation.
I really want to know Square's exit strategy for Final Fantasy 11, and unfortunately I think it's the mobile phone thing.
I think what they're going to do ultimately, they're never going to make Final Fantasy 11 single player only.
They're just going to say, now you're going to go play the new Final Fantasy 11, which is on mobile phones, yay!
And I'm going to be like, oh my god, no.
I'm sorry, that doesn't exist in my world.
I know.
Yeah, the trouble is, not everyone has a mobile phone, not everyone has a PC, some people are console only, like I was for a long time.
True, true.
Those people are maybe SOL, unless they find some kind of work around, who knows, I don't know.
Alright, my friend, I got to let you go so we can wrap up, but thank you so much for the call.
Sure, have a good one.
Take care of you too.
Alright, a lot of passion around that issue.
I'm going to open it up real quick, because I saw a bunch of other calls trying to come through, and I'll give somebody like one minute to get out whatever they want to say.
So I'm going to keep the Skype line open for just a moment.
1877 Game OLR, or username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
Any other last minute stories? Check it out with him.
Snatcher's on Virtual Boy now, someone ported it.
Ooh, interesting.
Yeah, so, I don't know.
I'm just supposing, I guess that'd be good.
Dark Starra, do you have any last minute stories?
I like big butts and I can't lie.
That's not news.
Anyway, the news stories...
This box needs to get off of the cable.
I had been fighting it all night.
My Amazon pantry box that we use to transport all the...
I got to say, I got my money's worth out of that box.
Alright, anyway, alright, we got it lighting up here, let's get to one more call and then we'll wrap up.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hey, hey, it's one and only Ranma.
Hey, you got through. What's up, my friend? I gotta make this fast.
You got 60 seconds, my friend. Ready?
Okay, I'm gonna make it quick because it's a special occasion, so I broke the Fireball out of the freezer.
And I know Fireball is one of the official adult beverages of Orange Launch Radio.
I'm making this full screen so Jamie can see.
Even if it's absolutely disgusting.
Hey, this is the best I have on the time given, okay?
That's okay, I forgive you. I actually paid for some.
Awesome. And as you can see here, big ol' shot glass.
Yep.
So, this is for you, Oogchon. Happy birthday, congratulations on leveling up and see you when I see you.
I like your shirt, this is Ninja, please.
I don't know if you remember, but I got this shirt at Fauna Mae.
Yep, I remember.
I wish I picked up that damn Cleric shirt.
You need to come back out here and hang out with me.
We miss you, dang it.
By the way, last night I was drinking Chambord.
Ooh, I never heard of that one.
Chambord is kind of expensive. It's a black raspberry liqueur.
And it goes really, really well in Coke Zero.
I'll have to keep that in mind because every alcoholic beverage you've recommended to me, I've enjoyed, so.
It's very sweet. If you're gonna drink it by itself, actually cut it with some ginger ale to add some tart to it.
The woman has some great taste for booze, I gotta say.
If it's nut, soco, vodka, rum, or whiskey, those are the only ones I do straight. Everything else, I mix.
Alright, my friend, 60 seconds is up, I gotta let you go, but thank you for sharing your birthday shot with us.
Thank you, Hart-Hart-Hart-Hart.
Hart-Hart, y'all stay fabulous and awesome.
Alright, will do. Bye.
That was so sweet, I love watching people drink.
On that note, we're gonna close the Skype line.
I'm so sorry to those that didn't get through, but feel free.
You can post your drink selfies on Twitter, but please drink responsibly, 21 and up only.
You can post your drinks selfies on Twitter and hashtag one for Jamie.
There you go, hashtag one for Jamie.
There you go, that's gonna do it for the Skype line tonight and that's about gonna wrap it up for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
There was no more last minute stories, right?
No, I'm good.
Get our say in there.
I'm so sorry to those that didn't get through, but if for whatever reason you didn't get through and you have something to say still, please consider emailing us.
Participate at orangelaunchradio.com or continue the discussion on our forums and let other people chime in too.
Forums.vognetwork.com.
Have I had a shot? I can't even talk tonight, what the hell?
Alright, anyway, it's definitely time to wrap up the show.
Act Deaf is letting us know you can be 18 if you live in Mexico.
Alright, whatever the age in your neck of the woods.
It's 19 in Canada, right? Whatever the age in your neck of the woods.
Alright, anyhow, it's time to wrap up the show.
Thanks for coming back this week.
I know it's, you know, when we are off for a week you might go off and find another new podcast.
No you don't, you better not.
If they're indie, then it's cool, we're happy.
But, you know, support independent broadcasting.
If you like what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please tell a friend or five about the show because, you know,
we're just gamers like you that get together on Sunday nights to talk about games and have a good time with our extended family here at The Voice Geeks Network.
So, tell a friend or five about the show.
Help spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio.
Five star reviews on iTunes and Stitcher Radio go a long way as well.
Thank you so much in advance for considering that.
Time to go around and give everybody's final thought.
We're done here for the night.
I'll save the birthday girl for last. So, Loki, your final thought tonight.
I feel, ugh, yeah.
I feel better. That's no fun.
My final thought tonight is I'm only 100k from level 10 in Ingress.
And I didn't even get to talk tonight to Loki about the Ingress meetup I went to this week where I actually met all the players, well not all of them, but a lot of the players in the area.
Didn't even get to talk about that tonight.
Some other time.
Because they have a mobile van that goes around.
Oh my god, do they have a logo on their van?
Yes, they do.
Oh my god! Nerds! Nerds!
It's 70 people that were standing around the van.
No, that's so, I'm sorry.
When you start putting like decals on vans and like setting up like actual vehicles to facilitate.
Oh, we're going to have to talk about it next week.
Oh my god, that's so terrible.
That being said, I'm sitting here staring at an eBay auction for an Oculus Rift that's ending in five minutes.
Well, Oculus Rift's kind of awesome though.
As is Ingress, hater.
Alright, last but not least, the voice of reason, Dark Soccer, Jamie Summers.
Am I really the voice of reason? God, y'all are fucked.
Not usually, but tonight maybe a little bit.
Y'all are so fucked.
Except for that part where we disagreed, but it's going to happen sometimes.
Yeah, usually every time I'm right and you're not.
Your final thought, Dark Soccer?
I have managed to turn Becky from a Dragon Age hater to a Dragon Age lover.
Although, I still can't get behind romancing Anders, I'm sorry.
Alright, well on that note, we'll be back again to do it in seven days. Thanks so much for tuning in.
Seven days!
Tune in, or you'll die. No, just kidding, just kidding.
That used to be one of our bumpers.
Wasn't it? I think it was.
Back in the day.
Should I, for old time's sake, for your birthday?
And act deft. No.
What?
I don't even know what you're talking about over there.
He's saying the hypocrisy is strong.
Oh.
To Loki.
Alright, anyway.
I'm sorry, I don't follow this hypocrisy.
You said nerd like you weren't one.
Alright.
Okay, yes, I understand that, and maybe that's the derogatory term, but what would you call it then?
Like, obsessed enthusiasts? I mean, like, when you're modifying a vehicle to-
Everyone's a little nerdy about something.
Okay.
Alright.
Yeah, but I don't put like a fucking-
It's an official Google Inc. company thing.
And Hiddleston says your game needs a hype air horn.
We're done.
Air horn, you got it.
We're out of here, here it is.
A classic OLR memory here from ten plus years ago, and then our outro.
Have a good night everybody, we'll see you next week in seven days.
Did he die?
I- what?
Hey!
Wait!
What's this crazy bitch doing coming out of my computer screen?
Orange Lounge Radio, listen or die!
Seven days.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.
