Orange, Lounge, Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, one game listing change has caused an uproar among gamers. PT has seen a few
odd changes outside of the game itself and is now going to be removed from the PlayStation
store. We'll tell you more along with the rest of the week in gaming news, your comments,
feedback, and more right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice. It is episode number 595 for this,
April the 26th of 2015. We are gathered here in studio and with all you guys online, live
at the Voice of Geeks Network, VOGnetwork.com, where we tape live every Sunday night at six
o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. And of course
if you are listening live, you should participate in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com. But
here in studio, you have me, Rob Roberts, also known as SKIE Sky on Twitter, and with
me as always, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers. I don't even have a PS4 and I have the PT now.
And we'll talk about why in just a little bit, but I think a lot of people are rushing
to computers to flag things on their accounts in hopes that things will be saved, but-
There's buttholes.
I know, I know. Let the rage simmer a little bit. We have to-
They're not even clean buttholes. They have vague fragments of diarrhea on them.
You can't just open your three hour podcast with rage fest. Have you learned nothing from
Buzzfeed? Have you learned nothing from the click here to listen to woman get really pissed
off at-
I said it in a very calm tone of voice. I don't have to sound angry to be angry.
Konami cancels one of DarkSakura's favorite games of the year. You won't believe what
happens next.
Do you see this thing that the viewers can't see?
Yes.
The entirety of Konami can sit and spin on it.
You're pointing up, as in up, up, down, down. Anyway. How are you otherwise, besides your
attitude?
I'm actually feeling remarkably unburdened.
Good. Good to hear. Also with us tonight, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki. How are you?
I'm so disappointed.
You're disappointed?
That's kettle corn. I was hoping for real popcorn, and it's just like someone took real
popcorn and said, hey, you know what? I know you like butter and popcorn, but how about
we put Splenda on it instead? And that's what that tasted like.
You went and helped yourself to a thing in popcorn.
The popcorn smells so good. And then it's just steaming. It's this stupid. I don't know
what it is. It's very deceitful. It's like popcorn. Hi. Tastes like shit.
Loki, mi casa, su casa. I don't care if you invite yourself to have food or whatever,
but you have to understand I love kettle corn.
I love it. It's terrible. I hate, I really hate kettle corn.
You're such a picky eater. You're so picky. Oh, well. What did kettle corn ever do to
you?
Kettle corn's amazing.
It's not buttery and salty. Maybe we put a ton of butter and salt on it, man.
I will make sure next time I'm at the grocery store, I have some butter popcorn on reserve
just for you.
Chocolate drizzled kettle corn, though, is like the best PMS food ever.
I'm not eating it because I have PMS. I'm eating it because it's a quote unquote healthy
snack.
Is there some left?
Yeah, there's a little bit.
I'm gonna then have some.
Loki might have spit back into the bowl.
No, I didn't.
No. Okay. No backwash on the popcorn.
It was the first they actually had real food in the whole week.
So, yeah, you had a stomach flu recovering yesterday. Today, my against my wife's wishes.
Yes.
Like we should take it easy. You shouldn't you shouldn't eat food and stuff. Okay, fine.
I'll take it easy.
So today we went to Josh's friend's birthday party and I had five pieces of pepperoni pizza,
soda and I just finished a smoothie and now some kelp corn.
So I hope I'm better because if not, I'm going to be paying for that later.
Jamie, the bulls.
Jamie needs a tall person.
I'll be right back.
Loki, carry the show.
Anyways.
So, yeah, it wasn't a fun week, but God, man, after eating just like saltines for a week,
anything tastes like fantastic.
Anything other than that.
It's like really basic turkey sandwich.
Oh, my God.
This is the best sandwich ever.
Pepperoni pizza is like, this is the best pizza ever.
Soda.
I haven't had you in a week.
All right.
I'm done being a tall person.
We're good.
Oh my God.
This is so good.
You can have some kettle corn.
No, thanks.
We're going to get into talking about video games and I got a kickoff topic for us tonight,
but first I do have one more person to introduce here live in studio tonight.
This guy comes on the show all the time, but he actually hasn't been here in a little while,
but he's sitting in on studio tonight and what a great week and this, we knew he was
going to be here.
What a great week.
What a great week for you to be here.
It's Shane, everybody.
We're here in the house.
Hello.
How's it going?
Fine.
Yeah.
Just playing on my phone.
What are you playing on your phone?
YouTube.
You're playing YouTube?
Yes.
I see.
I thought you were playing, you were playing some music game.
I was playing Cytus.
I don't know what that is.
It's like Technica, but not, but it's got some of the same artists.
It's pretty good.
I like it.
Gotcha.
Yep.
All right.
Well, please lend us your opinion.
Oh, I have opinions.
I don't know if you've seen my retweets on Twitter today, but most of them have a lot
of opinions in them.
Well, that's what I was saying is that you were always going to be here tonight anyway.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because we're doing something specially fun tomorrow.
All right.
Let's talk about tomorrow and why you're here tonight and why you actually brought your
sleeping bag or whatever so you could stay at OLR Studios tonight.
What is the big plan?
We are going to go get in line for Greninja and Pac-Man Amiibos tomorrow at Toys R Us.
I don't want to do it.
I don't want to do it.
You have to get me up at three.
You said three in the morning.
Yes.
I'd rather get there at three, but if I can get you up by three, that would work too.
Act Def wants Shane to know that his Lucario Amiibo should be shipped either tomorrow or
Tuesday.
Thank you.
So somehow Shane, using his Shane powers or whatever, has decided to convince me that
going to Toys R Us and sitting out there, what time does Toys R Us open?
You know what?
Did we figure that out?
Yes, I did figure that out.
How time did they open?
Ten.
Ten hours.
I've done that.
I think that the answers to our problems is actually quite obvious.
Take Shane, for example.
He can get people to do things that they don't want to do, and then eventually they continue
with it.
You know the one thing he won't do is tell people about this podcast.
That's the one thing he won't do.
No, no, no.
That's fine.
Whatever.
Some of our coworkers are listening.
My thing is we should just send him back to Konami to get him to make Silent Hills.
Because he could get them to do it.
That's true, Shane.
You did use to work for Konami.
Use your mutant powers for good.
All right.
Aww.
It's hero's powers, not mutant powers.
So Bobby in chat at live.vognetwork.com says, I thought Rob was done with amiibos.
Yes, I am done with amiibos.
Once he gets a Ness, and he's going to have to trade for one to the barter system.
So Shane has convinced me that the only way I'm ever going to get a Ness is to get one
of these...
What am I even getting tomorrow?
A Greninja.
A Greninja.
What do you say?
I do want Pac-Man.
I do like Pac-Man and the Pac-Man.
And this is just a...
Someone get me a Pac-Man.
I can pick you up a Pac-Man.
Thank you.
But you get me the Pac-Man and then I don't know.
Because you gotta...
No, because you gotta...
Because Pac-Man, you're not going to trade for Ness, you need to get a Greninja to trade
for Ness.
This is true.
And Ness is the character I play in Super Smash Brothers.
There you go.
See, like, it makes sense.
My hero's power is to make you realize how much sense it makes for something.
I don't know.
Is it worth all the you're a hypocrite tweets I'm going to see this week?
Yeah, because you're going to have a Ness amiibo at some point.
Yeah, but they're just going to be jealous bitches.
Yeah, that's true.
Pretty much.
I won't be, but I'll go ahead and make one right now.
You're such a jerk.
I hope next time you go to the movies you get a big ol' tub of popcorn and then surprise
it's kettle corn.
I hope that's what happens.
Let's see, I watched some Scoop It so that's not going to ever happen.
I'm on it.
You have to keep an eye on them.
Besides, even if it was, let's say that for some stupid reason that there only exists
kettle corn at a movie theater, there's enough butter at that movie theater to drown out
any nasty taste.
Wait a minute.
Act Deft in Chat says, Sky, Toys R Us pre-orders only allow one per person.
One per of each one of those.
So you can't do two Greninja, you can't do two Pac-Man, but you can do one Greninja,
one Pac-Man because that's still one of each.
Okay.
You don't want a Pac-Man?
I don't want a Pac-Man.
I don't care about Pac-Man.
I don't care about Pac-Man because just for the racing outfit and Mario Kart alone.
But I don't even have any games that work with these amiibo that I get.
I just get them because they're cute little figures.
You're such the problem.
Oh my God.
I have an open mind.
So anyway, we'll see what happens because here's what also happened is that earlier
today, Shane was like, you know, Rob, you know, because we were having a serious heart
to heart in the car on our way to Chipotle about your silly plan for tomorrow.
And you said, you know, you don't really have to go if you don't want to, Rob.
And I said, okay, fine.
But then what did I say after that?
But you should go because you want a nest amiibo and you need to get a Greninja to trade
for it.
But if I really just wanted to say, you know what, if I'm going to be a hypocrite, I'm
just going to go fucking all in on this.
I'll just buy it off eBay.
Like I'm just going to go full steam ahead on being a hypocrite.
I don't see why you would do that when that's like $40 more or more than what you would
go.
Seven hours of my time versus $40.
Fun seven hours of your time.
How's it going to be fun?
We'll be playing Mario Party the entire time.
That's not fun.
That's stressful.
The cops will come by because of all the yelling.
There's going to be a disturbance.
Watch the news.
There's going to be a disturbance at Toys R Us tomorrow and it's because of fucking
Mario Party.
They're not going to have it tomorrow.
What do you mean they're not going to have it?
No, they have the internal memo.
I've called the stores.
It's just a pre-order.
It's not even picking up the figure tomorrow.
It's just a pre-order.
It makes it even better.
But then you're guaranteed to get it.
Yeah, because they're not going to have any on launch day.
But you called Toys R Us.
I called Toys R Us.
I want to speak to a manager.
No, you don't have to speak to managers.
They don't know anything.
They're the ones that tell you no.
It's the low paid people that will tell you what's up.
See that's why you should pay attention to Sarah in Dragon Age.
She knows what's up.
It's all the people, not the higher ups.
Only you would take the most random thing and say, hey.
Sarah in Dragon Age, she waits in front of Toys R Us for amiibo pre-orders.
It's like it's a really weird story arc in the game, but it somehow fits.
Bobby and Chad is now saying, you're standing in line to get a fucking pre-order?
Bobby said the F word, A. And then the next one, this is all new lows.
I assure you I've gone much lower in the history of this show.
Come on.
I've seen Robert Rocky.
Shut up.
That's so true.
I've done a lot.
God knows I've tried.
Let's get into tonight's kickoff topic.
Tonight, before I kick Shane, it's a nice kickoff topic tonight.
I don't know if you guys have heard, but there's an all new marketplace on Steam and it has
to do with paid mods.
That's right.
You can now pay for mods on Steam.
I'm curious what you all think about this.
The mod store has led to some interesting conflicts already.
One of the first paid mods for The Elder Scrolls Skyrim was released this past week as part
of this new program.
It was removed with claims that it contained the work of another modder.
The mod had to do with a fishing animation in the game.
Valve promoted the mod on the Steam Workshop page, but apparently it contained assets from
another creation without the permission.
There's a whole little back and forth on this.
I'm not going to get into all the drama, but at the end of the day, it was removed.
The original author said it was because there was a non-disclosure agreement about the mod
marketplace for over a month and was unable and unwilling to contact others.
So interesting little way to get out of it, but it is what it is.
Valve says basically that if you see somebody that is posting content that they've created,
you should issue a DMCA takedown notice right away.
You can use the work of other modders, but you have to get approval first.
And of course there's a whole revenue sharing thing, although I'm hearing the revenue shares
kind of, eh.
I don't have the numbers in front of me.
I'm sure somebody in our chat room over there...
Well, here's the thing though, is that at face value, besides the whole, and I totally
get why the mod scene is really irritated with this, and you know, I get it.
I'm not discounting that.
But taking this at face value, I kind of look at it and go, it's an amazingly capitalistic
idea.
Like, you know, to kind of create, Valve is creating another type of app store in a way
to basically, here's something else that we can make money off of that would be user generated
content.
All Valve has to provide is the storefront and the way to make click and make it easy.
So honestly at face value, totally see why Valve is doing this.
That all being said, I don't understand why all these people would want to participate.
I mean, 25%, I guess, I guess that's better than nothing.
They're monetizing something that's been free for God knows how long, but is the community
going to really respond well to that?
No, and I'll tell you some fun examples about these things.
So now there used to be this pretty decent magic mod that's in Skyrim, and there's now
two versions of it.
There's a paid version and a free version.
Guess what the free version includes?
Oh, random intervals of pop-ups when you cast a spell.
So if you cast that spell and you have five times or whatever, you may get a pop-up saying
to buy the full version of the game or that's kind of, that is awful.
So yeah, that's going to be something to look forward to.
Well I just won't install it.
That will be easy to not to look forward to that.
Here's another idea or how I just, I don't know, install the older, see here's the thing
when you have all those mods synced through Steam Workshop, basically everything gets
updated automatically, so that version of the mod that you may have had originally may
have been full-fledged or whatever, and it is still a full mod like it was before, but
now the paid version doesn't have those annoying pop-ups on it.
But see, because it was synced through the store, if you had that version and it didn't
have those annoying pop-ups, now it does.
So that's kind of lame.
That's kind of another reason why maybe I should just go through Skyrim, or through
Nexus or something like that to get those mods instead, and then that way, oh hey, all
this bullshittery is happening, but it doesn't really affect me because, you know, I have
a version of that mod that doesn't have that crap on it.
Kaijuto in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says the modder has to make $400 before they
get any money, and I think that's because of the fact that they only get the 25% cut,
so it's basically your check amount is minimum $100 for them to cut you a check, which is
actually kind of a standard thing.
You see a lot of places, like YouTube actually is the same way.
Zazzle does that with shirts.
Yeah.
I think on my personal YouTube channel, I've made a whopping $2.50 I'll never see because
I haven't hit that $100 minimum threshold yet for them to actually cut a check and send
it out.
And that's kind of the way they pocket the change, so to speak, because if you think
about it, if there's 50 people like me out there, which there easily are, that's $100
that Google doesn't have to pay out.
So it's a very similar thing.
But I also, I can also see the argument where, well, we don't want to, I mean, if it comes
to the point where a stamp to mail you the check costs more than what you've made, then
it's a losing broad.
Well then they could just put it, I mean, come on.
It's a stamp.
I mean, they could just charge you.
They could bring the minimum down to $5,000.
Or, I don't know, if only there were such a way to send money electronically.
I mean, they only had a way to do that.
Could you just credit it to your Steam?
Could Google have some sort of place to stick this money?
Like a wallet of some sort?
I mean...
I think there's a lot of people this week telling Valve where to stick their money.
Just saying.
But I don't know.
Go ahead and chat at live.vognetware.com.
Kaiju just says, the workshop mods always sucked.
We've been boycotting them all weekend.
Who's we?
The entirety of the internet?
No, I know there's a lot of pissed off people about this, so...
I don't know, I just...
It's probably not something I'll really be looking into further.
I kind of looked at it when I heard the news and I said, hey, that's a pretty clever thing
we're about to do.
Well, I think it's pretty...
I mean, yes, let's...
There's a whole lot of, you know, you can argue it both ways.
I mean, yes, Bethesda made the mod tools out there for people to create content for their
game, but at the same time, when they did that, it helps extend the life of that game
and makes it more valuable.
It gives longer legs for that game.
Had they not had mod support for it, how well do you think the game would be doing?
I mean, it'd be doing okay.
Probably not as good as it is now.
But I think it's kind of...
I don't know, kind of ballsy to say, well, you owe me some money because you're making
content to help extend this game out.
And the fact that they don't really have to do anything as far as supporting the mods,
I mean, this is...
You know, look at some of these mods that they're talking about that you fix bugs that
Bethesda didn't bother to fix in the game and say someone wants to charge for it.
You know, why should Bethesda get any of that money when someone's spending the time to
fix their shit?
They shouldn't get any of that money.
Now Kaijuto is also pointing out, we've been tanking the Skyrim reviews and is clarifying
that Wii is the Steam community.
And he brings up something else I wanted to mention here, and that is, when the internet
gets mad, where do they go?
Change.org.
And there's a petition over on Change.org.
Oh yes, those work every time.
Valve, I'm surprised they didn't go to whitehouse.gov so they'd get Barack Obama to respond to it
because they'd have enough signatures to do that.
But anyway, I don't mean to make light of it.
I understand why people are mad, people.
It says on Change.org, remove the paid content of the Steam workshop, and out of 150,000
signatures needed, they have 123,360 as of the broadcast of this show.
So if all of our listeners went and signed it, it would be up to 123,362.
So, you know, we could help boost those numbers up a little bit.
If you're interested.
It's over on Change.org.
So is the next VoG creation game thing you guys are going to do, like, create VoG horse
armor for Skyrim?
No, I think one of the first- First off, we have to finish the last one.
Still pending.
First off, I was going to say, one of the first mods that they put up there, and I'm
sure it was kind of a joke mod, was a high definition horse penis pack that they were
adding to the game.
That's gotta be- wait a minute, though.
No nudity.
That's Steam's terms of service.
But it's animal, wouldn't it be okay?
I don't think big floppy donkey dick would be considered acceptable by the terms of use.
Could you give them pants, then?
No, it was $100.
I think it only matters if it's big floppy human dick.
Horse pants you could sell, there's nothing wrong with that.
Pants for your horse.
Oh, I like that.
That's awesome.
See, I'm telling you, you could make a killing on the Steam store.
What about bulge mods?
Why not?
I don't know, though.
See, that's legal.
That might be too sexy.
I don't know.
I don't know who at Valve has the accept or reject button, but-
What about the pantsless rage mod?
I don't know.
Anyway, there you go.
Blade mods is now a thing on Steam.
I gotta be honest, not something I'm really going to be looking into, and I'm hoping there
isn't anything really, really big that comes out for some game I really, really like.
But I just don't.
I worry that Civ V will be the next game, because on Steam, all the time when these
things happen, it seems like Skyrim's the first game that experiments with it, and then
Civ V is next.
And I don't want things like my Mass Effect mods to go pay on Civilization, because that
would be upsetting.
That's why you just download all this shit now, because they're not updating those games.
For example, Skyrim.
When the fuck did they update that last?
They haven't.
I mean, not in a very long time.
Well, hopefully they're working on a new Elder Scrolls game.
All right.
Yeah, I gotta monetize that bullshit.
That's right.
All right, let's take a trip now and go around the room and talk about your gaming week,
and we're going to check in and see the types of video games that folks in the studio have
been playing this week, and then we'll get to housekeeping and then the rest of this
week's news.
StarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
It was okay.
I played a whole bunch of Final Fantasy XIV last night.
I played some Dragon Age Inquisition to work on Jaws of Hakkon a little bit more.
That's actually...
Oh, no, no.
And then Dan and I got the US Capcom's Generation 2 for PS2, and so he was playing last night
a lot of Strider and said, you know what, this is exactly like one of those bad...
Like a different type of emulator, because it was doing all the same things and everything,
which makes us think that it's all just emulated versions, that they might have licensed the
emulator.
It did some really weird stuff, and he was playing a game last night that we're going
to be talking about later today, because it's a classic game.
That's it.
Loki, how about you?
I finished playing the demo for Final Fantasy XV, so there's that.
And then I was just kind of going through some of the random games I've downloaded,
so I played a little bit of Tower of Guns, really only one playthrough, which is about
five minutes long.
I mean, it's all right.
It's kind of what I remembered.
It's a hard, roguelike, first-person shooter game.
So I did that.
What else?
I don't know.
That's pretty much it.
I worked on my game a little bit.
I was trying to work on shooting cats.
So I had the cats done, well, the model of the cats done, and they're just trying to
make them, when they shoot out of the cannon or whatever, they kind of slide on the ground
a little bit.
And once they're done ragdolling, they pop up and start doing their little walk animation,
which is kind of like a hop without animating anything.
The problem is, because they have a rigid body and there's physics on them and stuff,
it's really glitchy.
And I guess that fits the theme of the game, but I don't want it to be purposeful, or I
don't want it to be unintentionally glitchy.
I want it to, if I wanted to do something glitchy like that, I want it to be me that's
programming that, not just because it's not done right.
So I'm still trying to figure out how to do that.
That's pretty much it.
Still waiting on my Oculus Rift, I think that's supposed to be here tomorrow.
You really did buy it.
It's really coming, huh?
Yep.
It's already in mail.
Nice.
Shane, how about you?
How was your gaming week?
What have you been playing lately?
I'm really buckling down on 14, trying to get everything up to 50.
It's mostly just crafting and gathering right now, so I've just been doing that like crazy.
And then on my phone, I play a lot of stuff now.
It's like my second console I play.
I played Law of Ascension on here, Sidus, and then the Power Ranger Forever Runner game.
There's a Power Ranger Forever Runner?
Yeah, it's called Power Ranger Dash, and you get all these other little Power Rangers,
and they attack, you got to jump, and it doesn't stop running.
It's adorable, and I love it.
Do you get to choose which Power Rangers you can always be fluent in?
Yes, you get three that you get to have with you, and it goes through not, I don't think
it goes through all the series, but most of the different seasons are represented,
so I was super happy, because I did make an all-blue team of my favorite blues that have
come out in America so far, so pretty awesome.
Of course you do.
And if you didn't already know, Shane has an obsession with the color blue, so that's
why I phrased it that way.
Sure do.
All right.
My gaming week.
You know, I wrote a little tongue-in-cheek tweet earlier, because on my PlayStation 4
this week, I've been playing Minecraft, Shovel Knight, Retro City Rampage, like, the future
is here.
I've been playing, I've been the power of next-gen on the stuff I've been playing on
PlayStation 4 this week.
But yeah, all serious.
I mean, Shovel Knight came out this week on the PlayStation 4, and even though I already
had it on Wii U, I just had to get it on PS4 to kind of do the trophy hunt, and more importantly,
I want to get that Kratos thing too.
I haven't got there yet, but I will.
So I've been playing through that probably a little more than I even did on Wii U, so
I'm excited to revisit that game, because it's such a good game.
You know, and yeah, it's got an old-school vibe to it, but a lot of, like, that's really
the thing that's in right now in gaming in a lot of ways, and I know it's really tired
out for some people, but it's led to a lot of great games.
So between that, and Axiom Verge, and other stuff.
So loving me some Shovel Knight on PS4.
Just love the way the controller feels to play the game with.
It's great.
Haven't really played around with a cross save, but I know that's a big thing with it
too.
Also, I've been playing Minecraft randomly on PlayStation 4, which I know is an old-school
game, at this point, like, you know, it's a few years old.
I keep thinking about buying that, you know, I was almost close to doing that the other
day.
I should, probably.
You should, then you can come into my world.
But I used, I don't know, because of my huge ego, I used for the seed for my world Rob
Roberts, with a capital R and no space, and it started me on an island.
I'm surrounded by water.
There's a little tiny sand dune I can walk down, but then there's animals everywhere.
But because of where I'm at, it kind of makes going into the mine kind of difficult.
And right near where I start, there's just a gigantic chasm where you could just fall
to your death into a pit of lava.
It's just huge.
So it's kind of interesting the way that seed generated the world.
But Minecraft's one of those very, like, zen games for me, like, I just kind of will
get the itch once in a while, like, you know, I just want to sit on the couch, leap back,
chill.
I really need to shut down our server.
It's still paying for it.
Is it still going?
It's still going.
I didn't know that.
No one's playing it.
I don't think anyone's playing it anymore.
Well, that's too bad.
If it's going, I'll log into it.
Yeah, maybe.
Yeah, I'm still going to shut it down.
I mean, it's only $5 a month.
That's why it's been, like, so procrastinating on it, but I have no idea how the, I haven't
been on it in months.
I mean, for all I know, it's all fucked up.
I don't even know, but.
I understand.
I understand.
It's kind of fun to play on PS4.
I don't know.
I just, I kind of enjoy it.
Like, the console experience is just very different, and, you know, again, it's something
about, like, laying back on the couch, vegging out, controller in hand, just mine, mine,
mine, mine, mine, mine, mine, mine, mine.
Oh shit, Creeper came up behind me, because I do play on survival, but, like, easy.
So yeah, so I've been playing some of those retro games on PS4, and then also, I have
to mention, of course, on the Wii U this week, the big Mario Kart 8 update came out, version
4.0, which includes the second pack of DLC, which is the Animal Crossing course, and,
you know, that course is all fine and good, but the other F-Zero course that they added,
Big Blue, which, you know, got Shane's attention, but.
So good.
It is really good.
So good.
Like, not even just that.
Like, it's a really fun course.
That course is a system seller.
That's, well, that's a very powerful statement.
I don't know.
No, it is.
It's a lot of fun, though.
It's one of those stages that doesn't lap.
It's like a full, like, downhill race, kind of like, what's the mountain stage?
Is that like, what's the, is that Donkey Kong Mountain or something?
There's some mountain stage snow level that you go all the way down, somebody in chat
will shout it out, I'm sure.
But yeah, I really like the Big Blue course, and there's some other fun courses in there
too.
I did some 200cc, which it's kind of annoying that at this point you have to go and unlock
it if you want to play at it, as in Grand Prix, because I played, like, maybe I played
every cup in 50cc, and then I kind of stopped.
Like, it's been all about online and versus since then.
But the good news is, is if you go into, like, a versus mode race and just set up a battle
with the computer players, you can do 200cc on any course.
So I did some 200cc, and I'll do a cheap plug for my YouTube channel over at Rob Roberts
Plays.
I know you're all sick of Mario Kart 8 videos, because, I mean, they're a dime a dozen on
YouTube, but I did do two fun ones.
And the first one is me playing Excitebike Arena on 200cc, which actually, if you want
to do, like, an easy course for your first 200cc, I think Excitebike Arena's good, because
it's just a big loop, and you can just constantly do the R trigger to boost for extra jumps,
because, you know, there's all those jumps, because it's Excitebike.
That's a really fun course, I think, to play at 200cc.
I had more fun playing that at 200 than I did when that arena first came out.
Because when it first came out, I was like, this is basic, but at 50cc, you don't really
have the speed that makes it as fun.
And then I played, what did I play on 200cc?
Oh, it was the Zelda stage, because you wanted to see that.
And that was a lot of fun, although it was, I mean, it's so fast, and when the shortcut
pops up when the Master Sword, oh my God, you just get so much air.
But Shane started dying laughing, because I was going so fast.
I caught the air, and I was drifting, and I got like three boosts in a row.
He looked like he was doing well.
Yeah.
And then I slammed right into a fence.
Yeah, that was amazing.
It gave a complete stop.
And Shane said, you have to put that on YouTube.
But that didn't hold a candle to the very end of the race.
Don't spoil it, just make people go see it.
Oh, like Buzzfeed would do.
Well, you won't believe what happens next.
No, seriously, like the crashing into a wall after he thought he was doing good, that was
funny.
This is amazing.
And you said you wanted to see a gif of it.
Yes, if somebody could make one, and then post it somewhere that I see it.
So not on VOG, or on something like the Twitter.
You dick.
But for real, I need to see it.
And this is important, because it was my me.
So it is me.
Yes, yes.
In the Mega Man hat.
Oh, I wish you would have still been princess on the teddy bear, because it would have been
way better.
You don't like me in the princess outfit on the teddy bear?
No.
You're, you're, you're oppressing me right now.
Yeah, gladly.
Notice how, when I'm playing by myself, I'm in the princess costume on the teddy bear.
When Shane comes over, I'm in the all blue outfit on the blue motorcycle.
What's up with that?
What's up with that?
Anyway, that helmet was really shiny, though.
That was the most impressive part of watching it on your TV.
I want that Pac-Man helmet really bad.
Well, do you want it bad enough to wake up at three tomorrow?
Maybe not.
Maybe not.
I'll save some of this water, and open your guy's bedroom door, and just start pouring
it on you.
You're gonna really come into our bedroom?
No.
You would never.
I can do it with my eyes closed.
I just don't know where the water's gonna go.
You might be in for a shock.
Not if my eyes are closed, and I'll put something over my ears.
And wear gloves.
It's not a crime scene, God.
All right.
Go into our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
ActDeafDegrees, ExciteBikeArena is definitely an easy to learn track on 200cc.
DarkTetsuya says, oh yeah, 200cc makes it awesome.
TigerClaws says, so 200cc is very drift heavy?
And AkumaJP is asking, when I am playing with myself, Princess Teddy Bear?
Come on.
Yeah, everybody plays with themselves once in a while in Mario Kart.
Play Mario Kart.
You've never played by yourself in Mario Kart?
No, Rob, I haven't.
You were right about that 200cc, though, because when I played, the first track I tried was
the new F-Zero one.
Got second.
I was feeling so good.
Went to Baby Park.
Because I was like, oh, it's gonna be easy.
Seventh.
It is a little bit deceptive.
All right.
Some housekeeping for you guys real quick.
We don't have any shows off planned in the coming weeks.
In fact, we have a Memorial Day.
Memorial Day was supposed to be our 600th episode.
Unfortunately, when we missed a week, it got bumped back.
So sorry, guys.
I have a cough.
What did you get for swallowing popcorn?
I guess.
It's because I eat the kernels, and you're not supposed to do that, but it's the best
part.
Do you eat the watermelon seeds too?
Yeah.
It's the half pop kernels.
They're so good.
It's because it's the kettle corn.
It's an inferior type of popcorn.
It's not poison.
All right.
Anyway.
Sorry about that.
Cough on air.
There's nothing I can do about it.
Anyway.
So our 600th episode will be the week after Memorial Day.
So there's that to look forward to.
That's really all I have as far as announcements go for right now.
But do follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O-L-R, and we're also on Facebook, facebook.com
slash Orange Lounge Radio.
We're also on Google Plus, google.com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio.
All right.
Here we go.
Let's do it.
Let's get into tonight's news.
And I can't imagine what our lead story is tonight.
Loki.
Well, there's only going to be a few more days to download P.T.
So you better do it.
April 29th, it's going to be removed from the PlayStation Store.
So if you want to check out P.T., you might as well do that.
And you may remember, or in case you haven't heard, P.T. was a prototype or a little teaser
of Silent Hills.
So it's supposed to be a brand new game from Kojima with just lots of great combinations
of talent.
So you had Guillermo del Toro working on it, as well as I forget the guy's name from The
Walking Dead.
Norman Reedus.
Norman Reedus, yeah.
He was going to be playing the protagonist in the game.
And I say was, because unfortunately the game is cancelled.
Thank you, Konami.
Apparently there's, you know, this is coming from a bunch of different tweets out there.
It's basically been confirmed by Guillermo del Toro as well as Norman Reedus, and yeah,
it's not going to be happening.
I'm still holding onto a sliver of hope that maybe just none of these people are involved
anymore, but at the same time, if that's the case, then it's not really the same game we
saw anyway.
So if Guillermo del Toro himself says, I'm not involved, we all know Hideo Kojima already
is parting ways with Konami.
The game is already going to not be the same thing we saw in the PT demo, which was one
of my top games of the year, a demo.
Mine too.
And now it's not happening.
And I, like, I can't.
Like that is the only, that's the only plausible reaction I have to this whole thing is I can't.
I can't even.
I don't, I don't know possibly how to.
Like, I wonder what Konami is going to show at E3 this year that, you know, pretty much
makes E3 amazing.
Oh, I know.
It's going to be more stupid footage of Metal Gear Solid 5, because that's what it's been
the last three fucking years.
Konami should just move to Kentia Hall and just stay there.
It's a good E3.
Kentia Hall is a parking lot now.
Is it really?
Then even more so.
All the more mason.
Picking it out with the, like, the army van and the people giving out balls and stuff
like that.
Here's the thing.
I kind of think we're all witnessing the beginning of the end of Konami as far as a
video game company.
Good.
Now we have to remember.
We have to remember.
Konami does have a lot of other businesses, not just video games.
In fact, the huge thing for them, I think, is the casino market.
You know, any casino you go into, I don't know how many of you guys go to casinos ever.
But if you do, because, you know, we don't live that far away from Reno, so I find myself
up there a couple times a year.
And I was just there like a month ago, and I think I told you guys on the show it was
really funny.
I gotta wonder, though, how much they actually make off those machines, because it's like
an arcade machine.
You sell it once, and then that's it.
There's just no real, like, income that they're getting from it.
But don't they also have sports clubs and stuff like that?
They have Yu-Gi-Oh, and that's just basic card games.
The way you're thinking now, yes, but the arcade industry is also starting to go towards
this whole where the operators can buy enhancements through the internet.
I mean, that's, you know, the music game series.
I understand that that's the way it's going, but I just don't know if it's there yet.
I mean, that may be the direction it's going eventually, but I don't think we're there
right now.
And to kind of presume that that's the way it's gonna be, honestly, I just, I don't know.
It's kind of, it's gonna be hard for them to come back, you know, because now that you've
seen how they've treated, you know, Kojima, and basically there was your big talent house
right there of the company, and Pro Evo, which I don't give a shit about because I
don't like soccer games, and Metal Gear Solid 5, which sadly I probably won't buy because
I'm, I don't know, I just don't want to buy it.
With the exception of Pro Evolution and Ground Zeroes, what console game have they put out,
like in the past few years?
Not including like the PSN, Suikoden II, because I think that's a Sony thing that they've
launched.
Lords of Shadows 2.
They also had...
But that was a while ago.
That wasn't, that's not within the past couple years.
That was last year, I think.
Lords of Shadows 2 was last year.
And then they had also Melior Rising, which was also last year.
So they had a few things last year, but even then it wasn't that much.
It was like a couple games.
None of them blockbusters to keep them afloat, so I could see them shutting this down.
And good, they don't deserve those games.
Yeah, but the thing is though, they don't deserve those games, well no one else is going
to get those games.
Those are some great properties, but they just don't have the respect for it.
So let them die.
Okay, the last release on the 3DS in 2013, they put out Lords of Shadow, Pro Evolution
Soccer 2014, and Yu-Gi-Oh.
So that was 3DS.
That was on the 3DS.
Let's see, looking at the Playstation 4, Metal Gear Solid 5, and then Ground Zeroes and Pro
Evil Soccer.
That's all they've done for Playstation 4.
Looking at...
When was the last PS3 game it says on there?
Last PS3 game, going to PS3.
Metal Gear Solid 5 is a Playstation 3 game too?
Yes it is.
Wow.
Ground Zeroes, Castlevania Lords of Shadow 2.
Last year.
Okay, so what happened to Contra?
What happened to Gradius?
What happened to Suikoden?
They don't care anymore.
So let these other franchises die, and then let the talent that was there go to different
studios.
They're gonna...
Here's what they're gonna end up being.
It's gonna be Atari.
It's gonna be Atari all over again.
Oh, where they just...
Where it's just like, they're never gonna make a comeback.
And I hope that Metal Gear Solid 5 does well, but they're putting all their eggs in one
basket.
There's a part of me that expects the axe to fall a couple months after Metal Gear Solid
5 comes out.
And by saying the axe will fall, I don't necessarily mean that Konami's done as a company.
I know a lot of people are sitting here, Konami's done 4, they're over.
But I do think they do have a substantial...
Again, that casino business is huge.
And remember, it is.
I really hope that business is huge.
You look at places like...
You gotta think bigger than just even Vegas.
Look at places like Taiwan, Macau, all the Asian markets where they put these machines
out in as well.
It's a huge industry.
But I mean, still, there's a ton of arcade games that had their Konami games.
I mean, there's a ton of those, but that still wasn't keeping them afloat.
I just don't think...
Just because you see them having those games in there now, okay?
So that means they already sold those games.
That means they're not selling those games to those casinos.
Trust me, casinos are always on the cutting edge of that stuff, the big ones, and they're
buying the upgrades.
They're buying the new stuff.
Any time you go to Reno, do you see the same thing six months from when you went in last
night?
I don't see them...
Honestly, I don't see the need for them to really...
I don't know.
I see it.
It's like an arcade.
It's just a bigger arcade.
It's an arcade for adults.
Yeah, I understand that.
It's an arcade for adults that people still go to on a regular basis.
But I just don't see...
People aren't really in tune to like, oh my God, there's a new machine coming out that's
gonna be a brand new casino game.
It's more like, oh, hey, I know that property.
I'm gonna go play that game.
I mean, I don't think a lot of people are like, oh, a Castlevania slot machine, sign
me up.
I mean, that's just not the demographic.
I think the best case scenario for us as fans is that, and this actually pains me to say,
I mean, look at our fucking name.
It's Orange Lounge Radio.
That is a derivative of a band that was in DDR, which is the reason why we all met each
other was because of Dance Dance Revolution.
And that's why this makes this whole thing particularly difficult to talk about.
But I think the best case scenario for us fans is that if Konami Home Entertainment
Division, they just, they close it and they sell the IPs.
Now granted, Konami may want to hold on to those IPs, especially if they're gonna continue
to make arcade games, because they could still make money off arcade Castlevania games in
a while, but hopefully they'll find a partner to make home versions or something so that
some of these games can continue.
But I am a little worried.
And I think Loki also kind of makes a case with his Atari thing that a lot of Atari's
business has kind of become, hey guys, remember Atari?
You guys love Tempest.
Remember Yars' Revenge?
We're gonna modernize it.
Then I don't know.
So we'll see.
Yeah, because they did a big ol' splash for, was it Frogger's, what anniversary of Frogger
was that?
Did we see a splash?
400th?
30th was recently.
30th?
Okay.
Are we gonna see a big splash for Dance Dance Revolution's 30th anniversary?
There was a brand new Frogger arcade game I saw last time, and it was a ticket spitter.
Gambling for children.
I just don't care.
Children don't know what the fuck Frogger is.
I mean, seriously, my child doesn't know what the fuck Frogger is.
Children do not, oh, Frog.
They don't know what Frogger is.
Frogger is not a household name anymore.
No, not like he used to be.
Not like he used to be.
I don't know.
Dark Sakura, you've been awfully quiet, I want to check in with you.
What are your thoughts on this whole thing?
Remember the previous comments about buttholes and shit?
Classically stated, as always, Dark Sakura.
It is a big festering pile, in my opinion.
As I like to play devil's advocate, if it's what the business needs to do to continue,
then it's what they need to do.
That being said, we can sit here and bitch about it all day, but in the end, what happens
is what happens.
For the record, also, change.org is, no.
That's not gonna do any good.
Well, here's my thing.
The reason I'm partly disappointed was I thought, oh, hey, you know what, they're gonna make
a comeback finally.
They got Metal Gear Solid 5, it's gonna be a really solid game.
They're on Silent Hills, it's gonna be another really solid game.
You know, hey, this company could come back and it's just like, ah, fuck it, we don't
care.
It's kind of like, it's too hard, we're just not gonna try.
That's kind of just throwing up their arms in the air, just kind of saying, ah, fuck
it, whatever.
I'm too tired, I'm too old for this shit.
That's kind of like, it seems like what they're saying to me is, ah, we just fucking don't
care anymore.
And they kind of, you know, fine, whatever, you know, go with the mobile market and shit.
You know, I just, it's not, I don't want to buy those games.
And I mean, you're talking about a market that's saturated full of games just like whatever
you're releasing.
Whatever, I mean, that's what you think is gonna work, cool.
Same with the slot machines.
They're essentially all the same.
I mean, just, there are pictures on them, who gives a shit?
You know, at least we can say Silent Hill went out with a really great last game for
its series.
Cause PT was the best Silent Hill in a long time.
You know, this makes me want to do.
Hmm.
Play PT?
Well, yeah, I actually, apparently Mark Ruffalo has a Tumblr.
Anyway.
Hello, Tangent.
I just happened to find out for sure.
Anyway, so what's going on is I think that we could take like one of the PC iterations
of like maybe the Silent Hill 2 one that they did for PC and completely just take the
engine and have a fan game because they obviously don't care anymore.
Let's just make an engine.
I mean, shit, that engine from 2 has got to be fucking old by now.
I think what's going to happen is that a lot of the, you know, you're going to see what's
kind of happening with Capcom and Mega Man, right?
You know, that's where Mighty No. 9 kind of went to.
I think you're going to see some of these minds, like Kojima stuff.
Quiet Plateau from Kojima Games.
Yeah, I mean, it's not about the publisher.
It's about the people making the games.
So I think you're going to see these talents move on to other places, maybe even start
their own thing because it is, you know, a lot easier these days to publish yourself
and make the games they want to make without somebody fucking it up.
If they took the team that was making Silent Hills and kick-started the game and then added
a Kiriyama Oka as the actual music composer, that kick-starter would be way, way better
than the Mighty No. 9 one, I think.
It would take my money.
I think it would reach its goal.
Like, why couldn't Konami do that?
I mean, I understand that that's kind of like, because I think they're being petty right
now.
Like, I just feel like all this drama surrounding the Kojima situation, like everything's just
become petty.
And that's why they can't is because of the Kojima situation.
And part of the reason why P.T.
was so awesome was that collaboration between Kojima and Kiyomodotaro.
Well, what did they do to piss off Kojima?
Or what did they, I think it's the other way around.
I think he made them mad.
What did he do to make them mad?
I'm sorry.
I made all these successful franchises for you.
I know you're really angry about that.
I just, that's...
Listen, Frogger's never going to live up to Metal Gear Solid 5, OK?
I can't help you there.
What if he was making the anniversary Frogger and they just didn't like it?
Kojima's Frogger?
Oh, that'd be awesome.
I'd play that.
No, I wouldn't.
The frog came back from the war, changed.
All right, look, it's missing a leg.
I got a Frogger cooking mama edition.
You guys are so weird.
All right.
I got to move on for time.
Get to another news story here.
Let's talk about Nintendo.
Hey, speaking of companies that can do no wrong, wink, wink.
No, actually, you know what?
Mario Kart 8, still a hell of a lot of fun and still trucking along this week.
So Nintendo does a lot of things right too.
And hopefully this will be a win for them as well, because, uh, you know, they need,
they need some big, big, big games this year.
And Splatoon obviously is on the horizon.
And Nintendo has confirmed that there will be a Best Buy exclusive because, you know,
we love retailer exclusives.
We love them so much that you're going to wait in line, seven hours, line at them for
seven hours.
We can pre-order them.
So Nintendo says, wow, these are doing so well.
We're going to do more of them.
And so Nintendo has confirmed there will be a Best Buy exclusive.
We use Splatoon bundles.
So you'll actually, uh, uh, for $299.99, you'll get a bundle, uh, that has the Wii U,
uh, and the game, but the game is a download code.
It's not even on disc itself there.
Whoa, don't care.
But Nintendo land is already pre-installed on the system.
You know, what's interesting though, is that when you look at it, like it's just like the
box is kind of neat, like the art on the box, but the actual Wii U itself, it's just a
black one.
It's just a black Wii U.
The back of the box reminds me of like watching Nickelodeon in the early nineties.
Like Gak?
Yeah.
Or like maybe that was the intro to figure it out at some point.
So how much, so much harm, how much hard drive space do I have left after both those
fucking games are installed on it?
It's like, oh, sorry.
You can't actually install both at the same time.
They should have included the Splatoon amiibos with it.
That would have made it sell better.
Right?
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at
vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, steam.
Uh, also confirmed, Splatoon will be getting DLC.
I mean, I'm sure most of you could figure that out because, you know, Nintendo has
been getting more and more in the DLC game lately, but it has...
Will it be chat DLC so you can chat with the headset?
No, but producer Hisashi Nogami has said about DLC, quote, we do have some plans to
follow up with content to keep interest in the game post launch.
We on the development team are thinking of the launch as a first step of sorts.
We hope to add that to, in terms of content and even to the degree that we're
hoping that this will become a franchise that Nintendo can be proud of.
You know, as easy as it is to take cheap shots at, you know, the shooter game and
DLC, I have to say, Nintendo does do the DLC game pretty good.
You know, when they really put it, they're all in it.
Like Mario Kart 8 has been very well supported.
I mean, that whole 200 CC thing does kind of bring something new to it,
a new way to play it, and that part's even free.
You don't even need the expansion pack one and two to do that.
But the packs one and two, pretty darn good value.
So, I mean, doesn't pack two cost like as much as one Mortal Kombat 10 character?
Just saying.
Well, it doesn't make, you know,
I mean, it's a decent deal, I guess, for what you get versus Mortal Kombat.
We're, you know, that just doesn't make any sense.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, I'm surprised Nintendo hasn't done Wii U in another
color yet besides the black and white ones anyway.
Did they do a red one for Canada or was
that only the last Wii that they did that for?
You're thinking you're thinking of the Wii Mini that they did.
And then they did like a Mario bundle here for regular Wii that was red also.
OK, so they've done a light blue one also here for Skylanders, but not Wii U.
No, Wii U's only been two colors.
Interesting.
Tigerclaw says, if Nintendo did a pink Wii U, Sky would be all over that.
No, because I already have a Wii U and I
don't buy an entire new system just because of a stupid color.
You're thinking of Shane or Dark Sakura, not me.
I did point at myself just then.
How many 3DS's have you bought, Shane, Alinko?
Which size?
That's not even part of the question.
That's you try to divide the question.
We'll say the XL.
Oh, the XL. Is that also counting new 3DS?
Yes.
Technically, three.
Can you play Game Boy games?
But I've owned like five.
Can you play Game Boy games on the 3DS through the eShop?
Game Boy regular? Yes.
Not advanced.
You're still fucking buying the Game Boy.
How many times have they sold the Game Boy to you?
Seriously, it's like 80 times you've bought the Game Boy.
They should. I've owned them all.
They should put Virtual Boy games on the 3DS eShop.
No shit. I would play Tellaro or Tellaro Boxer.
However you say that, like all day.
I love that game.
There you go, Splatoon.
You know what, though? All this, all his
angst aside and all this other joking aside, Splatoon does look kind of awesome.
I want to get it. I am a little bit like,
really, Nintendo with the whole lack of voice chat thing.
But whatever, it's 2015.
It's not like I don't have a mobile phone with Skype right next to it.
So that's that'll be how we do it.
Exactly my point, though.
I mean, it's so easy to do that yet.
Yet they don't. I know that they don't because they're there.
But hey, we want this console to appeal to everybody.
But fuck, we're going to make it for the kids.
Heaven forbid a child be exposed to balls or.
Oh, OK. Yes.
Because your children don't go outside.
I mean, seriously.
Do your children visit Wal-Mart?
Yeah, you could probably go to the park right up here and see some balls.
Are you in an urban area?
They probably have heard everything they're going to hear on, you know.
Do you have a homeless person that, you know,
frequents the neighborhood? Now don't don't.
All right. Moving on.
Let's get some other news because he'll just go on.
We need to check your home owning privilege.
That's right. He's going to go on for two
hours about Nintendo stuff.
And for the record, I've just posted in our chat room that David Gator has been
going on Twitter, creating his own crossover Dragon Age fanfiction with sense
and sensibility. You have some type of like Bioware Tourette's.
I don't want to sound but I don't want to like not you know what I mean.
I don't want to I just had to tell people this because it's actually worth looking
at, but you will just jump in like Dragon Age.
So, so
she said instead of the little guy that pops up in Mortal Kombat and says toasty
like Loki and you'll be like Nintendo, this Nintendo, that Nintendo, Nintendo,
Dark Sakura pops out of the corner, Dragon Age.
Hey, this is worthwhile.
I posted in the chat room. Go read it.
OK, so how about Assassin's Creed?
They're doing a movie.
I still don't know how I feel about this
until the name Michael Fassbender came up with it.
What? That sounds like it's worth watching all of a sudden.
I know, right?
I somewhat agree all of a sudden.
I don't know why, but I do.
Is there nudity in the Assassin's Creed games?
There better be in the movie some Fassbender ass.
Or more. Or more.
Some people do call it Ass Creed for short.
Yes, they do.
A fan in our chat room just called it Ass Creed.
Also attached to this is a Marion,
I haven't got to mispronounce this, Kultiard.
And it's supposed to be,
let me see, they had a, I think they had a director listed on this as well.
Maybe not. But anyway, they're working, it's a new
Regency and Ubisoft are working together to make sure
that it comes out faithful to how the games are.
And there's one theory, though, saying that it's going to have a present day
setting, but the protagonist is using the animus thing to put himself back in time.
I don't know how I feel about that.
I just want it set in a
borderline Renaissance Italy with lots of Medicis being killed.
Which time period did they wear the least amount of clothes?
That's when it should be taking place.
That would be probably a long, long time ago.
Then let's make it Caveman days.
However, the Medicis were very busy
either fucking each other, other people or fucking other people over.
So that would be kind of chair of swords-ish.
I could watch that.
And then they could be the Pope, because a couple of them, I think, were Popes.
That's doable. Yeah.
Like Michael Fassbender.
Yes, he's the Pope.
So I will watch just about anything with Michael Fassbender in it.
And one of the other reports, by the way,
is that he's actually going to this is actually going to be set during the day
of the Inquisition, not the Dragon Age Inquisition, by the way.
It's the Inquisition. What a show.
No, that they're supposed to be facing off against Takamata,
who was the big Inquisition guy.
Just read a history book, people.
I don't have to explain this shit to you.
I don't remember assassins in history books.
Yeah, they left all that cool stuff out of the history books.
And we were in school.
That's because the history that they
teach you in school was written by white guys.
It was written by Texas.
Anyway, yeah, there should be a lot more explosions in NASCAR in history.
I remember the chapter on barbecue.
I will, by the way,
take this moment to actually give a shout out to one of my favorite podcasts.
Missed in History.
It's actually they are sponsored by the Discovery Channel,
but they have a very indie vibe to them and you learn something every episode.
Just saying, you live history.
Giving them a shout out because that's how I know this shit.
It's fine. That and I read a book.
And Bioware, Dragon Age, Bioware, Bioware.
Yeah. What book did she read this week?
Collins asked the book.
No, she read her Dragon Age art book that she bought.
Well, no, I also I have other books for the record.
I'm reading a great book called The Misunderstood Jew.
Okay.
It's written by a Jewish lady who teaches theology for a Christian seminary.
Can you do that where you read, like, four books all at the same time?
Like, I'm talking about like a chapter here, a chapter there.
I can't do that.
Like, I rarely read as is.
Actually, that's a lie. I read a lot.
You can't read.
No, I read a lot.
But the thing I read a lot of is like
what Wikipedia black hole did I fucking fall in tonight with my insomnia?
Like, that's what I read.
I don't really read a lot of the...
It's actually if you look at my bookshelves, I've got a lot of weird sci fi fiction.
I have a lot of art books and books on typography.
Seriously, I have a chunk of books that are all about letters.
And then I have...
Most books are about letters.
No, they're composed of letters.
There's a difference.
I have a bunch of, like, books about
Disneyland and then these historical, you know, volumes of stuff.
And then I started to think, you know,
I'm running out of room and started doing them all on iBooks.
All right. People don't tune in to OLR to hear about books.
We're talking about games.
That's right. I am...
No, reading doesn't develop my hand-eye coordination.
You know what? I am super proud that I'm Jewish.
So if you've got a problem with it, you can fuck off.
I didn't say anything about your religion.
Oh, I'm not here to read.
I'm here to lead.
Oh, you sound like the Elcor I just bought this week.
I got my Elcor from...
Oh my God!
Except I really did buy it.
You are a consumer whore.
And how?
Anyways, so Square Enix is going to have an E3 press conference this year.
It's because they have games coming out, unlike Konami.
They have actually quite a few games that are all pretty awesome,
including Rise of the Tomb Raider, Deus Ex,
Mankind Divided, Just Cause 3, and Final Fantasy XV.
Yep, I think you could fill a press conference with that.
So that'll be coming on June 16th and 9 a.m.
Pacific time, right before the show opens.
And here's what a wonderful game of PlayStation 1 or 2 memory from your
past that we've decided we're going to relaunch all over again on mobile phones.
I don't think they have time for that, honestly.
They're going to put Einhnder on mobile phones?
Probably.
Aw, I love that game.
I have that game.
I do, too. We have great music.
It was such a good game.
I'm sorry, Loki, when is the press conference again?
What day is it in time?
Tuesday, June 16th, 9 a.m. Pacific.
So it's before the a.m.
would be Microsoft's usually first on Tuesday morning, I think.
Well, aren't most of them.
No, Monday. Most of them are Monday.
OK, so they're going, oh, they're going to post.
They're right before the Nintendo Direct is what it is.
Nintendo Direct will probably be about 10 a.m.
or they're going to do at the same time because Nintendo Direct is prerecorded.
So it's not really a live thing. Interesting.
You waste a lot of time in those Nintendo Directs.
Please look forward to it. No, seriously.
I mean, like, let's just like let's talk about this real quick.
Because, like, they show, like, they talk about gameplay.
In this game, you can push the button to jump because we think jumping is really
important. Just fucking show me the footage.
You don't have to fucking explain the game mechanics.
I can figure out what a platform or game mechanics look like.
I don't need your help.
Thank you very much.
All right, Bobby Black Wolf and Jack
and for me, the Nintendo's live pressers were Tuesday at nine.
So it's taking the old Nintendo slot.
But the Nintendo Directs I thought were still being unleashed at about nine
o'clock. So does that mean because, you know, the Internet and Twitter, like,
we can't have that we can't have a Nintendo Direct at the exact same time as
a press conference. It's not it's not going to work.
Twitter. Twitter will explode.
I'm sorry, but the direct is at 10 now with with with Zelda not coming out this
year, I kind of don't give a shit what they have to show.
I mean, you don't care about Star Fox.
Oh, it's going to be good, but I just don't think it's going to be good.
Good. You know what I mean?
I think I think there's going to be a compelling reason to buy a new 3DS this
year. I think I'm looking forward to that.
I'm hoping it's Metroid.
Fingers crossed. No F0.
I want F0 on the Wii U.
I want a dual one like they did the GameCube and arcade.
Let's have a Wii U and a 3DS one at the same time and with connectivity.
Maybe now that the Mario Kart 8 is kind of done, like, I don't know what else
they're going to do a Mario Kart 8.
I'm hoping because those F0 tracks, like a lot of people really like it in the 200
CC, like Nintendo will get the hint.
I want a Jack Levin amiibo.
Make it happen, Nintendo.
All right. Who is a random driver from F0?
If you don't know who that is. Yes.
Yes. Yes. All right. Moving on.
It's like on the GameCube version where there were like 30 characters.
Yes. And they all had their own theme songs and his was the best.
OK. They all had their own theme songs.
And you could only hear them in like one little side piece of the game.
And who has the MP3 of the Jack Levin song?
I do, because it's so good.
Because you're a nerd. All right.
Let's talk about Microsoft and what's going on with them.
Because Windows 10, the rumor right now is that it will be released in late July.
There is a leak from an AMD earnings call.
But, you know, take these things with a grain of salt, of course.
And these things can always change.
Windows 10 is to be released in late July.
Again, this is the whole thing where if you own Windows 7 and 8,
they're really trying to push people to 10.
So they're pretty much giving it away.
But of course, there's asterisks with that.
I'll leave it at that.
Microsoft has confirmed the existence
of an avatar app within the Windows 10 preview program,
meaning that Xbox users can modify their avatars on a PC.
Hmm.
Speaking of all that, there was a follow up as well.
That whole preview program
this month, Xbox on Windows 10, there's going to be a game DVR for PC games.
You'll be able to take screenshots by hitting Windows and ALT and print screen.
Live tiles, the Xbox tile on Windows 10 will welcome you back and show the gamer
pick and if you have activities, new messages and all that.
The avatar app, real name sharing, if you want to do that.
Live TV streaming and picture in picture support.
So these sounds kind of interesting.
How really integrated Windows 10 is going to be with Xbox one.
It could be could be very, very, very interesting to see what develops with that
when Windows 10 is out, especially considering the fact that they are
really going to be very open with who they give that to.
But I imagine if they use I mean,
if they can sell more Xboxes by giving Windows 10 away, then it works.
All right. Anyway, moving on before we get to release date.
Well, Sega is trying to get some feedback to see if people would be interested
in a home console port of Hatsune Miku Project Diva Arcade.
In fact, there was the question by the publisher is, please tell us which
please tell us let me start over.
Please tell us which of the number one
platform you would like to play Hatsune Miku Project Diva Arcade.
And they gave PS3, PS4, Xbox One, Wii U, PC, smartphone and not applicable.
I'd like to put on not applicable, please.
I'm kidding, kidding, kidding, kidding.
And then they asked for the number two that people want to play it on.
So it looks like that they're really trying to just see what people want to do.
I mean, Hatsune Miku has been making a bigger and bigger appearance in the US.
I mean, even Toyota was using the Hatsune Miku
as a mascot for a while there in the US.
There was that infamous David Letterman appearance not that long ago, too.
That's that, too.
So I think that there's a very good shot that they actually are going to do it.
We just need to see what they're going to agree to put it out on.
ActDeaf is hoping for Wii U, please.
You know, some of the you may not know this, Loki, but some of the really loyal
Nintendo fans really push for third party games on the console and will rally behind
companies to try to get them to put versions of their games on the Wii U
because Nintendo fans love Nintendo, want to see them do good.
I'm sure that Nintendo would love to have third party content on their console.
All right, let's travel around the world
and check out some release dates, first party and third party alike.
What's coming out in the US this week, Loki?
Not a whole ton this week.
This week we've got Omega Quintet on PlayStation 4,
State of Decay Year One Survival Edition that's on Xbox One,
Tropico 5, man, that's been delayed forever.
Coming out on PlayStation 4 finally.
Also the Golf Club Collector's Edition on Xbox One and PlayStation 4.
And that's it.
Let's travel to Japan and check out what's coming out in Japan this week in Japan.
I don't think I see anything on the PlayStation 4 because I only see US
and Europe release dates and same thing with PlayStation 3.
Things are very quiet over there right now on the Wii U.
We do have the Wii U's Xenoblade X set is out this week.
There's a 32 gigabyte black console
for Xenoblade X because Xenoblade X is out in Japan this week.
I did not realize this was already on its way out in Japan.
I thought we still had a ways to go before this was out, but that's pretty cool.
So I'm sure we'll see a lot on the Internet.
Talk about this this week.
That is out again on April the 29th in Japan on the Wii U.
Going over to the Vita and the 3DS.
The Vita has a few things.
Hakusei Aijuu Izon Shao comes out this week,
as well as Hanayaka Kana Waraga Ichizoku
Modern Nostalgia comes out on the Vita this week,
because they do pretty well on Vita games over there.
And then lastly, on the 3DS,
Puzzle and Dragons Super Mario Edition comes out this week on the 3DS.
I know a lot of people been curious
about that because that's in some ways Mario and Luigi joining forces with a mobile game.
So it's going to be interesting to see how that plays out.
How about Europe?
On April 28th, we have State of Decay Year One Survival Edition.
On the 30th, we have Block and Load for PC.
And State of Decay Year One Survival Edition comes out on Xbox One on May 1st.
All right, just a couple more stories for you guys.
And then the classic game of the week, Loki.
All right, so this is kind of exciting, but, you know, Telltale Games,
they put out a lot of really interesting
games based on major properties.
Well, now they're going to be partnering
with Marvel to bring a new game series coming in 2017.
What is it?
No idea, but it's probably going to do with Marvel superheroes, obviously.
But, you know, that's literally all we know so far.
But, hey, I mean, everything else they've done has been pretty awesome.
So I'm looking forward to see what they have.
What Marvel movies are on the calendar for 2017?
Is that the whatever they have in store for Spider-Man is 2017, right?
I don't remember.
I think so. I think there's 2017's The Avengers, The Last Avengers.
Is that 2017 or is it 2018?
Is that civil? I don't know if that's civil war or not.
That might be all right.
Was it? Yeah.
Civil War is that Infinity War?
I don't know what that's called.
It would make a lot of sense for them to be doing something with The Avengers,
because then they could include everybody.
But, you know, whatever, like a major movie tie in of some sort,
it would make a lot of sense. Yeah, to be fair.
So, hmm.
Anything that you want to see.
I think there's a lot of people that would want to play a Deadpool game.
But I don't know. That was a Deadpool game and it was awesome.
But it played badly, but it was awesome.
Like a telltale game.
Remember, telltale games are very, very unique.
Just the storytelling could be very interesting.
I want to see a telltale Power Ranger game.
That's not a Marvel thing.
Well, Disney owns Marvel and Disney used to own Power Rangers here.
So I'm just saying it could be a time paradox story back when they owned it.
All right. Speaking of a time paradox,
you know, this could give people a reason to go to GameStop.
I know. I know.
You mean other than waiting in line for two hours when you're trying to preorder
an amiibo like I did? Oh, and then being told the system's down
or being told they already got sold out. Yes, but I had my DS, so it was fine.
No, I got the one that I was trying to do.
All right. Well, anyway, here's the thing.
Apparently, GameStop is going to be getting back into classic games.
There's a pilot program that's going to involve 250 stores all the way from New
York City to Birmingham, Alabama, that will be dealing in the classic games,
Nintendo Entertainment System, Super Nintendo, Nintendo 64,
Sega Genesis, the original PlayStation and the Dreamcast.
Hmm.
Apparently, a lot of these games will be
going to a refurbishment center in Grapevine, Texas,
and then will be offered for sale at a website.
And if you walk into the GameStop,
they're going to help you order these classic games.
So it's not that they're going to be carrying these in store.
They're going to be facilitating this through, like, a website.
So the pilot program is just going to be.
How about you just fucking go to an independent mom and pop
shop that's probably been selling these games forever?
I mean, I don't understand why you waste
your time with GameStop helping you order off a website.
What the fuck is that nonsense?
I will go to a flea market.
I will point out, though, that GameStop buyback apparently is going to be
something they're going to be. Oh, yeah, I'm sure they'll give you a top
dollar for that shit, right? I'm sorry.
We'll take five cents for that Super Mario Brothers.
No, thanks.
So anyway, GameStop put out more information.
There's like a whole little, like, interview out there about, like, you know,
how they're going to spot fakes and what if you're not satisfied with your
purchase and all that good stuff, but I got to say, I wish they would carry it
on the shelf, because if I'm in the mood for, you know, to make a purchase like
that, I want to walk out of the store with it.
You're right, Loki. I should just go to mom.
They don't have the shelf space.
That's the problem is they don't have the shelf space for that crap.
A lot is going to open up if keep things move, if things keep moving digitally,
which might be what GameStop's trying to do.
Position themselves, I don't know, some type of retro and then like they're just
going to go full circle and just change the name back to Funko Land.
Have like, was it the giant trade in within they used to have like a giant,
like, sheet on the wall that showed the trade in values for every day in a
magazine, used to get them in the magazine.
Right. That that that's up for honesty.
Where is that shit now for like my, you know, PlayStation four games or whatever?
Where's my magazine?
Where is it in Game Informer that I can see those trading values?
I thought they switched it now.
The website will show the trade in values for that.
They won't. The reason why is because it depends on the store because they have
their their formulas based off of like condition and demand and how many they
have in stock. Interesting.
Because, you know, they can't swap inventory around or anything like that,
even though they do do that.
All right. Well, since I brought up classic games,
it seems like an appropriate time for us to take a trip down memory lane and visit
the classic game of the week.
Star Soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she
thinks, hey, you know what, screw all these newfangled games.
Yeah, you don't need live streams of Xenoblade Chronicles X.
You should be watching this classic game.
Do the thing.
What is the classic game of the week this week?
Rob, I did this for you.
You did for you.
You picked Civilization?
No.
No, I didn't.
All right. What did you pick?
This one for you, too.
I did Quiz and Dragons.
I do love me some Quiz and Dragons.
It is the Capcom quiz game.
Yay.
It was released in arcades by Capcom in 1992, and it had some elements of RPGs
along with board games to make a really unique kind of game.
Dan was playing this last night and was playing as the ninja.
I was like, ninjas don't fight dragons.
OK, maybe they do. What are their abilities?
They can make answers disappear or skip the question.
Or I don't remember what the ninjas do.
We'll get into that.
So basically, the far off land of Capcania lived in peace and prosperity for years
thanks to the part of the knowledge tree, a tree which the holder of the tree seeds
has granted infinite knowledge of the world around him.
Blah, blah, blah.
Someone fucked the tree over and so you got to get it back.
OK, so you have you roll your dice and you
move across a board and then you can get to you can sometimes get a choice to move
to a different space at a fork in the road, but you get different questions asked
as you progress when you are fighting the dragon.
And so basically your whole point is to make it through the board game,
defeat the dragons in knowledgeable combat and make it to the end.
You must always you can't skip the questions when you get to the dragons.
Your characters are the fighter
and he recovers health points faster than the other three characters.
The Amazon is that sometimes she only has
three or two rather than four answers when given a set of questions.
The wizard's ability
allows the wizard to sometimes choose the category.
They'll be given.
And then so I can avoid sports questions, right?
Yeah.
And the ninja's ability is is to deal out double damage to the opponent,
which means you have to answer fewer questions, basically lowers it by one.
So some of there's actually a lot of errors in this game.
One of them, like who's the lead singer
for the band Devo didn't actually have the right answer, but it had his brother
who was the keyboard player.
And then
like what are Elroy, Justin's parents names lists
Jane is Judy, so it's, you know, different things.
Well, and then the fact that this game was made in what, 92.
So you have a lot of questions about like who holds like there was just one
on the YouTube we're watching who holds the world record for something,
something in baseball, some of these things could have changed.
So not only do you have to know the answers
to questions, you have to know the answers to questions in 1992.
So this did come to PS PS Capcom Classics Collection remixed
and PS2 and Xbox's Capcom Classics Collections Volume Two,
which we just ordered a copy of because mostly I guess for Strider,
but Quiz and Dragons was on it, so we got it.
Oh, I think the reason we got this because it had three wonders on it as well,
which three wonders is an amazing little game, but I've covered it before.
So Quiz and Dragons, Rob, what are your memories of Quiz and Dragons?
I remember I think it was like a roundtable
pizza near here or something had it and I just it was fun because I kind of like,
I don't know, the the game show lover in me loves trivia
questions and trivia games, even though I'm not always good at it.
So combining my loves of game shows and video games is perfect.
This is almost our precursor to Mario Party, really.
A little bit, but except I've never I've never threatened to kill somebody over
your brain instead of mini mini games.
So it was also an insanely hard game.
Like some of the questions get crazy hard
and sports questions will slaughter me every time.
It's so unfair, so unfair.
In fact, I'm looking at half of these questions.
I don't even know half these questions I'm seeing on the screen right now.
Can you not even I can't.
But I still love the game. I love the concept.
I kind of wish they'd done a new one on like Xbox Live or something.
But, you know, again, the game show lover
in me misses one versus one hundred every day.
Sniff.
But yes, this is oh, well, all right.
There it is, classic, you have to come over to my house and play it now.
Quiz and dragons.
I'm trying to think if I have it. I thought I had one.
I thought I had it on like a Capcom collection or something on PS2.
I think I have it. Yeah, I think I have it.
But I'll still come over to play.
We can party like it's 1992, like I'm in 10th grade.
But it'll be like Twin Peaks is coming back to TV.
There's a Clinton running for office.
Twin Peaks isn't coming back so much anymore.
That's true.
But I just sort of had this brain fart like, what was I wearing in 1992?
Mom jeans and Vans, high school fashion.
And I had really, really frizzy hair.
I don't even remember what I wore.
I wore these huge owl glasses, too.
It's awful.
All right.
That's going to do it for the first half of our show.
But we got plenty more Orange Lounge radio to come.
So don't go anywhere.
Second half of Orange Lounge radio is up right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge radio.
We are live tonight with our 595th episode for this April, the 26th of 2015.
And I'm joined, of course, as always, by Loki and Dark Soccer here in studio.
And Shane is here as well with us for tonight's show.
So kindly missing Game of Thrones right now.
I brought my Apple TV so I can watch it whenever I want.
Are you enjoying that whole HBO Now service or whatever it's called?
Yeah.
Yeah, I've watched the last X-Men movie like four times now.
Really?
I saw it in theaters and I liked it.
And then I saw it was on HBO and I don't have HBO until the free trial for now.
So I watched that four times.
I've watched the Scientology documentary twice.
Then I watched, like, the fourth Harry Potter movie because it's the only one they had on there.
Yeah, I like it. And Game of Thrones.
That's really all you need it for.
Gotcha. All right.
Well, this is the part of the show where I'd usually do the forum feedback,
but we actually didn't get any posts on our last show.
And to be fair, I was making the post for a long time to try to get the discussion going.
And I've kind of been slacking off in the past week.
I don't like to discuss my day job here on the show,
but all I can say is that a lot is going on.
And especially this last week and this coming week is big.
So, yeah.
So for that reason, I haven't been as active with a lot of stuff outside the shows,
although I have a mounting pile of projects to be working on.
So anyway, I'm not going to tell you my sob story.
But yeah, that's why I haven't been as active on some things I usually am.
Because, you know, if I don't have a job to pay the bills,
then I can't afford to do Orange Lounge Radio.
So having the job is important.
Anyway, but if you want to participate
in a future week in our forum feedback segment, you can.
Just visit our website over at vognetwork.com, click on forums.
You can also just go directly to forums.vognetwork.com.
All right. So let's get into some rapid fire news.
We're going to quickly go around and talk
about some other little footnotes in the gaming industry this week.
Loki, yes, PlayStation is on tour.
They're basically bringing the the bus
around to show off some PlayStation games that are not released or should be coming
out maybe later this year, it's part of that road to greatness tour.
And it's starting actually or should say
it started April 24th and it's going to continue on through November.
They're making some stops.
California, Ohio, Georgia, Rhode Island,
Texas, Wisconsin and New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
And I wonder where in California they're coming to.
Let's see here.
Let's find out if they're nearby that might be worth it.
Oh, no, wait, that looks like Southern California.
So fuck you for not being anywhere near us.
In Indio, California, the stagecoach music.
Indio is where they do Coachella.
Yeah, at the stagecoach music festival.
So no, no, no, thank you.
Nope.
Actually, the one year I went to Coachella, not that anybody cares,
but PlayStation was there, I remember that.
I mean, this was so they had like PS twos there because this was like
2002 was the year I went to Coachella.
So in case you're wondering, the other cities that they're going to stop at
right now, there are I believe the next stop is at Columbus, Ohio.
That's Friday, May 15th through Sunday, May 17th at the Rock on the Range.
They also have Bethlehem, Pennsylvania on August 16th at Music Fest,
Readington. That's huge in that area.
I've been in Allentown when that whole thing is going on.
Redington, New Jersey on July 24th through Sunday, July 26th at
the New Jersey Festival of Ballooning.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin on July 4th for Summerfest.
North Kingston, Rhode Island on May 28th through the 31st of the Rhode Island Air
Show,
Rome, Georgia Counterpoint Music Festival.
That's May 24th.
And Houston, Texas on June 6th and June 7th for the Free Press Summerfest.
So that's it.
Anyways,
and then with that, there's, you know,
remember how Rockstar Games said, hey, yeah, there's not going to be mods.
We're not going to allow modding for Grand Theft Auto 5 and all that shit.
And remember how I said it didn't fucking
matter because they said the same thing about Grand Theft Auto 4?
Well, I stick with that.
And in fact, going along with that, they have released,
this is thanks to modder Alexander Blade, who I believe did the script hook in
Grand Theft Auto 4, but he has one now for Grand Theft Auto 5.
And it allows you to run a brand new trainer.
They have the the native trainer blade, as they call it.
And it is fucking hilarious.
You can turn into animals.
You can do all the, you know, God Mode things.
They have some funny footage out there on the internet.
So definitely check it out.
But this is this is exactly why I want to play it on PC, because I love that trainer.
It was tons of fun.
So I just need a better PC now.
That and the Rhinoculus stuff, but yeah.
And then someone's turned 20 today.
And that would be oh, maybe not today, but
turned 20 and that would be Newgrounds.
That's right. 20 years old.
Wow. They have been around having wonderful
flash games and not so wonderful flash games.
Wait a minute. That means they were around when I was nine years old.
Oh, OK, maybe not.
More like 19, be quiet.
That's not even true, although I mean,
they were around when I was 19, but they were around when I was 16.
But that's pretty awesome and
good to them.
20 years.
Maybe we'll make it 20 years.
We won't have any flash games, though.
Maybe my game will be done, but we'll know there's flappy fog.
Oh, that's true. Always have flappy fog.
Nothing else. All right.
Anyhow, moving on to some other stories.
For the night in rapid fire news,
these rumors have been going around forever, so I'm not exactly sure why it's
making its way around the news blogs again this week.
But apparently rumors are intensifying
that Gears of War will be getting an Xbox One remaster.
Some various reports on gaming websites say that Black Tusk Studios and
Dirty Bomb splash damage are working on a remastered Xbox One version of at least
the first Gears of War game.
We don't know exactly what all this entails,
but apparently part of it will be in-game graphics improved.
Of course, sharper textures, improved lighting, reworked cut scenes courtesy
of Plastic Wax Animation Studio, so it won't be a new game altogether.
But I bet there'd be a lot of people
to be very interested in remasters of the original.
Shane, you were a big fan of the original Gears of War series, right?
Yeah. Yeah.
So would you, I mean, consider an Xbox One if they remastered?
No. Why not?
It would take something better than
Gears of War for me to consider an Xbox One.
Sunset Overdrive looks kind of cool,
but if you're going to remaster an Xbox exclusive game,
let's remaster Jet Set Radio Future or what else is good?
Otogi. Otogi was fun, but that's from software,
so I'll let you make our Souls games now.
What else was an exclusive on there?
Sneak King.
You could do Sneak King.
You want to...
God damn it, where are my Kinect
Burger King 2.0 games?
You would have to stand there and sneak like this.
It'd be amazing.
You know what would be fucking creepy?
Oculus Rift, Burger King games.
Wasn't there supposed to be a whole series of Kinect Burger King games?
Yes. Where the fuck are they?
I'm still waiting.
They're with Konami's entire library.
No, sadly, they're with the Kinect.
Which is also with Konami's entire library.
Anyhow, talking about a movie that many of us are anticipating,
the Warcraft movie. That's right.
The Warcraft movie was delayed.
Get this. It was supposed to come out in March 2016,
but now it's been pushed back to June 10th, 2016 with no reason.
You may remember this is the second time, actually,
now that the movie's been pushed back, because you may remember that
the first time it was pushed back from December of this year.
Oh, because a little movie called Star Wars
Episode 7 decided it was going to come out on the exact same day.
So Warcraft... Like nerds can't buy tickets to two movies.
I know, right? It is a lot.
But anyway, well, I'm fine because it really sounded like they wanted
the extra three months to kind of work on things anyway.
Maybe there's another movie coming around the same time.
That's also like a big blockbuster.
Like, is there another Marvel movie around March?
I don't know. Maybe that was my first thought.
Isn't there a lot of crap coming out in 2016, though?
Like, there's a lot of movies.
I mean, summer is just always busy,
and now Warcraft is going to be in the midst of that.
And I don't know. Eventually, Half-Life 3.
But I mean, that just seems like a gamble, though.
And won't that even be... Will that be E3 week?
No, I guess it'll be the week before E3 in 2016.
Just depends on where it falls.
So, yeah, anyway, for whatever reason, they delayed the Warcraft movie again.
So Warcraft fans going to just wait even longer.
But seeing as there's still not even a trailer,
although there was that little bit I saw at BlizzCon that never got out
because they had the guards walking around and nobody got any footage out of BlizzCon.
But I will tell you, the trailer looks sweet.
I was... I can't believe they won't put it out already.
It looked really good.
Anyway, I assume they'll put it out eventually.
Maybe there'll be a trailer on one of the big summer movies.
Lastly, a little shade thrown at DLC by who?
Sakurai. Masahiro Sakurai from Super Smash Brothers.
Which is strange when you consider that, hmm, you know,
Super Smash Brothers just released some DLC this week.
However, Sakurai has said that the product that you get at launch
should be 100% complete and shouldn't require additional cash post launch,
saying, these days, the DLC scam has become quite the epidemic.
Charging customers extra money to complete what was essentially an unfinished product.
I completely understand how aggravated players must feel.
After all, a game should be 100% at the time of release,
and I would be livid if it were split up and sold in pieces.
Why, then, do you think so many titles provide premium DLC on or shortly following a game's release?
It's because that's the easiest way to make money.
After all, if you wait too long after a game's release to distribute additional content,
players will already move on to the next title.
Even long-tail titles, that is, ones that perform consistently well over an extended period of time,
make more money the earlier they come out.
Moreover, we decided to release other characters as well,
because part of the fun of Smash is the anticipation.
Which character will join the fray next?
If we keep distributing content, we can maintain that excitement,
and I think that is a really great thing.
Yeah, but it's more of like, hey, you didn't include this character that I really wanted you to include
that you had in previous games for arbitrary reasons.
Are you going to announce that it's coming back?
I don't know if it's on the show roll, because I admit I didn't read it,
but that reminds me of how this past week Ed Boon kind of tweeted about it.
Something's coming up on that one later.
Dang it! Dang it!
Stay tuned.
But I won't remember at that point what I was going to say.
Stay tuned. Stay tuned. Dark Sakura.
Well, there's stuff.
Actually, I know we have a lot of people who like good old games, GOG.com.
So they have over 25 games that are up to a 75% discount,
lasting until April 28th.
So there's only a few days left of it, but they are DRM-free PC games.
Among them is Mark of the Ninja, Dust Force DX, Triple Town, The Ball,
Banner Saga, Wizardry 6, 7, and 8.
So check it out.
Also, there is a theory that the classic
fatalities are going to be coming to Mortal Kombat X,
at least according to Steam.
There was information found on the Steam
database, according to the Mortal Kombat subreddit,
that points to the classic fatalities, with a K, being added as DLC packs.
That's what you wanted, Rob.
Why are they dropping arcade machines on people's heads?
You have to pay for it later.
I still feel like it's going to be so disgusting.
And yeah, just charge me for what I really want.
Let's rip out Spine's 90s style.
Money, money, money.
Must be funny.
OK, Abba.
And then there has been a leak for the new Disney Infinity figures.
They are, it's actually going to be for the Disney
Infinity 3.0, which is, you know, Roo, Ward.
And there are going to be five coming out from the upcoming Pixar film, Inside Out.
Also, others are including Mickey and Minnie Mouse, Mulan, Olaf from Frozen,
Sam Flynn and Quora, which I would probably start playing this for Sam Flynn and Quora.
It's not a good game.
I mean, back when it was just Skylanders and Disney Infinity, Skylanders was better.
I could just buy the figures and go over to Becky's house.
Oh, I was going to say I would just get the figures like I do with Amiibo.
Becky has the game and I could just go play with Julian.
She would need the new game, though.
She has a child.
Becky, I'm coming to your house with the 3.0 and figures maybe.
Done.
All right, let's get to the frugal question of the week.
I'm actually, before I get to the frugal question of the week,
I've got to read chat because chat's responding to some of these
things we were talking about there in the rapid fire news.
Tigerclaw talking about the Warcraft movie saying now it comes out after TMNT2.
TMNT2 is June 3rd, Warcraft June 16th.
Actually, I thought the article said June 10th, but regardless.
But see, that's the thing.
There's going to be a lot of summer movies back to back to back.
And this seems to happen like a lot of summers.
Like you just get movie, movie, movie.
It's like every week or every other week.
I guess I'll have to stay tuned to Flaco
Jones's preview article when it goes up at vognetwork.com.
Plug, plug.
Let's see.
Also, Dartitsuya talking about the Smash Brothers DLC saying, well, to be fair,
you don't have to buy Mewtwo, Lucas or whoever else is included with the DLC.
I didn't.
So whatever.
Or I don't really I don't really plan to.
I might get Lucas. I don't know.
But I want to see what other characters are going to announce.
So whoever gets announced, they're getting amiibos, too, probably.
Yay. Can't wait for that.
Didn't you vote for like RuPaul?
Yeah, if RuPaul gets in the game, RuPaul amiibo.
That would be awesome.
Yeah, if RuPaul got an amiibo, I guess I would get up at 3 a.m. for that.
I guess I'd have to.
I'd have to sissy that walk out of bed on over to Twister Us.
Let's get to the Fubo question of the week.
Every week we ask a question of our
Facebook and Google Plus communities, Facebook dot com.
So when the Google dot com slash plus Orange Launch Radio, what with the teaser
like, you know, the little logo thing that pops up on, you know,
when they're announcing RuPaul as the new fighter in Smash Brothers.
It's RuPaul sashays into battle.
Yes, exactly. Exactly.
Man, you should design that intro.
I think it's a very good, very good lead.
All right. So tonight for our Fubo question of the week, I had to ask this.
Originally, I was going to ask about the whole mods and steam thing.
But then this issue came up.
So I said, here, let it all out.
And I just put it based on a link to the article.
Silent Hill release date canceled.
You know, Toros says it's not going to happen.
So I said here, I'm just leaving it here.
Let it all out. So let it out.
They did. We had a lot of people respond on Facebook and Google Plus this week.
I will still read these answers, but I may cut them down for length a little bit.
Degenerate Johnny on Facebook says, I'll just repeat what I said earlier.
I feel like someone who's been in a long term relationship with someone.
Then one night she takes me out to a well
planned high end dinner with musicians playing at our table.
Then at the end of the night, when I'm
expecting a proposal, she says, I've been sleeping with your best friend.
It's best that we don't see each other anymore.
Frown.
William Murderface says, I'm not really sure if there's much to be said about at
this point because we simply don't know enough to say anything about either camp's
motivations, much less assign blame.
I will say this, though.
It's unfortunate because Silent Hills was
looking like a much needed return to form, but maybe they'll find a way to finish it
and surprise us all.
The ever eloquent breast lol appears on our Facebook and says the following.
And I quote, fuck shit.
God damn it. Fuck, fuck.
God damn motherfucking shit, shit, shit, ass, fuck, ass.
Everything is ruined.
Bravo, bravo.
Well,
you don't need to read any other one.
You're really you're expressing how we all feel.
I think with your eloquent spreads lol.
Call into the show sometime. We miss you.
All right, or something.
Slurpee says Silent Hill canceled.
Thanks, Obama.
Somebody that's still a thing that is like it's so dumb.
I got here.
I kind of thought it would be done being
a thing when finally Obama actually said, thanks, Obama.
Like, did you see that video of him where, like, he's trying to put the cookie
in the glass of milk and he's like, thanks, Obama.
It's really I liked the rage interpreter.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
There was comedy gold out of that anyway.
Back to the food question, the week.
Tiger class says I've never played any of the Silent Hill games,
but Konami have really shot themselves in the foot with this one.
Oh, man. If only I had that Loki clip ready from like 10 years ago.
Wow. My foot.
I'm shooting myself in the foot.
Robert Kay replied on Facebook and says,
because you can't spell royal fucking cock up without Konami.
I guess there's a similar sound in there.
Who's going to look after the giggling testicle baby in the bathroom sink?
Bunch of bollocking bastards.
Testicle baby.
I've never heard that one.
You guys are so eloquent with your speech tonight.
I think we need like a like, was it one of those, you know,
slow motion videos with, you know, the arms of an angel playing in the background.
It's like, consider the baby who's going to take care of this baby.
Somebody should make one of those videos,
but for like all the Silent Hill monsters and so we can adopt them.
Yeah, they don't get killed off by Konami.
Anyway, back to more answers on Facebook.
Jesus Z says, sad, if true, but unsurprising.
Hideo Kojima was the only one at Konami
with any creative vision over the last 60 years with him gone.
Konami's days as a relevant publisher over.
This is just another in a long line of bad decisions from the company.
Not long before they cock up Metal Gear the way they did Castlevania,
and only a bit more before they go the way of Midway.
Cane I am says it's just sad.
Konami has gone so far off the deep end that they no longer want to make money
without Kojima. What else do they have?
FIFA can see casino games, anything else?
I guess they've just lost the will to live.
They don't even have FIFA.
Because I just don't see those things
carrying them for long unless they have some huge new IP.
Andy R says, I'm sorry for all you who loved PT,
but I honestly can't stand horror games, so it really doesn't bother me.
That said, game companies, please stop announcing your games too early.
Wait until the game is good and ready to announce it.
Also, wait until then to release it, too.
See, I'm with you to a point, Andy R,
because I do agree that a lot of times
we get these teases for games that just then disappear.
I'm sorry, don't start at the hype
treatment if you haven't finished the bridge yet.
I get that. I totally get that.
But at the same time, like PT even on its own was such an amazing
experience and the fact that people didn't know what it was.
Nobody knew when it came out that it was a Silent Hill trailer.
And how did the word finally get out there?
Because of thanks to the world we live in of live streaming,
this random player, she was playing it
on Twitch and she did the magical steps needed, which, I mean,
if you think about it now, it's easy, right?
What is it? Step one, take ten steps, wait for the baby to cry,
say the J name, wait for the baby cry, wait for the baby to cry again.
And then the phone rings.
Now it's easy. Unlike the trailer, we don't know how to do it.
You still have to wait like the ten seconds for the vibrating to stop.
I think you just have to let it. Oh, yeah, you do have to wait for it.
Yeah, you have to wait for the vibrating.
But anyway, so this girl who is playing it up the phone,
this girl who is playing it on Twitch had no idea what was about to happen.
And then all of a sudden, like, like she got the fucking golden ticket.
Like you unlock the game.
You're broadcasting the silent world debut
of the Silent Hill trailer on your on your Twitch channel.
And it was like this huge thing.
And I kind of love the way they did it.
But yeah, I also guarantee that they kind of like fucked up with that.
So anyway.
OK, so
the big thing, though, is that I still think
that if there have been mods out, you know, or like what's the word I'm thinking of?
If someone could take PT and modded into a full game,
wouldn't that be pretty crazy? I consider PT already a full game.
Yeah, but a short game.
Yeah, I guess.
But I don't know.
You could be five nights one that same time, I guess.
And it's free. I just got it.
Hopefully I will be able to download it when I if I ever get a PS4.
Yeah, we'll see if they don't just remove
it from the server, slash somehow invalidate all our copies.
That means I'll have to get it from somebody.
Since we're always connected,
they could just delete that thing in the middle of the night and be like, no scary.
Oh, my gosh. Anyway,
Brad B, our buddy from Pod Culture, says, What if Silent Hills not being released
because they now have a different name or subtitle title for it?
All this could be to generate buzz.
I see not working.
It's the wrong buzz.
It's the wrong buzz.
You don't that's not this isn't working.
I'm going to put a little twist on this
answer because I kind of think this is really the direction you're trying to go.
The response like that is that maybe I mean,
if Kojima splits from Konami and kind of goes off to do his own thing,
there's no reason they can't still team up to make a game like what they were going
to make anyway, but doesn't have the same people attached.
No more Del Toro.
He's the one that said, We're not doing it.
No, he didn't say he said he's not doing it.
It's not not doing it with Kojima.
Norman Reedus said the same thing, that it's not happening now.
Sad. All right.
Anyway, let's go to Google Plus because we do have a couple answers over on Google
Plus, and I want to make sure we read those answers as well.
If Google will cooperate with me, that is.
You can, of course, add us on Google dot com
slash plus Orange Lounge Radio, and you can answer the question just like
Rhetortainment did, who eloquently put, Noooooo.
That was it. And then act deft.
So eloquently replied, Dear Konami, fuck you hard in the ass.
Good luck in the future.
You assholes. Sincerely yours.
Act deft. Such classy responses from our chat.
A lot of it's just because
people are still mad at the fact that they haven't really been,
you know, they haven't supported Dance Dance Revolution or anything.
They it's like they're dragging their
feet with every aspect of, like, support for their games.
You know, it's like there's not really
been a good Castlevania game from them in a while.
And the last few Silent Hill games have been great.
And it's like, oh, my God, finally, finally, you know, they're going to, you know,
finally, they're going to get this right this time.
But then, no.
I think we need to go get a tent real quick, Rob.
No, I'm out after that picture that Rama posted.
Sorry, I try not to let chat derail me if
they're talking about something completely different than what I'm talking about on
air, but Rama, bless his heart, says people are camping out for amiibos
in New Jersey right now and send a picture from this afternoon where there are tents
in front of a Toys R Us store out there. And I looked at Shane.
I said, I'm out. Greninja is important.
I know I'm gone. I'm out.
I'll bring you breakfast or something. Have fun.
But no, it's fine. You'll still be OK.
We're not going to go get a tent.
We'll go there. Moderately reasonable time.
Only seven hours early. Yeah, only seven.
Those people like twenty four hours.
Not that hardcore. Way too much time.
All right, you just do it.
Kristin and I did where we bribed our way in line with donuts.
That did work. Oh, you have to bring a lot of donuts for these amiibo people.
I stood in line for Mega Man.
They weren't budging.
All right.
That's it for the Fugu question of the week.
Let's get back into some other news here.
Loki, I don't get you people with amiibos, but whatever.
Anyways,
Call of Duty.
There's another one coming out this year.
I mean, as there normally is.
But this time they're doing Black Ops three and everybody is happy because, hey,
it's Treyarch again and it seems like they're the only company that makes good
Call of Duty's nowadays and hooray.
And so here's what's kind of different about this one.
For the first time, though, ever, it's going to be a co-op campaign,
which is kind of cool. So four player co-op campaign.
They have three main characters.
We each have their own kind of unique abilities, which is kind of cool.
With that,
there's some customization that you can do as well.
I believe you can change even the genders of the characters.
So they have, like, for example, four specialists that they're showing.
One of which is, I guess, this guy named Ruin, who has these gravity spikes.
It allows them to jump through the air and slam down on people.
They have some other one that has like
this large caliber pistol that's able to kill people pretty fast.
And also a robot that has his arm can change into a gun.
Yeah, that's pretty awesome, I think.
Because why not? Because it's awesome.
I mean, that's why you do that.
But how much Kevin Spacey is in this game?
There is no Kevin Spacey in this film or this game film.
Then why would anybody want to buy it?
Same reason as Advanced Warfare.
He didn't I mean, he was good in Advanced Warfare, but it was just kind of OK.
It's they have like a new movement system in this one.
It looked kind of cool based on a trailer.
You know, people like the Treyarch zombies.
So those are going to be back as well.
I think the fact that they have the co-op
campaign is going to be pretty awesome, so I'm looking forward to that.
I don't know, just fun games, whatever, you know.
I just want random actors to show up again.
Like maybe they can get Christopher Walken this time.
Well, zombies are like where that's usually at, because the zombies last time
they had like a bunch of weird people in there and you just like some famous
famous actors just
randomly in there.
I think I remember who they had for zombies from last one.
I remember they actually did a campaign for zombies for Black Ops 2.
I mean, they sort of had one where you're on this bus,
but I'm not really sure what they're doing this time around.
But I know with the zombies in Advanced Warfare, they had like something with I
want to say wasn't John Malkovich in there.
He was in there as like a janitor or something like
Bill Pullman or something.
I forget who the fuck else.
I hope he played the president, Bill Pullman.
No, I don't remember if it's Bill Pullman, it's somebody.
I mean, Lone Star for president.
And just like these random people in there,
they're these famous actors like, hey, John Malkovich playing a janitor.
OK, sure.
Go with that. That makes sense.
So I don't know.
I would totally be down there thinking
Nicolas Cage playing anybody in this game, he can play a cat for all I care.
I just want to see him in this game as somebody or or even like Gary Busey.
Can we get like Nicolas Cage and Gary Busey
like yelling at each other in this game? That would be pretty awesome.
Or hell, let's just do that for the next Saints Row game, because I'm down there.
Just go all out. Exactly.
So, yeah, that's going to be coming out later this year.
In November, the usual
same Call of Duty time, same Call of Duty place.
I don't know, looks pretty awesome,
and they're also going to have some sort of arena mode that's going to be in it as
well, so that's going to be pretty cool.
And then, of course, a character progression system where you can use it
to customize your characters and loadouts and stuff.
I wonder if this game will do well.
Um, probably.
I mean, definitely, it's more interesting going in this Advanced Warfare kind of way.
I think, see, honestly, when they did the Advanced Warfare game,
I liked Black Ops 2. I thought that was a pretty good game.
The story campaign is pretty nice.
Is he like, I haven't been playing the multiplayer too much.
I play a little bit of it, but I actually do play through the campaigns.
And I like Black Ops 2's campaign a lot better than Advanced Warfare.
I thought Advanced Warfare is kind of boring at the end, but
Black Ops 2 is pretty exciting.
So I'm hoping that this kind of falls along
that same line, especially now that it's a four-player co-op.
That might be pretty cool to team up with some people.
Right. All right.
Well, moving on to a completely different topic from new games to classic games.
You know, it seems like the amount of Super
Nintendo games has really slowed down on the Wii U virtual console,
and yet there's so much left to go.
But for whatever reason, Natsume has actually responded to what's going on here.
And I think this is because there was a Q&A with the Natsume community manager.
I guess they have a Tumblr.
Go figure. As Dark Soccer was mentioning earlier,
what's his name for the Avengers has a Tumblr.
Mark Ruffalo. That's it.
And apparently Natsume has their own Tumblr, at least one of the community managers,
and was asked on Tumblr, will the two Pocky and Rocky Super
Nintendo games ever be re-released on the virtual console?
Oh, my God, those are so good.
Well, apparently the answer was
Nintendo's interests have moved on to other classic systems.
Interesting.
Why? That's stupid.
I have Pocky and Rocky 2.
That's a good game. What is with these Japanese companies?
Seriously, they just don't fucking get it.
I mean, it's like, hey, our fans want something.
You can make easy money from this.
No, we're just not going to do it because fuck you.
That's why. I just don't understand what's with these companies.
This answer might give some insight.
The Tumblr user was also asked,
how does the virtual console porting process work?
What are all the steps needed to put a game on virtual console?
The answer was the titles for virtual console are handled by Nintendo.
The publisher and Nintendo discussed
which classic titles would be a good fit and have the best potential to sell.
Once a title is agreed upon, Nintendo and the publisher work together
to bring that title to the designated system with Nintendo doing the bulk of the work.
So Nintendo, it sounds like, only brings over what they want to bring over,
what they think is actually going to sell.
Interesting.
Here's an idea.
I know this is far fetched.
Here we go. This is really far fetched.
Nintendo is doing a lot of the work here, but
emulators have been out there forever and they all fucking play all these games.
So I don't see what the big deal is with
getting this shit to run correctly.
And I'd be willing to bet that there is probably
a Super NES emulator built for homebrew
that runs on the Wii or Wii U.
And I bet you it runs that game just fine.
So I don't understand what work they're fucking doing.
I mean, how hard could it be to get this game to run if some college student or
some kid in his room has developed some game emulator to run your fucking ROM?
I don't understand why this is so hard for
this multi-billion dollar company to be able to handle this.
It is a little strange.
I mean, as much as I talk about, I would like to see Virtual Console take
a step forward and maybe offer some new features, maybe a little bit more like
the leaderboards, the co-op over the Internet and all this stuff.
Like, it's just, you know, I realize that would be more work.
And to pay somebody to do that work,
you have to have a reasonable expectation that the game is going to sell X amount.
Just dump a ton of shit on there and start offering deals for like,
hey, this week we're going to offer deals on this, you know, company.
Start selling that shit like you're fucking doing it on PlayStation Network or on
Steam or something like that, where people like me and, you know,
start buying this shit like you're fucking collecting it.
It's like, well, I'll play it eventually.
You know, five dollar price points for Super Nintendo games don't have that same
impulse buy as, you know, a 99 cent sale.
And trust me, this point, if you're marking it down to that, it doesn't fucking matter.
You've made your money a long time ago on this title.
Whatever you make now is gravy.
So just I don't understand what the hesitation is on this.
Akuma JP offering a different perspective
in our chat room over at live.vognetware.com saying we need money to make the game.
Emulator is just an emulator.
Fans will give a shit if we just make emulators.
So could it potentially be that there I
mean, in all fairness, there's a lose lose situation because if they just do,
you know, as you say, it's just kids in college are making emulators.
But if that's just what they put on on
the Wii U, here's me bitching about that they should do more.
But then if they do more, then that's going to take time and work to do that.
It's a lose lose prospect.
They're going to take it's going to take time for them to do that.
But they're not doing that.
So that's it's not even a point at this point.
I mean, that's what I'm saying is like if this all it is now is let's say they're
just putting it up with the features that they have now on the virtual console.
So basically nothing.
They're really adding nothing to these
games aside for they need to work on the virtual console.
Then I don't understand why it's taking them so long to do this.
If they've got these other games running just fine, obviously they have some sort
of basic emulator running on there, and I want to say that, you know, it's easy
enough for them to it is some sort of emulator because it's easy enough for
people to strip the ROM out and put a new ROM back in and get to work.
That's how they used to do shit.
We're like how to get Smash Brothers on
the 64 running on virtual console before it was even released on it.
I know it fucking works.
It's that easy.
But if for some reason they're just not doing it and I don't know why.
All right, it's literally take ROM out, put different ROM in.
Well done. I mean, I don't understand what the big deal is.
Let's let's move on.
Loki, Loki could go off on this all night,
but we got we got other stories to get to Dark Sakura.
Well, there is
a statement from an Activision executive
that says that Guitar Hero is not going to be an annual thing.
Still, they said no Guitar Hero in 2016.
So we're just getting our Guitar Hero live.
And they're basically confirming it's just
going to be they're going to still support it through DLC, of course.
But there's no need to put out, you know, other spin offs.
That's just going to be Guitar Hero live.
Yeah, especially if that whole like music thing is running 24 seven.
I mean, that could last a long time until they decide to shut the servers down.
But that those two bills still be a good, what, three years?
Well, it's also because they can't expand the live portion of the game because all
those songs they recorded a live audience to in order to have that portion of the game.
That's why they're not expanding on that part of the game,
because they'd have to rerecord whole sets of people to those songs.
And so they're not willing to put the effort in there.
That's why it's only that Guitar Hero TV that they're adding content to.
Whether the effort would probably be
prohibitively expensive to have it be a constant thing.
Exactly. So that's why you're not going to see expansions, which I'm fine with that.
Yeah, I wouldn't want to see the whole like annual releases anyway.
But, you know, I want I want Guitar Hero to do well.
I do miss my music games.
I want Rock Band 4 to do well.
I just want everybody to do well.
All right, let's move on, Loki.
All right, so they're going to be
putting out Final Fantasy IV, the after years on Steam.
And it's supposed to be an enhanced version,
hopefully not enhanced as in Final Fantasy VII on PlayStation 4.
But I don't know.
I was trying to see based on the little
trailer that they had here, which is all cut scenes.
So that doesn't really show me anything.
Whether it was supposed to be like kind of updated graphics, like, you know,
how Final Fantasy IV was on the 3DS and that type of thing.
But apparently it doesn't really say.
But it's supposed to be some marginally more fancier version of the game that was
on PlayStation Portable and iOS, WiiWare, whatnot.
They had the after years, I think, already, because when I heard this news,
I was like, wait a minute, why are they wasting the resources
to convert the after years into 3D like it was all right.
But I would rather see them like go back and do six in 3D or something like that.
But I guess they already did it for iOS.
And they're just porting this iOS version of Steam and Android and all that.
So that's like like the Final Fantasy IV was ported.
This is happening, too.
But I still don't understand why.
I don't think that they did a 3D version of those.
I thought they just did that,
you know, the WiiWare one and the WiiWare PSP one.
Well, one way to find out.
I'm bringing up my phone right now and I'm going to search the store.
And I could be wrong, but I thought I had heard that iOS was
they already had the after years.
But is it like a 3D version of the game?
I didn't think it was 3D.
I thought it was just the same one that was on
WiiWare and PSP.
Because the PSP version is great.
Yeah, it's a good game.
I just I would like to even see like an after years type version of that.
It is it is the 3D version.
It's $15.99 and it came out.
I don't know when it came out.
I was trying to see the details.
Oh, September 4th, 2014.
So go figure.
I was surprised, too.
Well, that's kind of lame.
Can I get the original one instead?
I actually think the after years was it was it was OK, but it was very much like
let's try to let's try to make it last a lot longer than maybe it should have.
You know what I mean?
Bonds 006 in our chat room saying it I like Final Fantasy Record Keeper.
Yeah. You know, for a free to play game,
that game has really been getting a lot of people's attention, a lot of fun.
I was playing it for about a week when it came out and then I just kind of quit.
Are you still playing it, Shane?
You were playing it pretty hardcore, too, for just about a week.
Just about a week. I moved on.
Yeah, I think Alan was playing it and then stopped, too.
You know, preorder is out on Steam right now for the final years or the after years.
Yeah. So I but they marked it down.
That's what I'm saying.
It's on a like a 10 percent off special if you preorder.
So I put in for the the special.
That doesn't even register as a discount for me.
Ten percent is not enough.
Ten is like, no, that's not this kind of not enough for you to pull the trigger.
No, no.
I didn't really I got to be honest,
I didn't really care for the Final Fantasy four port on Steam because it looks so
weird on the monitor like because it was optimized for a phone and tablet.
It just it looks kind of weird.
I don't know.
Anyway, all right.
Well, let's go on to a pretty big deal.
A couple of news stories to do with Heroes of the Storm.
Heroes of the Storm, of course, is Blizzard's free to play answer
to games like League of Legends, Dota two.
It's a MOBA game.
And if you haven't played it, it's pretty easy to get into the beta at this point.
Like they're giving away beta keys.
Shit, I think I still have four beta keys.
So if you need one, you're following me on Twitter.
Just send me a tweet.
I'd be happy to send one over
unless all of a sudden, like all these people show up that I'm pretty sure most
people want to get in or in. But anyway,
Heroes of the Storm will be officially launching on June 2nd.
So even if you are still waiting on a beta key or whatever,
even if I somehow run out and you still don't get in,
you won't have to wait very long.
June 2nd is when the game is opening up to everybody.
An open beta actually happens on May 20th.
So it'll be easier to get in in about a month's time.
So that's it.
Here's the storm officially launching.
But honestly, the game feels finished to me.
So it's really weird that they are doing this whole,
you know, pomp and circumstance for the game officially launching.
But whatever, there it is.
A little trailer to go with it as well.
Now, it's also notable and maybe I shouldn't be talking about this
because it's something going on right now.
And yet here you are listening to OLR.
But maybe you have this on the TiVo or maybe this is why there's less people
listening tonight. I don't know.
But Heroes of the Dorm,
which is their like college, you know, league for Heroes of the Storm.
The Heroes of the Dorm finals are actually happening tonight.
But what's notable about that and why I'm bringing it up on the show,
it's being broadcast live on ESPN2 right now.
So this is a big shift for ESPN.
You know, ESPN2, it's not the Ocho, it's ESPN2.
So it's moving up.
ESPN2 is actually airing these finals right now.
This is the first time that ESPN is airing an esports on television.
Yes, they did do the League of Legends finals, but that was only online.
That stream brought in more viewers than
the deciding game in the World Series online.
Obviously, a lot of people watch it on TV, but online.
So this could be somewhat the test of will people tune in to watch this stuff?
And it could be very interesting to see how it works.
Because if it does well, maybe we'll see other things on ESPN in the future,
which is very interesting because the president, John Skipper of ESPN,
said that esports, he said, quote, it's not a sport, it's a competition.
Chess is a competition.
Checkers is a competition.
Mostly I'm interested in doing real sports.
So if this gets a lot of viewers, he might have to eat his hat.
So if you have one of those Nielsen boxes hooked up to your TV,
you might want to go ahead and turn on Heroes of the Dorm right now on ESPN 2.
Mute it and listen to us.
You can watch that and listen to us.
But yeah, I guess they could use the ratings.
So.
There it is.
Bobby Blackwell in chat saying they aired the Madden Bowl, but does
see and it's this tricky little line because does Madden really count as
competitive esports?
I guess you could make an argument either way.
You really could. I'm not going to try and argue that here.
I would say that you can play Madden competitively.
Yeah, there are a lot of people that are super into it.
I think they play. Is it one on one?
I don't know if it's more than one on one.
They do like two and two or one on one.
Tecmo Bowl playoffs.
That might be one of the is that you don't really have a team in that regard.
Maybe that's the whole difference.
I don't want to get into the scientific of it all.
So interesting.
It's very strange, though, that this whole thing is happening when Heroes
of the Storm isn't technically out yet.
It's not released yet.
Yet here it is on ESPN, too.
I mean, I'm telling you people, the game has been done for like six months.
They just keep adding new characters and all this other stuff they want you to buy.
All right.
Well, this is the part of the show where we would get into the mailbag.
Where Dark Soccer would dive in the mailbag head first and pull out some emails that
she finds worthy of reading on air, however, the mailbag's empty.
That's right, you all failed.
Fading tonight, I even had somebody that said they were
going to send in a message into the mailbag.
Well, they lied or they got in way too late.
Lied. So I guess you'll have to.
And I checked it like a minute ago.
There it is because they're like, I've been listening to you guys since 2012.
And really, you know, I unfortunately live on the East Coast, so I can't, you know,
stay up late enough. Now, some of our New York listeners would just I understand
that and I understand the same that they said they couldn't.
I'm like, well, you can send us an email, things.
Oh, OK, cool. How do I do that?
And so I send them you can participate in.
So like you can you can tweet us.
You can write us on Facebook.
You can email us. You can send us smoke signals.
And as soon as soon as I learn how to read that, we will put that on the show as well.
Well, the Skype line a little later in the show,
what a seven seven game of our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
But well, with no emails to read tonight,
I suppose the angst is going to be extra tonight because it's time for the FUs of the week.
Dark soccer, if you to my muse who won't shut up and keeps making me write stuff
and if you to really freakin weird dreams that involve me living in a semi
with my cat and everybody else in the world being monsters,
not zombies, monsters.
It's so weird.
OK.
Loki, if you to the fact that I wasn't able to eat food this week until now,
hopefully,
and then also if you to the fact that I can't get my cat to walk correctly in the game.
And it's got
my FU this week goes out to something that's happening on Tuesday.
But I can't say anything more than that.
But it certainly is fucked.
That's all I can say about that.
Shane, how about you?
F you to Konami.
I hope you burn and F you to my hero's power
because no one is more susceptible to it than myself.
And I'm using it on myself right now.
It's really frustrating.
What are you doing with it?
Using my hero's power for what?
For terrible things.
Oh, no. Are you?
But are you thinking about maybe not doing tomorrow?
Possibly. Yes.
Don't say that because
another thing about me is if you tell me something opposite, I will do it.
Like ten times the opposite of what you want.
I'm just going to put a plan B out there.
And I'm really not going to like, I promise I'm not throwing this poor guy
under the bus who's done so much nice things for our show.
But maybe if I ask really nicely and we send them some money and something really
nice, maybe our Palakuma JP will get us some from Japan.
And so that way
there's like a bin of clearance ones of like ones we can't get here.
But they're just on clearance in Japan.
Nintendo.
And even if for whatever reason he won't or can't do it or something,
I know somebody moving to Japan very, very, very soon.
That would help us out with this stuff.
I'm sure I just want all the Pokemon at this point, because, you know,
like in the inevitable game that comes out this year, Amiibo will be a part of it.
And like, oh, do you have the Greninja one?
Well, you can get this special one if you tap it on the screen.
You got Jigglypuff, here's Jigglypuff.
And I need them all, just the Pokemon.
I don't care about the rest. Exactly.
All right.
But there's also that Heavensward thing tonight.
So that's another reason I'm like, oh, I want to just make Alras.
Kaijuto in chat says, whatever Amiibo I miss, I'm just going to get the cards.
I'm all Smash Amiibo.
Akuma JP in chat says, please send me the information.
What a nice boy.
He does so many nice things for us.
All right. I feel bad.
But Akuma, if you can get me out of waking up at 3 a.m. tomorrow, I will owe you big, big.
Anyway, you're lucky it was 3 a.m.
I was thinking, like, we wake up at two.
Go ahead. Those fucking people are out there right now already.
You're already late in New Jersey, in New Jersey.
You think they're crazier in some parts here than they are in New Jersey.
And I can't believe I just said that, but I believe that's actually true.
I'll bring a knife.
You're going to cut somebody over Amiibo?
I'll cut you. It's a Greninja Amiibo.
I'll stick you. Love Greninja.
He's so good. Oh, my God.
I can't. I can't. All right.
Anyhow, we got a couple more stories for you guys.
Then we're getting to the Skype line at 1877 Game OLR and our username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
But first, oh, Fifth Dream, by the way, is asking in chat, Heaven's Word thing.
Oh, yeah.
Tonight at midnight Pacific,
they're releasing the DirectX 11 benchmark for Heaven's Word.
But it runs on DirectX 11? Yes, it does.
You can also switch it to DirectX 9.
But more because some people can't do 11.
I don't think my computer can do 11.
But more importantly, it will have character creation for Al
Raw, though supposedly it doesn't have all the options.
It seems to have a majority of them.
I didn't know the benchmark did DirectX 11.
That's very important. It does.
You know, I almost want to get my computer, unhook it and hook it up to the TV.
Oh, my gosh.
I'm you know, that whole Hero's Power thing is just kind of working on myself.
Well, I'm still trying to build a new computer because I my old computer is old
and I need something to run my new Oculus Rift that I'm going to be getting tomorrow.
But I want to make a mini.
Well, it's not. Yeah, mini ITX PC.
So it only can fit one graphics card.
So I'm still debating between a GTX 970 or GTX 980, because the difference between
the two is about 10 percent in power, but it's also two hundred dollars in difference.
And I can't afford
even the 970.
All right. Anyhow, let's let's move on.
We got more news to get to. Loki.
All right. So the story that I believe Shane was waiting for me to talk about,
Ed Boon has hinted that, hey, you know what, Mortal Kombat X,
they have some story characters in there that you couldn't play.
But we're going to be adding them later.
I need Rain and Striker right now.
Given that pretty much PC folks have already figured out how to do it.
Yeah, but it was just a reskin of his nine sets.
They asked, you know,
would these characters make it in the full game?
And Ed Boon responded with a cryptic, you mean like a story pack?
Now, see, a story pack to me, if he's talking about characters implies
that we get the story pack characters in one pack and not one with seven costumes
like every four months or whatever, like if they do that as paid DLC.
I think that's fucked up.
If they do is paid DLC for every single
character that showed up in story mode that you couldn't play as.
And it was even if it was the thirty dollars at that point,
you've almost got about the same size roster as what comes with the game right now.
So that would be OK to me.
No, it wouldn't be OK.
Here's what's OK.
If you they had to pull that bullshit,
then you just wait for the fucking complete edition that comes out.
Already have the game.
So
at that point, though, it still may be cheaper to buy the complete edition
with all the DLC that they're doing.
So.
Oh,
all right.
Yeah, I'm not I'm not too happy to hear about that whole Mortal Kombat X.
If they give it away for free, though,
which people are already doing on PC anyway, without like I saw another YouTube.
Now they got Sindel.
It's still it's those aren't completed characters, though,
and it's still the nine move sets.
The thing about this game is that the
characters have three different like move sets now and they don't have the ones that
were PC skinned, they don't have fatalities either.
So they're not fully like even functioning characters.
I'm just saying, like, I want them to be free, I want them right now.
I'll play as rain rains, my favorite character.
But at the same time, if we get everything in one big bundle,
I'd probably be OK with it.
All right, moving on, I got one more story for you guys,
and it has to do with a classic series that I guess I never really realized was
still trucking along, but Jamie, you might you might take interest to this series
because I think he used to play these games back in the day.
Ease. Yes.
Not to be confused with Wise, which is what I used to call it.
Wise. I did too when I was younger.
Wise three to be.
It should be Ease, Ease, Ease, Ease.
All right. So Ease Six is on its way out.
Ease Six, the arc of, and I'm going to say this wrong too, Nafistim.
We did that one at Konami.
We had to say that word all the time.
For why? It's been out for a while.
It's been out for a long time.
Oh, has it? Oh, this is like a PC version of it.
I see. Well, the PC release is incoming
and there's a preorder trailer that you can watch on Steam and so forth.
It's out on April 28th for $19.99
on Good Old Games, The Humble Store, and Steam.
Oh, I see. You're right.
It's a kind of a redo of the PSP version.
So they have some improvements over the original PSP version,
saying less backtracking.
Well, that'll be good.
Controller support and a new catastrophe mode.
I played a little bit of that one.
Who doesn't enjoy a good catastrophe?
After all, you're listening to this program.
You know what would be nice?
Actually, if someone were to just with all the Ys games still coming out,
you know what I would love to see new additions to?
Valis.
Did you ever play those?
I know of the series and I don't think I didn't play it in depth.
No, Valis was a really good series.
I love Ys, but I would love to see some come back in the Valis series.
I didn't realize this.
Eric RPG telling me the PC version has been out since 2004.
Well, you can see how much I've been on top of my Ys.
But isn't this I mean, because this is they've fixed some things in it.
This must be some type of like little little like buff up of the older.
Maybe the new catastrophe mode is a detailed history of Konami.
On that note, I'm going to just let that story be.
All right. Maybe it's a cat ass trophy and a popsicle.
All right.
Red one that you bite into or you guys are crazy.
We're going to get to the Skype line one eight seven seven game or our username
on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to give us a call.
Hey, I think this is the earliest we've gotten to Skype in a long time.
So here's your chance.
East Coasters, which, by the way, I got to give a shout out to SSG 100,
Matt, because he said in chat earlier, he's listening to the game at Yankee Stadium.
So he's right now at Yankee Stadium,
I guess, watching a baseball game or maybe doing his thing and listening
to Orange Lounge Radio. I love it.
I love it. So we are going to get to the phones.
One eight seven seven game or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
And we eagerly await your call.
Meanwhile, I'm going to check and see if there's any last minute stories.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories?
No, I do not have any last minute stories.
Well, I am sorry.
There hasn't been any last minute news that I've found.
All right. I'm going to check Twitter real fast over at Twitter dot com slash.
Oh, L. R.
See, a lot of folks talking about ESPN,
the whole ESPN thing in our chat room right now and Bobby Black Wolf saying,
a buddy of mine just bitched on Twitter about what the hell are they showing on
ESPN to Bobby said people were just as upset when ESPN to aired the DCI,
the Drum and Bugle Corps finals, and he's like, good point.
You know what?
Even though I haven't done the marching man thing in a very, very long time,
that was still a very important part of my upbringing and high school and all
that stuff, so I think we should show that stuff on TV
because that will make kids want to get into music because maybe there's kids out
there who don't really want to do sports like baseball and all that.
And if they would see like the marching man stuff on TV,
maybe it would inspire them to get into music and that would be an amazing thing.
Anyway, that's Jamie's in the kitchen
fixing herself some dinner that Alan made.
But she's saying, I agree from the kitchen.
Anyway, Jamie said she was a marching man as well.
All right. I'm going to check Twitter real fast.
Twitter dot com slash O.L.R. where I'm going to ugly beg for calls one more time.
Twitter
one eight seven seven game O.L.R. or username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's get to our first tweet tonight from Garth The Wolf, who says the Silent Hills
cancellation news is a real stab in the heart with their U.S.
music division done for as well.
Konami is over for me.
And he tagged Konami in that post.
Oh, I did too when I when I tweeted.
Yeah, I said I literally can't stand that anymore.
Well, I had written a tweet earlier today.
It said, great to know that on the sixth episode of O.L.R.
I'll be eulogizing the company that inspired it to start.
They're dead to me now.
But like he said, no more Suikoden games, no more Silent Hill games.
We don't get Bimani anymore because they
took out the ones we had because of the EMU thing anyway, except for round ones.
So what's left for at least me to care about?
Saw a picture on NeoGaf of some person
saying, look, I can hold all my Konami purchases this year in my hands.
It was two hands.
They're like kind of sandwiched apart.
Like, I can't describe it, but there was nothing in between them.
I was like, yep, that's right.
Anyway, let's see.
Going to Y.Y.R. on Twitter, who says,
listening to the O.L.R. podcast, yes, Fantasy Zone 1 has been released
as a Sega 3D classic as well as 2, and it's great.
So there you go.
Yes, it is.
Let's see.
So that's it for the tweets right now.
Twitter.com slash O.L.R.
if you want to tweet us in a future week.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat saying Konami is fine with that.
They'll take their gambling money all the way to the bank.
Isn't it so weird, though?
We feel like a company could be doing more.
Like, that's how I feel about this whole amiibo thing, because one of my friends
posted a story to my wall on Facebook, my friend Christine.
I'm not sure she actually listens to O.L.R.
every week, but she knew when she posted it to say,
don't flame me over this or don't hate me over posting this.
But it was a story about how Nintendo is
really excited that they're doing really well with amiibo.
And my honest reaction to that was I really want to be happy for them,
but it's really frustrating to know that they could be doing even more.
And they're not.
And it's really frustrating as a fan to, like, want to support them.
But it's like, really, I got to go out in a fucking tent in New Jersey for 24 hours
ahead, just going to New Jersey.
But still, I mean, it's just the whole thing.
It's like, really, Nintendo? Really?
Really?
Where do we go? Japan has, like, clearance bins of them.
Actually, apparently Akuma told me that the NES amiibos are sold out in Japan.
Yeah, but the ones that they sell out, they get reprints of.
The ones we sell out on, they're gone.
Interesting.
But I just want Greninja and Jigglypuff and Charizard.
I know you want all the Pokemon and all the Pokemon.
I still want a Kirby and I missed it.
No, Kirby's still out.
Kirby's easy to get. I haven't found one at all.
William Murderface simply asking the
question in our chat, saying, I have to wonder what caused Kojima to split.
Dungeon Buster saying speculation seems
to point to Konami centralizing everything under one roof.
No more separate studios like Kojima.
Everything in one organization.
Very interesting.
We want you to do a Silent Hill slot machine.
No, not so well. Metal Gear slot machine.
He's like, no, bye.
No, that's not what.
So you'd first have to lift the cardboard box off of it to pull the lever.
And then either that or it's like, we want you to do an ending for Metal Gear
Solid that is longer than an hour, that is shorter than an hour.
And he's like, I can't do that.
Since we aren't getting any calls right now, we had somebody else walk into the
studio here and you all know him by now, say hello to Alan is here joining us.
Hello.
And I had the microphone passed to him,
even though he's trying to eat some of these delicious tacos that he made there.
It's Taco Time at Studio OLR, Studio N7.
And Jamie and I are just, these tacos are so good.
And you're trying to run a show when you'd like to go get tacos.
I would like to be a hug and have another taco.
But I'm going to wait until Rob eats.
I would, but I think now is a good time
to ask you about how Diablo three season three is going.
The one you said you weren't going to play.
I rolled a monk as my main for this season and for the build that I found on Icy
Veins that looked like it would be fun because, you know, all the min-maxers,
they go on the PTR and they do their spreadsheets on like what gear clicks
together and like every single piece is like,
you need to have the full spread of what they suggest for gear.
And I was having a really hard time.
I just I thought I wasn't doing as good as what my gear suggested.
But then I finally got the last piece of what I need to make all this click.
And I jumped up like 20 or like 15 greater rift levels.
So.
Oh, I see a Skype.
I know Skype sliding up and I ran to the
kitchen to try to get a taco so I can't even answer.
Rob's not allowed to have tacos.
All right. But you guys have to talk to the caller.
Who is it? Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who the hell are you?
Who the hell do you think it is?
I don't know.
It's Ron Sean, dammit.
Oh, I couldn't see your face because I just saw.
Is that a cat? Yeah, that's Ron and Akane drawing his cats.
OK,
it's a stupid box landing on my microphone cable.
Rob, you need to get rid of this box.
Hey, Ron, what do you think of star ninjas debut this week?
Did you see it from from Ninja?
I have not watched that.
I just started watching Q Ruger like a couple of weeks ago.
And then I got hit with other anime to watch.
And just when I thought I was free from editing con photos,
I have about another three thousand to edit from this weekend for I can even look
at more. OK, but you need to stop what you're doing because his morpher is a
hamburger. You need to stop what you're doing because he's about to ruin the rhythm
and the style that you're used to.
OK, DDR cowgirl is running through my head right now.
Thank you very much.
And nobody reminds actually the way you describe him reminds me of the cowboy
in the para para of the gal circle I never drama that came out.
It was actually really funny, but like the main like the main guy who's trying
to bring everyone together is this cowboy who speaks really bad English.
I'm sure this guy does, too, and his sword does the moonwalk.
All right, so I apologize.
You've been subjected to all that rama, but I was eating a taco.
I was going to mention something real quick, the interject because you guys were
so excited about that heaven swore expansion.
They already have a video of it online. Oh, no, I know.
But it's it's not the same thing as making your own stuff and seeing it in the video.
Don't understand.
Oh, I didn't realize you can make things.
Yes. What I want to ask Rama is that I have
to go back now for another taco because I forgot to put cheese on the first taco.
So I have to have a second taco.
Rob, Rob, Rob, where's my taco?
I'll FedEx it to you because I just finished I just finished heating up some
home cooking food I cooked earlier this week.
So, you know, I'll over ice you some of that good stuff.
I hope you like ribs.
Rama, what did you actually call in to talk about tonight?
The show some love to O.L.R. because evidently nobody else is calling in.
It's like, come on, people.
It happens. I figure everybody's watching the heroes,
the dorm thing or, you know, it is kind of a slow solar news week.
I mean, yes, we had the huge P.T. bombshell that just happened today.
But, you know, it's also sadly I'm going to be just keep it real here for a minute.
I think it's something a lot of people kind of saw coming anyway.
Like the week we talked about the Hideo Kojima and Konami,
like we're going to have a divorce,
this was one of the first questions that came up, like is Silent Hills fucked?
And nobody would say, no, it's not.
Well, now that Silent Hills has been canceled,
does this mean we can finally get a martial champion too?
You're not going to get shit from Konami.
That's not Metal Gear Solid five and pachinko machines.
So maybe a Metal Gear Solid DDR crossover?
If they sell off all the assets, maybe.
But I don't think that's going to be happening.
I think you have better chances of seeing a DDR slot machine,
which actually be kind of cool.
True, but it'd be pretty cool to see
Solid Snake dancing to Stomp to My Beat or something like that.
That would be awesome. I miss the good old days.
I just want to I just want BeatMania 2DX home versions already.
Jeez, like.
Who at Konami has to get blown for that to happen?
Rob, you are desperate, huh?
Yeah, I want BeatMania 2DX real bad.
You don't even know.
Take one for the team, sir. I salute you.
I would. You guys could pay me an amiibo so I don't have to camp out for them.
No, no, no, no. I have my two amiibos, OK?
When I got home from Saka to Matsuri and I saw that picture that I know.
Yeah, the thirst is real for these amiibos.
I'm telling you now, because of this, if not one, another article is going
to pop up that there was a fight at one of these toy stores and somebody
got shanked over a damn amiibo.
It's going to happen.
Well, I would bring a knife to mine, so.
Given where the Toys R Us is in my
neighborhood, I'd bring a shotgun while I'm at it, too.
So, hey.
All right.
I guess I'm going to go ahead and wrap up because some people in chat say they want
to call, so we're going to give them a chance.
Sure. I'm out of here because I edit photos
for Saka to Matsuri and all that cool stuff.
And have a good week off.
Oh, actually, it's not for like a month.
You're going to not have an anime jam session.
That's like a month away, right?
Yeah, we're taking the show.
We're going to Denver for Denver Comic-Con and we're just going to have a good time.
And we're doing old school anime cosplay.
No, it's nice.
That'll be fun.
That's going to be the closest you're going to get to the West Coast for some
time, too. That part upsets me, but I'll deal.
I would make my way out there one way or another.
You know, it'll happen again.
All right, good.
And I truly have to make my way back out to the East Coast.
But with this whole mag fest next year, that's probably what's going to happen.
So we'll see.
I'm waiting for him to open up the room so we can do
Vaakon at mag fest.
All right. Well, I'm going to let you go, buddy.
So we get more calls.
Much appreciated, man.
All right. Bye.
Bye.
1877 Game O.L.R., our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio,
but the phones are lighting up and another call's coming in.
So let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is the Locked On Gamer.
Locked On Gamer, where are you from?
I'm actually from Canada.
I used to be from England, but I'm an actual, I'm an immigrant.
I see. I see. What part of Canada?
It's a big place.
Alberta. All right.
What's up, Alberta?
And I don't think I've heard you on the show before.
Are you a long time listener for some callers?
No, I'm a new guy.
Yep. I just thought you'd like a new voice.
I love new callers and you got a great accent.
Well, what's on your mind tonight, buddy?
I wanted to talk about RPGs because I
think they're actually having a comeback in a way.
We're seeing Persona 5.
We see Tales of Hysteria.
We see Kingdom Hearts 3, Final Fantasy 15.
I think they're coming back in a big way.
And I just want to hear your thoughts on it.
Well, let me ask you this question.
Did they ever really go away?
I think they have over the PS3 era
because they kind of dropped in quality, I believe.
You know, they had troubles kind of getting
adapted to the next gen kind of engines
and the presentation of it due to the longevity of these kind of games.
So they had to build quite a lot for these kind of things.
Doesn't it seem like, though, a lot of it went to handhelds?
Because that's kind of where I see what happened.
It didn't so much play out on consoles as it did on handhelds.
And I think especially because the Wii was very dominant last generation,
but there weren't a lot of RPGs on the Wii.
There were certainly some.
I'm not saying there were no RPGs in the Wii, because there were certainly some.
And there were a lot of under the radar ones, too.
That were pretty good.
But it seemed like, you know, with the Xbox 360 really
dominating last generation before PlayStation three ever caught up,
it seemed like on Xbox 360, there were just very token RPGs thrown our way.
My chances are discovery and stuff like that.
Yeah, exactly.
It was like these token things like we're trying to get Japan.
We're trying to get Japan.
Now, granted, one of them at least was incredible.
Lost Odyssey. I still defend that game.
So good.
That is like a must experience game.
Such a moving game.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Like, I cry just thinking about some of the scenes in that game.
It's tough. But anyway, Lost Odyssey is amazing.
But it seems like 360 missed out on a lot of that stuff.
But it seemed like the handheld really picked it up.
A lot of companies were making them for the DS and the PSP.
Don't forget. And the Vita.
You know, we had just talked about the whole East thing and people were saying,
Rob, you boob, that's not new.
That was out on the PSP years and years ago.
And oh, yeah, because there was a lot of that stuff on the handheld era.
So just I don't totally disagree with what you're saying.
But I just think maybe things shifted for a little bit.
I just think the wow factor of RPGs kind of faded away in the PS3 generation.
But we did see some great games like Ni No Kuni and stuff like that.
But there are a few good portable titles.
But personally, they weren't for me.
Most of them.
You know what else I think is a factor
to consider in this whole what happened to all the RPGs.
And that is the MMORPG race.
Oh, yeah.
Because everybody wanted to make their own Warcraft, right?
And we've seen a lot of these come out
and a lot of them don't necessarily live up to what was imagined for them.
I'm not going to call them failures.
I don't want to call something like Star Wars, the Old Republic, a failure.
But they certainly had to shift their thinking with what they wanted that game
to be versus, you know, what they had originally intended.
I mean, in some ways, the same thing's happening with The Elder Scrolls Online.
And looks like Wildstar two is going the same way.
Is it really? Wow.
So, see, I mean, that's very few.
That means who's charging a sub these days?
If you're not Square Enix or Blizzard.
I don't think you are anymore.
Like, is anybody charging a sub?
Wildstar still technically is.
Right, but outside that, it's very few and far between.
So what do you think from the fantasy 14 spin so popular?
Do you think it's because of 11 being so good or?
Well, the interesting thing is that 14 and 11 really don't play similar at all.
They're very, very different because 11 is EverQuest inspired
and 14 is more World of Warcraft inspired.
But, you know, it's no secret.
And especially if you listen to my other show, Horde House,
I'm a huge fan of Final Fantasy 14.
And I think for me, 14 is just the right mix and it's the right time.
You know, 1.0 was a disaster.
But putting all that aside,
because they essentially said mulligan do over this realm reborn is the 14
we're really doing.
And if you kind of treat it as a new game, you really look at it and it's like,
gosh, it's a lot of that class design I really liked in 11 mixed with the fast
pace and the grouping style and the play style and what you do with World of
Warcraft and one thing that they've done so well with Final Fantasy 14.
And I almost single handedly credit Yoshi P with this.
The producer is that
everything that Blizzard has talked about with small, more frequent patches,
Square Enix has actually done with Final Fantasy 14.
And, you know, they have consistently and people said, oh, sure, they will.
Every three to four months. Sure, they will.
But guess what?
Yoshi P showed up and said, here's the receipts.
And every three to four months there's been a big new patch with a new primal
fight or the gold saucer shows up or, you know, a new a new job.
They freaking put in Rogue Ninja.
They patched in a job.
That's an also overlooking the story.
The story is a huge draw to like at the end without spoilers for people who play
and aren't there yet, there's like two 40 minute or so cut scenes.
They're great. They're so good.
Yeah.
But anyway, so, yeah, just just a little bit of a tangent there.
But I just and admittedly, I'm a little
biased because 14 is the MMO that I've sunk a lot of time into right now.
But I think I just feel like when I when I logged into World of Warcraft and I know
that Wow still has lots of fans and very rabid and it's still a great community.
But I found when I was logging into World of Warcraft, it was like, all right,
I'm going to check my garrison and I don't know what to do now.
When I log into Final Fantasy 14, it's like
there's so much more I feel like I need to accomplish in that game.
Plus, it's also been like 10 years since World of Warcraft release, right?
So, yes, I think Final Fantasy 14 is really spruced up.
It has great graphics and I really enjoyed the music of that game, too.
It's an all around package that people love.
Dude, with that game, I think.
Soken, the music I have, 14, Soken, he is
he is becoming the successor to Uematsu.
I like they're really he's in that position and they've really kind of groomed him
and he's really showing off that success, like everything.
Not that Uematsu can ever be replaced,
but, you know, he's moved on to other things.
I think Soken has done an outstanding job.
The music is so good.
Anyway, I do want to provide a counterpoint,
you know, because every gamer has a voice and Bobby Blackwolf is in our chat room.
And I know he's been playing a lot of Final Fantasy 14, but he says, yeah,
but then if you don't complete those patches, don't bother buying the expansion frown.
And I have to say, I think that is a misstep on Square Enix's part where they
because they said, like, you're not going to be able to do heaven's word content.
If you didn't beat Realm Reborn.
And I'm kind of like, seriously, I winced a bit, but I didn't know about that.
Yeah, it's true.
But now you can go through all that content pretty fast.
It just depends on where you stop.
I think I need to hear a little bit more
from Square on how do they plan to really accelerate people through the 2.0 content.
Here's my thought.
They said that some of the duties won't require full parties anymore.
So you can go with a smaller group.
Like one of the dungeons we ran a few weeks ago, we lost the healer right away.
It was a little 50 dungeon, you know, high level.
And we still lost it before the first boss fight.
We just went through it. Didn't matter.
We didn't need the healer. We still beat it.
No problem. Nobody died.
My thought is, too, that maybe they could save a little face if they're like, okay,
yes, you still have to beat the 2.0 story content in order to access 3.0.
But think of it this way, because now that the level cap has been
raised, you're going to get experience as you go through that storyline.
So it's going to actually put you ahead of the game.
They already said that. Did they?
Yeah, good. The experience.
That's a good way to say the only thing
that is gated is actually starting the new content in Heavensward.
You can still make an Aurora.
You can still gain experience right away, right?
But you can't go get the new jobs because
they're in Ishgard and you can't continue the story.
You could sort of, I still feel like they should open up the jobs.
That's a tricky one, but I'll give them a pass because
Death Knight in World of Warcraft was gated as well.
Yeah, you had to have like a level 50 or so.
Yeah, I'll give them a little bit of a pass on that.
But I do wish they'd reconsider the new jobs because that I can see where,
and knowing Bobby specifically, like I know Bobby wants to play a machinist.
And I think I don't think, and Bobby, I'm sorry if I'm putting words in your mouth,
but my impression is that he's kind of done with the tanking thing.
He doesn't really like to tank because tanks are expected to kind of lead.
And if you're more of a casual player, it's, it's a tough position to be in.
But he's really interested in the idea of being a machinist.
So it's kind of like, well, now what does he do?
Because he doesn't really want to tank his way into Ishgard, but he
can't just roll a machinist.
That is where, yeah, you're true.
That's right.
Yeah, exactly.
So it's like, that's, that's when you, well, he's a warrior tank.
So that's when you take off Defiance, then you don't have the, then you just
act like a DPS and just run around and hit things.
That's where I'd like to see a bridge come in.
Anyway.
I'm so sorry.
Uh, Collin, just, we just derailed your entire thing.
We like talking about Final Fantasy 14 a lot.
Seriously, seriously, this is, and this is so funny.
Like if you hang out with like Shane and I, or even like Jamie, cause she's
playing too, or anybody that's playing, like, this is hanging out with us.
We talk about the game all day.
But with Jamie, we also, with Jamie, we'll be talking about it.
And then all of a sudden dragon age, but dragon age, but they
did something like that in dragon age.
I still need better armor.
No, no, we, you know what we can all agree on mass effect.
We talk about mass effect.
Because Garris, just wait, just wait.
Going to be a Pathfinder.
Just wait until E3 this year when the trailer for four comes out.
And the HD collection gets announced.
I completely understand if Loki suddenly calls in sick to OLR that night.
And we get, we don't have to sub in the week.
The mass effect four trailer comes out.
I don't fucking care.
Do you think that's going to come out this year or next year?
Next year?
Uh, I think it'll be a spring release.
Okay.
We'll see.
All right.
Well, Hey, it was great.
Thank you so much for calling and you definitely got the discussion going.
Thank you.
Thank you for getting me on the, on the podcast.
I'm really enjoying the podcast.
I've been listening for about a year, so keep going.
Well, thank you for your support.
I really appreciate it.
And we will keep going.
We've, we've been going for 13 years and we're not out of gas yet.
Thank you.
Have a good night.
All right.
Take care of my friend.
Bye bye.
I like that new call.
Yay.
That made, I was getting a little worried for the Skype segment there, but
exactly achievement unlocked.
Longtime listener.
First time caller.
All right.
Number one, cause there's like three sets you have to do.
All right.
And then you get a title at the end.
I am going to close up the Skype line cause it's about nine o'clock and it
wasn't super active there.
So, but if you didn't get through, guess what?
We have a mailbag that needs your love to participate at orange
laundry, not really, not really.
No, you can keep it short.
That's okay.
But dark soccer says, keep it to 140 characters or less.
Cause I got to read that shit.
No, that's fine.
I don't care.
All right.
Appreciate that.
All right.
Well, we're going to go around and get everybody's final thoughts since
Loki's out of last minute stories.
Hey, shame, buddy.
Thanks for being on the show tonight.
Enjoy having you here in your, in your sarcasm.
I wasn't that sarcastic.
You were actually very well behaved tonight.
Yes.
Well, it was cause I have all this rage over Konami.
So I'm just focusing it.
I really wanted to ask you some other questions too, cause you worked there
and everything, but then I was like, you know what, I don't even, I don't even
have to ask, we already know the answer to these questions.
Yeah.
Me and Flocko Jones had a discussion kind of like, like two weeks ago when, or no,
whenever I think the Kojima stuff first started happening and it was an
interesting conversation since we both worked there.
Let me ask this question.
And I completely understand if you want to say no comment, but I'm going to ask it.
Did you see it coming?
All right.
Believe it.
Yeah.
I gave you an out if you wanted to know.
All right.
Uh, Hey, uh, do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Shane?
I really want a Greninja amiibo.
Like that is all I want in life right now is a Greninja amiibo.
We'll find a way to get you one that doesn't involve staying
up till three in the morning.
I'm thinking still there.
My hero's power isn't over yet.
It's like, you have that inner struggle and you let me know.
Okay.
All right.
Before I go around, the struggle is real.
This struggle is real.
Uh, Hey, before I go around and get all our hosts final thoughts tonight, I do
want to thank you guys for listening and downloading the show.
Uh, thank you for supporting independent podcasting and
supporting orange launch radio.
If you like what you heard, please tell a friend about the show.
Help spread the word.
Cause that's all we have.
Word of mouth is all we got.
We don't have a big cider TV thing back in us.
So, uh, or celebrity.
So that's all we got is us and you guys are our OLR family.
Thank you guys so much for listening to show.
Please help spread the word.
Five star reviews on iTunes stitcher.
That goes a long way as well.
Next week on the program.
Uh, I can confirm because I've actually been emailing back and
forth with this guy during the show.
But, uh, next week on the program, it's finally happening.
I've been teasing it for a long time.
Kyle ward will be here live on next week's show to talk about his recent
release on Android Ditto beat.
Which just came out on Android is doing very, very well.
And, uh, re-rave plus is coming out very, very soon on Android as
you say dildo be no D Ditto beat.
Be respectful.
I was, I was clarifying it's because you see them.
Like I played this at PAX East and you see them like do the like
pattern or whatever.
It's like Parappa, right?
The master does it first.
No, I don't.
I'm not saying anything about Kyle ward.
I think his, some of his games are pretty good.
And he's a great composer and stuff, so I'm excited to have him on the show and
yeah, guys might have to ask him a thing or two about some of his past work.
So we'll see.
We'll see what we can do.
So I'd be here live next week.
Kyle ward will be here alive during orange lounge radio via the telephone.
So there you go.
Uh, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts tonight.
Uh, Loki, your final thought tonight.
I'm trying to shop on eBay for computer parts.
It's still too expensive.
I think.
Talk to Alan.
He's very good at that stuff.
Just saying, I'm pretty good at it too.
I mean, it's, it's a really expensive trying to take a computer.
It's going to be about $1,300 and to shrink that down to about 400 less than that.
All right.
Keep, keep trying to keep your, I built mine for a thousand and it worked out
pretty well.
And you don't need a computer case.
Just get a cardboard box.
Dan and I, Dan and I built two computers for under a thousand, but we already had
our graphics cards and power supplies.
So, all right.
Well, I needed the high, high, high end.
Also, you'll get there.
You'll get there.
Uh, good luck with the Oculus rift arriving this week and everything you're
doing for your game.
Does this mean I'm going to try running it on my computer on this laptop?
It's going to be like, but I'll do it anyway.
So does that mean it's time to car might come out for Oculus rift?
I don't see why it would, but I mean, sure.
I, we could do something with that.
I guess I, I actually, I was thinking on the way here, what I would do for like a
game for the Oculus rift, because I want to develop something for that eventually.
But, um, I'm not sure yet why I'm going to do that because the next few games
that I have, you know, concepts for that wouldn't really work yet.
All right.
I'll think of some.
All right.
Stay on that.
Uh, my final thought tonight is I never did get that second taco and I'm eyeing
the talk.
I need my second taco.
So I'm going to be going to get that very shortly.
As soon as the credits roll here, last but not least, Dar soccer, your final
thought tonight, you know, old Navy is like the Taylor Swift of the clothing
world.
That's it.
That's it.
Let's just leave you with that thought.
All right.
Thank you guys so much for downloading the show this week and listening.
We will see you in seven days to do it all over again.
Have a wonderful week, everybody.
Good night.
See you next week.
Bye.
