Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight we interview Max, Philip, and Jeffrey of Cooking with Unity, a web series of YouTube videos that teaches you how to create video games using Unity step by step in detail. We'll take your questions live and chat along with your comments, calls, and emails right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, live with this, our 579th episode, December the 14th, 2014, live as we are every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern-ish, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
My name is Rob Roberts, here with you to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with my co-hosts. Say hello first off to the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Maybe I should just go by Madame Spanky, I don't know.
You do have a very hoarse voice tonight, I don't mean like a...
What happened? Are you okay?
I had the plague.
Oh, I thought maybe you went to a New Kids on the Block concert and were screaming really loud or something.
No, everyone at Locat has had the plague and I starved it off for a solid two to three weeks and then it finally got me and then when it got me, it really freaking got me.
Well, as long as you don't give it to us here in the studio.
You know, that's so rude. You should be like, oh, I hope you feel better and then go take some vitamins. I'm kidding.
People always say that and I'm just always like, you know what, maybe it just always strikes me as a little bit odd.
Because all I've been hearing is, don't get me sick, don't get me sick. I'm like, don't you want me to feel better?
Of course we want you to feel better, but you know...
I'm not getting you sick.
I mean, either you're going to feel better or you're going to die. There's no like...
I don't know, death might sometimes make you feel better. No, I'm kidding.
Kidding, kidding, kidding.
But it turned into an upper respiratory infection, so...
Yikes.
Yeah, I took codeine today.
Well, you know what'll fix you right up is some coffee. That's what you need.
I'm drinking some, but I can't taste it.
Well, good luck, but...
It tastes vaguely like coldies.
If we hear a little less from you tonight, this is why, because you're obviously...
Even when you walked in here, you were sign languaging me, basically.
Or that, or you just really wanted to flip me off for something I did. I don't know.
No.
All right. And they're even asking in chat there, does Jamie need to be turned up a little bit?
Probably, but she's just also a little... She's just quiet, because...
I could try talking like this.
Hey, what's up, bitches?
You're fine. Your audio's fine. You're just a little... You're a little weak tonight.
Well, he's not weak tonight. He's here, strongest ever. Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
I eat too much too fast, I think.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
I hope you don't get the other kind of sick.
No, no, no, no. I skipped lunch today, because I was working on the show, rolling stuff,
and then I was just tired and I was gonna take a nap because of the kids.
And so I didn't bother to get up from the couch to make lunch.
And so then I just got the bacon ultimate cheeseburger. I know, a very light meal.
And then I just ate that really fast, and I'm like, oh, wow. I'm really full now.
Oh, that hurt. That hurt.
A power meal to get you through the show.
I'm just uncomfortably full, but that's all right.
All right.
Let's see, going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com if you want to participate with our show,
because, again, we tape live on Sunday nights at vognetwork.com.
You can join us in the chat, live.vognetwork.com.
Black Wolf, Bobby Black Wolf, our pal who's on before us, saying,
Jamie channeling her inner Travis Donovan with that what's up, bitches.
Our good pal from under Sedation Live, which is Saturdays here.
So there you go.
Let's see, DarkSakura, you wonder. I just have to say this comment because you're talking about this.
I wonder if I should try making a webcomic in Unity.
Well, why not? Maybe you should.
I want to do it dating sim style, you know, with image, image, image,
because I love Homestuck, how it's got all the animations and whatnot,
but I hate how all the text is at the bottom.
You have to scroll through 50 million piles of, you know, stuff.
Well, if you make it, you can put it at the top.
They do have, I have seen in the assets store,
they did have something for, like, dating sim style game,
like a system already built out, you know, for that.
So, but I've had the idea of doing it that way for a little bit, so.
Well, let's talk about why our chatters are talking about Unity tonight,
because we do have some special guests coming on the show in about 45 minutes here.
Loki, I'm going to have you talk about these guys,
because this is actually a show that you've referenced quite a bit
in the making of your own game that you're trying to make right now,
amongst, you know, New Job, amongst Raising Kids,
amongst Ultimate Bacon Cheeseburger.
Yes. So, yeah, so I don't even remember how I came across them.
I'm sure probably just looking up information about Unity on YouTube
and stuff like that, just kind of trying to learn wherever.
And I found the show, and it was just very informative, very entertaining.
You know, that's incredibly important, and it's just fun to listen to.
Like, even, you know, while I'm working on my stuff and programming stuff,
I just love listening to them, and just...
Does this show have a name?
Yes, I'm getting there. Hold on.
Oh, sorry, you're building anticipation.
So, anyway, so, yes, well, the show is Cooking with Unity,
and hosted by Maximilien Moreau,
and, of course, he has Jeffrey and Phil on the show as well.
Occasionally, sometimes they're there, sometimes they're not.
But they do a show twice weekly, or originally it was twice weekly,
on Monday, and then also on Thursdays.
Thursdays tends to be, like, a 2D episode.
So they'll do, for example, two different games kind of at the same time.
So, one, I think they were working on, like, was it last week?
It was, like, a rail shooter.
So kind of like House of the Dead, I guess, if you want to,
you know, something like that, for the 3D show.
And then on the 2D show, they're working on a project called Fight Go Right,
which is kind of like a beat-em-up, you know, 2D arcade game,
like Ninja Turtles or, you know, the Simpsons arcade, or Final Fight,
or something like that.
And so, kind of the two different styles in there.
Plus, now Max has been doing a show in the mornings called, you know,
Breakfast with Unity, which actually started off about,
it'd be like 10 to 15 minute shows.
I've been noticing they've been getting longer and longer,
which is cool, because he goes over kind of quick little tips on-
That's okay, when the Orange Launch Radio podcast started,
it was supposed to be 45 minutes.
And now-
Oops.
But yes, absolutely entertaining.
What's kind of cool though is they interact with the people that are listening
or watching the show live, and so you can ask questions about things,
you can make suggestions on stuff,
and it's just kind of nice to have that live feedback, you know.
And also, you know, he invites everyone on every show, you know,
hey, if you have a question about something,
or you just, you know, need some help on something,
just send me an email and, you know, I'll help you out.
And it's really nice.
And I love their attitude, you know, I can't profess to know as much about Unity,
I'm not as into, quote unquote, the programming side,
but I love that these guys, at the end of their videos,
they talk about, you know, in their descriptions too,
they say, you know, go download Unity and make a game.
You know, that's very much kind of like their message,
is that more people should, you know, basically be making games.
And I love that, because that's kind of the type of thing
I've always said about podcasting,
because I've had people come to me and say,
well, Rob, I want to start my own video game podcast,
but I don't want you to be mad or see me as competition,
because I know you've got a video game podcast.
I'm like, it's not, no, no, no, it's not like that.
I want you to make your, that's like the ultimate compliment
if somebody goes and creates their own podcast.
We need more indie voices out there.
Go forth and podcast, please.
That's a great thing.
So I love that they bring that kind of message to games.
We need more people making games.
I love that.
And I haven't caught up on all the back videos I missed,
because I came into it a little bit late, but...
There's a lot. I had no idea where to begin.
Yeah, they've got like a couple series,
highly recommend that they've done.
One recently, which I just think is fantastic,
and I'm probably going to go look at it a bunch
when I'm actually getting to publishing,
but it's from scratch to publish,
where they literally make a game,
and I even have it on my phone, you know, it's fun,
because my phone actually tries to play it on its own sometimes,
because it's possessed.
But they start, and they make a game from scratch,
and he goes through all the steps to even getting it published
on iOS, on the Android store.
I noticed that.
Windows store, yeah.
It got into a lot of like, not just here's how you program,
but here's how, you know, all that other stuff
that sometimes a programmer doesn't want to have to get involved with,
but you do.
Yeah, so it was very informative,
and then he's got like some other series.
He did one which was like a Star Fox style game.
I think I saw one, a pinball in there.
One that I looked at, because it was short,
and it was their little featured video on their page,
was the one where they made the game in three minutes.
It was kind of like the reverse kaboom,
where you don't try to catch the bombs, you try to avoid them.
Instead, it was such a like,
it kind of gets back into what we were talking about, you know,
and it's kind of been almost a running theme on this show
over the past month ever since YYR unveiled pixel sheds here on,
yes, that was the game he made,
and I think he did that in Unity, right?
I don't know if he's used their videos,
but he used Unity to make that very Atari 2600 game,
and we've talked about how sometimes it's just the idea.
Like, you don't necessarily need all these like gung-ho
Final Fantasy-esque graphics,
although that's a nice thing for games to have.
You don't necessarily need that.
So, I mean, this game that they did in three minutes,
and they're like, time me, and the whole thing,
was a stupidly simple concept.
I mean that in a complimentary way
that was executed quickly and easily,
so it was really cool,
and it just kind of went to show like,
oh yeah, you really can do this if you're just willing to,
you know, put a little time in learning it.
So, they will be on the show 45 minutes, give or take.
We'll have them on the show,
and you can ask your questions live,
if you happen to be listening,
over at live.vognetwork.com.
Before we get there, though,
to the Cooking with Unity guys,
which, quick plug for their site, of course,
if you want to look at their videos,
you know, when you're done with the show, of course,
cookingwithunity.com just takes you right to their YouTube page.
Yeah, they also have a Patreon,
and also, I believe, YouTube slash pushypixels
is their channel, I want to say.
Alright, we'll let them plug all their stuff they want to plug.
They got Twitters and all that stuff.
We'll get that a little later on,
but let's get into, we got to talk about video gaming,
and what's been going on,
because this week was a little less crazy than last week.
Obviously, last week was a very atypical week
for a December news pattern with the PlayStation experience going on
and the game awards happening.
We had a lot of news come in last week,
so things have started to slow down a little bit this week,
but there's still quite a bit going on,
and so I want to talk about this big one to start,
because this is something that's outside of even just gaming.
This is something that has started with something you've heard about
on the nightly news.
You've heard about it everywhere,
and that is about the hack that took place of Sony Pictures.
The two are not tied together, Sony Pictures and PlayStation,
other than the obvious partnership,
because at the end of the day, it's the same parent company,
so a lot of the stuff they pitch to you on the PlayStation Network
are movies made by Sony Pictures, right?
But that's, I mean, just because Sony Pictures got hacked,
it didn't really affect the PlayStation side of things at all,
but certainly this is the second time in less than five years
that Sony has had to deal with a major, major hacking issue,
and there's been a lot of stuff exposed because of this hack,
and some of that has to do with very tabloid sorts of stuff,
like what did this director say in this confidential email
about Angelina Jolie and so forth,
but it's also been very interesting into how Hollywood really works,
and it's really been eye-opening for a lot of people,
not always in a positive way.
And certainly there's an ethical debate to be had about that,
about should we be analyzing all this stuff that came out of a hack,
but I don't really want to have that debate today
because I can't really talk about should it or should it not have happened.
It did happen, and now all this stuff is out there for us to sort of analyze,
and us turning our back to it and saying,
La-la-la, it didn't happen is not going to necessarily make it go away, right?
So that all being said, one of the big things that's catching a lot of gamers' attention
is this talk of is Sony about to make a Super Mario Bros. movie,
and how the fuck does that even work when Super Mario Bros. is a Nintendo thing?
Nintendo has said we're never doing a movie again
because that John Leguizamo Bob Hoskins movie was so bad,
Dennis Hopper, right, in that too.
It was so, so bad we're never doing a movie again.
How does it even work when Nintendo teams up with their quote-unquote enemy to make a movie?
Now quickly, if you haven't heard about this,
some of the information that came out of the Sony Pictures hack
were some emails that went back and forth between producer Avi Arad
to Sony studio chief Amy Pascal.
And in the emails, which were dated, like this is recent.
This is not like, this is a project that happened four years ago that got shelved,
this email was from October 23rd.
And the producer said, I am the proud father of Mario the Animated Film.
And he sent pictures with Shigeru Miyamoto, Satoru Iwata,
and one of them actually said, happy CEO, let's get together, it's the mother lode.
So essentially this producer went over to Japan, had a meeting with the Nintendo higher-ups,
and apparently, and we were having to kind of read between the lines a little bit,
you know, again, consider that this information, we're not supposed to know.
We are not supposed to know this, but it got out.
So take it with a huge grain of salt.
But apparently what happened, the Sony producer went over there,
or the producer went over there and pitched the movie.
It's supposed to be an animated film.
Yeah, I was going to say, I could see that as an animated film.
Which also makes a little more sense as to why Nintendo might be on board,
because it wouldn't necessarily be like a live action thing.
Nintendo has been experimenting a little bit with the animated film.
They had the Pikmin movies that showed up at that Japanese film festival
that Miyamoto actually was a big part of.
So certainly Nintendo's dipping their toe in the water of these animated films.
But I'm sure a lot of people are asking, well, why Sony?
But, well, why not Sony?
Because they're a motion picture studio.
They've got, you know, an animation studio.
Nintendo doesn't have an animation studio.
I mean, so your choices are, I think, I mean, I don't know if they're limited,
but if you're looking at really big animation studios,
I mean, you've got Pixar and Sony Pictures Animation, DreamWorks Animation,
and there's a lot of other smaller ones out there.
But, I mean, it makes sense.
I mean, look at, and also kind of look at how they treated their properties.
You know, Sony, I mean, they've got a Ratchet and Clank movie coming out
that looks pretty awesome.
And I don't know about the, what was it, the other PlayStation 3 title
that they made an animated movie, whatever.
That one wasn't that great,
but the source of material wasn't that great to begin with either.
Let me jump in here in the chat room
because a lot of people saying this in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com,
and Rama starting us off saying,
Sony Pictures is technically different from SCEI,
so it's plausible for this to happen.
And, yeah, I think that's the important thing is that even though at the end of the day
you have Sony, and then these are different divisions of Sony,
that agreement that Nintendo may or may not have with Sony Pictures
doesn't necessarily have to carry over into PlayStation.
Like, and I'm sure that is very explicitly stated in the contract.
This does not mean that Mario's going to show up on the PlayStation,
so get those fanboy images out of your head.
You're not going to have Super Mario the Game,
or Super Mario the Movie the Game.
What was it called when they did it with Street Fighter II?
The movie was, the game was so bad.
It was Street Fighter the Movie the Game.
Street Fighter the Movie the Game.
You're not going to have Super Mario Brothers the Movie the Game
show up on the PlayStation 4.
That's not going to happen.
And I bet Nintendo has that all very clamped.
There would be no, and Nintendo probably has 100% control over the merchandise
because merchandising is something Nintendo really wants to get into now,
probably especially after what's going on with all this amiibo crap that we get in later.
I got to say it.
Merchandising.
Right?
So I'm sure the agreement is very much this is about a movie and only a movie.
And, you know, but as they say in the email, it's the mother lode.
I mean, an animated Super Mario Brothers movie,
I mean, there's an instant audience for that.
You don't even need to see a trailer for it.
You really don't.
Heavenly Sword was the title I was thinking of,
because they did a direct-to-video animated movie and it was just crap,
but Heavenly Sword wasn't that great to begin with.
Yeah.
Directed to you in chat saying,
who was behind Final Fantasy The Spirits Within?
Was that Sony?
That was Sony.
Yeah, but Square Pictures was a part of that.
That was a division that Square created and faded away real quick.
A company that I wish would really do more stuff,
because it wasn't bad.
It was just not Final Fantasy.
It's just they kind of it's as much Final Fantasy as was like,
I don't know, the Castlevania game.
Honestly, there was a lot in that movie that was kind of ahead of its time,
but we digress here a little bit.
So what do you guys think when you hear about a Super Mario Brothers animated movie?
Do you think this is something that should happen,
or let's stop with these video games?
Video games should be video games.
Movies should be movies.
When they cross over, it rarely does well.
No, no, I think it's fine.
I mean, especially if it's animated.
That'd be fine, because it's when you do the live-action stuff
that doesn't really make any sense.
Look at how many Pokémon movies have we had.
I mean, seriously, it's based off a game, so there's no problems there.
I don't see why this would be a problem.
Animal Crossing movie, I don't know.
I didn't see it, but I heard it wasn't bad.
My biggest concern about a Mario movie would be the voice of Mario
would be so, so important, because Mario, I mean, Mario has a very distinctive voice.
Obviously, Charles Martin.
Of course, it's going to be still him in the movie.
But Charles Martinet never says anything besides the wahoo, yahoo, and all those voices.
Mario doesn't really have...
He'll just get Troy Baker to do it.
He does everybody, so that's fine. He can do it.
But I can imagine that Charles Martinet is going to be asked to voice the entire movie.
With all due respect to the fantabulous man that Charles Martinet is,
I would just think that Sony would probably want to barter for some name-recognizable talent
as painful as that is for a lot of you guys to hear.
That's the reality of the harsh business in Hollywood.
Look at some of those other emails about Andrew Garfield and Spider-Man for what I'm talking about.
I think it'll be fine.
Just like, you know, there are people that can do the Mario voice that aren't him.
Right, and I do think, well, Captain Lou, rest in peace, also pulled off an amazing Mario.
It was a different Mario, but it was an amazing, memorable Mario that was a big part of our childhood.
So to say that nobody else besides Charles Martinet can portray Mario would not exactly be right,
because Captain Lou had a different, but awesome Mario.
But that's where we get into the tricky thing, because if we bring in another talent,
then should it be different from the Mario we know in the games?
Here's the tricky thing is...
Then is it really based off the game?
Here's the tricky thing is when you bring in talent and they're better than the source material.
Perfect example.
Heath Ledger as the Joker.
No one's going to be able to compare to Jack Nicklaus' Joker.
He was fantastic, and then...
I mean, the guy that played golf.
Jack Nicholson.
Jack Nicholson, whatever, yes.
The golf guy was good, too.
But anyways, Jack Nicholson, you know, hey, I'm a fan of both, so that's fine.
So, you know, no one can compare to him.
Heath Ledger, that's a terrible casting.
And then they saw it and they're like, oh, never mind.
No one's going to be able to...
Now when, you know, the next, you know, was it the Batman Superman movie comes out, you know,
now it's like, I think there's going to be another Joker in there.
Or, I don't know, Suicide Squad.
Yeah, the new Joker's in Suicide Squad, and that, I mean, not to digress into a movie podcast,
but I mean, they're lining up some huge talent for that movie.
They're talking about Will Smith in that movie.
And I don't know if it's fan wank or whatever, but there's been talk about Oprah playing Amanda...
What's... Jamie, who's the head of the Suicide Squad?
Well, it's DC. I mean, who's the head of the Suicide Squad? Amanda?
This is why I give you this flat look, like, the fuck do I read DC? No.
Okay, well they're talking about putting Oprah Winfrey in the damn movie, and I'm like,
is she really going to be... But then the comic book movies are huge.
Oprah was in The Color Purple.
Yeah, I know, I know.
She was awesome in The Color Purple.
If there was going to be a real-life Suicide Squad run by, like, you know, a powerful woman,
then yes, Oprah I could see doing that.
But anyway, and then who's the...
What is the guy's name that got to play the Joker?
Jared Leto.
Who I think all the way back to... Wasn't he on My So-Called Life?
Wasn't that where he started?
I don't remember, but...
Or one of those, like, 90s shows or something.
And then he did the band. He had that band for a while, and now he's doing this.
And so he's going to be the Joker, and now you're right.
Everybody's going to inevitably compare him to...
Heath Ledger.
Heath Ledger.
Same with Batman. I mean, Batman, they've been doing that, you know, comparing...
It's true.
It's just, it's a different take on it, and honestly...
I don't know, I think...
Amanda Waller, thank you.
So that's why I'm not seeing if they come out with...
If he's going to have a different voice in the movie.
It's not a big deal.
I don't think it's going to...
As long as it works, I don't have a problem with it.
Yeah.
If it's really weird, then yeah, that's going to be...
Okay.
What other quick thought on this, and then we'll get into our gaming weeks.
This could be interesting.
I mean, who knows what's going to happen because of the hack now.
Mario may get cold feet and pull out of this all together, and the hack may have fucked this movie.
I mean, who knows?
No, I doubt it.
Movies end up in development hell all the time.
Just because this conversation happened doesn't mean the movie was ever, ever going to end up really being a thing.
But it does open this interesting door.
I mean, if Mario's going to end up being an animated thing, you know, every Friday on the Super Mario Brothers Super Show...
What did they have every Friday?
The Zelda cartoon.
Screw that show Monday through Thursday. It was all about Friday with no disrespect to Captain Lou.
But it really was all about Fridays and the Zelda cartoon.
And again, creating that very distinctive character that wasn't necessarily the same one from the games.
Excuse me, princess.
When has that ever been uttered in one of the games?
They really should reference that.
They really should, actually.
But anyway, you can see the point I'm getting to.
If a Nintendo Mario movie comes out, could Sony soon make a Zelda movie?
Is an animated Zelda movie the type of thing you guys would want to see?
Or do we need to see IGN's April Fools trailer from six years ago expanded into a full movie?
Both.
You want both.
Also, speaking of IGN, I would also like to see their series. What was it? The Hogwarts Detective series or whatever that they had?
Where it was like a cop drama set in the Harry Potter world. Yeah, I'd totally be down for that, too.
Alan Alchemy in our chat room confirming that Jared Little's big break was my so-called life.
Thank god I haven't forgot my 90s pop culture trivia. Phew.
I could still kick butt in a game of Trivial Pursuit.
Some various people in chat talking about Amanda Waller and the different portrayals.
We have Brad from Pod Culture coming right out and saying, fuck the new 52.
So, not always popular, the reboot there.
So anyway, and Akuma JP singing along.
Friday, Friday, gotta get down.
No. Stop.
You know what? She did a sequel song called Saturday and it was actually kind of good.
She milked that 15 minutes of fame.
Well, the Saturday one is totally just making fun of Friday, but it was pretty funny.
Back to the movie chat. We get on tangents sometimes on the show. Back to the movie chat.
What you don't say?
Dark Sakura, Mario animated movies, is that something you'd be down for?
I think the Robitussin face that I just made sort of applies to that, too.
So no, that was a very much do not want or it's nope o'clock face.
It might be good for me, but I don't really want it.
I'd be down with a Mario movie as long as it's set in like the Super Mario RPG universe,
because they had some pretty awesome characters for that.
All right.
I do kind of miss the old Super Show cartoon, because that was fun.
Actually, the ones I liked were the Saturday morning ones that was set in the Mario world.
Oh yeah, the later ones, right?
Yeah, those were good. Those were good. I like those.
All right, well, we will maybe see what comes of this, because my other big question,
would it be traditional cell animation like the old cartoons,
or would it be like that more modern CGI, Viva Pinata looking thing?
Well, I was actually going to say if they did a Zelda one,
it would have to be a bit more serious and not the 80s cartoon style.
Right. Viva Pinata. There's a franchise that Microsoft really wanted to force down our throats
into becoming popular. It just didn't happen.
I'd like to see something the way that you know how Street Fighter IV is done,
with that sort of 3D yet 2D-esque.
Kind of that jump out at you animation?
Right, where it's got the appearance of cell shading, but not quite.
A comic book in motion.
Yeah.
That's kind of what that looks like to me.
Or like Borderlands.
Yeah.
So, was it a cartoon shading with an outline?
Super Smash Brothers on the 3DS, basically.
I just think that it would lend itself well to Zelda.
All right.
If it was going to be an animated thing.
Some quick comments from chat to wrap this all up,
and then we'll get into our gaming weeks.
Because it is a show where every gamer has a voice,
and some of the voices in chat right now.
Raginator says,
Hell, I'll take any Zelda movie, live-action or animated, so long as it's good.
Rama saying a live-action Super Mario Brothers movie would be great,
provided it's his fantasy setting like Willow.
And some comments on Viva Pinata.
YYR saying Viva Pinata was actually a pretty good game.
Magma Lemur. I don't think I've seen that before.
Magma Lemur.
Magma Lemur, sorry.
Saying Viva Pinata was a fine game.
And if I remember correctly,
I want to say it's one of the free games of gold games that's coming up pretty soon.
I think it was a while ago.
A while ago.
Oh yeah, because I didn't download it.
I'm like, Viva Pinata.
I played it when it came out.
All right.
We're going to get into our gaming weeks.
We've got plenty more news to get to,
but let's talk about our gaming weeks first
and the types of video games that we have been playing this week
to help you establish, like where's our head at
when we're talking about all these games this week?
What games have been filling our brains this week?
Dark Soccer, I'll start with you.
I've been playing a lot of Dragon Age.
Oh yes.
A lot.
A lot.
I hit 40 hours on my starting my second playthrough.
And she's still in the Hinterlands.
No, I'm not.
Actually, I keep going back to the Hinterlands whenever I need elf root.
Although I did find, of all places,
a really good place to get elf root and blood lotus
in the western approach in the desert.
Why 40 hours?
What has grabbed you about this game for 40 hours?
I'm just running around doing shit.
Really.
I'm MMOing it.
It keeps you a busy bee?
I'm MMOing the lawn.
So Dragon Age, I almost want to say Dragon Age Origins,
but Dragon Age Inquisition is like an MMO without the other people.
Exactly.
That makes it perfect.
I'm serious.
Because then I can just have, because I run it through Steam so I can screen shot it.
After this playthrough though, I'm going to go in and set up the cinematic tools.
So I can go in and take pretty screen caps and whatnot.
But I've been doing this odd thing where because I've been delirious on coding for the last couple of days,
I've been creating my own dialogue in my head.
So now my Inquisitor is just this utter airhead who's like, everyone's like,
we're dying, we're being killed.
She's like, look, I found blood lotus.
Help me gather.
But the quillbacks, blood lotus.
Is that like when Alan and I watch the nightly news and we mute it
and then we just talk instead of the anchors when they're saying to each other?
That sounds awesome.
We're really good at that game, by the way.
I've actually just been tempted to make a stupid video.
I've been tempted to make a stupid Tumblr just for the weird dialogue
that goes on in my head during that game.
I've already started putting some on my regular Tumblr and I'm like, I can't.
I don't know.
D-A-I-M-H. Dragon Age in my head.
Well, actually a few someones have said, are you going to do Dragon LoL?
Like you do LoL Effect?
And I'm like, fuck no.
Do you know how long it takes me just to think of something for Mass Effect?
Haven't you talked about, you were mentioning to me the other day,
you were trying to do some broadcasting with it, but it was kind of bumpy.
No, no, no. I wasn't trying to do broadcasting.
Raginator kept wanting to watch me play.
Oh.
And it worked fine a couple of times, but every other time it's like,
freeze the game and it would eventually unfreeze and I could save this last time.
Here I was freshly on a dose of Coding Cough syrup
and when I am on opiates, I will switch from moods like you will not believe.
And I was like, I can't, I can't, I got to turn off the game.
It better save. My last save corrupted. What am I going to do?
And then it worked.
And then I ended up playing like another fucking 15 minutes.
That's probably the whole conflict between the fact that Dragon Age is not really a Steam game
because it's all on Origin.
And then I was like, but wait, I play this game so I don't have to play with other people.
I don't want anyone to watch. Watch me run around in circles.
Well, turn off the broadcasting then.
Well, no, I'm gonna, I'm just going to deny him in the future.
But like half the thing that I do is like, can I jump up on this cliff?
I found half the shit I found by trying to climb rocks.
I just keep, I keep my broadcast channel open all the time.
I don't care. I still try to do that.
If somebody wants to watch me stream when I'm playing, then that's fine.
I am not an exhibitionist like you, Rob.
Well, but I always say, don't expect me to entertain you.
Like if I do a Twitch stream, then I'm going to be on cam and make witty commentary.
But if you're going to tap in and watch me playing something on Steam,
that's what you're going to see is me playing something on Steam.
I'm not, you know, I'm usually trying to relax and do that.
But at any rate, my big thing lately is I'm just really running around and exploring.
You know, I want to, I'm actually customizing my castle right now, which is like,
oh, we've got this big guy out of here with red shit growing out of his face.
We got to stop him or he's going to destroy the world.
And I'm like, blood Lotus.
All hail Skyhold. It is the best castle ever.
I will decorate it with all the things.
Can you quickly tell us about that funny thing we were talking about on Steam chat the other day,
the staff of sad or whatever it was called.
The sad weapon.
Whoa.
I have, I have slayed dark soccer with this sad weapon.
It's like Mark something mace.
It's a banana nailed to a stick.
You find a schematic for it and it requires three sad splinters to make it.
It is a banana nailed to a stick.
So I've decided that maybe if, if, you know,
when a gamer X happens this next year,
I'm actually thinking about doing some kind of dwarf cosplay because I'm short and you know,
buxom and I have decided that if I cosplay a dwarf,
she's going to carry around the sad weapon.
Nice.
The banana on a stick.
The question is who will get it.
But I bet that there'll be a lot of people probably that actually get that.
So I also have a slight regret and that's putting a Varick in the scout meal
because he needs to show off his, his carpeted chest,
his carpeted dwarven chest.
All right.
Manly chest hairs.
All right.
I played other shit.
Okay.
Well God, you could talk for three hours just about dragon age.
Clearly I played some final fantasy today so that I wouldn't get kicked out.
14.
Right?
Yes.
So I wouldn't get kicked out.
And um, I've played some flux.
Okay.
And I have an odd addiction to a game called Moonlight Mahjong.
Makes me feel like I'm 70 years old, but I fucking love that game.
I have no idea why, but whenever I just need something mindless to do, it's Moonlight Mahjong.
That's it.
Awesome.
All right.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
I just, my son has been playing a ton of Lego Marvel superheroes, so I had to play the game too.
So I finished the game, at least the story portion of it.
And I'm still trying to, I guess trying to platinum it.
But the thing is, now that I've been playing it more, I'm starting to notice all the bugs.
And um, yeah, it's, first off, okay, I had to reinstall the game because it crashed,
it would crash like all the time and it was really annoying.
So I finally reinstalled it and that seems to fix that part.
But now I'm getting weird glitch issues where, you know, I'll play as a character or something.
And like I had one the other day where I couldn't control the character very well.
Like it would only go in one direction and not the other directions.
And end up having to kill him with another character in order to get control of him again.
But um, what else?
Oh, and then for some reason, they have like these racing segments you have to do in the game.
And the flying controls aren't very good, so you either go slow or you go super fast and can't control it.
And you know, trying to go a little bit faster or just kind of control things, it just goes out of control very often.
And the racing, they have racing controls.
So your driving controls are just, you know, gas break and left right and that's steers.
Okay, well that's how it is for the cars.
But then they have these little RC car type things where they're like,
Hey, you know what, let's just fucking change the steering control altogether.
Let's just have it gas break and then you have to push in the direction that you want to go.
So like if I want to turn and I'm going to the left, I have to push down, which makes no fucking sense.
And so I was getting super frustrated with it because I'm trying to go, it's literally like just an oval track that happens to be on a roof.
But the car just veers off the edge and just flies into the ground.
I'm like, fuck this, I don't want that stupid car that this thing unlocks.
Anyways, but I can't get platinum in the game if I don't finish it and it's really annoying.
But it's fun. I have been unlocking some characters, you know, my son's now a fan of the song that plays.
Well, in the credits and also in the home screen for the game, which is the Mary Marvel marching song or something like that.
It's basically, I think, the Stanley's fan club's official song or something. So he's like really into that.
And then he's been enjoying playing Loki because now I have Loki unlocked. So it's fun.
And then I finally figured out how to customize my character.
So I have a character with Thor's hammer and Loki's helmet and a goatee and stuff.
That sounds awesome that you've been able to be doing a lot of gaming with your kid.
Yeah, he's been very obsessed with it though. Like he gets mad if you have to turn the game off.
So yeah, we're working on that. But yeah, he can actually play it now.
I'm just trying to get him to be able to do it without me having to help him.
Switching characters is what he has trouble with usually.
Alright. My gaming week, if you're all done.
I am.
My gaming week, not a lot of new stuff to talk to you guys about.
I've been playing a lot of the same stuff, you know, because not a lot of new stuff's come out.
I've continued to play Final Fantasy XIV, which I decided to level a gladiator who's now a paladin for no particular reason.
But Alan made my little female lala, I play a little female lala, an entire set of all-pink armor.
So I look adorable. So that's kind of one thing I've been doing in Final Fantasy XIV.
I played Geometry Wars 3 earlier this week.
And I actually played over SharePlay because Extifer saw me playing and he's like,
I don't know much about that game, but I really like twin-stick shooters because he's really into super stardust.
So Extifer, if you listen to my other show, Hoard House, you know Extifer.
He was like, can we do the SharePlay thing?
And I was like, sure.
So we hopped on SharePlay and then I realized, oh, he doesn't just have to watch me.
Geometry Wars has that whole co-op built in.
And it has the, you can play online mode, but then there's also the couch co-op.
But thanks to SharePlay, you don't really need the couch.
You can have the virtual couch.
So we actually played a little bit of that and it actually ran.
You would think there'd be a lot of lag, especially in a shooter.
It ran really well and Extifer was able to hold his own pretty good on Geometry Wars over SharePlay.
So thumbs up to that SharePlay technology because it's really unlocking new uses in these games.
So being able to play Geometry Wars on the big virtual couch was a really awesome thing.
So that was cool.
So more Geometry Wars 3.
And then one new but not really new thing that I've been playing a lot of this week,
and this might surprise some of you guys.
I've been playing a lot of Final Fantasy XIII on Steam.
As you guys probably know, Final Fantasy XIII came out on Steam a couple months ago
and a lot of people weren't happy with it because it had some really weird issues with the graphics.
Such as you could play in a window that was 720 pixels, that's it.
Or you could play it full screen, 720 pixels, that's it.
And there was just a lot of weird, crappy bugs with it.
Well, they released this week a graphic patch.
So now you can play in a window that's 720 pixels or you can play in a 1080 pixel window.
And they actually have the 1080p modes are kind of in this now.
And you can play a whole lot of custom resolutions full screen.
So I can play my native resolution full screen, which is what I've been doing.
And the game looks great.
Now not everything in the game is 1080p because like some of the pre-rendered movies and things like that,
like that is stuck at the way they were rendered.
They haven't really gone back and upped any of those things.
But I'll tell you what, maybe it's because my machine's a little newer.
I upgraded a lot of it this year.
But some parts of the game run smoother at like 60 frames a second,
like smoother than it does on the PlayStation 3.
And just the way a lot of the colors and things are kind of even more vibrant on a computer monitor
than they are necessarily on the TV while I'm playing on the PlayStation 3,
I can just sit there and just watch the beauty of this game really unfold.
And I know the game itself gets a lot of shit for some of its characters
and the fact that the first few hours of the game is press A to win type of thing.
But I think if you can get over that little hurdle, there's a really great story in there
that's a lot of fun to experience.
And I'm having fun kind of going back and experiencing it again
because this is really my second full proper playthrough.
And I'm noticing a bunch of shit this time that I didn't notice the first time,
such as characters that don't show up until partway through the game
are actually in the game early on if you look for them.
They're in the background or like in a side type of thing, but they're there.
So I'm kind of having fun looking at that.
So kudos to Square for putting out that patch that actually fixed the damn game.
Mostly, though, I do have one thing I've got to still complain about,
and that is that I was really thrown a fit on Twitter and IRL
because I got the graphic patch installed and I started running it,
and I'm like, why is it skipping?
And what would happen is that it would run 20 frames skip, 20 frames skip.
And it was this very noticeable skip.
It would be like, go, stop, go, stop, go, stop.
It was just really, really annoying. I can't play the game like that.
It's too distracting.
Well, I get really frustrated, and I'm like, God damn it.
Why don't they put out a fucking demo so I can see that this is a piece of shit port
before I start playing it, da da da da da da.
And Alan looks over my shoulder and he goes, oh, I have that same problem,
and that's happening because your Xbox controller isn't plugged in.
If you plug it in, it'll stop doing that.
And I'm like, really? And I plugged it in, and sure enough, it stopped doing that.
That doesn't make any fucking sense.
That doesn't make any fucking sense, but swear to God, that's what fixed it.
And I don't know, I don't think an Xbox controller is required,
so I don't know if it's because I used one previously.
It shouldn't still cause any frame skips if it's an Xbox controller's plugged in.
Yeah, so a lot of that stuff was annoying to say the least,
but if you can clear some of those technical issues, the game is really good.
Not that I can necessarily give Square a buy on a lot of these issues that are just like,
really? Really? It skips if the controller's not plugged in, really?
There's a lot of those little issues that it's hard to give Square a buy on,
but if you can get past them, I would argue that the Final Fantasy 13 PC port
may actually be better than the PS3 port.
And I'm really excited to get into 13.2 at some point,
even though I hear not all the DLC carried over because of licensing issues.
I'm really excited to beat 13 and then get into 13.2, which just released on Steam this past week.
So there you go. I've been spending a lot of time playing 13.
I do have my broadcast channel open, so if you happen to see me online, you can jump in.
And I used to with Steam, I used to only accept people on my friends list that I knew,
like IRLs I used to beat, but I'm not such a stickler anymore,
so for whatever reason I said no to your request before, just request again and I'll accept.
So that broadcasting stuff is actually working now on Steam?
Yeah, it's working. It's not as rich as, say, Twitch, but what I can do is I can say,
I have a little thing that is, you check the box, and if a friend right-clicks my name
and wants to watch my game, then they can. It'll just start streaming the game to them.
Yeah, and it'll show me in the corner a little, because Alan and I are playing this a little bit,
because I want to see what it'll look like. It'll show a little record light in the corner,
it'll say one viewer or two viewers, whatever, and then in the top left in a really tiny font,
if anybody says something in chat, it'll show.
So it kind of uses that Steam overlay a little bit to be able to pop the important broadcasting information in there.
But there's still no webcam, there's still a lot to be desired for,
maybe a broadcaster that really, really wants to go pro.
So do you have to turn that on, or is that just on by default?
You can turn it off.
Because I can imagine that would use a lot of bandwidth if...
No, you can disable it altogether if you want. Most people have it set to the way that Jamie has it set,
where somebody can request to watch your stream.
But I just open my... if you're on my friends list, you can just tap in and watch whatever I'm playing.
But I just say, when I do a Twitch broadcast, that is performing.
That is, I'm going to talk through the game, I'm going to give some explanations,
I'm going to tell you what I'm thinking, and all that stuff.
When I'm Steam broadcasting a game, that's just you peeking in my window looking at my TV.
You know, I'm not going to...
That's a little stalker-ish.
It is a little stalker-y, but it's not like it's a webcam in my home,
it's just Final Fantasy XIII, so it's not too big a deal.
Alright, well, in just a couple minutes, we're going to get to our interview here,
but I think we have time to squeeze in one story.
Oh, I've got to do housekeeping real quick.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R, of course, and if you want to follow us on Facebook, you can.
Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio, and we're also on Google.
Google.com slash plus OrangeLoungeRadio.
And we are on YouTube as well, OrangeLoungeRadio,
and old episodes of the show available on YouTube.
Since I know we're interviewing a YouTube channel tonight,
we may have some YouTube people that are listening or viewing or what have you tonight,
so we do have the YouTube, although the YouTube is just static pictures
over the show that Jason puts together.
We do not at this time have a camera in our studio because it's OrangeLoungeRadio,
and we're really not that excited.
If you want to see me in gym shorts bundled up in a Snuggie, then so be it,
but otherwise it's not that interesting to look at, I don't think.
And I still need a haircut, so yes.
All right, you can see I did some light remodeling in Studio N7,
that arcade cabinet that Loki was complaining about last week.
Last time.
We finally got it lifted and on and working.
It's been a lot of fun, actually.
I was playing BurgerTime on it earlier.
Nice.
That's all I ever wanted was a BurgerTime cabinet in my house.
All right, let's get into some news.
We'll do one story here, and then we'll get to our interview tonight.
Okay, so Amiibos have been selling pretty well.
That's good for Nintendo.
I mean, I guess everybody will be willing to buy anything that's in figure form nowadays.
But apparently they've sold, well, Smash Brothers has sold nearly 700,000 copies,
and they're saying that apparently the Amiibos themselves have sold quite a few as it is,
almost as many copies as the game.
So, wow, you guys will really buy a lot of this stuff.
I don't know.
Personally, I just don't get the Amiibo thing.
I mean, it's a cool add-on.
I mean, if I want figure for my desk or something, that might be a cool thing to buy,
but the functionality is just not there for me.
I have a lot of Nintendo friends, like Nintendo fan friends, on my Twitter,
and let me tell you, the thirst is real for these things.
I have people, somebody I follow on Twitter actually said,
I am so frustrated over this, I'm going to cry,
because they couldn't find the figures that they want.
Like, I guess Nintendo released three new figures today,
the Little Mac and the Diddy Kong came out today, and Zelda.
Oh, yeah, because that's obviously one people want is Zelda.
And so people really want these figures, right?
But they're so hard to find because Nintendo and hardware equals lull.
And I guess these things are really hard to find,
and people are getting really, really frustrated at how hard these things are to get,
because now that we know Nintendo's pulling them from shelves,
you know, it's like maybe they're not going to get one.
I don't know.
Well, I think that you guys are just pointing to their hands if you ask me, but that's fine.
And yeah, they're saying Nintendo did confirm that they're discontinuing some Amiibo figures after initial shipments.
They're saying we will aim for certain Amiibos to always be available.
These will be for our most popular characters like Mario and Link.
Do the shelf space constraints.
Other figures will not return to the market once they've sold through their initial shipment.
I think that's a load of crap if you ask me, because I think that the reason they're doing that is not necessarily shelf space,
but they want you to feel the urge, like, oh crap, if I don't buy this right now, I'm never going to get it.
It's just like the fucking Wii U was.
They're trying to give you that impression that if you don't buy it now when you see it on that shelf, you're never going to get one.
I don't believe that for one second, because they know that they're making money off of this.
They're going to keep reprinting this.
If it's any indication, like they've done with other games, they will have variants that they'll make.
Or they'll be a different color one or something that comes out later on or something.
Of course, they're saying that certain Amiibos are sold out, and they may return later on.
They're saying that some Amiibos were very popularly launched, and possibly some Amiibos in the United States.
Canada and Latin America may not be available right now due to the high demand efforts.
I guess that's the expected, because people are really clamoring for these.
I don't understand why, but once again, it's Nintendo. People are fans of Nintendo.
I'm not going to buy for a second, though, that if there's an Amiibo that's sold out,
I don't think that there's any figure that's in low demand right now, so I'm just not buying that.
Go to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
YYR says, I called Nintendo because of a problem redeeming a prepaid card.
I asked the phone rep about whether they were going to make more Wii U GameCube adapters.
Exact quote from rep. I know, right?
Bottom line, NOA has no clue as to whether more stuff is being made.
I would expect the same to be true of Amiibos.
Once again, I think their strategy, and this has been their strategy since the Wii came out...
To starve the market?
To starve the market to drive up demand.
It fucking worked, and people are buying into it, so why wouldn't they do it?
The fact that they're saying that, once we sell through this, we may not bring it back.
Yeah, I could see that as possible.
It's a possible scenario if you have an Amiibo figure that just is not popular.
Say that they came out with, I don't know, a Birdo figure or something, and no one fucking...
I will be fucking buying that thing once, bitch.
I understand that you would buy it, but let's just hypothetically throw out there.
How dare you? How dare you say that Birdo has no fans out there?
I'm not saying that Birdo doesn't have any fans.
I'm just trying to throw out a random new character.
I'm not going to go down the list of every single character in Mario games until we get to the...
Okay, I got one for you, Ice Climbers.
Aww, too soon, too soon.
I'm just saying, let's just say, hypothetically, that they have a character that's just not popular.
The dude in Hogan's Alley.
Because when has Nintendo ever revisited that game?
Alright, that's fine.
Dude from Hogan's Alley, or how about CDI Mario?
CDI Mario or Zelda.
Those are figures that they're either derpy, no one wants them.
Hypothetically speaking, yes, I can see if they're not selling, they're not going to make more.
Once they sell out of their initial shipment, that's it.
That's going to be gone.
But I think for any of these figures at launch, they're going to totally be restocking that stuff.
They're not just going to be...
Why would you do that?
Why would you stop selling a figure for the hell of it?
If it's selling through, you would keep doing it until it stops selling through.
I think if you're the person that's getting really frustrated at not being able to find these figures,
let Nintendo know.
Tweet them, email them.
I wouldn't necessarily say call them, because I don't think the people answering the phone can really...
Apparently they're in the same boat you guys are.
But make sure Nintendo knows.
You want these figures and they're not making enough of them.
And that's probably going to be the best thing to get another shipment.
That's how we ended up getting Earthbound on Virtual Console,
a western release of The Last Guardian and all these rainfall games.
Now, SSJ100Matt was saying, listen, Nintendo isn't losing money on them.
He was jerking people around like this and manipulating the market.
I don't think that they're...
They're not sitting on shelves.
They're selling out immediately, so they're going to keep making them.
I just think that they're...
But it always sucks when it's selling out immediately because it's eBay scalpers and buying it up.
And you know that's what's happening.
And also, and I've got to double check here because I know I didn't put these stories on our show roll,
but they had some news about upcoming figures and the bullshit that they're doing.
That crap where it's like, oh, hey, hey, you really want Rosalina?
Well, it's going to have to go to Target for that.
Or, hey, you want this figure?
Well, you got to go to Toys R Us.
Or there's the rumor about that Shulk GameStop is purposely...
This is a huge grain of salt because it's one of those, I work for GameStop,
but I'm not going to tell you who I am.
Where apparently GameStop is going to hold half the Shulks to sell as used.
I mean, it sounds really...
I'm almost like, even GameStop's not that low.
Sell them as used?
They did that with another title.
They did that with the...
Yeah, Metroid Prime Trilogy.
No, no.
They did that with...
No, they did that with the reprint of...
Was it The Last Story or something like that?
Xenoblade.
Xenoblade, yeah.
And they sold it for more than retail because of high demand.
Jamie, quick comments.
We got to get to our interview with Jamie.
Just that my coworker picked up four amiibos,
and all they do is sit on the wall between our cubicles
so that we have the eternal battle between Link and Red Ring Rico
from Phantasy Star Online.
Nice.
Just saying.
Well, those amiibos seem to be doing very, very well for Nintendo,
so whether it is artificial or natural, who knows?
That's anyone's guess.
All right, but we are going to shift gears here quite a bit
because we want to bring onto the show here tonight
our friends from the YouTube series Cooking with Unity.
We're going to get Max, Phil, and Jeffrey, all of them.
They're all actually in the same room,
and we're going to talk to them all here tonight,
the guys from Cooking with Unity.
And if you have questions for them,
you can submit it in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com,
but I believe we have them on the line.
You guys there?
We are.
We are here.
Yep, I'm here as well.
Hello, hello, guys.
Welcome to Orange Launch Radio.
Hello.
Thank you so much for taking time to be with us tonight,
and you guys are all in the same room just like we are.
Yeah, yeah, we're all in the same room,
and thank you for inviting us.
It's exciting to be on your show.
No worries.
Actually, I got to give credit to Loki here.
Loki's kind of our game maker here on staff,
and he really likes you guys an awful lot.
He's the one that showed me about the show.
I love the show and the banter.
The banter's the best part.
All right, well, I'm glad you do
because a lot of times when we do the banter,
we're like, oh, no one is watching this for this.
So it's good to hear that the banter's coming across, too.
Usually when we're bantering,
we're talking about stuff
because we've run out of intelligent things
to say on the show.
And we don't want YouTube to clip the video.
Yeah, exactly.
So for those who don't know, Max is the first guy that talked.
I'm Phil from Cooking with the Unity.
I'm Max.
And I'm Jeffrey.
And, yeah, we enjoy doing the show,
and I'm really happy that you guys,
I'm really happy that Loki is enjoying the show,
and it's really great that we got an invite
to do the show with you guys.
And hopefully we can answer some questions
and give people a place to actually start
for making games and starting their career making games.
Excellent, because that's where my head's at.
It's like, well, you can't say I'm not a fan.
I'm still not understanding the subject matter fully,
but I want to get there.
I want to get to that point someday.
So that's really exciting.
And I don't know if you guys heard earlier in the show,
I was kind of talking about
a lot of what you guys seem to do for game creation.
There's a lot of what I've said about podcasting.
I don't know if you know,
we've been doing Orange on its Radio for 12 years.
That's wild.
Especially considering how early podcasting was
at the time that you started it.
Yes, absolutely.
Well, there was no podcast when we first started.
Yeah, exactly.
You were a radio station, right?
Yeah, we were live through 65,
and then that kind of evolved into that.
But we love it when people create their own shows,
just like you guys really empower people
to make their own games, which I think is so important.
Well, let me take a step back and ask you guys,
for those that don't know what Cooking with Unity is,
tell us about it.
What is Cooking with Unity?
So, what the show is,
it's my attempt to educate people on how to make video games.
I realized, so I started in the industry at Sony,
and I went to DigiPen for school and stuff,
and so I kind of got immersed in how to make games and stuff.
And when I was growing up,
there wasn't as much internet resources for things,
and there wasn't even as much internet.
And it just seemed like, with Unity,
this is the time to actually start showing people,
in general, how games are made
and what people do when they make games,
and what does it mean to make a game.
Like, my biggest problem was,
if you were to ask a random person on the street,
how do you make a movie,
they wouldn't be able to give you a very specific answer,
but they'd be able to say,
okay, you get a camera,
you get a bunch of people in costumes
on the other side of the camera,
you shoot the scene,
you do some editing,
maybe you have a green screen
and use the magic of a computer or something,
but they'll have a general idea.
But if you ask a random person how to make a video game,
they're going to just give you this blank stare.
They're going to be like,
I think you use a computer at some point in the process,
and that's like all people know.
And making games has gotten a lot easier
in the last few years
because of all the middleware and engines
and tool chains that are available for free or for cheap.
We've got Unity, we've got Unreal,
we've got Crytek, CryEngine,
we've got smaller, lesser known ones
like Cocos2D and Erlicht and a few other things.
But if you want to actually get started making a game,
you no longer have to start by making the game engine.
You can actually just start making your game,
which is exciting.
Why Unity in particular?
Well, in my case,
it's because it just fit my organization style.
I started using Unity during a game jam,
and I had never used it before,
and I was able to make a very simple game in two days
without having ever touched Unity before.
It's just very well organized.
I like the way that it's a component-based organization
for building things.
And the thing is, if your question is
why Unity over anything else,
I'm not going to say that you should use Unity
over anything else.
I think you should use whatever works best for you.
If you download Unreal and it just clicks
and you just love the Blueprint system
and you can understand you start making a game,
I want you to make a game.
I don't care if you use Unity or not.
But I use Unity because it fits my workflow.
I'm very familiar with it.
I use it for my own projects,
and therefore I can teach it to people
and teach how to use it on their projects.
You know why you guys are awesome?
Because in that sentence there,
you said, I want you to make a game.
And I think that is such a great message.
Absolutely.
That's something that I hear in your videos as well.
So let me ask this question.
Why is that important?
Why should you go make a game?
Why shouldn't you make a game?
I mean, honestly, if you're passionate about something,
then you should absolutely go out and do it.
You should get that passion out there into the world
and develop something.
I mean, it's an art form just like anything else.
Oh, God, I went into the art form thing.
Oh, sorry.
Video games as art is a whole other discussion,
but I'm sure you guys have had that one before.
So the thing is, yeah, why shouldn't you make a game?
The thing is, I talk to a lot of people who play video games,
and I always hear game designs from people.
I'm like, you know what would be a really cool game?
And sometimes it'll just be a really high-level thing.
It'll just be like, if it was Call of Duty,
but it had motorcycles.
It might be something as simple as that,
or it might be someone who has a really cool idea
for a puzzle game or something, and everyone has these ideas,
and very few people get the opportunity
to actually build something
that works towards making these games a reality.
And the other thing I'm worried about is,
the games industry, because of how hard it is,
or how hard it was, I think it's getting a lot easier,
but how hard it is to learn how to make games,
it was attracting these people
that might not even be interested
in the games themselves, but are interested
in solving the challenges, and that's great.
I have no problem with that.
I have no problem with non-gamers making games.
But I want to see more gamers making games,
because gamers know what they want,
and they can actually iterate on the previous art
and create something new and interesting,
and they already know the limitations
that they're working within,
and they're going to be able to figure out
how to work around those limitations
and change the expectations for games
from a perspective of someone who is themselves
a consumer of game products.
And so that's really important.
You raise a really good point there,
that there's a lot of non-gamers in the game industry,
and we've kind of hit on this before
when we talk about management decisions
that screw games up,
that cause buggy things to be released
because it's more important to get a game out
at a certain day and date to satisfy an XYZ person.
We get that all the time,
and I think that's great,
to get more gamers involved in making games.
Y-Y-R in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says,
The feeling of playing something
that I created with my own two hands
is one of my favorite feelings in the world.
If you have questions for our guests tonight
from Cooking with Unity,
you can ask that in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Have you guys heard of any games
that you may have helped through your YouTube series
or inspired to create?
We're still early in our history for that kind of thing.
I have seen some really cool projects
from people who might not have started with our show
but are definitely using our show now,
and I'm really excited to show more of that
on the show as things progress.
The thing is right now,
I want to show what people have made on my show.
We want to have more segments
that show what other people have made using Unity
and what other people have made using whatever they want to make it with.
It doesn't have to be Unity specific.
We've seen some really good projects,
but they're all in progress.
They will need an audience later.
I don't want to just jump the gun,
show something that I think is kind of cool now.
Other people might not get why it's cool yet,
and then when they need the exposure,
it might be harder for them to get it.
I don't have any direct examples for you right now,
but there will be some soon
as these projects come to fruition.
Well, I know of one. I know of at least one.
Right, Loki?
Yeah, absolutely.
I just wish I had something to show right now.
It's just redoing the engine three or four times already.
But the great part, though,
is when I was learning,
and I'm still learning
because I'm just teaching myself everything,
I just started in March
to actually start working on a game idea.
But just trying to skip doing it the hard way,
and then having to learn to do it the hard way,
which is a good way to learn things, I guess.
Oh, it's always good.
It's a constant learning experience.
I mean, you never know all the answers,
and there's always new ways to do things.
It's really exciting to try to solve problems dynamically.
Sometimes you even find old ways to do things.
I found that, especially in the days of mobile,
some of my knowledge about how PlayStation 1 games cut corners
is actually useful
because those same corners can be cut on mobile
and give you great-looking visuals with less performance.
And so there's a lot to learn.
You started in March, and as Phil said,
you never run out. We haven't run out yet.
I learn a new thing every day making games.
At least one thing every day.
And that's not an exaggeration by any stretch of the imagination.
And sometimes it's really simple stuff too.
Occasionally someone will be watching my show
and point out a feature in Unity that I didn't even know was there.
And I'm just like, wow, that saves me 20 minutes every time
that I would normally have to do it this other way
that I had already figured out
because I just didn't know that this was built in.
I'm sorry that I'm not giving concrete examples here,
but I'm sure that you've run into this yourself
in the short time that you've been working
where you find a way to do something,
and it totally works, and it's fine.
And it doesn't have really many disadvantages or anything,
but you find out later you could have done the same thing
in one line of code and even less worry,
and it's a little bit more efficient and stuff.
That being said, the super important thing to remember,
and this is something where I differ from a lot of teachers and stuff
where they're like, you need to learn the right way to do things.
There's a million right ways to do anything in game development.
There's a million. This is not an exaggeration.
And there's a few that are terrible,
and there's a few that are awesome,
and there's everything else that's in between.
And the thing is, most of the in-between stuff
will do what you need it to do.
So my rule is, if it works, use it,
especially when you're learning.
If you have a solution to the problem,
don't worry that it's the best solution.
I have a lot of people who are like,
did I do this right? And they've done it totally right.
And they're like, but is there a more efficient way to use it?
And my answer is always, yes,
there's always a more efficient way to do it.
It is efficient enough, and it works,
and that's the most important part.
What needs to be important is you can always optimize later on.
If you've encountered a situation where,
yeah, the game's running terribly
because of the way that I've implemented this thing,
well, you can always go back and refactor it
into a way that's using a different solution to the problem.
You can always optimize later on.
This is great to listen to,
but for me, I've got to admit,
my knowledge of game making is so-so.
I used to be able to make stuff in ZZT.
That game was awesome. I used to use that.
And maybe Commodore 64 Basic back in the day.
All right.
I love Commodore 64. We can talk Basic all day.
God, that system was so flippin' amazing
and kind of ahead of its time in many ways.
But anyway, let's say I want to make a game.
I'm going to do this. I'm going to download Unity.
I don't have a whole lot of programming experience
except maybe like 10 print,
Rob is awesome, 20 go to 10.
So I have very little programming experience.
So now what? Where is Word 1 in chapter 1?
Where do I start?
So we made a series actually specifically for this.
It's called From Scratch to Published.
And we cover...
So it starts in episode negative 1,
which is a strange episode number to start at.
But the reason I did that is the first episode teaches you
how to download and install Unity and start using Unity.
Episodes negative 1 and 0
are for how to set up your computer
and how to get an email address.
So we cover the most basic stuff you can possibly have.
We talk about every single thing.
And we go all the way up to the point
where we actually publish on several stores,
namely the Windows Store for both phone and PC,
the iOS and Mac app stores,
and the Android Play Store.
And the thing is,
so when you're watching this one,
there's going to be points,
especially if you're a fresh beginner,
you haven't done much programming in a while,
or maybe no programming whatsoever,
there's going to be some stuff
where you're going to just have to take it on faith
what I'm saying.
I try to explain things very thoroughly,
but sometimes in the effort to just get the next section done,
I have to just say,
here's the code, here's what we're doing,
I try to explain it,
but it's not going to click at first.
And so you've got to just work with it.
Don't stop there.
It's not going to teach you everything you need to know.
It's going to teach you enough that you can get started.
And from there,
you'll start forming questions
and start answering your questions yourself,
and you'll be able to figure out how these things actually work.
The important thing is,
on the series, because we start from scratch,
we start literally on a PC
that doesn't have Unity installed,
or any program installed,
we show installing Unity,
we show installing Source Control,
we show how to use Source Control stuff.
Most people don't even know what Source Control is,
and most people don't use it,
and this is terrible.
People should be using it.
What Source Control is is basically a backup system
slash collaboration system
so that when you make changes to the project,
everyone else working on the project gets those changes,
and more importantly,
if you make a change and something's wrong,
you can go back later and be like,
hey, that change was wrong,
and it keeps that history
of everything that you've done.
That way, mistakes are less costly.
What's fun about games
versus pretty much any other industry
is there's the only cost
involved in making them
effectively, once you have the tools,
which the tools are free now,
is the cost of time.
The worst mistakes in the world
that you can make will only cost you time.
They will never cost you manufacturing resources.
You will never have to replace things
because you did something wrong in code.
Well, okay.
Yeah, I mean, if you drop your iPhone on the floor,
it'll be your test device.
There's little problems like that,
but it's from the physical world.
It's not from the digital world
that these problems are occurring.
So mistakes should be embraced.
You really do learn from mistakes.
So don't feel bad
when something doesn't work right.
Feel good when you make it work right afterwards.
And so, yeah,
From Scratch to Publish will give you
probably the best kind of overview
front to back of game development
using Unity.
And then you can start to get more specific on videos
and by downloading
text content or using assets
from the Asda store to try and figure out
the rest of the way, how things work.
Remember, there's always
more to learn. There's always tricks that
like, I don't know all the tricks.
I try to teach as many tricks as I know.
When I find a new trick, I try to tell people about it.
But I will never know everything.
And no one will.
But try to know as much as you can.
And get into it. And I know you will enjoy it.
Alright, I'm going to check that out.
In fact, I even see why YR just linked that
to episode negative one in our chat room
over there at live.vognetwork.com
And if you are just joining us live, we are talking
with Max, Phil, and Jeffrey all from
Cooking with Unity.
If you go to cookingwithunity.com
it will just take you right to their YouTube channel
that has everything there.
Do you guys have any other, like, I don't know
if you guys do Twitter feeds or Facebook
or anything else we should be following you guys on?
Oh, I'm on Facebook, or on Twitter.
Twitter is MagmaLemur
Awesome. And I'm on
Twitter as Drakfire, that's
D-R-A-K-F-Y-R-E
Alright. I'm also in the channel as Drakfire
so if you just spell my name in there.
Sounds good.
And if you guys have questions, wait, there's three of you
Wait, am I in the channel out there?
There's three of us, but I don't think Jeffrey has a Twitter.
No, I don't have a Twitter.
Alright, that's alright. That's alright.
Darsakra has a Twitter, but she doesn't ever use it.
So I tag her in things. I use it sometimes.
Yeah, she'll reply to it like a month later.
And I'll complain about Pinkberry being closed ten minutes early.
Yeah, why did you tag me in this?
Alright, anyway.
So, awesome, awesome.
Loki, I want to go to you, because
surely you've got some things you want to ask these guys.
Yeah, I mean, the
one general question. First off,
I was going to mention, they do have a Patreon as well.
So there's some cool stuff
that you get access to, like they have a
repo with some cool
code and stuff in there that you can
check out. So definitely
go check that out and support them
if you can. The other thing I was
going to say is, now I know you
guys have done quite a few different types of
games in the past,
different projects and stuff.
Looking forward, what are some
different types of games that you're looking to tackle
in future projects?
Well, I know
for one, I'm working
very close with Justin Morovitz
on Vanguard
V, and I really hope that we get funding
for that project, because that's going to be awesome.
Justin is
trying to start a studio
that's VR centric.
And I think that's
important.
I do think that's actually ultimately
where the games industry is going to move towards
is virtual reality.
I'm not saying that we're going to get rid of TVs.
I think that's silly to think that.
I don't think we're going to be getting rid of tablets or anything.
But we're going to be adding VR to the mix.
And I think that the people who have been
playing games the longest
are going to be very interested in seeing
what actually comes to pass with virtual
reality. So I would say that
in my future at least, what I'm hoping
for is to get to work on more virtual reality
related games
and projects. It's an interesting
challenge because you have the physical aspect.
You don't want to give people
whiplash when they're playing your game. You don't want
people to get motion sickness.
Although I do think motion sickness
is going to be less of an issue as people get
their sea legs, so to speak.
Just like how
people forget, but when the games first started
just games scrolling left to right would make some
people sick. And now
you would never even worry about that. You would
scroll the game however fast you want it left
and right. You can jiggle it
back and forth and no one's going to get sick.
And it'll be that way for VR at
some point.
Cool.
Speaking of VR, I see in our chat room
Bobby Blackwell says, I demoed Vanguard V
at a recent VR meetup with the
KOR FX vest. Bobby
by the way is our guy on the network that is really into
this VR stuff.
He wants to know when the Proton Pulse talk is starting.
Well,
Proton Pulse is available on Google Cardboard
right now. Go get it. Go get a cardboard
and go download it.
Full games available, so
yeah.
They just released the Cardboard SDK for
Unity, I just saw.
Yeah, we've had a beta
version for a while and actually I think it's been
publicly available too, but we've had
some close interaction with Google which has been great.
Speaking of
Bobby, there's always a really funny debate
that you and him
have, Loki, going back and forth
when you first got into programming.
I don't think there really is a right or wrong
answer, but I thought I would consult the experts
here for the Cookie with Unity and
ask this, when we talk about your very first
project, I'm going to start my first project
and my first game.
In your opinion, do you think it's better to
build clones of existing
games or to just,
you know what, I'm going to do my own thing. Do your own thing.
This is a really, really good question.
Oh,
yeah, I mean, my first project
ended up being that little game robot alone
that I made.
And that's only on iOS
unfortunately, I still haven't gotten around to
porting it to anything else, even though it takes
no time and effort, I just need to boot up the project.
Apparently I'm too lazy to do that.
It was my first game
and it's basically a clone of Puro 2
from WarioWare,
the first WarioWare game
for the Game Boy Advance. It's a very small
mini-game there, but it was something
that's small in scope that I knew how it
functioned and I think it's very important
to take something that you kind of understand
how it works and just make something simple
and once you make that simple thing work,
just step up the complexity a little bit more.
Like starting with Pong is not necessarily
bad or Space Invaders,
something like that, something small and
simple that you know kind of mechanically how it
works so you can kind of just
get a feel for what you need to
implement. Yeah, and on the show we model
our episodes based on
genres and we try to basically
make it based on another
game that's similar in that genre.
Our very first episodes were
well actually my very first episodes, it was
before we had multiple people on the show,
were Space Invaders
and I believe Space Invaders
is probably the best place to start
and not necessarily on my show
because it's terrible, I had
no showmanship or anything back then.
But some people still say they like the
episodes, but I'd say starting with
Space Invaders is good because it teaches you
a lot of the basics about game development.
It teaches you how to
make bullets happen.
That's a very common thing, how to spawn something
and make it move on the screen.
It teaches you movement
and it teaches you how to create and destroy
things on the screen that you're destroying.
And all those things are really important in games.
Pong is a really good example
as well except for it doesn't really teach
it teaches very basic instantiation and
destruction, there's only one object. I like
Space Invaders because there's a few more objects to work with
so it feels like there's something to sink your teeth into.
As far as to whether everyone
should do this, what I
mainly want to say is
it probably doesn't matter that much as long as
you have a really clear idea in your head what you're making
whether you duplicate something that's
existing or if you go with your own design.
But the scope
is important. So if your
dream project is, and I know a lot of people
have this and I'm not dissing the
dreams here, if your dream project is
an MMO where you
can do real time combat
and wherever you strike the shield
on the opponent is exactly where the
damage happens and there's a
damage model for it. You have this
pages and pages and pages. Don't start
with that game. Please don't
start with that game. Even if
your high concept starts with
is a multiplayer game, don't start with
that game. Start with a single player game.
If you do want
to work towards your dream project though
start with a small project
that represents
a portion of your larger
project and then just keep doing that
and then build them together.
And what I mean by that is
honestly a really good example
I think is the Metal Gear series.
In that
if you've ever played Metal Gear Solid
which
Metal Gear Solid, sorry
Metal Gear 2 Solid Snake, the MSX version
it's on the anniversary
collection. It's the
last 2D game before they went to 3D.
If you play through that game you'll see
that pretty much everything that happens
in that game happened
in Metal Gear Solid later
in 3D. Even
smoking to display
lasers and go through them
that's in that game first.
Crawling under tanks is in that
game first. Pretty much
every single interaction, all the elevator interactions
all of the communication
between characters, all the codex stuff
was in that game first. And that game
is a 2D game.
So he had tried
this formula already
before they moved to 3D. Before they did
something that was ground breaking.
And Metal Gear Solid was truly ground
breaking for the time. And
I think that company still just does amazing
work. I love Kojima's work.
So think about it from
a perspective of make the
simple version of your game.
Do stepping stones and then once you have the simple version
you can kind of already work some of the problems
out and then you can make a slightly more complex version.
And then before you know it you'll have
you'll be working on the networked multiplayer
massively multiplayer online version of your game.
I mean it's all about iterations upon
your development basically like
yeah just start with something simple. You know like Metal Gear
maybe didn't eventually originally have
like pressing up against a wall in the first
version so they added it in the second one
so you could start hiding around corners.
And so on and so forth and they just kept going
with these ideas and that's how you get
these really complicated games is you start
off simple and just kind of keep iterating
ideas and adding functionality
to things.
Alright well to be fair to Bobby he is saying
in chat room I stressed more something that
was small in scope not necessarily
a full clone but that seems to definitely be in line
with the message you guys are saying is that if you want
to make this gigantic dream game
MMO focus on that one little
part first that maybe you can build into
the larger game later. And yes Black Wolf
I did say simple was boring. It's just not for
me. That's not what I want to do and that's fine
you know the fact that I didn't start with a simple project
means I've learned
so much more so and not to say that I
would you say that even though you maybe didn't take
on a simple project at first Loki you still
you're building one piece at a time. Yes
and I'm also not crazy enough to do an MMO
no one I don't want to ever
do an MMO ever ever
ever ever ever just
it sounds too too crazy
so never no idea how many
times that I've heard someone say oh I've got
this really good game idea I want to make it
I'm working on an MMO like that's
that is usually surprisingly
it happens all the time.
Oh gosh well gosh a dungeon
buster in our chat says this is a great interview lots
of great advice you know what I agree this is
this has been so informative and there's
so much more information that I
hope folks will go check out over on your YouTube
channel over at cookingwithunity.com
I do have to wrap things up here
pretty soon because we've almost been on the line
for a good half hour talking about making games
but before I let you go
I do always ask the people on our
show what games are you
playing you know besides the ones you're making
what games are you playing these days
so can we go around the room there real quick with you three
alright one two
three GTA 5
yeah I've been playing GTA 5 on the PS4
that game is astounding
no wonder you like these guys
listen I don't need the love you guys anymore
I mean seriously
the scope of that game
and like the amount of detail they put into
it is just unreal
they must have
actually put human souls into that
game to make it run the way it does
like the
amount of things they network we've been playing
it online together and
it's just outstanding
I do not know how
they network all this information
Loki was like a top 100 player on GTA 4
yeah I used to play multiplayer
a lot on GTA 4
a lot a lot but
I've been playing a lot
was it Playstation 4? I know I saw a video
I don't remember if it's from Playstation 4 or not
but yeah we need
the hookup online
because I haven't played any online yet
Jeffery what games have you been playing
because you probably have a more diverse
library than we do
well I usually play a lot of
Steam games lately
Gauntlet came out not too long ago
I've been playing the 2014 Gauntlet
I still play Monaco
from time to time
that's a really great stealth game
Monaco was fun
I actually really was impressed with that game
when you started showing that at work
Jeffery and I used to work together at a place
called Play Habit that unfortunately is not around anymore
it was really cool
the person who ran the place actually
came up with the marketing
well effectively came up with the marketing slogan
that Sega used
for so long of
blast processing, he was actually the originator
of that phrase
so that was pretty wild
of blast processing?
I've got an interview with him
I need to post it online sometime
he's giving me permission but I want to make sure
it has impact when it happens
well you guys are awesome
and I love the message you guys carry
that I want you to make a game
so I want to say something here real quick
this is kind of a little bit of an announcement
but I want you guys to be able to hear this too
because I think you guys will really like this
this is kind of like an ongoing theme that's been going on
with our show
and with Bobby's show and some of the other shows on the network
from talking about
Loki's game and how he's been making a game
to when Bobby did the
Flappy Vog project, it's kind of like a joke
thing to when YYR
did the O.L.R. Dream
maybe you guys probably don't know about this
but we have a list of dream games
or things we mentioned
in Jess, that would be a great game
and one of our listeners, YYR, actually turned
one of those into a game, it was called Pixel Shits
and
it's something
he actually
you got to get the link in chat, it's great
it's 2600 inspired, YYR please
please post the link
it's a 2600 inspired game
where you go around and you try to stop
joggers from running through a park
by taking a giant shit
oh that's amazing
the genius mechanic
is that when you run out
because you know a person can only do so much
there's a little taco cabana in the corner
that you go to and refill
your mirror
oh that's amazing
that's where the game went from
like LOL to just
freaking genius
yeah it was great
oh no, that's what I love to see
people making things like this
I love silly creative games and stuff
the sillier the better
I want to just put a shout out there
Jake Kaufman Vert, he's a really great game composer
you probably know about him
but he made a game called Dick Hand
that you probably don't know about
definitely check that out
that sounds inspired by Cards Against Humanity
well
the reason why I bring all this up is because
we've been doing some talk behind the scenes
and I was talking with YYR and I was talking with Bobby
and we've decided that we want
people to create things
just like you guys do
we think there needs to be more voices out there making games
so we are going to host
a vog jam
and that's video game jam
that's v-i-d-o
game jam
so it's the vog jam
and we just want people to create something dammit
so whether you have unity
and you're comfortable using unity
you want to learn unity
you can use that
but we're also going to encourage people
and if you only feel comfortable making
a level in LittleBigPlanet
or using RPG Maker
then do that
we are going to be doing our own game jam here at VOG Network
and I'm going to give you all some more details
in just a little bit
we're going to do Iron Chef style
where there's going to be a mystery ingredient
and we will talk about how we're going to come up with that ingredient
as a community next week
that is fantastic
it's not pixel shit
pixel shits will not be the game
I just want to say that's super awesome
game jams are actually what got me started
it's not what got me started as a programmer
it's what got me started as making games on my own
it's what got you started in unity too
yeah it is what got me started in unity
actually we were going to use
a different engine and it didn't work
for collaboration so I ended up using unity
because a friend of mine said it was really cool
and the rest is history
so yeah
game jams are awesome
drop us an email
we'll promote and we'll be on it
we love game jams
that's awesome and this is very important too
and I want to stress this because there might be some people that feel
very overwhelmed any prizes that we do
with this game jam we will not be giving away
prizes on quality
we will only be giving away prizes on
participation and I think that's very important
because we want to make sure this is a very accessible
thing for people to participate with
but anyway I just thought
you know you guys helped inspire
a lot of that conversation that happened behind the scenes
this week so you know
if you guys want people to make games
we want people to make games too and
we hope this all comes together and helps that happen
alright that's amazing
I mean that's a great thing just get people to be
creative put things out there
it's really important excellent alright
one more time for everybody the place to find the show
cookingwithunity.com correct?
that's correct
and check it out maybe you want to get
a jump on next week and start
learning a little bit on unity go to that
episode negative one of starting from scratch
also check out breakfast with unity
because that's also fun
I'm sad I can't make it anymore because
now I have a job again but when I didn't
have a job I catch it every morning
even when I had a job you know and
it's just like people that can't
be here Sunday night that's why we have a podcast
alright you guys
thank you so much for being on the show tonight Maxville
and Jeffrey and best of luck to you you guys
are doing great work in spreading
knowledge out there and helping people
create games please continue to do that
for us thank you it was a pleasure to
be on the show yes it was a pleasure thank you
so much for having us on here
you're welcome anytime my friends take care
alright you as well
thanks again bye bye
alright once again that was Maxville
and Jeffrey with cookingwithunity.com
that was great
that was inspiring that was like
that was like church that was church
right there and you were inspired by Grand Theft Auto 5
talk right? well I knew they played Grand Theft Auto 5
cause I saw the video they had a really
funny video it was
messing with the train in the tunnel
and like parking cars and stuff there
I'm like well dammit they played Grand Theft Auto 5
on Playstation 4 I need
cause you know what cause I bought
Grand Theft Auto 5 on Playstation 4
cause my old boss
he's like yeah I got Playstation 4 we gotta
get it when it comes out I'm totally gonna play
he said the same thing on Playstation
when he made me buy the Playstation 3
version on top of the 360 one
that never fucking happens so
yes I'm always looking for people to play
Grand Theft Auto 5 with cause I am
kinda getting sick of Lego Marvel superheroes to be honest
alright I wanna give you guys
a little more details on the game jam I talked about
with the guys from Cooking With Unity we will have
all the details next week but
the contest is going to be called the
VoG Jam and in this
case VoG will mean video game
not necessarily what you're used to but VoG
Jam and our little
tagline with this is
create something dammit
create something dammit I mean
you know maybe I'm not gonna be comfortable with using
Unity but I know how to use Commodore 64
basic I know how to make programs
in the little big planet there's some other things I know
how to use so I am gonna participate
in this game jam YYR
has committed to participating in this game jam
Bobby Blackwolf will be participating
in the game jam I'll participate Loki's participating
in the game jam I'll just put my game on hold for now
in this like video
so this is what's gonna happen
we're gonna use the time honored
scientific method that's proved
true in the past 12 years of Orange Lounge
Radio and that is
listless so next
week on Orange Lounge Radio we are going to do
a listless segment to
determine what the mystery
ingredient for the game is going to be
and that is going to be
basically a
I would say a title but I don't wanna say that
that title has to be the name of your game
for example
cause I don't know like a theme
it should be the theme there we go
so for example let's
say we were to go over to
the Orange Lounge Radio list of dream games
which we're not gonna do we're gonna come up with something new
but just as an example let's say I go to the
OLR dream games page and I decide that
puzzle sluts is gonna be the theme
and we're not gonna throw something
that adult at you but puzzle sluts
ends up being the theme then you would have to
make your game or your level or whatever
it is somehow incorporating
puzzle sluts into it
and whether that's just something that kinda
happens on the side or whether that's the focus
so it's just like cooking right
just like those guys cook with unity
this is the mystery ingredient so
what is that theme
going to be we wanna take
suggestions from you guys even though usually
with listless it is what
DarkSakura, myself and Loki ultimately
decide that goes into the pot we
wanna take your suggestions
so if you have a suggestion
you can do one of two things you can e-mail us
participate at orangelandstrator.com
make sure that subject line says
game jam and then tell us
what is the mystery ingredient you believe
should be included in the game jam
or you can comment on the posting of this
show over at vognetwork.com
just comment and that
way the little thumbs up and thumbs down will tell
us what we ought to think of using
for the theme in listless next
week so we will be choosing that mystery ingredient
you will have over the holidays until
the end of january
to submit your project
and if you need help hosting
even let's say you create a
project in unity but you have no where to put it
bobby blackwolf has offered help
so at vognetwork we can actually
post some of those creations for you
guys over at vognetwork if you need a
place that's not required though if you
post something on your own site we
just wanna give you the tools we don't want anybody
to say well I would have participated but I didn't
have a place to host it no no we're gonna
solve some of those problems mega.com or
whatever it is nowadays mega
something though so there you go
I do wanna say one quick very
important thing with the themes
cause we gotta get back to the news cause we're running really
long tonight with the themes
please nothing that is already
copyrighted keep that in mind
yeah nothing infringing please don't make a Mario
game exactly so you can't we
can't do like garris does calibrations
cannot be the game theme because
garris is a character
but you can make that game for me personally
so keep that in mind we are not
out to make sequels it has to be
an original idea calibrating with garris
I'm sure there's already the shakarian calibrator
out there somewhere I'm sure there is
Brad from Paw Culture says what about
collaborations I'm
always going to refer to the golden rule of the
game jam which is create something
dammit so if the only way you're gonna
be able to create something is to work with somebody else
then I'm gonna say yes
create something dammit that's the golden
rule I'm gonna refer to throughout the game jam
so partner up yes
just create something dammit
to register participation for this weeks
episode of Orange On Radio at vognetwork.com
use the pass phrase fork
alright so
we'll have more information we're gonna have a big
prize pool there will be
no grading done on quality
that is ultimately up to the community
if one of these games goes viral
that is the community that makes
that happen but we
will be giving out prizes based on participation
we have accumulated a
crap ton of prizes throughout the year
so I don't
want to say cause I don't know how many
participations we'll get I
want to say if I almost want to say
everybody who participates will get something
but then I go well that's
only allowing for like 20 people
if we get like 200 submissions which would be
amazing boxes I know
right so I will say this
we are going to try well I will
we do know this we have the
loot system on vognetwork.com for sure
100% everybody will get exclusive
loot on vognetwork.com even
though it's virtual you'll at least get that little badge
of honor that you participated in the game
jam the first one which we hope
of many now I have a question
since I totally
don't even realize this is there a way to see what
loot other people have on their profile
click on their little profile
you're already 100% better than playstation 3
and playstation home problems with the trophy
so there you go
100% better
we got to get back to some news more info on the game jam next week
but submit your ideas but we got to
run through the news and I'm going to say
I'm going to take this a little bit of an accelerated
pace just because this first
part of the show is running really long so let's talk
quickly about street fighter 5
street fighter 5 more news is
coming out about street fighter 5 and Charlie
has been revealed as a character
that will be in street fighter 5 Charlie was not
in street fighter 4 if I recall
you have the pointy hair but Charlie
was in what was it alpha?
alpha 3?
he was in alpha
and alpha 2 and alpha 3
so they've modernized him a little
bit it looks like for this game because we don't see
an awful lot of them we only see just kind of
Charlie wasn't in like
cross Tekken was he?
I don't think so
but yeah so Charlie was announced
for street fighter 5 which by the way showed
off the first footage
of the gameplay and literally
you know it was like a splash screen that was pressed
start and then it went right into a Ryu vs
Chun-Li battle I
thought that was pretty funny what oh just
did you watch did you watch all the
reactions of the guys going oh my god
it's got the oh my god no not that there's
there's a part in it like where
um Ryu knocks Chun-Li into
like at the end of one of the rounds he knocks her
into a wall in the kitchen
and a bowl of noodles falls on her head
and it stays there for the whole next round
there's a bowl of noodles on her head
it's hilarious
yeah people details I love
details it's great
so people getting excited at that first
footage of Street Fighter 5 and
yeah there's like a revenge bar at an EX bar
and there's I noticed
that speaking of getting knocked through the wall
then that next stage started
in the middle of the room they were in so
it's kind of neat how those environments are coming into play
as well so I think we'll be having
Street Fighter 5 news a lot I mean they could
announce like a character a week probably leading up to
the release we'll see
DarkSakura what do you have for us?
I have some stuff
specifically something about Borderlands
there's going to be a Borderlands
remastered apparently this
was information released
from the Australian age rating
board they didn't
actually say exactly what Borderlands it is
but there's going to be a Borderlands remastered
edition with
an MA 15 plus rating
supposed to be on Xbox One
Playstation 4 and likely
PC the
thought is that it's
well at least it's a speculation that it's going to
be the original one but honestly
I think it's all three
for the guess see that would
be really I mean
I don't think it would be that hard
really to update graphics wise
and
well yeah they don't have to do anything graphics wise because it's on
PC so they already have the high res graphics
they just redo the engine for console
and
port it over probably want to
have maybe more smoothing
for the PC iteration
we talked a lot last week about that whole Final Fantasy
7 reveal which is a PC
port on the PS4 so we know this
is an outlet that a lot of people are using
so
I'd say if you
don't have the games yet just keep your eyes open
there's of course not exactly
a release date on this this is
just coming from
the Australian ratings
board but it's something
to think about
it's not the only game that's looking like this
later in the show we have news of another
game so this seems to be
could be a theme where
a lot of the PS3 classics
so to speak end up getting remade for PS4
this year alone
we've had Tomb Raider, Sleeping Dogs
they had
well it's a PC port but
Shadow Warrior came over
Saints Row
4 and
God of Hell is going to be in January
which I'm totally picking that up again
I own it on 4 systems
already but I'll buy it again
even though I really didn't care for
4 too much but
whatever
Grand Theft Auto 5
but hell I'll buy that 4 times if I need to
I'll buy it on PC when it comes out again
when you love something enough Loki
exactly you'll buy multiple
now you understand okay next time
you ask me why do you own the
Mass Effect trilogy 5 different times
okay well that's a little
different okay let's talk
about how that's different one Grand Theft Auto 5
on PlayStation 4 is a significant
upgrade of Grand Theft Auto the only reason
I bought it on the other 2 systems
in the past was because
I was going to play it on
Xbox but then my
my boss wanted to play it on
PS3 and he promised that we would so
play this game multiple times on PS3
and we'd just be playing all the time because we'd play
tons of Grand Theft Auto 4 and
that never happened that's why I bought it on
3 systems
otherwise it would have been 2 systems and to be fair
I've sold back my copies on the other systems
but if Mass Effect trilogy ends up
being one of those games that ends up on PS4 as well
I know you'll be buying it
I'm doing it
and I guarantee you it will
at some point right before
Mass Effect 4 comes out or whatever they're going to call it
Loki promised you guys, Loki promised
alright let's travel around the world
and check out some games we do know are coming
out to a store near you although I imagine
for most of the world not much right
Loki? I wasn't going to say
I haven't even looked at it yet but I'm going to
go out on a limb here and say I don't think
anything's coming out this week in fact I'm
going to say nothing's coming out this week I think
digitally I think you get Tetris
well digitally there's going to be stuff coming
out but I'm not talking digital I'm talking
you know physical releases and
there is not a
thing coming out in fact I would be willing
to bet that you won't see anything until January
well it is that slow
time of the year but going to Japan it's
a little bit different they still are trickling out
a few games on some of the systems including
on the Playstation 4 a treasure box
edition of Nobunaga no Yabu online
Kasuke no Shu
also that's out on the 17th
and then on the 18th we have
Anoko wa Ore Kara
Hanarayani comes out
there on the Playstation 4
on the Xbox One
Chaos Child in regular
and limited edition on December 18th
you know what there was one thing I'm sorry
well god damn it Loki sorry real quick
how dare you Guilty Gear XRD sign
that is coming out in Playstation 4
Playstation 3 that is the only thing though
nothing else there are some Guilty Gear fans out there
there are alright going over to the Playstation
3 Godzilla comes out
on December the 18th
as well as Gundam Breaker 2
comes out and that's you can get that
as regular or an Omochidashi
pack and that's also
available with Chinese subs
if you want that particular edition
is available that's on the Playstation 3
this week on the Wii U this week
Sonic Toon Taiko no
Hiho and I believe
that is the same thing as the Sonic
what was it called here we just got it
Sonic uh
Sonic Boom?
Sonic Boom yeah
Sonic Boom
yeah there's a lot of people saying Sonic Boo
to that there's also a Pikachu
classic controller coming out on the 20th
that's a third party but it's Pikachu
and it's a controller it's adorable
on the Vita this week Gundam Breaker 2
makes it's release there on the 18th
as well as Root Rex
and Shen Jigen
Game Neptune Rebirth
3 V Century
in regular and limited edition
that is from the Reformed Compile
isn't that
is that uh
Hyperdimension Neptunia?
I think it is
but on the Nintendo 3DS this week
actually believe it or not huge week on the 3DS
because not only do you have Sonic Toon
Island Adventure there
Sega 3D Fukuku Archives
which is the Sega 3D Classics redone
but this week on the Nintendo 3DS
Final Fantasy
Explorers that's right
Final Fantasy meets Monster Hunter
is releasing this week on the 18th
that'd be so awesome if the 3DS was region
free but it's not
but I know people with Japanese 3DS's that'll be
getting it anyway cause they crazy
and I mean that in the best possible way
alright Dark Soccer how about the UK
there is an entirety
of one thing
and one thing only
Baldur's Gate 2 Enhanced Edition
nice
there it is
alright just a couple more stories for you guys
and then the classic game of the week
Loki
so um
Sega is trying to figure out
how to adapt their properties
into other forms
of media and entertainment
including TV
I'm hoping that the fact that they're hiring
this media exec
means we're gonna get some better
stuff other than Sonic Boom cause I don't
know, I don't know if that
new cartoon's any good
from what I hear but apparently
even Choflin
is going to, is set to
adapt some of
their old franchises into
you know, television
web series, you know
you name it, movies
they're seeing adaptions of
Altered Beast, Crazy Taxi
Shinobi, Streets of Rage
and other titles
I can only think, you know
we've seen Sonic so far
and I'm just hoping that they reboot
that at some point
that actually works for them
but man, I would like to see some of those old
Shenmue, Shenmue
Shenmue
come on, lucky hit
hits the big screen
you know, as weird as it would be
I would love to see like
a Moonwalker series
or something like that, even though I understand
that's, you know, based off of the Moonwalker film
I'd still
love to see that as a spin-off series
or Space Channel 5
hello, yeah, that's what Fifth Dream in our chat says
Space Channel 5 the series
YYR in chat says, go home
Sega, you're drunk
or can we do like some
you know, not the
I fear that Crazy Taxi
will be it, it's gonna be like really
like, just like second-handed
can we do like something with like all the Dreamcast
you know, characters and stuff
and like a sort of Captain N type of environment
but not stupid
you know, can we do something like that, you know, have Ooh La La
and maybe, you know, get
the nameless characters
from Crazy Taxi or whatever
and hell, let's throw in some
what was it
I don't know
other series that they had
on Dreamcast
Fifth Dream in chat over at live.vognetwork.com
suggests Hatsune Miku the animated series
now that one I could actually see happening
because Hatsune Miku is a pretty big deal
for Sega, so especially overseas
so, yeah
I don't know, maybe
Daytona
do do do do do do
don't even
alright, well
a lot of people cry
a lot of people on the internet
saying don't even to this
character that was announced for Tekken 7
and this was
a character kind of like
a, I guess you could say like a
cosplay
fan girl, kitty girl
the name was Lucky Chloe
was the character unveiled during a
livestream celebrating the 20th anniversary
of the Tekken franchise
she's wearing pink cat ears
and like a pink
like cat paws thing
and she's got on like a little black tutu
with a tail that actually kind of looks like a cat
so I mean she looks just like
a cute, you know, anime
girl that
could show up in the Tekken series, right?
maybe she works at a cat girl
cafe, perhaps
but they announce Lucky Chloe for Tekken
and all of a sudden
a lot of negativity on the
internet get out, but negativity
hit the internet
and the series producer Katsuhiro
Harada was alerted
to a thread on NeoGaf
where a bunch of people were saying
things like, God, I hate her already
but first off
why did you go to NeoGaf?
but NeoGaf, they hate everything
sorry, not sorry
I'm just keeping it real, you guys
but anyway, I'm sure Twitter
was no better, speaking of Twitter
Harada ended up tweeting out
quote, are you Western, only one
bulletin board? Hello, small world
I'll make muscular and skinhead
character for you
probably in reference to
stereotypes of American characters
I can see the meme already
they have
the Heath Ledger Joker
sitting there
Felicia!
Catgirl, Felicia, and Dark Sockers
no one blinks an eye
bye Felicia
alright, anyway
he went on to say that
American fans shouldn't
be upset because Chloe is just one of the
game's many characters
which, if I recall
involved a fighting
panda bear
and a wooden dummy
a wooden dummy
a kangaroo
a dinosaur
give me a fucking break, this is
Tekken, people
and Yoshimitsu, I mean, come on
if a catgirl wants to catgirl, then let her
catgirl
here's the thing that I have to say, it's his
fucking game, he can put whoever
whoever the hell he wants in it
if you don't like that character, don't play as that
character, I don't really care for Dalzim
I don't play as Dalzim
not that I hate the character itself, it's just I don't like the way he controls
nobody bonks when Dead or Alive
had a Teletubby
Dead or Alive had a Teletubby?
What's his face
with the Teletubby outfit?
since we are talking about
game creation and game creators a lot
tonight with that special theme, and I should have asked the guys
from Kooky with Unity about this
here's a tip
from me to the guy here, producer
of the Tekken series, don't read the
comments, do not ever
ever ever read the comments
don't read them, don't let NeoGaf
influence your game, don't let any
website influence your game like that
just make a good game
that you love, and that is what's most important
I'm not even going to get into any of this
so, but yes, I whole
hardly agree, you know, if you're making
a diverse set of characters, that's fine
this is the character you want to make, that's cool
they have other characters, there's
I don't think Tekken suffers
from non-diverse characters, they have
plenty of diversity in characters
and species
and sex
orientation, whatever
it's
that's not even a complaint of that
series, it could be Dead or
Alive, I mean that's, you know
a little bit worse
Rama in our chatroom over at live.fognetwork.com says
I'm amused at the cosplay
fandom who got mad because they assumed
Lucky Chloe was based off of Jessica
Negri
I hope I said the name right, I don't even know who she is
she's the one that did the
Lollipop Chainsaw
cosplay, and she's down on her stuff too
sorry, I believe that she's also
the one though who did
I may be getting her confused
but she also did cosplay in Blackface
at the end of the, oh, well
at the end of the day, at the end of the day
if this was inspired by a real
life person or whatever, so what
so what
I mean, god, they put that one girl
in Mass Effect... Law? Hello?
Yeah, right? Law?
I mean
No, he's totally original, not inspired
by anybody named Bruce Lee
They put that one IGN girl in Mass Effect 3
and it didn't ruin the game
Who's did, uh...
It might not have been her, by the way
I might be confusing her with somebody else
Yeah, alright, yeah, don't start
rumors here, I'm just kidding
No, Rama told me who it was
but anyway
No, who I'd want to see a fighting game done by
Rama clarifies that wasn't her
I know, it was somebody else though that looks
very similar to her
I would love to see a fighting game done by Platinum Games
That would be fucking amazing with all their character designs
You never know
Alright, let's
travel back to a time when things were
simple, because, like, we're gonna go back to
a time when, you know what, who
knows what it looks like, because it's a big square box
moving around your television
Alright, maybe we're not talking about a game
that old this week, but we are gonna take
a trip to the vault, where Dark Soccer's gonna
open up the vault and find a game that she thinks, hey
you should show a little respect
to the games that came before you
This is the classic game of the week for this week
Dark Soccer, what'd you pick?
Well, my whole logic
behind this was trying to find a game
that was ten years old
that people would go, holy shit, that's ten years old
So, I picked
Silent Hill 4 The Room
Holy shit, that's ten years old?
Yes, it is
At any rate
this one
was published by Konami
of course, developed by Team Silent
It came out in
Japan in June 2004, and in
North America and Europe in September
This was at my
second or third E3
and they had the whole
big kitchen set up and everything, it was really awesome
I have pictures of it somewhere
But this one, instead of being set
specifically in Silent Hill
is set in a town called South Ashfield
and it follows this dude named
Harry Townsend around
He's locked in his apartment
and he finds different ways to
escape through his bathroom
through other ways, and
goes through all these different craziness
where he's chasing an undead serial killer
named Walter
because Walter is totally
a serial killer's name, don't you think?
A little bit, yeah
So basically
you've got the one save point
which is his room
The room will restore his health
but there are
hauntings that happen
in the room during the second part of the game
Whatever you do, don't
get the Robbie the Rabbit
to take him back to your house
Seriously, it will fuck you up
He also is
spending the second half of the game
helping his neighbor Eileen
who
she has to go around with him
She takes damage as she gets
possessed over and over again
and so basically
however much damage that she takes
directly affects the ending
that you get
So
basically though
you beat shit up
You can shoot things
You've got different
talismans as well that can protect you from damage
can protect your
room from being haunted
and you can
charge your melee attacks
You can actually do more damage
You also have unkillable ghosts
that are
Walter Sullivan's victims
and the ghosts can hurt you
and can only be nullified by two items
and you can also
exercise hauntings from your apartment
with those same items
and you can knock down
ghosts
It's basically two bullets that will knock them down
or you pin them permanently with a sword
So there are certain
ways you can kill things
So there's also
another
character that actually you see
I don't remember how many
Well I'm sure everyone remembers the
remakes of
the songs they did for DDR from this game
but
one of the characters who
dies early on in the game is in the
beginning
is in the video
with Cynthia
but I mean
the game is
it's weird
It's one of the last of the good Silent Hill games
And then of course
don't worry
you also get the special endings
Well actually
in this one
actually I'm wrong
this one does not have the UFO ending
I was going to say I thought it
Yeah this one didn't have the UFO
It's the first one that didn't have the UFO ending
Oh bummer
You have
four endings
Mother, Eileen's death
The
Twenty One Sacrament
and
hold on because I know I've never gotten the dog
not the dog but the UFO ending
Yeah there's no UFO ending
There's not a disco party ending?
No there should be a UFO ending
PT better have a dog ending
I know right
There's actually a picture
of
how they set up the whole kitchen
thing
which is not a very good picture
I'll have to find a better one for the chat room
but the soundtrack
is just really amazing
of course like all the Silent Hill soundtracks
that were done by Yamaoka
The
Japanese soundtrack had a second
disc that had
music
done by Yamaoka
that was done to reading of
traditional Japanese stories and then the
American version had 13
exclusive tracks and
remixes and then there was
Your Rain that was redone for DVR
and
there was also a
UMD out called The Silent Hill Experience
Track 22
was also called
No Way to Escape
and it was a special recording for the soundtrack
so
there you go I have picked
Silent Hill
4th Room
probably like I said one of the last
good Silent Hill games
I haven't played it since the game first came out
I think I still have your copy
On what? Xbox right?
No I thought it was
Yeah it was
No I had it on Xbox
I remember playing the game when I was living with
Loki I must have been 10 years ago I was living with Loki
and I got so scared at one part and Loki
looks over and goes what the hell is going on over there shut up
I didn't say that
Yes you did!
I would never tell you to shut up
I may have inquired what's going on
Alright walking into
studio a connoisseur
of the Silent Hill series
a friend of the show
Shana Lee goes here in studio with us
So I have to talk about this for a second
Is there a dog ending yes or no?
No it only has 4 endings
That was the start
of the downfall
That's what I should have done
as the fortune cookie
You go bark bark bark bark bark bark bark
I heard there talk of
your reign being in
Silent Hill in DDR
it did not get mentioned at least by the time
I got up that there was another Silent Hill 4 song
in DDR
Did you guys talk about that?
I don't think so
No Shana
Is that the one from 3?
No no not in PS2 DDR
UltraMix
2
has
from the US CD sampler
the remix of Waver
from
cause that was all my doing
and then they did a really bad cut of it
so I feel bad in a way
but I do not feel that bad cause I like that song
So you pushed to get that song in the game and then
I'm the only one that said anything about that song
and they brought it into the game
Yay Shane
Well there you go
So who knew you had a little piece of the classic game of the week
How does it make you feel to hear that Silent Hill 4 is 10 years old
Really old
Cause I remember that E3
That was my first E3
Also remember we had
the
scoop on that song
We had the world premiere of your reign
from DDR and that was Shane who
made that all happen
We had to talk over half of it for people recording it
Yes cause that was back in the day
when people would do that
People were obsessed with DDR
And then
I got a bajillion copies of the sampler
because of Dan
And that's actually what happened
is that Shane had an early
print of that sampler
so that's how we were able to use it
And I want to say
cause that's one of my favorite Silent Hills
I love 4
The scariest ones cause I don't like Walter chasing me around
It's not fun
When that game came out in Japan
I used an import site
to import that game
overnight
weekend just so I could have the CD
that came with it for a car trip
I was taking on that Saturday
How much did that
set you back?
Well the game I think itself at the time was maybe like 60 or 70
and it was the collector's edition
which made it a little more expensive
Pretty sure it was like 180
at that point to hear the CD
You know what? I've done that
Because when Rival Schools
the evolution for Rival Schools came out
I had that shit
I paid 120 bucks for that
Alright
Well we gotta go to break you guys
because we still have plenty of show coming up
and we're like 2 hours into the show
so we're gonna skedaddle through part B
so we can get to your calls, your emails and much more
when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio
right after this
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio
live on this Sunday evening
December the 14th of 2014
the 579th episode of our show
We're running a little long tonight
because we had an awesome interview
with the guys from Cooking with Unity
and you know what? Can't complain
if that's gonna hold us and make us run a little long
it's for damn good reason
as you know, encouraging people to get out there
and create and make games
it was a great interview, a great time
We are gonna try to make up a little of the time
here by running through some more news
here with our rapid fire news
Loki! Yes, so let's talk a little bit
about free stuff
and this is awesome
You know, Origin does
these kind of free games
for a while, on the house
they call it, and they've been swapping
out different games and pretty much
this is my entire Origin collection anyways
but SimCity 2000 is now up for grabs
so you can
get that for free if you have
the Origin client installed on your system
and check it out
and then I guess they said
normally they're also offering
I guess the $5 special edition
oh, it was the $5 special edition
that they were offering on the house
pretty cool
so go check it out, rather old SimCity game
and it's not a bad SimCity game
and then of course
with the popularity of
Theatrythm Final Fantasy
we are now gonna be seeing
Theatrythm Dragon Quest
as a next game coming out
from Square Enix
kind of along the same lines
except now instead of music from the Final Fantasy series
you'll have music from the Dragon Quest series
and it's expected now
to be coming out in Japan
on the 3DS
March 26, 2015
there's yet ones coming over the west
but you better believe it probably will at some point
well, I assume some of the music
will come from Dragon Quest X
which is a game we don't even have here yet
but I guess Theatrythm Curtain Call
had some Final Fantasy games that weren't out here
either yet anyway
with the Type-0
I don't know, I don't think it's as sure of a thing
as you seem to think
I think that they would bring it over here
I hope so, if nothing else
just freaking make it a digital only game
and buy it, exactly
and then Final Fantasy
X and X-2
are getting another
well, a port
of the HD remaster
so I don't even know how much better it's going to look
but it's going to be coming now to
PlayStation 4
and they said that it's going to be priced
at $50
so next spring
PlayStation 4, Final Fantasy X and X-2
almost pretty much a year since the last one
was released on PlayStation 3
so
I don't know, I'll check it out I guess
they haven't really said what's going to be unique about it
other than that there's going to be some system exclusive features
thanks
that's very vague
I worry when they say
system exclusive features
that means share play
and broadcasting on Twitch
because those are features that are built into the system
I really would take that
to mean nothing more than
just things that are on the PS4 that aren't on the PS3
I think that they're just porting it, I don't think it's going to look any better
I would not
get your hopes up about this at all
and then
unless you have a PS4 and not a PS3
then get your hopes up
and then finally they've confirmed that the
Final Fantasy XV demo will be
exclusive to day one copies of Type 0
HD
it will not be coming out separately
they're saying it's intended to be
a special gift for those who purchase
early
so pre-order that game if you want it
the demo
and they're saying that
is that going to be coming to North America as well
or is that just the Japanese copies
because I'm not really sure yet on that
Final Fantasy XV
or I should say Final Fantasy
Type 0 HD
March 17
2015
lots of stuff to look forward to
and we have to buy an early
copy so I can play the demo
it looks good
I would have bought the game anyway
but for the demo
certainly that just cements it
alright well moving on to some other quick news here
as far as expos and conventions
go GX3
which was once known as
GamerX3
GX3 has been dated for next
year this is now moving from a
summer convention to a winter convention
we knew that was going to happen but it is now
dated December 11th through 13th
and they have a new venue
they have moved it out of San Francisco
it will now be in San Jose
at the San Jose area
is that less of a drive or
more of a drive?
it's more of a drive but quicker because of traffic
and less of a cost ideally
yeah and actually they're saying
they haven't said officially but they're saying that the rooms
will be like $100 cheaper a night
this year so that's already
which is funny you know what's funny if you go back and listen
to some of the talk I said
on an earlier show when I was kind of summarizing GamerX
I said they really should think about moving it to
San Jose and they can have it
there's the convention center and all the hotels right there
well guess where the Marriott is?
it's one of the hotels connected to the convention center
so I like to think
I called it and maybe I helped
see I used to say like Santa Clara
would have been a good place but now that they built the Niner
stadium right next to it that's probably not good anymore
and you know there are some people are very
happy to hear it's moving to San Jose because it's closer
to him some people where San Francisco is closer
not as happy to hear about it
I think at the end of the day
you know you don't hear a lot of bad stuff about
this con by the way disclosure
or whatever or encouragement VOG
network is a sponsor of GX3
we will have a table at the show
myself and Dark Soccer are for sure going
I'm hoping Loki can go depending on
the situation we'll see I have a year notice
just for one day if nothing else
I would like to go I haven't been to a con
in I don't know
a very long time
well you'd have a good time here so
again it's December 11-13 at the San Jose
Marriott and tickets are available right
now and they have all different
levels and platforms right now the cheapest
is $70
to $5.95 but if you really do want to
go Loki let's talk off air because
I have an opportunity for you
alright
that is that so GX3
will see you there in December
moving on to some more stories about
The Witcher 3 is up next
Witcher 3 got delayed and
this is what I think the second time
this game has been delayed it's been pushed back
now from February to
May 19th is the new date
and a big apology letter going
up on the Witcher.com the official site
we owe you an apology we set the release
day too hastily it's a hard lesson
wanted to take heart for the future you know what
you know what exactly I rather
you push it back like EA
do with Dragon Age Inquisition and Battlefield
and have it be a good game when it comes out
then to put it out like Assassin's Creed
you know I don't
we'll wait the extra three months
I realize you're going to get shit from Twitter now
like oh you pushed it back again
can't make your deadline
but when the game comes out if the game kicks
a lot of ass then people
are going to shut the hell up about the delays
and enjoy the game or Grand Theft Auto
right Loki that series never gets delayed
well yeah exactly and
it's not and people aren't complaining
because well they're just complaining because
they don't get to play as early as they'd like
to and that's really you know
that's not a bad thing
alright and lastly
it's your last chance to check out
After Burner Climax
now this game came out a little while ago
but it is going to be delisted from
Xbox Live Arcade and Playstation Network
on Christmas Eve December 24th
so if you were at all interested
in the game you might want to grab it because again
it will be pulled on December 24th
and you will not be able to buy it
if you should accidentally delete the game
or something you can download it again
that won't be a problem but this has to do
with some of the license
agreements between Sega and the
aircraft makers of some of the
planes that are in the game those license agreements are
expiring so much like
Outrun got delisted
and you know some other things that have licensed
content and they get delisted
that's why it is fictional aircraft
that are like those aircraft
fictional aircraft
that's why Ridge Racer was so cool because they have fictional
cars or Punch Out when they just replaced
Mike Tyson with Mr. Dream it was easy
but anyway alright well whatever
they got to do what they got to do so After Burner
if you want to get that last chance Dark Sakura
we do have
other news
there is something going to be
on the Virtual Console only in Japan
and that is Vampire Hunter
I'm sorry, yeah Vampire
Killer my apologies which is the
predecessor to the Castlevania
series so
it was
originally
Akuma Jill Dracula which
we got as Vampire Killer over
in the English speaking countries
but it was a little bit
more open ended so you should be seeing
that coming out on
the Wii U Virtual Console if you live in Japan
on December 17th which boo
that it's not coming out here
get an MSX yo
just order one off
Japanese eBay
Yahoo Auctions or whatever they use over there
just go to US eBay
also Bravely
2nd will be released on April 23rd
and it comes with some neat stuff in the
collector's edition
I actually super love the packaging
it's just black and white and gorgeous
it also
comes with a Pope Agnes
figure Bravely
default 200 years later Shrine Maiden
of the Wind idea
you get a
an art book and a novel
a soundtrack on a data
CD a notebook
a Magnolia rubber stamp
and code for in game content
so neat oh
and then
remember how I said the only thing coming
out in Europe was Baldur's Gate 2
for Android
I do recall you saying that well this is actually
Baldur's Gate 2 Enhanced Edition
going to be out on Linux
Android and iOS on December 16th
and it's also going to
have
the update
1.3 that has bug fixes
better pathfinding, improved multiplayer
German and Spanish
language support
with some other languages thrown in
increased font size and MOA
and it will be $10
and that's it
alright let's go to
the FUGL question of the week
it's my vehicle
ha ha
each week we visit
Facebook and Google Plus
you slam that together you get FUGL and we ask
a question of our communities
and tonight we wanted to know you know we were talking about creation
tonight we knew that was going to be a theme
of the show tonight so we asked our audience
what's something you've created
in the video game world did you program a small
game or work on a large one maybe you made
levels for a game of yours what did you
create we also kind of put in there if you really
really really haven't made anything
a. we hope you start
b. what do you hope to create someday
so a couple
different questions there depending on your situation
act deaf starts us off on Google Plus
saying the closest I've been to video game
programming has been translation
I haven't been directly involved in it but I
helped some friends with translations and editing
hey you know what important
very important I wouldn't have got to play
Final Fantasy 5 when I did if it hadn't been
for some people translating the original
Super Nintendo ROM
translation didn't end up perfect but at least it got me
through the game so translation important
role makes the game more accessible to people
Redertainment in chat
saying there's a book I put out a couple years
ago that no one read called volume 11
when I originally dreamed it up it was supposed to be
a stealth action game complete with long sections
spent sneaking around and trying to avoid groups
of people looking to kill you and all of
your people since I have no visual
artistic skill and coding is hard
volume 11 became a
book so interesting you had like a game
idea that ultimately you poured into a book
very interesting
let's check out some of the answers over on
Facebook Raginator says back in my elementary
school days I modded
an edutainment typing game
originally called turtle trot
during the down time at the end of
computer class I made it a very
obscene pervy renaming it turtle
twat and the game talked dirty to
you and made poop and fart
jokes you alright over there dark sara
unexpected turtle
unexpected twat oh what
Raginator making a game out of poop and
fart jokes is unexpected I beg
to differ
no I mean just I was
the word twat to me
is intensely hilarious
and whenever I hear it
I just
twat are you talking about I can't hear you
I thought you live on twat avenue
that was the old one sorry
anyway one thing I
wish to make is a new OLR dream
game a moral combat clone or parody
featuring wilford brimley the golden
girls matt lock angela
landsbury etcetera
which I entitled in the chat room earlier
as smash tv land
love it or golden gladiators
golden gladiators love it
monty boggs says in banjo
kazooie nuts and bolts there was a mission
to defend a statue from enemy planes for a
set time instead of building
a combative plane as most would I
created a giant cone cover with
propellers to simply cover the statue
and absorb all the damage that
game was fantastic at rewarding
creativity so kind of
talking about a game there that has
you create as part of the game
mechanics
febreeze mentions on facebook
I programmed a version of the tron light
cycle game for a school project
I really want to pick up programming again but don't know
what to choose there's so many programming
languages I have no idea where to start or
which is the most useful well I hope you got something
out of tonight's show I do have
a dream game I want to make a pure
sega arcade racer like daytona
sega rally and
those awesome games well surely
he knows about that kickstarter from a few
months ago right yes exactly
that looks pretty awesome and
er says I did some flash games in high school as
part of my web design class pretty much
all were clones of existing games for
example one was a mario clone where
you played as link nintendo ripped me
off for nes remix now
I know he said that comment very tongue in cheek
but it made me think of when people used to hack roms
like people put
zelda in mario because they would hack the
rom and put the little
picture of link in there although
I realize it's a questionable
legality territory the reality
is people have done it and some people got
their start doing it and of course
you know somebody made like super penis
brothers where they were all naked yep
they did we played all of those roms
to see who they were and and they're all
garbage and
uh
dark tetsuya says I've been writing games off
and on ever since I learned basic on the apple
2 series back in the day wrote some simple
dragons lair esque text adventures
uh twine sounds
right up your alley dark tetsuya because that's uh
what that does text adventures uh lately
I've been tinkering with programs like the games
factory writing some simple arcade
style games and other game makers the
most recent of which is called construct 2
the first paid edition is pretty
pricey but the free one does plenty
if you're just getting your feet wet
and lastly steven d on
facebook says I was 8 in
1984 and my friend's father made
us a little stand up arcade cabinet with a back
board to be used for the screen we
drilled pathways in the back board and would
take leds on hangers
and move them around like spaceships
can't remember what we did for the controller but
it was awesome
so there you go a lot of uh cool little
answers very diverse the way people have been
making their games uh on
facebook and google plus
uh hopefully lots more people gonna
participate in our game jam
the vog game jam all the details
next week and you know I realized
something by the way I as much
as I would love to give a tangible prize
to everybody that participates I have to
pay shipping on everything out of my own pocket
so it probably it probably will be limited
to like 10 something
and we can take any leftovers
that we have still we'll take with us to
gx next year I have lots of steam codes left
over so there's always digital stuff
that's true there is a lot of digital stuff
so we'll try to put it all together this week
honestly talk of this idea
started on thursday
and I loved it so much I was like we
need to make it happen and bobby put a good
idea out there he said well people
should probably have the holidays to work on their
projects cause a lot of people have downtime
from work I was like oh crap you're right
so we better make it happen fast so
we will anyway let's
get on to some more news tonight
we have a few more stories for you guys Loki
alright so as much as I like
the call of duty series the last few years it's been
kind of not doing as well as
it used to it used to be kind of record
setting each year where it would sell
out you know beyond
what you know the previous years edition
did and unfortunately that
kind of gone downhill since
I want to say black ops
2 which is sad
because black ops 2 is actually a really good title
but they're saying
basically advance warfare
is down
27% year over year
and that's
that's not good and that's
kind of sad cause I thought that was gonna be a
little bit more of an interesting
game but I guess people
just aren't getting the call of duty as much as
ever and honestly they're just
milking it too much maybe they need to
sleep it for a year maybe
I think it
they tried some different stuff with it but it
still did feel a little bit like black ops
2
I don't know it's
it's an interesting game it's just
and
maybe it's just not peeling maybe it's
not different enough year over year where people
are like yeah I don't really need to
get this one I
can understand that and honestly like
even like the new mechanics in the game it does
enhance some things but it's not
you know completely
different but I don't know
I mean you know like Madden
and stuff like that they enhance things and they don't really
change everything so
people still buy that
it did well it still was you know one of the
best selling games this year it's just
unfortunately not a lot of people
are buying it I think also still
we're kind of in that phase where maybe
people are picking it up right now because they're
gonna pick it up on another console later on once
they decide to you know bump up
to a current gen console
maybe that's the situation
or maybe they're skipping it this year because
they're saving up for that console or maybe
because there's too many fucking games that
come out you know in the month of November and
October I think it
could be a lot of those things or
you know there was this big shooter game that came
out that was kind of an MMO called Destiny
that did really well
so I think
a lot of those factors play into it but
I think if next year if it's
kind of still
on the down turn then maybe they have
milked all they can out of it
I don't think that they have
but maybe I'm sure
they'll try to figure it out maybe go back to
World War II again I don't know
do something different
maybe you should fucking buy the rights
of time splitters and put out a new time splitters
game because that's really what I would want to see
now you're fishing now you're fishing I know
well maybe people aren't playing the new Call of Duty
because they can't let go of the shooters they've
been playing for like seven years now
one of those big popular
shooter games is Team Fortress 2
it's also popular because
it's free and Team Fortress 2
is going to be getting a new
I guess update
I don't want to say expansion because they're calling it an update
but the update is called End of the Line
and I went oh does that mean this is
the last one and Team Fortress 3
imminent? Not really
can't count to three
even though End of the Line will have
21 cosmetic items
and it'll have a new taunt for the pyro
and a new multi-class melee weapon
and apparently a big
focus on ducks
like collectible ducks and duck tokens
and so forth okay this whole
thing is actually based on a community film
that's actually also called
End of the Line so they were
oh my god is it
oh that sounds awesome then because that film
was fucking rad so
yeah it's a fan film that runs
14 minutes on End of the Line
yes yes please more
of that that is pretty that is pretty rad
it is something that they are
building into the
official canon then of Team Fortress 2
so lots of folks looking forward
to that and bless Valve
for keeping this game going that
honestly you know with
some of those Team Fortress 2 videos
you're missing that VoG Team Fortress server
right about now aren't you no no no
I once again
too much stuff to play but I
honestly would love to see a
Team Fortress movie I think that would be awesome
because they have some really great characters
they have a lot of machinima they do but
I would love to see something that was like a few
hours long that was actually in theaters you know
Seattle in our chat room not a fan saying
End of the Line was such a disappointment
Tigerclaw in chat says
they should have partnered with Disney and done
End of Line as DLC to dress up your characters
as Tron characters that's what I said
when I first saw the story I was like
oh shit is Tron in Team Fortress oh
it's End of the Line
got it that's what everybody says
our guild in Final Fantasy is actually
called End of Line and it's because of Tron
but we get like people
send tells their ass all the time shouldn't it be
End of the Line
no in this case
it is End of Line because it is a quote
from a movie anyway
and also it was a legit
statement command
I know I know
anyhow Dark Soccer
you got some legit news for us
I do
actually you know
Valve had the big holiday
auction thing going on
they actually had to shut it down
and restart the holiday auction
because
there were some activity done
by a few people
where they were
basically just
let me
start over basically they figured out
there was a Reddit thread that said
that there were some weird
things going on basically that you could
use a duplication exploit
and people were exploiting it
and they were just getting tons
of freebies
you know by
actually even creating a second hand market
to sell gems for
money so
basically Valve just
rebooted it started it over
and have been doing
the cases
item by item so
they just started it over they're like
fuck you guys for doing this we're just starting it over
screw you guys I'm going home
well yeah
no but I mean
it sucks that people have to
I don't know anyway
if you've got a system that someone
I know that has a manipulation
in it I know
I know it just sucks it's the holidays
people
people are monsters I know
it sucks
alright so twitch kind
of going the route of esports
because they know that that's popular
and hell a lot of people
stream their esports stuff on
twitch so it makes sense
that they've acquired
Goodgame which I guess
they're saying it's a company that the world's
first full service agency dedicated
to esports and live video game
broadcasting communities
so is that like a recruiter
I don't know but basically
there is a good game has an amazing
reputation in the industry for its
expertise in both sponsors
sponsorship sales and talent
support their passion for helping
the content creators and pro players achieve
success has elevated the entire
industry in the minds of
brands worldwide so it's kind of
like a promoter you know
talent scout type thing it sounds like
I'm sure now
that you know
it would be a good angle for them to go I guess
because esports are pretty big
and they kind of have the
grasp of you know
streaming on their site so
I don't know
advertisers
interesting
apparently
I didn't see how much so they purchased them for
but
it'll be interesting to see how they take
that if they're going to try to maybe make
esports more like
well mainstream
it's interesting to see twitch acquiring companies
when they themselves were just acquired by Amazon
I mean I realize that you know it's still
in a lot of ways business as usual
but it's just interesting that all those chess pieces
are moving the way they are well now that they have
an extra almost billion dollars to do
that with they could probably spend
some of that you know on this
kind of thing we're for sale by the way no I'm kidding
I'm kidding alright moving on
talking about games
for windows yeah no really
I'm going to talk about games for windows or at least
what the hell is Microsoft's future
in gaming on the PC
because we don't really know a whole lot
about what that has in store
you know we talk about things like valve and
all these other store in fronts you know Microsoft
wants a piece of that and they've tried before
and surely they're going to come back
at some point and what's interesting
is there's been a
tweet that Phil Spencer
actually responded to
the tweet asked Phil Spencer
Phil can we expect some UI
footage of windows 10 on
xbox one in January
and Phil responded to it saying
I'll be focusing more on what we are
doing on windows 10 in January
it's time for us to talk
about gaming on windows
hmm so
what are they going to do with windows 10
a new store that's so exciting
I can't wait to
see what windows 10 brings
nope sorry I don't care
I honestly I'm just like
you know they've it seems like Microsoft likes
to try to do things that other people
do and don't get
me wrong they do a great job
on their gaming platform but as far as
like some of the other platforms
that they try like PC is a
art phones and tablets
and you know
mp3 players haven't
exactly been stellar and
like I'd say their PC storefront
is not
excellent but I would
assume that whatever this is going to be is
going to tie together xbox one
as well as
you know windows phone
as well as the PC
I know the idea
is that they want you know
those cross platform applications
to where okay say I get
you know
say I buy a game or something
on my PC
well it runs on my PC it now runs
on my xbox one and it runs on my phone
is the perfect world scenario
of that but I just
I don't know I just don't think
anyone's really really care
what exclusive apps could you possibly
have that would
that anyone really
really care if they ran across all those platforms
minecraft
yeah but minecraft already is on those other
platforms minecraft 2
cool I guess
I'm waiting to see that
that seems to be
that's going to be the key piece I'm very curious
to see if that's that's what they pull out
and put out on the table that's
their only card I mean then that's
I mean cool that well it's an expensive
card exactly their ace of spades
and more power
to them if that helps drive their
platform but you can't
just run a platform
it's just like me okay I have origin
installed in my system because I wanted to play
titanfall I played the
titanfall demo I didn't uninstall it but doesn't
mean I'm shopping for games on origin
I mean that's the same thing with minecraft 2
I will buy it on
their store if this is the only way I can
buy the game is through their storefront then sure I'll
buy it through their storefront doesn't mean I'm going to use their
storefront to buy more games
I just I don't know what they're
trying to do with it whatever let's see
I really want to see what windows 10
does to enhance the experience of the
xbox one that's what I'm curious to see
that and directx 12
or whatever it is that they're on now
I'm curious to see how
because that's actually supposed to do a little bit more
but we'll see I mean
don't fuck it
up
good advice good advice
some comments in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
bonds 006
says they killed game for windows
and I won't go back
rama is saying that windows 10 is pretty fucking sweet
I haven't
I guess they do have the whole like preview build
or whatever but I haven't really checked it out
I feel like when it comes to OS's
I don't want to screw around with something that's not
like finished
if I had an extra computer
maybe but I don't really have that luxury
alright
let us get to the
mailbag every week you guys send us
emails
participate at orange lounge radio
.com and usually
dark soccer will dive in head first and read the
emails but I believe I'm doing it tonight right
yes because dark soccer
is still got a little bit of the voice we don't want her
to use it too much
she has to use her
she needs her voice
for complaining
not to read emails tonight
alright
I'm going to read some emails here instead
so let's get to it
I'm going to go ahead and stop the music now
because I got to multitask here
so let's go to AZHP first off tonight
saying just wanted to submit a small
correction from last week's podcast
where Rob stated that instead of Marvel
or Star Wars being included or considered
for Kingdom Hearts 3 that it would only
be frozen that would be added to the game
I pulled a quote from the source interview
which will clarify the vague quote Rob
quoted last week well how dare you try
to correct me on something how dare you insinuate
that I thought that was a joke not necessarily
well let's get
to the quote that AZHP
emails us here saying and by the way I'm kidding
AZHP says when I asked whether
I could safely infer that Star Wars
and Marvel are not off limits
Yase confirmed
that they are being considered well
yeah they're all under consideration he
said nothing's off limits we're considering
all of the worlds there are so many
wonderful concepts we're happy about
that but at the same time it's really tough
to choose the
email goes on from AZHP
while I would honestly prefer if Star Wars and Marvel
were in Kingdom Hearts 3 myself
since I would prefer more cartoony characters
in the game I wanted to let you guys know that it
actually is what they're considering
that sounded like
though honestly thank you for the clarification
but that did sound like a lot of a non-answer
answer he just said
oh yeah you know we're considering everything
but it's so hard to choose and
I'm not telling you shit
I still stand by
what I said last week though that Frozen's
got a better chance of either of these things
on showing up in the game
real world stuff doesn't always tend to show up
in Kingdom Hearts I do realize Pirates of the
Caribbean made an appearance
that was a pretty rare exception and that's still
a very very very very
Disney grown thing at heart
I just
you know when we talked about this
story last week we were coming off all this other
Frozen mania and I just
I just see it happening
for Kingdom Hearts 3
that doesn't mean the other stuff can't happen
but I just don't get your
hopes up people don't get your hopes up Star Wars
has their own line of video games as does
Marvel I think in some ways
it would be really weird if they showed up in
Kingdom Hearts I wouldn't hate it I'd actually
kind of like it but it does make
sense to instead
showcase these other properties that may
never show up otherwise I don't know
regardless it was a huge
non-answer answer in my opinion and
we just we don't know we're going to continue
to speculate and fan wank
all the way until we see some
more concrete information I would assume
at the next E3 maybe
actually it'll probably be two years from now because next E3
will be all about Final Fantasy 15
maybe in 2016 we can finally
fucking talk about Kingdom Hearts
yyr emails us
saying I found the discussion on
quote games that define last generation
from last week's show to be really interesting
partially because I'm not quite certain that one can
define last generation with a list of games at all
how do we define define
anyway I would take it to mean something like
this games that have the look and feel
made possible by that generation
and that influenced many games to
come both as part of that
generation and for generations afterwards
it's easy to put games like Super Mario
Brothers Sonic the Hedgehog and Final Fantasy
7 on lists such as this but the
sheer length of time between last generation and this
one along with a massive number of and diversity
of titles released makes this almost
impossible gaming has transformed since
the release of the 360, PS3 and Wii
some things that define the generation
for me include the Gears of War trilogy
the introduction of achievements
the first Dead Rising, the indie games channel
and the availability of online fighting games
these are all revolutionary in their own way
but for many people none of these things will have
even been on their radar which leads
me to my point there is just too much
about this generation to fit on a short list
for example I personally
wouldn't define it with such events as the rise
of motion gaming or the popularity
of the American music game because outside
of the genre faithful
both of these turned out to be fads and are no
longer popular at all but
both definitely belong on a bullet list
of things that defined it for many people
it's just that this will wind up becoming a very very
very long list don't forget that
the very same hardware that ran the brand new
Grand Theft Auto 5 also ran the brand new
Ridge Racer 6 with an 8 year
gap in between I guess what I'm trying to say
is this I would not want to attempt taking
on this task because I believe it would be nearly
impossible let me stop
there because the rest of the email gets into something else
it is a huge task
but so is trying to name the game of the
year yet people seem to do it
anyway and I think it's really too hard sometimes
to name just one game of the year
and that's going to change from person to person
just depending on your experiences
and you know what you like and that's
why diversity is great because everybody
brings different things to the table
I do want to clarify though I don't know if
the rise of motion gaming was a reference to
Wii Sports but I just want to clarify
I put Wii Sports on
not just because of the motion gaming
but because the accessibility is a huge thing
and more people that started playing
games as a result
but I would agree with the fact that it is very
hard
to define the one game
that changed the generation that is a very hard thing
to do but I could try to pick
the one that I think
is a huge opinion I think
did it the most out of all of them
and that's why I picked Wii Sports and I think Wii Sports
out of all of them did it the most
but certainly is not the only game
that would define a generation which you're right
is kind of a vague concept to begin with
but then again so is game of the year
does that mean the best game the most fun
game the prettiest game
who knows
anyway the rest of the email here from
YYR also thank you for the information
on the upcoming Wii U CD-ROM attachment
but the latest news suggests that while it is capable
of playing CD-ROM discs it will not
actually allow users of the Wii U to play
music CDs oh well
finally thank you for suggesting a subtitle for
Pixel Shits 2 projectile explosive
diarrhea however I heard
the PED is illegal for most athletes
some game developers and
a few podcasters
anyone else play Acrophobia back in the day?
Aaron YYR
uh yes yes
really I played
Acrophobia back in the day I sure did
that was a fun game that's why
I think that's why I do have
such a soft spot for like when we had the
uh guys from Jackbox Games on a couple weeks ago
cause a lot of the old Berkeley stuff
like that's where most of them ended up
so uh that's why I probably have a
soft spot cause I loved the old
uh Berkeley games
alright lastly but not leastly
actdeft emails us hello
from your friendly neighborhood Mexican actdeft
you know how amiibos have been actually
quite popular running out in places and even
selling for more than their worth but so
far the only game that has given them some use is
Smash Brothers granted they're still new
and all but I hope that Nintendo does more with
them in the future and try to give them more than
an quote use an amiibo
in game to unlock items thing that they have
going right now in fact I do have
an idea I think it's a really great one
since Animal Crossing Wii U is apparently
coming either next year or in 2016
it will probably have amiibo support
but instead of just giving you items in game to decorate
your house how about they make the amiibo unlock
a neighbor of that same character
like you place the Kirby amiibo on the game pad
and the game will give you Kirby as a
neighbor for your town wouldn't it be fantastic
having your regular neighbors and special
neighbors maybe have the amiibos
live in an apartment complex or something like that
oh see I like that idea it would be like
um Tomodachi life or something
where they all live in a building
I posted this idea on other sites like Reddit
and got a somewhat mixed reception
as you will get on Reddit
but I wanted to know what you guys in the chatters
and other emails or callers think of this idea
anyways thanks for reading hope you're having a great Sunday
and he does end with a PS
I have a code for Super Street Fighter 4 Arcade
Edition on Steam and since I got the Lego
movie code for PS Vita a few weeks back
I thought I should pay it forward
or back I don't know either any of you
can keep it or give it away in chat
enjoy well thank you for that
steam code I'm going to put that
over in the prize pool for the vog jams
there you go that's the first thing going in the prize pool
steam code for Super Street Fighter 4
Arcade Edition on Steam we'll just put that in the prize pool
for people to participate
um as far as the part
about amiibos your idea is cool
um
I do realize Nintendo had
to kind of back the car in so to speak
with amiibos as far as
you know what they did with Hyrule Warriors
what they did with Mario Kart and so forth
so I don't judge them too
harshly on
what they did there
however I think the really telling
thing is going to be what do they do in
next year's games
the one to really keep an eye on in my
opinion I want to know how those
amiibo will work in
Splatoon I think
however amiibos function
is in Splatoon is going to be very
telling for the future of amiibo
is that what it's going to be hats
is it just going to be have amiibo unlock
crap or would there possibly be
that you could play some of those characters in Splatoon
or that you would level
up maybe you have the hat but you're kind of
doing like a level up thing that's the one thing I like
about the amiibo is that you're leveling it up
but it's like if I level it up in Smash
then what? I think that they're doing too much
I mean I don't have a problem with
them doing like the unlock crap stuff
because honestly it's unreasonable to
expect them to incorporate every single amiibo
that they're ever going to create into
all of these games like I shouldn't be able to play
Mario in like
Hyrule Warriors although
I would totally love
to see a kingdom was it
a mushroom kingdom warriors or something like that
would be fucking amazing but
I understand that it's unreasonable
for me to expect them to have
all these characters playable in every single
I mean Wii Fit Trainer it doesn't make any sense
I have a good idea here's my idea I'm going to pitch out there
Mario Maker is coming out soon
right? What if
in Mario Maker there's certain
new things not existing things
new things that you can use
if you have an amiibo
that you've leveled up to a certain
point in some other game
so for example like
maybe I get a Kirby picture
that I can have in a stage somewhere
or Kirby music oh even better
I get Kirby music and if I have the amiibo
I can use one song in a stage
yes I know I'm talking Kirby music in Mario
but roll with me here but maybe if I've
leveled my Kirby fighter to level
30 in Smash Brothers then I have a
second song I can use or maybe it just skins
everything to Kirby yeah
or maybe changes the colors to Kirby colors
or like you can have
like you know for Yoshi it changes everything
Yoshi Island style or something
but I love the idea of I would have to
and this would be really smart for Nintendo to do
you have to do something in this game over here to make it happen
over here but maybe not necessarily restricted
to just one game I kind of think
the amiibo should level up as a
whole so that way like
okay I level it in Smash Brothers
but then if I want to push it even further
and even though it might not do anything in Smash Brothers
my like amiibo level I would
use it Mario Kart and then I would use it Mario Maker
it'd be cool if like they'd have different
stats or something like you could up you know
if I play them in Smash Brothers become stronger
and you know they
gain fighting skills or something like that where if I
play them in Mario Kart
they gain driving skills or something
doesn't necessarily mean if I have a level
50 amiibo in Smash Brothers that's
good at driving or something I don't know
it's an easy thing to balance but
you know Nintendo has
gone down this path and I think there's a lot of really
awesome shit that they could do with this
but I just worry is Nintendo
going to be too stubborn to do it as
they often are I don't know
and maybe amiibos are too popular for their own
good I don't know
Tigerclaw in chat says they're probably
going to make amiibos specific to Splatoon no
doubt well with
as much as those things are selling
why not make more more more more
alright that's it for the mailbag if you want to participate
with the mailbag in a future week participate
at orangelaungeradio.com
let's get into the FUs
of the week
it might sound a little bit odd
there's a lot
of positive posts going on
about people
you know how people will do
romance mods for games
oh well I want to be able to romance
this person even though they're straight
or I want to romance this person even though
they're gay and there's a bunch of people
going around saying well you can't
change a person's sexuality don't
do it for the game
don't take but
then these are the same people who are also
shipping characters
in TV shows that are
canonically of a different
sexuality if it's
wrong to do it in one genre it's
wrong to do it in another genre
and it doesn't just apply
to wanting to make
homosexual characters straight it also
applies the other way around it applies to
wanting to make asexual characters
have attraction to
bits or something
respect the
way the author or the
creator of the universe has said it
they're not in control of it no more
than real people are in control of it
if you are going to write your
fiction I have no problem with you exploring
themes but accept that
it is not actually the way
that it was intended
and that you are creating an alternate universe
the end okay so I was just gonna say
devil's advocate like if somebody
is making fantasy
and that's fantasy then that's fine as long
as they acknowledge it as fantasy
there are people who say this is
like they'll try to insert
canon it's not
canon but don't push your fantasy
on everybody else exactly
and there are people out there saying oh well
it's just another canon no no no
it's an alternate reality
canon refer canon means the author
wrote it the word canon
relate originated with
religious canon in
a religious doctrine in this
case canon refers to something that is the
way that the author created you can
have a head canon which is
your addition to things that
happen in the canon that might
be plausible
in the canon but when you go
and you change something that
is completely outside canon
and
your little fantasy world does
not apply to how the author
created it and I'm writing a book now so I
start thinking about these things
and I was like I don't want people to take
this asexual character
that I'm writing and make
them you know completely interested in
this guy's dick no
dick's gross that's
how I'm writing her so
hey you know what else is not you know what else is not
canon the Star Wars
extended universe aww
too soon indeed
I approve of that one Rob
low key
um I guess
just the fact that I haven't had a lot
of time to work on the programming
stuff I literally get sometimes
at work just like 15 minutes
and it's just not enough time to even
sit down and open my laptop and
work on anything just
can't switch my
train of thought to something
different so it's kind of disappointing
you know that's all
uh my FU
goes to I have a
crazy week at work ahead I like
my job and all but oh my god FU
to the fact that I probably have to get up at 6 am tomorrow
not looking forward to that thanks
means I have to be in bed in less than an hour
that's not going to happen if I want 8 hours of sleep
that won't happen we all know that
alright uh
there it is the FUs of the week just a couple more stories
for you guys then we're going to quickly take some calls
but I warn you guys I'm not keeping the skype line
open very often if we don't get calls
we're wrapping up cause like I just said
I have to be at work I have to be up
really early tomorrow so uh
we will allow though it is the show
where every gamer has a voice so if you do want to call in
we will take a couple quick calls
uh a couple
quick stories here at the end though
so it's hard to believe that OC Remix has been around
for 15 years but that's
what they're celebrating is 15 years of
independent remixes
of video game music and that's pretty cool
in fact including with that
they have um
some new tracks
that they've been putting together 15 new
remixes uh that
from 15 different game consoles
and this is all in celebration
of you know
15 years and
man they've even had all these different
uh
albums that they put out I mean it's just
crazy I can't believe that they've
been around that long
yeah my gosh and sg100matt sums it up
perfectly in chat shit 15 years
god I feel old yep pretty much
pretty much that's how I feel too but
congrats to them I mean
I look back on this show and I go god 12 years
it must be like the oldest fucking thing on the internet but nope
OC Remix has us beat
OC Remix has us beat good job guys
uh lastly
but not leastly
prepare your wallet because uh
the steam holiday sale
oh it's coming
December 18th is the day
now this is now keep in mind Valve
hasn't announced this but this is
coming through some Japanese paypal
users apparently uh
some correspondence went out to them revealing
the launch of December 18th
uh a reddit user actually shared
the email that they received which
does mention that the sale will start on December
18th and run through January
2nd of course we do not
know what the uh thing will
entail but if it's if it's like
any previous steam sale you know it's gonna
be on sale everything
except maybe the new new
releases and the stuff that's still commanding
$60 call of duty will not be on sale
call of duty well you never know even call of duty
if it's not selling so well
maybe they'll even knock it down take a page from
Shadow of Mordor and I'm not even sure why Shadow
of Mordor is marked down so much but
shit that game was like
half off for like a long time
it just came out
I don't think it was selling that bad of course
uh Valve not commenting on these
rumors but uh of course but this is
how it's leaked out in the past so
it doesn't it makes perfect sense that's right
alright uh we're gonna open up the Skype line
right now here's your chance 1877
game OLR or our username on
Skype is orange launch radio if you want to talk
about anything we've talked about so far on
the show or something else uh
meanwhile let me just check in real quick if we have any
last minute stories from Loki while we wait for a call
uh
they have a
cool hack that's going on for
uh remote play that you can get it to work on
an android phone
that's kind of neat I don't think that's
actually um yeah
it's uh an app that they have that
you can actually use a tablet device or
something to do remote play
on in case you don't have a Vita
alright we are gonna go to the phones
cause it's lighting up hi you're on orange launch radio
who's this uh hello this
this is Hitstun hey Hitstun how are you
we haven't heard from you in a long time what's up
yeah I'm doing alright I'm the man that used to do tech support
for the fastest internet in the chat
hahaha nice
alright um I'm really excited
you guys are doing like the vog jam
a game jam here that sounds great
me too so
officially count me in on that
yes that's awesome
I'm pretty hyped for that I'm hyped for it too
you know and it's scary uncharted
territory cause who knows people may
hate the theme but uh I think
you'll find a way to work with it even if you end up
hating the theme I think people will find a way to work
with it cause it doesn't mean that has to be
the central theme of your game you know or whatever
uh and it's scary I don't know if you can do worse
than the most recent Ludum Dare though
oh entire game on one screen
that's what they picked oh wow
uh like that you could do anything
with that but it's a little too wide you
know um when you guys are picking a theme
like I mean try to
try to give something that at least gives
us a little bit of direction about what the game
should be about or like a topic maybe
well I would think you know even if we did
something like Puzzle Sluts
like Puzzle Sluts maybe doesn't necessarily have
to be a puzzle game Puzzle Sluts
could be you know you're looking
for missing pieces of the puzzle
in a point and click adventure mystery game
you know what I mean like yeah and obviously I'm
making that up completely that's not
gonna be the theme but well that might be too
narrow but if you just do Sluts we might be
able to use more
we could do all kinds of games well
Puzzle Sluts, Fighting Sluts,
Action Sluts the ingredient is
Sluts!
Awesome!
So tune in next week to find out
that I'm really excited
about it and what's really exciting
is that we have a lot of people who have
experience jumping into
this like you know Bobby says
he'll do it you're gonna say you're gonna do it
YYR is gonna do it now even the
Cookie with Unity guys are saying
they're gonna they're gonna keep an eye on it and they might do it
too I know
right but remember this isn't about
quality and that's why I wanted to stress that because like
if somebody's like I don't
know how to like this
Unity stuff I don't have time it's too
scary like I appreciate it but you know what
I just want to make a slutty little big planet level
then cool
you know we want to do it
just don't get banned
So it'll be awesome to see what you guys come up with
Let's see
I don't really have to do Plug for the Instagib stream
because Raven's Dolphin did it for me last week
thanks dude
so instead I'm gonna Plug something else
there's a convention
coming up at the end of July
called Replay FX
I'll go ahead and
throw it in chat here but it's in Pittsburgh
and it's a gaming convention
and it's also attended by
PAPA, the Professional
and Amateur Pinball Association
also run out of Pittsburgh
and it's gonna have like 700 arcade machines
and I think, sorry
700 pinball
tables, 2000 arcade machines
and I'm kinda interested to see if there's
anyone else involved that's going to that
so we'll probably see without shakedown
maybe it'll be a forum topic or something
and we'll see
I don't know of a lot of listeners in the Pittsburgh area
at least I can't think of any off the top of my head
but if it's on the east coast
it's certainly possible Rama will go
yeah, that'll be cool
hopefully we can get Rama out of that one
I'm also going to PAX East
so I will see you there
yes, I will
pretty excited for that
and that's about it I think
alright, well hitstun I'm gonna let you go so we can try to
get a couple more calls in but excited to see
what comes out for the game jam
yep, doing my token
call in saying yeah I've been listening for 9
years and
keep going for a good 12 more
oh my gosh, we will try
that means so much, just don't tell me how old
you were when you first started listening because that always throws me
alright, have a good one
it's all good, have a good one
alright, take care
on orange lounge radio
we haven't heard from him in a long time
it's always good to hear from him
I love the people that call in all the time
but I love hearing from new people and
blast from the past as well
I was literally thinking of Jim Sally the other day
and I don't even remember what made me think of him
but I was like, we haven't gotten a call from Jim Sally
in so long
I must have, I heard a train
or somebody imitating a train
and I was like, oh my god, is Jim Sally here
I don't know, we got a call on the line, let's get to it
hi on orange lounge radio, who's this?
uh, yeah, this is Zormac
I'm sorry, Zormac?
I'm Zormac
oh yes, yes, yes, how are you my friend?
good, how are you?
am I coming okay? I don't know how well
we can hear you, it's a little bit
like a walkie talkie sound, but that's alright
it's good enough, we can hear you, what's up buddy
ok, great, so first of all
this talks to the
final hill 4
little music during the break
it was running late, I didn't get to hear the first part
but to just like, log in
and hear that was pretty awesome
um, well, Silent Hill 4
was actually our classic game of the week
this week, because believe it or not
that game is 10 years old
yeah, I uh, I actually remember
uh, running around
I'm not saying anything else, but
to play it at home, but uh, yeah
Silent Hill 4 The Room, correct?
correct
yeah, yeah, so I remember
playing that back in the day, it's been almost
forever, since I've actually heard it, so
uh, the other thing I wanted to talk about was
the
whole gaming, uh
people playing, making their own games and stuff
is that, could be a thing
that you guys are gonna start doing now, it looks
pretty interesting that you guys are
going into that, well, I wouldn't say
we're changing the whole show
but, you know, we're about
being the show where every gamer has a
voice, and I think one thing
you know, any show you watch on TV
is gonna have a story arc that
goes on for weeks and weeks sometimes
and I think right now, kind of the arc that
we're embracing is, why don't you use your
voice to actually make some games
um, because, there's
I think especially this year, it's kind of a
there's been a lot of
talk this year about
diversity in games, let's just put it that
way, right? And what better
way to diversify
games than get everybody
making games
to diversify the voices that are making them
it's kind of like they said in that interview
the guys from Cooking with Unity, we need to get more
gamers making games
is what we need, so I don't think there's
I kind of see that
I like embracing that idea
right now, now are we gonna turn into a
tech oriented how to
make your own games podcast?
Not necessarily, that's what
Cooking with Unity does, and there's plenty of other
resources out there to help you out with that type of stuff
but are we gonna do what we can to really
kind of nudge people and go
you ever thought about trying this, yo?
Nudge people and encourage people
to try in a place
where people, we will
say, you are not allowed to hate
here, this is not,
OLR is not about hate, it's don't be a
dick, I don't care who you are, where you're
from, what you do, but here
we respect each other, so
you're gonna create a game and
dammit, we're gonna embrace everything that is
made, and believe me, there are gonna be some shitty
entries in this game jam, because I'm participating
there will be some shitty entries in this game jam
but dammit, we're gonna love everything
as long as somebody tries, that's the important part
Alright, cool, so are you
going to maybe point out
your favorite
website to kind of look at
certain games being made in
a different environment, I know
Unity is gonna be pretty much the
primary language
to create the game, but I'm pretty sure there's gonna
be other websites that
utilize other tools
I would love to highlight
different things every week
to help people with ideas
and I just wanna say, even though we had the Cooking
with Unity guys on the show tonight, and
Unity is a great choice
I don't wanna say Unity is the official
platform of the competition, it's not
the theme of the competition is create something
dammit, so if you create it in Unity, awesome
if this is what gets you to learn Unity, awesome
but if this is what gets you to learn Unreal
or something else, and that's what you've
been wanting to do, then
then we embrace that just as much
I think a great source, like I always
tend to go, well for me, just
doing Unity and stuff, I tend to go
to Reddit a lot, so Reddit, you know
they have the, our Game Dev
and our Unity 3D
are pretty good sources, if you're looking to do
a different language, they have those as well
our Unity, our Unreal
Engine, they have, I'm pretty sure
they have one for the Coast Coast
2D or whatever it is
lots of different programming language out there
Game Maker, I think is free at some
points, so you can do that
RPG Maker
lots of resources
5th Dream in Chat with an excellent question here saying
fuck, does it even have to be electronic, can I make
a pen and paper RPG
well I'm gonna consult the golden rule
of the competition, which is
create something dammit, so
I actually think a
board game, a pen and paper game
if that's what you really wanna do
it's starting to push it a little bit
but I think I'm okay with that, because at the end
of the day, create something dammit
yeah, and that's pretty good too, because if anything
if it's a really good game, pen and paper
I'm pretty sure that they'll make some version of it
you know, so people can play on the
some sort of console
I think the rule for that is that it has
to be accessible online
that means
you have to publish the rules
publish the rules online, basically
indeed
if you've got
a board game, put the template up
online, Cards Against Humanity
great example, it's a game you play
in person, but it's something you can download
and print and make your own deck, right
it's a great example, it takes like
you can go in and make a 300 DPI
game board
I like that as a rule, so
yes, it's fine if you do
a board game or a pen and paper, but it has to be
something I get online and I
can, so that it is accessible
all who are participating in the game jam
ok, I like that, I like that, great
clarification there, Brad from Pod Culture
says, do drinking games count?
ok, now you're pushing it, now you're pushing it
ok
only the ones where I'm drinking
it's part of the development process
alright, well my friend, I gotta let you
go so we can try to squeeze in one more call
but do you think you might participate in the game jam?
um, yeah, I mean
I'm gonna be looking at some of the
websites for information
and we'll see, I love it
YouTube is a great help and
I even went through some
of these free courses for
I don't know, just like
even programming and stuff
I had to try to teach myself
and a lot of it was just kind of looking up
examples online and just seeing
how they do stuff and I'm still looking up
like, oh, how do I use this command
and how do I do this
I'm still waiting for your vlog
yeah, call him out
call him out
any information is good information
yeah, that blog, hopefully
I have a URL already
and I just have to make the webpage
someday, but that's time
it's time away from programming, so I don't know
we'll see
you take care my friend, thanks for calling
alright, bye
alright, we're gonna try to squeeze in one more call here
and this will be it for the night, hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
just the one and only
Rama, how is everybody tonight?
Rama, how are you?
I am good, I just want you to know
because of what Hitstun has said
I am starting a Kickstarter call
get Rama and the crew to conventions
hahahaha
you need a van
like they have in Scooby-Doo
well, I don't think
it'd be hard for us to get a van
because Mako-chan is pretty beastly
when she drives, so you know
we got nothing to worry about
I'm just saying, clouds of smoke come out of both those vans
well
there is a reason why she does drive
and does all the cooking, so
haha, what's on your mind my friend?
well this whole
fog jam thing
I might have to break out my visual
basic skills and do something or
learn Unity, since I now have free time
fuck yes, and by the way
AkumaJP in chat says, I don't want to be that guy
but Unity is not a language, don't worry
you're not being that guy, you're right, Unity is not a language
Unity is an engine, there is a big
difference, but at the end of the day, the golden rule
again, is create something, dammit
so if you are going to use an engine, if you're going to use
a language, if you're going to use, you know, whatever
whatever it takes to
get the job done, we encourage it
so, love it
yes indeed, yes
a couple more things, I'm going to get out of here
now this whole Lucky Chloe thing, now
you already said what I said
in the chat earlier
but also, I have a feeling
Lucky Chloe is going to be on the US release
because I don't see Namco
doing two separate presses
of the game for separate coding for this
I have a feeling
it's going to be there, but
it's just going to be locked
so you can't access it, and then
when all the drama dies down
for $3.99
you can have the character
yeah, DLC, that would be the best way to
stick it, is to give it to Japan for free
and make us pay for it, it would be hilarious
exactly, I just think dude's
pissed off at what he read on the internet
and I really don't think it's going to impact the final game
I think in a slow news week
people are really reaching for a headline here
I think he said something when he was really pissed off
and he was kind of like, well maybe I should make
this instead then, and people are reading
that to say, oh he's not going to do it
I think you're right, Namco's not going to
make two completely different copies
that's just not really what they're going to do
she'll be in the game
everybody just needs to pull their stick out of their
ass and get over it, because again
this is the same series that has
Panda Bears and Yoshimitsu
come on, let it go
let it go people
exactly
Loki thought I was going to break into
a song, that was last week
I'm moving on
the cold never bothered me anyway
alright
anything else Rama?
Final Fantasy, real quick
now I came across this on my
Facebook and it does remind me
of you and Al in a way of how
you two met, I have a long
time friend and she
just got married, what I didn't know
is that she met her now
husband while playing Final Fantasy
11, was this the
story that was on Reddit? Yes
and I tagged you in it because it was for a possible
article, the girl
Jen, that's one of my closest
friends, I've known her for like 10
11 years, how funny
we were a couple of conhors back in the day
how funny, you're right, I'm sorry I didn't throw that in there
tonight, just all the other stuff
sidetracked me a little bit, but
that's awesome that they met
in Final Fantasy 11 and what, they play
14 now right?
Probably, but right now
real life
has been taking over for them
because they just came
back from the honeymoon and this and this
and that, you know
Well to be fair, Alan and I didn't really meet in a video
game, although we did meet online
and we met on LiveJournal, which
I realize there's a lot of people now listening to
the show that don't even know what LiveJournal
really is, because it's kind of what
predated Facebook, there's actually
an Orange Lounge LiveJournal community, I don't think
it's been posted in since 2007, but it's
there, and I am a part of that
and the only reason I said Final Fantasy is because I remember
y'all two crossed paths that I think was
a Distant Worlds concert or something
like that, it was actually Video
Games Live, I was close
you were close, you were right
the first time we actually met in person
was at Video Games
Live, and we knew each other
virtually through LiveJournal, and it
was actually, believe it or not, it was
CaptainSpike from GameBooey.org who said
oh, you guys haven't met? And actually
introduced us, so
then we met in person at that concert
So, yeah
I know, right? Just looking at the chat room
it's hilarious, Fifth Dream
says, I just said LJ, and
onstov06 says, what's Hi5 or
my yearbook? No, we didn't
meet on Zynga, people, we didn't meet on Zynga
or was it, sorry, not Zynga, Zongo
what was that site called? Zynga
It's still around
Is it really? I believe so
I knew
people who used to post there, and don't forget
with LiveJournal, there was a
spin-off, there was Dead
Journal for the gods, Dream
Journal for the people who
were psychics, and you had Open
Journal, and this journal, and that
journal. Every time LiveJournal
did something to piss people off, it was like
I'm getting a dead journal, that's the day
And then there's the ultimate alternative
Dream Width
Still going strong
Crazy, crazy. Alright, my friend, I gotta let you go
so we can wrap up the show, but have a good one, thank you for calling
You too, thank you
I love that he's thinking
about starting a Kickstarter to get his
van, his
posse, the anime jam session posse
He needs to come back out here
and do a con
Or send me a plane ticket so I can
go out there
And you're
not even going to PAX East, I'm going to the East Coast
Finally
You know what?
See, this upcoming year
is going to be the year of lots
of money saving, not just by the house that we're in
Dan and I hit our 10 year
anniversary
And we're either thinking Disney World
Because I'm not going to
a con on my anniversary
Or Disneyland at the Grand Californian
Nice
So I'm going to be on the shoestring for
GX3, but yeah
My car has paid off this year, so I'm hoping
I do the smart thing and save a little more money
instead of spending it on frivolous things, but
there will probably be a few frivolous things here and there, let's be real
Anyway, if you didn't
get through tonight, I'm so sorry, but please consider
sending us an email, participate at
orangelaunchradio.com, but we are
waiting way long you guys, we have got to wrap
things up for the night, but what an
awesome show tonight, and
yeah, even though
to follow up on that one call,
Orangeland Radio is not changing, we're still the show where every
gamer has a voice, and we're going to talk about news every week
and comment
on it and give our opinions just like
we always have, but if we can
encourage more people to
make games, you know what?
Because one of you guys out there
might have the idea for the next great game
that we talk about on a future show
and so
why wouldn't we not
want to start that and foster that?
So yes, it will be the theme
over the coming weeks here at Orangeland Radio
Thanks again
so much for staying up late and listening to
our show, be it on the podcast feed
or being here
live at the Voice Gees Network, vognetwork.com
As we say every week, if you like the
show, please tell a friend or five
about the show, help spread the word
we are an independent production
and indie voices are so
important out there, help spread the word
not just about us, but your favorite
indie podcast, that's why I say that
and if for whatever reason
you can't think of a lot of people, you really rack your
brain, you're like, I just don't know anybody
please consider leaving us a five star review
wherever you found this show
iTunes, Stitcher
even if you do tell friends
consider leaving a five star review there as well
those go a long way
in helping promotion on those various
websites, because the makers of those sites look at that
information when they consider who to feature
so really appreciate your consideration for five star
reviews on sites like iTunes
Stitcher or wherever you found this show
It's time to go around and get
everybody's final thought for the night
we will be back here in seven days to do it
all again on the 21st
we're getting towards the end of the year
we might have to do, Latke Fest
because it'll be right at the end of
Hanukkah
starts Tuesday right?
which while I was high on coding
I did the dance of Hanukkah around my house and
decorated
well happy Hanukkah to all of our listeners who celebrate
this coming week and we'll check in with y'all on
Sunday and see how the festival's going
and we will have the
VoG jam ingredient
will come out of the show
next week in an epic edition
of Listless
I'll be a dreidel, just kidding
now were we gonna have people submit
ideas as well?
we want your, yeah
if nobody submits an idea
fine, we'll make our own damn list
but what we want to do, and this is different than our usual
Listless, Latke, we want people to submit
their ideas for
us to consider for
putting on the list, we don't usually do that in advance
well that's good because I have no idea
so submit away
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
is the place to send those
and you can also send those to
our VoGnetwork.com
posting of the show, for those of you listening on the podcast
you can leave your ideas there as well
again, it should be, what should
the theme of the game be?
Should it be about cats?
Cats who are
Now Rob, we have to specify
that it's felines
and not pussy
Should it be
Then we would have twat masters
Should it be cats with labels?
Should that be the theme of the game? Who knows
Send us your ideas, remember nothing
that's copyrighted, please, we have to
throw those out immediately
But anyway, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts
for the night. Dar Sacher, I'll start with you
our sick one, please feel better
and we'll see you next week
Is that your final thought?
Really? I hate that
Where's my mute button?
Alright, feel better
My final thought for the night, my final thought is
I don't think I've shaved in like ten days
I really should probably do that, it's a good idea
And I'm really excited that I finally
have a BurgerTime cabinet in my house
sort of
It's multiple things and there's more games
emulators on there
Super BurgerTimes on it too
There's more emulators on there, I will be
making a point this week though, Rob
to copy my ROM set off
of my other cabinet because it's a lot better
and it has Miss World nude
That was the one thing I needed on the cabinet
I had to make it work appropriate
it was on there and it
still actually may be on there, that's what I was looking at
earlier, but I couldn't find it
so I will copy my old ROM set
and I'll dump it on there and then you'll have
You'll have all the weird
games on there including
all the, was it
Are we allowed to do Twitch streams of Miss Nude
World 96 or is that against their terms of service?
It's probably against their terms of service
You can't do emulated stuff on Twitch
anyway, I feel like
I need to do a U stream or something
I don't know if that computer is
You could probably do it, it's not
that fast, I don't have to run it from the cabinet
I can run it from there, just thinking
Anyway, Loki last
but not least, your final thought tonight
I'm going to work on lots of programming this week
trying to make it a point that my son is going to want me to play
Lego Marvel with him, that's fine, I can play Lego Marvel with him
while he's awake, program him when he's not awake
so, sounds good, sounds like some motivation
this week, I am very motivated
I can't wait to work on some new
stuff, it'll be interesting
to start from scratch again, by the way
check your email, because our buddies
from Cooking with Unity told you how to play
Grand Theft Auto 5 with them
Yes! Damn it, that's going to take me away
from programming, but that's okay
that's okay
It's a good purpose, a good purpose
I need to get back into Grand Theft Auto
because I miss it
Thank you so much to our friends from Cooking with Unity
for coming on the show tonight, thank you for all of you
for showing up and making it an awesome show
a long show, but an awesome show
we couldn't do it without
all of your support, thank you so much
we'll see you in 7 days to do it all again
have a wonderful week
but you know they were all still true
Thanks for watching!
