Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week brings 2014 to a close as we discuss the holiday events and look back with our annual year of gaming retrospective. We'd also like to hear what games you've played most this year, new, old, or revisited. We'll take your comments and calls to help us close out 2014 right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight on December the 28th of 2014 with the 581st episode of our show. That's right, we're here.
I know a lot of folks are taking off for the holidays and to be fair they earned it, but the way the days fell this year we were able to bring you a show this week. So why not? We're here tonight. Myself, Rob Robertson, here in studio with me. As always, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi. How are you? Full. Full? Yes, we did a little bit of our belated Christmas tradition this year. Our Gay Jumis.
So for the past couple years, DarkSakura, myself, and Alan on Christmas will go have Chinese food. Or Pho. We'll have some in Asian. Whatever's open, people. Whatever's open, we will go have it. But DarkSakura ended up, even though our Christmas plans got canceled. Can you believe that?
Like, I know as a kid your parents always threatened to cancel Christmas if you're naughty, but Alan and I actually had a canceled Christmas this year. No Christmas for you. No Christmas. I don't feel too bad, guys. We made the most of it. I worked.
Yeah, I know. You don't want to talk about Christmas being canceled. But you're Jewish, so, I mean, what's the big deal, right? Jews like Christmas. Why not?
No, um, LoCat was open because of people getting their shiny new toys. Sure, of course. And there are a lot of hardworking people on Christmas. And they fed us. And it was slow. So it was awesome.
We took Shane, who is having his first Christmas not with his family. So we took him to the movies. Really, it was taking me to the movies because finally I got to see Mockingjay. Finally. I want to go. I'll go again. It was so good.
I still need to watch the other movies, but I've read the books. I was not expecting Mockingjay to be that good because it's the worst book. But the movie was really good. So, yay! Yes, there's that.
So, um, but you're not, now, even though you're Jewish and we talk about celebrating Christmas together, you're not one of those Jewish folks that gets super offended like that guy on that plane did in the news.
That's not you.
I just don't like to, I will, I had a few people antsy with me and say, well, I'd say, well, happy holidays and say, well, Merry Christmas. I'll be like to you too.
But honestly, I, I spoke with a good number of perfectly nice Jewish people and I wish them a happy post Hanukkah and nobody was fussy. It was really nice.
My mom didn't preach at me this year. Um, but I would like to just say that I want my family members to stop having strokes, heart attacks, jaundice, or other inflammations of their internal organs that send them to the hospital because no.
You poor thing. I mean, families should be together during the holidays to fight as good families do. That's what happens.
Not in the hospital.
All right. Anyhow. Well, um, I, I, we're looking at the turning of a new page, uh, coming up here in the new week, a happy new year in advance to everybody out there. Everybody celebrates new years, right?
Well, I guess, no, in some cultures, your new years might come a little later, but with all due respect, I hope everybody has a happy new year this next week and looks forward to the page turn that's coming.
And tonight here on OLR, we're going to look back on, uh, 2014 and next week we'll do a little more looking ahead 2015. Uh, but we couldn't do it without the one and only also joining us as studio tech master.
Loki. Hello. How are you doing? Loki. I'm pretty good. Yeah. How was your holiday? You guys do celebrate Christmas even though your wife is Jewish, right? So you kind of do, you could do both. You do everything this holiday, right?
Pretty much. Yeah. Nice. That's the way to do it. How was it? Um, it was okay. We just, you know, I had to put together a trampoline then Christmas Eve.
What was up with that? I saw these pictures on Facebook. This, this like, it looks like a prison. It looks like a prison for children that you send them to and they're naughty, but that's not what it was. Right?
It's just a safe trampoline. It's a happy prison. It's a fun prison. It's a bouncy prison. Exactly.
But so, so that's what they do now. They put trample, they put cages on trampolines to make sure the kids don't bounce out. Yeah. So you don't, you know, die or something. Oh my gosh. See, when I was younger, we had a trampoline.
My mom bought a little trampoline because I don't know, back in that day it was supposed to be good for fitness or something like that. I guess maybe it still is, but, uh, we had a little trampoline and the way I learned not to jump off the trampoline is that the first time I did it, I hurt myself.
That taught me to never do it again. It doesn't work that way these days, huh? Um, no, I mean, and they don't even have like springs anymore. It's all, um, like nylon cords that they have and stuff.
So, but it's just a pain in the ass because their instructions aren't entirely clear. And so, you know, they don't stress like the importance of, okay, hey, you know, make sure that this doesn't shift slightly while you're putting it together because you'll end up with what happened the first time around where,
I got it all put together and look, hey, look, the door shifted slightly to where now it's right in front of a pole. I'm like, thanks. I had to take it all apart and do it again.
Is that how, like when I build the new shelf from Ikea, I realized that one of the wood pieces I put on backwards and now you have the unsightly side facing outwards is like, son of a, so I guess it's similar type of thing, right?
But I'm sure, uh, I'm sure the kids loved it traveling. Yeah. Josh loves it. So he's been playing that. And then, um, you know, other than that, um, I only went over to my mom's house and they did, you know, kind of Christmas there and stuff and got more toys and pretty much it.
All right. Well, uh, how are you guys doing in our chat room? Because we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice of geeks network www.vog network.com vognetwork.com.
Uh, six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern is when we are alive on Sunday nights immediately following the Bobby Blackwell show and a quick programming note for you guys.
Uh, Bobby was, uh, had a prerecorded show tonight because, uh, as you guys know, if you've listened to the show, he does this whole, um, he does this whole thing with the NFL and, and drumming for his local team, uh, the Falcons.
So they actually had a game tonight, uh, that kind of came out of the blue. So he had a, well, they can flex game. I don't even know how this all works because I follow football so terribly, but I guess they can change the schedule of games at the last minutes to accommodate probably what's on TV and all that stuff.
So, uh, they did that. So he ended up having to pre tape a show tonight, so he wasn't live and he was a little worried that, uh, they, he wasn't going to be live next week, but the good news is the Falcons lost.
So he will be live next week. Um, but I suppose the bad news for some people would also be the Falcons lost. And maybe that, maybe that's actually bad news for Bobby because that might be like he wouldn't get paid for a game that doesn't happen.
So I guess, I guess that's too bad. So, uh, sorry to hear about the Falcons, but hey, if you are a Carolina Panthers fan, then you're having a great day. So, um, happy day to you of, of the football sports ball variety.
I'm glad you sported harder.
I'm glad you all sported very well. And if you're Bobby, I'm glad you were out there banging the drum all day. That's, that's what a lot of us aspire to do there.
Uh, let's see over at our chat room, over at live.vognetwork.com, Tiger Claus says, since this is the last OLR of 2014, I'm sure you guys have a lot to look forward to in 2015.
You know, we will be doing predictions and all of that next week because we anticipate this is going to be a slow week for news as well coming up.
So we will do all of our predictions and also we're going to look back at what did we predict in 2014 that hilariously didn't come true.
And we're going to take a look back next week because technically there are still three days for something to happen.
So, you know, a lot can happen in three days. So, uh, we'll be taking a look back next week, but we will look back on 2014 a little bit this week with as far as, uh, what were our favorite games of the year and what were your favorite games of the year.
We'll be getting to that a little bit later.
Raginator schooling me a little bit in our chat room saying, not all New Year's celebrations coincide at the same time because not all cultures and religions use the same calendar.
That is true. That is true. So my bad if I misspoke there a little bit, but I would think most people are celebrating the change of the calendar that's coming up.
If nothing else, it's the one that impacts your work week. So there's something in there and paydays and all that stuff.
Uh, Brad from Pod Culture in our chat room also, uh, saying I had to work Christmas Day. Didn't get a single damn tech call all day.
Oh my gosh. Can you imagine like you, you have to work Christmas, you don't get a single customer all day long.
That would be, that would be great and that would be bad all at the same time.
And, uh, Tigerclaw summarizing the Black Wolf news there saying that's good news for the listeners, but bad news for Black Wolf. Yeah, pretty much, pretty much.
So, uh, I'm sure he did his very best and the reason why the Falcons lost had nothing to do with the drummers. I'm sure the drummers did just fine.
Alright, anyway, um, I guess, honestly, I don't have all, we're going to have a weird show tonight.
I mean, I fully admit that upfront because it was a very slow news week.
Um, no matter what it is you celebrate this time of year, the fact of the matter is most offices are closed on Thursday,
except, you know, those that expect customer relations and so forth.
But certainly the video game developers were pretty much, for the most part, all closed on Thursday.
Most of them Wednesday as well. So it kind of just makes, makes us that everybody was gone the majority of the week.
So we only have a very few things to report on this week. So I don't even have really a kickoff topic for you guys.
Um, but we will later on, uh, in part B, we are going to get into our top three games of 2014.
And the key word there is our top three games of 2014 because this time of year everybody likes to bitch and whine
and moan and complain about, I can't believe so and so picked XYZ as their top game of the year.
And I think especially this year, um, there's a lot, it's very diverse this year.
There's not really a clear front runner for a lot of people what's going to sweep the board for most people's games of the year.
Sure. Would you, Loki, would you kind of say you're noticing that to be the case too?
There really doesn't seem to be a front runner this year like there has been in years past.
I don't know. That might be for some people.
Yeah.
You know, there's, there's been some good releases this year.
Sure, of course. But I think there's been enough strong ones where, uh, like everybody's picking something different, you know?
Yeah.
I mean, you could say Dragon Age Inquisition is somewhat of an early front runner based on this, based on the video game awards.
I mean, it did win that, but that's, again, one award show out of how many.
So tonight we're going to be doing our top three games and, uh, they are not incorrect.
Our lists are correct. You know why? Because they're our lists.
And then we're going to open up our Skype line a little early tonight to invite you to call in to share your lists and, most importantly, why.
So I'll be giving more information on that when we get into part B a little later.
For now on the, uh, for now though, let's get into our gaming weeks and what types of games have you been playing this week with, with, uh, the time off work or the adjusted schedules as a circumstance may be.
What have you been playing with your week? Dark Sakura?
I've been staring at Bald Elves.
Bald Elves?
Bald Elves.
What game is that?
Dragon Age.
Oh, right. Of course. Of course.
Because I take solace in every party in more ways than one.
Are you romancing solace of all people?
Yes, I am.
Why?
Not the one I would have picked.
He makes the most sense. He's actually probably my favorite of the characters in the game.
Sarah is pissing me off, so I've decided not to romance her in my second playthrough.
My headcanon is forever solace.
That's all right. I wouldn't romance Garrus in Mass Effect either and that's, you know.
Well, they're two different kinds of characters.
They are.
I'd say that the Dragon Age character that probably would correspond most to Garrus would probably be Cullen.
They're a lot more alike.
I actually would romance Cullen, but he's not an option for a male character, so I can't.
But, um, I've actually been having, I've decided what it is about solace that I like.
Well, why other people don't like him and why I do is because he reminds me of other aspies.
Oh, interesting.
Very single-minded focus.
Little bit of being too blunt in public and a little bit too of a know-it-all, you know what I mean?
Not necessarily a know-it-all, but being very knowledgeable, trying to be helpful about it,
but to the point that it comes off as being a know-it-all and that's a very aspie trait.
So, and it's just really kind of hit a resonating familiarity with me.
Was that intentional about, because I really don't know, was that like an intentional parallel on Bioware's part?
Because I know Bioware has tried very hard to kind of diversify their games.
I mean, is that another sign of diversification in a Bioware title?
I don't know, honestly. I mean, I would have to ask, you know, the writers, but it's just the impression that I get.
And I've noticed that everything that people complain about him about are the same things that they complain about male aspies I know.
Interesting.
So it's just, it was sort of like the parallels came together and I was like, well, that's probably why I like the character so much because I find him more relatable.
But I mean, you know, just all the things that people don't like him for are the same complaints that people have about, you know, the people with Asperger's.
Right, right.
So I have, I don't, and I wasn't even thinking about it when I first decided to go to him. I was like, ooh, hot balled elf.
Sure. What an interesting, neat little thing to pull out of a game though. I mean, who would have thought a video game shows us that type of, you know, diversity within characters. That's so cool.
And, um, I've been getting back a little bit more into fractal again because I super love fractal, uh, played some transistor and I played it on a Mac.
Um, that's okay. Nobody's perfect.
You know what?
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Don't, don't listen to him, baby. You're so pretty. You're pretty and shiny and you and faster than all those other things as I pet my Mac.
Um, and, uh, I played a little smash on my, uh, 3DS.
Nice. Who's your go-to character in smash? Do you have one?
Villager.
Villager. You know, mine is surprisingly.
Wii Fit Trainer.
I love Wii Fit Trainer. I do, and I am totally the guy that will stand in the back and do the, you know, uh, what does he say? Stand the sun, or what does he say the sun?
Sun salutation?
Sun of the suns. Damn it. I can't even remember what he says. But he fires that bolt like over and over and over again. I stand in the corner and do that the whole match. And then I do little hula hooping thing.
And then everyone looks at you and goes, gee bitch.
I know, pretty much. Cause that's me and Ness. PK fire, PK fire, PK fire.
Uh, but, but I am really surprised. This is the character that I find that I play a lot and I'm, I, I'm not good at smash. I'm fucking terrible at smash actually.
But the one I'm actually okay with? Pac-Man. Of all characters. Like I really enjoy playing Pac-Man and I think I'm getting pretty decent with him. Like I'm really learning about how to like use the hydrant effectively and, and kind of, you know, using the spins of the different Namco symbols to, you know, kind of store a key at all times.
And most importantly, I'm really learning about how to control him because my biggest problem in smash is that I suicide off the edge way more times than I would care to admit.
And that's why I like Wii Fit Trainer cause I can hula hoop out of a crappy situation if I'm stupid.
Kirby was my go to for the longest time.
Oh yeah. Cause he can, you know, kind of float around, right?
Yeah. Kirby was like my long time that, and it was kind of funny just, uh, consuming other people and pooping them out.
Um, but, uh, I did a little bit of that and I've been, um, what was the other thing that I was doing? Cause I was playing something else and I got new games thanks to Loki and thanks to you.
Yeah. We all kind of did, we all ended up trading steam games pretty much for the holidays this year.
I have gauntlet and I am bread and go to sleep. I think it was called?
Among the sleep.
Among the sleep. Yeah. Where you play as a toddler is a survival horror game featuring a toddler.
And I was like, okay, the concept is just really cool.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've heard of that. I haven't. Oh, I want to play that. That looks, that sounds awesome.
Yeah. It's been on my list for a few weeks. So now I've got it.
Um, let's see. Uh, actually, thanks. I, I, I got my final fantasy on in a bit. I must be a final fantasy fan boy or something because dark soccer gets me final fantasy three and final fantasy eight along with La Mulana.
But you know, the final fantasy games there. Right. And then Loki gets me final fantasy 13 too.
So I, I, I now have a copy of every final fantasy game that's out on steam and yes, I will.
I got you La Mulana cause it was $2.
I will.
You're worth $2.
I am worth $2. Thank you. Not much more, but I am worth $2.
But, uh, and, and, uh, final fantasy eight, even that I will play, even though you all know that I think it's one of the absolute worst games in the series.
In fact, I think, and I am not a popular man for this. I will probably get hate mail because of this, but I say, I don't give a fuck.
You can, you can send the hate mail all you want, but that draws on the one that reads it, that draw junction thing was the worst thing ever and single handedly ruined the game.
Uh, but final fantasy eight, which had no case story otherwise, uh, was my least favorite, but I understand one of my favorite scenes, but the PC version allows you to cheese it and just draw 99 spells every time I hear.
So that might make the game a lot more tolerable. So we'll see. I like cheesing the games. I'm gonna, I know, I know.
I loved the ballroom scene in that game. That was so pretty. And it had a good ending.
The story, the story was really good. And so I understand why the haters come at me. I totally get it because the story is really good. I will give the game that.
But I, I, I, I believe the battle system's broken. Not everybody agrees with me in that. That's fine. Uh, I just didn't like the game for those reasons.
So the game itself.
I enjoyed the story, but the game wasn't all that great.
Yeah. I'm surprised I haven't brought 12 out to like PC.
Me too. That's the one, like, and there's a lot of people like sitting on pins and needles. I think it's not just me that are like, okay, okay. Square.
So you're, you're doing a remake of 10 and okay. Uh, you, you did 13 on PC. Okay. And you've done four or five, six on the phone.
Now you did seven on PlayStation four TV. Where's 12 show 12.
They do like the DS one as well. Remember there was a DS 12.
Yeah. The side story, the revenue wings. Yeah, there was technically that's a, that's like a side story. Like I guess you could say like a 10, two or, but not even, it's even more like spinoff than that.
It's not totally, it's, it's different. That's all I can really say.
But what's interesting, and a lot of people don't realize this, I didn't even realize this, a lot of the team that worked on 12 are the people that are working on 14.
And I only learned that when I went to final fantasy fan fest. And for the longest time, I was convinced that 14 was set in Ivalice.
And that was going to be a big reveal, even though everybody was like, no, Rob, you're stupid. And eventually, finally they, they kind of said, no, it's not going to be an Ivalice game.
And they, they did a fun little, uh, uh, thing talking about the new race. That's going to be a fantasy 14 and they were teasing that it might be the Viera, but then they said no, because they couldn't, they couldn't make male Viera work.
Just like they couldn't make the female lizard people, the bongra, I think they were called. They couldn't make the female versus them works. They didn't do either one of those.
Uh, so that's why they're getting this new race that our raw or whatever it's called.
Why couldn't they just do a race that was like, or like just do one, like remember in 11 where they had, you know, uh, the Mithra were only, uh, female and the Galco were only male.
Why couldn't they do that?
I would have been okay with that totally because I totally think the Viera should be in 14, but I also understand the team's desire to want to do something different.
So, and the our, I look really cool, so I'm okay with it. I'm, I'm, I'm okay with what they're doing. The new classes look hot, not to turn this into a 14 cast, but it's a game I play a lot. Sorry, not sorry.
The dark knight looks great, even if they made it a tank. Uh, the astrologer looks awesome. It's a healer that's going to use cards and that looks really cool.
Uh, and it's kind of a throwback to the tactics games because, uh, the astrologers was a class in that as were the machinists, the DPS class are going to be the new DPS class in the game.
So you notice a lot of the tactics into 12 now into 14 influence. So it is kind of surprising they don't do, you know, they don't go back or revisit 12, but I guess maybe it's because a lot of the team works on 14.
But I was going to say, they mentioned at fan fest, uh, that the enemy system in 14 runs on the gambit system from 12. So that's why enemies will do things at certain percentages and stuff is because they all run off the gambit system from final fantasy 12.
So I, uh, I think that's a pretty neat. So anyway, sorry, dark Sakura, as always, I derailed your gaming week into a final fantasy wankathon, but, uh, did you have anything else you want to share?
I was done. I started reading fanfics. Okay. You're not kidding though. I think, I don't think you are kidding over there.
No, I'm actually looking at the other stories that have up for the day. Oh, fair enough. Prepping a little bit. All right. Well, while you prep, let's go over to Loki and Loki. How was your gaming week?
Um, I didn't play a whole ton and I was actually trying to work on my fog jam entry, which I ended up scrapping on, uh, Thursday, I think.
Basically my original concept was a little bit too elaborate and it had like some spider robot things in there and I was trying to animate the legs procedurally so that like if it was next to a wall or something like it would put the legs up on the wall and be able to like climb up the wall realistically.
And I was like, why the hell am I spending four days on this? I'm going to, this is just dumb. I'm going to scrap that. If basically gave myself a deadline, I'm like, I don't want to waste a ton of time on this.
So if I can't figure this out by, you know, this day, then I'm just going to say the hell with it. I'm going to do something else with that. And actually ended up scrapping the whole, whole game idea because, um, I came up with something better.
So, um, try to work on that now. And then, um, what else did I do? Oh, I did play a little bit of, uh, Lego Marvel superheroes because my son wanted to play that. I just checked the other day. I have like 50 hours in that game. It's ridiculous.
But, um, I'm noticing it is quite a buggy game itself. It's just like, um, you know, characters getting stuck in places. We actually know something funny that they had like a node for the, um, yeah, the Lego characters just kind of walking around the city place in the wrong spot.
And so like right under this tree, they just kind of jump up into the air, like really high and then come back down. And it just doesn't make any sense, but it's kind of funny.
Um, so I think I'm, I looked at it, I think I'm like 75% down at the game now. I'm just, I can't convince my son to go into the actual levels with me so I can just finish the rest of it. So I had to play it on my own in order to do that.
But, um, so I was just doing that and, uh, I have pretty much all the characters unlocked already. I just have a few more missions to do.
Um, I bought stuff. I was trying to buy Battlefield 4 because it was on sale so I got that for 14 bucks on PlayStation 4 and at the same time I figured I'd just buy Peggle 2, aside from that.
And, um, I don't know if I bought anything on Steam or not. I know I got Steam games and, uh, I was gonna buy that, was it, that one, um, there's a game on Steam right now, it's like 9 cents.
So, go pick it up, cause it's 9 cents. I mean, 91% off, so you gotta check it out.
Um, but that's it. It's just mostly working on, you know, my game. Hopefully I'll have something to show for it and fortunately, like I said, I had that kind of restarted, but, um, I like the new concept better than the old one.
Well, I already told you guys what it was, so.
Well, thank you for reminding me to remind the listeners about the video game jam that we're doing, or the VOG jam, uh, that kicked off last week and if you missed last week's show, the theme was decided to be a buggy game.
And you can interpret that many different ways and we're not here to tell you what is the right or wrong answer. You just take that theme, a buggy game, and create something, dammit.
Um, create a game if you are so inclined. There's tons of game makers out there. Loki's very much into Unity right now.
Uh, we had the Cooking with Unity guys on a couple weeks ago, uh, to kind of help motivate, uh, motivate all of us, really, and that was a great, uh, it was a great conversation.
I think it really did motivate Loki, uh, especially, and it motivated me a little bit, too, actually.
Um, so, uh, you can make something, uh, a complete new game. There's lots of other, like, RPG maker and other, like, games that facilitate game creation are out there.
Make a level in LittleBigPlanet. Make, uh, just create something, um, out of that theme, a buggy game, and, uh, I'm working on something, too.
Uh, from the programming aspect, I haven't even scratched the surface, but I have, I know what I want to do.
Um, and I did go down the route of, and I'm trying to keep mine a little bit secretive, because if I can pull off what I want to pull off, I think it's really gonna surprise some people.
So, I'm really, I told Loki what it is, and, uh, I-
It should be very doable. It's only that difficult.
I do, too. I'm keeping it, I, I kind of thought in the back of my head about why YR, when he made Pixel Shits, and he was just like, you know what? Simple.
Simple, simple, simple. And I hear Bobby in the back of my head, don't overdo it on your first game. Don't be like Loki, you know, trying to do everything in your first game.
So, I have a stupid, simple idea. It's honestly probably been done somewhere before, but it hasn't been done by me, so I'm gonna do it.
So, uh, that's, that's where I'm at with the VoG Jam. I'm just hoping I can do it in two weeks, because it's a lot to learn in two weeks.
I'll be able to do it. It's, it won't be that hard.
Alright, I'm hoping. Fingers crossed.
Okay, so anyway, all that's- but, don't expect me to talk a lot about it, just because I'm me, and I'm choosing to keep mine a little bit more of a secret.
But, other people are sharing what they're doing on the forums. In fact, Darkdead Studio posted an update today, and I was like, oh shit, he's way further along than I am.
He's got, like, pictures of spaceships, and enemies and all that shit.
And I do want to talk about what I, what I want to do, but the problem, I mean, I guess we can, because, yeah, sure.
Yeah, go for it.
So, my original concept was actually, is completely different than what I'm doing now, because it was going to be like this, kind of like Tower of Guns, roguelike type game, where it's a first person shooter action thing.
I'm like, okay, well that's, sounds really cool, but it's too fucking hard for me to do, so I scrapped that.
So the new idea came to me from a couple things.
One, I was watching some videos with my son about, from the Reddit thread Shitty Robots, and so it's just robots that are just fucked up, and just, they don't do what they're supposed to do, and it's hilarious.
And so they had this thing, was it HeboCon or something like that, where these people, they basically picked, like, 30 people or whatever, make robots, and these people don't know what the fuck they're doing.
And that's the whole point, is it's supposed to be really shitty robots battling each other.
And that didn't really give me the idea for the game, so it's not going to be about robots or anything, but my son, like, watching these robots made out of, like, McDonald's fry boxes or whatever, and it had this, like, stick thing, and it was kind of crawling along the ground and stuff, and it looked so silly because it was just stupid.
So, from that, for some reason I went, I'm going to make a racing game, but I want to make a really terrible racing game.
So, what's the most terrible racing game out there? Big Rigs Over the Road Racing.
It's the absolute worst racing game, period, because everything is broken in it. Everything is broken in it. There's no physics, everything's all fucked up.
So my idea was, I'm going to make a racing game, and every level, something different is fucked up, and it keeps getting more and more fucked up in different ways.
But the best part about it is, each time, basically there's an update to the game. It's like, okay, update, downloading the patch and stuff.
Every few levels there'll be a screenshot of, like, a fake Twitter social media type thing of them apologizing, you know, that the game is buggy or something like that, but in hilarious ways.
Some of the ideas I had was, let's see here, one of the first levels, you'll have square wheels for some reason. Another one.
We didn't know how to render the wheels. We apologize for the wheel rendering, Buck.
There's one that you can't turn left. It's just stuck right. You can only turn right.
I love it.
One that's like, literally, like a marble maze thing. Your car actually doesn't move, but you can tilt the level, you know, and stuff like that.
Okay, I got one. I got one. I got one. One, we're just partway through the race. Your car just fucking falls onto another racetrack that you already did earlier in the game.
Like, without explanation, it just fucking falls to the level.
It's gonna be like weird glitchy shit that's just not gonna make any sense, but that's the whole point of it, is it's supposed to be, you know, each time they patch the game, they kind of break something else in the process.
Okay, all I'll say about my game, now I gotta say something about my game. All I will say is, the reason why I'm not talking about it is so that I can switch it at the last minute.
No, that's fine.
It's a game you've all played or you've all heard of, only I'm reversing it. That's all I'm gonna say.
Okay, so, my gaming week. A lot of the same old standbys. Final Fantasy XIV, of course, been playing ample amounts of that, and XIII on PC, because I still love the PC remake of that.
And I unlocked Fang, finally, as a playable character in XIII, because you don't get her until like seven chapters into the story.
That made me excited, because she's my favorite character in XIII.
But I have played a few new games. Thanks to Loki, he gifted me a copy of the game L.O.V.E., or Love, but I think it's actually L.O.V.E., some type of acronym.
But this is on Steam.
Yeah, it looks awesome.
It's called Love, and it's one of those like, retro-esque, very simple, like, do nothing but jump type of games.
Like, when Alan saw me playing it over my shoulder, he's like, oh, is that VVVVV? It kind of has like that type of look to it, but it's got the really cool chiptunes in the background.
And here's the catch on this game, is that you can set your respawn point anywhere you want.
So you have to kind of remember every time you clear one little area to set your respawn point, or you're going to end up having to go back a long ways.
And I imagine what happens later on in the game is there comes like choices and probably pathing, and they just haven't probably got that far later in the game.
But I imagine there comes a point where you might not want to set your respawn point every five seconds.
That could actually be a bad thing.
But I have seen parts of the game where if you set your respawn point way up here, and you fall down earlier into the level, is it faster to just suicide and respawn than it is to run all the way back to where you were at?
And in the normal mode of the game, you're limited to 100 lives, so you have to kind of make that choice.
So maybe in that regard, it's a little closer to 1,001 spikes, which I think a lot of you guys checked out this year.
So yeah, that game's neat. I like Lego. I'm sorry, I'm reading the chat room as well, or you guys are talking about Lego Batman and Lego Marvel.
But I'm liking Love so far. That game's cool.
The other game I've played quite a bit of this week, and I am actually really surprised at how much I'm enjoying this game.
I don't usually go online and read reviews and read what other people think quite often, because I find that a lot of the professional critics are a little bit jaded.
And sometimes I don't always agree with them. And this would have been a great example of that, because from what I understand, this game is not being very ravely reviewed.
But I think this game is great, and I'm having an amazing time with Gauntlet 2014. That's right, the new Gauntlet remake that just came out.
It was on Steam sale, down to about 10 bucks from 20 the other day, so I was like, what the hell, I'll finally get a copy.
And what I knew of the new Gauntlet is that it was going to be like the old Gauntlet, but they say it's a little more like Diablo.
Believe me, I've been playing a lot of Diablo lately. A lot. Especially this week, because they're doing the double XP this weekend.
So Alan and I have been playing a lot on our seasonal characters. He just hit Paragon 100, so we've been playing a lot of Diablo 3.
I actually don't think Gauntlet is that much Diablo as a lot of people think it is. I think it's just because Diablo is a very modern-day dungeon crawler, so it's very easy to make that comparison.
But Gauntlet plays like Gauntlet. That's right, it plays a lot like the old game, but in this new, you know, using a lot of the new tricks you see in games.
Each character has different move sets, and what's kind of neat is that the elf turns into a twin-stick shooter, because the right stick will just shoot arrows wherever you want on the screen.
The wizard turns into a character from Magica, where hitting the buttons in certain combinations will cast different types of spells, which is really neat.
And then the wizard is a little more traditionally what you'd expect in Gauntlet, or did I say the wizard? The warrior is a little more what you'd expect in traditional Gauntlet, with the sword and everything.
And then the Valkyrie is similar, but with the more defensive-type maneuvers, where she can shield bash people and stuff.
And they, you know, they tried to flesh out the little characters more and give them depth, but it's a fun little dungeon crawler, and it's very hard.
Which, you know, the original Gauntlet was not an easy game either. So I like that you play through the levels, and depending on how many pots you smash, how many enemies you kill, or even how many times you died in a level,
you'll get buffs that will help you for the next time. So it's like you're perpetually unlocking these achievements that, like, let's say you smash pots.
Well, the more pots you smash, the higher percentage that the pots you smash later on will have gold in them.
So, like, you build these achievements that then impact your game, and it kind of gives you that incentive to play those levels over and over again.
So I was really digging Gauntlet more than I thought I would. I kind of thought it would be one of those games where I play a couple times, and I'm like, eh, whatever, and then move on.
But I'm talking, like, it's one of my favorite games, like, that I've played recently. Good.
So I ended up getting a four-pack, and I gave a copy to Dark Soccer and Loki, so I'm hoping they'll get a chance to check it out at some point too.
I have yet to play the game online, and I can only imagine that when you bring everybody's talents into it, where, you know, everybody's diverse, like with the elf having to kind of stand back and do his arrows or what have you, and the warrior can kind of get up in there and soak in the Valkyrie.
I imagine that really changes the dynamic of how you clear levels. So I'm excited to check that out.
So yeah, Gauntlet is pretty cool. I enjoyed that quite a bit. So I'm very happy about how that one turned out.
So there you go. That's pretty much all the new stuff I've been playing this week between Love and Gauntlet, but I have even more games in the coming weeks to catch up on.
I just bought Shovel Knight today on PC, which I already played on Wii U, and I already, you know, love that game. It really is one of the year's best.
But I just decided, you know what, I'm going to get it on PC, because I saw they've been doing updates on PC, and it's just like, all right, this game's so good, and for $10, what the hell? What the hell? I'll get it on PC as well.
All right, let's get into some news for tonight, but before we get to the news, some quick housekeeping.
We will be here next week, and next week we'll be doing our prediction show, but we will not be here the week of Martin Luther King weekend, which is, not on my calendar in front of me, but it is January 18th, I believe is the day.
January 18th, we will not be here that week. We might tape something in advance. We will not be here live January 18th. I will be in Seattle with Alan. We're going on a late holiday trip.
Since I had to work over the holidays, I took some time off a little later, so we're going to go to Seattle. It'll be fun. Can't wait.
All right, let's go around and do some gaming news tonight. Loki, we'll start with you.
Okay, so as many people are probably aware, the Xbox Live and PlayStation Network were kind of down during the holidays, and it wasn't because tons of people were opening their new systems on Christmas morning and trying to do their updates, but rather that there was actually a DDS attack happening on both of those services.
I guess it happened starting late December 24th, and I believe both services are back online now. I know PlayStation Network just came up completely, I think, today, but that kind of sucked.
And of course, both services were quite aware of what was going on, and if I remember correctly, I'm trying to remember who was actually behind it. I think it was the Lizard something? I don't remember the name of the group, if you will.
Well, and why give them attention? Who cares what their name is?
I did think it was funny, though, seeing posts like that.
I'm going to call them Jizzmasters. That's it. The Jizzmasters did it.
Lizard Squad. That's what it was, okay. But I did find it funny that Anonymous, I guess, was kind of fighting back against their botnets or whatever, and kind of taking down their botnets at the same time, so it was interesting.
But yeah, thankfully, the only thing that really affected for me is I couldn't buy the games I wanted to at the time I wanted to.
So everybody's shouting the name in chat because you couldn't remember it at first, but I need a tangent for a minute because this is what really bothers me about the whole thing.
Why are the Jizzmasters doing this over the holiday season? Why are they doing this? Because, I mean, and they might say, oh, it's for the lolz or whatever. Isn't that the whole common trait? Why do hackers do what they do for the lolz?
That, to me, says for attention. They want attention. That's the only reason they do this. Otherwise, why would you claim responsibility in the first place?
If you don't want attention, then you don't claim responsibility. And usually, it's to bring attention to some sort of cause. Maybe some sort of extremist cause, like maybe what's happening with the whole Sony Pictures hacks and all that stuff.
Maybe. I don't know. Usually, there's some type of cause. But in the absence of that, if it's quote-unquote for the lolz, then that just tells me it's attention.
They're doing it to get attention. They want everybody to see that they wield the power and they will happily shut down whatever networks they want as they so please, yada, yada, yada.
So every time you tweet their name and every time I see it trending on Twitter that the jizzmasters, you know, are in the top ten on Twitter and so forth, I just shudder because they are getting what they want.
And that's why they will continue to do all this crap until eventually, and this is the way it will always go down, eventually, one of them will turn on another to get more attention and then they all turn on each other and stab each other in the back and the whole thing topples down.
Look at what happened to, there was a group about a year ago, it was very, they weren't shutting down PlayStation and all that stuff, but they were doing all these extreme hackings and so forth.
And what happened? One guy turned on all the others, right? Isn't that what happened?
LulzSec, I think.
That's what it was. And there was one guy that turned, like the FBI caught one guy and got him to rat out all the others. Isn't that the deal? Something like that?
Something like that.
That's what will happen here inevitably too. And so, you know, a lot of guys, what's taking so long? Why isn't this getting shut down?
Well, probably, you know, our government can be kind of slow sometimes. I don't know if you all noticed, but if you ever try to see like how a law gets passed and so forth, it takes a very long time.
So for all you know, they're already infiltrated and we're just waiting for everybody to get caught. I mean, that's, you know, we'll see what happens. But anyway.
I just had to get on tangent. I just stop saying their name, stop, stop contributing to them trending on Twitter because they're using your tiers as lubricant.
I mean, that's what goes on in these people's minds. Really. I mean, really. So pretty much. Please think. Anyway.
So yeah. So the servers are dead. So no PlayStation or Xbox for people on Christmas Day. So if you're that 9, 10-year-old kid, mommy, mommy, daddy, daddy, all I want for Christmas is an Xbox One.
And then you get one, you can't even play it online. That's like way to be a buzzkill. Now, of course, there are two sides of it.
And that could be as well as if Microsoft and Sony know that they are going to be the target of attacks, then why are they better prepared for shit like this?
Especially Sony right now. I mean, I'm not even talking about the Sony pictures hack, which is still kind of a thing.
But even after the shit that they went through three years ago, let us not forget, when, you know, actual account information was stolen, credit card information was taken and so forth, you would think that Sony would be a little better prepared for this type of stuff.
Now, I don't profess to know all the technical workings about dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah. But I mean, can't Sony arm themselves a little better against an attack like this? Loki?
I would think that they would be able to, but I don't know. I don't really know. Once again, I'm not sure how that stuff works. So, don't know.
Let's see. Dungeon Buster in chat says, FBI is already investigating one of them, but he's in Finland. They can refuse extradition. And then don't get worked up over this. It's nothing. Pay it zero attention. I did.
Well, I say don't say their name. That's, anyway, whatever. Let's see. And then Tiger Claw says, I think somebody from the Jizzmasters got interviewed and they said the reason they did it was to prove a point that Xbox Live and PlayStation Network have crappy security.
There's other ways to prove that point than shutting the networks down on Christmas Day, I would think. I mean, there's other ways to do it. And aren't the people that are trying to, I mean, God, it's like a fucking soap opera.
Like, aren't the people that are trying to attack the Jizzmasters in turn, like the good guys, quote, unquote, aren't they trying to help Sony and Microsoft kind of better their security? Aren't they, like, sending that type of information over?
I don't know.
That's what I thought I was hearing.
Maybe. Who knows?
Such a bit. These are the, these are the sands to the hourglass, like the days of our hacking lives.
It's just like, once again, you know, even with Anonymous and stuff, there's no organization to it. So you could have people that could be part of Anonymous or say that they're part of Anonymous and then they're in their own little group and it doesn't matter.
If an organization like that had a head, it'd be easier to take down.
Well, yeah. And if you said you were part of Anonymous and you're not really Anonymous, are you?
I mean, isn't that the trick? Isn't that, isn't that the thing? I thought that's how it works.
Well, you're still Anonymous.
But you're not, because you just said, you said I'm with them. But, but okay. Well, I thought the thing was you're supposed to, it's in the name. You stay Anonymous, right?
Well, you don't know who they are, so they're technically Anonymous.
I'm confused. Am I just too old? Is that what this is? Have I, have I hit that point where I'm too old for this?
Don't worry, Rob. We'll get you your cane next year.
I guess so. I don't understand. All right. Let's see. Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Ragenator says, Sony did better arm themselves, Sky, but their hamster that served as chief security officer recently died from overuse of exercise wheels.
Kaijuto in chat says they do it more for the laughs, not attention. If they wanted attention, they'd show themselves.
Well, they are showing themselves. You know their name. Everybody's tweeting it. I, I, I don't see where they're not showing themselves. They are.
This is just their, their chosen identity that they're, they're putting out there or whatever. So, I don't know. Anyway, I just, I'm disappointed that we pay for Xbox Live.
We now pay for PlayStation Plus and I get that, I get that there's great deals on games and all this stuff, but part of their reasoning for charging for PlayStation Plus was because we need to better our security.
We can't afford to do all the free, you know, stuff anymore. It's not, you know, they, they throw all these lines at us about what, about why they're going to charge for PlayStation Plus because they want more money, right?
And this happens. And it's down for three days during one of the busiest periods of the year. And boy oh boy, you should have seen some of the Twitter spats I was having over this thing this week.
Which, you know, I understand I respect everybody's opinion and the places they're coming from, but it was getting a little heated on Twitter. And, you know, I get it.
Some people and the way they complain about things like this is like, I want my money and I want it now. You know, some people throw a real tissy fit about it. And, you know, I, I understand that there's, I have very thin patience for things like that too.
But at the same time, if people are going to be upset that what they pay for isn't working for three days, I would think that they are entitled to some type of compensation.
I'd like to quote something my husband's fond of saying. How does it feel to want?
Well, but okay. But then why are we paying for it? Maybe my PlayStation Plus is up for renewal. Maybe I won't renew it this time.
Okay, then don't. Speak with your money.
I might not. I'm going to wait and see what they do in response to this whole thing to see if I'm going to renew it or not.
But even like the most shittiest customer service experience that I can think of, Comcast, even them, you know, if you complain in your services like, stay out for a couple days or something, they'll usually credit your bill those couple of days.
And I'm not, I'm not saying that Sony has to come out and provide all these free games again and have it be like fucking Christmas all over again and all this stuff. That's not what I'm saying.
All I would like Sony to do in this situation is acknowledge our network was vulnerable to this and this is what we're doing to make it better.
And since we were down for three days, we're going to credit everybody with three days.
That's all I want. And that's all I think any, any person wants in this situation when things get heated is that you want the corporation or just not Joe Blow who represents corporation gets paid to take all the verbal.
Credit the people that have PlayStation Plus like a couple bucks or something, you know, because that I understand that you can't, there's no really no way to extend your, you know, membership out a couple days because I think it renews.
I'm not even sure that really does it for me because yeah, if you work out the math, it ends up being like less than a dollar, but I want Sony to say it was vulnerable.
We got attacked and this is how we're going to make it better. And I know a lot of you guys, a lot of you cynics are out there saying they're never going to admit that. Well then why are we continuing to support it?
Everybody gets a free PlayStation Go or a PlayStation portable. Was it a PSP Go, PSP Go. They've got tons of those. I'm sure.
I don't know. It's, it's not so much about the, because I also understand where it's kind of bullshit that somebody else, an outside influence takes down their network. And so now Sony has to pay up for that.
But at the same time, why has Sony been down for three days? Like this says a lot about their security.
How quickly was Microsoft able to get up?
They got up and within 24 hours, I'm pretty sure. But any, but, and then here, here sits Nintendo who knew that, you know, your Wii U is the only thing that was going to be online this holiday. Who knew?
Well, and then once again, it think, you know, the reason why is resources, you know, it's like, okay, well we can take down two, you know, come, you know, if we take down Nintendo, I don't think a lot of people are going to give a crap.
But well, but at the same time, I think it's easy to say that. I think it's easy to say they didn't target Nintendo because they just don't fucking care. And that's, and maybe that's the truth, but at the same time, consider this.
If they did target Nintendo and they couldn't do it, would they admit it? I don't think so.
I think I remember reading that they said they're fans of Nintendo, which is why they didn't do that.
And I'm saying they're criminals and that could just be a convenient excuse for you couldn't do it. You couldn't do it. So you're, you made a convenient excuse that you're fans of Nintendo. I'm just, consider it. Why not?
Why not? Because this is a company that just now figured out how to do DLC, you know, what like a decade after everybody else. I'm sorry. I don't believe for a second that they have some sort of security system that's, you know, out matching any other game network security system.
Could that be the reason why it's taken so long is because they wanted to do it right. I'm just, I don't think so. I don't think so at all.
All right. We'll see if they, if, if these, if jizz masters or whoever comes next decides to take out Nintendo, then whatever, I guess I'll be proven wrong. But for what it's worth right now, saying that they couldn't, they didn't want to do it. It could be a convenient excuse.
So that's all. Anyway, going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com. Tigerclaw says there Nintendo security is really tight because nobody ever hacks them. Nintendo does have a bunch of credit cards on file. You would think, you would think.
Let's see. Bonds006 says Nintendo laughed all the way to the bank on not getting a DDoS attack. DGRamaS says Nintendo has a network? Question mark. So there you go.
And then Fifth Dream says no one is breaking into anything. And that I understand the whole concept about hackers versus DDoS flood and all this stuff.
Whatever label you want to put on it, it's being a dick. So they're being a dick. That's, that's what it is at the end of the day. They're being a dick by shutting down PlayStation Network and Xbox Live on Christmas day. That's just being a dick.
Anyway, sadly, that was one of the biggest news stories that came out of the week, but there were some other things that happened during the week, including this, which interesting timing on this. Speaking of Nintendo, Nintendo is upping their lobbying presence.
So you know what it means to be like lobbying means you have money. That's when you lob money at people and hope it sticks. That's when you lob money at people and you get their votes in return. That's essentially what it is.
And Nintendo is increasing their lobbying presence. And what they did, they hired, and I will probably mispronounce this name, called Cho-Groves Consulting.
And what they're going to be doing is lobbying the federal government on issues related to intellectual property, intellectual trade, and anti-piracy measures. Now this is according to recent lobbying disclosures, as there are rules and things. You have to make certain disclosures as a public company like that.
So we can get into specific names and all that, but I don't see the point into that. But that's overall what's happening. Nintendo has hired this firm to lobby Washington on issues such as IP, international trade, and anti-piracy measures.
Because, you know, Nintendo does get hit with a lot of these piracy things all the time, right? These DS and 3DS loaders that allow you to download carts from online and install them on the flash cart and so forth, right? The R5, is that what it was called?
R4.
They got it banned in a lot of places, and you can't sell it anymore, but Nintendo does fall victim to that quite a lot. And I imagine when it comes to intellectual property, you could probably get all sorts of bootleg t-shirts with bootleg Mario and bootleg Zelda on them everywhere.
I know, I mean, look at their games. There's games on other systems like the CDI, I mean, clearly those couldn't have been possible.
Clearly, Nintendo would have never allowed that.
Seriously.
But, I mean, in all honesty, we also have, you know, when anybody can make a game for iOS, you know, how easy would it be to put a copy of Super Mario Brothers on there?
Or somehow backload, you know, an emulator or something.
I wonder if that'll come up later in the show.
I wonder.
Or something like that, you know? Exactly.
So Nintendo, what do you think they hope to accomplish with the lobbying that they're doing? What kind of law are they looking to get passed with this?
Is it something about clamping down on intellectual property in relation to games and so forth or what?
I don't like it any, I don't know. I hate lobbyists.
Do you think that they're looking to hold a company like Apple or Google responsible when a clone gets through onto their stores?
Just throwing it out there. I don't know. I'm not saying I want it or I'm just, could that be what they're lobbying for?
Maybe. I mean, I don't know. I don't know. I still don't like lobbyists.
Yeah?
Yeah, because usually, especially when you have companies like this, I understand they're just trying to, you know, get the passage of certain types of laws for them.
And I'm sorry you have a lot of it ends up being anti-consumer because they kind of overstep their bounds.
Look at like, you know, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Yeah, that did a number on everything. Thanks. Yeah.
Well, when I hear about these companies are interested in lobbying, I worry about things like, remember SOPA?
A couple of years ago, that whole thing that they were trying to pass where they could, they could just shut down your website without even taking you to court or whatever.
And all us indie folks are banding together going, hold on, hold on. No, this is some bullshit right here. Hold on.
And, you know, it was one of those rare cases where the people of America spoke up and shut the lobbyists down because enough people, you know, rose up against it.
Which I'm, you know, at the same time though, I'm all for if Nintendo wants to try and prevent piracy and so forth, they have a right to do that.
You know, you, as much as it might make some people upset to hear, you have to understand it is wrong for you to download Pokemon Ruby Sapphire remakes on 3DS and play them for free.
Like that, that is wrong to do that. No, I understand that.
My problem I have with it is when they start saying, oh, we're protecting our, you know, our IP by not allowing you to make a YouTube video or something like that.
Yeah. Yeah. It's like, how far does that hand go? How far does it go? I get that.
Or like, oh yeah, you, um, you know, you made this like fan, you know, art type thing. Oh, I'm sorry. That's, you know, violating our, you know, IP or something.
Right.
That's where I have the problem.
Yeah. That I, I get that is that, you know, how, how far does that do those protections shorter reach? And you're right. And I've bitched about this on the show.
I don't know how many times a lot of the stuff on YouTube goes too far and it's all, none of it, none of YouTube's rules are in the interest of the people that make the content for YouTube.
That's the thing that blows my mind how they are so damn successful when the people that actually create the content for YouTube, YouTube never defends.
YouTube never sticks up for them. YouTube doesn't care about them. They always bend over to copyright holders first, even if the copyright holders don't have a legitimate claim.
Yeah.
It's crazy to me.
And there's people abusing the system even, you know, like there's some indie guys out there and, um, not even indies, but like Warner, you know, they were doing that where, oh, you, you're not part of our, uh, you know, our embargo reviews or whatever like that.
Or, you know, you had to agree to this in order to be able to put the video out at a certain date, but you didn't get, somehow you received a copy of the game and now you're not allowed to put this video out there because you didn't sign this agreement or something that it's messed up.
Uh, Tigerclaw with an interesting perspective in our chat room over at a live.vognetwork.com saying, maybe the lobbying is also to help protect them against these companies trying to sue them for patent infringing.
Well, now that's fine. That's once again, that's going up against, you know, these trademark laws and stuff like that or, you know, copyright laws.
We'll all support Nintendo on that one.
There needs to be copyright law reform anyways, and I'm fine with that, but I just don't think that, you know, I don't think that's the case in this time. I think it's something else.
Let's see, uh, Kaijuto in chat says Nintendo wants to freeze the pirates in Carbonite. Well, they probably would if they could.
Uh, and bonds006 says Google, owner of YouTube, is making money for the video hits. That is their business.
Well, imagine if people stopped making videos for them to get the hits on. I'm just saying, like, and I've, I've even created stuff on YouTube and I've, I've made stuff and so forth.
And I get very frustrated with some of their little like claims where they claim that I'm using copyrighted stuff, but I'm literally looking at the website where they have released all those rights to people that want to do Let's Play videos and so forth.
But you can't fucking send that information to YouTube because there's not a human being there.
So why am I still on YouTube? Because there is, like, literally no other site. There's literally no other site that takes, like, ga-, that'll take gaming content.
Because it's such a slippery slope, admittedly. But, ugh, so irritating.
Uh, DarkSakura, you re-, you get into some of this political stuff sometimes and so forth. I'm dying to know your thoughts. What do you think about Nintendo, uh, getting a lobbying firm to represent them?
I'm not really surprised. I mean, especially now, if you also look at the fact that Nintendo has been getting into more and more online content, they could very well be throwing in their lot with, um, some of the issues regarding net neutrality as well.
So that was another thing that I was sort of thinking of.
Oh, good point.
Um, I-, I-, as I've said for other issues in the past, I don't want to speculate until I have something more firm.
But I think that, yeah, I really don't know what to think, to be honest.
That's a really good point, though, about the net neutrality. I didn't even think of that, but you're right. Now that Nintendo, like, actually has more online playable games, as they've had a few this year, that's something of particular interest to them.
And they've always taken a very, I would say, solid approach to protecting their IPs, to protecting their interests, and I could see where it would be beneficial for them to throw their lot in with the political game.
So, I still-, I think it's all speculation at this point. We have no idea. I'd rather wait for something more concrete.
You know, some people have called Nintendo the Disney of video games, which is-, it's really not a bad comparison in many ways. I mean, it's a quick and rushed and sloppy comparison in some ways.
But in other ways, I mean, you have these extremely identifiable characters. You got Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, you got Mario, Link, and, you know, all these characters in Smash Brothers on Nintendo's side.
It's not to say that Sony and Microsoft don't have their own, but there's also other animation studio-, like, you know, there's Warner Brothers, there's other animation studios outside of Disney, too.
Don Bluth.
Yeah, there's all this other stuff, right? So, but Nintendo, in some ways, is the Disney of the video gaming world.
And we all know that Disney-, look at what Disney does. Like, if you look at, like, Disney's lobbyist, Disney got copyright law changed to prevent Mickey Mouse from going public domain.
Mickey Mouse was supposed to go public domain, like, in the last decade or something, but Disney lobbied to get copyright laws changed so that Mickey Mouse wouldn't go public domain.
That was-, that was to keep-, keep that protection, basically. And so, it, like, doubled the length of time or something like that, that something will stay copyright before it goes into public domain.
So, I mean, if you're curious about the types of stuff Nintendo might be doing, Disney might be a company to look to for inspiration of what they're doing. Who knows? Just throwing a thought out there.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on with some more news. DarkSakura.
Well, we do have some news out of the fuckery that came through with Assassin's Creed Unity.
Well, there is a patch out now that improves the performance of the game.
This third patch is supposed to fix framerate issues and make the game play more fluidly.
That's with this fourth patch. Basically, it's 6.5 gigabytes and it refurbishes, as they've said, some of the areas, especially here it says in Paris.
It's supposed to be more beneficial for PS4, but there are some updates on Xbox One that people should see.
So, they're trying to make the games fit each other, each edition of it, look more alike in terms of quality.
Really, the other thing too is that they're supposed to help the NPCs run more smoothly instead of just being sort of useless there.
Not really that it's helping anything like framerate or anything like that, but they said overall it's supposed to just improve the playing of the game.
It does look like, though, from some of the scenes that there are more NPCs included now without too much of a framerate drop.
So, maybe that's something.
Yeah. You know, Extrovert over in Hoard House, I've been noticing his tweets, he's been playing this more and more and it really sounds like a lot of the issues that were going on have been addressed.
So, kind of a bummer that it had such a botched launch, like the game might be great now, but, you know, are there going to be as many people that stuck with it to discover it? We'll see.
We'll see. Of course, if they were to end up slashing the price of the game by 20 bucks, I suppose that's going to open it up to a whole new audience that will check it out at that point.
I still won't buy it.
Well, you never know. I think there'd be a lot of people that would.
I pretty much know I won't buy it.
Yeah. I know I wouldn't buy it because I'm not a fan of Assassin's Creed.
Yeah.
I tried.
The only ones of those I'd ever had an interest in was the second one, which I did buy, but that was also when I was having this minor obsession with learning everything about the Medici family.
And I loved their whole drama.
So, playing a game where I get to go around killing historical figures was pretty cool.
I never got super super into the Assassin's Creed series, but I understand why they're popular.
And I did play three, I think it was, which I'm even told is not one of the stronger games, but I actually was pretty impressed with the storytelling in it.
So, for as little as I did play, I was like, oh, this is kind of rad.
So, I get why people are super into that series.
I do think they're putting them out a bit too frequently, and I think that's starting to shoot them in the foot.
And they might really want to consider scaling it back to one every other year, as much as some of the fans may not want to hear that.
But I think that could be a good, healthy thing for the series. In the long run, you'd probably get better games out of it.
But we'll see what happens. We'll see.
Moving on. Loki.
So, Destiny's done pretty well for itself.
Right now, they have, I guess, just about 13 million players playing the game.
And they said, with that, over almost 23 million characters created, and over 872 million hours.
That's a lot of hours.
That's a lot of people grinding for nothing.
Yeah, and I still haven't played yet. Still sitting, collecting dust on my phone.
Why not?
Why not? Just don't have time, and also got a limited amount of time.
Got to dedicate all that free time right now to VOGJAM.
Once it's done, maybe I'll take a break and do that.
But then I gotta go back to my other game, too.
Maybe by that time, they'll have the balance patch out or something that helps out.
I really don't like their whole concept for endgame in that game.
Gear with light on it is the way you level up? What?
And then the expansion does nothing to bridge the gap at all for people that want to catch up?
I don't get it.
But I know some people that are super into it still, and love it, and think it's one of the best games of the year.
They play Watch Dogs, too.
It's also sitting there.
I played a little bit of that. That game's pretty good. It's interesting.
Let's talk about Amiibo.
Amiibo's been doing crazy well for Nintendo. Lots of them selling.
We talked a little bit last week about how Toys R Us was having some issues around the whole Amiibo.
There is a little update to that whole thing.
Toys R Us actually canceled a bunch of the Lucario Amiibo.
Some orders got reinstated, and some other people were able to get a different way of ordering.
Like if you use PayPal or a gift card or whatever.
There might be a redemption code that these folks received this week.
Maybe some of you out there were in this.
Where if you had pre-ordered a Wave 3 Amiibo, what happened is that there's a coupon that will bring the price down to $10.99.
So I guess what happens is that they have the Amiibo in stock at $999.
But these people that pre-ordered and then couldn't get it, they can go get it now for $10.99.
That's even cheaper than I believe with the manufacturer. Aren't they usually $12.99?
Yeah.
And then that way other people aren't going to buy them for, you know, they're not going to scoop them all up for $999.
But if they do, they're crazy. You get to get them even cheaper from scalpers on eBay than that.
So, there you go.
Toys R Us trying to resolve that crazy Amiibo situation which, man, those Amiibos, it's nuts.
But then again, Dark Soccer, you said you saw some on Christmas Eve.
Yeah.
And my assumption was that you were probably seeing the common ones that Nintendo has said they're going to put tons of out there like Mario and Link and all that stuff.
Yeah. I got a Link one for Secret Santa for somebody.
Yeah. The ones that people are going crazy over are like the limited ones that are coming out in these little waves like Wii Fit Trainer and now what?
Little Mac and Pit, I think, were in this latest bunch and it's, yeah, people going crazy for it.
But I, dude, I got friends on Twitter that have like every single Amiibo.
And like, so they were trading tips, like somebody was saying, oh, a spice rack is a really good way to display your Amiibo.
And I was kind of looking at it going, that actually does look really cool.
I got a hint that that's a good tip.
But some people are collecting it like totally just for the figures.
Like doesn't even, like some people, like again, again, Nintendo is the Disney of the gaming world in many ways, in many ways.
And there's another great example that people just want to have the little figurines.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange On Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, rock.
Dark Soccer, what do you have for us before we get to what I'm sure will be a very dry release day schedule?
Well, actually kind of dry news, but it's sort of interesting.
There's a UK games industry publication, MCV, and another one called Develop, that are doing a 2015 salary survey for people in the video games industry.
This is including publishers, retailers, developers, services, anywhere in the world.
And basically they're wanting to collect what people's salaries are for their positions worldwide.
I guess to do a big survey on it.
If any of our listeners are in the industry, you can go to MCVUK.com and participate in the survey.
So I will also be sharing a link with that in the chat room.
Nice. Interesting. Did you do any research, just kind of digging in to see what kind of money people are making?
I would honestly put it more in the category of making sure that people are being paid fairly around the world.
You know, seeing if people are actually being paid what their degrees are worth for one thing.
It's actually a pretty good way also of seeing exactly what the industry is doing with the money it's bringing in.
So maybe it's trying to hold them to some ethics.
Nice. I like that.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and see what is coming out to a video game store near you.
I imagine it's going to be pretty dry this week, but let's check anyway. Loki?
Yeah, in fact, I'll just take a look at that.
Because usually in January there's some things, you know, very little.
But the next thing I show coming out is not until the 20th, and that would be Saints Row Gat Out of Hell.
But yeah, unfortunately, nothing this week.
Alright, well, traveling over to Japan and checking out the releases over there.
You know what? It's looking very, very thin over there as well, and I think it's going to be for a little bit.
On the PlayStation 4, I don't see anything until late January, and that's really the same story on the Xbox One.
The Wii U. The Wii U does... Oh, no, that's Europe.
I was going to say they get Captain Toad Treasure Tracker, but that's actually Europe, gets that very early January.
Sorry, Jamie, didn't mean to spoil that.
And yeah, honestly, I'm even looking at the Vita, the 3DS, nothing.
Japanese release dates aren't really going to pick up again until mid or late January.
There's a lot coming in late January, but I think we have really exited the season of game releases for a good month.
But Dark Sakura, let's check in with Europe anyway.
Jack shit.
I thought that might be the case.
Yep, Jack shit put up by EA.
So, one thing we don't usually get here is a list of digital releases, so I'm not sure, but probably this week, nothing.
I would imagine you'll see a lot of sales, though, so keep an eye out for that.
All right, let's do a couple more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week. Loki.
All right, so I guess this is good news for Nintendo, because the federal court has dismissed the patent case against them for their Wiimote.
I'm trying to remember which patent this one was, because there's been several for the Wiimote.
This one, I guess, is Ultimate Pointer, and I guess they had a patent for easily deployable interactive direct pointing system and presentation control system and calibration method, therefore...
Wow, that's really fancily worded.
And this was back from, I guess, 2011 is when this case was filed originally.
And, of course, you know, they're very pleased with the decision, and, you know, the fact that they haven't, you know, infringed on any patents and stuff.
Of course, you know, I want to say, yeah, this isn't necessarily completely in their favor, because you may remember, you know, not too long ago,
Philips won the dispute against Nintendo for the Wiimote thing. See, this is what kind of confuses me about that.
It's like, how can you have multiple companies claiming that you're infringing on their patents for things?
I mean, it's like, which one of you actually made this? I mean, they can't all be here.
Well, because there's more than one thing that comes into play, and I want to say, with the Philips one, and again, I don't get paid to follow this stuff, so I have a hard time.
But I believe it was specifically with a remote control type device that controlled games. That was Philips' whole thing.
And then somebody else might claim to have the patent on the, I don't know, just humor me here, infrared sensor bars or whatever, right?
Other components that make up the Wii. I think somebody took issue with the whole Wii channel interface was an issue for somebody that sued Nintendo.
So, it's all those little bits and pieces, everybody wants, you know, their piece of it.
Lame.
I know. Law is complicated. That's what I should have got into, and I'd be rich with all these.
Why you gotta be, you know, why you gotta be picking on Nintendo? I mean, seriously, they're having enough trouble as it is with, you know, getting the Wii U launched.
You know, but their online was up during the holidays, so there's that trade-off, I guess.
Alright, bonds006 in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says,
The patent suit against Nintendo is still going on. I would think Nintendo settled this case or settled out of court.
Nintendo, though, also strikes me as the type of company that doesn't want to settle for shit.
Because that would admit proving, or that would admit some type of guilt, even though there's a type of settlement you can do that is, you're doing a settlement without any admission of wrongdoing.
But I think even that Nintendo does not want to do unless, like, their back is against the wall or something, you know what I mean?
Anyhow, speaking of Nintendo, there's just a lot of news coming out of them on this very slow week, including the new anime app Crunchyroll, which is now available on the Wii U.
That's not new.
I know nothing about-
Crunchyroll's been out forever.
I know Crunchyroll's been out forever, but not on the Wii U. That's the news.
It's now out on the Wii U, woo!
I don't know Crunchyroll. Tell me about this service, though.
It's how I watch Sailor Moon.
Seriously, I'm watching the new Sailor Moon series. I paid for Crunchyroll just so I could watch it.
Well, now you can get it on the Wii U, and if you want to use it, you have to have a premium Crunchyroll membership. That is going to cost you about $12 a month.
But if you want to get into watching lots and lots and lots of anime, this is a great way to do that.
Is it implied by that picture that the Animal Crossing movie is on there?
That's my assumption, but whoever ran this article could have just tried to tie it to video caving.
Anime Nintendo.
Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, Anime Nintendo. Who knows? I do not know.
And the Animal Crossing movie is super adorable.
I would ask Rama, or Giovanni, one of the folks over at Anime Jam Session, which I can throw a programming note out there.
They are on holiday break. They won't be back until mid-January.
But they are bringing us a new episode this week from DerpyCon, which I guess they taped a while ago, so they're going to play it this week.
But that would be the guy to ask. I would assume he would know if this is available or not, because I sure don't.
I did the program guide for DerpyCon.
DJ Rama S says it's better on Hulu.
So there you go, from the guy who knows his shit himself.
Alright, let's travel back to a classic time in games. Let's travel back to a time when you didn't watch fuckin' anime on your video game console.
You had a friend who lived in Japan send you tapes.
Off of TV.
Off of TV.
So you also got introduced to Japanese game shows that way too.
That's right, which really is the best.
There really is.
And I wish they had a whole television network in the US that was all Japanese game shows.
That was the first time I'd ever seen a dog shit live on TV.
I'd love it. I'd love it. I'd love it.
No, no, no, no. It was, it was, they were doing, like, cow soccer and dog soccer and baby soccer.
And the dog, like, they were trying to lure it with treats and everything.
And finally it looks from one side to the other, stops and shits.
And then they replayed it.
That's awesome. That's like Puppy Bowl.
Puppy Bowl.
Anyway, before my co-host took the conversation literally to dog shit discussion,
we were gonna get into the classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer's gonna step into the gaming vault and over the poo on the ground
and find a game that she thinks, hey, you should really think about checking out this game this week.
Because, uh, there's nothing else to play this week unless you, you know, your catchphrase.
I gotta say, though, that, that's the only thing that was probably missing from,
was that that dog football game that they had on the Wii is dogs, you know, randomly shitting on the field.
Push X to shit?
And you know what, you know what, what would have been fun is that if they leave the shit there,
then it can cause, like, dog, other accidents, like, they could slip in the shit or something.
You guys think about this way too much. I'm getting uncomfortable.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
Balloon Fight. I picked it because Dan said so.
I was literally sitting there going, Dan, I need a game. You should do Balloon Fight.
This is a good game, though.
Okay.
Well, I don't know, I used the term good loosely, but it's influenced a lot.
Well, and he's the one who told me to put the other video up, so that's why I linked it to you.
Because it actually has the, the full music. So it'd be a good idea.
Anyway, Balloon Fight came out in 1985. It was developed by Nintendo.
It's a joust ripoff, but that's okay, because apparently Nintendo can rip off whoever they want to,
but other people can't rip off of them.
It actually first was out in 1984 as Versus Balloon Fight, which was an arcade one.
It was the Nintendo Versus system, which I'm sure we all remembered how this pissed us off because of their time limits and whatnot.
The official console version of it in the US came out in 1986.
And it is very much like joust. You sort of float around and run into your enemies and knock them down.
It has had ports. The actual NES version was ported to the NEC PC-8801 October 1985, and then the Sharp X1 in November 1985.
We have a Game Boy Advance version called Balloon Fight E for the E-Reader. Who remembers that? I had that one.
I do. I had that one.
I thought that was rad that you had, like, you had a video game on a frickin' card.
Yep. That was awesome. Well, five cards, but still.
And I had, uh, that came out in 2002, and then the Famicom miniseries came out in 2004.
So, basically, like I had said before, joust, you know, like, um, you play as a balloon fighter who has balloons attached to his helmet, which totally wouldn't work in the real world. Don't try this at home, kids.
And you keep pressing the A button or holding down the B button to flap his arms and rise into the air.
If your balloon is popped, or if one of the balloons is popped, then you lose some flotation, making it a lot harder to rise.
And if you lose both of your balloons, then, you know, you're dead.
You fall to the ground and crash your head open.
And you die, die, die.
I'm kidding. Um, if you fall into the water, you can get eaten by a large piranha, too, which is awesome. Or you can get hit by lightning.
So you have the one player and then you have the two player game, um, where you just have to clear the enemy, and then you have Balloon Trip, which is the second video. Rob.
Uh, yes, which I actually, I think some of the music just played there in the background, but let me, let me bring up video number two.
This is the Balloon Trip music, which is the full theme.
Okay.
Um, Balloon Trip is where you're supposed to avoid obstacles on a side-scrolling stage.
Um, the original arcade version did not have Balloon Trip, but the, um, but I mean, it's, it's different every time you do it.
Um, so basically you just have to clean off the stages and you burst balloons for other people, and you have your bonus stages.
You have, now I mentioned all of the other versions as well. It was also on Animal Crossing on GameCube.
Um, there was a Game & Watch version as well, uh, and it was based off of the Balloon Trip mode, and then, um, you play as Balloon Man.
Uh, there were also, there was a sequel called Balloon Kid that came out in 1990, um, 1991 in Europe, um, on the Game Boy, that, uh, turned into a platforming version.
And it, uh, did not come out in Japan, but there was a version that was Hello Kitty World that came out, um, that had all that on there.
There was a port on the Sharp, uh, Zaris, the PDAs.
And I don't know if you were going to mention it or not, but lest we forget the Tingle version, that they had a Balloon Trip as well.
Yes, there was, uh, you had, uh, hold on, because I was just actually getting to one of that.
You can actually get the Balloon Fighter Helmet as a power-up for the Wii U, uh, Super Smash Brothers.
Um, and then in WarioWare, you had a Balloon Fight version as well.
Uh, there was Yoshi Touch and Go that had Yoshi's Balloon Trip.
Um, we had the Tingle one as well, which was called Tingle's Balloon Fight for Nintendo DS.
Um, it came out on Virtual Console a few times. It's been on the Wii U Virtual Console.
So yeah, there's a lot of Balloon Fight. I'm looking at just an entire page of Balloon Fight right the fuck now.
Never-ending Balloon Fight information. Well, and, uh, in Smash Brothers, the villager uses some of that Balloon Fight stuff.
Well, that's why I said there's a power-up. It's the Balloon Fight Helmet.
Yeah, yeah. Is it actually in Smash Brothers, or is that the balloon for, like, the packages that come in?
No, no, no, they have the Balloon Fight Helmet in the two new ones.
Yeah. So, it has been out on Arcade, Famicom, PC-88, uh, Sharp X1, uh, Game & Watch, Game Boy, Game Boy Pocket, the Sharp Xaris, the GBA eReader, uh, other versions on GBA DS, Wii Virtual Console, 3DS Virtual Console, and Wii U Virtual Console.
So, Nintendo, I know we love, we know you love Balloon Fight, but really, that's a lot of fucking Balloon Fight.
And, and, surprisingly, they never really revisited the game for as much as they, you know, are kinda, you know, on this game.
Balloon Fight for Oculus.
Balloon Fight 2.
Now it's personal.
Bigger, fluffier balloons.
Silicon.
Mylar balloons.
Alright. Anyhow.
Yeah, that would be like a power-up, you get the Mylar balloons that, like, never fucking die.
Exactly. Pop this, motherfucker.
Yeah.
You could, if it hits the power line, and in which case, you know.
Electrocutes everyone.
That's right.
Breaks the power line.
That's right. Shuts down power in the entire city all night.
Alright.
And then everyone tries to hunt you down with your balloons.
There it is.
And kill you.
Classic Game of the Week Balloon Fight on the NES.
You know what? We have a lot of imagination.
We do. We have some very active imaginations.
Which we hope people will turn to reality in our video game jam that's going on right now.
I'm gonna hire someone. I'm gonna outsource my game to Russia.
So I can be, like, a real developer.
That's pretty good. I like that.
Alright, we're gonna take a break, guys. We are gonna take a quick break.
When we come back, we're gonna do rapid-fire news, and then we're gonna get into it.
All your gaming podcasts are gonna be doing this this week.
Our top games of 2014.
The top three games of the year from us here in the OLR Studios.
And from you guys out there on the internet, on Skype.
Username OrangeLoungeRadio.
Via phone, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
We are gonna be hearing your top three games of the year when we come back with a break with more of OrangeLoungeRadio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to OrangeLoungeRadio.
Live on this Sunday, December the 28th, 2014.
Episode 581 of our show, currently in progress.
We are about to get to our top three games of the year and your top three games of the year.
Gonna be able to call us on Skype here shortly.
Username OrangeLoungeRadio. All one word on Skype.
Or our phone number, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But first, we have some rapid-fire news to get to before we get to the big games of the year list.
So, Loki, let's get to it.
Alright. Wasn't a whole lot this week, but let's start off with a cool cameo that's gonna be happening with a couple indie games.
You may remember there's, well actually, both of these were Kickstarters at one time.
But Road Redemption, which is in Early Access, and it's kind of like a spiritual successor to Road Rash.
Well, they're gonna get a cameo from Shovel Knight in that as well.
And you can actually use Shovel Knight as a character in the game and hit people on motorcycles with the shovel.
So that's pretty awesome.
So, check that out. I guess, I think that's a free download that they're gonna be including in there.
If you're playing on pre-ordering the Resident Evil HD collection, or I should say the remake that they're doing in HD,
on the PlayStation Network, you can actually get that as a cross-buy title.
So if you don't have a PlayStation 4 yet, or maybe you own a PlayStation 3 and a PlayStation 4,
if you buy it digitally, you will get it unlocked on both systems.
So that's pretty awesome.
It is only available, though, to pre-order, so you have to purchase the game before it comes out.
And it looks like that will be coming out on January 20th, 2015.
And then, let's see, last but not least, because of the whole hacking incident,
Rockstar Games is extending their Grand Theft Auto Christmas event that they have going on for Grand Theft Auto Online,
which includes some different outfits and stuff you can buy.
Hopefully that means the snow, because I missed the snow again for the second time in the year.
They always do snow around the holidays in the game, which is kind of cool.
So, yeah. And I guess that'll be now available through January 5th.
That's good that they are extending that. I hope some other games extend their holiday stuff, too, to kind of make up for that.
Destiny, I think, was doing their event that they had going on.
They're extending that out, but I didn't remember how long that was, too.
Dragon Age multiplayer, I know if you log on, you can get a Mary Chest or something like that right now,
and they extended that as well, so you can get that later.
That's kind of nice.
I finally, finally full-cleared a map on Dragon Age multiplayer.
That was hard. This is no joke, the Dragon Age multiplayer, but I finally did that this week.
I have yet to play it.
It's interesting. You should check it out. It's very different than the Mass Effect multiplayer, but sadly, I'm on PlayStation 4.
I've had to play with nothing but strangers, but I just turned the voice communication off, and it's fine.
Again, the nice thing is it's co-op, so for them to sit there and just say, like,
You suck! It's not going to help anybody.
Usually, co-op people are a little bit more civil.
Exactly.
Unless you're really holding things up somehow.
In which case, again, they're only going to end up hurting themselves.
They start berating you, then you just quit, and then they have to play with one less person,
which really is a hard thing to have in Dragon Age.
Completely off-topic. I don't know if it's actually today, but has Stan Lee turned 92?
I have no idea if today is his birthday, but that sounds about the right age.
It's fucking intense.
He's an antique. He's a national treasure.
He's not allowed to die.
Never.
Excelsior, then.
Excelsior, exactly.
Him and Betty White should, like, collaborate.
I'm not sure on what, but it would be awesome.
They should stop, collaborate, and listen.
Oh, you. Alright.
That's it for Rapid Fire News.
That's it. That's all we got.
I know usually Dark Soccer and I have something, but it was kind of a slow news week, guys.
It's the holidays.
So, we're ready to get into, and instead of the frugal question of the week,
we're going to invite you guys to participate tonight.
By the way, TigerConChat says, you're right, 92 years old today.
Gives a little link there if you want to see that in our chat room.
Alright.
We're going to invite all you guys to participate with this segment tonight.
It is the Resequate. You must do this.
We've been doing this show for what?
We're going into our 13th year next year.
92 years.
Stan Lee was bored.
You guys, when we started this show, Stan Lee was only 80.
Dude, I got to say, he looks great for 92.
He does.
He doesn't.
And he still goes to all these cons and everything.
I don't know what's funny, actually.
He, uh, the guy, um, uh, crap, why did I forget his name?
Um, Joe Simon, who created Captain America.
Stan Lee was like an intern when he was drawing comics.
Wow.
So, he's actually mentioned in his book.
And they're saying in chat, TigerCon and Jason are saying it was actually yesterday.
His birthday was yesterday.
Close enough.
You know what, when you're 92, your birthday can go for an entire week.
I think that's acceptable, actually.
So, there you have it.
Anyway.
Alright.
Are we going to talk about Stan Lee for the rest of the show?
Or are we going to do our top three games?
You know what?
Don't answer that.
Don't answer that question.
I was going to say, ironically, if you do still are going to play my, uh, fortune cookie
message of the week, it's so appropriate and I didn't even realize it.
Alright.
Well, you'll have to wait until the end of the show for that.
Alright.
For now, though, it is time to get into our top three games of 2014.
Do we have a bumper or something for that?
I feel like we need, I feel like we need like a...
Bump, bump, bump, bump, bump.
We need like a CNN or whatever style, like, graphic.
This is all I was able to get on our budget.
There you go.
Our top games of 2014 and yours.
We're going to open up the Skype line in a little bit.
But first, it's time to go around the studio and see what were your top three picks for
the year.
And, um, again, I always give this disclaimer.
There is no right or wrong answer.
You know, sometimes games from 2013 might sneak their way onto this list and that's
okay, uh, because of Steam sales and other sales and bargain bins in retail.
You know, there's only so much a human being can play in a year worth of video games, especially
when you're not paid to do it for a living, as none of us are and I don't think any of
you are.
Um, so, uh, there's no right or wrong answer.
This is just your three favorite games of the year and, uh, let's get to it.
I'll start with you, Loki, because I'm dying to know.
I can probably guess hers.
Yours I have no idea.
So, I'm going to start with you.
Loki, what is your number three game of the year?
I guess my number three game of the year, I mean, I, God, I don't even know how many
games I've played this year.
It's very small because I've been working on games.
Um, so, I guess if I had to pick something, probably, well, Lego Marvel Super Heroes,
I guess.
Lego Marvel Super Heroes.
And it's, I don't know, it's a decent game.
It's kind of my introduction to the whole Lego games because I haven't really played
any of those before and I like it.
I like the open world-ness of it, which is kind of fun.
Um, and this, the details, you know, like the humor of the game and stuff is pretty
nice.
It's a little buggy, you know, and I get frustrated sometimes.
Well, they were just participating in the game jam, Loki.
Well, yeah, some of the level design is kind of like, ehhh, like, I don't know, but it's
fun.
It's nice to see all the, you know, the Marvel cameos in there and stuff.
So, I think it's pretty awesome.
Alright.
Stan Lee's in it the whole time.
So, you did work Stan Lee into this segment.
Damn you, Loki, damn you.
Alright.
Uh, there it is.
Loki's pick for number three game of the year.
Dark Sakura.
I'm dying to know.
I think I know, but I don't know.
My number three?
So, tell me, yeah, your number three.
I'm gonna go Five Nights at Freddy's.
Five Nights at Freddy's.
I'm not any good at it.
I've died way too many times, but for just something that snuck up out of fucking nowhere,
it's pretty intense.
It is kind of-
And it's fucking scary.
It's all of my childhood nightmares in one game.
Like, the only thing that would make it worse is clowns.
Which, oh, don't give him ideas for Five Nights at Freddy's.
Three.
And we've got the sequel in the first year because the first-
Ah, fuck!
Well, they already have, like, the timeline in place, and there's, like, prequels and
stuff.
I forget how the games fall in line, but there's a whole, like, lore video and stuff.
Yeah.
It is kind of the indie darling of the year in many ways, and a lot of people are talking
about it at the same time.
And it's made furry cosplay cool again.
No, it was always cool, but still.
Yeah.
And sells like crazy on iTunes right now, I'm noticing.
I looked at, like, the top three paid apps in games right now is Minecraft.
It will be number one for all eternity.
It will be Minecraft.
And then number two and three are Five Nights at Freddy's 1 and 2.
See, here's the thing.
Remember, was it that, um, remember how Miyamoto was supposed to be working on it?
Was it the Project Watch or whatever?
Andy Guy beat you to it, and it's already, you know, fantastic.
Whatever you're going to do with it, I'm sorry, but it's not going to be as good.
Looking at our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, VX Jason XV says,
I can't bring myself to play Five Nights at Freddy's.
I want to, but oh my God.
That's kind of the same boat I'm in.
And trust me, guys, ActDeaf was kind enough to buy me a copy of the game going,
you should livestream this, Rob.
You should livestream this.
And then Shane, every night, every night.
So, tonight's the night you're going to livestream Five Nights at Freddy's.
No, no, Shane, I'm playing Diablo 3.
Tonight's the night you're going to livestream, why not?
It's just like, oh my God, every night.
At some point, I will do the livestream of Five Nights at Freddy's, but not tonight.
I think number two has the puppet, which is sort of like a clown.
Number two also has the mask that you can use to try to fool them,
except some of them can always see through the mask.
The second one's on my wish list.
I haven't even finished, well, I've died in the first one.
I guess that counts as finishing the game.
Wasn't that a trope from the original Halloween movie,
where like the beginning of the movie, you were seeing it through Michael's mask,
and that's the whole, I forget, anyway.
No, you can actually put on one of the masks of one of the animatronics,
so that they think you're one of them.
Oh, interesting.
All right, let's see, my number three game of the year.
You know what's funny?
I also, this is hard, by the way, because I've been switching back,
like two, three, and four have all been flipping around places,
but I think I finally have what I want to do.
And my number three happens to be a scary game as well,
but I went a different place, and I think some people are going to be surprised,
and some people are going to say, you can't put that on a game of the year list.
You cannot put that game on a best game of the year list.
If it's what I think it is, it was my number two.
And I'm going to tell you, I can do whatever the fuck I want, it's my list,
and my number three game of the year is PT, is my number three.
I have to pick a new number two now.
No you don't, you can pick whatever you want.
You can pick whatever you want.
Here's the thing, and a lot of you guys are going, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, Rob.
PT is a demo for Silent Hill.
It's a concept, it's not a myth.
Yeah, and that's the thing, is that at the very end, it tells you,
this might not reflect the actual game.
But let us also consider a few things about PT.
One, it was free. That's the best fucking price for a game all year. It was free.
Two, it was a legitimate surprise that came out of nowhere,
and that continued to surprise right up until the very end.
In fact, I think people still don't know how to beat this game, for sure, definitive every time.
And what I also love about this game, think about it,
people did not know that it was a Silent Hill concept thing, right?
And then suddenly it's being streamed on Twitch, as a lot of people do these days,
and a small mid-level streamer overseas was actually the first one to find
and discover that PT was in fact a trailer for Silent Hill.
And it's on her little stream where she's celebrating like,
oh my gosh, oh my gosh, and she's like screaming along to all this.
It was a really great element of surprise that we didn't really see at all.
Like, in the age of the internet, how many surprises actually stay under wraps anymore?
Very, very, very few. So, that's it.
My number three game of the year is PT.
I noticed, just walking into studio...
I'm changing mine.
You don't have to change.
I am.
Alright. You're going to get real mad at me in a minute.
But anyway, walking into studio here, I see that Shane has joined us.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Fine, tired.
Tired?
Yes.
You're wearing an Assassin's Creed shirt today, it looks like.
Yeah, I'm wearing two hoodies.
Does that mean that...
It has a hood here, and then it has a hood here.
Wait, you have two... Why are you wearing two hoodies? Is that cool?
Because that's just how it worked out.
So, does that mean your game of the year is Assassin's Creed Unity?
Never.
Never? Alright.
Well, I thought you might want to play along with us.
Do you have a number... We're on number three.
Do you have a number three game of the year?
My number three has already been said, but my number three is Five Nights at Freddy's.
Because it's amazing.
And for the reasons you guys already talked about, for the most part, I love the lore.
So, I'm actually going to combine one and two because they came out this year.
So, the Five Nights at Freddy's series.
The lore is amazing. It's frightening as all get out.
I played over at Blocko Jones' place with him and his wife, and there was lots of screaming going on.
It was so good. I loved it. It was really fun.
I'm anxious to see a third game.
And even today on my lunch, I was reading just stuff about Five Nights at Freddy's because it's really engrossing.
Alright. I'm gonna... I swear I will check this game out at some point.
Tonight.
Not tonight!
It would make a great movie, I think.
Yeah. Maybe that's where it's headed. Who knows?
Alright. Let's get to the number two choices.
So, it's time for the number two picks.
Number two picks of the year.
So, Shane, this time I'm starting with you because you're the guest walking in here.
So, what's your number two game of the year?
My number two has also already been said.
P.T.
I don't care if you say it's a demo. It is a demo.
It's better than, apparently, all but one game that came out this year for me.
So, P.T. was scary. It was intense.
I love the mystery around it. Even the next little teaser trailer they had was really interesting.
I'm still sad that so far there's no Akira Yamaoka.
But I like the direction they're taking and I have not been excited about a Silent Hill game like this since four.
Alright.
Which was like ten years ago.
That's right.
As you guys did on one of the shows.
Alright. Well, then let's go around and get everybody else's number two game.
So, Loki, what is your number two game?
My number two game is technically a remake.
But that would be Grand Theft Auto 5, the next-gen version.
Because it was just so...
They took a great game already that was just kind of phenomenal and just took it even further.
They literally turned it to eleven.
Seriously, it's going to be awesome.
And I love the fact that they're going to have DLC coming out hopefully sooner than later because it's been forever.
But it just looks amazing on next-gen.
Or current-gen, I guess.
So that would be my number two.
Even though I've only played it for a few hours.
But it's still fantastic.
I would have called Shenanigans if that game did not show up on your list somewhere.
So, there it is.
I considered not having it on there.
Really? Shenanigans.
Alright. Dark Sakura, your number two pick.
My heart still says P.T.
Then go with P.T.
Because I kind of have a sort of a middle one that also goes with it.
Goat Simulator.
Your number two game is Goat Simulator.
It's Goat Simulator.
Awesome.
I love P.T. and it stands in its own little category in my heart.
But I will go with Goat Simulator because...
Goat.
Is it just because you love goats or is it just because...
Goats are adorable. You shut up.
No, I mean, I liked Goat Simulator a lot too because it was just...
It was kind of like the video game you just want.
You just wanted this in a game.
Meaning that, you know, you just do whatever the hell you want and you get points for acting like an asshole.
That's what Goat Simulator is.
What?
Speaking of acting like an asshole.
Alright.
Well, I'm about to act like an asshole too.
Jamie's going to be very upset when she hears my number two.
You're going to pick my number one.
I know I'm going to. I'm totally going to.
Because you're a bitch.
I have to. You can't have me change this.
This really is my number two game of the year.
It's a great game with a lot of depth.
And honestly, even in its single player mode alone, it would be a contender for top game of the year.
But then that there's this whole second game that's tacked onto it that although might not be as enriched as some that have come before it.
I still think this game is definitely deserving a lot of the accolades it's going to get.
Including one from probably Dark Soccer here in about two minutes.
But my number two game of the year is Dragon Age Inquisition.
And for a lot of the reasons we've discussed, but I'll allow others to elaborate here in a moment.
Loki, your number two game of the year.
I already did my number two game.
I'm sorry, what?
Derp.
Shane.
We're going to get to number ones now, right?
Yes.
Number ones.
This is it.
Number one game.
Do the thing.
The best.
Do the thing.
Shane, what is your number one game of the year?
Well, I'll let Jamie talk about this.
Because my number one is Dragon Age.
Hands down.
So, instead I'll take this time to discuss my top three least favorite games of the year.
Or biggest disappointments.
Oh, wait.
I want to come back to this later.
No, I want to come back to this later.
Then let me just say, I have not beaten Dragon Age yet.
I haven't touched multiplayer.
I made somewhere around 16 different characters because I'm never satisfied with the way my character looks.
Yes.
What?
Yes.
Yeah.
I have, between those characters, spent well over 100 hours in the game.
And I haven't beaten it yet.
And I've done over 100 hours.
So, this is by far my number one favorite game of the year.
Nothing comes...
Well, P.T. came close.
Came close.
Very, very close.
But Dragon Age won.
Alright.
Well, Loki, don't mind me if I go out of order for a minute here.
But now seems like a good time to...
Oh, my God.
Something just occurred to me.
If you would have switched to P.T., we would have had the same list.
That would have been...
Yeah.
Unless, unless, unless.
Now, wouldn't it be cool if one of the mounts in Dragon Age Inquisition was a goat?
It's getting dangerously close to sheep.
And I can't do that.
Alright.
I'm going to skip around in a different order because I just have this funny feeling that
Dark Soccer should probably tell us her number one at this time.
So, Dark Soccer, what is your number one game of the year?
Transistor.
I'm kidding.
You thought about that one.
You were thinking about that one.
I did.
Transistor was really good.
Plus, I'm playing it on my Mac, so it makes me happy.
No, it's Dragon Age Inquisition.
I'm at my current playthrough.
I'm at 68 hours.
I am putting off the inevitable because I'm doing the soulless romance.
And everyone who has been paying attention knows that my heart is going to be ripped
out of my chest, stepped upon, shat upon, and kicked across a cow field so it will end
in more shit.
Because soulless.
Oh, it's in the name.
Soulless.
I will need soulless after that.
Haha.
Anyway, I've really been enjoying the game.
I've been exploring everything, and I've also tried to break the game.
I've decided that I'm not modding it until I beat it, and I'm probably not going to beat
it for at least another 40 hours.
Because I'm going to do everything so that the last thing I do is have my heart stepped
on before I beat it.
But in 40 hours, how long is that in actual days you're going to play it?
Because I'm giving myself until March to beat it, because I don't think it will be
before March.
I remade it after, I remade my Inquisitor a few times after, until I found the one I
liked, after playing it for four days.
And then since then I've been playing, but I've been playing only a few nights after
work, except when I had the flu.
And I played drunk.
That was funny because I kept getting motion sick.
Oh, I could see that in that game.
I've decided that if I could live anywhere in that world, I would move into the Emerald
Graves, have a tent there, and just poke people in the eye until they left me alone.
Even on my 70 hour playthrough that I just ditched recently, I don't think I ever made
it there.
Because I'm so bad.
I'm in the hissing wastes now, and I just keep thinking, why do they call it that?
There's just people going, sssssssss.
Probably.
Yeah.
It's the Templars.
Alright.
Always, always kill the Templars.
Always side with the mages.
Yes.
Alright.
Always romance soulless if you're a female elf.
Now that we've gotten all the Dragon Age out of our list, because I have this funny
feeling Loki probably didn't name it as number one.
I get to ride around on a giant elk.
But who knows?
I haven't played it, so it's a good bet.
Well, we're about to find out.
Loki, what is your number one game of 2014?
My number one game of 2014 is probably the one I talked about the most, which would have
been Goat Simulator.
Wow.
I'm really surprised at how many common trends we're seeing.
Alright.
Well, I didn't play that much this year, so I mean, it's...
Sure.
It's hilarious.
It's because, I mean, they have, you know, they've been doing updates for it, and they've
added so much content to the game, and now they have, was it the online MMO simulator,
whatever, with the microwave class.
It's, you know, a microwave with feet walking around.
So, I mean, it's awesome.
And it's such a silly, broken game.
And I love that.
Can't wait to play it on console, because my computer doesn't run it very well.
Awesome.
Well, there it is.
Number one game of the year.
Alright.
Mine, I guess, is going to be somewhat of a unique pick, because nobody had it on their
list anywhere.
In fact, this entire console was sorely underrepresented on our list here for how well, I think, the
Wii U did this year.
And Nintendo, as a developer and a publisher, have done very well this year.
They're all they've got on their own console, and they're giving people reasons to buy a
Wii U this year.
And they've obviously had a lot of strong titles, and some of you may be surprised at
which one of the Wii U titles I'm going to pick to sort of represent as my game of the
year.
But I really think in looking back as to what game came out that really made people go,
oh, shit, I should really think about getting a Wii U.
What game is just so much fun, which is what a video game should be, so much fun that practically
anybody can pick up a controller and jump right into this game.
What game pushed things forward for Nintendo when it came to being more social, finally
getting the online play right, and giving people the online play they wanted out of
Nintendo, and actually doing the social sharing in a new way that didn't just, let's add
Twitch TV streaming as well, because fuck, everybody else is doing it, let's do it too.
It did its own thing, and it did it so well that it spawned a meme that lasted almost
the entire rest of the year.
You've probably figured out by now I'm talking about Mario Kart 8, I believe to be the best
game of 2014.
Why are you laughing over there, Jamie?
Just because I'm thinking of the convention Luigi.
See, and Mario Kart 8 gave us all that, and I-
Convention Luigi replaced the ball pit.
I do recognize that for other people, it might be Smash Brothers Wii U, or it might
be Bayonetta 2 for you, and I totally get that and I respect it, and if I had a top
ten, those two would probably both be on it somewhere, but I think more than anything,
I think Mario Kart 8 really spoke volumes for fun in a year where unfortunately sometimes
a running theme was broken games that had to be patched and fixed after the fact, whereas
Mario Kart 8 instead delivered a solid game from the get-go where patches only stood to
enhance that, whether it be through comprehensive value-added DLC, not like nickel and dime
DLC but really robust DLC that was really good, to even patching in the amiibo support
which granted was a little silly and didn't necessarily add too much to the game, but
it added something that they really didn't have to add at all, but they did that because
they wanted to enrich those amiibos even more and let them do things in more games than
just Smash Brothers, so I just think Mario Kart 8 has been tremendously well supported
and how many people will go back to a game that came out six months ago and treat it
like it was new again, like that's what Mario Kart 8 went through when the DLC came out,
so for all those reasons, I think Mario Kart 8 was the strongest game that came out in
2014. Alright, we are going to be opening up the phone lines here shortly for your calls
at 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio, please note this is only to
discuss your top three games of the year. If you have other topics to talk about, we'll
open up the lines later for that. Just looking in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com,
Dark Tetsuya says, To this day, I still play Mario Kart 8 with my parents. VX JasonXV says,
More people in my office play Mario Kart 8 than anything else. While we open up the line
and we get to some calls here shortly to discuss your top three games of the year,
Shane, I want to check in with you because you wanted to be the downer. No, I didn't
want to be the downer. I'm just going to stop you right there and talk over you. You're
very good at that. I am. So, I thought it would be more interesting to have your biggest
gaming disappointments of the year, because everybody finds the ones they like, but rarely
do you get a list of ones you just hate. So, I came up with three that I hate. And we'll
get to that right after this call, because we got a call coming in. So, we're going to
get into the three dislikes in a moment, but we have a call coming in. Hi, you're on Orange
Launch Radio, who's this? Hey, guys, it's Jason. Hey, Jason, how you doing? I'm pretty
good, and yourselves? Good to see you, my friend. As always. There was a lot of chatter
in the last show posting about your epic beard. Still making for great radio there. I love
it. No, I know, but you know what? You look like one of the people I work with. A bunch
of the guys I work with, actually. They can just imagine. Use your imaginations for what
Jason's deep, dulcet tones. He's missing plaid and an axe. Alternatively, go to bognetwork.com
and look at episode 580, and I have two links in there that you can go look at directly.
There you go. Fantastic. Jason, what are your top three games of 2014 and why? Number three
is Destiny, because it is the first effective first-person shooter MMO that I've played,
and as far as I've heard, that somebody actually finally got it right. It's not a pure MMO
in the widest extent, but it is a reliable first-person shooter. There's a group of coworkers
of mine that play right over here to my left that I'm actually looking at right now. One
of them brought his Xbox One into the office so that the three of them can sit down and
play, and they've done raids more days than I can think of for more hours than I care
to think about. I have leveled my character up to 20, and I think even 22 or 23, possibly,
but I'm not really an endgame person, so it's not so much that I enjoy the game for the
MMO merit, but I enjoy the mechanics that go into it, and I have a very, very big appreciation
for what Bungie managed to pull off. I think that's going to be a very polarizing title,
I think. I know a lot of people that loved it, I know a lot of people that didn't love
it, so that's a very interesting selection. Yeah, it's refreshing. It is truly unique
to the vast amounts of MMOs that are coming out, but it focused first-person shooter first,
RPG, MMO second, and in my opinion, they did it right, and with my soft spot for FPSs,
I thought they did a spectacular job of it. And you can do whatever you want with your
list. What about your number two? Number two is Titanfall, because I have continued to
play that game over the year. They have continued to add new modes to it that I need to make
time and branch out and actually play, but everything I just said about Destiny, but
even more, applied to the extent that Titanfall did it. That game, Titanfall is super fast,
it is super frantic. I actually just wrapped up a couple of rounds not terribly long ago,
and it's just fun. It's the best combination of agility, shooting, and just literally madness.
I went to it, I was playing Geometry Wars and Grand Theft Auto V and a couple of other
games, and I hadn't played Titanfall for a couple of weeks. I played the game, and it
was seriously three times faster than anything else I played, and I had to adjust to it again,
but it felt really good. You know, I think that's one of those games a lot of people
kind of forgot came out this year, because it came out so early in the year. Didn't it
come out late March 2013, though? No, I think Titanfall was like a March title. Wasn't it
bumped from the end of 2013? It was, it was the end of March for, or it was in March for
the Xbox One version. It was PC, or Xbox One and PC and Xbox 360 was in April. Huh, there
it is. I... Yeah, I think it had been bumped back from what it was originally supposed
to be in 2013. I'm trying to compare it to like when I got home after my trip, and, because
I played it here in the office before I went home, and then I played it, and I left San Francisco
in February. So it had to have been before March this year, but... Maybe it was... No,
because they had the beta out in February, because that's what toasted my laptop in February,
and I had to buy a new laptop. Maybe that's what it was, Jason, the beta. Okay. Yeah,
yeah, yeah, that's right. That did go on for a while, didn't it? Yep. Alright, so how about
your number one? Time is terrible. How about your number one? Number one is Grand Theft
Auto 5. I don't know how I missed Grand Theft Auto 4. It just never showed up on my radar.
I missed it outright. I barely touched San Andreas. I've actually never beaten a Grand
Theft Auto, and I really hope to break that trend. Grand Theft Auto 5 has been super engaging
to me. Like, scary engaging, and it's like, it's definitely like gotten into my mind.
The visual aspect of it is definitely in the uncanny valley. For anybody that hasn't heard
that term before, realism of things has gotten so good over time that it's just become obviously
bad, even though we're almost close to perfect. Like, there is just something rigid and strict
about recreating people's bodies that isn't footage that's obviously fake. Grand Theft
Auto 5 is right in the uncanny valley as far as the look of humans, but the acting and
the voice acting, the dialogue, the storyline, and as exaggerated as Grand Theft Auto 5 is,
it is consistently exaggerated in a way that just feels really, really good. I've really
enjoyed playing it, and like I said, I definitely need to beat that story for once.
Out of curiosity, are you playing Grand Theft Auto 5 in first person mode?
Most of the time.
You know what's interesting about that, Jason? You just named three first person shooters
as your game of the year. Did you ever think that would happen?
First person shooters and platformers have kind of been my go-to, and considering, it's
representative of this year. It's been very shooter heavy for me as I've slowly kind of gotten
myself back into a regular swing. Everything else was fun, but didn't really dominate my time.
Ultimately, especially looking back on my youth as well, it doesn't surprise me personally, no.
Alright. Well, it's a good list, Jason. I think there's a lot of people that would agree with you
on those picks.
Honorable mention?
Quickly.
Cook, Serve, Delicious.
Why?
It reminded me of a Japanese cooking game on a demo disc from many, many years ago, literally
from middle school or so. Very, very cheap, both in flash, the style of the game, and price.
It's just super fun. It's a really, really good game. I suggest everybody check it out.
I love that when I get reminded of games in the past. I love that.
It just hit me in all the right places.
Alright. Well, Jason, thank you so much for sharing your list. You have a good one.
Happy New Year, okay?
Happy New Year, guys.
Alright, later.
Bye.
Alright, back to you, Shane. I know you're dying to start in on your list here, so give us your number three.
Well, I'm going to give you all of them because I've got to go do something else while you break that computer.
Okay, this thing has been falling apart all night. Okay, yes.
Number three, Destiny. It's a really fun, terribly made game.
He just put it on his top three. You're putting it on your bottom three.
Yeah, it's my third least favorite game of the year.
Wow.
It feels like a fourth of a game. It's not that good.
Okay.
Number two, Legend of Korra. It takes a really amazing show and it's made by Platinum Games, which is a really amazing developer,
and somehow it turns out to be garbage like every other licensed game.
And then, surprisingly, my number one least favorite game of the year, Pokemon, Omega Ruby, and Alpha Sapphire.
What?
It's boring the crap out of me. I just have tried so hard to play it.
Who are you and what did you do with Shane?
I put 200 hours into X and Y. I've put maybe eight hours into Sapphire. I'm not liking it at all.
I really think it's not a good game.
What went wrong? Is this just a cheap cash-in game or what?
I feel like it is. They gave us a couple new mega evolutions. They changed the story a little bit.
They added some stuff, yet I'm still bored to tears. I cannot bring myself to play it.
Like, I pick it up and I start to play it and it's boring.
Wow.
So, that's it. I'm leaving. Bye.
Alright. Bye, Shane. Thanks for sharing your top three most disappointing games of the year.
My gosh, I'm surprised to hear that.
Well, let's go to the phones. We'll take another call. Hi, on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Bobby.
Bobby, what's up, my friend?
I just got home. I was listening in the car.
Welcome home. Glad you were listening in the car.
I don't know whether I'm supposed to say congratulations, you get a show next week, or I'm sorry to hear you don't get paid.
It's congratulations, you get a show next week.
Alright.
I do not want to have to watch that again next week.
Oh, what you went through tonight. Alright. Well, welcome to our show, Bobby.
I miss talking on Sunday night, so I gotta usurp your time.
Any time. Any time. Well, you know we are talking about our games of the year, and I'm surprised you don't want to save this for your own show, but by all means, please indulge us.
Your top three games of the year.
Okay, so one of the games of the year is one that you've repeated, but the other two you haven't.
Alright.
So my third game of the year, it's because when I look at game, like for me personally, game of the year, it's something that brings something new and different to the table, or is something that I have had the most fun with.
Yep.
And number three is something that brings something new and different to the table.
Mm-hmm.
And that's fibbage.
Interesting choice. You know, Shane and I were talking last night about like our games of the year list, and we were actually talking about Jackbox Party Pack, kind of as a whole.
And that, for me, that is like a bubbling under title, where it would probably make my top ten, but just miss my top three. But I get you. I get you.
Yeah, and I mean I specifically like fibbage. I probably, you know, I probably get the whole Jackbox Party Pack in general, especially with Drawful if I ever got to play it with more than one other person.
Right.
But, you know, just something like, you know, that type of gameplay, even though I had some issues with how they did some of the stuff in Jackbox Party Pack, like the controllers in You Don't Know Jack.
Mm-hmm.
That, you know, that, just that brought something new to the table that I hadn't seen before, and I really like where that's going.
And I'm with you. You know, the Jackbox Party Pack is great. I don't want to knock it. But a lot of you, like Drawful, we have kind of seen that before a little bit.
Like it's done a different way, but that was a game we'd seen before. Fibbage was something really, really different, I think.
Yeah.
And so it was kind of like the first one that hit big, and then Jackbox kind of like trailed after that in a way.
Right. And Drawful is fibbage with drawings.
Yeah. Yeah, it's true. It's true.
All right.
My number two, and, you know, I know Fifth Dream's in chat. He's like all Oculus list incoming. I really did almost put Time Rifters on the list.
It probably would have been number four, but really, honestly, my number two is, this is the one that you guys have already said, Mario Kart 8.
Ah. There we go. Somebody finally also put a Wii U game on their list. Thank you.
Yeah, and it's not Smash Brothers or anything, but Mario Kart 8, just because that was fun, and, you know, it just works, and it worked over the holiday season, no matter what any, you know, reptiles thought or tried.
You know, and just, you know, Mario Kart 8 is just something that I can play with my girlfriend, and, you know, we have a lot of fun with it.
And not many games have that couch multiplayer experience down, and the online experience down.
And, I mean, I like the YouTube thing, even though, you know, some people, you know, would criticize it for its bit rate or whatever crap.
But, you know, just the fact that they did that, the Mario Kart TV, that's kind of neat, and, you know, yes, I know Dark Tetsuya plays it, because that's all I see on Miiverse are all his YouTube postings.
But that's why it's such a good game of the year, is that it's still going after all these months, and I know there's a lot of people out there that are going to be like,
why aren't you talking about Smash Brothers, or why aren't you talking about Bayonetta? And I'm kind of like, there's something about the accessibility level,
and the avalanche that Mario Kart 8 started, that those other two games can't really speak to in the same way.
And I'm not knocking those games. Again, when we talk about bubbling under, both of those other games would make my top ten.
But there's something about Mario Kart 8 that really makes it my number one. I think that YouTube thing in particular, I love.
You know, and sometimes Nintendo does this wrong, and sometimes they do it right, but instead of copying what the other guys do, they march to the beat of their own drum,
and that's Miiverse, and this YouTube thing was, I think, born of that as well, and I think those highlight reels are actually pretty darn amazing.
And, you know, my brother, he's not that much of a gamer, but he did just get a PS4 and a Wii U.
He's a little bit of a gamer, but he's not like, he wouldn't be somebody who listens to our shows or anything.
Right.
But I got a Mario Kart 8 for Christmas.
Nice.
You know, so that was like the game. He's like, is this really good? I'm like, yes, it's really good. You will enjoy it.
So, you know, that says a lot that, you know, I feel comfortable suggesting it to my, you know, non-hardcore gamer friends.
Well, I'm gonna check in next Dragon Con and see what he thought.
Yeah.
All right. Well, how about your number one, Bobby Blackwell?
My number one game is the game nobody here has played.
I know.
And I think it's a shame. It is a crying shame.
And the retweets that I got on the VOG Twitter when I posted about this from the developer mean that they also believe this.
The Talos Principle.
Mm-hmm.
This is, it's a first-person puzzler game. It's, you know, you could say it's like Portal, but A, there's no portals, and B, there's not really that much humor in it.
I almost bought it today, actually. I saw that, and I was like, eh, maybe. It was on, was it that Steam feeds or whatever that they give you, like, some suggestions or something?
Yeah. And you know what? You know what I say earlier? We can't play everything. We don't have time for everything, but Bobby is explicitly saying, make time for this.
Yes, and I mean, it's a great puzzler, and it's got a really interesting story underneath.
Mm-hmm.
And it's not a funny story, but it is a very interesting story, and I mean, it helped me get through the puzzles, because some of those puzzles are damn hard, just to be able to get to the next part of the story.
Mm-hmm.
Which is, in games, a lot of times as I get older, I'm like, I don't care why I'm fighting. Just get me to the next fight.
Right.
And this is a game that, you know, is like, I hate the fact that I have to do these puzzles, because I want to know what happens next in the story.
Mm-hmm.
And these puzzles are damn hard.
Mm-hmm.
And not as, you know, Portal was a four-hour game. This is, it took me 23 hours the first time to go through it.
This sounds amazing. I love puzzle games, and I'm back.
Have you, where'd you come from? Have you heard about this game, The Talos Principle?
No, but...
It's by the serious Sam people.
Mm-hmm.
That means nothing to me.
But it sounds like something I would like to check out, for sure, because I love puzzle games, and making it first person adds a different sort of depth to it that I think would be fun.
And Bobby's saying enough, too many people aren't checking this out. That's the problem.
It got, I gave it an A-plus review on VoG, and the only two bad things were, the puzzles are hard, but get over it.
Oh, I love that. I love really ridiculous puzzles.
And the second one was, you haven't played it yet.
It's true.
Wow. Well, that's a good list, Bobby.
I like that.
So there you go.
There you go. Do you want to, now Shane came out with this disappointing list. Do you have any games you want to throw out there that maybe disappointed you a little bit?
Because I know I have at least one, maybe two.
The security of Xbox Live and PlayStation Network.
Fair enough. Fair enough.
You know, when we were talking last night about disappointing things, I was going to say, can one of my games start with a hashtag?
But then I was like, maybe I don't want to go there.
I was going to say, there's one I was going to, I haven't played yet, and that's why it's kind of disappointing, was Drive Club, because apparently it was a mess.
Yeah.
Yeah? That's a good point. That's a good point.
Well, actually, and for me, The Crew.
Oh. Yeah.
Because The Crew, it's, you know, I mean, I loved a lot of the concepts in it, because The Crew does their online multiplayer a lot like Destiny, which a lot of people don't like, you know, the faux MMO type of thing.
But The Crew is just, it's too difficult if you're playing alone.
If you're playing with people, at least if one person is good, you can get through if you're in a crew with other people.
But as a single player game, if you're not top notch, you're not going to get far in that.
And that was kind of disappointing to me, because I liked everything about The Crew, except for the difficulty level.
It was just a little bit too much. And there were other people that had the same complaint as I did, so it's not the whole Bobby Black Wolf mode joke, you know, meme that we do.
Right.
It actually is, it's a legitimately difficult game, which is great for a lot of people, but it does cut out people like me, so it's more of a personal disappointment, maybe not a game disappointment.
Sure.
As much.
That's fair. Totally fair.
Bobby, so great to hear from you. Everybody should check out the Bobby Black Wolf show. You want to tell people quickly about that interview you had tonight, which will be on the podcast feed?
Yeah, so I interviewed, this was the All Oculus Rift show, because I had an interview scheduled for tonight, and then the sports ball stuff got moved, and I wish it didn't.
And I wish I wasn't there, but that's a whole other story. But it was with Aaron Lemke, he's with Unello Design, and he did a virtual reality experience, a relaxation experience.
So it's not exactly a game, but it is basically, you're floating down a river. And he's done a bunch of these virtual reality experiences, so we talk about that.
We talk about the future of the quote-unquote experience genre, which is not something you see in normal games, because you don't get that type of thing from a monitor.
So we talk about the experience genre, we talk about his games, what's next for him, and reminisce about some old stuff going on.
So we talked for about, I think it was about a 30-minute show, and that was about it, and it aired earlier tonight, and it'll be on the podcast feed later this week.
And it was a really cool interview, and kind of eye-opening to see his perspective on things.
You know, we're going to get into predictions a little more next week, but just to give you guys kind of a sneak peek of something I really think is going to be true for 2015,
just because Bobby is kind of the VR expert of the network, and going into 2015, one of the things I would probably say,
I don't know if I would be so bold to say this is a prediction, but I kind of really feel like next year is really the year we're going to see if VR is the next big thing.
Would you agree with that, or you think, no, Rob, we kind of know the answer to that?
See, the thing is, I don't know if it's going to be 2015 or 2016 when we'll see it.
I am not as convinced that a consumer-ready product is going to be available in 2015.
Because, to be honest, the Oculus consumer-ready version of the Oculus Rift was supposed to be out this holiday season, initially.
And they bumped it back, and we have no clue. They say 2015? I don't think so.
Because I see how bad the DevKit 2 runs on my system, and the DevKit 1 ran great on my system.
So I see kind of where they're going with the Gear VR, and see some of the more consumer-focused things that they're doing.
But I still think it's got a long way to go, and I don't think it's going to be in 2015.
I hope I'm wrong. I absolutely hope I'm wrong, and I hope that it comes in great in 2015 and everybody loves it.
But I would not be surprised if the consumer VR comes out in 2016.
Well then, I'm also thinking about Morpheus, a very likely thing that's going to happen in holiday 2015.
But again, it would be fair to say, but we don't know for sure. That also could be something that gets bumped to 2016, you're right.
But if both those devices are out for holiday 2015, I'm so curious to see how the market responds. So curious.
And the good thing that makes me happy is that I did read that Oculus has actually talked to Sony and had meetings with Sony.
Not because they're working together, but because Oculus actually does not want Sony to quote-unquote poison the well.
They want to make sure that Sony delivers a good experience, and so they're sharing information with them.
Specifically because they know, because of the PS4, that the Morpheus will most likely be a lot of people's first introduction to virtual reality.
And they don't want them to screw it up.
You know what? One of the highlights of the year in gaming for me personally was just not only getting to play that Morpheus at E3,
but getting to really just kind of hang with the developers for a bit. How rockstar was that? That was awesome.
But getting to actually meet them and talk to them, they definitely know what they're doing.
And I think that does not surprise me at all to hear that they are collaborating for the greater good.
It doesn't surprise me at all to hear that.
Right, and it's not that Oculus is providing them tech, but they're saying, hey, this is how we solved a motion sickness problem.
You may want to look into this, because they don't want people to put on the Morpheus and get sick and say,
VR sucks, because that hurts everybody.
And Oculus is so worried about somebody poisoning the well that they're actually working with Sony and working with Samsung and stuff
to make sure that the first VR experience that most people have is going to be a good one, even if it's not an Oculus product.
And I'm really happy to see that, and everybody thought that wouldn't happen once Facebook bought them, but look at them now.
How many times has the word Facebook been used in a conversation about Oculus since that initial news?
Like, it's very rare, so it does seem like Oculus is getting to kind of grow and do their own things. That's great.
But anyway, Bobby, love having you on the show. I do want to let you go so we can get some more people online, though.
This was the segment for just the top threes.
I know, right?
Everybody call in with more of your top threes, and I hope next year one of our video game jams will be your top three.
Alright, we'll hope so. See you guys.
See ya. Take care, Bobby.
I have a 1.5, actually.
What's that?
Pixel shits!
I seriously considered-
It is pixel shits.
I seriously considered pixel shits for the top three, but I couldn't justify it. It would seem biased.
Anyway, we're going to get to another call here. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Raginator.
Hey, Raginator, buddy. How you doing?
Good, how are you?
Good. Talking about the top three games of the year. Your three favorite games of 2014 and why, sir?
Alright, well, I'm going to have to punch my muscle a little bit because I got very few games that actually came out this year, but here goes.
In no particular order, I'm going to have to say Pinball FX2.
Technically, that game didn't come out this year, but they released DLC for it this year.
Yeah, a lot of tables come out this year, so a lot of people discover it this year. That's fine.
Yeah, I particularly like the Venom table, the South Park table, so on and so forth.
Yeah, those are really great.
My second game would be Geometry Wars 3 Dimensions.
That's a great game. Probably in my top ten as well.
Yeah, ever since I got rid of my Xbox 360, I've been kind of missing Geometry Wars 2, which is a game that never came to Steam, but Geometry Wars 3 certainly makes up for that.
Yeah, it's all the same modes, and then some.
Let's see, I'm trying to find my third game here. Oh yeah, like you guys, I'm dominating Geometry. No, not too.
You liked it so much, you're putting it on your list twice. I'm just kidding.
Goat Simulator, it's just one of those games that's so weird, it's actually amazing.
This is very interesting that Goat Simulator of all the games from this year is doing very well on the OLR Top 3s all around.
But at the same time I'm also not surprised to hear that. It's just such a quirky, fun, different experience.
I think that is definitely a common theme you're hearing about a lot of these choices that we're picking.
Fun. These games are fun. Mario Kart 8 is fun. Goat Simulator is fun. Dragon Age is heartbreaking.
But that's fun for some people. So there it is. Scaring the shit out of your friends in Five Nights at Freddy's is fun.
Which is what you're doing tonight after the show.
No, I have to work tomorrow.
It doesn't matter, so you can cry yourself to sleep.
Alright, so anyway, Spaznator, thank you very much for sharing your list. I know you probably are getting a real kick out of the Steam sales going on right now, right?
Well, I'm trying to. I'm basically broke, so I can't really buy anything per se.
The only reason I even got some of the games I do is because I've been selling some of the trading cards for Nickel here, Dynair, and you know, sending out games that way.
In fact, I've got pretty much everyone gear cracked for Christmas. I've given everyone something a little bit more substantial, but it's the best I could do.
Games that game, and sometimes the really cheap ones actually are a lot of fun. About a year ago this time, Super Hexagon was what, like 29 cents, and that game was amazing.
So I will say this though, if you are able to squeeze out like $2, I think it's like $1.50, that love game I talked about earlier is pretty rad and is worth a look.
101.
You know, $1.01. If you can squeeze out a dollar and a penny, that might be a game to check out.
Anyway, my friend, I gotta let you go to try and squeeze some more calls in, but thanks so much for calling and sharing.
Sure.
Take care.
Have a good one.
You too, buddy. Bye-bye.
Alright, we have some more calls coming. People want to share their lists, and I don't blame them whatsoever, so we have another call on the line. Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's up? This is Kaijuto.
Hey, Kaijuto. I love your avatar. You got a Heathcliff now, right?
Yeah, that's one of my, not one of my, but probably my favorite cartoon of all time.
Can you still sing the theme song?
I can sing it, but I still don't know what the hell the words are. There's some parts to it where I'm like, what the hell are they singing?
What if Heathcliff, no one should terrorize his neighborhood? Alright, anyway.
Yeah, there's a part where they show Hector Wordsworth in Mongo, and there's something about Speedy something.
I never knew what the hell they said to this day, and I kind of don't want to know because it'll probably ruin my childhood because I have just fond memories just remembering being a kid trying to figure out what the hell they're saying in that song.
So I don't know. I can easily Google the lyrics, but I actually don't want to.
We all have that rap from our childhood. It's just better off. We don't understand. For me, it's Paula Abdul's Cold Hearted.
Just today, I learned part of the lyrics to M.I.A.'s Paper Planes. I'm like, I thought that was something else, and I'm like, oh, that's what they're saying. Okay.
Or the rap in Erasure's version of Take a Chance on Me. Like, literally, what the hell is she saying? Anyway, we could talk about these raps all day, but we want to talk about your top three games of 2014.
So, Kaijuto, you're number three, and why?
My number three is going to be Fantasy Life for the Nintendo 3DS.
Interesting.
I don't know if any of you ever played it, but it's a great game. It kind of flew under the radar, and I'm just having a ton of fun with it. I don't see myself ever stop playing this game for a while.
I have heard a lot of good things about it. I've not checked it out personally myself. I always think people are talking about Tomodachi Life, but I realize they're very different games.
Because, actually, I've got to say, Tomodachi Life would probably be on my list of three disappointments. If I had done a list of three disappointments, that particular game would have shown up there.
But, anyway, I don't want to digress, because they are very different games, and I've heard a lot of great things about Fantasy Life.
Basically, it's like an MMO in your pocket. It runs like any of your standard MMOs, but it just has a lot of charm to it.
I love the job system in it, because you can change jobs whenever you want. You can explore with your friends locally or online.
I think there's even voice chat. I'm not 100% sure, but I think it might have voice chat in it as well.
The story is great. This is probably one of the first games I've ever played that's all text-based, where I actually sat there and read everything.
Usually, I'll just start pressing B or A just to skip everything, because it's always the same story. The guy loses his memory, he has to regain it, and he meets all these characters.
It's always that. It still has that stuff. You don't know who you are, but it's actually pretty funny. A lot of dialogue in it. There's a little butterfly that follows you. She's really funny.
Well, my shopping list is growing thanks to tonight's show, but we'll move right along and get your number two game of the year and why.
My number two is actually two games, but I believe that they're kind of like companions, so I'm just going to say Smash Brothers for the 3DS and Smash Brothers for the Nintendo Wii.
Fair enough. I would agree with that notion, so why these games?
Just for the simple fact that they did something to Smash Brothers that I didn't think they could actually do, and that was just make it fun all over again.
It feels like I'm playing it back on the GameCube again. I played the other Smash Brothers before that, and they just felt like a continuation, but this one actually feels like a fresh new game.
I don't know how they actually did that, because it's actually the same game that's been around since 1999 or 2000, but it just feels new and fresh.
It's not so much the 8-player Smash. I don't really play that, but it's just something about it that makes it feel new and fresh. Maybe it's because it's on the Wii U.
It just feels different. It doesn't feel like past Smash Brothers games, not even the Wii Smash Brothers games.
I hear you. Your number one game of the year and why?
Pokemon Ruby and Alpha Shalfike.
Wow! Even though Shane said it was a huge disappointment. Interesting.
Super huge disappointment.
Let's hear Kai's end of it. Why your number one?
I actually called Black Wolf and told him that I wasn't having fun with it, but after you play it for a while, after you get involved and you start to mess around with the...
I don't know what the hell it is. I don't know if it's a damn Pokedex or whatever, but it's stuff that you collect that allows you to sneak around and catch Pokemon and you can see invisible Pokemon.
There's a lot of different gadgets. I'm just going to say the gadgets that they give you in this one, it helps you a lot more in the Pokemon games.
If you're into breeding and training like I am, this is the game you're going to want to breed and train Pokemon on, because they make it so easy.
I know that X and Y had the super training, and it's basically the same super training from X and Y.
But with the other enhancements, like I said, actually going out there and being able to find the particular Pokemon that you want and also knowing what their stats are going to be like before you catch them, I think that's huge for Pokemon.
Because a lot of Pokemon, basically it was almost like if you were going into the store and you were buying those random decks of booster packs for Yu-Gi-Oh! or Magic the Gathering, you never really knew what you were going to get.
But this one, you actually get a preview of what you're going to get. The more you put into the game, the more you're going to get out of the game.
So if you're not really dedicated in putting your effort into the game, you're not going to really get much out of it. You've got to really put an effort into it.
Plus, the number one thing, which I'm not the biggest Pokemon fan, so it didn't get me excited right away, but now that I know what it's about, I'm actually pretty excited about it.
You can catch pretty much almost every single legendary that's been in the game, all in that one game. Almost all of them.
I think that's what Shane will be able to tell me, but I think there's a few that you're not going to be able to get which were promotional or something.
But pretty much a lot of the Pokemon that were on the covers of all the other previous Pokemon games, you can catch them in this game, along with X and Y.
It sounds like you're just not giving it a good enough shot. Eight hours is not enough.
Actually, I'm in 13 hours. I just turned it on the scene.
You turned it on. Well, he did turn it on.
I'm trying to make it not my number one, and for the reasons you said, I understand why people like it.
And there's some cool, like those aspects are pretty cool, but overall, I still think it's just a cash grab that I just disappointed.
Do you think part of it is just because you played the story already? Like this? I've never played the original.
But this was like how many years ago did it come out? It came out like back when, a long time ago.
Back when a long time ago. And I just, this story, after playing X and Y, I thought that story was pretty good.
This one is just really dull, and there's technically really no new Pokemon. And that's why I play them.
All right, you know what though, Kaiju, your list is your list, and nobody can tell you it's wrong.
So I appreciate you calling and sharing with us, and happy gaming.
Yep, same to you.
All right, happy new year. We'll see you next time.
Happy new year.
Later.
All right, I do not see the phones lighting. Actually, I think I saw one more person trying to get through, so I will see if that person comes back through.
What's that? Yeah, that's what I thought.
So we'll try to leave it open here. 1877 Game O.L.R., our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
And then when we wrap this up, we will take it over to the rest of the stories.
And then we'll see what time we have for Skype calls at the end. We might actually be getting our fill here.
We do have another call coming in, so let's get to it. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, hey, guess who?
Hey, it's Rama, and I see it, but I don't just see Rama.
That's right.
Nope.
It's also Giovedea.
Yep.
And her pussy.
I'm done. I'm done. I'm done.
Her cat, people. It's her pussy cat.
She's petting live on air.
She's petting live on air, but it's okay because it's a cat.
I'm petting my pussy live on air.
God.
Is it purring?
Yes, he purrs like a race car.
All right. All right, kids. Well, you know what the topic is tonight. It's the top three games of 2014.
So you guys, what are your top three and why?
You want to go first?
By all means, you go first.
All right.
Well, you know, Rob, I'm a casual gamer, so I got to play as I travel or I got to sit down in front of the console and just play for a few minutes and then pick up the game later.
So number three would be the Lego movie, The Game.
Nice. You're actually not the first one I've heard put it in like a top ten. A lot of people seem to really dig this game.
Why? What's your why behind that?
Besides the fact that the game, the movie was fun, the game is very simple. You sit there, you build things and you go through it.
It's very simple. Just pick up and play at any given time.
Plus, as you know, with almost every single Lego game, the replay value is just out of this world.
Mm hmm. That's true. Very true.
Do you have a day? How about you? You're number three.
My number three is a phone game, actually. Doctor Who Legacy.
Okay. You know what? We're not getting a lot of iOS and Android games.
That's pretty fun.
Here in the top three. So what's your why on Doctor Who Legacy?
My why is probably the fact that you can capture characters and get characters from the series.
And I'm a huge Doctor Who nerd.
Mm hmm.
But some of the skins for the characters that you can get, especially the ones that they did for their 25 Days of Christmas.
Mm hmm.
They went and did some 8-bit skins, different, like they've gone past into the classic Who and did skins from the classic Who.
So I really enjoyed that aspect of it. Plus it's, you know, a little bit of a puzzle. So I like it.
Hey, I don't know if you guys can hear it, but we're hearing like a high pitched ringing or something.
And I'm not I don't hear it because we're on speakers here in studio.
So it doesn't bother me as much. But I guess those are listening on headphones can really hear it.
And it's like, really?
I could hear it.
Yeah. Interesting. I don't know.
Well, it might be because I'm rebuilding Mako Chun's computer and it's right next to us.
That might be the case.
That could be part of it.
I apologize. I'm sorry.
It also so so we'll have to hurry through this. So you're number two, Rama.
Number two, I'll enjoy my music games. So number two will be Final Fantasy Theater Rhythm Curtain Call.
Good pick. Why?
It's just fun. It's very simple to play. You know, just tap and follow, tap and follow.
Plus, I like some of the newer music and the fact that the new DLC is going to more Square Enix titles.
A freaking Chrono Trigger song came out this week. I didn't think we were going to get that in America.
Merry Christmas from Square.
Yes.
Seriously. Jovidaya, you're number two and why?
My number two, I only just got it this year. So Deadpool, because it's Deadpool.
Deadpool. Oh, my God. I love the part when he's in the elevator rocking out.
And changing out the little box covering his bits.
That was that was possibly my favorite reasoning I've heard for why a game is on somebody's top three.
Deadpool, because it's Deadpool.
Yeah.
Like, come at me. Come out. How are you going to respond to that? How are you going to respond? You can't. You can't.
Deadpool.
All right. Last but not least, number one, Sarama.
Number one. Well, as most people know, besides music games and RPGs, my one thing is puzzle games.
You put a puzzle game in front of me, I will just keep playing it until I can't play it no more or until my battery dies on my phone.
So my number one pick would have to be Diamond Digger Saga.
I don't even know this game. Diamond Digger Saga. Why this of all the puzzle games out there?
Because it's the way the way it plays.
You're pretty much clearing up bricks, waters coming down to collect the different items to gain points.
And then some of the levels, you're just clearing out diamonds and rubies for a massive amount of points.
It's just fun. It's fun, dammit. It's fun.
And I tell you this, I enjoy this more than I do the Candy Crush one because I got tired of that one.
I hit level 385 and I said, the hell with this. I'm done.
I still can't believe you of all people are my Candy Crush addicted friends. I just, oh my God, I can't. I can't with you.
You shouldn't support them though because of how they stole from...
Well, he did. He quit.
Good.
All right. All right. Last but not least, your number one.
Do you have a idea?
My number one is South Park Stick of Truth.
Oh, that's a good pick. And again, one of those ones that came out earlier in the year. And, you know, there's been a lot of...
I forgot that was this year.
Yeah, right. There's been a lot of Ubisoft booze in the past few months between the Assassin's Creed mess up and the new Tetris.
And, you know, there's been a lot of stuff where people are getting irritated with them.
But earlier in the year, they were really knocking it out of the park between a Child of Light and the South Park game.
But what's the why for you on that?
I got the original South Park game for Nintendo 64 and played the hell out of that game.
Yeah.
So I was looking for a South Park game that was going to remind me of that.
And while this isn't exactly that, it does bring in a lot of those elements that made that game so crazy.
There's a reason why Trey Parker won an acting award for that game. Let's just leave it at that.
Yup.
Amazing. Well, you guys, I have to let you go so we can get rid of that little buzzing we're hearing.
But thank you guys so much for calling in and sharing. I love the group call.
Enjoy.
Best of luck with Anime Jam Session in 2015. We'll miss you guys until you're back.
Thanks.
Heart.
Take care, hearts.
From all of us here at O.L.R. Happy New Year.
Happy.
All right. So good to hear from them. I love that. A combo call.
All right. That's a good one to end our Skype segment for now on.
But we'll open it up briefly a little later just in case you guys want to comment on any of the other news.
But we're only going to open it for a little bit.
But if somebody didn't get through that wants to give their top three, we can fit that in as well a little later.
We actually have just some other quick, quick news to get through here.
And we got to get, you know, the FUs of the week and check in with Jamie if anybody ever e-mailed us.
Let's get to all that right now.
Loki, some more news for us.
So PlayStation Now is hitting yet some more devices starting the first half of 2015.
So if you don't happen to own a PlayStation 3 or Vita or a Vita TV or PlayStation TV, however you're going to call it.
It's also going to be coming to smart TVs.
Starting out with the Samsung smart TVs.
And they're going to even have the functionality of, you know, all the functionality of PlayStation Now.
Including, you know, trophies, cloud saves and online multiplayer.
And apparently they're not sure when exactly it's going to launch.
I'm assuming that you're going to probably need some sort.
Maybe, oh, it looks like, yeah, it supports the DualShock 4 out of the box.
So you would have to buy a DualShock 4, but then you'd be able to play with that.
That's pretty cool, actually, that they're going to have that.
I'm still waiting for when they actually have streaming PlayStation 4 games on there.
And also when it becomes more affordable.
And if they had some sort of monthly thing where I could get whatever I want.
Still, the fact that they're building that into TVs.
I mean, I don't think these are the types of TVs that a lot of people are going to buy.
These are more the high-end TVs, but that's still pretty impressive.
Well, the fact that it's on a smart TV, though, most of these smart TVs run off of Android.
And I know that I've already seen some stuff leaked out there.
I don't think there's an official app for it, but I've seen people using, you know, even like the streaming to Android devices.
Not necessarily PlayStation Now, but like with Share, not SharePlay, whatever they call that.
I don't remember now, on the Vita, where you can stream remote play.
Yeah, remote play.
So, that's pretty cool.
Yeah, very cool.
All right, well, speaking of PlayStation, some folks may be interested in a sexy red PlayStation 4.
Sadly, not something that's coming here in the U.S.
Didn't they do like a red PS3 in Canada?
I seem to remember that one year, because it looked really awesome.
And this one looks awesome, too, but it's only in Japan.
Still, some of you might be importing it or trying to get a hold of that controller.
I don't know.
But Japan is getting a red PlayStation 4 released on March 19, 2015.
It is to go along with Final Fantasy Type 0.
In fact, that little faceplate type thing or the thing on the side that you can pop off, that actually has a Final Fantasy Type 0 little logo on it as well.
If you want to get one, though, it's going to cost you about $392 plus tax.
That's converted from 46,980 yen.
Also, a red DualShock with that.
15 days of PlayStation Plus.
And, of course, a code for Final Fantasy Type 0 HD, allowing you to download that online.
And the Final Fantasy 15 episode, Dusque, or whatever, however that's pronounced.
Duska? Dusque?
The Final Fantasy 15 demo.
There's also a unique PlayStation 4 theme that apparently comes with that.
I would like to know why we still don't have the Final Fantasy 14 PlayStation 4 theme here that Japan got.
Japan gets all the cool stuff.
You guys.
Anyway.
Nothing about that PlayStation 4 coming out over here.
Although people do sure seem to love their limited PlayStation 4s over here, too.
If that PS1 PS4 is any indication.
That thing sold out within seconds.
That's pretty crazy.
So there might be a demand for this as well.
You know, crazy little side story.
When I went to the movie, I mentioned I went to the movies on Christmas Day.
With Shane, we went and saw Mockingjay, which was great.
But I don't know if you noticed during those commercials that they were showing before the movie, there was a lot of video game representation.
There was a commercial for Smash Brothers Wii U, right?
But there was a commercial for Final Fantasy Type 0.
Yeah, I had no idea. I wasn't noticing because I definitely didn't point it out a couple times while we were sitting there.
I know, right? But that's still kinda...
It took me by surprise that we were seeing that in the movie theater.
I had seen the Smash Brothers one already in another movie. I don't remember which one.
But yeah, the Type 0 one for it being kinda still far away in a sense.
That did catch me off guard.
Yeah, and the fact that they actually mentioned the Final Fantasy XV demo as well was kind of surprising.
Yeah, and then it was at Amazon.
Yeah. So that was just kind of a random little aside there.
There you go. If you want to get the red PlayStation 4, it will be available in Japan.
We would usually, at this portion of the show, open up the mailbag.
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com. I'm sorry.
Wow, Rob. It's only been like six months since we changed the address.
Yeah, Rob. Get with the program.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com is the place where you can send us emails.
Precipitate.
Not precipitate. Participate at orangelaungeradio.com.
Persephone taint.
Is where you can... Precipity's taint? What about? Okay.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com is the place where you can send emails every week,
and Dark Soccer will dive into the mailbag head first and read some of her favorite emails here on air.
However, Dark Soccer, how's the mailbag look tonight?
I landed on my ass. Not a damn thing.
Well, so much for the mailbag segment tonight.
You people are not sending me any emails.
Well, here's the thing. I know there's a group of you that can't be here Sunday night,
and you listen during the week on the podcast feed via Stitcher, iTunes, or whatever.
Thank you for your support, even though you can't be here live.
You can send us your top three and why.
Do the thing, and Rob will read it next week.
We'll get Shane to read the mail.
And if you want to participate with Shane's...
I would, but I might not be here next week.
It doesn't work.
He works later, so...
I'm not there now.
But if you want to participate with Shane, you can also do your three most disappointing games of the year and why.
It's more fun to say your disappointing ones, because you have to really think.
Okay, just for example, in the studio tonight, how many of our favorite games overlapped?
A lot.
And there are so many other games that wouldn't make your top list, but there's tons of games that can make your bottom list.
So you're trying to say that we have to decide if we want to be a top or a bottom? Is that what you're trying to say?
You are disgusting. That's what I decided.
Alright. Anyway, I'm trying to think of three disappointing ones for me.
The new Tetris game, for sure, would be on my list.
That actually kind of pisses me off, how you can screw up Tetris. That's on my list, for sure.
I was reminded that the Final Fantasy VI remakes for iOS and Android...
Did you play it, though?
Yes.
Oh, you did? Okay. Because I think you have to at least play it before you say it's terrible.
Not my cup of tea.
I didn't like Octodad that much.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, that's too bad.
It's cute, and I like making fun of it, but I didn't really care for it.
You could throw Warlords of Draenor on there for the same reason I did Destiny. Like, it's not a bad game. It's just not good.
I would feel bad. Well, but it is the best expansion since Wrath of the Lich King. I can't, even though I may have canceled WoW this week.
The Sims 4.
Really?
Because when it was released, it didn't have much...
No pools.
There were no pools and hardly any furnitures or outfits or anything, and I just didn't want to give it another chance.
I watched a bunch of playthroughs and people playing it before I was going to decide if it was going to get my money, and it didn't.
Interesting. Interesting.
All right, well, we don't have any email tonight, and we're getting into this talk about disappointing.
You know, I really think it's the cue to get into the FUs of the week.
Oh, this is bad. Here is justice. Here is punishment. Here is...
This is fucked up.
Dark Sakura.
FU to my stomach for being so full. Damn Chinese food. It's so delicious, though.
And there's still dim sum left, and people aren't eating it. Why?
I'm full. I'm so full.
You're the one that said, hooray, I'll have leftovers.
All right, Loki.
Loki, your FUs of the week.
How did I get so many Steam games? That's what I want to know.
I have 321 games, most of which have not been played.
I was trying to find out the exact amount, but Steam isn't working correctly, so fuck you to Steam for being stupid derpy right now.
Your addiction is affecting your life negatively in the following ways.
Yes, Dark Sakura?
I actually just thought of another honorable mention.
For a game of the year?
Borderlands the pre-sequel. It was really fucking good.
Okay, now I'm done.
Shame on you for forgetting that whole time. FU to Jamie for being...
Let's see, my FU of the week goes to the fact that I have to work tomorrow.
I mean, I like my job and everything. Don't get me wrong. Please don't fire me.
But, oh my gosh, it's so hard after a holiday break to have to go back tomorrow.
If I didn't work tomorrow, I would stream Five Nights at Freddy's or something tonight, but I can't, so...
You still could. Again, cry yourself to sleep. It'll work.
How long has he really got to stream for me?
No, like 20 minutes, and you'll die so many times.
I have to be up at 6 AM tomorrow.
Oh, boohoo.
Yeah, boohoo.
Oh, poor baby.
Poor me, I know. I have a love life.
6 AM? Oh, that's like sleeping in.
Alright, Shane, do you have any FUs of the week you want to get out of your stream?
FU2 working, like, what basically amounts to 11 hour days for the past three days, and the next two days, and then a small break, and then doing it all over again.
It's very tiring.
Alright. There it is. Your FUs of the week.
Jason in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com saying,
How did I get so many games? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Too many bundles and kickstarters.
But Jason also says five days off has been amazing. I agree. Five days off has been amazing.
If only I could get, like, another week, like a lot of my coworkers have. Oh well. It is what it is.
Just a couple more stories for you guys, and then we will quickly open the Skype line for any other comments you want to throw out there on tonight's show.
But then we're going to wrap up here. So, Loki.
Alright, so, um, excuse me.
This is kind of interesting, I guess. You know how they kind of frown upon, you know, having emulators and stuff on, you know, iOS?
Well, there's another one that snuck on there.
And it's in the form of a program called Floppy Cloud. Yes, you've got to hate that name.
But Floppy Cloud is basically supposed to be some sort of file management app.
Which, you know, is supposed to let you manage files, but also allows you to connect to your Dropbox account and load ROMs.
Which, when you manage one of the Super NES or NES ROMs, it also happens to manage to pull up an emulator for said ROM.
So you can check it out before they pull it. It's $1.99 on the iOS store, and it looks like it's pretty easy to actually do that.
Already gone, and it was gone by the time this story was making its way around the blogs.
Which, you've got to hand it to the guys who tried to sneak it in.
They put it up on the day that Apple was closing all the submissions for the holidays.
Where they were going on the break or whatever, and it still got pulled.
Even though somebody had to come in on their day off to pull that game.
So you're not going to be able to get that. That's why Nintendo has lobbyists.
Okay, well, that's funny about the emulator, but technically those are illegal.
But it does also go to show that even though Apple screens everything before it goes on the store, they can't catch everything.
That's not the first time an emulator snuck through.
It's hard to imagine it's a file management software.
This whole thing was deceptive. The creators who did it probably had the intent of sneaking on an emulator onto the iOS.
They did it, but who knows at what price. I'm sure they lost their Apple license or whatever, all that.
Anyhow, one more story for you guys, and this is pretty awesome.
I guess what's going on is that there is a remake going on of this game.
I don't know much about this game, but I've seen some stuff on YouTube, and it's kind of like batshit crazy for lack of a better term.
This is the type of game that Jamie probably knows stuff about because it's crazy. It's called LSD Dream Emulator.
Oh, yes.
Of course you know this one. It was on the PlayStation, and I didn't know a lot about this game.
I somehow missed this, but you can see some stuff on YouTube about it.
I don't even know how to describe this game. When you call it a dream emulator, it's basically like a bad LSD trip, but on PlayStation 1 style graphics.
So you know it's all polygon.
You were supposed to walk through these different levels of this guy's freaky dream. It was really, really just a weird game.
I've even heard of this game.
There's full playthroughs of it online.
Well, I don't know much about this game, but you can actually check out the remake that is in alpha right now.
It's been being remade since 2011, actually. You can check it out at lsdrevamped.net, and they actually have a PayPal and a Patreon trying to fund this.
Because eventually, we get a kick out of this, they want to bring it to the Oculus Rift, which you're going to send somebody to the hospital with that.
Damn, there's no OS X version yet.
Not yet, not yet. So there you go. That's pretty cool.
So good luck to the folks trying to remake that. Just don't get anybody killed.
Alright, there it is. That's it for our gaming news tonight.
I am going to open up the Skype line real quick for anybody else that wants to share their top 3s or anything else that we might not have covered tonight.
So that is open right now at 1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
I thought I'd check in with Loki and see if there's any last minute stories.
There is actually. It's pretty decent.
Apparently, AMD is building chips for a console that's going to debut in 2016.
Oooh.
Yes, so...
UYATU!
They haven't said what it is yet, but...
There's a lot of people that are probably instantly assuming it's Nintendo, but you know what?
Even though Shane made a joke over there, don't count out that it's somebody else doing a console that you might not have even thought of yet.
Yeah, so that'll be interesting to see what exactly that is.
Maybe that Apple console finally? I don't know.
You never know.
Again, 1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio. This is pretty much the last call.
It's Philips! They're coming back!
Philips CDI 2.
All that money they didn't win off the patent lawsuit. They're going to fund a new console with it.
You know what my number one game should have been?
Huh?
You would say no still.
What?
So we couldn't too, because it got re-released this year.
Okay, Jamie, before the show, you told me you were going to put a different game on your list that's in a very similar category.
And I said, you do what you want. It's your list.
I was going to do The Bourbon.
You told me I couldn't when we were talking about it last night.
No, you never said you needed a sweet code too.
Yes, I did. It would have been my number one, two, and three.
Well, fine.
And honorable mentions.
You can change your list, though.
Nope, it's already been recorded.
I ruined everything.
As usual.
Wham.
All right.
Well, while I wait one more minute here, see if we get any calls, I will mention next week on the show, we're going to be doing our predictions.
We're going to bring Listless back tomorrow.
Some folks asked why we didn't do Listless tonight.
Tomorrow?
I'm sorry, next week.
Some people asked why we didn't do...
Bitch, I won't be here.
I'll just be doing a show by myself.
Poor Lonely Rob.
It's the Lonely Rob Roberts show.
Rob is the lonely island.
I'm so bored, I guess I'll play Five Nights at Freddy's.
Now I'm bored and scared.
You know what, Rob?
What?
If you decided to do Five Nights at Freddy's, I would stay here with a blanket and cookies to comfort you in your fear.
Aw, I'd almost do that for the cookies, actually.
And then I would throw up.
All right.
Next week on the show, we're going to be doing predictions for 2015, and we're going to look back at the 2014 Listless that we did and see what actually came true from that list.
And see what happened there.
And laugh about how stupid we were a year ago, and then we'll do it all over again for next year.
How's that sound?
And the cycle will just repeat itself.
Sounds fun.
As we go into our lucky 13th year of broadcasting here at Orange Laundry, that's right, June of 2015 is our 13th anniversary.
Wow.
This show becomes a teenager next year, if you can believe it.
All right.
Well, nobody's calling in, so I guess we will start to wrap up the show.
We heard from so many of you earlier anyway with your top three.
If for whatever reason you were just slow on the get-go there and you didn't get through, you can always send us an e-mail.
Participate at orangelaundryradio.com, or you can send us a tweet, twitter.com slash o-l-r.
The FUGL question additionally will return next week.
We are about to 9 o'clock anyway, so it is about wrapping up time here at Orange Laundry Radio.
I want to thank all you guys for listening to the show and supporting independent radio.
Thank you very much for your support throughout 2014.
You know, we've accomplished a lot of awesome things this year.
We went to a lot more conventions and did a lot of very awesome things at places like Dragon Con.
I look forward very much to attending shows like PAX East next year I'm going to finally be returning to.
And some other cons will be back at Dragon Con 2015 as well.
And just, you know, continuing to get out there, have fun, meet people, hang out, and, you know, talk games.
That's what it's all about.
So thank you guys for being here and being along for the ride.
If you liked what you heard here at Orange Laundry Radio, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help spread the word because, you know, again, we don't have any giant website or magazine or something backing us.
All we've got is ourselves, so please help spread the word.
A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes or Stitcher goes a very long way as well in helping us to get noticed.
So we appreciate all of that support.
Let's go around now and get everybody's final thoughts of 2014 here on this last live show at VOG Network for 2014.
Anime Jam Session is going to be off from the live show this week.
They're doing a pre-taped thing, so we are the last live show of 2014, believe it or not.
So let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Shane, since you sat in on the last bit of the show here, thanks for crashing the show. Appreciate it.
Yeah.
Bringing a little disappointment onto the show.
I try.
With your disappointing list, of course. I don't mean you're disappointing.
Yes.
Your final thought for us tonight?
I don't know.
All right. Loki, we'll see you next year. Any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
That joke is so old.
I'm going to work more on my game, and hopefully I'll have actually something to show for it next week or even in the middle of the week.
That's my goal.
Because if I don't have anything to show for it by the end of next week, it's not looking good.
Two weeks left.
I know, I'm in the same boat where it's like, oh shit, I hope I can get some work done on New Year's Eve.
Then it's like, what work are you going to get done on New Year's Eve?
So I just got to make time earlier in the week.
It shouldn't take too long.
Yeah, I'm hoping, I'm hoping.
All right, keep in mind, I don't know shit about Unity, so I'll need a lot of help.
All right, you may end up doing my game.
I'm just kidding, Loki.
All right, my final thought for the night, the year, is thank you everybody, and I look forward to hopefully some more projects in 2015.
I sunset some big stuff for myself this year so I could open up some new doors next year, and I look forward to exploring that as we move into 2015.
So I hope you guys will like some of the stuff that I create, and thank you guys so much, as always, for your support.
Last but not least, Darth Sockra, your final thought for the whole stinking year?
But...
And we'll leave it at that.
Have a wonderful night, everybody. Have a safe and happy New Year, and we will see you on the other side in 2015 here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a wonderful night, everybody. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into VoGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VoGnetwork,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!
