You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, Season 3.
Now with 200% more hot monkey sex.
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge Radio will not contain 200% more hot monkey sex.
It will contain 300% more hot monkey sex.
Hey guys, cut the cut.
Okay, I guess it's back to the real intro.
Come on, I'm having fun too.
Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio for mommy talk and then some.
Uh, mostly the and then some part of that.
Orange Lounge Radio is created by a bunch of potty-mouthed adults.
Orange Lounge may contain sexual, perverted, and mildly retarded content.
You probably shouldn't let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, I will spank your child.
If you're not going to do your job, goddammit, I will.
Well...
Here's to my big opening.
A sphincter says what?
I'm super, thanks for asking.
Oh, you little bitch troll from hell.
What am I doing here?
No.
Dodge this.
This is a tasty burger.
Look, you stupid bastard, you've got no arms left.
Yes, I have.
Look, just a flesh wound.
Searching for a boy in high school is as useless as searching for meaning in a polyshorum.
Oh yeah?
Well, I hope your babies look like monkeys.
DarkSakura.
I've got a sniff.
Sky.
But I'm playing it for the bartender, so suffer.
Loki.
I hate you!
Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is now live for this episode 45 here on May 25th of 2003.
You're tuned into the B-Money Scene's most sarsy radio station of all things B-Money.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Miss Jamie Summers.
You know her better as DarkSakura.
Who just coughed up a lung?
Very nice.
You might want to go buy some masks at Walgreens or something.
No, I was going to buy some in San Francisco.
We found Star Wars masks in the Japan Center Mall.
That's cool.
I almost bought some, but I bought them on my own.
I have more Battle Royale.
In that corner, say hello to our Tech Master, Loki.
Is anybody feeling well?
God.
Also with us tonight, we have a whole assload of guests.
Some of them are out in the pool, but some of them are in-house.
First off, she's never been on the show before.
Be gentle and say hello to Maren Chan.
Where am I?
And what is this silver collar around my neck?
Beautiful.
Also, some old favorites.
Old and moldy, but still fresh.
Say hello to Dark Tetsuya.
Yeah, old and moldy.
What?
Say hello to DDR Angel.
Hello.
And say hello to the 23rd Magus.
Moldy, but still fresh.
What was that about Tofu?
And, oh, we got some people at the door.
Great.
More people.
Just what we need right now.
Let's see.
Let's hold off and see what comes through the door.
Oh, it's... Aww.
Aww, it's Loki's girlfriend.
Aww.
You are cute.
Come here.
Come here and say hello.
You've never been on the show.
Oh, she's shy.
She's shy.
Oh, well.
Okay, so I guess we'll get started with the show.
There's also four people that are out in the pool right now who aren't even in here right now, so maybe we'll hear from them later.
Hey, guess what, kids?
It's our season three premiere.
Yay.
Which means on the show tonight, somebody will get married, have a baby, or die.
Are we going to jump the shark?
Tonight we jump the shark.
I think we did that with the first episode.
Yeah, Orange Lodge Radio jumped the shark on the first episode.
Tell all your friends and all your lovers that Orange Lens Radio is now on the air.
And all your enemies.
And we're set for a big show tonight.
Is that your enemies on fire first?
We have two weeks of stuff to catch up on.
There's a lot tonight.
We're going to start this off with a song that created some big news this week.
It's a brand new song.
It's going to be a Max 2 USA.
And it's a group called Four Strings.
And this song is Take Me Away Into The Night.
And we'll be right back, boys and girls.
Take me away, million miles away from here Take me away, find a place for you and me You're taking me higher, high as I could be Take me away, forever you
A million miles away from me Take me away Find a place for you and me You're taking me higher Higher as I could be Take me away Forever you and me Take me away
Thanks for watching!
It's more contagious than SARS!
Orange Lounge Radio Yes, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, boys and girls.
Oh, there's shirtless men walking into my apartment.
It's April Fool's, it must be.
Um, anyway, hi.
Everybody just got flashed.
Hi, you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
It's our season premiere.
As you can tell, we just had some nudity on this show.
Wow, it's like we're having a whole fashion show.
New characters coming in with gratuitous nudity in the first two minutes of the show.
Damn, too bad we weren't able to get the webcam up today after all.
Say hello, new people.
Introduce yourselves to the listeners of Orange Lounge Radio.
They're both running away.
You're not shy.
Come on.
I'm wet and I don't want to be on the radio right now.
Bye.
Oh, it's going to be one of those nights.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
If you want to join our chat room, because the other party's on in the chat room, go to www.callybomani.com, click on Orange Lounge, and then click on chat.
And that's how you can join in our chat room.
I can't believe you guys are already getting out of the pool.
I'm so sad.
I had to cry.
Oh, what?
Anyway.
Oh, snooty people came in and ruined the pool.
Okay, anyway, hi, back to the show.
Oh, Irene and Brad just came in.
Say hello.
How was the pool?
Oh.
Why are you afraid of pools?
Yeah.
Jamie, why are you afraid of pools?
Because little children pee and go poo.
I was at a public pool once, and I saw a big turd floating in the pool.
That reminds me of Caddyshack.
I actually saw it happen.
Anyway, let's talk about things that have happened while we were last on the air, which was two weeks ago.
I got SARS.
Okay, go in the shower.
We're trying to do a show here.
Hello.
Jamie, how was your two weeks?
Um, it was okay.
We sort of did a show last weekend, sort of.
Yeah, we broadcasted all day long from B3.
What did you guys think of B3?
What did you think of B3, the big tournament that happened at Pier 39?
I sort of missed all of Sunday because I decided to go to the mall.
Yeah?
I don't know, do you think B3, because a lot of people online were kind of like, kind of had this kind of, like you know how B3 is supposed to be like this huge tournament, you know, it's going to be like the biggest tournament ever?
And a lot of people just came back from it feeling kind of mediocre.
They were like, eh, PA kind of dominated the whole thing.
I think it was timing, because there was a lot going on around there.
I agree, I think it was just bad timing.
I think the original plan for B3 is that they were supposed to do it over spring break, and I think that would have been cool, but the time they did it just kind of turned out...
I don't know.
Yeah, it's too bad, because they ended up doing it the same weekend as E3, which caused a lot of confusion in the names alone.
I think it's weird, though, because everything at the tournament was put together really well, and everything was run really well.
I mean, sure, it ran a little late, but all tournaments do.
But yet, despite how great everything ran, everybody was just kind of bleh.
And freestyle, with the exception of two routines, was kind of bleh.
I don't know.
That's my little rant on B3.
I mean, it's certainly nobody's fault.
It's just kind of like, I think everybody just kind of must have had... I think everybody was on their collective period or something.
I think that's what it is.
Jamie, you're staring off into space.
Um, uh, yeah.
I'm sorry.
You have anything you want to say about B3, Loki?
Um, I didn't get a badge, and I didn't get a chair until after I asked, and I didn't get my free shirt does, promise.
Um, yeah.
You know what, um, B3, it...
Stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp
I think it gives me incentive anyway to broadcast for more tournaments in the future.
Can you guys shut the door?
Jesus.
Irene's speaking in on Garrett.
I have three people in my shower right now.
This is all the season premiere stuff going on.
We had nudity, new characters, and now they're all in my shower at the same time.
I saw Garrett's ass.
He's showing me a scar by his ass.
How funny.
She says she's right here, staying in the studio, not even taking a shower.
But she's in the shower.
I don't believe her.
Segway, Segway, while we were sort of on the subject of B3, Loki, I believe you owe me something?
Perhaps, I don't know, an apology.
As promised.
You are on the spot!
Loki's eyes got really big like a deer in headlights.
He doesn't even remember.
What the hell are you talking about?
What?
What the hell are you talking about?
Seriously?
Of what?
You need to remind Loki what he said that made you mad.
How many of us actually keep up with what goes on in these episodes?
I believe there was this really bad, wait, what was the second day of freestyle?
First day was PAM freestyle.
Yeah, I think it was a really bad freestyle, and then you're like, oh my god, if these people that were here were at Shaft and booing Magus off, they would boo the other guy off instead and cheer Magus on.
I was confused.
Anyway, whatever.
Yeah, because that guy really sucked.
I mean, he was like, oh my god, spazzing up on the pad.
And this is really for me who went out to go get Oyakodon.
But no, no apologies, sorry.
As Magus shows Loki his IQ of 1.
Very, very nice.
I hear you turning dials.
This camera is the suck.
No wonder these are buy one get one free, they're ass.
So why are we having all this dead airspace, Rob?
I have no idea, because I'm too distracted by the people in my shower right now.
Because I keep hearing nudity and oh my god and ass and tattoo and scarf.
Why don't you just put them all out in the yard and get the water hose?
First, Irene walks in the door when Garrett's changing.
She doesn't bother knocking.
This time she knows that he's in the shower, but she opens the shower curtain anyway.
And he's naked.
He had a towel around him, okay?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Hey, I caught it!
Woohoo!
Huh?
Yeah, tell us about the movie we watched Thursday night.
It sucked ass, kinda.
It was kinda boring and I don't even know why the hell you got me to watch it.
Never rent whatever the hell that movie was.
It was bad.
Envy of the dot dot dot.
The film that we watched was called Envy.
Actually, it says Envy on the box.
It's actual full title is called Penis Envy.
It's a story about these two drifting chicks.
They're walking through the desert.
They go to this bar and they get really drunk.
And I mean, this is talking about like white trash America.
They get drunk and they're walking through the desert.
And all of a sudden they go, gee, wouldn't it be great to have a penis?
And so they walk around and lo and behold, when this one chick's taking a piss, they find the penis fairy, which is this giant drag queen.
Hey, Loki?
Was it Mr. Spanky?
That was beautiful, thank you.
Anyway, let's try to focus on some Bomani news, because there was lots of it while we were gone for two weeks.
So, Max 2 USA was the big kind of announcement that, well, there were several games that were announced at E3, the big convention that none of us got to go to, because nobody takes this show seriously.
Hey, I could have gone.
You could have been able to go, but not because of this show.
I couldn't get off work.
Oh, I'm sorry.
But there were lots of fun things discussed at E3.
First off was Max 2 USA, and we heard a bunch of songs were announced for inclusion, including Days Go By by Dirty Vegas, the song you heard in the last break, Four Strings Take Me Away Into The Night, and also Jocelyn and Rika's A Little Bit Of Ecstasy.
All those songs, by the way, are in rotation right now on our station, so if you want to check them out.
But what's interesting, what I find really interesting about Max 2 USA is that the real music videos are going to be in the backgrounds now.
That's going to be pretty cool.
Do you think that there's going to be an option where you can select, oh, I want the big seizure, flashy-looking graphics, amazing Japanese fun, or you can have the real music video?
I don't know, but it doesn't bother me either way.
I wonder if they're going to have long versions because of the music videos.
Long versions, that would be interesting.
You know they've promised, I guess, different modes that we haven't seen in the U.S.
before?
So, like, music video mode, like, where you could just watch the videos.
Kind of like, okay, you remember in 2DX6 style how you could just watch the videos if you wanted to?
You think they'll have something like that?
That'd be cool.
Yes, that would be neat.
Because I know, I've had gatherings where people just put in 6th style and watch the videos and drank.
I could go for some drink.
Do they have the mode where you get to meet Kuriyama Oka?
Yeah.
He was at E3, and yeah.
Because I don't really give a shit about Max 2 USA, or any DDR.
I want to see Akira Moka.
Why don't you give a shit about Max 2 USA?
Because I'll tell you right now, it's going to be better than Japanese Max 2.
Because I played the Japanese Max 2 for three days, and I haven't played since.
Because this DDR sucks.
I play Beatmania.
When are they going to bring out a new console Beatmania?
That's all I care about.
Oh, that was the other interesting bit of news.
There was this big rumor going around that Konami was going to... I know we talked about this on the show, and we read it with extreme caution.
I think I called it, didn't I?
Oh, yeah.
I'm pretty sure we all approached it with this big bit of skepticism.
If I remember right, the news source wasn't a very trustworthy one.
But they were announcing 2DX USA, and they were going to have a machine brought to E3, and they were going to bring in, like, Take and Yes... Or, no, not them.
Lisu and...
Who's the other guy?
Agop.
They're going to bring in Lisu and Agop and have them playing at E3 to show Americans how to play 2DX?
What a bunch of crap.
So that didn't end up happening.
But I don't know.
I'm pretty sure we talked about it on the show before, but does the USA really deserve 2DX?
If they brought 2DX to the USA, it wouldn't sell for shit, like how everyone said that they complained that frequency was too difficult, so they made Amplitude easier, and hence it became an even bigger piece of crap.
I like Amplitude.
Would you like to repeat that for our listeners?
I like Super Sprout.
That song's cool, and that's about it.
Wait, so before we move on to other games, nobody has any other thoughts on Max 2 USA?
Like, is anybody looking forward to it?
Um... Nobody cares?
It'll be out, but, you know... It'll be fun for about a week.
You know what, though?
I am going to have the Xbox one.
Oh, yeah, that's the other one we can talk about.
I have no choice because we get everything cool that comes out on Xbox.
I mean, I got Steel Battalion, of course I'm going to have DDR.
Although the dance pad looks retarded.
It's green.
And it's official, though.
I don't know, the dance pads are kind of scary to me.
They're all freaky looking.
They're Xbox-y.
Well, Xbox, everything is freaky looking.
They're actually Konami-made pads.
Well, you know the producer of the DDR Xbox game was on DDR Freak earlier this week, and he said a few things about the game, which are interesting.
He says that the look of the game that they showed at E3 is not representative of the final gameplay.
So in that version there was no 3D, no music videos, and haven't even begun to show what the Xbox is capable of.
So I guess that's kind of interesting, because I guess in a way they're saying, hey, Max 2 USA was further along than DDR Xbox was.
Also, Freeze Arrows will be in DDR Ultramix, except there were none in E3.
They're going to be able to play it online.
So you're going to be able to get on Xbox Live and have live rankings and statistics.
and your individual scores will be able to be ranked with the rest of the people via a live connection and you can also have edited step data and you can upload and download that by users and new songs will be released on a monthly basis for download.
However, there's a rumor going around that says you might have to pay for these songs.
Who knows?
Yeah, what is that about?
I mean, if it were like for the licensed stuff, I could understand, but if it were for Konami originals, I mean, that doesn't sound fair.
Especially if they're all songs we've played to death already.
I don't think I could rationalize paying like five bucks for a new song or something, you know?
Would anybody here actually admit to paying for new DDR songs just so they could have everything?
No.
Okay, that's a no.
How about the chatroom?
I don't know.
I'm not even watching the chatroom right now.
Chatroom?
Who cares about them?
We do.
I love chatroom.
You hang out in our chatroom?
It sounds like a cheap, interesting way to make money.
But don't you... Correct me if I'm wrong, Jamie.
You're the one that's played Xbox online.
I don't think anyone else here has.
No, I watched Dan play it.
Street Fighter.
Don't you have to pay per month for that anyway?
Xbox Live?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So now you're going to have to pay per month and pay per song you want to download.
You shouldn't have to.
I know.
That's gay.
It's called licensing rights.
Yay!
Pretty soon there's going to be a Napster for DDR.
Actually, why not?
I mean, think about it.
You're downloading a program.
I mean, people could share programs online.
I mean, why not?
I'm sure they'll have a site where you can download them illegally.
Anyway, also the producer of Ultramix says that there's going to be 55 songs planned for the US version, 10 of those licensed.
And if I'm not mistaking, only five of them in Max USA were licensed.
So, that's going to be interesting.
And also, kind of a big one, there's no Ultramix PC version.
There was a big rumor that it was going to be out for the PC.
That got shot down.
The reason why I pretty much figured it wouldn't happen, there's already DDRPC.
But it sucks.
It really sucks.
It does, true, but...
You know why Pump It Up for PC worked?
Why?
Because Pump It Up was made for a PC anyway.
That's very true.
It runs off the PC software anyways.
All the big Pump It Up machine that giant machine is, it's just there's a little PC in there that runs everything.
Yep.
But I don't know, I think, but you know, what's weird about DDRPC, look at Stepmania.
Stepmania does it way better than DDRPC did.
So it's kind of like, you can't use the excuse that it's not possible to do on a computer, because Stepmania, hey, if they'd released something like that as DDRPC, I bet a lot of people would have been, you know, would have been, wow, this is great.
Stepmania, and then we'll go, oh, I'll just download all these songs or make my own that I think are better.
Yeah, do you think that maybe that's why they've given up on DDRPC, because of Step Mania?
I would probably think so.
You know, how can you compete with something that's free?
Why do you think Konami hasn't sued the people who made Step Mania?
Anybody want to venture a guess?
I would think, well, first of all, the programming itself, if they did not, what's the word I'm trying to think, reverse engineer it, if they actually made it right from scratch with their own source, they can't sue them for using, that's the whole problem with Bleem, why they couldn't do Bleem, because they made their program for Bleem from scratch.
Can't they sue for the whole look and feel thing, though?
I'm thinking back to, you remember when Street Fighter 2 was out, and then I think,
Some other third party company, I want to say Data East, put out a game called like Fighting Streets or something like that.
Was it Fighters History?
I think they used the Street Fighter engine.
And they got sued and all this stuff?
I think it's because they used the Street Fighter engine.
Did they?
But I would think, you know, that whole look and feel thing would come to play.
I mean, obviously none of us want to see the step many people get sued, but you know, it's a question that has to be asked.
Why hasn't it happened yet?
Especially if Konami wants to be competitive in the PC market.
Angel?
Sorry.
Yes, Angel.
Puppy just pointed out in the chat room that Stepmania is open source code, so, I mean, he's got a point there.
Okay, yeah, that's a good point.
Which is what Jamie just pointed out, so, you know.
It's open source, so even if they did get sued, it's kind of like, it doesn't matter at this point because the cat's already out of the bag.
So, hmm, interesting thought.
How do you guys think the online play is going to work?
Is there anything you guys would like to see online for DDR?
Because I think that whole, like, being able to play with somebody at the same time, it's kind of stupid, because you can't see them.
What would you see?
You'd just see this second side of your screen getting perfect, good, boo.
I think you'll see fifty wasted dollars coming out of your check every month for spending on Xbox Live, the biggest piece of bullshit ever.
Thank you for that happy comment, Mr. Brad.
Um... Okay, so we've got DDR Xbox out of the way.
How about Karaoke Revolution?
What do you guys think of this?
This is kind of the... I hate karaoke, so...
You hate karaoke?
Yeah, because I don't sing, remember?
I cry.
I like watching other people so I can make fun of them, but I don't like doing it.
This is interesting, though, because it's the first, it's kind of the first U.S.-only Bomani game.
Oh, it is?
Kind of, yeah, they haven't made any, well, I mean, they have games like it in Japan, but not Konami, and not in the Bomani series.
I'm sorry?
I thought they had a karaoke revolution machine or something.
The closest thing they have to a Karaoke Revolution machine, I remember seeing this, it was a DDR slash karaoke machine.
It was like both.
But who could follow that?
Hey, you know what I saw at Network the other day?
What?
Aerobics Revolution.
Oh yeah, that finally came out, huh?
I was tempted to pick it up, but it was like $75 and more expensive.
And if I was going to pay $75 in a game, I would have picked up Final Fantasy X-2.
You know what, like, Aerobics Revolution wouldn't even be worth it.
I saw a bunch of screenshots of it, and it looks really kind of odd.
Loses the whole point.
I mean, seriously, it is like they just, like they said, you're doing some 80s James Fonda kind of thing to it.
It's got, like, some chicks on it.
You know, you're trying to follow their moves as you're stepping on the pad.
Basically, yeah, you're doing aerobics stuff, and you just so happen to be standing on a pad, too, while you're doing it.
So...
Yep, my cheap camera What was that song that we figured out was confirmed for Karaoke Revolution?
We figured out there's some Jennifer Love Hewitt song we figured out by the screen captures that's going to be in it for sure I don't know We found out the other day and we forgot already But Jennifer Love Hewitt was Jennifer Love Hewitt was there at E3 singing And it was off her latest CD but it wasn't the one that's the name of the CD Oh well
Anyway, we're going to go ahead and take a quick break.
And when we come back, we'll talk about more of E3.
And we'll do the fuck you's of the week.
So you can send those to me over private message in the chat room.
My name is Sky, and you can send those to me.
And if you're not in our chat room, you should be.
Go to www.callybomani.com, click on Orange Lounge, and click on chat.
So we'll talk a little more about E3 and all that garbage when we get back.
Enjoy.
Follow the sound, follow the sound, and even the rain behind.
Together we'll be in harmony, taking the time.
Thanks for watching!
Hiho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is brought to you by the letter V, the letter A, and the number 59.
That's right, you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody.
We decided to play some happy Rayvar songs in that last break, so we hope you enjoyed.
We also figured out what song it is.
It's going to be in Karaoke Revolution.
It's called Hey Everybody.
It's from Jennifer Love Hewitt.
And I'm sure it sucks.
But how did you find that song?
Based off of the lyrics that are shown in the screen caps on the Konami website, actually.
They have a few pictures up that aren't from the E3 showing.
So I got it off of that.
And then you did a lyric search and there you go.
Amazing.
But, um, it was during the break, somebody, I think it was, I don't know if it was Garrett or somebody commented that the chick in Karaoke Revolution in the screenshots looks like an American Idol reject.
She, actually, you know what she looks like?
Has anybody ever played the Spice World video game for PlayStation?
Oh god, that game sucks.
Where they have, like, the giant head and the little, little anorexic body?
That's what that chick looked like to me.
I'm hoping everybody was moaning and groaning because they haven't played it and they're sad that you're the only one who has.
Aw, don't cry for me.
I don't want to know that all these people have played the Spice Roam game.
That's really... I know your girlfriend has.
I had a free rental and I wanted to see how bad it was.
Okay, get this.
The first time I met my ex-girlfriend, the very first day I meet her, she's like...
I had to, she said, you know, you have to see this game, and so I'm like, oh no, Spice World, what is this?
And then she showed me what was so funny about it, and yeah, it was pretty funny, but you guys must have been really drunk when you first saw that game, or when you thought about buying that game, Rob.
You had to be drunk.
I do own that game, it's in a deep, I think it's in my closet.
I'm gonna have to go take it out at some point.
So, yeah, what else was announced at E3?
I know there were other games.
What about other cool games, just non-Bomani necessarily, that y'all are looking forward to?
I know Brad had one.
Alright, Brad, tell me about some games you're looking forward to at E3.
Not necessarily Bomani.
Okay, Konami stuff, or just anything?
Anything.
Okay, Half-Life 2, Metal Gear Solid 3, Metal Gear Solid Twin Snakes, and Castlevania, Lament of Innocence.
What's the weird voice acting?
What's the weird voice acting?
Yes, but it's not as bad as Die, Monster!
You don't belong in this world!
They need to do another Dracula X game with Richter.
A new Gradius game, definitely.
Mario Kart Double Dash.
There's a new Sam & Max game.
New Sam & Max game, new Full Throttle game from LucasArts.
Who cares about that game?
Let's see what else.
There's... I don't know.
There's cool games.
Mario Party 5, bitches.
Mario Advance 4, Super Mario Bros.
3.
Or the new Pokemon Stadium on GameCube.
Metroid Zero Mission.
Oh yeah, the new Metroid.
Metroid.
No, advance.
Really?
Yeah.
Neopets.
Oh, that's right.
There's a Neopets game coming out, huh?
For PS2.
Oh, God.
The world is ending.
Dan brought back a million copies of that Army game.
That's not related to... The U.S.
Army put out.
The U.S.
Army put out a game?
They put out a game on the PC a while back, um, to, it's, it's for the help, you know, them recruit more people, but, um, it's, it's just an online game.
It uses the Unreal Engine, I believe.
Dan said it was pretty cool, though.
And, um, he said Gradius V was really awesome.
and this is really yummy.
The chat room has some interesting things that they said that nobody said yet.
Phantasy Star Online Episode 3, definitely.
We need to start playing PSO again.
World of Warcraft and Starcraft Ghost.
Doom 3 is going to be horrible, says somebody.
Doom 3 is going to be horrible.
Uh-oh, here goes Brad.
Why is Doom 3 going to be horrible?
I don't know.
Because the person doesn't like first-person shooters?
I don't know.
That's fine.
If you don't like first-person shooters, I don't expect you to like it, but as far as first-person shooters are concerned, it's going to be freaking great.
I've played the Alpha League.
It is incredible.
It runs like shit on my computer, but it's great.
This is the justification.
No multiplayer, and it's going to be completely linear.
Well, Brad...
Then play Unreal Tournament or Quake 3.
That's what those are for.
They make Doom for online play.
They never did in the first place.
The reason why Doom 3 is going to be shitty is because they've spent too goddamn long on it.
I am 20.
I remember my friends showing me previews of this when they had, you know, like at conventions with movies of it when I was a sophomore in high school.
It's, you know, it's kind of gotten outdated, you know, because when they had their brilliant engine back then and it looked gorgeous, now it looks like shit, and... It still does look gorgeous, and, I mean, that happens with a lot of games.
Look at Dragon Quest VII, Dragon Warrior VII.
That has been in the making for, like, what, five, six years?
And it came out eventually.
Yeah, but it eventually came out here, and it's still a great game.
Just because it's dated-looking still doesn't mean it's not a good game.
I actually had an issue of Newtype where they had a review of Dragon Quest VII that was two years old.
But I want them to do, like, another Secret of Mana using sprites.
Oh, then again, we have Ragnarok, so what else do we need?
Yeah, Sword of Mana, which I call it over here, it's the redo of the Seiken Densetsu game, the first one that was called Final Fantasy Adventure on Game Boy, which is a great game, you know, but this one looks, they updated it to make it look more like Seiken Densetsu 3, so, mmm, looks awesome.
That's what I need is Seiken Densetsu 3 on my GBA, that'd make me happy.
All I need to do is just slap the ROM on there, there you go.
They do have the Flash Advance cards if you want to spend like $250 just for the little ROM cartridge and then you can load ROMs.
with a front loader program, or not front loader, a run-in program that'll emulate the ROMs for you.
I heard something... That reminds me, some other hardware things I heard about from E3, they're gonna have something they're releasing for the GBA, where you can watch full motion video for like 30 minutes on a cartridge.
Yeah, they have that already in Japan, you can get it from Lixang.com, but... I always giggle whenever I hear that website.
Lixang, sounds like something in an Asian porno.
You know one thing I saw at Network yesterday was the Game Boy Advance player for the GameCube.
I want me one of those.
It's pretty cool.
It like sits on the bottom of those, kind of weird.
I think there's some comments wanting to be made in the corner that haven't been made yet.
Jamie and I are whoring it.
It's okay.
Omega's trapped in the corner.
Well, Brad, while we were still on that topic, and not trampling it flat, if you like your single-player, first-person, linear shooters, you can go to hell.
You know what?
I like them.
I'll join you.
I don't think I get it.
I can go to hell and you'll join me?
What was your point?
You like linear or you don't?
Ha ha, because Doom takes place in hell!
Nice, nice recovery.
I'm a geek, but I'm not that geeky, sorry.
I remember being in college, right after graduation, going to my friend Marcy's house and playing Doom.
And we'd all be like, hurt me plenty!
Woo!
Thinking we were all badass.
You know, we just thought we were awesome because we could play on Nightmare.
You know, I hate to bring this up again, but why is it that I did not know, I swear I did not know any girls that played video games until after I was out of college.
Long after I was out of college.
I played video games all throughout when I was in high school.
How come I didn't have friends like you?
Because you suck.
I think I was just too preppy or something, and all my friends were in the band and cheerleading.
I worked in an arcade.
I was the only girl who played Tekken 3.
It was Namco Arcade, so we had Tekken 3 before everybody else.
And weren't you known as the girl who played Tekken 3 who kicked all their asses?
And this is five years later.
No, four years later.
The legacy.
But the legend still burns.
Oh, please.
Someone in there.
I went back to that cyber station, though, and, like, proceeded to... It's funny seeing all these people just sort of slapping at the Dance Maniacs machine and then I'm playing, like, you know, Miggle style.
It was funny.
And then, so, we got a bunch of girl gamers in the room.
That's cool.
Like, how long have you been playing video games, Maren?
I've been playing video games since I was 10.
That's so cool.
What was the first video game you remember playing?
Super Mario Bros.
2.
Right.
And then Legend of Zelda.
Very cool.
You know what my first one was?
What?
My first game was Pitfall.
On the Atari 2600?
Uh-huh.
I take that back.
My neighbors across the street were girls and they loved that game.
They made me play it.
And Kangaroo.
Kangaroo was shitty.
Oh, bite me.
I don't care.
Hey, I played Kangaroo in an arcade at Godfather's Pizza.
So, ha.
I'm older.
I remember playing a brand new Donkey Kong machine.
I remember playing a cocktail machine as Batman.
Now, you I would expect to be playing Kongo Bongo.
I never played it.
Because it's the Sega thing, but whatever.
I figured maybe you started... I played Space Fury and Gorp on my Clicca Vision.
I was going to ask Angel, since she's a girl gamer too.
Yeah?
First one you remember playing.
Oh, God.
It was either... Shit.
What was it called?
The damn computer one.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I was born with a controller in my hand!
I've been playing games forever!
I was either like four or five and it was either Super Mario Brothers or Metroid.
I can't remember.
It was like at my neighbor's house.
It was cool.
Then I got my Nintendo while I was in kindergarten and I was a freak from then on.
Yes.
I had a Nintendo jacket in the fourth grade.
I owned you.
Dork!
That's why the girls didn't talk to you.
It's not because... But, did you ever get a hold of Super Mario Brothers cereal?
Yes, Super Mario Brothers cereal was the shit.
What's going on?
Why is everybody yaying here?
Put Jamie on the mic.
Put Jamie on the mic and explain what they're eating.
We're eating Dried Squid.
Alright.
Back to the reminiscing.
Back to the reminiscing first video game ever topic, because I like this topic.
The first one I remember was at Chuck E. Cheese, back when they would have the room with the strobe light, and it was like, cool, you know, how 80s was this?
I remember being like three or four and playing Crystal Castles at Chuck E. Cheese.
Oh my god.
Crystal Castles was the shit.
When he dies, he goes, oh, no.
Or he goes, ouch.
And then he flies away.
And see, it had that giant trackball thing.
So one could say I was attracted to balls at a young age.
Oh, God, we just lost half our listeners.
What do you know?
And gained some new ones.
Ew, it looks like... I'm not going to eat it.
It's gross looking.
Give me some squid.
It smells like punani.
I'm going to eat it live on the air.
All right.
I think now is a good time to get into the... Wait, does anybody want to reminisce first games?
Because we didn't get to everybody.
Dark Tetsuya?
Well, you know, you... Actually, it's kind of... It kind of reminds me of beef jerky.
My favorite is beef jerky.
Oh, God, I don't know.
Fast food, $2,600.
Oh, was that the one where you're the little chef and, like, if you lost, then all the food would get thrown at you?
No, no, no.
Your little purple mouth thingy.
I know the game.
I know the game.
Tapping.
Oh.
Ooh, Rob.
Dang.
Rob, did you shoot what he did?
You just got me and Brad confused, didn't you?
No.
Because everybody does that.
No, I said, Rob, did you shoot what he did?
Oh, what'd he do?
Watch out, I don't know if there's some pussy at you.
Alright, let's finish up the others in the room.
Eat the squid.
Fine, I'll eat the squid, but you've got to give the mic to Angel and the others so they can finish.
You have to eat the squid before I do that.
It looks nasty.
You know what it looks like?
It looks like Big League Chew.
This is horrible radio.
This is horrible radio.
Give the mic to somebody in the back.
Yep, leave.
Magus, first game.
Words cannot express.
Words cannot express what Rob is going through right now.
This is bad radio, tell me your first game.
Oh, it tastes like burning.
Burnination, yes.
I'm probably the youngest here, but I still remember playing Kangaroo when I was three, and then moving on to Burger Time when I was five.
Then it was Duck Hunt, and then it's all downhill from there.
And...
Loki, did you get to reminisce about your first video game you remember?
No, I didn't.
Let's see, the first game I remember... I don't know, I just had like 70 games on the ColecoVision, so I used to play them all.
I used to have this one that was Bumba Jump, that's one of my favorites.
There is this other one, what was it?
Frenzy, I used to like Frenzy.
Tester's Revenge?
Um...
Let's see, um, Smurfs, I used to love the Smurfs game, because that was easy, and I used to make, I used to love to make the Smurfs fall, because they're stupid, and, um, what else, um, there was this one that, I can't remember.
I have a Tragball.
But, but yeah, pretty much, pretty much just, uh, Frenzy was cool.
Oh, ooh, ooh, Jumpman.
I love Jumpman.
Jumpman was awesome.
So, Rob?
Yes?
Now that you've had squid, do you feel like... Okay, I'm going to share this real fast, and we're going to get into the FUs of the week.
I've had, what is it, calamari?
I love calamari, it's good.
That, not good.
That's like beef jerky, but it's squid.
How can you, I'm just watching Maren, and she's just like, nope, nope, she's just eating it, mmm, this is good shit.
It's nasty!
It's nasty!
Mmm, beefy, but more like squiddy.
I'm expecting it to like explode in my mouth or something.
Anyway, I'm glad nobody caught that.
Alright, let's settle down children because it's time for Jamie to burninate with the FUs of the week.
But the soul still burninates.
My mouth is full of squid.
Alright, you ready, Jamie?
No.
Since it's our season premiere, we should remind the listeners what the FUs of the week are all about.
It's where we take all the shit that pisses us off and say, fuck you.
Okay.
How was that?
The chat room is begging and pleading us to keep it under control this week and not go on for an hour, so...
So, let's try and regulate ourselves, boys and girls.
If you hesitate, if you hesitate too much on your FUs, the mic goes on the next person.
Agreed?
Alright.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Um, my thank you of the week goes to Rob.
for parking really shitty and me having to squeeze my perfectly turning radius-ish car around to get in.
My car has this killer turning radius.
Another fuck you that we give to Julie's car for stinking.
It would make you more proud to know that I was talking on my cell phone when I parked.
Another fuck you gives to Julie's car for smelling like dust and rotten milk and for having no working air conditioning.
Or a radio that lets us change the station.
Or a rearview mirror.
So I had a rearview mirror.
It was a side mirror.
Side mirror.
The passenger side side mirror.
Thank you goes toward getting lost in San Francisco.
Actually, just toward the whole street system in San Francisco.
And then toward, like, you know, not being able to get Final Fantasy X-2 at Network Video.
And also toward the city of Milpitas for being weird.
for having like one entrance off of 101 and another one off of 680 and having me turn around and have a snap.
And then another one goes toward, um, stuff.
The end.
And another, that's my hiccup.
They're burpy hiccups, they hurt.
Ew, are you burping?
Alright.
That's it then?
Triscuit for giving you the phantom taste of cheese, but not really being cheese
Alright, starting with this weekend, uh, or last weekend, um, fuck you to San Francisco, I hate you and your stupid town, it smells like ass, and they have birds that shit on my head, and I don't like that, and, um, the fact that you pretty much, I hate Pier 39, Pier 39 is a waste of time, it's just like expensive shit, and how many stores do you really need of souvenirs for San Francisco?
I can go to any store there and buy the same shit, it really sucks.
So, after that, after you do my freaking cold, because, you know, I hate being sick, and all I smell is snot.
I've smelled snot for about four days now, and that's all I smell.
It's like this nasty ammonia smell.
All day long, that's all I smell is goddamn snot.
Okay?
After you do this stupid British chick that's performing up on the, like, uh... On the water stage, whatever that stupid stage was there...
She was freaking stupid, her and her like gypsy child, I mean, freaking doing these acts up there, and people just didn't give a shit, they're just sitting there going, okay, what's the next thing on, what's the next thing on, and then people are yelling for her to get off the stage, and she's like, oh, how do you like, oh, kids, you know, clap your whistle, and it's just, it was annoying, it was god awful.
F you to the refrigerator for having a stupid plug in the bottom there and water being there and I didn't know what the plug was for so I didn't want the water in the refrigerator so I pulled the plug not thinking that the plug doesn't go anywhere except down to the floor.
and so now the floor's flooded with water from the stupid refrigerator and that sucks.
Um, F you to B3 for not giving me a freaking badge.
I mean, goddammit, I fucking set up a bunch of shit for you guys.
Like, the whole, like, you know, feed for that stupid camera and all that shit.
I got the damn Cat5 cable.
I had to spend my own goddamn money to buy 50 feet of Cat5 I'm never gonna ever use again.
And, goddammit, you couldn't even give me a fucking badge?
What is wrong with you people?
and seriously, and after that, oh, give me a free t-shirt, yeah, sure, I really saw that one, I had to go buy my goddamn t-shirt, I don't give a shit, whatever, so, that was awful, I had to carry my goddamn stuff two blocks to your goddamn freaking arcade, which sucked, because that overpriced shit, all your games sucked, your stupid time crisis games sucked, your stupid fucking, um, god, I can't remember, it's some stupid gun game that the goddamn thing wasn't calibrated, right, I'm firing off the screen and saying dead center,
That was, uh... Yeah, House of the Dead, because I wanted to play that.
Yeah, House of the Dead fucking sucks.
By the way, though, your initial game machine was the shit.
Yeah, but everything else was shit, okay?
What was that goddamn huge... The rollercoaster machine was the shit.
And what the hell is that?
We're having, like, a stupid shooting range right next to where we're freaking performing for freaking DDR.
So every now and then you hear this...
And people are like, what the hell is that screaming noise?
That sucks.
And finally, the biggest one of them all, the biggest FD of the week, is going to PayPal.
PayPal overcharged my account by 600 fucking dollars.
Okay, beware of PayPal.
I wanted to pay for an auction that was $5.99 plus $4.25 shipping for a grand total of $10.24.
What did I get?
I had it.
It instead charged me $599 and $4.25 shipping for a grand total of $6.03.25.
There's nothing that PayPal can do, so I had to end up contacting my guy, which made my account overdraft, which also caused a bunch of my other auctions to, you know, overdraft my account even more, so now I have to pay finance charges of about $180.
Plus, I had to come up with rent money.
So I had to sell off my DVD collection to fix that.
Thank you, PayPal, for ruining my whole fucking week.
The end.
Wow, how can I follow that?
Let's see, my FU of the week goes to being sick on a weekend.
Being sick on a weekday, that's okay.
That's okay.
My FU goes to Loki for giving me SARS in the first place because he was sick and now I'm sick.
And the thing is, if you're sick on a weekday, that's cool because you can miss work.
But being sick on a weekend, that just sucks because now you have to work and you have to waste your weekend lying in bed going, I hate my life and I want to die.
But...
I do have a good point out of all this.
Coldies, whoever invented coldies, pure fucking genius.
I'm already on the other end of my cold and I was never like super duper ill.
Coldies are the bomb and I recommend everybody take them.
You should have been listening to me from day one because I've always told you just take zinc and vitamin C and you'll feel better.
That's exactly what's in that shit.
Yeah, I know.
But it's called coldies and it tastes like cherries.
No, they do taste like butt.
I'll agree.
It tastes like the shitty rear end of a SARS victim.
Yeah, F you to the taste of coldies.
That's awful.
Alright, let's move on to the other folks in the room.
Starting off with Marin.
I would like to say F you to my car, since the alternator exploded or something and we had to replace it.
F you to McCarran International Airport for making me take off my shoes so they could x-ray them.
And F you to guys who step on your feet and do not apologize and are rude.
And that's about it.
Other than that, it was a good week.
Yeah, and then guys who step on your feet and smell bad and can't work the soft-serve ice cream machine.
So, yeah.
So insensitive.
Uh, let's move on.
I'm gonna move on and get Brad to go here.
Here.
Is this my song?
You always give me this.
It's a different song every week.
Okay, anyway.
I don't know if he goes to Sailors, because, um, I mean, I love Irene's dad and all, but, uh, he wanted to play, he's from, he was in the Navy, you know, he's retired.
He...
He played, we had to do a drinking game, sailor style, like sailor rules.
And you had 60 seconds to drink your shot.
And we went in a round of three people.
And I probably had somewhere around 11 or 12 shots of rum last night.
And I didn't get sobered up until about 2 p.m.
today.
So, sailor style.
Yes.
Dead air.
I'm sorry.
Mike.
Okay, okay, my F.U.
goes to not having that stupid DWI finish I wanted on the Season 3 premiere.
I was hoping to have it finished by then.
And F. not being able to sleep, because I had nowhere to sleep, but that was probably my fault.
So, yeah, F.U.
to myself.
Okay.
Angel!
Uh, I'd like to say F.U.
to my boss again, because he almost didn't give me the weekend off.
Ow.
I gave him that flash.
I feel the flash.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, so I almost didn't get to come here.
See?
That wasn't good.
So, FU to that.
Alright, moving on to Magus.
Yeah, first of all, FU to the Sacramento RT bus system.
They don't know how to run their buses around Arden.
We were trying to get from my high school...
to Arden Fur Mall to go see, like, Matrix 3 Loads and stuff.
Apparently, we make it to the light rail station and, well, the bus doesn't show for an hour and a half.
So we took the long walk from Arden Fulton to the mall in the burning heat.
Second of all, yes, yes.
Make sure you want to fly the McViper.
Uh...
Second of all, F you to traffic on Thursday.
What the hell?
We leave on Thursday right before Memorial Day weekend.
We expect no one to be on the road.
We're an hour and a half late coming into the Bay Area.
Fuck those stupid drivers.
When again, we were one of the stupid drivers.
Next.
F you to Chinese food places that play Outbreak while you're trying to eat.
That's kind of funny.
I don't know if I give an FU, that's funny.
A Chinese movie plays, it plays Outbreak, the movie Outbreak.
It happened to be, it happened to be Silver Garden, thank you very much.
Uh, does Navi have any FUs of the week?
No.
Somebody, somebody's nice.
Somebody's in a happy mood and has no FUs of the week.
He says he forgot them because they were fucked up.
Alright, so that's it for the studio FUs of the week.
Hey, not bad.
Oh wait, does Nelly have anything?
Okay, oh, she's not that bitter.
Okay.
Okay, let's move on to the chatroom FUs then.
Hey, not bad you guys.
It only took 20 minutes to get through ours.
Usually it takes an hour.
Okay, Mandarin.
Mandarin.
Fuck the Orange Lounge radio hosts that don't wish me a happy birthday Fuck stupid managers at Yardbirds that make my girlfriend work on my birthday Fuck real radio stations like 94.9 who overplayed this song Let's see, fuck people who say fuck too fucking much
Fuck my roommate's ex-girlfriend because she's a controlling bitch who won't let my roommate be gay.
Or at least trying as hard as she can.
Don't be gay.
Don't be gay, Sparky.
Don't be gay.
Alright.
Moving on.
Justin B would like to say F you to Rob and Jamie at the beginning of the show when Jamie was coughing up her lungs.
Because the comment you made and Jamie coughing made me spit soda slash hot dog out of my mouth.
And now we just had a laugh at your expense.
That was the win.
Keep going.
Ninst would like to say, F56K Connections who keep buffering Orange Lounge Radio.
Stupid kids who think they can play DDR when they can't pass beginner songs Moving out at the end of the college year My professor from my coding class, he didn't show up with a final until an hour after he should have One more time, my modem and being a 56k connection People who decide to take slow drives on country roads on Sundays You drive too slow and keep other people from where they need to be
People who don't like Matrix Reloaded, they had to think somewhat, because they had to think somewhat.
And to close it off, my 56k connection to my ISP should die.
Oh, one more.
F you to my brother's roommate, you are the laziest bastard I've ever seen, and F you to Radio Shack.
They overcharge on everything.
Why can't there be a decent electronics shop around here?
That was two more.
Yeah, that was like two or three more.
God, everybody's got a marathon today.
Okay, DJ Tyrant would like to say, FUs to the internet connection I'm on.
Fox for not yet releasing 24 Season 2 on DVD.
They will this summer, you know it.
Women for only wanting to be my friend and nothing more.
Aww.
The City of Ventura for being an ass to the new Arcade Electric Avenue and it taking forever for them to get their license.
FU to school for just sucking.
I don't want to go.
Um, and congrats to JSB for winning James Games 4 yesterday.
FU to Spice World.
And Black Lab would like to say, FUs, fuck horrible sleep cycles, fuck boredom and laziness.
I spent about 90% of this weekend thus far sitting at my computer.
Fuck the heat.
Riding a bike across town in 95 degree heat is not fun.
Fuck the holiday for keeping the dining halls closed an extra day so I can't eat a decent meal a day longer than usual.
DarkSakura.com
All right.
Moving on.
John Fields would like to say, F you Sony for making the PS2 with such cheap parts.
Discreet error, discreet error.
I'm so freaking tired of turning my PlayStation 2 upside down and spinning it all around to get it to read the disc.
Also F you to server ops to take their job way too seriously and let nothing go by and then lying about giving warnings and thus ban someone without them realizing what they were doing was wrong despite of how insignificant the problem was.
Vandalus would like to say an F you.
F you to my Cadillac for having a leaky radiator.
Arcadian42 would like to say fuck you to the person who strayed to my rear car door in the Scandia parking lot and dented it in slightly.
Now the window of that door won't go down all the way anymore.
Fucking hit and run bitches.
and lastly, Muheimer would like to say, fuck me for not being here and submitting late, fuck not having the internet for two weeks because of McGathey Firewall, fuck homophobes, but yay for 50 cent DDR extreme 10 minutes away finally, oh, and thank God for acupuncture curing my allergies.
Allergies.
Hooray, that's everybody's FU of the week.
So, any last bits of bitterness?
Loki,
You have something new that's going to be coming to the show that I see you just got.
Do you want to share with our listeners what you just won?
Yeah, I actually found this when I was looking for Dansense Revolution stuff.
You know, normally I look for the arcade discs and stuff, and this just happened to be pulled up in an eBay auction.
So, I won a hentai cosplay.
Actually, it's a cosplay porn featuring DDR characters.
So yes, we have DDR porn.
Will we get to play that on the show?
Of course.
Yay!
Oh, yay.
Don't sound too excited, Jamie.
No, I'm actually kind of curious.
Is it going to be like Final Fuck X?
I hope it's not all blurred out and shit.
Will there be pantsless rage?
It'll be just like Final Fuck X. Where did my afghan go?
That's what I'm curious.
It's like disappeared.
Oh, there it is.
It ran away from all the people.
By the way, I like these chairs because I can sit really, you know, sideways in them.
Okay, we're going to take a quick break.
And we're going to come back and do the cage match in a little bit.
But first we're going to hear some Kylie from the Euro Mega Mix.
And then we'll hear something from Poppin' Music.
and last message because Jamie wants to hear it.
So we'll be right back, boys and girls.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft,
I wish to the arrest of your foe, may he make your message a thousand times
Thank you for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Orange Lounge Radio.
We put your thing down, flip it, and reverse it.
Hello, and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
And we're just a few minutes... We're just a few minutes out from this season three's very first cage match, which should be an exciting one.
I've seen all the songs, and I think... I picked Crab.
I think... No, actually, your pick is pretty... Well, we'll see...
You'll see what the songs are going to be in a little bit.
But they're all pretty good.
I know which songs, I've heard all these songs, they're all pretty good.
They're all the kind of music that our chat room seems to like.
So those of you that yell at us for picking crap, I have nothing to complain about this week.
They said it picks show tunes.
Masquerade, Paper Faces, I'm very... Okay, wait.
I thought I'd open the floor up for story time because I know a lot of people had stories they wanted to tell tonight.
So, Jamie, will you want to kick it off?
Why don't you tell us about how you've been burninating this weekend with Marin.
Or does Marin want to tell the story?
I don't know.
It starts off with me at work at 5.30 in the morning.
Do I need story time music?
Do you want story time music?
Sure.
It's Sal-kun.
Oh, yeah, I have to play the music that came to us from the Hamster Alliance.
Because Loki liked it.
Which, I don't remember which one it is.
I think it's this one.
Okay.
Rob, do you have any cookies?
Do I have what?
I need cookies to tell a story.
Just tell your story.
I get off work, and I go right over to Jessica's house.
And there's...
Somebody waiting for me there, sitting on the couch, which is still set up theater-style seating for watching movies on the wall.
So, we went, and what did we do?
We went out to South Sac for boba.
Then we went to Roseville for sushi.
Then we went back to my house and decided to watch Battle Royale.
I got my Battle Royale manga first because we went to A1 Comics.
and then we watched Battle Royale and your impression?
Battle Royale was interesting.
I think it would have been better if Dan wasn't doing, you know, director's commentary during the last half of it, but it was pretty interesting.
Moving on.
Paper plate!
Okay.
This joke ends right now, okay?
The plate has been retired.
I have a new weapon.
It's called the smell of pussy.
Or squid.
Janae, put your pants on.
Okay, anyway.
So, and we ended up crashing out.
Next day, we wake up at, well at least I woke up at the ass crack of dawn, you know like 8.30 in the morning, and you were still asleep.
So I went back to bed, got up around 9.30, we bummed around, and then tried to get out of the door, but I kept forgetting stuff.
And so we finally get in Julie's, you know, car that smells like, you know, granny panties.
You know, the smell of dust and rotten milk.
And so we had a really nice drive going into San Francisco and then I got lost because I forgot to turn on Van Ness.
and do some direction and just some random turning.
We make it, you know, to Giri and get there.
Go shopping, have good food.
I almost bought SARS masks, but sided against it.
And then we managed to get to a network video with no problem, except for the guy behind me who wanted to kill me.
This guy had this big vehicle.
I swear he was like the worst driver in the world.
But anyway...
So the next thing, we get on the 101 South again to go to...
to network, and it turns out he gave us directions to Sunnyvale, because we were trying to get to Milpitas instead.
So, I got directions from, um, from Shark's Girl, from my Waikipoo, and we, uh, managed to get to Milpitas Golf Land, race Delete Horses, and then we came back and said, hey, we want some boba.
So we went to Davis, got... What the fuck is this music?
It's story time music!
Okay, this music needs to go away.
Okay.
It's okay, but it doesn't fit my story.
Do you want the violins again?
This is some burninating music.
Okay.
Then we got back to my place, and we were going to have pizza, but we sort of just didn't make it.
We watched, we played some Soul Calibur 2, and I got my ass handed to me repeatedly every time Marin picked Taki.
Of course, it turned out that I was like super cheap with, who was I super cheap with?
I'm always cheap.
No, it was Seungmino.
When I pulled out Seungmino instead of Kilik.
I was really cheap.
And with Yunsung.
I sucked with Link.
Then we watched some Shaman King, but she fell asleep.
I was like, wake up!
Go upstairs, go stand with the couch.
So she goes to sleep, and I'm playing Ragnarok until 1.30 in the morning.
And then the end.
And then there's today, where we just, like, sat around the house, like, most of the morning.
And then, um, what else happened?
We went to the mall, went to Fresh Choice, where the stupid man was, who smelled funny, and stuck on my foot.
And then we, um, we went to see Rob, not Rob, we went to see Dan at work.
Some man's just mumbling in the background.
mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble mumble
Tell us about Trogdor.
Trogdor is a man.
Trogdor is a horseman.
Well, really, he's just a horse.
But still, he's Trogdor.
That's just kind of jazz!
Okay.
Alright.
Anybody else have something they want to share for Orange Lounge Storytime?
I know that they did over there.
What?
What?
What?
First of all, I have pie.
You don't have cake pie, you have apple pie.
I still have pie.
Whatever.
Music.
You've got music.
Get some Chinese music or something.
I didn't mean that in a bad way, but yeah.
Just tell your damn story.
It's the Silver Garden thing.
I know.
And I think I pretty much said it.
Oh, because of the outbreak thing they were playing?
Yeah.
Well, then why did you raise your hand?
I don't know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Uh, I've asked another to the Exxon.
Woo!
Yay!
Which one?
Uh, Foundation something.
It's a, yeah, Foundation of Our Love, sorry.
Uh, Magus?
One word.
Bad!
I thought you were going to say Shades, damn it.
Um, my Bomani accomplishment this week is the fact that there's the remix contest going on over on Bomani Style.
and I can't play DWR.
DWR.
Can't play Sub Mania and talk at the same time.
Anyways, there's a competition going on over at BomaniStyle.com.
It's a remix contest.
And both entries...
The Dark Black Forest, The Midnight Angel Mix, and Legend of Trance are over there So, everybody that's listening, what you need to go do is you need to go over to BomaniStyle.com Go to their forums, if you're not a member, sign up, it'll only take a second You go down to the very bottom, you'll see Bomani Style Remixing Contest Volume 1 What you want to do once you're there, is you want to find my entry There'll be a thread that says Legend of Trance by Loki You go there, and you rate it a 10 Go do that right now
I'll give you a second.
Okay, now that you've done that, I'll win.
No, but really, go there and listen to all the remixes.
There's a lot of them that really suck, but then there's some that are really good.
You'll know pretty much by looking at it which ones are pretty good.
There's one DJ Demon, I believe, did Max Resurrection.
We played that a while back.
It's pretty good, but I still want to win.
So go vote 10 for mine, because there's just not enough people voting on mine, and I need people to go vote 10, just because.
And then don't just vote a 10, vote everyone else a 1.
No, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
But post in the thread and talk about how beautiful Loki's remixes are and how his remixes make you want to fuck him.
Just kidding, Nelly.
Yeah, you can want.
It's nice to want.
But, yeah, there's some pretty good ones.
The one I like, though, there's a really good Paranoia remix in there that's a hip-hop remix of Paranoia.
And maybe we'll get to play that later on in the show, that's pretty good.
There's a Ghosts one that's kind of a piano-ambient one that's pretty good.
There's a So Deep one that's a piano-ambient one that's pretty good.
There's a long version, like a trancy remix, well, a longer trance remix of So Deep that's, yeah, it's alright.
But yeah, pretty much the Paranoia one, really good.
I mean, that one deserves a 10 also.
Also, the SoDeep one is pretty good.
The analog mix is pretty good.
But yes, vote a 1 for everyone else.
I have a few remixes that I'd name that deserve ones, but I'm not going to name them on the air.
Whistle song.
Anyway, let's get on with the cage match, shall we?
I think our chat room's been kind of a little eager for this, and I am too.
I'm moist with anticipation about this.
So, last week, or two weeks ago, I should say, in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage match, I got you, I got you, Loki.
Remix out.
DJ Tyrant fucks Loki
Anyway, as I was saying, last week in the cage match, Loki's pick won with this.
Oh, by the way, the way the cage match works, all the hosts, the three of us, myself, Loki, DarkSakura, we all pick one song, and they all fight each other per your votes.
So you vote for the song you like best.
and you send those votes over to Sky in the chat room but you can't vote until all three songs have played and then the song with the most votes goes into rotation on Orange Lounge Radio until the next cage match so here was last week's winner and the first song you can vote for tonight it's Don Davis and Juno Reactor with Mona Lisa Overdrive from the movie The Matrix Reloaded enjoy
Alright, that's the first song you can vote for this week.
That's Mona Lisa Overdrive here in the Cajun Match.
Matrix Reloaded, very good scene in that movie, by the way.
That was from the freeway chase scene.
Alright, second song is going to be DarkSakura's pick, so why don't you tell us all about it?
I don't even know if it's named right.
It says it's from Final Fantasy X, but I don't think so.
It's just some cool song.
I don't even remember the name of it.
Alright, I'll name it for you.
It's called Set Me Free and it's labeled by Final Fantasy X, but Jamie can't seem to place this.
And it says it's remixed by Paul Oakenfold, so we'll see.
I highly doubt that.
Yeah, I doubt it too, but I did think the music was cool.
It's just how it was labeled when I downloaded it.
So we're just going to refer to this as Set Me Free because that's the only part of this song name that we think is correct.
So enjoy.
You only heard a clip of the last song because it won last time.
So you only get to hear a clip.
You get to hear the full one of this.
So this is pick number two for this week.
Set Me Free.
Enjoy.
Thanks for watching!
Thank you.
All right, that was the first, or I'm sorry, the second song in tonight's cage match.
That was Set Me Free, which may or may not be Final Fantasy, and may or may not be Paul Oakenfold.
So, go figure.
Anybody want to comment on that and give it something on a scale of 1 to 10?
Jamie?
10.
Loki, you have anything you want to say about it?
It definitely wasn't Oakenfold.
It could have been a lot better than that.
It was all right.
I couldn't place it anywhere in Final Fantasy at all.
It was just kind of average to me.
I've heard a lot of, you know, trance techno tracks.
It was just average.
So I'd give it a seven.
Yeah, I mean, it's very trance in the fact that I see it as kind of like background music, but it's nothing I'd kind of be all, ooh, I've got to listen to this song.
Oh, my God, I love this song.
But, like, you know, if it was planned, I'd be, okay, yeah, I'd just kind of, you know, bob my head like the Roxbury guys.
So, you know, I'd give it a seven and a half.
Cool.
Anybody else want to comment on Set Me Free?
DarkSakura?
Oh, I liked it.
It would probably make good background music for, like, First Man Net or something.
Uh, seven and a half.
Uh-huh.
Anybody over here in this corner want to comment on Set Me Free?
Anybody?
Anybody, anybody?
It was okay, but, uh... You good?
Yeah.
Um, I don't know, do you want me to rate it?
Yeah.
Um, no?
Okay, I won't.
No, you have to rate it.
I've been denied or something.
Okay, um, seven.
All right.
So, any, oh, Magus?
Very trancy, really good like working music if you're like working on some like platform or anything like that.
I'd probably give it an 8.
It's good burninating music.
Yeah.
Oh, hacking or burninating.
Yeah, there we go.
That's good music for decorating cakes too.
Yeah.
I like that.
Some cake decorating music.
I like that.
I like driving to it.
Okay.
Any other comments on Set Me Free?
Anybody, anybody?
You could be influencing the votes.
Oh, we have a hand.
Good music to refurbish cabinets to.
Okay.
Alright, moving on.
The third and final song in tonight's cage match is my pick.
And I decided to go the slutty route and I picked a former porno star.
I picked Tracy Lords.
Did I call it or did I?
And this song is kind of, it's a couple years old.
And a lot of people know this song from the Mortal Kombat soundtrack.
It's called Control.
But this is the version that has the vocals in it.
So you can be really slutty.
So everybody get naked because this is the song to have some sex to.
This is my pick for this week's cage match.
It's Tracy Lords with Control.
Thanks for watching!
Alright, that was Tracy Lords with Control, so let's get thoughts and reaction on that one.
Jamie?
It's cool, but I've had that version for a long time myself, so for me it's kind of old.
It still doesn't mean it's unless it's a good song, I'd give it probably a 7.5.
Alright, anybody else want to comment on Control?
I love that song because that brings me back to Q's our days, where we used to play with the Mortal Kombat soundtrack all the time.
and that movie, while being a really sucky movie overall, it was good at it's time.
I like this on U.S.
Dark Tetsuya?
Oh, this is okay.
I'll give it a 7.
Okay, Angel?
Hey, Mortal Kombat 6A.
What was the soundtrack to it?
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
Anyway, okay, um, I'll give it an 8.
If you want to rip off someone's head, I'll give it a 7.
It's good.
Nothing kicks more ass than the World Combat The Game soundtrack.
I have that.
I had that.
I need a copy of that, though.
I would agree with Nico Adachi in the chatroom who says it sounds like techno stripper music.
Amen.
Total stripper music.
Yes, another comment?
That'd be my cage dance music.
Seriously, I love that.
I'd give it a 10.
So how appropriate for the cage match.
That was really bad.
Yeah, I know.
That joke gets a 2.
Anyway, anybody else, any other comments on Tracy Miller's control?
Yeah, mine is 2.
What?
Wait, what?
I like her pornography better than her music.
I had a really funny one, though.
It was, like, I think her first album that she did.
Just about, like, this girl who would, like, seduce these guys and then, like, kick her ass.
I'll have to find that CD again.
Next time for your cage match, pick Carmen Alexa.
Please, find some, like, Carmen Alexa and play it.
We'll see, we'll see.
Alright, you can send in those votes now.
You can send those over private message to me in the chatroom.
My name is Sky, and you just, if you're not in the chatroom, get your ass in there.
www.callybomani.com Click on Orange Lounge, click on chat.
Here's a little reminder of the songs you can vote for tonight.
Song number one is last week's winner.
It's Mona Lisa Overdrive.
Song number... That was kind of a crappy part to play, sorry.
Song two is Set Me Free.
And song number three is Tracy Lord's With Control.
Alright, so those are the songs you can vote for.
Send those now.
Okay, so, that's a cage match.
Everybody wake up, cage match is over.
Cage match is usually a part of a show where people in the studio fall asleep.
I kind of have to pee, but I don't want to pee because we just played a bunch of music, so I don't want to go to break.
Loki, what are you... You're disgusting.
Loki, why don't you tell us about some of the new vinyl you got this week?
I got you some vinyl.
I got Prince's 1999, and I got... Where'd it go?
And I got
I got this other thing.
It's over here.
Got buried under all my other stuff.
I got Desert, Letting Your Mind Go.
And I got Baby's Got a Tempa by Prodigy.
Ooh, it has an instrumental and acapella mix.
You know what that means?
I can make a remix!
There were those other three from earlier in the week.
And I also got...
I got Heaven, DJ Sammy of course, Walk Like an Egyptian, and what else did I get?
The Human League with... It's Don't You Want Me on the other side.
Yeah, it's Don't You Want Me and Love Action.
And also, I got Kachigugu, Too Shy.
and, um, I've got more stuff coming in, thank you eBay, I've got more stuff coming in, I've got, um, the whole Eddie Murphy album, including his song, uh, I forget what his song's called, but anyways, yeah, it's really funny, and then I've got, um, Frankie Goes Hollywood, Relax, and, um, Two Tribes, I've also got, um, well, let's see here, pull up my list, um,
Let's see, I've got... The Reflex.
Cool.
I've got... Oh shit, I'm trying to remember.
Just give me one second.
One.
God damn it.
B.T.
Dreamin' Culture Club Starship Knee Deep and Hoopla Ghostbusters Soundtrack
First, I need to set up the other turntable.
Second, I need to learn how to beatmix.
Kind of an important part of the mix show.
No, I seriously need to practice.
I haven't practiced at all, period.
You know, drama and stuff is preventing me from doing so, so, yeah.
Okay, um, any other, anybody else gonna start a show on Orange Lounge?
Maybe I should start doing a Friday show.
You what?
Maybe I should start doing a Friday show.
I know, I've, uh, I think I'm gonna start, I've tossed the idea around.
It's really inconvenient for me to do one during the week, but Fridays I could do a show.
Right, well, I mean, don't also tie yourself down, because what you can do, you can pre-tape, like, four in a row, and then play them later.
Why would I do that?
If you want.
That sort of defeats the purpose of me doing a live show.
It's up to you.
If you want to do a live show, do it.
I'm thinking about doing a tape show about remixes and originals.
Maybe.
I'm kind of toying with that idea.
Mine's all random crap anyway.
You think maybe this Friday I might do another... If I can get the samples, I might do another video game trivia.
You should call it Taberninate.
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
No, I think the Berninate joke.
We don't want to run that into the ground.
The Berninate jokes...
Yes, Dark Tetsuya.
You don't have to raise your hand, you're not in school.
Well, he has to get a mic, though.
We need to get a third mic.
Yeah, we need to get Espo back into the chat room so I can get my title back from him.
Good point.
Get it while he's not there.
Get it while he's not there.
Yeah, so we're going to get capped on the number of listeners we can have, but don't worry, you guys.
You'll still be able to get through.
If we have to raise the bar by paying a little more, we will.
Whatever.
We'll deal with it.
But I'm pretty sure we're going to be safe for now.
But we get more space, so we can add way more songs to our playlist.
So we could do, like, specialized Guitar Freaks playlist, specialized 2DX and Papa Music playlist, which is an idea being tossed around, because we can use our nifty little auto-scheduler and bring some more variety to the day.
So we hope you're listening to Orange Launch Radio all day long because, you know, we play good music.
Damn it.
Huh?
Okay, so we're going to go to break now so I can pee.
And tally the votes for Cage Match.
Magus, your vote doesn't count because you're here.
Sorry.
I just see your name in red and I already know.
Sorry.
Jamie, any requests for this break?
Let's go with Little Red Corvette.
You want to hear Little Red... What does Little Red Corvette have to do with Balani?
I don't care.
It's Prince.
You're... Okay.
No, I'm not reading that.
Um, why don't we go with, um, some Keyboard Mania stuff?
Okay, some Keyboard Mania.
Let's go with Loose 100 Seconds.
Okay, I can do that.
Um... Let's go with Klunk Klunk.
Hold on, hold on.
Getting him, getting him, getting him.
Uh...
We're going to hear Klunkang.
We'll hear Least 100 Seconds.
Vitalize.
Huh?
Vitalize?
Vitalize, I think I have filed under Guitar Freaks.
Okay, we'll do Vitalize.
And I want to throw in a song for Janae.
I'm going to throw in a song just for you, Janae.
You're not even listening.
That's okay.
Oh, dang.
Dang, I got snapped.
Okay, we'll be back.
and the rest of the band.
I'm in the back of your mind, a smile, but I'm not so blind Just reach out, it's all for love, you'll be the star tonight Get with it, finalize, you gotta tell me You know it's too late when you're dead, night, night, last in line
I need to know how you feel I just can't find my love for you I'm giving all my heart to you, my love I just can't find my love for you
I just decide my love for you I just decide my love for you I'm giving all my heart to you, my love I just decide my love for you I'm giving you my heart, my soul, my love I just decide my love for you I'm giving all my heart to you, my love I just decide my love for you
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song.
Orange Lounge Radio
Alright, we're back.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
And we have the winner of this week's cage match, boys and girls.
And this was a very, very close vote, you guys.
The winning song only had one vote more than the other two songs.
So, like, the other two songs were tied, and the winning one only had one more vote than them.
So here it is.
Your winning song... Once again is Mona Lisa Overdrive.
We...
Oh, wait, I'm sorry, what'd you say?
I was saying, of course, it's riding off the frickin' boom success and jive or whatever, no, hype of the Matrix, so, what do you expect, I mean?
What, you talkin' jive?
Alright, jive, I don't know, I guess it's cause Janace... Janace?
Yes, I hear hissing.
Anyway, uh, so there you go.
So, what now?
I have nothing left to talk about.
Let's just end the show.
Okay, bye.
Does anybody have things they want to talk about for now?
We haven't done any of our game shows in a long time.
Wait, what?
We haven't done any of our shows in a long time.
Any of our game shows?
Our game shows.
Match Game.
I'm really afraid to do Match Game because there's too many people here.
So we just pick, you know, a few of us.
Okay, this is what we'll do.
This is what we'll do.
We'll do match game.
We'll do match game, and for the celebrities, for the celebrities, you pick one, and Loki will pick one, and I'll pick one.
For celebrities.
Okay, so, who are celebrities?
Wait, I haven't written questions for match game.
What am I going to do?
Just type them up.
We'll chat.
Okay.
Chat about something while I think of questions.
Oh yeah, we were going to do Bomani Mad Libs tonight.
Oh, that's right.
Can we... But I haven't typed with any.
I don't know.
Hold on, let me see if I can find some.
You're going to have to give me the computer to do it, Rob.
You need to fill in with a story.
Okay.
No, no, no, give me the computer.
I have to give Jamie the computer.
This is bad.
Here.
Here.
This is fucked up.
While you're waiting for him to do this stuff, go to RagnarokOnline.com and download that game.
You don't want to do it now because they'll interrupt their stream for Orange Blossom Radio.
We already just heard like a ton of music.
Doesn't everybody have like a T1 connection?
Come on.
We'll get to your music later, don't worry.
Talk about shit.
Well, I took a big dump earlier.
No, I'm kidding.
Are you leaving?
Yeah, I gotta go.
Sorry, guys.
F you to having to leave early.
Alright, soul, peace, and chicken grease.
Here's to the third season.
Thank you.
Drinks on the house.
As Battle Royale would say, one down, 13 to go.
I don't want any more freaking drinks.
Alright.
So...
Marin, tell us about this little manga you're reading.
This is the first volume of the English edition of Battle Royale.
And Jamie handed it to me, so I am looking at it.
And hi, Smoss, because I know your name.
And the art is kind of interesting, and there's like a squirrel-faced guy in here that I really want to die.
And hopefully he will die soon.
And that's about it.
Don't you think the Battle Royale thing is getting old?
Well, I had never seen Battle Royale until yesterday, so... Oh, okay.
So it's still new for you.
I'm just teasing.
I'm just giving Javen a hard time.
Oh, okay.
I get a long mic.
I'll come over here to the cuddling folks.
And since they wanted me to talk about marriage this episode and the people that are going to get married on this episode, I'm just kidding.
I know you guys.
You guys are still young.
You're still young and have a long way to go.
But are you enjoying each other's company this weekend?
Yeah.
What am I going to say?
No.
It's cute.
Yeah, speaking of which, we did play those two in Scandia yesterday.
How much time did you guys collectively spend at Scandia this weekend?
Um, let's see, wait.
Friday and Saturday.
So yeah, probably, you know.
About 12 hours?
6 hours each day?
Pretty much.
Any annoying Scandia people stories you want to tell?
Kids running across the DDR machine while you're trying to play.
Oh my god, it's not a crosswalk.
On stage, I mean.
I think, you know what?
We have a picture of it.
We had like this three-year-old up on the extreme just jumping around on stage to Rhythm and Police Lite.
It was hilarious.
We have like two pictures.
They'll be up on the album.
Yep.
Yes, Loki?
Oh, you want to talk about Seattle and the bar holding thing?
That's actually an excellent topic.
No, I like this topic.
Because, okay...
You don't bring anything up, Rob.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But Seattle was kind of getting, I guess, knocked or jabbed at or poked fun at or whatever for being big old bar rapers.
Like, they hold onto the bar when they play their songs, which kind of creates a little bit of controversy.
Is that real PA or whatever?
You know, is it real?
and to them, looking at us, like, the way they're kind of looking at, or I should say, when I say us, I mean California, the way Seattle was kind of looking at California was kind of like, what's a big fucking deal?
You know?
It's that the bars are there, so why not use them?
So what do you guys think?
I'm just curious of people's opinions in here on bar raping, quote unquote.
Um, oops, okay, switch back off, okay.
Um, I really don't give a shit, because I saw a guy, Triple A, Max 300, yes, he was raping the bar, but I'd like to see anybody else try that.
It doesn't really matter.
Exactly, we do have a bleeder, okay?
Anyway.
I mean, think about it.
He doesn't want to fall on his ass.
He doesn't want to break his leg like whatever that guy's name was.
So, at least he's not freestyling and holding onto the bar.
That's different.
But PAing...
The only thing I didn't like, and it had nothing to do with bar raping, was the constant spraying down of Windex on the thing to rub down the pads to make sure they were absolutely clear and free of dust.
That was interesting.
I do think that was overdone a little bit.
I can see the need, okay, you're in a competition, and you want to make sure everything is perfect, perfection, but I was kind of like...
It does seem a little bit excessive.
I don't know.
But then again, it's another thing.
It's just culture, diversity, even within the DDR community, you know?
Up there, it's like, what's the big fucking deal?
That's what Windex is for, to clean things.
I only ever use... No, I don't even use Windex.
The only time I ever clean up pads is when I'm playing doubles, because if I'm going to be putting all my weight in one foot, I want to fucking slip and die.
If I'm playing singles, whatever.
You know, whatever the pads are, fine.
I don't know if...
They realize or even notice, but if you wash them, if you use some sort of solution to clean the pads, it makes it slippier, slippier, slipperier, slipper, whatever.
Slip, more slick.
Thanks, slick.
Slicker.
Uh, yeah, it does.
I don't know if they notice that or not.
I mean, maybe I should stop using, like, chicken grease, but I don't know.
This is my thought on the whole bar thing.
I always said before going to B3 and watching this in action, I always said, you know what, I'm not going to hold on to the bar because I'll look like a retard if I hold on to the bar and play DDR.
But after seeing some of those scores, I'm like, oh my god, I think I'm going to go back and start doing it.
because if holding onto the bar will make me that much better, I'm going to do it.
I don't care if there's this stigma like, oh, you're not supposed to hold onto the bar.
Fuck it.
If I can get scores that good, I'm going to hold onto the bar.
Sure enough, I go back, I play Legend of Max, I hold onto the bar this time, I got like 15 seconds further than I usually do.
Go figure.
Yes, thank you, my recent accomplishment.
I am two-fisting the mics.
Why did you give me a mic and Rob gave me a mic?
I've got both mics.
Take
Dead Air.
You always... Well, they always have to rely on me to bring up a topic.
Well, anything... Anybody else want to say anything about Bar... It's not my show.
It's three people here, and all you guys are here, too.
Hey, I brought up the topic.
That's right.
Jamie's researching our next topic, so it's up to you guys.
Because I just have to sit here and look pretty.
Okay.
New topic.
All right.
We're going to go with this year and pretty much last year.
This year I've noticed a lot of trends changing.
This is just like pop culture trends.
Example, before I used to make all these AIDS jokes, like you're going to get AIDS.
SARS is the AIDS of 2003.
Sars is not a joke.
We laughed so hard just over making Sars jokes during the whole trip.
It was great.
So, is there any other pop culture changes you want to address?
There was another one, but I can't remember it right now.
When you think of it, you bring it up, okay?
Okay.
Alright, in the meantime, Janae has a story.
Okay, I had this really weird story to tell, because just thinking of stars for a minute, it just made me think of something.
I went to the mall the other day, and I went to the store.
And as soon as I walked in the store, I started coughing really bad.
So I was like, oh my god, what's going on?
I thought it was like an anthrax attack.
And walking through the store, walking through, everybody's coughing.
No, anthrax was last year.
Well, anthrax was the year before last.
So anyways, but still, I was like, what the hell is going on?
Come to find out.
This kid that's at his cash register pepper sprayed his boss on accident because he didn't know that the thing was full and he was messing around with it.
And it infected the whole store with pepper spray.
So, that was really interesting to watch that and see the little, like, rent-a-cops come in and be like, We've got to confiscate your pepper spray.
Everybody was... Did they say it just like that?
We've got to confiscate your pepper spray!
No...
No, basically they have Krispy Kreme in one hand and say, we're going to complicate your pepper spray.
My donut is peppery.
Coughing, go.
Oh, is Jamie right?
Do you want to, just before we get over to Mad Libs, do you want to introduce yourself for our listeners?
Do you want to introduce yourself for our listeners?
How do I introduce myself to your listeners?
Tell them your online name and give them a quick personal ad because we know you're available.
I don't know how true that is.
Okay, my name is Janae.
I'm the board.
I'm Pixie Dust, and I'm 20.
I'm too damn old, is what I think.
And I'm looking at a picture of me holding up a McDonald's apple pie.
So, yeah, I'm sexy.
Okay.
Apple pie going straight to my thigh.
You know you want some of this Southern Fried Thigh.
You know that already.
I'm a little stupid and wacko, so, yeah.
Okay, I gotta live on me.
You had a quick thought, Loki, before we get to Madlib?
I did.
Okay, you looked like it.
Okay, Jamie, are we ready for Bumani Madlib?
Oh yeah, I remember now.
What?
My friend was on TV because he was the only UC student to stay over in China during the whole SARS thing while everyone else came home.
His name was Eric Fong.
If you're in the Sacramento area and you happen to be watching News 3 at 11 a couple days ago, you probably saw him.
His name is Eric Fong.
He used to make fun of me all the time, but we were really good friends.
Aww, it's so precious.
Anyway, let's get to our Bomani Mad Libs.
How's this going to work, Jamie?
Give Jamie a mic.
Basically, I'm going to tell you whether or not to say a verb, noun, adjective, whatever.
Okay.
You suggest one, you go around the room, everyone's suggesting one.
Okay.
One by one, and then we'll read you the story.
And by the way, this particular one, I'm not even going to give you the title or anything of what it is, but you get to find out what it is you're butchering after you put in the words.
So should they be Bomani-related words?
No, not necessarily.
Okay.
Be creative.
Be creative.
Okay.
But I will... I'm not even going to say that much.
Here you go.
So let's let... Why don't you go first, Matt?
Wait, you better hold onto a mic, Jamie, and we'll pass around the other one.
Wait, let me do... Hold the mic in my cleavage.
Okay.
All right.
It's there.
All right.
Okay, first one is... Don't look.
A verb.
A verb?
Sarzy.
That's not a verb.
Okay, um...
Dropping.
Dropping.
Drop.
Drop, yeah.
Okay, who's next?
Marin.
Okay.
Noun.
Noun.
Frying pan.
Beautiful.
Alright, next, a verb that ends in I-N-G.
Um, do I get to do it?
Coming.
Next, a noun.
Noun.
Next is a noun.
Monkey.
Next is a noun.
The person with the laptop should read suggestions in the chat room, too.
Opium.
Opium.
Verb.
Irene says jacking.
That's fine.
Adjective.
An adjective from Magus.
Sarsy.
I didn't get that far in third grade English, so I don't know.
Noun.
A noun from Angel.
Never mind, I can't do this.
Person, place your thing.
Beat Mania.
No, because then I'm going to say Beat It Mania.
Tampon.
Okay, it is tampon.
That is the word.
Tampon.
Okay, adjective.
Anybody want to give an adjective?
Anybody?
Loki.
Bloody.
I need one more adjective.
One more adjective.
Smelly.
Alright, knee down.
I like Ragnarok Online.
Verb.
Rug burn.
Rug burning.
Insult.
Insult?
Cunt.
Adjective.
Adjective.
Descriptive term.
How about voluptuous?
Extreme.
Okay, um, adjective.
Uh, bar raping.
That's not an adjective.
Oh.
Um.
Adjective would describe something.
Like, pink, purple, stupid, moronic, retarded.
Gluttonous.
Stinky.
What?
I'm just a little careful.
Noun.
Twin.
Adjective.
I'm thinking twatterific.
Oh, twatterific.
Verb.
Verb.
That's not a verb.
Yes, it is.
Jizz is the noun.
Noun.
DDR Extreme.
Actdeft.
What do you have to say about words like that?
This is the dirtiest bunch of folks I've ever met.
Dirty.
Dirtiest.
Noun.
Ottoman.
What'd you say?
A past tense verb.
A past tense verb.
Yeah.
Okay, I'll take fucked.
Fucked.
Fine.
Ass fucked.
We want ass fucked.
Quote from the chatroom.
Wait, what did you say?
Ball raping is describing the assholes.
DJ Tyrant.
DJ Tyrant.
Nationality.
Wait, wait, wait.
What?
Nationality.
Nationality.
Blackapino.
Cambodian.
Blackanese.
Cambodian.
I like Blackapino.
I like Blackapino too.
Blackapino.
Alright, noun.
A what?
Noun.
A noun.
Um...
Poll, Poll Poll?
Poll, P-O-L-E Okay, we're almost done Need a noun?
Okay, we're almost there A noun?
A noun, um Cream Okay, cream cheese Adverb We already used stars once Um Like fully, completely Um Craftfully?
Crapfully Verb
Come bust.
Yeah, burn a name.
Nationality.
Another nationality?
Honky.
Honky.
We don't Linda.
Number.
I need a number.
I'm sorry?
Number.
A number.
69.
No, 17.
59.
59.
I took 59.
Adjective.
Metallic.
Excellent.
Metallic works.
Nouns?
Shit.
Verb.
Shit, okay.
A verb that ends in I-N-G.
Ferdinating.
Ferdinating.
Past tense verb.
Ferdinating.
Aeroad Cosplayed I'm going to go ahead and contribute one myself because I want to Sodomize Aeroad Aeroad A verb that ends in I-N-G Cosplaying Okay, um, a verb Sodomize Okay, adjective Uh
I don't want one.
What is that one?
We're almost done.
You get the next sound.
Adjective.
Adjective.
Homosexual.
Noun, Matt.
Chainsaw.
Adjective.
Sexualizing.
Sexual works.
Erotic.
Insect.
Dragonfly.
Butterfly.
No butterfly.
Caterpillar.
Centipede.
Alright, you ready?
Yes, okay.
This is from an article taken from IGN.com, which I'm about to post the link to the article in the chat room so that you can do a comparison.
It's right there.
Okay, you ready for the lovely concoction here?
Yes.
Gameplay.
You do not know how to drop Dance Frying Pan Revolution, yes?
If not, you haven't been coming much monkey to me, have you?
So, number one, opium go up on the screen.
Two, jacking on arrows on Sarsy Pad-esque Dance Tampon.
Number three, bust bloody smelly maneuvers.
Bloody smelly maneuvers.
With a tampon, that makes sense.
Sounds like Milpitas Golfland.
Number four.
Number four.
Sweat like a Ragnarok online rug burn like a cunt.
Never mind, that sounds like Milpitas Golfland.
Number four.
Ugh, okay.
Number four.
Sweat like a Ragnarok online rug burn like cunt.
Should I continue?
Okay.
This sounds voluptuous.
It is simple.
It may also sound gluttonous or odd.
As the twin around here like to put it.
Twatterific.
You can jizz that last one for yourself.
I guess...
But from my DDRX Dream, the game, it is also a dirty amount of ottoman.
And there are a few million people out there who asked for the many Black Copino versions of the poll to back me up.
Many frozen extra cream cheese are crapfully included to combust the basic gameplay concept.
the hulky version has a full complement of up to the import 59th mix meaning metallic training, free play, and the diet shit where the other extras oh, where the game shit the calories you burn by burninating but not the solo mode and the other extras that arrowed with recently released number mix
Um, released, uh, 4,900 mix, whatever, okay.
There's no cosplaying that I can sodomize, though.
No homosexual chainsaw, like the sexual centipede and such.
How was that for our first DVR Mad Lib?
Beautiful.
I think the chat room fell asleep for the first half of that, but that was a good payoff at the end, so it was worth it.
That you burninated.
Maybe we should make one in advance and have the chat room vote on words or send them by email, and then we put it in to read during the show later.
We'll tweak that one.
Well, that was fun.
Yeah, I like that.
Shit the calories you've burned by burninating.
Oh, boy.
Hey, Irene, the chat room wants to see another Orange Crush segment.
When do we get to see one of those?
I could probably come up with one by the end of the night.
By the end of the night tonight?
Yeah, what time is it now?
You got 30 minutes.
Okay, I could probably get it in like 10 minutes.
Okay, what we'll do, we're going to go to a quick break, and then we'll come back, and how about we do some Ask Orange Lounge?
Yeah, that's fine.
Does that sound fine?
Okay.
Okay, so we're going to take a quick break, and we're going to do some Ask Orange Lounge.
Okay.
Have a big luck night.
Okay, so Loki's going to queue up something.
You can send in questions now for Ask Orange Lounge because we're going to do that when we come back.
And then we're going to move on to Orange Crush by the end of the show.
Okay, Loki, you ready?
This is a BWL, actually it's a song I found on Bomani Sims.
It's a remix of Era called the Era Grand Blue, or it's Grand Blue, the Era Outset Mix.
And it's pretty sweet, so check it out.
I think you guys will like it.
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you.
Okay, now we're also going to play something.
Loki, you want to introduce this, what you just told me to play?
Okay.
Gravity Reloaded Dread Rock
Still accepting questions for Ask Orange Lounge via the chat room or our email, orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com So send those questions in and we'll be right back after this brand new Loki remix, Gravity Reloaded, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you for watching!
Hello?
Hello?
Is this thing on?
Testing.
Testing 1-2.
I'm looking in the index, but I don't see anything for how to run a radio show.
Hello?
I don't understand this.
Does this thing work?
This thing reads like stereo instructions.
Is this on?
What the hell?
Orange Lounge Radio.
Broke down Get Open Money Radio.
What the f***?
Welcome back, everybody.
It's time for everybody's favorite part of Orange Lounge.
It's the part where the chatroom really gets to participate.
It's Ask Orange Lounge!
Tonight you can ask Orange Lounge, that would be myself, DarkSakura, or Loki.
Or you could ask Marin.
You could ask Pixie Dust.
You could ask, well Nelly's probably not going to talk to you, but you could try asking her.
You could ask Brad, Irene.
You could ask Navi, but he probably won't talk to you either because he's setting up for Orange Crush.
Or you could ask DDR Angel and Magus, quite the cute couple over there.
Alright, let's get to the first questions, shall we?
Let's ask your ass, how are you feeling today?
That had a maturity level of like three.
First question from DJ Tyrant wants to know, when can I come up and be a guest on the show?
That's my question.
Well, when can you get in your car and drive?
Plus, you know, I don't know, I feel weird about having strangers in the house.
I mean, of course it worked before, because I didn't know Angel before she came up here to be on the show, so... Tyrant's not the only one that said he wants to be on the show, though.
Here's my recommendation to you.
Come to a tournament...
Come to a tournament, like, you know, we'll be... I'm sure at least one of the three of us will be at Cyber Beat Nation 2.
Or come to us at a tournament, get to know us there.
Or just come.
Or just come.
And then, once we get to know you, okay, come on a show.
That's my...
That's my biggest recommendation to you, though, is come to a tournament and get warmed up to the show first, because that's an easy way to be on the show.
You don't have to sit here and be bored in the studio like everyone else.
All right.
Let's get to the next question from Ninst.
Ninst would like to know, what is the meaning of life, the universe, and everything?
Forty-two.
Forty-two, says Mary.
Forty-two, says Jamie.
Sixty-nine, says Skye.
Thirty-seven.
Janae might have a serious answer.
My ass.
Your ass.
That's wonderful.
That's the second person.
The meaning of life really is 42.
The earth was constructed to solve the riddle of the meaning of life.
Unfortunately, it was destroyed before it could finish the computation, so it came up with 42.
Now, the purpose of life is easy.
The purpose of life is not dying.
The purpose of life.
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
Repeat.
I have a serious answer to this question.
Can you people handle it?
No.
Okay, I'm going to try.
I'm going to try a serious answer to this question.
The meaning of life is to experience every possible emotion possible.
That's not an awe.
That's like death can be one of those.
I still think the answer is 42.
It's 42.
I feel deathly ill.
I woke up the other day and I went, ah, I'm deathly ill.
Alright.
That's, that's... You know what's funny?
I'm experiencing vomit from that.
You know what the meaning of life is?
Well, actually, you'll never know because once you figure out the meaning of life, that's when you die.
See, so if you ever do figure out the meaning of life, you will die.
That's why no one has ever figured it out.
The meaning of, ah, shit, dead...
The meaning of my life is cake.
Second question from Nance.
Have you taken part in practicing towel day, which is today, May 25th?
What the hell is towel day?
Today is towel day.
Yes, I have.
I had a towel on my head.
Thank you very much.
A towel touched my boobs today.
I took a shower, I had to dry off.
I heard some scandalous about towels in the shower just a little while ago.
I don't use towels, I use those hand dryer things, I like bought one and it's on my wall.
Wait, what do you do, you just kind of like straddle the dryer?
Exactly, it's an industrial one so I straddle the dryer.
It's towel day, does he know?
That's awful, I hope you get beat for that.
Alright, moving on.
Next question from John Fields.
Just how many people in California have SARS?
I want to be on the show when I visit California, but if SARS is a problem, I may wait for next summer to visit.
That's got to be the dumbest question I've ever heard.
Why is that?
Because anyone who's been in America who's gotten SARS has gotten treatment for it and are, like, better.
I think it was a joke.
You know what?
We're not Toronto, so get over it.
Toronto is just trying to be special because they're Canadian.
They're just like, look at us, we're Chinese, sort of.
We have SARS.
We're SARS-y.
We got SARS-ay.
Alright, moving on.
Black Lab.
Oh, excellent question from Black Lab referring to the chat room earlier this week.
Okay, we have to get an answer from everybody on this.
Have you ever been to that point where you were just so hungry, you are so deathly hungry, you would just do anything?
The question from Black Lab, would you give a blowjob for a pizza?
He never done that!
Notice how I don't contest it.
I wouldn't give a blowjob for any reason because it's nasty.
I'm sorry, but it's the whole concept of putting your mouth where someone pisses from.
So I would probably say that what I would do instead is get in my car and go buy one.
Let's say you don't have any money.
Then I would kill someone for pizza.
But I would never blow them.
Anybody else want to comment?
I agree with Jamie.
Thank you.
Well, I'd receive one for pizza, then I'd have blowjob pizza.
Excuse me.
Okay.
Here's an excellent plug for our forums right here.
Visit www.caliabomani.com slash NBOR3 where our forums are.
And Zero put an excellent answer to this question earlier this week, so go read it.
Let's change this show from Orange Lounge to Dick Haters because...
I don't hate... Hey, uh-uh, uh-uh.
We ain't... Dick-hating feminazis.
There you go.
Hey, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I don't... It's not that I hate the dick.
It's just I don't find it particularly appetizing.
Let me put it this way.
It's like, to Jamie, dick is like a teddy bear.
You know, you can fluff it and play with it and hug it and squeeze it, but you're not going to eat it.
You put it in your cooch?
To me, dick is foreign.
It is so foreign, it's like Japan, so I don't know where it is.
So foreign.
Let's revise this.
Let's revise this.
What would you do for a Klondike bar?
But that's chocolate, that's different.
Anyway, moving on.
What would you do for an Oreo Klondike bar?
Moving on.
I want to get through these AskCourseLounge questions.
Okay, here we go.
Here we go.
I just heard, oh, this is from CrashOverride003, as opposed to 0070s003.
He or she, sorry.
I just heard that DDR Extreme is the last arcade game for the DDR series.
Oh, that old rumor.
Is this true?
That old rumor.
If it is the last, will be complete BS.
And, again, that old rumor.
You know what, this is my thought.
Again, there is no definitive answer.
If we knew the definitive answer, we'd tell you.
I have the definitive answer.
Who gives a shit?
This DDR sucks.
Shut up.
No, it's not the last one.
The next one will be the last one.
And they're going to continue it on the console because DDR is not popular in Japan.
Popular music is.
Here's my thought on it.
As far as the USA is concerned, it's true.
There's probably not going to be any other USA machines.
It's pretty much a home only thing.
Japan, nobody really knows.
But here's my thought.
It's probably the last version of DDR in its current form.
If they do another DDR, it's going to be like DDR DX type thing.
That's my honest opinion on it.
So we get Technomotion, I see.
Hopefully.
Not.
Anyway.
Let's see.
Also, second part of this question.
Oh, and when are they going to fire Naoki and replace him?
Some of his material is just plain shit now these days.
Don't you know that they clone Naoki every year and keep using his clones?
I don't know.
I do notice that Extreme kind of had less Naoki tracks than usual, but I don't think.
He's still doing music for 2DX and all that, so he's still around.
From what I understand, isn't he also actually working on Gradius?
Gradius 5?
Yeah, he's got things to do.
All right.
Okay, so I'm going to cut off the question submission now.
So I've got four questions left to burn through here, and then we're going to get to Orange Crush.
Okay.
KeenMaker in Exile wants to know, oh, that's not a question.
Well, okay, good question, I guess.
Why the fuck do I live so far away?
That's actually zero under another name.
Because you do.
Because it's closer to my work, so thusly everybody else must suffer because I'm lazy.
DJ Tyrant would like to know, would just like to say that he'll be there at CBN too.
Thank you.
Ninst would like to know, what would Jesus do for a Klondike bar?
He'd die for your sins.
What would Jesus do for a Klondike bar?
Die for your sins.
I thought you said something about five cents.
Die five cents.
He'd just, you know, hang around.
He'd pick up a piece of shit and turn it into a Klondike bar.
Jesus would blow the pizza man.
Anyway, okay.
It came from FuzzyHalf
from Dracona's Daughter.
She was at a DDR tournament and said, this DDR sucks.
Yeah.
So there you go.
Was that at CVGL or was that at... It was Lily.
I know it was Lily that said it, but was that at CVGL or was that at the Mountain Mike's one?
Mountain Mike's.
I think it was the Mountain Mike's one.
I thought it was from, what was it, that huge tournament?
No, it was TVGL.
I thought it was that huge SoCal tournament or whatever that they were competing for freestyle or whatever, and it was for the Solo Machine.
That was Solo Sucks anyway.
That's Solo Sucks anyway.
That's the other one.
But, yeah, this DDR Sucks came from... It was TVGL because we did the Step Squad thing at Mount Lykes, the promo at Mount Lykes.
Oh, okay.
She didn't kill, I went.
I thought it was the same day that you guys had done that promo, but it was she didn't kill one.
No, it was before.
We tried to get her to say it again and she wouldn't.
Either way, I wasn't there.
Alright.
So, now it's time for Orange Crush.
So, Irene, who's competing in Orange Crush today?
If it's about pop and music, I say it's me versus Jamie.
Okay, you have it.
Wait, hold on, I've got to get the theme music.
Let's listen to Jamie's elbow.
Hold on, now it's time for Orange Crush, we have to play the theme music.
Now it's time for Orange Crush.
Now it's time for Orange Crush.
Alright.
Okay, Irene, take it away.
You can...
Do I need to leave the room then first?
Okay.
Tell them about the topic and stuff, and somebody else needs to time.
Can somebody time for me, please?
Garrett, go keep him company since you know all the answers to the questions anyway.
First of all, I know shit about pop music.
Does anybody have a watch?
You'll keep time.
It's 30 seconds.
Can you do that?
Anybody can count to 30?
Okay, cool.
Just let me know.
Okay.
Okay.
The theme for tonight is called Five Button Mode.
Which song from Guitar Freaks 9 and Drum Mini 8 came from Poppin' Music 8?
Which Poppin' Music artist is getting the newest Artist Collection CD?
In Poppin' Music 7, the song Platonic Love is done by Nard, who is better known by which alias?
I don't know.
Okay.
What are the names of the two star characters in poppin' music?
Nyami and... Oh, no.
I don't play poppin' music.
Why was I picked?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Okay.
You didn't get any of them right.
So you got half of one right, but you didn't finish it.
Yeah.
But and Munch, Neil and Bob.
Okay, Rob, it's your turn.
Thank you for playing, Jamie.
Thank you.
Rob's not going to do any better.
Oops, did I say that out loud?
Okay.
We're just waiting for Rob.
So, go check out RagnarConline.com.
I know.
Shameless plug, shameless plug.
I hope everyone likes all these poppin' music questions.
I have to thank Garrett.
Garrett came up with these questions, because he's amazing.
Garrett's the frickin' awesome... Navi.
Navi?
What is a Navi?
You watch Lane?
From Link.
I'm sorry, Navi.
Uh-oh.
Okay.
Okay, Rob, are you ready?
By Janae.
I haven't been fucked like that since grade school.
By Janae, thank you.
Okay, my turn.
Ooh, I can play Orange Crush.
I'm so excited.
Are you ready, Andrew?
3, 2, 1, go Which song from Guitar Freaks 9 and Drum Mini 8 came from Poppin' Music 8?
777 Which Poppin' Music artist is getting the newest Artist Collection CD?
No In Poppin' Music 7, the song Platonic Love is done by Nard, who is better known by which alias?
Naoki What are the names of the two star characters in Poppin' Music?
What are the names of the what?
The star characters in poppin' music.
Um, the two star, uh, um, pass.
Shit!
You got one right.
How many did Jamie get?
Half of one.
I beat Jamie, I beat Jamie.
Jamie, you can come, oh, she's right there.
Jamie, since you're sitting right there.
Wait, okay, what's the fifth question?
I just want to see if I can answer it.
The fifth question that neither of you got to was, the vocalist from the Swedish song did which song in eighth style?
Hour Shadow?
Or is it Halfway of Promise?
No.
Which one?
I'll tell you in a minute.
Alright, fine.
Let's go over the answers.
We'll go over the answers.
Okay, first question.
Which song from Guitar Freaks 9 and Drum Mini 8 came from Poppin' Music 8?
Rob is right.
777.
You know how I knew that?
Because that's in rotation on Orange Laundry Radio.
I know.
Okay, question number two.
Which Poppin' Music artist is getting the newest artist collection CD?
Let me think about this one a little longer.
It's a Poppin' Music artist getting a collection CD.
Um...
I'm just trying to think of the artists that have a lot of songs in pop and music.
I would... The classic?
The classical ones?
It's either going to be A, Des Rho, B, Hideo Sua, or C, Parkets?
I would actually say, before I say Des Rho, I'd say Hideo Sua.
No, it's Parkets.
Oh.
Haha.
Okay, third... Des Rho has his own albums, and Des Rho hasn't gotten anything yet.
Yeah, haha.
Okay, question number three.
In Poppin' Music 7, the song Platonic Love is done by Nard, who is better known by which alias?
Yes.
Oh!
slash DJ Nagrius slash Tiger Yamada.
Duh!
Okay, either one of those would have been accepted.
Okay, fourth question.
What are the names of the two star characters in poppin' music, Niami and Nimi?
Wow.
I was thinking of the other ones.
I was trying to think of that chick from Dimanche that looks like a hussy in the second one.
Yeah, I know.
And then I had the image of them.
Oh, that's what they're talking about, and I had no idea.
Okay, and the fifth question.
The vocalist from the Swedish song did which song in 8th style?
Murmur Twins.
Oh, I should have known because it's like Garrett's favorite eight styles.
Or one of them.
One of them, isn't it?
I love number twins.
Okay.
And that concludes another episode of Orange Crush.
Thank you very much.
That was beautiful.
You're welcome.
Here you go.
Good job.
I hope the chat room enjoyed that.
Jamie and I making butts.
Jamie and I making butts out of ourselves with our lack of pop and music knowledge.
Because he made the questions.
I got yummy.
I like to give mad props to Garrett.
Oh, he's on compliments.
You know, I got it because she was in YY Racing.
And I am so down with Garrett.
The only reason I knew like any of those, or would have known it, you know, I'm such good friends with Garrett, and I still didn't know.
Okay, so, can I get my chair back?
Please?
Please.
Alright.
What else do you guys want to talk about?
Do you want to say something about poppin' music?
Because we never talk about poppin' music in the show.
You want to say something about it?
Want to say it, Navi?
Hi, I'll say something about poppin' music.
Since apparently no one ever really plays it, except for like me and then people in SoCal, as demonstrated by that last quiz.
Yeah, um, uh, news, uh, Poppin' Music 8 is coming out on July 3rd, um, at home, along with Silent Hill 3 is being released on the same date.
Um, uh, the wonderful little site, Nifty slash Globalgate, where you can translate all those fun Japanese pages into English.
clearly demonstrated how confusing their sites are.
It's either that or the Japanese are weird with the way that they, I don't know.
In my Japanese class, I learn all kinds of stuff about their culture and how, you know, like an example, you don't say you don't want something, you just say, oh, I'll take a little of it, and that means you don't want it, because it's too rude to say you don't want it.
Same kind of goes for when I was trying to translate these pages and read about the pre-orders for the limited edition Poppin' Music stuff, see what the hell they're all putting in it.
It looks like, from the way everything is worded and separated, they have the limited edition package, and then they have the privileged limited edition package.
Which I don't really get what the hell is going on, but needless to say, they're loading this shit up.
I don't know why they don't do this for any other Bimani games.
But Poppin' Music 7 had tons and tons of stuff in it.
This one has just as much.
They're putting in long... Besides the VRare CD, we have a new sticker pack with all kinds of stickers of characters and stuff.
There's...
Poppin' Music 8 Poppin' Music 8
God, there was some more stuff too, I can't remember at all, but it's one big humongous package of goodies.
And there's going to be well over a hundred songs in Poppin' Music 8.
There were 54 new songs to begin with in 8, and usually with how they do the consumer stuff, there'll be another 10 to 15 consumer tracks that they add on to this.
So it's going to be quite a nice game.
Yeah, I don't know what else to say.
I'm moist of anticipation.
That was so funny.
One big humongous package of goodies.
Yeah, pop music tends to be in test located right now in Japan also.
I came up with a stupid thing that you could use.
What?
Now introducing Orange Lounge with a fresher scent.
Thank you.
That's very clever.
Very cute.
Not feeling so fresh?
Try the new Orange Lounge.
Douche with Orange Lounge.
Anyway.
Oh, my.
Thank you very much for the pop music update.
We appreciate that.
We'll have to bring you back to do it again because none of us keep tabs on pop music.
You're the only person in the whole North State, I think, that plays it regularly.
Oh, yeah, and then I'll really get to play it once I get my arcade-style controller so I can tell you how wonderful that is and then you guys can be jealous.
I'll get to play it.
You better let me play it.
You have to bring it to an episode and then we'll just have an episode of Orange Lounge where I hear in the background, Pop!
Okay, I also want to give the mic to Loki real fast because it's been two weeks with no sim update so he might have something to say.
Um, there's still Tourney Mix 4, which I gotta work on my entry for that.
And, um, there's, you know, check my sims, tons of stuff there.
My site's still gone.
And, um, um, let me see.
Oh, oh, new DWI version, there's a 2.49, I think.
And it's got, like, a bunch of bug fixes and stuff, so we're good to go and download that.
It's pretty cool.
And, um, other than that, I don't think there's really anything going on.
Yep.
No.
Okay.
Okay, since we have such a long-ass fortune cookie message today, thanks to Jamie, I'm going to go around and collect everyone's final thought.
It's that time.
It's that time of the show, you guys.
End of show.
So I guess since Irene's got the mic, we'll start with her.
No?
We're going to start with Garrett?
Garrett doesn't have a final thought.
No final thought.
Nellie have a final thought?
The show fucking sucks, says Nellie.
Thank you.
We agree.
Irene.
Brad, final thought.
Go to RagnarConline.com and download the game.
Thank you.
That is all.
Play on Loki.
That's where I am.
Play on Chaos.
Play on Loki.
Play on Chaos Loki.
Yeah.
How about we all just get a life?
I don't think Loki would appreciate you all playing on him.
Final thought, Irene.
Garrett's great.
He did my hair and it looks so awesome.
Yeah.
Okay, bye.
Final thought, Pixie Dust.
I just want to meet a cute boy.
I'm right here.
I said a cute boy, not a Buddha boy.
I am so offended.
Get out of my house.
Nigga, please.
She is part black.
She can say that word.
That's why I can say fag, because I'm gay.
Okay, Angel.
Angel, final thought.
I'm just glad I got to spend the weekend with my best friends ever.
Aw.
Everybody, aw, DDR Angel.
Aw.
Okay, I'm loved now.
Magus, final thought.
Well, ha ha, I'm still better than the Clippers, bitch.
Anyway.
Marin, final thought.
Aw, she doesn't have a final thought.
Thank you for coming, Marin.
Everybody give Marin a hand.
Yay.
So many new faces on tonight's show.
It's nice.
They can't see any of them.
Yeah, you can't see any of them because we were too lazy to set the webcam.
You want me to go to Loki for final thought here?
Okay.
Richie, I love you.
Loki, final thought.
I hate you, PayPal.
Let me just make this clear.
A cute single boy.
Yeah, single, straight, not gay, because I have a lot of gay male friends.
No, as in, not, I don't know, just not seeing anybody.
I want the age range of 21 to 27.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Yeah, exactly.
I'll let Jamie have the final, final thought.
My final thought is me and EvilNaoki2DX, our Japanese schoolgirl love, love, sugar routine is going to be the best thing ever.
Jamie, your turn.
My turn?
Okay.
Okay.
I turned.
No, but none of them saw that.
That was bad radio.
My final thought is... I just thought it.
Bye.
Okay.
I thought my thoughts.
And tonight... I'm tired.
The last word of tonight's show goes to... You've had it before.
I'm going to... Maren, because she didn't say it in front of us.
Last word.
Burnin' Nation.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
We expect you a nice play again.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Inform the commander that Lord Vader's shuttle has arrived.
Lord Vader, this is an unexpected pleasure.
We're honored by your presence.
Yo, G, I be here to see why your homies ain't working their boogies off.
I assure you, Lord Vader, my men are working as fast as they can.
We be seeing if they get this ride going with six-foot-seven of blacks staring down on them.
I tell you, this station will be operational as planned.
Well, the man don't think so, and he be cruising down here to check out this ride.
He gonna put a cap in your white ass.
We should double our efforts.
Damn straight.
And remember, this be CNN.
Thanks for listening and we'll see you next week.
Thanks for watching!
and Fade to Black.
The afterbirth of Orange Lounge Radio.
Not the stillbirth, the afterbirth of Orange Lounge Radio.
Anybody have anything extra they wanted to add that they didn't get out during the three hours?
Something that they don't want in the archives?
Wow.
You're really white, you know that?
I want to play that song at the very end.
I didn't know Brad was married.
Does he have a wife?
Are they in Utah?
Well...
I'd just like to add an extra plug for our Bomani Music and More program, which is always on when we're not here, because we love people that listen to Orange Lounge Radio all the time.
I'd like to add an extra plug to your ass, Ron.
How do you know it's not already plugged?
There's too many plugs in there.
Add an extra plug.
Oh, an extra plug, I'm sorry.
You know, you remember that sex scene in the Matrix with all the plugs?
Did you see the sex scene in the Matrix Reloaded?
No.
How they had all the plugs in them?
I was like, I wonder if they got one in their butt.
I think this has been an enlightening experience, and I know this, that I'm surrounded by dirty mofos.
You fit right in.
I'm a dirty mofo too, so I fit just right in.
Beautiful.
Hey, Rob.
Yes?
Do I have a phone sex operator voice?
Kinda, why?
A lot of guys tell me that for some odd reason when I'm on the phone.
Why don't you give us your best phone sex operator voice right now.
Here, let's pretend I'm calling a 900 line, okay?
Here we go.
This is me and Pixie S. This is me calling a straight 900 number line, okay?
Ready?
Ring, ring, ring, ring, ring.
Hello.
Hi?
Hi?
What's your name, little boy?
My name is Brad.
Well, hello, Brad.
What are you wearing right now?
I'm wearing a red shirt and khakis.
Why are you wearing so much clothing?
Take it off.
Okay.
Why should I take it off?
Because you're a naughty, naughty boy.
And you know you want some Miracle Whip.
What are you going to do to me, Miss Phone Lady?
My name is Dambi, and I want to ravage your cunt.
I don't have a cunt.
Well, pretend you do.
You all can ravage your cunts all later.
I can't take it anymore.
Okay.
I hope that was good enough for you, baby, as good it was for me.
I came.
That was so great.
Oh, thank you.
I imagine these phone sex operators are probably sitting back there, you know, knitting or doing their laundry or playing with their Game Boy while they're...
I came to the final boss.
That was beautiful.
I'm still queuing up the post-show music, so does anybody else want to add something?
There's something for, like, somebody coming.
Oh, yes!
Oh, yes!
Oh, yes!
I beat Legend of Max!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
No, it's the DDR machine.
Oh, God!
Oh, God!
It does that.
On the third mixes, if you triple-A it, it'll go, oh, God!
Oh, God!
Like that.
You guys are horrible.
Bag it.
Okay, we're going to go now.
Good night, everybody.
Loki would like to play a quick remix for you that he really likes, and then we're going to have a mini 2DX marathon, so you guys should enjoy that, shouldn't you?
And that'll be it.
So, Loki, introduce this mix.
This is Max Wishful.
It's a remix of Max 300 and...
