Message for you, son!
Attention!
Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio,
the Monty Talk, and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex in this episode.
Hey, are there any balls down there?
About the biggest berry you've ever seen, Dingleberry.
What's your favorite security movie?
Showgirls. Absolutely frightening.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself. That's my job.
Now's the time on sprockets and we dance!
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog too!
I know kung fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No!
What I expect for a Spanish explosion is cancer.
Hey!
Dark Sakura.
Shut up!
Where's my gun?
This is my boomstick.
Sky.
Come on girls, it's time to drop the bomb.
I can't, for the life of me, get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of warped human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio
We are live, and this is episode number 43 for May the 4th of 2003.
You're tuned into the Beeee Monnie scenes, most on the move radio station of all things Beeee Monnie.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
me as always are my awesome co-hosts. In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Miss
Jamie Summers. You know her better as Dark Sakura?
I have the corner of the couch. Can I register?
Yes, we can hear you just fine. Good.
In that corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
This corner is so long, I can broadcast from inside my room. It's just crazy.
You can go in the bathroom. I can go all the way into your closet, man. Seriously.
Come out of the closet, Loki. Come out of the closet, please.
I am broadcasting from inside the room.
Eric, give me.
Eric, give.
Forty feet away.
We'll be talking, we have a brand new set up for Orange Lounge Radio tonight.
We'll be talking all about that after this break because I have to go and give Jamie
her ferret or she's going to throw a fit.
There are no guests in studio yet, but we're hoping that some folks are going to show up.
There's a pot pie in the oven.
It's kind of a new night for Orange Lounge.
We're not quite yet to season three, but changes are slowly happening.
So it'll be interesting for sure.
be back after some of our favorite 2DX music. Enjoy!
Oh
Yeah, I'll fade away
Last one was today, the day that you came
That you came into my heart, you looked in my eyes
And after you died, we'll share a feast with you
And now since that day, it won't go away
I'll wake up and think of you
I need you to know I want you to stay
Baby, please, for always
Don't you know that I need you, baby, please?
Don't you know that I'm begging for your love?
I just wanna tell you, tell you that I love you
Oh, I just can't help it, I just wanna feel it
Baby, can you hear me, hear me when I'm saying
Baby, please, what's going on?
Baby, for a moment, baby, for forever
I just wanna know you, I just wanna know you Tell me that you love me, baby, baby
Ooh, yeah
I'll say
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Extreme Bonnie Radio, that's us Orange Lounge Radio.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
And as promised, we're coming to you from our brand new
studio, which is interesting.
I'm hoping by next week we can have the return of the Orange
Lounge webcam just so you guys can see what we're dealing
with here, but.
Get a nice one and mount it on the ceiling and have it span
across the room.
That would be pretty cool.
Actually, I'm thinking we might be able to mount a webcam
somewhere like up in there where you could see the whole
living room in the back corner.
We don't have...
Right in the corner.
I didn't see your pink carpet.
It's rose, dammit.
Pink.
For those that don't really follow what's going on in our personal lives, which thank
you for not stalking us, I moved out of my house.
My older roommate was buying the house and was raising the rent and I'm too po.
So I went to get a new place and Loki wanted a roommate, wanted to move out of where he
was at too.
We decided to get an apartment together, and now we are in Folsom, California, which is
one of the many suburbs of Sacramento.
We're in the snooty town.
We're in the snooty suburb.
Wait until we get to my fuck you of the week.
Can't wait.
So now we're in Folsom, and this is interesting, because Loki and I live together, now it's
not like we really have to be considerate of anyone else during the show, because Loki
and I, being two-thirds of the staff, this show pretty much runs the apartment.
Well, I mean, yeah, we have to be considerate of the neighbors upstairs and the neighbors
next door.
As we found out the other day.
I was just stretching.
That was only because we were allowed after 10 p.m.
Before 10 p.m. is fair game and if they ever complain about us being too loud before 10
p.m.
They can kiss my black ass.
Seriously.
What?
After it gets kicked till it's that color?
Now what's interesting about this new setup is I'm not even looking at the chat room right
now.
Our microphone cords are so long that we can just walk to and from the living room and
And so we don't really have anyone monitoring the chat room yet, but I'm hoping that once
Intern Zero gets here, maybe he can help us out by monitoring the chat room.
Maybe he can tell I'm eating dry ramen.
What an appropriate shirt, Rob.
Thank you.
I'm wearing my Dr. Frank-N-Furter shirt today.
It's lovely.
What were you saying, Loki?
I said, and if anyone can tell I'm eating dry ramen.
You're eating dry ramen?
That's got to be nasty.
I love this stuff.
Let me try it.
I want to try something.
I'm kind of curious.
You have to put the chicken seasoning on, because that's awesome.
It's really salty and tastes damn good.
I don't want salty, I just want to try some.
Ew!
It's weird.
You are a strange kid, Loki.
Oh, not bad.
So we did get a special guest joining us during that break.
Say hello, special guest.
Hello, special guest.
Smartass.
How you doing, Bradley?
I'm doing OK today.
A big thank you, by the way, for helping Loki and I
move into this place.
No problem.
What was the nastiest thing you had to move?
For one of us?
I don't know.
Maybe some old boxes.
Old boxes.
Evil Pikachu.
Yeah, my Pikachu. That was the scariest thing.
Bradley had to move.
What's interesting now is that we have a kitchen.
Because the way our apartment is,
the kitchen is literally right next to
the workstations and our living room.
living room, I can't wait till we get the webcams so we can show all you guys this,
but you might hear Jamie kind of running back and forth to the kitchen, hurry up and cook,
pop by, and things like that, so.
And I can watch Simpsons while doing the show. The best, best ever.
But you'd be too easily distracted, Mr. Loki.
So?
Oh, yeah. That'll ruin any show.
But what is interesting is that now we're sitting here in the living room, we can fire
up the Playstation and play whatever games are new. For instance, if we wanted to, we
could fire up Max 2.
Yeah, if I didn't already outplay it.
If you didn't already outplay it. Jamie, have you seen Max 2 yet?
Who cares?
Who cares?
Yeah, I have it too, so I've played it. I'll do it.
Do you have your mic over there, Jamie? Jamie doesn't care she doesn't have her mic.
Okay.
Yes, I bought Max 2 also, so.
What did you think of Max 2?
That's pretty good. There's lots of songs, and...
I need to get Kingdom Hearts Final Mix before I get Max 2.
No, I didn't.
All you do, you go into Create Your Own Oni course, right?
Yeah.
And you set all your songs to roulette.
And then the steps, because you can set the level of steps you'll get to roulette.
Oh, yeah.
Basic, uh, middle, er, basic trick maniac, light, standard, heavy.
Yeah, yeah.
Whatever it is.
And challenge, yeah.
I hate how they change names.
They will forever be trick and maniac to me, dammit.
You set them all to challenge, and then that way you'll only get the challenge songs.
And then you-
But yeah, they're forever gonna be, you know, SSR and-
Whatever.
You can put all your songs on 1.5 speed solo light challenge mode and you'll have all your challenge songs in like under an hour.
So it's easy.
Oh yeah.
That was the only way.
I did the hard way.
You did the hard way. Did you get them all?
Yeah.
Dang.
They're the hardest ones to get in the afternoon.
Drop out, right?
I thought it was easy because...
What's your haka? I mean, you just want to go too.
Oh, because it's the first stage.
Yeah.
And, also, you can get, I got, you can get some of them if you're using the random course.
Oh, okay. Well, that's kind of the same idea.
Random course is evil.
Random course is evil.
My favorite course.
Play all of them.
It's an interesting feature to add to DDR, though, where you can, it, basically the random only course now selects any song at random, any difficulty.
Well, pretty much only Trick and, Trick and Maniac are the only ones that can.
I don't know, what did you get that one too? You got, uh, what was it?
Burning Heat Heavy 8-Speed Boost.
I got Burning Heat Heavy 8-Speed Boost. I was so pissed.
I got more like 5-speed than... I mean, I put 5-speed at 30.
And then, of course, we have beaten the course, or I should say Brad did, because Brad was over here,
and he played the course, and he was getting four... wait, how many songs do you have to play?
Five or six? I forget.
I think six.
Four of them were standard songs and the hardest modifier he got was Sudden on one of the standard
songs.
He got a Sudden on one of the standard songs.
And the rest was like, ooh, I might have to play two-speed or something, it was sick.
He makes me mad.
It's funny, like, I had five pretty regular ones, and then the last one was the AM3P Rubix.
It was, like, 3x hidden, worse, less flat.
It worked really well.
How are you doing, Bradley?
I'll fix it.
Can you hear me?
Yeah, we can hear everybody, so.
Hello, anyone out there?
That was weird.
All right, whatever.
Anyway, where were we?
Oh, we were talking about Max 2 for Japanese system.
I think, I actually, what I like most about Max 2 is like, I like those Oni course songs.
Like, they're, it's kind of neat to be able to play them at home whenever you want, because
I was playing a lot of those on Extreme.
and now I can play them at home. But what sucks is that they didn't add any new steps to them.
It's just the challenge steps.
Those are lazy as fuck. Did you notice the new songs that are all challenge steps, too?
I bet they're just going to stay like that.
And you know what's even worse is because
B4U before is a beat mix, and Hysteria 2001 have steps already done.
That's how lazy they are. They didn't even put them in there because they're already done.
For Euromix, right?
For Euromix, too. And it's just like...
notice all their versions that they get, they get more licensed songs. They've gotten licensed
songs from the get-go. We've gotten fucked every single time. Except for Max USA and
they're like, oh, here you go, licensed songs. Well, gee, it's about time. You're only like,
you know, two mixes behind. What's going to be interesting, though, is the news, and that'll
be a big show when we hear when B3's over, what comes out of that. Yes, that is a microphone,
You like that one, don't you?
It's a condenser mic.
I just need a mic stand.
That's going to be the one that's going to record background noise.
Oh, goody.
Hmm.
Jamie's getting all angsty over her pot pie.
Loki, what are you doing?
I'm seeing this on TV.
You're going to turn on the TV during the show?
Hell yeah.
You need to get a VCR so we don't get so easily distracted
You're watching the weakest link
Did you guys forget we do a radio show Sunday nights
I'm just I'm turning the channel. I want to go back to why are we watching the game show network?
I was watching the game show network. I was watching $100,000 pyramid that shows. Oh my god
I saw the coolest game what who wants to beat up a millionaire?
What is that like on dreamcast? I've said that's hella old. That was like a old old dream. Yeah, but I didn't pay attention to the crap games
Did you buy it? No Ross is playing it
How does it work? You get your question right you get to beat up the millionaire for money
Loki's trying to figure out how to use digital cable right now. We're stuck on the weakest link, right?
No, we're getting TiVo when I'm not ghetto poor anymore, Jamie
I know how to do this.
Shut up.
Well, so this is an interesting perspective here.
How so?
I'm in front of the computer this time.
I think this is the A team.
Whoa, the A team is cool.
No, it's thunderball.
Uncut.
Oh.
Can you turn it down so we're not muted until your show's on or whatever?
I don't want to watch this anyways.
I thought that most extreme elimination challenge is gonna be on fuck this
Do you want to put in max to we can play a little max to on air
Show off our new our see that's really gonna do good for the listeners because they can just hear the music in here
Oh, you're doing shitty
Whoa another triple well you try practicing in a closet. I just kick-ass another triple-a again. Oh my god
I'm gonna do this blindfold. Oh, look, another AAA. Come on.
What the fuck is this? Ghost in a Shell movie CD?
Ooh, that's Ultra Ghetto.
Remember, like, before CDs when they used to sell, like, movie CDs at CompUSA where you could, like, it was on, like, two CDs and it was just basically one giant AVI file or something?
You mean it's a VCD?
Huh? It's pretty much a VCD, yeah, but you watch it on your PC. It's like Ultra Ghetto.
Ghetto crap. It says that's not even a good movie.
But you could buy like seven.
Yeah, I know. Dang, Loki. Enough movies? Unpacked?
Hey, there's Final Fuck X.
I burned that for you.
All the porn's behind me? Should we look through some of Loki's interesting porn?
Hey, let's watch porn!
Let's go back to the Orange Lounge Radio roots and watch some porn.
Dude, it's comedy.
This is great. I'm loving this new facility.
Now we don't just have to talk about porn, we can watch porn.
Jekyll and Hyde.
Let's take a chat room.
can you monitor the chat room, Jamie, and see which one of these they want to watch?
Okay, I'm just going to go by based on biggest response.
Hand me that big stack.
Okay, let me...
Lucky, hand me your big stack.
Stack Overflow.
We have The Watcher 3.
Oh, it's Mirage's first anal.
Let's see, we have DNA Hunter Volume 1, totally uncensored.
This is animated, but it's voiced by adult stars.
Now chat room, since there's a little lag, you're going to have to type the name of the
porno that you want to see.
Really loud, so Jamie sees.
This one's lame?
Oh, it's Jenna Jameson and Cruz and Jennaville.
It kind of looks lame.
It's one of those stupid softcore, like, I'm getting naked and touching myself things.
Really retarded.
You don't have any gay porn, huh?
I used to.
Hey, I had that one you gave me in my trunk.
Oh, that's right.
There's a gay porn out, yeah, in the trunk.
Okay, so we have a random gay porn we can watch, too.
Let's see, what's this? Karen, totally uncensored.
By the way, you think this show's gone to the toilet? Well, we don't care what you think.
Jekyll and Hyde with multiple angles.
Ooh!
Multiple angles.
Let's see. Real wild girls out of control.
Gravitation is not porn.
That's the ultra ghetto version of girls gone wild. It's just horrible.
That's actually pretty good.
I don't think there's anything in there, is there?
It's a playboy disc.
No, there isn't anything in there, huh?
La, la, la, la, la, la.
Instead of Sailor Moon, it's Sailor and the Seven Balls.
Awful, awful, awful animation.
I'm curious.
That's the worst animation I've ever seen.
Let me see that.
Let me borrow that, because I want to see how bad it is.
Sex and the Stranger.
Also, some of them have 2D videos.
Nevermind, this looks really stupid.
Couples.
This looks more than stupid.
Oh, Treasure Hunt.
This looks like it was done in Flash.
That was done in Flash.
It's an erotic paradise and ten million dollars.
Only one catch, you gotta live to collect.
So it's like porn, and they beat each other up.
No one wants to see that.
No one wants to see this either.
It's softball crap.
I just kinda put them all.
Okay.
The rest is, oh, no, it's softball too.
Okay.
The rest is good.
Alright.
a heat for all seasons
uh... nubian nurse orgy
nubian
oh i think that wins
okay so we have a nubian nurse orgy in the lead
hurry up cause i'm bored
uh... interactive mindteaser that sounds stupid
ooh and then seven deadly sins
okay we're gonna watch nubian nurse orgy i don't care with the chatroom face
well then they lose
uh... but we don't have a dvd player hooked up do we
okay we'll have to
get that okay that'll be something we can look forward to after the break then
is uh... nubian nurse orgy
actually we have a we have a stand-alone dvd player somewhere at least i have one
the other day
did you find it
good we have a dvd player
so we have that
We have that to look for. Yes, the carpeting in here is pink, isn't it lovely?
So, Jamie, you bought yourself a book the other day.
Yes, I did.
What did you buy?
Battle Royale.
It's about time. How is it?
I bought it two days ago.
And this is just reading it in the bathroom.
So you're about a quarter of the way about?
How many kids are still alive?
Hold on.
Yeah, the chapters end with a body count.
30 students remain.
So, a quarter of them are down, basically.
Nice.
She got to have the cookies.
Is there anything else going on in the Bimani world?
Loki, what's new in Simland?
Is there anything new in Simland?
Why don't we hook up the DVD player first?
Jeez, Rob.
Jeez.
Crack that whip!
Sorry, I forgot for a minute that we're not a Bimani show.
I have something new in the Bimani world.
What?
I haven't played any Bimani this week.
Congratulations.
No, I played 2DX.
Did you?
You saw me beat Last Message twice in a row.
I have the stars now.
Did you beat another one, too?
No.
You beat Please Don't Go.
I beat Please Don't Go.
That was my first one.
My second one was Monkey Dance.
Oh, okay.
And I've beaten Nine O' Clocks, but it was on Easy, and I border-bonused, so it doesn't
count.
Doesn't count.
So, I've sort of...
I haven't...
You know, it's weird.
It's hard to get back into the swing of things right now, because I honestly feel like we
haven't done a show in a month.
And then to come back and do a show here, like at a brand new place, it's weird.
It doesn't even...
It doesn't feel...
Yeah, it doesn't feel serious right now.
it's going to take us until our season three premiere until we feel serious. Yes, that's
right, we know. I remember that. You know, I remember I used to have those little like
Sesame Street books and I would get the little records and you could play on the record player
and it would go, and now turn the page, bling, and it made a little chime and you could turn
the page.
Yes.
I had Garfield ones, those were cool.
We might want to pull the blinds because that's the last thing we need are more complaints.
Porn is funny.
Porn is comedy.
Wait, are we going to take a break and then do porn?
The mics are on.
audio going out.
Yeah, we freaking have them on.
They keep cutting out or something?
Bring up the studio broadcaster and then when you just keep an eye on that and make sure
we don't drop.
I think this one is unconnected at the bottom.
It's unconnecting.
Yeah. Oh. That's what? I'll explain why our volume keeps jumping. Okay, just one sec.
No one talk. Dead air. Sorry about that. Hello. Okay, we're good. That's...
Oh, maybe not? Boy, this is the greatest episode of Orange Lounge Radio ever. Okay, well I
I still see that, um, we're getting, uh, I have to check on your pot pie? Fine. Your
pot pie has... Maybe we should go to music. Fifteen minutes for your pot pie. Yeah, let's
Let's go to music right now. Now's a good time to break.
Okay, what? What do you want me to say?
Hi.
Hello, hello. You gotta go to C, C colon
and then orange lounge.
B3? Oh yeah, B3's coming up. That'll be fun. That's in two weeks. Okay, we have this weekend
is episode 43. Next weekend's episode 44. Then we have the week after that, the 17th
and the 18th, we have B3, which is this huge tournament that's happening at the Riptide
Arcade in San Francisco, which I went to for the first time this week, by the way. It's
pretty nifty. If I remember right, a lot of the flooring is wood, so it feels like you're
you're playing video games on a pier
so it's interesting
well because you are, because you're on the pier and playing an arcade but
yeah about four songs
uh... so we have B3, we're going to be broadcasting live from B3 all day long
saturday and sunday
and uh... if you think this is interesting radio, wait till you hear that
hopefully you guys are listening during our March Madness broadcast or if you remember
way back to the Shaft broadcast. We'll talk more about B3 and all that after the break
can we get some more mics hooked up. So we'll be back.
You gon' say say, cut the drugs, ha!
You
Party time!
All the time
PARDON CHOP!
I felt the urge to do that brand dance.
The brand dance?
Yeah.
During night motion?
Yeah.
Cool.
Many people probably don't get that.
Can you tell the story then?
I wasn't there, I don't know.
Oh.
I remember, though, at AX 2001, I think it was, there was a tournament.
See, I wasn't there for the tournament either.
I just decided not to do it.
But everyone for Freestyle, for the post qualifiers, got up there and did Night in Motion.
Everybody did.
Got up there and did Night in Motion.
Anyway, my pot pie is taunting me.
Rob's tweaking with a thingy.
He's pinching it.
Trying to make one of the mics a little louder.
He's trying to make it get decided.
I don't need to be loud!
Rob needs to have his volume checked.
Yeah, you need to turn mine down.
I have a voice that carries.
So, hey, Loki reminded me during the break of a Bomani topic.
You remember how DDR is coming out for the Xbox?
You mean that bullshit?
Yeah, well, they have the first screenshot out now, and it looks like Drop the Bomb is
gonna be in it.
I still think that's bullshit.
How's it bullshit?
I still think that it's a big bullshit hoax.
You think DDR on X- What are you doing, Loki?
I was getting on my internet.
Oh. I forgot that the, a sound from mine's, um, sorry.
Because you're using NAS 0. Well that's, you know why?
Because a certain somebody who's on the internet looking up address directions had their
cable hooked up to that one and not mine so I couldn't hook it up because we don't know how to use the router and suck.
Okay, I can set up your router. Well not now because we're doing a show.
You think DDR on Xbox is still a big hoax?
There was an official press release on it, okay?
I didn't say it was a hoax, I said it's crap.
Oh, it's crap.
That I concur.
And I'm probably going to have it.
Because we get all this stuff that they put out for Xbox because they sent it to us for free.
That's cool.
Well, I'm not buying an Xbox 4. They think that I'm doing that.
The only way I'd ever buy an Xbox is if they came out with Mario Kart for the Xbox.
But since that'll never ever happen, I don't need an Xbox.
However, Mario Kart Double Dash? Oh yeah.
But they don't have Mario Kart on the PS2, and you have one of those.
Yeah, but that's because I needed Final Fantasy VIII.
Final Fantasy VIII was PS1, not PS2.
Okay, that's because I needed Final Fantasy X.
PC-10.
What did I buy on PS2-4?
I bought...
Armored Core 2 was my first game, I think.
I just wanted one because it was cool.
Because all the cool kids on the block had a PS2.
I bought a PS1 beforehand when Final Fantasy VII came out.
That was the reason why I bought that one.
Oh, so worth it, too.
I haven't heard the buzzer go off.
What else is new in Bomani World right now, and there's other stuff going on.
There's still 2DX Night Style news that slowly trickles in.
It looks like all the songs that are coming back into 2DX are up.
I remember you posted something in your LiveJournal about it, right Bradley?
Was that you?
Yeah.
Oh, you want to talk about this here?
Well, I saw a link on DDR Break and I posted that.
They say they had some new, had a longer list
of returning songs and which included some
of the new ones are Jivin' to the Night, let's see what else,
Empathy, North also, what else, Cleone, yeah, okay, and there's
like one or two others that were new
that they hadn't renounced before about returning
and there was both pictures of that and actually look at those. So, it's really nice.
I have, what was it, sim file or sim worldwide. All right, give us sim updates. Well, biggest
update ever is going to be TurniMix 4 has been announced and that's, well, I would get
on the internet and check what the date was. I think it was on the June 19th or something
like that. My memory serves me right. So, that's coming up. They pretty much outlawed
any DDR songs. It's pretty much only pop music and guitar freaks, I think, are fair
game, if I remember correctly, and then anything else you want to do. Just know, I think they
were sick of people doing stupid remixes of Max 300 and...
Amen. Thank you, whoever made that decision.
Yeah, because stupid people out there think that they can remix...
Wait a minute, though. That means you can't enter Legend of Trance, huh? Because that's
decent.
No, I can't.
But you know what? I'll just make something else. Or I'll just get something else to come.
Excuse me, you've got another mix.
Yeah, but there's no BeatMania either.
Damn.
Or remixes.
What's a bunch of bitches?
But wasn't it on, um, it wasn't in the Takoni, was it?
Damn.
Make another one.
I'll make another one. I've got crap I was working on.
I have stuff that I'm working on right now, but it doesn't sound that good, I think.
I don't know see there was I can pull it up right now there was if anyone wants
to hear like a preview of this one I guess I can play it oh you're gonna play
us a preview oh yeah I don't know I might scrap this whole thing because it
just I don't know if I can work with this remix yeah play the preview play
the preview okay here we go this is a I haven't even titled it yet it's just a
a remix of the sound of Goodbye, so here we go.
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
clanging
I'm John
I'm John
I'm John
I'm John
And that's all I have, really, right now.
You know what, though?
Because you're not gonna even be able to use that one, either, because that's a 2DX song.
What else did I have? I had some other shit in here.
Anyways, so that's going on.
Let's see, other than that...
Remix of Jet World.
Yeah, do a transfer music with a Tar Freak song.
I can't because there's not a...
The problem is, is a lot of songs, especially the stuff I've been picking now,
has either full length version stuff for it,
or like, because you need to like, be able to like,
catch the different instruments in there.
the different instruments in there so cuz I don't have like an 8 track of it
where it has everything separated you know so I have to take long long long
versions of it so that I can cut different sections out of it and use it
but I don't know I'm probably in like I said before I'm going to probably cut
that one what's this one oh this one I don't think sounded that good I think I
I scraped this one. This is like...
Yeah, that's awful. Okay.
I don't...
I don't know.
Camelion did techno.
Camelion did techno? I want to hear that.
I don't even think there's anything... No, I didn't even do anything on this.
I just like... It was an idea.
I still might do something.
You need to finish that one. Camelion did techno. I want to hear that.
There was other news that's sort of Bomani-related that came out this week.
What's that?
Nukutomo. Oh, God. All right, play one of those. Here we go.
Who are you?!
Hey, I'm thinking of you
I must afford to wait to walk away
Yes, in my life today
They make my walls the color of blue
Get with, with
For it has
Fire, yeah
The green has
The morning
Yellow, metal
Hello, hello
Give me a smile
I am covered
In scarlet wood with wool
For it won't
Get, get, get, get, get, get, get
I'm alone without you
And I'm bored of what I'm supposed to do
I'm alone, alone without you
Start to start over
This is me, I'm thinking of you Oh, I was arefought to actually walk around
This is me, my eyes today Make my world a color of blue
This is me, I'm thinking of you Oh, I was arefought to actually walk around
This is me, my eyes today Make my world a color of blue
So, that one was released this week as well as Y31. Unfortunately, I do not have the MP3 for Y31 right now.
Oh, darn, bummer. What a shame. We can't hear it.
But, if you're looking for the link, I don't remember exactly what it was off the top of my head, but I know if you go to our forums, which are on calibomani.com
Good plug!
And you can go there and you'll see a thread that's called kind of off topic but, and that's
where I post everything because our Sacra mind boards are still down.
And so that's where I post all these cool links that I find and you'll find the link
in there.
I need to get log in info.
So you'll find the links there and he's releasing more.
I can't remember what else he was working on but those are two that are definitely good.
And then Colors was awesome, so.
Other than that, you know, V-Rare 5 came out and people, you know, listened to that and there's some pretty good stuff on it.
V-Rare 5 kind of sucked compared to the other ones. I mean, it was okay. I was all excited because it was all these trance remixes, but I don't know, Kind Lady just wasn't meant to be trance remix.
I like that one.
I don't. I don't.
But Midnight Blaze was pretty good.
I'm waiting for the safari trance edition.
J.P.
Uh, and Feelings Won't Fade was kind of just Look to the Sky again.
Feelings Won't Fade, I Swear to God is another song.
I've heard that synth chorus before or whatever.
I've heard that melody before and I know it's another song.
I know the dumb idiot ripped someone off, but I just have to find that original.
Um, then I Feel was lame.
What the hell was that? It was like, it was like Tori Amos doing I Feel.
I feel it, I feel it, I feel it, I feel it
Why do we crucify ourselves, and we hate it?
I feel you, I feel you in me
Like any all of a sudden
Those people out there they're recording the bathroom and make another oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh I feel
The one the one I was okay now out of have to make a gift
You know out of everything that it was unlocked in max 2 I'd have to say the best one haven't been like that
do it right the 80s electro mix I love 80s music and that was awesome now and
kindly the interlude was alright too look just guy transmits was alright as
well but I don't know I'm just pissed that do it right has like so many remixes
done to it so far and dead end has none you know what's cool about look to the
sky transmits the background that's it the background is pretty cool I like it
okay because it's actually it's a different song if you listen to the full
version
you can tell it's a different song
now the one i was really pissed off on
what the fuck was that? I think somebody got shot upstairs
anyways uh...
you know what what uh...
i was
pissed that they put on there because of course b for you has to you know
eke its way in every single freaking game soundtrack you name it it's on there
uh...
and they did
a cover of
one films one of uh... nyoki saw the course paper euroby
bad enough as it was in the mid-japanese
actually well you know what i would play for you but i don't be a victory because
i have it
uh... i'll let me bring up
well i'll tell you what
it's kinda long for a break song but i'll uh... bring up we play clip from it
i can play a lecture of the uh... eighties lecture of uh... do right now
it's still dead right at the leader of it
We'll play all the DDR edits during the next break, but here, I'll play Glacial cause Jamie, Jamie wants to hear it, so let's, we'll play a little bit of it, okay?
No, the oven should be off, Bradley, thank you.
We'll slap Jamie on the wrist.
Okay, here's a little bit of glacial, okay?
All right, that's a little clip of it.
What do you think of that, Jamie? Jamie doesn't have a mic back there, does she? Go give her a mic.
I like it. It's not Politary.
Actually, with Politary singing it, though, she's actually in tune.
That's the only reason why I actually like Hyper-Eurobeat.
And it's got fun steps. Easy, but...
It makes me want to burp or something.
Did you want to watch a little bit of that porno now?
Excuse me.
Turn on the porn.
Well, I set up for a break.
I'm not moving.
Loki, turn on the porn.
He's jumping to turn on the porn.
I'm setting up for a break here.
Play porn.
Ooh, porn.
It's porn-tastic.
Shaperific.
Rescue input.
newbie and nurse orgy
starring
too many people carried it
real deal i think i saw cinna buns in there
coco flame
kitten
co
we skip to the fucking
Come on, pebbles.
Oh, sorry.
I was just thinking of a claw.
How exactly are these folks Nubian nurses?
Cuz they're black and they're dressed up like nurses.
Yeah, there's really no plot to this at all.
It's just like, we're in a hospital and stuff happens and I'm horny now.
What about all the patients that are dying?
That chick that looks like Tyra Banks is having her tits eaten.
Oh yeah, she has like a tan line.
She has a big mole on her ass too.
We need to get some moaning because this is really horrible radio right here.
Let's see.
Let's see if I can skip a chapter here.
Oh, damn, she looks pregnant. I love it. It's like elevator porn. Dude, she's not pregnant.
She's just fucking fat. It's like Tubby. She got back. She doesn't got back. She's got
rolls
hang out one chick is totally
that
it i need to find remote i feel dirty
so we need to find
all right i think we're going to uh... go to a break now
uh... we're gonna go to a break and during this break you can send us your
f use of the week
because we're gonna do those only get back so senator abuse of the week and
send those over private message to me
In the chatroom, my name is Sky.
And if you're not in the chatroom, you can get in there right now. Just go over
to www.calibomani.com
and click on Orange Lounge and then click on Chat. It's just that simple.
And we'll see you on the other side of this break, which will feature
a bunch...
which will feature all three of the brand new, new, new songs in Max 2. We have
Do It Right,
Kind Lady and Look to the Sky, all remixed. Enjoy, we'll be back.
And keep the sleep on the rest
Do your best
Keep your hope and keep your faith
We'll meet tonight, forever, not tonight
Don't let it rest
We'll never fall
Believe it, believe it, believe it
Ain't nobody holding the picture back
Got it wrong
Got to know, believe it, keep your track
As we're off and done
You're looking back now
Is it alright to dream of winning?
You ain't actin' as if it's the end of the game
You're just playin' it safe and you can get it right
You gotta find who's in love
And don't you stay here for all you need
And if you don't know, he's the man for you too
He's just like you, he gets it goin' on and on
So what you wanna do, get into the flow
Well you just got to move and then you know
What you wanna do, so take it easy now
I can show you how
To steal the love inside
And it won't take long until we're on
Could it be the kind of place that I'm thinking After all of this time, could this be true love?
And you keep saying, boy, you don't have to look no more
I'll give the love you need till you holler in the guarantee
I'm a bad boy, I'm a bad lady
You've been hard for me so far, I am the cure
And when you wake up, baby, think it's a dream
Just ask me, boy, you know you can tell for me, believe me
I'm a bad lady, you know what I've found in me
Is a lady, kind of lady, that can give you what you need
Hey, I'm on stage, a kind lady that will never leave you lonely
The end was made in this lady
By the way you start me up, you make me weak
I'm so excited, I'm so excited
I'm so excited, I'm so excited
It's a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
Don't forget to party, talk your children, understand it
Never know how to save you
Love sweet, sweet, sweet
Sliver in death and stay
I'm so free to love you
For you'll never reunite
Look in the sky
Call your name and watch me through
Every night is a night
Maybe if you don't please come back
What are you guys watching now? You changed the porno and put something else in.
That porn was boring, so we're watching Sailor Moon and the Seven Balls.
Dear Lord, can we pause it or turn off the video or something for a minute so we can do the FUs of the week?
So we can kind of get back to the show that we try to do every Sunday night here.
I know you may have forgotten after a week off. Oh, big apologies, by the way, for episode 42.
no shit I'm sure Loki enjoyed it basically what happened with that is if
you're a regular the chat room you did get to see Jamie and myself and Brad was
there too we did episode 42 on Thursday night so episode 42 it does exist it was
done however I foolishly fucked up the archive file so Loki tried to do an
episode 42 part 2 on Sunday night except we only had dial-up in the house at the
It didn't quite work.
What was the highlight of episode 42 for you, Jamie, the one that we did on Thursday?
Going home.
And isn't that always the best part of Orange Lounge Radio?
Is turning it off.
Just kidding. Jesus.
Alright.
We don't even have to go home. We're already here.
Hey, that's gonna begin my fuck you week, by the way.
Okay, the first question of the week goes towards driving all the way at you using that
gas and you live way the hell out of the way. I couldn't have been near my house. It's just,
I mean, no one said zeroes, I'm glad I didn't. Drive for full speed. Oh, man. Actually, no,
I don't know how you do it, but I guess it's enough, okay?
Um, my other fike you of the week goes towards...
Why'd you put my book down there?
Before I would never be able to find it.
Okay, someone put my book on the floor. Fike you, someone put my book on the floor.
Wasn't me. I didn't touch your book.
Mm-hmm.
Didn't you rub?
I didn't do it.
Wasn't me!
Anyway.
Check that book for prints, because I haven't touched it.
Argh!
My cue goes to A1 Comics Distributor for being sold out of the Battle Royale novel and I had a gift certificate to get it for free.
And so I had to go and actually pay for the book in a book store.
And then another cue goes to these old people who were tailgating me.
So I decided to start going five miles an hour.
And then I sped up and decided to take another lane.
I can't really think of anything else because I'm really happy because I'm working now.
Um, fuck you ghost for my sleep schedule for not resetting it.
Because I'm the most popular.
I think that's about it.
Oh, what are you doing?
Um...
So fucking wet. Cry me a goddamn river. Fuck y'all.
Okay, not you.
like everybody else
oh I'm sorry we're not done
I'm sorry I wasn't meeting you and then everyone else
oh yeah I have a fucking leak
but I think that she's going to address that so I won't say anything about it
I was going to say if you can't hear us
there's this little knob on the side of your speakers
It's called volume. Stay with me now.
Volume.
Turn it up.
We aren't talking louder.
Okay, now my first episode of the week is going to be going to stupid drivers, of course.
But these, in particular, stupid drivers that don't know how to use the
turn lane or the pull out lane or the suicide lane, whatever you want to call it,
it's that double yellow lane that's inside
you know, many sections of the road, you know, where you can pull in there, stop,
and then turn out, you know, or turn out the traffic, and that kind of thing.
People think that you're supposed to pace cars when you're in that lane.
No, because you're obviously not going to get out of that lane. I'm not going to be able to get in that lane
because you're going the same speed as I am. You're supposed to pull out, stop, wait for traffic to clear, then go.
It's pretty simple. But no, these dumb fucks out there, they don't understand that you're supposed to stop.
That just... like, stop? How am I possibly gonna get up to speed if they make it in the traffic?
Ugh! Panic!
So, they suck.
Second FP of the week has to go to Net Zero because they suck ass, and I'm glad I won't have to pay for them pretty soon.
But, um, yeah, they are now advertising that you can get, like, the stupid, uh, software-accelerated, uh, dial-up or something for five bucks, much more, when their service sucks so much anyways.
And watch, that's ten extra five bucks.
I hate them, but, you know, I've lived off them for a while.
Um, let's see what else is here. Um, I have to do unpacking, because it sucks. I don't like packing, or unpacking.
A little moving prop that sucks, but I just wish I could get some paint and sleep in the other house, and everything's intact.
But that just doesn't ever happen.
And, um, let's see, what else?
Um, FD2, um, Shoddy, um, Builders of Apartments.
Because this apartment for some reason has everything, like, cheaply made, and, like, the shower curtain kind of falls off the wall.
Let's see here, the drawers fall out of the drawers, the gas on the stove sometimes doesn't turn off, which is kind of dangerous.
Yeah, it's stuff like that, you know, you would just normally not think about.
So yeah, I do that, and um, let's see here, I don't really have that much board, you know, I was more angsty earlier in the week.
Mostly it's stupid people, because stupid people cause all the problems in the world.
the world. H.P.P. people don't look for where they're driving because they always try to
hit me. And just really dumb people out there. That's it. Oh, and um, F.U. to Jose, our um,
our cable um, installation guy. You're fucking dumbass didn't get here at the time. I wasted
a whole fucking day waiting for your ass and you were still two hours late. You can kiss
my ass, you bastard, thinking you're going out of all your way just to fucking set up
a cable box which by looking at it I could have probably done myself you know
and I have to pay you $25 this free to be two hours late you should fucking have
to pay me this as a piece of shit up fucking digital cable another thing is
you need to mark all your fucking channels on stupid Comcast cable a lot
of these channels just say blank and you go there and oh look just TNN I wish they told me that
because then I'd be able to know what I'm watching it's just digital cables
kostjamrh I have a few FUs I'd like to give out this week, which is interesting because I'm not usually this angsty, but I'd like to give a big FU to whoever filed the noise complaint against Loki and I like our third night in the apartment.
If you think that was loud, you haven't heard anything yet.
That really sucked, because we weren't even that loud. We were just playing Max 2, kind of loud, and Loki was playing some of his new remixes at a medium volume.
And somebody didn't like that, apparently. Well, poopy on you. Buy some earmuffs.
My next monkey of the week goes to the big poles that hold up the covered parking, because one of them took off my side mirror while I was backing out yesterday.
Oops. It jumped out of nowhere.
kostjamrh And they fuck you to general lethargy, lethargy, and laziness on my part, and still have it in common.
I haven't found a job yet. I'm lazy as shit.
Let's see...
Fuck you to body parts that hurt sometimes, like back and feet.
So, my feet have been alright this week. I'm a back starter, but it's probably because I sat around in a chair for too long and stuff.
And then, fuck you to peer resets on WinMX.
I can download something from maybe a Japanese person, it times out or appears that you can't ever find that user ever again.
Or I could probably get mine.
Usually.
If I can use that Win 98, I can't use certain Japanese.
That's just, I didn't need to upgrade, so.
Well, not in 1.98.
With WinMX, though.
Because it's Unicode and you can't do that with Win 98.
But I have enough code in there.
That should happen soon.
Well, I'll figure it out someday.
Alright.
And... the fucking people don't share.
I'm like one of those people. You know, I'm downloading stuff and I'm like,
Oh, you're trying to download it too? Cancel, cancel, cancel, cancel, cancel, cancel.
I love doing that.
But um no f you to Catherine's eater Jones because you fucking suck your fat pig and you're pregnant
And you're smoking and then you're bitching about people take pictures of you smoking pregnant
And then you're like suing companies because they have nude photos of you standing on your balcony pregnant
Well first off don't go out in public
Pregnant because we don't want to see you naked begin with and number two you're smoking
with a baby
Well, that's all right. I'm sure you probably just want to make sure they're just as retarded as you are so there you go way to
I don't know if I'll share anything if I don't want people to download for me. I just create a folder with nothing in it for them to download out of.
They can download air!
What you need to do is create a giant text file and name it like matrix reloaded.avi
Haha, fooled you!
I've decided on Ragnarok Online though and I'm going to get 50k skips and we're going to be getting 50k skips.
There's people out there going, you know, 10,000 yeni for cyber effects.
So I'm going to do that, and then after they pay me, I'm going to, my repository will be, okay, you're fucked, I'll leave.
You know what I think I want to do with the file sharing thing?
Because I want to put up files that say Matrix Reloaded, X-Men 2, and all this stuff,
and have them be episodes if you can't do that on television.
Because that show is the shit, and everybody should be watching those and not movies.
I was saying earlier that we should have a channel that plays old school Nickelodeon shows, like Slew Your Shorts and Hey Dude.
They have, I think we have it on digital cable too, it's Nick Gas, Nickelodeon Games and Sports, and it shows like Guts and Wild and Crazy Kids and all these like old school Nickelodeon shows.
Yeah, I think it shows old school Double Dares too. We have to look on the digital cable line and see if we have it.
I know we have it.
That station is cool. Let's get to the chatroom FUs, shall we?
Because they're getting angsty.
Muhimer would like to say fuck trying to find a summer job. Fuck Microsoft Calendar for not working.
And now normally at this time of the year I would say fuck allergies, but the acupuncture therapy I'm doing has relieved all YM pollen allergies.
What sucks is I'm allergic to everything. I'm allergic to dust, molds, and pollen.
And I'm afraid of needles, so I'm screwed.
I suppose that's all, then. Oh, but fuck me for being so untan and white.
You know what, I sympathize with you on that one.
Oh, John Fields makes a good point. If you want to see old episodes of Pete & Pete, you can see those on Noggin.
That's a cool station, too. Noggin has the old episodes of Square One. That's awesome.
Square One was the best show ever, like on PBS. It was MapNet.
ever, like on PBS, it was MathNet, you remember MathNet? Yeah. They showed that in your classroom
game? Square One would be put into the classrooms every day, it was like a national thing. You
subscribe to the Square One channel, and they would play them during the homework of your
classroom. You'd let Square One play them in the classroom. Actually I could do my homework,
It would be awesome.
I've got a question on the boxes today.
Oh, and FU to myself and Loki moving
because now I don't live five minutes away from Justin V.
Sorry.
All right.
John Fields would like to say FU to teachers
that give you six essays to do over one weekend
when it's the end of the semester
and it's time to study for finals.
FU to old guy in wheelchair
who doesn't wait for walk signs to appear to start crossing backwards so slowly in his
wheelchair that I miss my light.
Billy! Kill me! Kill me, Billy! Billy!
There is a guy that does that. He has a cane and he doesn't even give a fuck. He doesn't
even wait for the thing to turn. He's not going to make it in time when the thing turns
to walk, so he just goes. And, you know, to hell with traffic. I love that episode where
people like that grandpa's trying to die and he's like here's what it's like to be old
and like listen to sail away and lock him in a room
dark tetsuya would like to say a big fuck you to the little hacker one of these that
joined in on our tetranet game it's sad too bad you guys probably suck too fucking badly
at tetris that you have to use hacks like that in the first place it's a goddamn shame
I mean Tetranet is old school. I was playing that years ago.
What are they doing?
My piece came with...
Look, I dropped the piece the whole row.
Maybe they turned it into Prontress or something, or I don't know.
They were probably using cheats.
I'm not trying one.
An old-ass program like Tetranet is probably really easily hackable.
So you can just instantly kill other people.
Why don't you even hack Tetress or Pawn?
You've got to be fucking bored to be hacking Tetranet. I'm sorry.
the
uh... twenty-third maggots like to say continued a few days
kentucky for obvious reasons
if you'd been super ghetto broke i can even buy lunch cold chicken is what i
have to bring
glacial but why anyone
but i was a mommy joe
if you to hacker one of these on tetranet lucky bastards can even play
play Tetris. Oh, little bastards can't even play Tetris. Get a fucking clue.
DDR Angel would like to say that my F.U. of the week goes to the county supreme court.
F.U. for being called to jury duty. It's my first one and I don't know what to expect.
Worse yet, I could have been working tomorrow and making more money than a dollar an hour
during your doing jury duty remember no matter what they're guilty oh and guess
what DDR angel has episode 42 so maybe it won't be so lost after all we might
be able to get that later
okay snub dissanoid has a lot of them this week so brace yourselves ladies and
gentlemen first off to my algebra to teacher go suck an elephant shitter to
teach efficiently, follow these simple steps. 1. Pull hairs out of asshole. 2. Teach the
fucking course. I think that because I finished my working class, I reserve the right to read
a fucking book. I don't see anywhere in the fucking handbook that states you get to throw
out students that are done with work and reading books. I'm awfully sorry if your wife won't
give you any, but leave it at home and stop sending me out of your class. I didn't get
to play any Bomani this week. In fact, I didn't get to do anything outside of sitting on my
ass. Fuck you. And also, fuck you to the fucking 200 pound kid that jumped on my fucking spine
in Judo class. If you can't jump over me when I'm lying down, don't fucking try it. It's
your fat impairing your judgement to the point where you can't understand what you can and
can't do. You fucking displaced my spine, you dumb shit face. Why don't you eat your
own shit nuggets, pal? He's a fat kid, you are not in the Matrix, and you do not know
Kung Fu. Finally, a big fat fucking shit eat my shit logs fuck you to Comcast for being
Fucking fucking queefish little shit to change the cable channels.
I want to watch my fucking TV, not wonder what the fucking channels are.
Also fuck my deck drive.
All part of the game.
Fuck my deck drive for not fucking working.
Fucking piece of shit.
I don't know it costed money to be pissed off these days.
Or I didn't know it costed money to be pissed off these days.
Could be worse.
You could have an MPX changer.
That thing's a piece of shit.
Another fucking novel courtesy of Snub Destroyed.
I was going to say, um, there's another F.U. I had.
Uh, tough.
Baby.
Okay.
It's gone.
And Merrin would like to say, a big F.A.C.K.U. man to Hulk Hogan.
Hulk, you need to retire, brother.
P.S. give back my kurtie.
He's gone.
And that, ladies and gentlemen.
The first WWE thing that I see after years, or a year, is, first of all, Roddy Piper needs
to retire too, or needs to get back in the gym, okay, no, there's more, but he brings
out the newly sight unseen, iron contracted person, Mr. America, who comes out to real
American and does all the poses and it's Hulk Hogan in another persona and he
can't be fired this would be retiring because he's fucking old dude they're
gonna like tap him and he's gonna break his arm and I'm the only one that
doesn't watch wrestling well I saw him retire I was like flipping their channels
on this big he retired oh my god he's gone I'm like finally maw he was cool
back in the day but now he's coming back it's like go away just die die I'm sorry
but the coolest wrestler of all time is Andre the Giant because he was in the
Princess Bride and that makes him cooler than anybody else disagree with me I
dare you okay let's do a quick break no let's not let's just get into the cage
match you guys wanna do cage match you wanna do a break come back talk yeah I
Yeah, I need to figure out which song I'm picking.
Okay, so you want to do a breakdown. We'll do a breakdown. We'll do Cage Match a little later.
I am going to play a little song. JB sent me a bunch of MP3s tonight of new SyFam things.
Yeah, what was that one, they want to play Max Resurrection. Dude, that song's old. They could play it on the show. It's a decent remix of Max, but there's better.
Well, since it's been in demand so much, let's just play it. We'll satisfy folks and play it.
Like Max Unity, that's pretty good.
Do I have it? They said they sent it to me, but it's not...
I have it. I have it.
You have it? Alright, you play it.
We can play it.
Alright, I'll start off with...
Let's see, I said I'd play one of these SyFam ones that JB sent me.
Um...
I don't want to play one that's super-duper long.
Sorry about the noise. It's me switching through folders.
Let's play, um...
Go folders.
Go, go.
Well, this one's not too bad. We'll play this...
Well, that one's kind of long. All these are really long that he sent me, because they're all like extended mixes.
I can play stuff during the break.
I promised I'd play one of these. Let's just do this.
It's another Judy Crystal song that's not in any DDR that I've seen yet. It's called Boom Boom Boom.
And we'll play that.
Oh, I'm sorry. This isn't SyFam. This is LED Records.
My bad. Sheesh.
You're the sci-fams whore and all of a sudden now you're the LED whore. How am I supposed to know?
Stop pouring yourself out.
I don't keep tabs on people. Stop pouring yourself out to every record label.
Then maybe I can keep tabs on these things better.
Alright, I'm sorry. Oh, Loki, you want to start with max redirection, or I'll play max redirection, and then we'll play some...
Boom boom boom, playin' rhythm should be do-bop
Boom boom boom, dancing with the fire
Movin' to the rhythm, baby, take me higher
Boom boom boom
A B C B C, when I'm dancing to the beat
I move my body to the beat
D-E-D-C-B-A, come and make me say okay
I need to be D-E-D-C-B-A
You've got to be my man, I wanna shake your hand
We've got to follow you to the top, you see, ah
I've been through all my life, I've been through by your side
We must give it up, come on baby
Boom boom boom, dancing with fire
Boom boom boom, play me with the shimmy doo bop
Boom boom boom, dancing with the fire
Moving to the rhythm, baby, bring it on, yeah
Boom, boom, boom, baby, I'm on fire
Boom, boom, boom, baby, wave your molly high
Boom, boom, boom, blastin' with the fire
Baby, make it to my head
One, two, three, four, five, come on, darling, take me high
I need you, baby, in my life
Five, four, three, two, one
You like a flinching in your hand
I want you, honey, be my friend
You got to be my man
I wanna shake your hand
We got to fall into the dark, you fever
I'll keep you all my life
I'll change you on your side
We must give it a come on, baby
Boom, boom, boom
Dancing with the fire
Boom, boom, boom
Getting you in the shitty blue light
Boom, boom, boom
Dancing with the fire
Moving to the rhythm, baby
Just be my girl
Boom, boom, boom
Let's get back into the heat
Fun, juice, me, soul
Fun, juice, me, soul
Fun, two, three, four.
One, two, three, four.
With your heart, I have it
Boom, boom, boom
Got you with the fire
Baby, take me to my hand
A, B, C, D, E
And when I'm dancing to your beat
I'll move my body to the beat
E, D, C, D, A
Come on, make me feel okay
I need you, baby, give me a shake
Come on, touch me, be my man
I wanna shake your hand
We've got the force to let go, just give up
I've been to all my life
I'm standing by your side
We're not giving up
Come on, baby
Dancing with the fire
Moving to the rhythm, baby, take me higher
Boom, boom, boom
Baking all desire
Boom, boom, boom
Nothing with your mind, honey
Boom, boom, boom
Dancing with the fire
Baby, make me feel the heat
Baby, baby, baby, come on in Baby, baby, baby, come on in
From the Step Squad to Orange Pals, this GTR sucks!
Hi, we're back and I'm eating a popsicle right now.
It's very yummy.
It's strawberry.
If any of you guys want a popsicle, you can have one.
Oh, we have some new guests here in the house.
Say hello.
I know it's warm here, so you have to have the windows.
It's getting hot in here, or in her, sorry, I thought I was supposed to do that.
Let me, like, bend forward here.
Hi, this is Leggings Style, fucking it up with Rice Princess over here.
Haro.
Is it on?
Yeah, it's on.
Okay, good.
Okay.
Yo, yo, yo, biznatches.
You've got soul.
Have you done anything interesting in Bemani this week?
Yes, I downloaded the Sampling Masters CDs. If you guys want to get some pictures of that, please let me know.
I'll take a few pictures. Okay, cool.
And we can even put some of the stuff up on the Orange Lounge, huh?
There's some good stuff in there.
We'll think about it.
I'm gonna kill it. No, I'm just kidding.
Yes, Irene, you have a request.
I just want you to play the original Telephone Operator.
I don't think I have it readily available. I can play the edit. That's about the best I can do for you right now.
Do you?
Yes, yes.
All right, well later, later. We'll get to it later.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We have dead air right now because none of you have a mic.
I'm reading.
Everyone else has been so busy talking about stuff and the fikes were going on long so I was like, I'll read.
There's 29 more students to go.
What do we have here? The novel of Battle Royale. Oh no.
Jamie's Battle Royale infatuation addiction has gone to a new level.
This is a pretty interesting outfit. It's like red and black.
It's a very stylish book.
It's like school colors.
Yeah, there you go.
I think that's just the blood on their black outfits.
Um, so Bradley, what's up?
You've got the other mic.
Uh, I don't know. How much?
I was listening earlier. I was listening to the Orange Lounge before I came here.
I was over at my apartment.
And as soon as you guys said fuck yous, time for Fuck Yous of the Week, I turned it off.
The guy turned it off.
Well, fuck you too.
A late F.U. to Brad for being a bitch.
The book Battle Royale was written in 1999.
Nice.
Okay, so we're going to be doing the cage match pretty soon here.
What do you want to bake a cake for?
Yeah, boy, this is great.
Okay, are we just going to do the cage match then?
Alright, we'll go to the cage match.
Okay, three songs. So, your song off the CD, yes, Jimmy?
Okay.
Yes, we all have new songs.
Well, we're going to reset, because just of everything that happened with Episode 42, and Loki admitting his song a couple weeks ago was crappy, taking it out, huh?
My song was cool and now I can't use it again.
You can use it again later, because that show is technically lost.
Later, maybe.
Later, maybe.
What song was that?
None of Your Business.
Fuck you, buddy.
I'll play it another week.
I'll tell you off air.
If you were a fan of that song, it'll come back another week. No worries.
That's a big surprise for those people who aren't paying attention.
Okay, so we're going to start with Loki.
do the whole little music and everything we have to make this official
doo doo doo doo doo
official?
it has to be
yes, i know it's hot in here i mean
so, here we go
last week in the orangelaunch cage match it got ruined by yours truly
so, we start anew tonight with 3 brand new songs and the way the cage match works
You vote for your favorite, and the winning song will go into rotation on Orange Lounge,
Bomani Music, and more, which plays 24 hours a day, 7 days a week on the station when we're
not here.
So, each of the hosts picks a song to go in, and we start tonight with Loki.
Loki, tell us about your song.
My song I heard on a trance compilation CD a while back, and then of course since I bought
turntables. I bought the vinyl for it, so I have, you know, the actual clean edit for
it. Um, this one is, um, a song you might remember her from the song, Sexual, she sang
a while back, and they were like, oh yeah, I feel sexual. I don't know if you've heard
that song. Anyways, um, this one's called Yes. It's the HQ2 Big Room Club edit, because
because the full version is 9 minutes long, and this one is pretty long as it is. So here we go!
The sun was in the hills, water in the canyon Here, wrought by the sun, I brushed up against
I put my arms around you, yeah And you're down to me
Yeah, yeah
I put my arms around you, yeah
And you were down to me so you could feel my breath
And it's hard to go like that
Let's see, are you okay?
Blue rose in the sky, as we lay together
One second goes by, then becomes forever
Come to you by deciding
And I'm not asking with my eyes to ask again, yes
And then he asked me would I, yes, yes
I put my arms around him, yes
And drew him down to me so he could feel my breath
And his arms were so like a man
And yes, yes, I put my arms around him, yeah
And drew him down to me so he could feel my breath
And if I could go like that
And yes, yes, I'll do it
And drove him down to me so he could feel vibrant
And his heart was so like man
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
okie dokie
alrighty that was amber with yes and was that some kind of remix loki?
it was the hq2 big room club mix
alright let's see what everyone thought of that
bradley
I didn't hear all that much of it, but it sounded okay. I gave it, like, seven, ten, four, five.
And her pick, what we'll do is we'll come back at the end and tell what we thought of all these songs.
We're gonna do, this is Jamie's pick, it's the Terminator 2 Techno Rave Mix.
And we'll be back.
Okay, that was Terminator 2, the trance remix.
And that was Jamie's pick for tonight's Orange Lounge Radio cage match.
Alright, so we're gonna go on to the third song and we'll come around and see what everyone
thought of them when we're done.
Now I always have to pick something crazy, so I certainly did tonight.
This is one of the old-school vinyls that came in Loki's pack of 100 vinyls that he ordered.
And this is Raven Simone, who you might remember as the littlest girl on the Cosby Show.
She did a song, and this song rules, and it's called That's What Little Girls Are Made Of.
So we're getting old-school right here, and this is my cage match pick for tonight.
This is Raven Simone with That's What Little Girls Are Made Of.
I got the hoes and the niggas and the niggas
And the niggas and the niggas and the niggas
And the niggas and the niggas and the niggas
Take a dick while I kick
I stop to see some dicks
Tingling a boom
I talk when you pick
Jizzing
Kick, jam, the little rock
Sing to your tune to the middle rock
Slash, gobble, zoom
Gobble, gobble, got my lyrics
Home for the double hutt
See it all the month
Yeah
Good such the system of all that
Fiddle bee, bubble bee, kick the foxy deck
Who's gonna play
Back with show and tell
We only have a love squad
Call him fairytale
Boom, doo, doo
So I left her room full of love, said baby This is what the little girls are made of
That's what little girls are made of That's what little girls are made of
That's what little girls are made of
Well, we on the way to the R.I.P.E.
And when I saw a brown and I just flipped to the fan I could get laid back on your neck, patty back
Give the dog a bite and now some candy in the back Roll him over, roll him over, bake him in the pan
I just can't be a dickie dummy one just do it And you can take me for sure, I might cut
a trim Criss-totter, you got the floor knotted
You got the bowl, got a stick, somebody had to swing
This is what girls are made of, sugar and spice
And dine for all the slaves
I got more rhymes, because we got show I got more news, because we got more
I support the women outside girls I sock on my back, I pour the jugs in my hands
And my fans will say
Now the rave makes a twist, like the house of pain and junk
Rave and gunna pop from the fat beat
Make it to the rager, I'm so cold
Kinda talk to me from the Jojo to see
Reminisce, think you like cooking with Mary B
Cause I'm not the one, not the one to play
But get your ball in your back cause this song is a hit
Give and see what I see, and see what I bring
And if you like the rager, maybe it's more like a wang
Cause if you like to see me, then honey don't shove
Cause I'm a pile of sugar, and this is what I'm made of
X for little girls I made it X for little girls I made it x2
Oops, I think that one shut off a little early.
I think any of you guys really minded that at all, but that was Raven Simone with that's what little girls are made of I
Did that on accident? I was trying to unmute the mics and I ended up muting them my bad
So anyway, I have to take a phone call great
How wonderful?
Loki go around and get people's thoughts on all three of those songs. Would you?
Okie dokie. Ooh, I got the mic that's long.
Dude, this mic right here, you can broadcast anywhere in the house.
What'd you think of the song?
Uh, first one was... mine.
Yeah.
Um, here.
They all seemed pretty good.
I just didn't hear them all that well.
I remember when the Raven and Simone one came out,
they showed up at the end that was how we feel, I think.
It was like, uh, oh!
Oh, yeah, it's like 10 years ago.
Dude, he's playing tug-of-war with a cow.
Dude, check this out. Check this out, man.
He's playing tug-of-war with a cow.
It's like the greatest show ever.
If you've got TNN at home right now, turn into his most extreme elimination challenge.
I tell you, man, it's the most kick-ass show ever.
They are playing tug-of-war right now with a bunch of different things.
Watch this guy.
Hey, wait, you're not talking about Cagematch.
He's gonna get screwed right now.
Watch this, this is so wrong.
Because the other guy had a...
So they don't tell them what they're going to pull against?
They run down the line of ropes there, and they have to pick a random rope, and each rope's attached to something different.
And this one, the last one, the little girl, the girl gets a tug of war against some idol.
So, what did we think of those three songs?
Yes, it was cool because I picked it. Nah, it was alright. It sounded better on the CD because it probably was shorter on the CD. The Terminator 2 one sucked. At first I thought it was going to be, there was another song called Turn Up The Blaster or something like that. It's some scooter song that sounds like the Terminator 2 thing. I thought that was what it was going to be at first. But, nah, it was alright. And then, that's what little girls are made of.
um... one of the hundreds of
records i have to listen to because i don't recognize any of these names
but um...
you know the right
it's kind of repetitive which is kind of knowing
what anybody else have a comment they want to give on one of those songs
that was a good cigarette out there
sorry i wasn't in here here it's so
massively else
first was okay i couldn't really hear it uh...
was okay
The second one, I don't know how, I guess I didn't hear how it sounded anything like Terminator, but whatever, um, it was okay too.
The third one was, like, really silly.
That you picked it, Rob. Yeah.
Of course.
But it was okay.
I'll say what I thought. The Amber song, I've heard better from Amber. That one was a little too weird. It was too diva-ish for me.
I've got some more, too. See, that wasn't the one I wanted. No, no, that was enough.
That wasn't the one I won the pick this week. It was actually the one I won the pick was, I don't remember the title, but I have another one called The Need To Be Naked.
Ah, I think I've heard that song before.
And the second song was okay. It was alright.
And then the third song was awesome, of course, because it was old school.
So, you can send in those votes now to me, I'm Skye, I'm in the chat room, and once we
have a winner, we'll let you know, and that song will go into rotation on Orange Lounge
Radio.
We're going to go to break, because there's a lot of chaos going around in the studio
right now, so we need to take a quick break, and hope you bear with us, and we will be
back very soon.
oh do it all night do it with me i'll take you to heaven if you make me feel free babe
Do it tonight, do it all right
Just take me and shake me till I burn up inside
You may have got sex with Sam and Fred and Fritz and Max
You may be the slave of Tim and Tom and Ed and Dave
You may do it again with hands and friends and check and care
But you're gonna feel so free when you do it with me
Do it all night, do it with me
I'll take you to heaven if you make me feel free
Baby, do it tonight, do it all right
Just take me and shake me till I burn up inside
Oh, do it all night, do it with me
As hard as a fire and as strong as a tree
Do it tonight, do it all right
You got it, I knew it, you can do it tonight
Your song is a fire, a straw is a tree
Come on, do it with me.
A
B
A
G
A
D
A
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
I remember this because this was last night. Last night I watched The Price is Right. They had this million dollar special where they were giving out prizes that were just like thousands and thousands of dollars. One of the prizes that they had...no. Well, it was close. It was Pump It Up.
Whoa! Holy crap!
They had a Pump It Up machine that they were giving away as a prize and the lady didn't win it because she's a dumbass.
Fuckers!
I would yeah, she wouldn't appreciate it
Yeah, but seriously the prize is okay the prizes you normally like a normal showcase would be like twenty thirty thousand maybe
Every now and then this was like the one showcase was a hundred one thousand dollars
Wow, I would have been on there and fucking the guy like one like he won a trip to England
He want a new car and a boat and then there was like
Like, some other thing that he won that was like...
They should have had a 2DX machine on there, I would have won it.
No, but they had a pump-it-up machine, they had some NHL game, and then they had something else.
I forget what else.
I would have gone on Price is Right if I knew, because they don't usually give away video games and stuff.
Well, this is a special.
A tea set!
And you know how normally...
A fondue plate dish or something.
Was it that stupid wheel that they spin?
How you land on a dollar, thousand dollars that you land on and again you normally get ten thousand?
Yeah.
Well, because this was the special million dollar show.
It was $10,000 and $100,000?
No, it was $1,000 and a million.
What?
Yeah.
What?
But your odds of getting that are pretty... unless you cheat.
That's cool.
I remember the time I went to see The Price is Right.
It was so wonderful.
I want to go.
I want to go back so bad.
I know I get...
I do get nostalgic when I think about The Price is Right because it was so wonderful.
I had a great time.
Bob Barker is my hero, he's like 90 years old or something and he's got like the fakest
tan, he's always like...
It's not really that he has a fake tan, his makeup is orange, he looks orange in person.
Yeah, on the TV he doesn't look so orange, but what I've heard is when you go there to
the studio he's like, he's a fucking tangerine dude.
You ever wonder what happened to the Oompa Loompas when they grew up?
Bob Barker?
Seriously?
So, dude, Bob Barker's my hero. He's like 90 years old or something and he's got Poonanee running around his studio like nothing and they want him.
Now, if you had to put Bob Barker versus Hugh Hefner in a fight, didn't you see Happy Gilmore? The price is wrong, bitch.
Wait, that was, I'm saying, that's fine. Anyway, still, Bob Barker kicks some ass in that fight. Best fight scene ever in Hollywood. What do you think, Rob?
I remember that when we went and saw The Price is Right being filmed live, they can do little question and answer sections between, like when there's commercial breaks usually, Bob Barker's doing like this little question and answer thing, and somebody asked about, like, will there ever be a Happy Gilmore 2?
He's not the one producing the movie, how would he know?
I don't know, or has he been asked, or I don't remember what the exact question was.
That's funny, though.
Anyway, let's reveal tonight's winner of the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match, and it's quite a shocker.
By only one vote, the winning song was...
That's right, it was Raven Simone with That's What Little Girls Are Made Of, was tonight's Cage Match winner.
That's the track. That's the joint. That's the cut. And all those ghetto slang.
And it won by a whopping one vote. How many people voted, or can you say on there?
A handful. A handful. Okay.
Not as many as usual, but not the least I've ever seen vote in a cage match.
But I think there were a lot of people like, I ain't voting for any of that shit.
For any of it, yeah. Basically like the real presidential polls nowadays, you know?
I actually had to think about it for a minute because people were voting yes.
I'm like, what do you mean you vote yes?
Oh, yeah, we had a song called Yes.
You don't vote yes or no on a...
You don't vote yes or no on the cage match, you stupid punks.
I'm still playing baseball?
We did have a yes.
Okay, sorry.
Okay.
So, as I mentioned a second ago, you might have missed it because we were talking about
cage match.
Jamie left.
She had another situation she had to take care of, so she's left the building, but we've
got plenty of guests still here.
We have Brad and Irene, the Ice Queen, walked in at some point during the cage match in
the corner.
Anita and Dart Child are on their way and they keep calling me from different places
going I don't, I can't find it, we're in Mexico and we can't find your place.
Well it's hard to drive when you're getting pleasured in the car.
Ohhhhhh.
Wow.
Anyway, so, but, we thought we'd use this opportunity since we're really low on ideas
a material. Irene had something she wanted to do for a while now. You're going to have
to explain this because even I don't know how this works. Oh wait, we have to have theme
music. Sorry, we have to have theme music for this. Give me a minute here because we
have to have theme music for this. It's going to be a segment. Irene, what is this segment
Well, I introduced it a couple of weeks ago into the chat room, an idea, it's called Orange
Crush.
That's right, it's time for Orange Crush.
Yeah, I hope not.
Orange Crush, Orange, Orange Crush, Orange Crush, it's time for Orange Crush.
Go kick your ass.
Okay, how does Orange Crush work?
Okay, well, it was kind of a, I don't know, basic idea, I don't, nothing's finalized,
But we could basically take two people from the studio, and we're going to ask them questions,
the same set of questions.
One person, I guess, can just leave while we ask one person, and then they can come
back, and then the other person will leave, and blah, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, and it's timed.
You know, you have 30 seconds to answer five questions, which really shouldn't take too
long or anything.
So it's a trivia game?
Yeah, pretty much.
Wow.
And there's a theme to each one.
Oh, okay.
So someone's knocking on the door, and that's really scary.
Did someone drop a spoon?
we have somebody else who wants to compete? Come in, come in, come in. Get him in here.
Who is it? Shite. He has your shirt on! Come in, come in, come in. Brad, he has your shirt
on. Look at his shirt. The bathroom is down there. Isn't that funny? Hi, welcome to Jart
Child and Anita who finally found the place. How big is a clock tower supposed to be? It's
clock tower storage
idea wrote clock tower so i'm looking for a clock tower we're about to do a
segment called orange crush now
we need to volunteers
story orange
okay
yeah okay
so who's going to compete in orange crush? I need two volunteers from the studio who wants to do
orange crush
just raise your hand
Bradley will be one.
And oh, you or Matt, whoever.
OK, it'll be Dark Child, I guess.
I don't know.
So Dark Child and Bradley.
So since Dark Child just got here, he can go first.
And Brad, why don't you take Bradley outside.
And into the soundproof booth.
Now, we need a timer.
I don't have a timer.
Can someone count to 30?
Anybody?
Anybody in the audience?
What did I volunteer for?
Does somebody have a watch with a stopwatch?
It's a little segment that we've introduced.
Oh, I can play 30 seconds of a song.
Yeah.
We'll do that.
OK.
Can you explain Orange Crush to me?
Because I'm a noob still.
One more time for those who aren't paying attention.
It's basically a trivia game where we have 30 seconds.
We ask you five questions, however many you get.
You're competing against Bradley to answer more questions.
Oh, he needs a microphone.
He needs a microphone.
Hold on.
Let's get him wired up here.
Okay, the theme of this one is called Love Me Do.
I'll let you figure it out.
Yeah.
Okay.
So can we...
Hold on.
Oh, he has to queue up the music.
Okay.
So basically, what you're expecting is questions about Akira Yamaoka.
Akira Yamaoka.
I've fucked.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
Okay.
Ready to start the clock and go.
What year was Akira Yamaoka born?
1968.
Okay.
What town was he born in?
Nagasaki, Japan.
Okay.
What is his favorite movie?
Battle Royale.
What instrument does he play?
Keyboard, guitar, saxophone.
We have to take your first one.
And the last question is...
That's it.
Oh, that's it?
Oh, whoops.
That's four questions.
I'm sorry.
No, I don't.
Okay, so that's four questions.
You got none of them right.
What a surprise.
Who is that? Is that a person on 2DX or something?
Are you kidding me?
No, I'm not.
Kiryamaoka?
He does the music in 2DX.
I didn't know that.
He does some music in 2DX.
It's Bradley.
I kicked ass, dude.
He's like coming running from around the corner.
Woohoo!
You won, Bradley!
No, I'm kidding.
Okay, just to give you confidence, he didn't get any of them right.
Oh, okay.
Oh, I mean, he got all of them right.
Damn.
Okay.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
The theme of it is called Love Me Do, and there are questions about the Kiriyamaoka.
I don't know if I've told them to you or not, but whatever.
Okay, so start the 30 seconds now.
What year was the Kiriyamaoka born?
I don't know.
Okay.
he born in? Okinawa. Okay, what's his favorite movie?
What instrument does he play? Violin. Okay, what 2DX video and aid style does he appear
here
uh... okay
got none of them right uh...
there's five questions okay what okay how many questions the answer
but i don't know how many questions did he get out five
well he got all the other question question are you suck you at that point
it's a great but okay let me fan
I think I know the last two for sure, but I don't know about the other ones as well, yes.
What year was he born?
I would say he's probably in his 20s, which would mean he was probably born in 73.
What was it?
He was born in 1967.
Oh.
Really close.
One year off.
Okay.
What city was he born in?
I would just go generic and say Tokyo.
Yes, you're right.
Tokyo.
What is his favorite movie?
You know this.
You like the movie.
Lesbians.
Oh, Bound.
Bound. You told me that. That's right.
You know Jennifer Tilly and Gina Gershon. It's his favorite.
Bound is an awesome movie.
Sure.
What instrument does he play?
He plays the drums.
No, he doesn't. He plays the guitar.
He confirmed that he's the guitarist in the game.
Oh, but okay, but the last one.
The last one is what video does he appear in?
I knew that yeah, but somebody told me he played the drums and dancer who lied oh
You know who it is the person that told you
But his main instruments the guitar somebody told me why but wait, but I thought he played the drums
the skin flute
Close well, which guitarist is he is he the one that's doing this thing or is he the one wearing the skirt?
He's the cool one
these are all rah rah rah rah rah rah rah
black hair with a little bit of red dye
We can show you if you want to watch the video
not really
so yeah that was an exciting piece of
oh okay so
that was orange crush
we hope you enjoyed orange crush
but it's over now
go and punch rob
ya'll fear your tattoo right now
It's skin tone. That's what the tattoo is.
Does this make Anita hot and bothered?
Oh Rob, you have such a sexy touch.
Am I the only one who notices that he doesn't have a tattoo there and you're just rubbing his bare chest?
It's a tattoo the color of skin.
I don't have anything else to say.
Hi everyone.
How was your guys' week?
Prior to coming here or after coming here?
Either. Both. We had a lot of time to fill, so both.
I don't know. Whenever I came.
It was pretty good. Good week, I guess.
I'm still unemployed, which sucks, but I guess it was a good week.
Was at the ranch this weekend.
Yeah, we were at Darkchild's mom's ranch, we saw horsies, we saw puppies, I didn't get
to ride yet.
I have a tan.
Oh, yeah, that's from work, actually.
I get to go out in the sun at work, and I have, like, sandal tans on my feet.
So that's when I work out on the river and playing with fishies.
Yay!
Yeah?
I play with fishies!
I chop them into pieces.
But they're already dead.
I know.
I should work at a sushi bar.
I'm going to bring you guys salmon this year.
I'm going to try.
Oh, that's so cool.
If you like salmon, I'll bring salmon.
I like food.
So any food is cool.
It'll be from the hatchery.
It's fresh salmon.
It's not like mercury salmon, is it?
It's from the Feather River, so they're just coming up from the ocean, so they don't have
a lot of mercury.
They're not like a thermometer, are they?
No.
Not at all.
They're ocean fish.
They're not from the Bay.
Alright.
their life out in the ocean, so most of the food that they eat is mercury free, so they're
predators.
The only predators that live in the San Francisco Bay that eat the little creatures that are
in the San Francisco Bay have a lot of mercury in them.
Anyway, that's a science note from Science Corner, Anita's little Science Corner.
It's the science segment, we do the science segment, got it.
Other than that, yeah, we saw puppies and we saw horses because they raised horses and
puppies there.
Yeah, miniature Doberman Pinschers, and Min Pins, Doberman Pinschers, and Toy Fox Terriers.
They were very cool.
They're so cute.
We saw little tiny babies.
They're like two weeks old.
Aww, everybody.
Yeah, whatever.
Animals, whatever.
Yeah, it's old news for me.
Do you have any exciting Bahmani news of our guests that just showed up?
I finally full combo'd the Beauty of Silence.
You go, boy.
Flight 7.
I have no new Bahmani news.
I've barely played in the past couple of weeks.
I'm nuttin' over the game.
All over the keys and everything.
And I play on the left side, Rob. Just like you.
Yay, Left Side Bride!
Left Side represent!
Left Side!
See, and we even have like gay signs.
Bostards!
As Loki puts his finger and thumb up to his forehead, and everybody's trying different hand signals.
Who else wants a hand signal that I can describe?
Okay, uh, this guy is doing a very interesting little hand signal for the crotch.
And Darkchild is licking his nipple.
Discussions on hand signals makes excellent radio, by the way.
Did you guys already talk about X2?
No.
Oh, it's so good!
X2! X2 News!
It's so good!
When what?
Of course, we don't spoil.
We never spoil.
Spoiler free review, please.
We never spoil.
It came out on Friday.
X-Men 2, the movie?
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Yeah.
Oh, hold on.
Irene's having a conversation with Matt who doesn't have a mic.
Okay, um, Darkchild asked something that's not exactly a spoiler, but should I give this
information out?
Does everybody agree?
What is the question?
He asked if Gambit is in the movie.
Gambit's scene was cut from the movie.
I agree.
Uh is right.
Okay, right by Arco Arena there's a huge movie theater, and we went to go see X2 over there,
and it was great.
I mean, we bought the tickets off online, the online site where you can buy tickets,
and we went, and we had to stand in this huge ass line, and we were kind of towards the
back waiting to get into the theater, but then one of the friends, a friend that I went
to the theater with, he has a friend that works at the theater, so we had to cut to
the front of the line.
We had to go to the VIP side, so we were the first ones in the theater.
So we had to go in and pick any seat we wanted.
So we sat right in the middle where you can put your feet up kind of, it's like right
where the stadium seating part begins so you can put your feet up on the bars and stuff.
We're sitting there, we're getting excited, the movie's about to start.
Five minutes before the movie starts, all the lights go out and the emergency lights
come on.
We're sorry, the power's out.
And how long was it out for?
Long enough so that they escorted us out of the theater and gave us tickets to see another
movie at another time.
But did you go back in?
So what a waste of two hours.
Did you go back in to watch it?
No, we couldn't.
Oh, okay.
It was gone.
They called me.
You had called me earlier, or later, and I thought you said that they started the movie
up.
No, no.
The manager came in.
Oh, okay.
And was shooing us all out.
So that really sucked.
Yeah, I have some friends that went to go see it that same day, but they were in the
theater a little earlier, so they were halfway through the movie when the car went out.
Oh, yeah.
And they gave us tickets to go back later.
I was saying it's gotta really suck to be those guys.
That's why I was telling my friend that I went with us.
Now, it sucks for us, but it really sucks for them.
At least you weren't halfway through the movie.
and saw Princess Mononoke. Rob, you reminded me of one of my fuck you's I need to say for
the week. Fuck you to Bombay. See, Bombay, you didn't get to go to see the premiere of
it on Thursday. No, he has a friend who works in the movie theater, so he saw it Wednesday
at midnight before it was even supposed to be shown in theaters. Those freaking people
who work in the theater always get those nice little deals. I wonder what they're going
to do for The Matrix, though, if they're going to have FBI people there who aren't going
to let him in to see the movie early. Agents, agents, Darkchild says agents.
I've got tickets for 545 opening day. 545 opening day? I've got to get some tickets
too so we can go. Loki, Loki, I'm going to have premiere passes.
So what, do I care? Are you sure you can get in with premiere passes?
I usually don't let you use any kind of passes on brand new movies until two weeks.
okay radio station
uh... yeah i guess
i guess premiere want to see that movie so badly i know everybody how it seemed
on seconds
that we've been a part of the
that's my
i have to bring a new pair of shorts
i'm going to be like eight times
you're one of those people who's gonna dress up in like the black trench coat in
the glasses i already own that shut up
I normally wear a trench coat, so that's not a trench coat!
Trench coats go down to your ankle!
Just because I don't have the glasses that don't have like the side arm thing, they just stick onto your nose like Morpheus had.
Morpheus glasses are pimps, too bad they're three hundred dollars, so I can't afford them.
Let's go get some knockoffs in Mexico or something, I'm sure.
Yo, look at me as the lens pops out.
Yo, yo.
Would you like to go deeper down the rabbit hole or whatever the fuck he said?
Cornhole? I was reading some review on aintitcoolnews.com
where this guy just kept overusing the words fuck and come
and pissed myself like in his review of Matrix Reloaded because I guess it's been
screened already at Khan Film Festival and stuff.
That's funny.
How mature.
It was probably one of the... Hee hee.
I said fuck.
It was probably uh...
what's-his-name the one of the
uh... one of those
that's one of the guys died that the two movie critics
physical neighbor yeah i'm still a little rubber
you know i don't see the rubber it's probably even
shit but uh... uh...
there's one thing i don't want to think about
he was uh... you worship but i'm not about that yeah yeah yeah i'm sitting on
the toilet a river
ready late pretty late
pretty late
And he was too lazy to write up another review, so he just copied the one from the porn movie and used it for The Matrix.
Yeah, he posted a porn movie review and he thought it, you know, because he didn't want to make up a Matrix review.
And that's why it said that.
It was probably a Scott film.
And he just changed the names of the characters to, like, Neo.
When Neo took Morpheus from behind, it was the most excellent scene I ever saw in my life.
The anal matrix.
Would you like to go deeper down the hole?
See how far this hole takes you.
I know kung fu.
Eleventy billion dollars.
So go see Max- Max- Whoa, I know GHB.
X-Men 2.
Remember just like, this is totally how the clerks animated.
Totally how the clerks animated the uh...
where they're like the beef jerky
you know the teacher he comes
i remember that
remember when they're doing the very at the very and we walked out of store is
that the whole episode where there's a carnival going on across the street
and the very and he walks through the door out only beef jerky and he walked
out into the construct and then way off topic
doses but i don't think i made it i think there is a large
as of europe
if you're fans of kevin smith of the clerks and i it's one of the greatest
cartoons ever proof that the greatest shows get banned or kicked off TV all the time like
and the guy like got more play than yeah haters and got like a couple seasons too though didn't
it you got two seasons before um the coach john avasco has pulled it off because uh nickelodeon
is trying to make it more kid with friendly comedy central is supposed to be picking up
clerks the animated like it's starting a new like new episodes i'm sure they'll show the
the first six, but maybe, hopefully. But Kevin Smith said there's no more Jay and Silent
Bob in anything. Well, that's a lie already, because they are doing a Clerks animated movie,
and so I'm sure he's going to be, you know, Jay and Silent Bob have to be mad. Well, the
only reason they're doing no Jay and Silent Bob is because Jay's missing in action. Jay,
yeah. What happened? I don't know. Did he turn tail and run out of the country, is what
Out of the country, he's dead.
He's not dead, he's hiding on some island somewhere because of his convictions or whatever.
Conviction, that's not the right word, is it?
I don't know.
Didn't he talk about Jason Mewes being banished, though, at an evening with Kevin Smith?
I don't know.
Because, I guess, Warren, he brought that up and then Jason Mewes walks up on stage
and he knows where Jason is.
Who knows?
It's like one of the biggest conspiracies since the whole biggie, Notorious B.I.G. and Tupac thing, you know?
Is he really dead?
I just think Jay ran off with booboo kitty fuck.
Sorry, I don't know who booboo kitty fuck is.
Anyway, I think he ran off with strong bad.
So, on another note...
Rob's over here eating fucking pretzels. Do your job.
What job?
Okay, we're going to go to a break real fast, and then we're going to come back.
Huh? Well,
I've been making my living with the kind of job we call blow.
Anyway,
yes. We go to break now,
and after break, we're going to come back with
Ask Orange Lounge, where you can ask any of the members of Orange Lounge a
question that you want.
Um, except Jamie, because she's not here right now, but you can ask me, you can ask Loki, you can ask a Rice Princess or Lanky Style, you can ask Dark Child or DDRHolic, you can ask Arcadian42, or you can ask the Ice Princess.
Oh, sorry, the Ice Queen. I'm sorry, are you a princess or a queen? He's a queen. He's more of a queen than a-
Well, then you're definitely a queen.
All right, so we'll be right back after some music and we're going to be doing Ask Orange
Lounge.
So send those questions right now to me.
My name is Skye and I'm in the chat room and we're going to play a couple tracks from some
Dance Mania albums and we're going to start it off with something from Dance Mania Fantasia
and this is one of our most popular tracks in Orange Lounge Radio Rotation.
of an SMA with Destiny.
Give it up, give me what it takes
Back, back, back
I don't even know if you and I love my acts
I love the moment, you be strong
I don't know what I'm gonna do
I gotta warn you
I'm gonna have sex with your ex
Who'll make you look this way?
That's not a match, baby, take it easy
Take this life, I'm gonna have sex with you, ex
Who will look you up?
This life, I'm this life
For you too and I'm just feeling like
Like that
I gotta warn you
Who are you?
Don't have sex with your ex, baby
I love you
Well I'm back, I'm back, if you call me back
Call me Max I'm in love with you And I love the ass well I'm Max
Max, Call me Max I'm in love with you and I love the ass well I'm Max
I gotta warn you
Max will affect me the best
And make me laugh affect my life
We can take it easy
Max will affect me the best
And if I knock you off you like I would like
To stay cool and shy
And I'm just feeling, I'm crying for you
Don't hesitate when you let me
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Hello, we're back.
And you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 43.
And, um, hi Irene, how are you doing?
Hi, I'm pretty good, how about you?
I'm pretty good.
I love your shirt.
Thank you.
Did you tell everyone about Rocky?
What about Rocky?
about Rocky how it's going to be on May 10th at Davis.
Well, you have to remember we're an international show,
but if anybody's local to Sacramento.
It's going to be at the Campus Cinema at UC Davis,
Chem Lab 194, that's what it used to be,
but now it's an actual theater.
Yeah, we're doing Rocky at midnight on Saturday, May 10th.
At the theater in Davis?
Well, actually, no, it's on the campus,
but they changed the Chem Lab 194 to an actual theater.
Oh, okay.
So that's their theater now.
What building is that, do you know?
you would know 194 it's the big big Kim by Kim building well it's right by the
killing building it's like really big it's like across from the silo yeah it's
where the soccer field is or there were soccer people playing yeah Student
Union and the Taco Bell I never went to this oh well he would know or not well
So you know where the student union is, you go basically, I can't remember the directions,
it's been a while.
We can give directions later, but if you're interested, email someone.
You can go like vtor.ucdavis.edu, you can look on the map there.
Okay, so as I said, it's time for Ask Orange Lounge.
Yep.
Ask Orange Lounge, no I'm kidding, I'm not going to sing this.
Okay.
Rob, you need to make new theme songs.
Yeah I know.
Alright, here we go. First question is from Justin B. and he wants to know,
will you play some of those cool songs I sent you, like Speed Over Beethoven, Living
in America, Hungarian Dance No. 5, Mary Blonde, I Love You?
No! Well, this is the problem.
While I want to honor that request and, you know, let everybody
you know, hear, because it's some rare stuff, it's some cool stuff. It's not from SyFam, it's from
LED Records. I fucked that up earlier.
But the problem is, when I played that one a little while ago, half the chat room was like
I'm kind of at a tough space here. So, yes, we'll play them, you know, we'll intermix them with the other stuff, but we can't play them all in one big clump.
Yeah, Loki says we can play them on February 30th. No, we'll play some after the show. We'll intermix it in with our typical Bamani music. How's that? We'll compromise.
Because there are some folks out there that like that stuff, which is cool. I like some of it. I don't like all of it, but I like some of it. But there was some good sounding stuff in there. So, we shall soon see.
Hey Rob? I like kinky sex. Are we going to compromise and allow me to have kinky sex on the show every now and then and mix that into the weekly programming?
No, we might be able to arrange that. Yeah, it would boost our ratings.
Let's see, this is a question probably Loki would be best to answer, this one for Loki.
This is from snubdisnoid and he wants to know, does the PSX DEX drive not work with WinBlows XP or does mine just hate me?
Yours just hates you because I have Windows XP and mine works fine.
Here's what I do though, I don't use the stupid program that comes with it.
I use a program called, uh...
Fuck, I can't remember the name.
Okay, I use a program called...
Called My Screensaver's On And Now My Computer Isn't Responding.
Hold on. It's called, uh...
PSX Game Edit.
Or, yeah, Game Edit. PSX Game Edit.
And it's a nice little program that you can use for copying your edits and stuff, and it works fine.
I mean, trust me, this thing works on my freaking laptop.
it sucks ass okay it'll work on anything if it doesn't work on XP do not use XP
drivers that XP tells you will work go to their website and download a driver
off their site that might be the problem as well you have a question well go
ahead why not we'll get to theirs eventually my question is for you or Matt
or Jamie who's not here okay are you guys ever gonna do the covers in classic
show and or a request show
a covers and classic show request like a music show
yellow like even like non-bamani
well this was interesting is with with may coming one hour into may and you
know it's may sweeps in radio and tv land as we call it where you know
well not just a good amount of tomorrow but you know we have a sweeps going on
right now that's when your favorite
your favorite when your favorite characters get married on t-v shows that
people leave and shows go off the air
so what we do is still you were have season three
One other thing I want to do on top of that is add some more music programming.
We have the long version lunches and late nights that are coming soon to the station,
which have been coming soon for like three months, but anyway.
Some other things I'd like to do is maybe have like a cover show, like a classic show
like an 80s.
Well, the thing is that I don't want to compete with anything that Understation Live does
because they're kind of the birthplace of this, and they have an 80s show now on understationlive.org,
so it would be more of a like classic show, like not just 80s but like early 90s dance
and more dance songs, not goth-y songs yet.
The songs that they covered in DDR, it's just that, it doesn't have to be strictly 80s.
Or like a request show, like I said.
I would like to see that happen, and of course the request shows are kind of already happening
because we do have the live fuck-offs that go on on the station, but they're not scheduled,
that's not a problem.
Yeah, I mean like an actual 6.30 or 9.30 Sunday request show.
It's possible, but it just depends, the problem is, Loki, myself, Dark Sacro, we dedicate
a lot of time to the station as it is.
And I think while we're willing to dedicate more, certainly it's kind of hard for us to
sit there and go like, okay, I'm going to do it Tuesday at six, you know, it's kind
of hard to take away.
Well, I mean, like an actual, on a Sunday, you know, like an actual official show for
a question, as opposed to a fuck off, but...
Possibly, possibly.
Don't you have an intern?
Yeah, we do have an intern.
Yes, and certainly, certainly you can.
And we have other people that want to go live on our station, too.
We just have to figure out how to work all that out fairly without taking away from the
rest of Orange Lounge.
not turning it into a egothon, I guess I should say
because then everybody, you know, if one person we let one audience member go live
then everybody's going to want to go live
so we have to find a way to figure out to do a fair while it still holds the
high quality of Orange Lawn's radio and all that stuff. So, we'll figure it out.
I was just talking to Anita and I reminded myself of another fuck you I have to have, alright?
Alright, go for it. This is fuck you to my parents, alright?
And my family for that matter. You know,
I've only known, like, Anita for like three weeks. Stop asking me is she
marriage material? Is she going to have kids? Does she want to have kids? Those are good
birthing kids. Those are good birthing kids. That's another thing. My ex keeps emailing
me and she keeps asking me the same question. Are you going to marry Nellie again? Marry
her? Just because you broke up with me and got married like a couple weeks later doesn't
mean that I'm going to go out and get married right away. Just because you're a freaking
Jesus freak, okay, and have to have some commitment issues, and are living in Chico. When you're
Your potential is a, um, pet, what was it, it's a veterinarian secretary.
Yeah.
Yeah, so that fuck you is for you mom and Eugene and you Aunt Mickey and you Uncle Zach.
Fuck all of you.
Happy Mother's Day from Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, moving on.
Okay.
Oh, you had another question I heard?
No.
Alright.
I'm just taking the mic.
Let's move on then, shall we?
Okay.
The next question is, Dark Tetsuya would like to know, will you ever get around to adding
more Vanessa Mae, speaking of which?
The only problem with adding more Vanessa Mae is that she hasn't really done anything
else, Dance Mania, things like that, except for a really, really horrible track of Vanessa
Mae, which I think appears on Dance Mania 7, but even Dark Tetsuya, the complete Vanessa
that song is of the suck, and it will never be played again on Orange Island Radio.
But we do have some random stuff that appears, I don't see why we can't add one or two more of Vanessa May songs, just because she rocks.
But I gotta find something more techno-y, upbeat that fits into the groove of the rest of the station.
Something like, there's a song called White Bird that's remixed by Airscape, that's pretty good.
And Airscape is actually Bamani related too.
White Bird's pretty good, so I might add that.
But as far as, like, it's gotta be something dancy. If you have some dancy Vanessa May songs, certainly Sennen will think about adding them.
But there is some good- and she does have that Cotton Eye Joe, and that does relate to Bamani in a roundabout way, so...
But, uh, for the time being, I think it's just gonna be a fuck-offs, and then we'll try to get at least one more Vanessa May track.
Because I know Fantasia's getting a little stale, but you know what you need to do? You need to write Vanessa May and tell her to let herself appear on more Transmedia albums.
Or you could just say, oh wait, Vanessa Mae sucks and I don't really give a shit about her.
Oh, shut up.
Or you could write her and tell her to stop making crap music.
You guys are awful.
Vanessa Mae's a piece of shit.
And guess what? We just, we just net split. Our chat rooms are going through a net split right now.
Don't split. Don't split.
If you're on the other side of the net split, you guys can email your questions right now too. I'll keep an eye on the email box, okay?
email your questions to orange lounge radio that's all one word
orange lounge radio at yahoo.com. A net split is when
the servers, one of the servers, like a chat room
has like 10 different servers all funneling into the chat room. That's when like half
those servers break off.
Like they stop talking to each other, they crash. Even one server can break off
the link between a bunch of the servers. Exactly. And that causes a bunch of the other people to
suddenly look like they quit but they didn't quit. They're still online but they're on some
other servers so you lost the link between a bunch of those people.
And I'm sure people who are listening right now understand that already, but this is for people who didn't understand.
You never know.
You never know.
We have some people who are new to our chat room who may not understand the next play.
We get new people on our chat room every week. Hello to you.
And if you want to join our chat room, just head on over to calibomani.com, click on Orange Lounge, and click on Chat.
That was a very nice segue, Rob.
Thank you.
Matt's going to give us some news, right?
Give us some news about your site.
Before you do that, I think you should post a link to your site somewhere, like on the Cali Bamani site, because I couldn't find your site.
Yes, I actually purchased forums and I will have forums soon.
I just have to scan them and then we're ready to go.
Has to give them some clothes.
Yes.
All right.
So.
Good question coming to us from Akuma GM who is getting us to talk about some Bomani.
Will the release of DDRXBox produce some enjoyable downloadable content?
Interesting question.
Loki says yes.
I didn't know there was going to be a DDRXBox.
You need to listen to this show more often, Brad.
Fuck you! What is this show?
Content, yes, enjoyable, no.
Alright, fuck you, Xbox. Fuck you, listener or chat person for mentioning the Xbox.
Xbox sucks. The only game you should ever buy on Xbox, other than Dead or Alive beach volleyball just for the jiggliness,
or Outlaw Volleyball for the jiggliness, is Psychonauts because my friend is making that game and it's gonna be badass.
But other than that, Xbox sucks. It makes a better Linux machine, and they finally hacked it with Linux without putting a mod chip in.
chip in.
Okay, before we continue, because I'm going to play devil's advocate here. We all know
the console war will never end. I personally don't hate, or I personally don't like Xbox,
but I don't want to piss off a bunch of people by saying that.
I saw more Xbox propaganda this morning on G4. They did this Xbox propaganda thing on
G4 this morning, talking about how, like, it's so great and everything, and how it's...
No.
Oh, horrible.
Darkchild, I agree. I'm not a big fan of Xbox, but the problem is we are a Bimani talk show,
and whether we like it or not, they're putting Bomani on the Xbox, so we kind of have to talk about it.
But what about...
To quote Ryan, Xbox would be better served as a weapon to hit 10-year-old children with.
It's more like a depth charge thing, man. That thing is heavy, and it will destroy any underwater vessel.
It was going to be called the Direct Xbox, because the Direct X team was working on it, and that's why it's called the Xbox.
Really, I think they called the Xbox because it's the size of a box and has an X on it.
Here's an idea, Konami, let's all write letters to Konami, instead of wasting your production time to make stupid Xbox ports of Bimani games, why don't you put your time into making 7th style for home PS2 so we can have 2DX at home again?
No, I don't care if it's US or Japanese, I want more 2DX at home.
Okay, this is the problem. This is the problem. Yes, DDRXBox will have enjoyable downloadable content.
And in fact, I predict DDRXBox is going to be the best fucking DDR game they've done yet.
Do you know why? Because we're all sitting here bitching about how we're not going to buy it and support the Xbox.
And that's the way God works.
It will probably have enjoyable downloadable content at the price of $50 a month in addition to your normal cost of the game for Xbox Live.
xbox live is fifty dollars
i mean uh... it's gonna cost me fifteen dollars monthly request to i'm not going
to pay fifty dollars for what xbox live
all we're going to do is make it either the eyes of the few days
speaking of which in less someone beats me to it i'm making the deal
you w eyes for the uh... maxed exclusive songs
uh... will be coming up right because you know i'm really shocked those
haven't already been done
People are just being lazy, actually, and haven't gotten their game or just don't care.
I can make mine in, like, a couple hours.
Do it!
I could make them the night if I wanted to.
The question is, do I want to?
Okay.
The next question is from SoCalKicks, and I accidentally closed his window, but I sort of remember what it said.
Oh, I remember that guy a long time ago.
Yeah, I know, he has disappeared, but he actually asked a question.
SoCalKicks, for those who may not remember SoCalKicks, let me play a little something.
a bigger mall than we do and it's cooler and they have a Dave and Buster's there and they
have a guy that gets massages in the mall and it was awesome.
For those of you that forget SoCal Kicks, here's a little reminder.
Hi everybody, this is DSDS, make sure to visit SoCalKicks.com and you're listening to Orange
Lounge Radio.
We finally accomplished ultimate evolution just now.
You know how many times I had to get him to say his own little motto for his website?
Twice. Anyway.
He wants to know, why is it that I'm not listening to this station anymore, even though I have an urge to?
Because SoCal kicks, you suck.
I don't know about that, he seemed like a pretty cool guy.
I say he's just discovered the joys of masturbation.
Oh, this is spending a lot more time with Rosie Palmer and her five sisters?
I hope the window's not open still, is it?
That is no excuse whatsoever, if you're listening to the radio. I mean, that requires no hands at all.
Even if you're one-handed to Live365.com, you one-hand click orange clouds, one-click to play, and then your hands pre.
But you can even put Flash videos up and watch those at the same time.
I think we got a new sweeper here with Darkchild. Come on, man.
Man, you could probably play step mania and beat off at the same time.
It seems possible. I mean, you could probably beat off and play five-key beat mania too.
Seven-key's a little hard to one-hand. He's playing five-key beat mania with his penis.
Yeah, with that one ear, Dark.
That was playing one-handed.
That's that song you played, the DWI was like, how long, 45 minutes?
Yeah, that made your hand more tired than masturbating, I'm sure.
It's a workout for my right hand.
I did also perfect combo the beauty of silence one-handed, so...
The beauty of...
I will combo the skin flute one-handed.
Oh, Flute Man, I mean. That's the song.
Anyway, moving right along. I'm waiting to get yelled at for that answer, but since he's not listening, he won't hear it unless somebody communicates it to him.
And right now he's probably getting 20 messages from Tattletales going,
They're teasing you about masturbation, haha!
Where's he from again? He's from Fremont?
Hence the name SoCalKicks.
SoCalKicks means he's from, you know, Hawaii.
I thought he was in Amsterdam or something, you dumbass.
Is he part of like Team Changeland? Because I mean, they could teach him how to masturbate properly while he sits on the radio.
In fact, don't they have a radio show there?
Who knows? Nobody listens.
That's okay, nobody listens to this either.
More than them. Oh, anyway.
Be nice.
Oh, I'll be nice.
Oh, new question. Yes, listen. New question. Here we go.
John Fields wants to know, psychology or ethnic conflicts of the 20th century?
Which category for Jeopardy? No.
Which essay should I start next?
Psychology or ethnic conflicts of the 20th century?
I say do the ethnic whatever because you're going to rack your brain on that shit and
then you could actually use some of the lemons you'll have in your psychology paper.
I agree.
I think since psychology sounds like the easier one, do that second so that you coast down
through the second paper.
I say plagiarize a Dr. Phil episode, and there you go.
I say do the psychology.
If you're going to put all that work into it, at least learn how to fuck with people's
heads.
Wait a minute, what were the two topics again?
Psychology or ethnic conflicts of the 20th century.
Why not do a psychology paper about the ethnic conflicts of the 20th century and then print
it out twice and turn it into both classes?
Beautiful, there you go.
There's your answer.
All right.
Do the system again.
Ddarrangel has a question for Loki.
Will you marry me?
No, just kidding.
That question's reserved for someone else in our chat room.
We won't talk about that.
I'm just kidding.
Oh god, I'm so gonna get smacked.
I'm like just waiting for the buffer to get there.
What?
Okay.
Nevermind.
Anyway, here's the real question.
Oh, there, I just got smacked.
When are you going to get to do a fuck off?
We need your mixed masteness.
Well, let's see here. First off, I need to get broadband hooked up to my computer. Since it doesn't seem to be happening at the moment, uh, it's not for a while. I don't know.
Eventually. It is something that will be coming to- in fact, we're hoping- this goes back to Irene's question earlier. Hopefully, Loki will be doing a regular show. Like, it'll be like every week at a certain time, right?
Yeah, there was going to be a mix show, but you know, there's kind of a couple problems with that. First off, I don't know how to mix. So we need to kind of figure that one out first.
I can almost be matched. Maybe you could fix that almost part and then you could do it.
I can do it. I honestly have to go through all my records and mark down what the BPM is on and all of them.
And then I have to listen to all of them numerous times, which is gonna be a bitch.
So I know what songs sound the same, beat-wise and bass-wise, so I can mix them together.
And you already know about doing the filter out to just the bass track and the drum track onto it, right?
I'm gonna get through these last couple questions before we have to end the show here.
Ah, return of a classic. This question's for Bradley.
This question's been asked to a lot of people on the show, but 23rd Magus wants to know,
Bradley, what would you do with two quiet Jap girls,
a bucket of Choco Ready Whip, a cake pie, and a 2DX controller?
Our child wants to answer this, too.
I'd probably go crazy and not know what to do.
I'd just sit in the corner and watch them play 2DX.
And film the whole thing, and tell them to do crazy stuff.
It was chocolate ready whip?
I play beat mania while eating chocolate ready whip.
That's a good thing, dude.
Dude, you got it!
No, no, I play beat mania.
I get it.
First, I'd set the video camera, because obviously any situation with that there would have to be a video camera in the room.
And I'd link to the website with it broadcasting.
Oh, definitely, in our broadcast. Let's see here, Kawaii Japanese Girls, so impressionable, and with ready whip.
Are they in schoolgirl uniforms?
No, see, they have to be regular ready whip, because I don't like chocolate that much.
This is a question for Bradley, guys, come on.
This brings up a fuck you to people who use some Japanese words in English, like kawaii
girls.
That's really, really fucking annoying, especially in, I get Raijin magazine, and they have like
the game and anime thing, and then they bring it out somewhere out of nowhere.
This game is really kawaii.
Know what I hate?
Know what I hate is when people mispronounce anime and spell it wrong when they email me
at work asking me questions about anime.
I want to know about the anima.
I want to know about the enemy.
I want to know about the Japanem- I can't even pronounce how they say it.
It's like the Japanimation.
Just write them back.
The enema is up your ass, and you are the enemy.
Japanenem conation?
I don't know.
Anyway.
They're like Japanime.
I like that.
Japanime.
Okay.
Here we go.
Japanime!
Okay.
Here we go.
Dartitsuyu would like to know, have you ever played Parodius?
Gogucho, Sexy, et cetera, um, anybody, I guess.
He didn't direct it towards any particular person.
Yeah, I've played it.
Look, he said he tried.
I have, uh, like, two or three of the games on Saturn, so I've played it so fine.
I'll play it right now.
I have played Parodius.
And it sucks.
Play Gradius.
God.
Um, I've played it for a little bit on Nintendo emulator.
Oh, come on.
Don't play Gradius.
Play Life Force.
Do you know what I love most about Parodius as the penguins?
I don't know, I think Gradius is still the classic Konami shooter.
It's got burning heat in it, Gradius 2.
UK Bondage Boy wanted to back up something that Bradley had said in the last bit about Japan English.
It's like having the screen name Nico Bubblegum.
Yes, let's be multicultural and trendy.
Okay, Ralph.
Okay, last question. Last question for Ask Orange Lounge. Sorry everybody.
The last question is from Justin B. He wants to know
when will this show ever end? The answer is right now.
Let's go around to get everybody's final thoughts.
Final thought.
I know way too much things about my mother that I wish I never knew or heard uttered
from her mouth.
La la la la la la la.
DDR-holic.
Um, Engrish is very, very nice fun, thank you.
You wanna go now, Loki, or at the end?
I don't care, whatever.
Alright, Loki.
Oh, I guess I'm going now.
I can't believe I missed Simpsons, and the TV is right here, but I was watching the most
six-year-old nation challenges as i said yesterday
i said like i was going to watch it every week now that i have a t b in cable
but new
had to be stupid where
the wretched evil ice queen
and haggard
that's it
just deep panting
for the ice cream this is very staker now
very serious final yes everybody yes brad everybody
Shh, everybody, this is a serious, very, come on!
Very serious final thought.
I don't care if you believe in God or any religion
or praying at all, everybody please pray to Konami
that Castlevania for PS2 is going to be a good game.
And it's not going to suck.
It is very serious, I am very serious.
Everybody, please.
Amen!
Amen, can I get a witness in here?
What are you talking about?
When's the last time Konami's fucked something up?
Don't get me started. We won't even utter.
We're not going to mention that name on the radio.
Rice Princess, final thought.
What kind of world is this? It's kind of crap. Fight.
Bradley, final thought.
Hooray for the random oni course. It's evil and fun all wrapped into one.
That was poetic.
I'm sure if Jamie were here her final thought would be Squee or Wee or I Own You or something
like that or Battle Royale something or Sleep, I Need Sleep or Let's Go Get Tapioca, any
of the above would be Jamie's final thought, I'm pretty sure.
I would say with pretty good accuracy I think I got it.
My final thought is I need sex.
How much are you willing to pay?
Never mind.
I could be whoever you want.
Can you be Anita?
Oh, I could sure try.
I did get really drunk last night and I touched, never mind, we won't go there.
And it wasn't my boobie?
Who'd you molest?
I'm going to get in trouble for saying that on air.
I'll give the final word of the night to the Ice Queen.
The haggard wretched Ice Queen.
The haggard wretched Ice Queen?
Final word.
No, one word.
One word.
Final word.
Good.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment,
send us an email at orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Will everyone please rise for the presentation
of our national colors.
Oh, I like that! Oh, yeah!
Come to the place where tropical breezes flow!
To the coolest place I know
The people are so great
But really there's only me
And that means I'm so great
And also there's the cheat
Oh there's the cheat
In the place where the tropical breezes flow
The cheat
In the coolest place I know
The ones are always cold, and the parties last all night.
And there's probably lots of chocolate and population tire.
Population tire!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
