Message for you, son!
Attention!
Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk, and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode... Hey, are there any balls down there?
That's the biggest fairy you've ever seen, Tinkle Fairy.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Showgirls.
Absolutely frightful.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself.
That's my job.
Now's the time our sprockets made me dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty!
And your little dog, too!
I know Kung Fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No one expects a Spanish exposition!
It's Kendo.
Hey!
DarkSakura Shut up!
Where's my gun?
This is my boomstick!
Sky Come on girls, it's time to drop the bomb!
Loki I can't for the life of me get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of warping being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio
We are live, and this is episode number 44 for May the 11th of 2003.
You're tuned into the Bimani Scene's most sleep-deprived radio station of all things B-Money.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts.
Well, usually awesome co-hosts.
When the show's not going on, they're pretty awesome.
In this corner, the happiest buddy on the farm, Miss Jamie Summers.
You know her better as DarkSakura.
Um, insert witty comment here.
In that corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
Hello.
Who hooked up the microphones in amazing 15 seconds before we started tonight's show.
Also with us tonight, say hello to Intern Zero.
I can't get this fucking cookie out of the package.
It's, like, pissing me off.
That sounds kind of sexual.
Shut up.
Damn it, I'm not really going to be able to get that one out.
That was great.
Jamie went, and she got the cookie out of the package, and then she ate it.
That was almost zing-worthy.
Nice.
She got one for me.
She's redeemed.
So it's just the four of us here tonight.
Getting really close, getting to know each other.
Loving each other a little more.
We'll be talking to everyone more a bit later, but first we're going to take a quick break.
We're going to break stuff.
We're taking a hit off the cookie.
Describe these cookies you're eating.
They're interesting because they come in a plastic wrapped thing.
It looks like a can of Pringles, but they're cookies.
Yes, they're shingles.
No, they're German cookies.
And they're like dark German chocolate, but it doesn't really taste like dark chocolate, between two thin cookies, and it's really good.
And it tastes good, too.
Are these people moving?
Yeah, our neighbors are moving.
Good.
You don't need neighbors.
Mr. Rogers isn't around anymore.
We don't need neighbors.
You're so nice.
Everyone's so nice here.
I got his and that thingy's.
Okay, we're going to start this break with an interesting song.
This is an interesting song.
This is something that was downloaded.
It was sent to me from DarkTetsuya in the chatroom.
He got it from MGZ.com.
And this is supposedly from Night Style, although there's a little bit of skepticism about it.
It's V remixed by Naoki.
Okay.
But there's a lot of skepticism going on around this one, and this is the reason why people are skeptical, because it's really good quality, and no good quality MP3s have come out from Nightstyle yet.
That, and the fact that this MP3 is two and a half minutes, which, for a 2DX song, that's a long ass time.
I'm not sure it's really long.
Yeah, what?
Solo's heard me go, bleh.
Two and a half minutes?
Well, then it's a possibility, but it's kind of, you know, we're not saying it's official.
We're not saying it's official, but it might be.
And if it is official, then we were the first to play it, right?
Yeah.
So enjoy this.
We're going to play this V remix by Naoki, and then we'll play something from Taka and something from Naoki.
And then we'll be back.
Enjoy!
DarkSakura.com
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Orange Lounge Radio.
We put your thing down, flip it, and reverse it.
Hi.
I can say words in reverse, too.
Do it.
Mom.
Radar.
God and dog.
Radar.
Or that'd be Radair.
Race car, right?
Race car.
Yeah.
Yeah, race car.
Speaking of mom, happy Mother's Day.
Happy Mother's Day, and I didn't let my mom listen to the show.
To all of our mothers out there listening, which hopefully is none of them.
Mom's like, I want to listen to your radio show.
Um, no you don't.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
No, we don't do the sex quiz on this show, but it's still pretty bad.
You know, it's too bad though that we do Rocky on Saturday nights because we can't listen to Travis and Jenna.
Well, I'm trying to see if they're ever going to rebroadcast their show.
I know they do, they have new shows, they have spin-off shows now.
They have like the 80s show and some club, goth club show that Travis does.
So, oh yeah, so we'll plug Under Station Live, our buddies over there.
Yeah, goth talk.
And I'm Azrael Abyss, Prince of Sorrow It's a piece of shit
If that was Naoki, then it means that Naoki sat on V and farted and out that came.
I'm sorry.
As much as we bag on Naoki, he's very talented.
And I know he could do much better than that.
That is not Naoki.
And anyone who thinks that that's Naoki, who actually believes that that's a Naoki remix, needs to get their head examined.
Or either that or get it out of the toilet.
So what are you going to do if it comes out that that's real?
Are you going to have a cry?
No, I'm probably never going to listen to another Naoki mix again because he's lost all of his talent.
Maybe let Politary remix it and put his name on it.
Oh, maybe that's it.
Maybe let Politary do all the work this time.
I can tell that it's unique.
It's special.
Eating a cookie.
First of all, I was in band and I took music theory and music appreciation and everything.
I started off as a music major.
I have listened to Winter so many times, it's not even funny.
And I could tell that the second half of the song was completely ripped from Winter.
It was actually, you know, unique parts.
So that is the only way I could think that that's a new mix.
But Nelke could do better.
So much better.
So I don't think that's Nelke.
As Like La Morete La Bierte, which is the other song we heard in there, the last song we heard in that break, which is a good Naoki song, very good Naoki song.
And in the middle there was Tomorrow Perfume.
Everybody knows that one, from Taka.
That song pissed me off.
Why does that piss you off?
Just because it's difficult, it's a seven.
Have you seen the latest custom non-stop that's in our machine at Scandia?
No.
It's sad, I mean it's like really hard.
Who decided that one goes in?
I'll give you two guesses.
The first guess starts with an E and ends with Rick.
I'll bet you anything.
You should let me put one in.
You should let me put one in and that'd be like seven stars Jamie can pass.
Three of them in the last two songs would be blank.
It could be like ones you've almost passed.
Come really close.
But no, this is the songs that he has in there.
Summer Vacation, Tomorrow Perfume, Traces, Xenon, and A. And you know what's really fucked about that?
You can't change your speeds in the middle of a non-stop course on 8th style or whatever when you're playing 2DX non-stops.
You can't change your speed.
So whatever speed you play Summer Vacation on, like I play High Speed 3, you have to.
You have to play A on.
We just take a hit right after, you know, like, right before A. Then everything's like bullet time.
Just like, I see the keys coming down!
Ugh!
Yay!
You and drugs.
You should.
I'm just kidding.
Don't do drugs.
Drugs are bad, okay?
Drugs are bad.
I'm very happy.
Why are you happy?
Because I just had a cookie.
You know what that whole drugs thing reminds me of?
On Beemani Sims, Omnicrash made a song called Beemani Song.
And he like totally... Is that the one that sounds like the sunscreen song?
Yeah, yeah, here we go.
Wait, okay, we're gonna hear a clip.
This song is so mean.
It is short, but you gotta play the best part in the middle, right after the least 100 seconds.
Oh, sorry.
That's just me, though.
I don't know, that song is so funny, especially when it talks about jokes.
You'll like it, but he can't say DWI.
He says DWI.
DWI.
Okay, what we'll do to make this interesting is we'll let Loki play the whole song, and we'll make live commentary.
Alright, Loki's going to find that, so we'll broadcast that to you a little bit.
What else is new?
Any other Mother's Day things?
What did you guys do for Mother's Day today?
I called my mom on my cell phone driving into his house.
Driving into my house?
I was turning to go down the street to your house and I was on the phone with my mom and I had to hang up with her.
I prefer not to be retarded and drive and talk on my cell phone because I would likely...
I know you do it and I still think it's retarded.
Okay?
I tried to call my mom.
She didn't answer her phone.
I don't think she wants to hear from me today.
But we only talk like once a month, so I mean... Are those your neighbors that I hate?
No.
The ones upstairs?
No.
The ones downstairs.
Oh, poo.
I wish the ones that I hate would move.
I can go kick their door.
No, I'm just kidding.
The ones that I hate?
Yeah, when we met them, they were nice.
The people over there?
Up here.
Yeah, they were...
Anime, it's better than sex Anime, it's better than sex
What's that say?
Sweet.
We're lucky.
It's Sobey Zen here.
Wait, what's mine say?
Hold on.
Mine says... I got Robisobey.
Merchant of the Mekong Delta.
Okay.
I know, isn't it nice when you can get a DWI in like five seconds?
Mine pisses me off, because it's a fucking political reference.
What's it say?
George W. Lizardo...
Some stupid crap.
What?
Yeah, I hate this political crap.
Oh, time for the best song in the world.
Wait, ah, what's this say?
George W. Lizardo, it really does say that.
That's sad.
Alright, let's hear the song.
Loading, loading.
Can you turn it up a little?
Bimani Ruler's V is not the greatest DOI ever.
Neither is his A. Hold on.
We're going to do it again.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Connect the dots.
La, la.
Now loading.
Now loading.
Now maroding.
At least my soapy thing didn't say something about me, Crob.
This is the Bimani Sim's song.
I agree.
I agree.
Pretty much, yeah.
That's debatable.
How would you know?
I don't, I don't, I don't.
That was dumb.
Thank you, yes.
Anyone with the name like Dynamite Rave 68246 Ani is not to be trusted.
Okay, yeah, huh?
All the things she said has been done.
I don't care!
It's a great song!
All the things she didn't say.
My next two DIYs involve poltergeists and pants.
X-Step is the antichrist.
BimaniStyle owns me.
Yes, it's true.
At least 100 seconds is enough time for me to get a sandwich.
Mooglehunter is on speed on possibly every other drug known to man.
The world needs more spontaneous para para dancing.
The background to Zenon is really stupid.
Not every song needs challenge steps.
I'm done.
You know what's funny?
How come we've never had Moogle Hunter on this show?
He freaking lives not too far away.
Yeah, because he's too busy doing drugs, apparently.
And then to quote Dinosaur, when he dies, we'll smoke his ashes.
Who did that song?
Who gets credit for that?
Omnicrash.
He didn't say Oni right.
Yeah, he mispronounced a bunch of words.
He must be Canadian or something.
Is he Canadian?
Because Canadians pronounce things funny.
Yeah, he said like Sakura and DUIs.
Zenon.
I think he's Canadian.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Whenever you make a mistake, just pretend you're Canadian.
I'm Canadian.
Hey, I fucked up.
No one expects you to be smart.
You should put the right emphasis on the correct syllable.
Hey, street blowjobs!
And that guy looks happy because he's thinking about his blowjob that he's getting right then.
Is it attached to his ass?
I'm thinking about the new intro and all the clips from Jamie I can grab.
We get to watch blowjobs.
Because the show just isn't the show without porn Wait, so you actually clicked on a pop-up ad And now we're going to see some street blowjobs This is why you told your mom not to listen That's why she told her mom not to listen Yeah Well, this works Give me street blowjobs Winif sucks my ass That's why you're not supposed to use Winif Did Winif just freeze on you?
Yeah, we'll fix that problem He's a media player That's what I was going to do
In the meantime, I will do a song and dance that none of you will see or hear.
It's in my head.
Beautiful, beautiful.
Rob did a nice dance last night.
Pirouetting across the screen in a tutu.
I have never had so many people yelling at me.
in a tutu.
Come to think of it, I've never worn a tutu before last night.
It wasn't really a tutu, but you should have worn at least the Frank wig or something.
I know, I should have had a wig, but... You were still fabulous.
We were trying to dig up a wig backstage, we couldn't find one.
I mean, we literally pulled that routine out of our ass.
But you know what's ironic?
Do you know where my outfit for last night... They tried to get me up there.
Did they try?
Um, Lindsay tried to get me to be Veronica.
Lindsay doesn't know that you went backstage.
I told her...
Yeah.
So what are you, uh, shopping for?
I'm just trying to browse and stuff, dude.
Yeah.
There you go.
Hey, listen, I'm gonna be honest with you.
Do you want to, uh, be interested in making a little extra money?
Hey, to help you out with your shopping.
Dude, I'm pretty set with my shopping time.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Okay.
Alright then.
Dude, that looks like Arden Fair.
Oh my god, it does!
Now I'm following you.
Kind of looking for some company.
Just wondering if you're interested.
What do I have in mind?
It's almost over.
That's enough time to blow it off.
Oh, but...
So, like, out of that whole thing, there were, like, maybe two seconds of a blowjob.
Dude, you should send that to... Obviously an actress.
You should send that to Evan for a pre-show.
That totally... I look like... I swear to God that's a mall I've been to.
I think it was one in L.A., though.
I reckon... No, this is the sad thing.
This shows you, like, what a queer I am, okay?
I recognize the Campbell's store in the background.
I want my old pop-up blocker back because this one sucks ass.
Yeah.
Hey, while you're on that site, get me the one for Nero.
I already have it.
Okay, for the Nero 5.
Yeah, anyway, what were we talking about before we started talking about sex?
Oh yeah, our moms.
Because without that and our mom, we wouldn't be here today.
Dude, we were having a cool conversation though at that truck stop.
Uh-huh.
That's great.
The Silver Skillet.
Truck stops, blowjobs, and your mom.
Truck stops, blowjobs, and your mom.
Some people we know were likely conceived.
Only on Orange Lounge Radio where you hear truck stops, blowjobs, and your mother all in the same sentence.
We're talking about life being a sexually transmitted fatal disease that's hereditary.
That's the secret of life?
It is a sexually transmitted fatal disease that's hereditary.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
www.DarkSakura.com
Oh, God, that is an old people's store.
I don't know people's stuff.
But, like, you can, if you need to get, you know, like, toothbrushes and all your drugstore needs there, it's really cheap, and you can get prescriptions, they're cheap, too.
If that's the only store where you walk in, and you have lawn furniture, lawn care, you turn the corner, you have herbal, like, stuff, and then you go back around, and you see nothing but prune juice and diapers.
And there's like the whole section dedicated to soy and wild yam products.
For women who need their estrogen.
Spam, spam, spam, spamity spams.
No, wild yam.
Women can take it when they're going through menopause to help with hot flashes.
See, something that none of you people probably knew.
I worked at GNC for a long time.
I needed to know.
Trust me, women, you're going to get through menopause in one day.
Mine's 20 years off.
I'm never having kids either.
Dear Women, this is Jamie's herbal tip of the day.
You smoke the weed, not eat it.
Somebody in the chat room is insinuating that I have that not-so-fresh feeling.
You don't.
I've been feeling a little... I wouldn't say I don't feel not-so-fresh.
I just feel not-so-sleepy.
I think that Frank would have been in a better mood if he had feminine wipes.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Has any of that stuff been washed?
Um, the costumes?
They wash them, they don't wash them every week, but they wash them like once a month.
Okay, because I was going to say, it's probably a good idea.
I do wash my underwear.
Oh, I wasn't talking about your underwear.
I don't care about your underwear.
If you want to wear itchy underwear, you can.
That's your prerogative.
I'm talking about... That's my right as an American.
If I want to wear dirty underwear in public, you can't stop me.
No, we'll buy you panty liners.
Okay.
Hi, neighbors.
Now we know why.
Ran moves in, they move out.
Loki, what are you doing?
I was getting my Acid 4 to work because I upgraded my computer and I'll be talking about that later.
Go A. Oh, are you going to make the A speed remix here?
The A Naoki remix here?
Oh yeah, no, I have to find it on the internet, because I think I know a place where it might be.
He's gonna download it from mbz.com, you know, my bet's owed.
See, I could probably sit on a record and fart out a better remix.
We have a record player, come over here.
I'm not gonna sit on his record player.
I didn't sit on the record player, I sit on the record.
Oh, okay.
You missed movie night last week.
When we watched a trauma movie.
When was movie night?
At Evans.
Oh, what did you guys watch?
I don't know what the name of the movie was.
Well, I don't remember.
But it was one of those trauma movies where they get all these... No, it was Catholic Schoolgirl Hell.
That's the name of the movie?
I think.
Cool.
Where they go into this house, but there were no boobs, and there was, you know, the blood was made out of A1.
But, like, they go in this house, and, like, this little boy goes in first, on there, and he comes out and has a seizure and goes in the hospital.
And then these girls go in, because the man who lived in the house died, and the girls go in to catalog the paintings and things with this nun.
The nun was cool.
I bet, like, that little kid went into a seizure because a priest touched him.
No.
Oh my god, the acting in that was so horrible.
And then, like, no one died cool except for the girl who got caught in a meat hook, but all they showed was her feet with A1 dripping down her feet.
And one girl got electrocuted.
That's cool.
Another one got pulled into the swamp and some guy got run over.
My friend Garrett has this trauma movie, Killer Condom, that he's been trying to get us to watch that for weeks and weeks.
We never seem to get around to watching it.
There's always something better to do, like play poppin' music or something.
But we're going to watch Killer Condom one of these nights.
You'll have to come watch.
I'm sure Garrett would love to have you come over and watch it.
What did you do now?
My headphones are attached to a giant pile of cords.
It's like what Loki's doing right now is pulling out the Christmas tree lights at Christmas time and finding they're just in one giant pile.
You know what?
In my house, that never was an issue because I was evil with the twisty ties.
I always hated pulling out the lights and having them be all tangly.
I would wrap them in a circle and bunch them together and twisty tie them.
You're so anally retentively fun.
I'd bite my ass.
I'll show you anal retentive.
See what happens when you have a steel-toed boot shoved up your butt from kicking?
You'll be coughing up nails.
I don't think I've ever heard you so, like, threatening on this show before.
You're a badass bitch tonight.
I am.
Yes, you are.
I didn't mean that, by the way.
I mean it with puppies.
Wait, you're going to kick puppy in the ass?
No!
What did he do to you?
You're a mean old lady.
No, I'm going to get puppy a puppy.
Are you going to get puppy a puppy?
When he has somewhere he can have a puppy.
That's very nice of you.
I'm sure he appreciates that.
And now we have the little frowny face from Puppy in the chat room as the buffer hits him.
I'm not kicking Puppy.
I like Puppy right there.
No.
Orange Lounge goes to Korea next week.
I didn't go there.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
You did.
Yeah, I did, I did.
Here, have some more hazelnut bites.
Okay, give me.
What are these?
Let's read.
What?
Sorry, Loki's ass.
Oops.
I didn't throw nuts at his ass.
I threw nut cream at his ass.
Let's see.
This is Loker Quadratini Hazelnut Premium Wafer Cookies, and they're filled with hazelnut cream.
They're European.
Number one in Italy.
I got them at the old people's store.
They were $2.00.
They look like old people food.
No, they're international.
If you eat them, you're cultured.
You sure could use it.
I don't feel any culture.
Hey, look.
Hentai done by the guy who did Tenchi.
What is that?
I don't know, but I want to watch it.
Masquerade?
Is that what it's called?
Yeah, I want to finish watching Break-In.
Let's read what Masquerade is about.
Endless passion, insatiable desire.
19-year-old Gen's family... I've watched this one.
Okay, it's about this chick that's going after this one guy because he has, what was it, the essence of permanence or something like that.
I want to watch it.
That was beautiful.
I want to finish watching Break-In.
We were watching Break-In before the show.
We can finish watching Break-In after the show.
But if we start watching Break-In, there's not going to be a show and our listeners will get mad and they'll write us death threats.
No, they won't.
They'll just whine online.
Listen to the cool music.
Yes, lots of cool music.
They can listen along.
What other 80s movies do you love?
Other than Break-In.
Break into Electric Boogaloo I found the sound card!
Did you see how old they were?
I don't think they had too much sex on that bed.
Just because they're old doesn't mean they don't have sex.
Well, that's like 50% of the old people population actually do.
What the fuck am I talking about?
That's a lot of old people having sex.
I'm weird.
You know, you're really pulling down the quality of this show.
That's what interns are supposed to do.
All I did was sat there and just said everything you guys said over and over again.
So you guys talked about the truck stop, some others, and the blowjobs, and how we were all bored at truck stops or something like that.
But it's cool when we do it.
Fine.
Go download more blowjobs.
Go hang out at a truck stop.
Wow.
Wow.
I think now is a good time to take a break.
No?
What are you doing?
Oh, no.
Okay.
Let's see here.
Is this going to sound like something Twin did?
Maybe.
He downloaded it, Rob.
He downloaded it.
Download it, yes.
Off of LBZ.com.
I have to fix something because, hold on.
Oh, I'll play it after the break.
Okay, so we're going to, this is something to look forward to.
Is it the Naoki remix?
Did Naoki do some pew-pews in this song and stuff?
No, Paul Terry did.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, we'll hear that.
We have that to look forward to after the break.
When we come back from the break, we're going to talk about B3, we're going to talk about E3, or we're going to talk about G4.
Play Liar Liar
We haven't done that in a long time, so we'll talk about Pump It Up.
That might be fun.
We'll be back in a little bit.
Enjoy.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Thanks for watching!
I don't need you, cause the truth is Got my hands full of fascities But I want you, gonna put you At the very, very top of my list Yeah, I want you, gonna have you
Thank you for watching!
Mr. Random Person on the Street, who, by the way, is not an actor, what do you think of the Orange Dance Band lighting music in Morse Show?
The music is like being transported to just this dancing spaceship place.
It's unearthly.
It's like being at a club, except you don't have to actually ask someone to dance.
Hello, you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We need to find that movie again.
That thing was freaking hilarious.
It was pretty funny.
I remember it was on Konami's official site, I think.
Yeah, it was linked from there somewhere.
So, Loki, did you finish downloading your A remix?
Yeah, I had to figure out what I did.
I had to figure out what I did because I had to plug in my headphones just to make sure that it was the right copy, you know.
So I had to hook it back up.
It'll just take one second.
Alrighty.
Come on!
Anyone seen any good movies lately?
Um, no.
Have you not seen X2 yet?
No.
No, not yet?
I'll take you later.
When?
Because I want to go see it again.
I don't know.
But then The Matrix is coming out and I have to go see that too.
So I don't know.
Because I want to go see X2 again for Iceman.
Hey, I'm going for my fuzzy elf.
Nightcrawler Nightcrawler
When they were cool.
Yeah, we need to go see.
Alan Cumming as Nightcrawler?
Oh, he's great.
Fabulous.
Did he keep him coming and coming and coming?
Yes, he kept us coming.
Alright.
So take me tomorrow.
Now, now, now, I don't know if this is a fake one because, you know, I got it off of MGZ and, you know, but I know that they're very reliable with, you know, all these breaking, you know, songs just like M, you know, from Taka.
They were the first to have it.
So, um...
Here we go with A. It's a remix by Naoki.
I mean, it's amazing.
This guy is just remixing shit left and right.
This is going to be in one of the Night Style Expert Courses, right?
Oh, an exclusive Night Style Oni Challenge Mode Hidden Basic Expert Song.
Do it, Loki.
Do it all night.
Oh, this is fucking great.
I love that drum beat.
There's gonna be some mean scratches.
Oh, ow, oh, that's a cool part.
Oh, yeah, that was a freeze right there.
Yeah, but they're going to have exclusive freezes in Night Style.
We have to turn the turntable over and over and over again.
Oh, this is going to be some mean key presses right here.
I bet you this is going to be the first eight-star song.
Oh, this is great.
Wow.
An Orange Lounge Radio exclusive.
You know, I wonder if somebody submitted that to the Bomani-style remix contest.
If not, I think we need to do it on their behalf.
You know what?
I don't really think that was knocky.
I think that it was good cool.
You know what's sad?
My sound card sucks ass and is brand new.
I am so... I'll leave it for later.
I gotta make a list.
Yeah, I can do that.
Your sound card is number one in Italy.
You know what?
Your sound card is the sexiest bean tadpole on the planet.
I hope somebody got that joke.
Your house is hot.
You know what?
I think we ought to enter that remix and say it's twin, and I bet people would believe it.
No, because Twen's not talented enough to put another beat behind it.
I bet he's listening.
You want to say hello?
Hi, Twen!
With love, Orange Lawns Radio, XXOO.
I'm still, like, getting back in the chat room.
That was a good laugh.
We're having a day on Orange Lounge Radio.
This is so different being here.
I'm like sitting on a couch.
I was laying down on the couch.
You have a vanilla Coke?
I have a vanilla Coke?
It's gone.
Shit!
The vanilla Coke jumped out and attacked my phone.
I thought there was still stuff in it.
Rob, you need a trash can by your computer.
Well, I can get up and walk to the kitchen.
I am capable.
But you'd rather not.
I'd say next break we open the door to let air out.
Yeah, we can open the window to let air out.
To let air out in here.
Or we just turn on the fan.
Save electricity, open the door.
Anyway.
Oh, they're saying in the chat room that we were dissing Italy.
We weren't.
We were reading it off a bag of cookies.
Yeah.
This bag of cookies is number one in Italy.
We need to get the webcam.
No, we don't need the webcam hooked up.
We need a scanner.
I'll scan this when I get home and put it up.
We'll figure out something creative with the webcam.
I think what we're going to do is we're going to have the webcam and we'll just put it in the corner and point it at a wall.
Oh my God, it really is written in Italian.
And Chinese.
Yeah, don't open it now.
And... Holy crap, it's written in Hebrew.
I kid you not.
The stuff about the cookies is written in Hebrew.
Look.
Can you read it for us?
Fuck no.
Well, as we promised, there's many things coming up this week that's exciting.
E3 being the big one that's on everybody's minds.
The Electronic Entertainment Expo, or maybe I got that backwards.
I don't really give a shit, because I'm not going.
And Jamie, unfortunately, isn't going.
I could have.
She has that job thing going on.
Zero is not going.
And Loki is not going either.
But Dan always brings back new stuff for you guys.
Well, he hasn't been there before we did from that manager meeting he went to.
But E3 is going to be like this big fat deal, and we're going to get a lot of Imani news next week, which is interesting because we don't really have a show next Sunday.
No.
But in two weeks we'll be back with episode number 45, our season 3 premiere, and we will have lots to talk about from E3 because in those two weeks there's going to be so much news it's going to make you cry.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I'm going to ask him to record a bunch of the stuff on the Bimani things for me.
And Metal Gear Solid 3 is going to be a big thing too.
Oh my god, that was cool.
Because the trailer's out now.
There's also the new Metal Gear Solid for the GameCube that they're coming out with.
I don't know why I love my GameCube.
My GameCube is my favorite system now, and I would buy that on the GameCube.
They said it was like Metal Gear Solid, the first one's story with the second one's graphics.
That would be cool.
That's what it's supposed to be.
I want to know more about that Final Fantasy game they're doing for GameCube.
I hope it doesn't suck.
Please don't suck.
Please don't suck.
And Mario Kart Double Dash.
Oh, yeah.
Squeenix is back with Nintendo.
And I bet you they're going to show a lot of Final Fantasy XI stuff at E3.
Although it's already out in Japan.
You know what?
My demo disc needs to hurry up and get to my house.
Will you have a demo disc of it coming?
Well, I signed up for the beta.
Ah.
And I'm to be a beta tester for the PC version.
And I have a feeling that I'm going to get it because I've at least played every game out except for XI.
And...
That and I've beta tested a bunch of other stuff, so I'm pretty sure to get it.
And Dan signed up for the PS2 one.
Cool.
I'm just pissed, though, because I was thinking of getting the Japanese one when it came out, except that it would have been really expensive for me, because I would have had to get an external hard drive for my PS2, because I have a first model Japanese one.
$200-something dollars still, and I refuse to shop at BuyRite, because they suck.
I was telling my friend Garrett about your Buy Right experiences because he thinks they suck too.
They did something to him that pissed him off.
They really suck a big ass.
Never shot from Buy Right.
I know.
Would you explain this to me?
I kind of know what it is, but I thought our listeners might benefit.
The difference between, because I know this is your beef with Buy Right, the difference between buying a game that's Asia and buying a game that's Japan.
There's really not a difference in the game itself, but when you get your manual, it's going to be written all in, I think it's Mandarin Chinese, as opposed to being written in Japanese.
And for me it was a big thing because I would have at least a chance of reading a Japanese manual instead of one written in Chinese.
And the other thing is that I could have gone to YesAsia and gotten it for $30 cheaper.
Instead, I paid more, and there it went.
But I see that a lot.
Like, I was looking around at stuff on NCSX the other night, and they have Asia, Japan.
They have it pretty clearly defined, the differences between the two when you're buying them.
So that's why it's good to shop at NCSX.
Yes.
But I was just, you know, I was kind of curious what the difference is, and, you know, I thought maybe our listeners could benefit from that, too.
They should just never shop from BuyRight.
And also, if you sign up for their mailing list at all.
Because somehow they signed me up for it when I emailed a question.
Okay.
I've submitted so many times.
Threaten legal action because you can actually sue them for that.
And they haven't removed me so I blocked.
That's part of the reason why my DarkSakura mail is blocked.
But I'm actually going to get on the line one day and call them and tell them that if they do not remove my name for their mailing list that I am going to press charges.
And I will.
You know, that's going to be a law in California pretty soon about the whole you can sue them for $500 or something like that.
It's crazy.
And you get $100 of that?
I'm sorry, you get the state to give them a fine.
The state can fine them for that and you get $100 of that.
That's awesome.
All the spam lists?
Uh-huh.
Uh-uh.
I'm going to save every last one of them.
I'll be rich.
C3 and D3 C4 blew up C3
B3 is this weekend and that's at Pier 39 in San Francisco.
Huge, huge DDR tournament is going to be taking place.
There's people coming in from Seattle, SoCal.
It's like the... Oh, Jamie's ringing.
Jamie's ringing.
Anyway, moving on to a discussion about B3.
B3 is going to be this huge-ass tournament that's going on, and it's taking place in San Francisco on Pier 39, and they're having four or five competitions.
It's Perfect Attack, Freestyle, Dance Maniacs, and B-Mania 3.
I think there was something else going on.
I probably forgot.
But you can get onto DDR Freak and check the official tournament thread for more information on that.
and we will be broadcasting to you that weekend on Saturday for sure.
Sunday, hopefully, if we can get it to work out.
I just received some news we might not be able to get it to work out, but hopefully we do.
But we'll be coming to you all day long on Saturday for sure.
And we're going to have a really good location from what I understand.
Do you want to say anything to the listeners?
Wait, wait, one second.
Say it one more time on the count of three, okay?
One, two, three.
Hi.
I could barely hear it, yes.
Can you say it louder one more time?
One, two, wait, wait, Dan, Dan, one more time.
One, two, three.
Orange Lounge Radio rocks!
Very good, very good.
Thank you, Dan.
I love you.
Bye.
That was my Dan.
That was Jamie's Dan.
My microphone's really loud now.
Where were we?
Yes, B3, all those competitions.
We're going to have a really good location Saturday from what I understand.
That's going to be awesome.
You can't freaking... Are they going to feed us?
I don't know.
I don't think they're going to feed us, but I hear we get other perks, but I can't say what those are yet, but I'll tell you off air.
There's some cool things.
So we get free manservants.
Oh.
We have intern zero.
We don't need another manservant.
I'm talking about naked menservants.
I'm talking about harem men.
Well, maybe we can talk puppy or something into being a manservant.
I don't want puppy to be a harem man.
I want my harem man to...
We need to have, like, incest on the trailer.
We're the Orange Lounge radio people.
We're celebrity staff.
We need people coming to our booth asking for autographs.
And we go, sorry, no time, no time.
See my publicist.
Call me.
We'll do lunch.
Blah, blah, blah.
I'm still thinking about auctioning off my bat.
At the tournament?
Maybe we should auction off my bat at the tournament.
Aren't you going to be sad to see that go?
Yes, I will.
How could I ever consider getting rid of my beloved bat?
Dude, they're moving tables now.
Bye, neighbors!
Oh, we already have people in the chat room claiming dibs on the orange bat.
So maybe look forward to that.
Maybe we'll do a silent auction for my bat.
Are we giving away door prizes?
Don't know?
Maybe.
Hopefully a few.
We at least have that one box of stuff, right?
The one that you wanted to... I think we should do a silent auction for the orange bat.
Okay, so you're thinking about signing an auction for your bat?
You should do one for yours.
We should auction off your bat too, signed by us.
We could do that.
The hosts.
And then you and I have to go get new bats.
Okay, so we'll do it, and then we can enter and do a routine.
At the biggest tournament in NorCal.
No!
Okay, so we're probably going to do a silent auction for Jamie's bat and my bat.
So that's something to look forward to.
We are going to be giving away some door prizes.
We don't know how many, but we're going to be giving away some.
So stop by our table.
Maybe we'll do like a random drawing or something.
Like, come get interviewed on the show and get a ticket in the drawing.
Maybe we'll do something like that.
That'll be fun.
And yeah, so definitely look for us.
But except it can't just be come be interviewed on the show.
Like, we have to interview them and ask them really humiliating questions.
I just remembered that one question on the sex quiz.
I'll ask Travis if maybe we can borrow the sex quiz, if he wouldn't mind.
Shrimping.
Rusty trombone.
Take the sex quiz, win a DVD, maybe?
Maybe.
Take the sex quiz, get spanked by Rob.
Bring a paddle.
with the heart on the little saddle.
Since we'll be in Frisco, you know, a date with Rob in the Castro.
That could be a prize.
I hate the Castro.
There's like one or two good stores there, but the rest of it is dirty.
It's a dirty place.
It really is.
Dirty!
It's dirty.
Ew.
Ew.
Why is Jack's head green?
I don't get it.
Ew.
That looks like a big bottle of snot with a hat on it.
Puppy had a great idea.
We can get Violent Hypergirl to bring her whip again.
Ooh!
We can see if we can borrow one out of the... What the hell?
...cast supply.
Creative Labs has every single version of the Sound Blaster listed on their site, except the one I have.
What is up with that?
They have the basic Sound Blaster Live, and then mine is Sound Blaster Live 5.1, okay?
They have Sound Blaster Live 5.1 MP3+, and Sound Blaster Live 5.1 Gamer, but no Sound Blaster... Go to Download.com.
I'm going to put my old sound card in because this one sucks ass.
My old card never gave me problems and my old motherboard never gave me problems too.
Fucking fries.
The chat room is suggesting that I cosplay Mr. Spanky for B3.
And you know what's scary is I have seen that exact thing that Mr. Spanky wears in a leather store in San Francisco on Folsom Street.
So I could go buy it.
We'll do an exhibition.
Oh, Exhibitionism.
Dr. Dick does an Exhibitionism.
That's an exciting idea.
But I have to find some big fur coat and some shiny shirts and things like that.
I'll have to go shopping at some gay stores this week and see what I can find.
I should buy my costume at Naughty and Nice.
Dr. Dick in Mantis.
We'll get you a school uniform.
Dead End Dead End
We could do it to something like 511.
That would be funny.
Too bad Flourish for Albion isn't in there.
I know.
Cry.
I've got my addiction back.
What?
Ragnarok Online is free once more.
Is it?
I think I see Justin in our chat room has been playing that a lot too.
Yeah, he's in my party.
Oh, cool.
I've been helping him gain levels because I am so happy because I have a plus five stiletto now.
And that means in English?
That means I can kill things faster and have them kill me less.
Cool.
If there was this one critter, it would take me a whole life bar to kill and now I can kill five of them.
Very nice.
Congratulations.
I'm a nerd.
and so on.
So we thought we'd talk to you, we thought Loki and I would talk to you about what we've seen on G4, what's cool and what sucks.
Okay, what's cool, first off, best show on all of G4, Starrcade.
Starrcade rocks.
Old School Game Show from 83, where they play video games like Pac-Man and Pango and Pole Position, and they win video games.
They win arcade machines.
Hands down the best show on G4.
Okay, now what sucks about G4, Loki?
Well, actually, there's one more good show on there.
It's called Electric Play or something like that.
It's where they review only action games.
It's pretty cool.
They do these little skit things that are kind of funny.
Oh, yeah.
Those are mildly entertaining.
Now, what really sucks, this one show, Portal, is the gayest show I've ever seen.
Seriously, this guy that looks like... Wait a minute, gayer than queerest folk?
Yes, it's pretty bad.
It's like, okay, this guy is like, I would say he's pretty much like the gamer version of Blue's Clues.
Okay, this guy is just sitting there talking to nobody, except for this imaginary computer thing that's supposedly in the studio that talks to him about...
really stupid things and they're making it sound all high-tech and cool and all he does is he talks about different like cities and towns and stuff they're in online games then they do this stupid little like skit where they have these people walking around or whatever in like online games and they're like making them talk you know dubbing over their voices and doing little stories it's really retarded it is just dumb it's damn awful
Yeah, that game sucks.
Dumbass.
Nick Arcade
Yeah, and also what really sucks is they've got these stupid commercials where they show the Twin Galaxies world records for like these two games.
Two games.
They have like, that's old school Orange Lounge topics right there talking about Twin Galaxies and their old DDR...
What was number one?
Legend of Zelda
I forget what number two was.
It was another series.
Guardian Legend was better.
Another series.
Guardian Legend wasn't on the list.
Those bastards.
At all.
Was E.T.
on there?
No.
What about Custer's Revenge?
No.
No, what else?
There was a few that were really stupid that beat up other ones.
Grand Theft Auto was under...
I can't remember.
There's just a lot of really dumb games on the list.
Maybe I could find that list online somewhere.
Maybe it's on G4.
I'll see if I can find it.
Keep talking about G4 while I look for this list.
Then they have these stupid intimate moments with Lara Croft where there's this guy talking to her and it's just really retarded.
I mean, this guy is talking to this chick that's supposedly next to him and he's not making a play at all.
I mean, what a loser.
There's going to be some...
You know, intimate moments, I wanna see some intimate moments, I wanna see this, hi, don't you hate it that people think that, you know, you're unintelligent and stuff, da da da da da, he should be like, bitch, get down on my lap, you know, stuff like that, cause I mean, I don't know, it's just really awful.
Really awful TV, and then they have these stupid screenshots they do of different games and stuff, and that was awful, and it's programmed cheats, it gives you codes for games that are way old, and it's just a lot of waste of TV.
No, one thing I think is pretty good is that Judgment Day one, because I like the one dude who's just got a total jackass attitude towards every game, even if it's good, he's like a total prick about it.
and that other guy said to their well no actually I thought it was a pretty good game is all no this game is the crap and just starts going off on them without cussing them out it's pretty good you know I can't find a list of that top 100 games of all time but that whole thing is on tonight and it starts at 9.30 with part 1 see then you gotta watch it no if you if you just watch the last episode they basically cover everything that was on there so just watch the last episode screw the rest filter's pretty good too
So, we've talked about G4, we talked about B3, and we talked about E3, so that's everything we said we'd talk about, yes?
It's all the letter number combinations that we need.
Yes.
Are you about to fall asleep, Jamie?
We need to do fuck you's of the week.
Do you want to do the cage match now or do you want to do fuck you's now?
Huh?
You want to do fuck... Excuse you!
I'm just kidding.
We'll take a quick break and we'll come back and do the fuck you's of the week.
So why don't you go ahead and send those to me in the chat room.
Hello, I'm Sky.
I'm sitting in the chat room right now.
Huh?
Play Angry Thing.
I'm going to play some... I'm going to play... Wait.
There's quite a difference between those.
Jamie says play show tunes.
What songs are show tune-ish?
My god, I don't know what songs those are.
Can I play angry songs?
I can find those easier.
Okay, I have to... Play all tack?
Alright, we'll take a tack break.
We'll take a tic-tac break.
And then we'll be back.
Yes, we will.
I have to find some tack stuff first.
Hold on.
Okay, yes.
We're going to play some tack, and then we'll be back.
So send those FUs to me.
I'm Skye.
Tag and bet.
I'm in the chat room as Sky.
If you aren't in our chat room, you should be.
Get your ass over there.
Go over to www.calibermani.com, click on Orange Lounge, and then click on Chat.
And while you're at calibermani.com, visit our forums.
What?
You said chat.
Maybe I did.
Can we have a little clip of the AMIX one more time?
Loki, just a little clip.
Just a little bit.
Beautiful.
What?
New one?
Okay, okay, you're lame.
Alright, we'll be back after this quick break.
Send me your FUs of the week and we'll read those.
Oh yeah, we forgot to talk about Pump It Up.
I guess we'll do that later too.
Pump It Up is Korean.
We'll be back.
We'll talk about Pompadour a little later.
We're teasing it so that you have to keep listening.
Quit playing crap so I can play the break music.
We'll be back.
What the fuck is this?
Um, what's this?
Stoic.
Oh.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
Thanks for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Extreme Bobani Radio.
That's us.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi, we are back now.
Whoops, sorry about that.
We're having some technical difficulties there.
Loki and I are trying to share our computers here, and it's fucking things up.
But we're back.
Yay!
Yay.
I'm so excited that we're back.
I'm so excited, and I just can't hide it.
Let's see.
Jamie, let's talk about Pump It Up, because Sharon wanted us to talk about Pump It Up.
It's Korean.
We haven't in a while.
It's Korean.
What do you think?
Do you like it?
Do you hate it?
I like it, but it's Korean.
What's that mean?
It's Korean.
Okay.
I hated the version that was at New York, New York.
It was in Vegas.
Oh my god.
Well, first of all, the stage was so messed up.
It kept going past the song I wanted because every time you stepped on it, it would hit two.
And there were like a bajillion songs in the game.
It was like one of the last ones out.
And then I couldn't find the songs I wanted.
It took me forever to find Run To You.
and then it would automatically put you into another difficulty.
It sucked.
But I mean, I like Pump It Up, though.
I hate playing Caution on Pump It Up, though.
Because it's so slow.
My thoughts on Pump It Up, I absolutely hated the game when I first played it, and I'll tell you why.
The interface sucks.
on all versions because they don't you have to use your feet to move around it's too slow I mean I like on DDR you can really fastly throw through the songs even on fourth mix you can move through the songs a hell of a lot faster than you can and pump it up and that just pisses me off I shouldn't have to stand there for five minutes trying to select my song I know you can
I mean, so whatever.
But other than that, it's alright.
I mean, the videos in the back are pretty cool.
The one to take on me was the best.
Some of the songs are pretty cool.
I really like some of the songs in Pump It Up.
I like the big screen.
I think it takes a lot of crap, but its really horrible interface hurts it a lot more than it really should.
I think a lot of people are just turned off by the... it's just not easy to use.
Imagine if we had DVR on a big screen like that.
It'd be pretty.
No, it doesn't.
Pump It Up does not suck.
Why do you think Pump It Up sucks, Zero?
Well...
Well, one reason why I think it absolutely sucks is the interface does suck.
I mean, I can play this, I can play the game, and there's a couple good songs that I like.
When half the other songs are trash, the damn thing takes forever to load after a song.
I gotta stand there for 45 seconds just to take 30 seconds to pick a song.
I don't really like playing diagonal instead of up and down, left and right.
You know what, though?
The diagonal thing, for some reason, it makes freestyling a lot more natural.
Because it makes you freestyle.
Yeah, but I think that's kind of cool.
That's one thing I like about Pump It Up.
Yeah, I think that's the point.
I mean, I think DDR could actually use maybe some type of the style of the videos that are in Pump It Up on some.
And there's some that are horrible, but I think that there's a lot of...
Ideas DDR can take from Pump?
Same thing would Pump could take from DDR.
Like, yeah, having just an easier interface, being able to choose your songs quicker, and possibly changing their hardware so that you don't have to stand around for a month.
Isn't a Pump It Up machine just a big computer inside that box?
That's what I heard.
It's just a big PC in there.
They could have changed that if they really wanted to.
Would have been a little bit easier for everyone else.
I've played a game that's worse, though.
What?
God, I can't remember the name of it.
It was put out by Jaleco.
Technomotion?
Not Technomotion.
No, what it is, they have one at this bowling alley I went to in Hayward.
But it's got three monitors.
The middle monitor is the videos, and it looks like one of those make-your-own-video things.
Huh.
Where people are doing really crappy dances and wearing really crappy clothes.
But it's got, like, you know how Samba de Amigo, how your maraca places are set up?
Well, it's like that on the floor.
And you do your steps like that, and there are different colors that tells you where to go.
God, what's that game called?
It's by Jaleco.
Do a search.
Weird.
Do a search real quick.
Hold on just a sec because I'm queuing up some other stuff for later in the show.
I missed playing Technomotion.
They have one at Excalibur.
I missed playing it.
Thank you for bringing that up, Loki.
What's cooler than Pump It Up is the game that the same company made called Dance Station 3DDX.
And Amiro?
Yeah, and Amiro.
The way it looks is so cool because instead of the arrows that are set in...
You know how the buttons are kind of sunk into the pad a little bit?
Well, the way 3DDX is, and the same thing with Easy To Dancer, is it's a big black panel that's over the whole thing, and then different areas of it light up, so it's a big flat panel.
So it kind of makes finding the buttons a little harder, but it kind of adds to the challenge of the game.
Well, in 3DDX, not only that, but there's para-like sensors all around the sides, so you have to wave your arms, too, to play.
It's awesome.
And it has such songs as Jenny in a Bottle...
That game makes you freestyle.
I gotta adjust the volume on this one.
Yes, that game makes you freestyle.
I don't talk very loud.
Here, look, if you want to... You can use this one, Loki.
Don't change it too much.
What was I looking for?
Shoot.
Hey, they're number one in Italy.
Okay, so are we about ready for the FUs of the week?
Sure.
Why not?
Here we go.
Jamie, you know what to do.
My first one, my first F.U.
of the week goes to being tired and not sleeping.
My other one goes toward my poor, poor body for being sore after Rocky last night.
And, I don't know, I'm not really all that angsty.
Gasp.
Well, there's the usual, like, the idiot drivers and driving here to do the show.
I'm driving to South Sac and went up here.
Love you, Jamie.
He got me food, so he's forgiven.
I was teasing anyway.
One of them goes to, well, I love my fiance a whole lot, but he ate a whole box of live cereal and I didn't get any.
Was it Cinnamon Life?
Because Cinnamon Life is the best.
Cinnamon Life sucks.
It's normal.
If he ate the whole box of Cinnamon Life, that is a crime.
That's okay.
I found another box, though.
Because I bought the other two for five.
Cinnamon Life is the best.
I hate Cinnamon Life.
I hate Cinnamon Life.
What is wrong with you?
Normal.
Thank you.
Cinnamon Life tastes like shit.
I like the normal one.
I don't like oddly flavored cereals.
I like Cracklin' Oat Bran.
I'll put it that way.
I like Grape Nuts.
I like Total.
When I was a little kid, I ate adult cereals.
And I hate marshmallows.
Fuck marshmallows, okay?
Because they're nasty.
And, um... I guess that's it.
Yeah.
I'm tired.
Fuck being tired.
Blech.
Next.
Let's move on to Loki, although I'm very scared because he made a list.
Cool.
I still think this thing is too loud.
Anyways, um... I know.
Okay.
Um, see, first FU is gonna go to my sound card, because while it being new, it skips when I play stuff, as you heard earlier with that exclusive remix.
Um...
I don't know what's wrong with it.
It's pissing me off because I'm looking on their site to find drivers and they don't have any drivers for this car because the car doesn't exist according to their site, which is also really annoying.
So I have to find drivers for this somewhere.
I'm thinking that's probably what the problem is for it.
So I have you in my sound card because it sucks.
Also, since we're on the subject of that, I have you in my motherboard because, you know, I got this nice motherboard and processor combo.
It's supposed to be an AMD 2200.
Well, it's supposed to be, you know, running about, you know, 2 gigahertz or whatever.
It's running at 135.
My old processor was faster than that.
So I basically paid $300, or no, $150 for a downgrade.
Thank you, Fries.
You can suck ass.
Let's see here, let's also talk about old people.
I had an encounter with this really old bag that was
at the, at release, and I was just waiting in line to get some, you know, Chinese food, and she's pushing her car, oh, I'm, oh, cutting right in front of us, and then stupid Chinese lady, what's happened, she freaking, you know, goes, and talks, what do you want, what do you want, what do you want,
And so, I'm sitting here going, yeah, I guess we don't need lines, and this stupid bitch in front of me started saying, well, and I just totally tuned her out then, and I was just like, okay, not talking to you because you're ugly, and then, um,
So, you know, F you this stupid old bitch because she didn't even know what she wanted and here I'm just waiting here going, come on, come on, come on, come on, move, move, move, move, come on, come on, come on, you're old, come on, move.
So, wasted like a good extra half an hour than I really needed.
Yeah, so now, um, also, and F you to, um, stupid drivers.
Goddammit, there's this road down here and everyone backs up because they want no turn, because they backs up a good, like, you know, half a mile, so people want a turn.
Well, these stupid people don't really, oh, I have to get in that lane to turn?
Is that why all the people are there?
So they stop in the middle of your lane trying to turn over and won't move out of the way.
Then I had another jackass when I went to McDonald's yesterday who was checking his food in the middle of the parking lot.
Direct middle of the parking lot.
I couldn't go around him because he was sitting in the way.
And he was just kind of going, I just got my stupid hamburger.
So, F you that.
F you to the people on Ain't It Cool News for giving away the ending of The Matrix.
They keep trying to read reviews on stuff, and they keep giving away the ending of The Matrix, and it's like sneaking up on me.
I keep finding out more stuff I don't want to know about it, and it's really annoying.
But I only have four more days until I get to go see the movie, which reminds me, my girlfriend doesn't really want to go, so I have an extra ticket if anyone wants to go with me.
Okay.
We'll see.
Um, uh, let's see here, and... It's at 545.
That's the only thing.
You have to run over there.
Oh, that's cool.
Okay.
Um, and then, uh, F you to my website, cause it's gone.
It's gone for good.
Bye-bye.
No site.
It's gone.
My hosting died, and I'm not gonna pay for hosting, and it saves me time that way.
So I don't have to work on my website anymore.
It's gone.
So what?
Um, and guess what?
You know, you can just find your stupid files anywhere else on the web, because I'm not responsible for doing your searching for you.
I don't give a shit anymore, you know, because you don't do anything, you don't help me out, so, um...
You can consider it bastard.
You can go ahead and find your files on the web like I do and spend time like I do.
And you know what?
It builds character.
You know, the hard work.
It builds character.
The hard work.
So if you want a huge sim collection like mine, you can go suck ass because you're never going to find it because most files are off the internet.
So ha!
I laugh at you.
I have a large collection and you do.
I have a large collection and you do.
So, yeah.
And, um...
Yeah, I have Asian porn.
Yeah, that's cool.
But, um... Yeah, I think it's Asian porn because it's censored.
That sucks.
They have hot Asian chicks in there, like, all blocky.
Looks like a mosaic is attacking them.
That's not cool.
What do you have to say to those that say that the point of Leech from Loki is to, in fact, Leech from Loki?
The point is that I left space for people to put files up so that people can leech from my site but no one put any files up.
And for that you must die.
For that, you must die.
And I know the whole purpose of the GIF files, but really all the files I had on there I got from DDRUK anyways, so go get them from them.
Shit, this is like... What?
Seriously, Bomani Sims at DDRUK is pretty much where I got all my files.
There wasn't anything new on there yet.
I mean, I was planning on it, I just never got around to it.
So now I have more time to make cool files.
I mean, you should think of it as an advantage, because you get to see my files anyways.
You have more time to remix.
Yeah, well, yeah, if the sound card works.
Okay, I'm done.
Alright, you're done.
My turn.
Let me think.
What are some things I want to give an FU to?
My first FU goes to my erratic sleeping schedule because I was a half hour late to work on Friday because I overslept.
That sucks.
But what's funny is that was the very last day of my old job because I just got a promotion at work so I started a new job tomorrow.
But on Friday I was a half hour late and that really doesn't look good to show up a half hour late your last day.
No.
Oops.
And then I slept 12 hours last night.
That was exciting.
So an F you to that.
For me being lazy.
Yeah, I guess that's my F you.
God, I'm such an asshole.
F you to Loki, because he was a real dick in that last F you of the week.
You know what?
What?
I'd be less of a dick if...
No.
If your roommate wasn't such a prick, what?
My roommate cleaned up after him sometimes.
Hey, hey, hey.
I don't like where you're going with that.
No, hey, honestly.
I don't understand how... Not the nitpick or anything, but... Oh, dear.
What the hell do you do in the bathroom that gets water all over the counter?
I mean, I swear, like, I pick up my stuff on the counter and it's, like, floating.
I'm like, shit, man.
I have no idea.
I'll keep track of that.
Okay.
Probably shaving.
Actually, I have that problem with Dan.
because after he gets out of the bathroom for some reason there's an inch of water on the floor and an inch of water on the sink
and I have to grab toilet paper and wipe down the sink.
That's why in my bathroom, even if I get a little bit lax with cleaning off the counter, there's always this spotless ring around the sink from where I've wiped off the pools of water.
And it's like, ugh.
Rob, you need to clean up.
It's probably from shaving.
And I probably just don't notice it because I'm in such a hurry in the morning.
But I will try to be more conscious of it in the future.
I'm going to get you dust wipes and an electric static duster.
For what?
For your computer area.
I can go to the dollar store and get you an electrostatic duster What else do I have in FU2?
FU2, not getting laid in a long long time, that really sucks And I guess that's it
There was Jamie's little frown face for me, thank you.
Her little unsympathetic loud face.
I found out something.
What?
The girl who was the Onee-san in Battle Royale, she's the voice actor for Asuka in Evangelion.
Wonderful.
Your useless trivia fact of the day.
I was hoping you'd say that she's like a porn star or something, but, you know, that totally threw me off.
Yeah, let's move on.
Zero, do you have any FUs today?
Um, mine pretty much stem from my little trip to Rain World on Friday.
These were actually pretty good, too.
Um, one, I was wearing a new shirt, actually the one I got now.
And for those of you who can't read it, it says, um, warning, the person wearing this, um, shirt has been known to make a pass at almost anyone.
If I don't hit on you, there is only one explanation, you ugly.
So, um, I go, I'm standing in line after, uh, just waiting to get on a ride, and this lady starts smoking in front of me, right?
And I'm sitting here thinking, first of all, we are in an enclosed area, which means you're not supposed to be smoking.
And I didn't say that, I just kept to myself.
And then I told my, uh, my friends who were with me, I said, you know, this is, like, really annoying.
And she turns around and, like, screams at me, I don't give a fuck, I can smoke all the fuck I want, blah blah blah.
And I said, okay, that's great, I'll just... Actually, no, she can't.
I know she can't because she's in an enclosed area.
And, um, and there's a security guard sitting next to me, and I told him, and he told her to put it out, and she wouldn't put it out.
And then she decided to yell at me about my shirt and saying, what, am I not attractive?
And I looked at her and I said, no.
And she was all, your shirt's very offensive, and I said, your smoking's very offensive.
And all your little running around bratty-ass kids are offensive.
And your face is offensive at that point in which you decided to try to storm on me and then the security guards grabbed her and ejected her from the park.
That is how you do it!
And, uh... No, and then I have to say fuck you to all the people at Marine World who can't obviously run a fucking ride right.
Every time something comes in, oh, we're having technical difficulties, so you're gonna have to wait for another 45 minutes.
They need, like, pot-smoking Cartys.
And once you, like, do crank and... The Cartys will make a ride work if it doesn't work.
They don't care, they'll put you on it.
But, so yeah, I ended up spending, like, two hours in this one line waiting for a stupid ride, and I was, like, two cars just waiting to go, and I ended up standing there just because I didn't really want to walk and wait in another line.
Um, but still, fuck you to them for being assholes when you ask them what's wrong.
They're like, I don't know, I just pushed the buttons.
Stupid bastards.
And then, um, fuck you to the people... What the hell?
They're right.
Anyways, fuck you to the people who said that all... Apparently, we up in Sacramento are all known...
to absolutely suck at DDR.
We're the worst DDR.
Yeah, we're the worst DDR players in the world, okay?
Because other people say it, it's true.
Well, I know, but they decided to try to tell me this as I go down there and I mess around on the fourth bus machine, which works perfectly, that's the best place ever.
Yeah, I mean, I'm thinking, what, March Madness, what, three or four of the top 16 were from Sacramento?
Yeah, we suck.
We're the worst in the world, don't worry.
So anyways, they decide to come up to me, oh, where do you play at?
And I said, I'm from up in Sacramento and all.
You guys suck, and I'm like...
Okay, whatever.
And then they're like, you know, I'm from LA, this other guy's from over here, and we all hang out all the time.
And I'm like, okay, that's great.
No, well, how good are you?
I'm like, I'm okay, I guess.
And they're all, oh, well, this is our best player over here, some little 16-year-old friggin' pimply-faced bastard.
And they're all, well, let's have a dance-off.
And I'm like, what?
First off, first off, first off, anyone that calls it a dance-off...
Okay, you should have known right there that... Well, yeah.
Okay, I mean, I'm gonna say... I need not say no more.
The kid was pretty good, I guess.
I mean, he did play really well, but I mean, for them to sit there and just tell me, just get done telling me how much I suck, and then want to challenge me.
Because of where you're from.
Yeah, you know.
Not because they've never seen you play.
Just because of where you're from.
And not to mention, their extremes sucked at that point, because the unlocks were up to sync, and that was it.
So none of the really good songs had been unlocked.
And then, um, so they said, alright, we do best two out of three games, and blah blah, I'm like, fine, alright.
So, we did the first two rounds, the first two games were PA, and surprisingly I beat them, because I never thought I was that good at PA, and I beat them by like a pretty big margin, and then the second round we just went for I guess the overall score of all three songs, and um, huh?
Basically, yeah, but, I mean there was some stupid little thing they said, and I said alright fine, and then I beat them, and then they were all pissed off because I won, and you know, I'm from Sacramento,
And then I came back later, because the guy was going to put in the unlock code, and he did, and Legend of Max is there, and I just wanted to play it.
And then, of course, you know, the happy little winners are there again.
And they're all, can you beat Legend of Max?
I said, I'd beat it like, maybe 2 out of 18, 20 tries.
No.
Okay, um, well he can beat it all the time, why don't you challenge him?
I'm like, why would you, basically, why would you want to challenge me if I'm so inferior to him?
I'll just do it, and I beat it, I think it was like with a C or a D, and he failed it miserably before the freeze, before like the first main freeze, teehee, and they started like telling me magically how good I was and everything, and I said, yeah, all of the Sacramento players are, and I left.
So, I had a good FU to them.
Yay, zero.
I'd have been like, you know.
Like, you know, oh yeah, I could beat, uh, you know, I could beat A on Oni, I could beat that on doubles Oni.
Oh, I play better doubles than you do.
It was funny when they tried to do, um, doubles, because there was a broom right there where they could have wiped off the machine, and so they didn't, and I watched, like, all three of them try to play doubles and slide right off the side of the machine onto the fourth plus off of the extreme, because they were just too stupid to clean up, and I got up there...
Neither of them have memory slots, but it is still a fourth plus though, which was nice because it was fun to play.
But it's just, you know, if you're going to come up and say people suck and you think they're so bad, don't challenge them to play because they might be better than you.
And an F you with a moral, I like that.
Yes, this match has been brought to you by Zero.
Worthless information and kind words for all.
and, yeah, so, fuck them, fuck Marine World, dude, that place is shitty.
I wanna go back to Six Flags of Magic Mountain where the roller coasters actually worked and it was fun.
So, fuck Vallejo and shit like that and their stupid crap.
I'm done because it sucks.
Oh, yeah, fuck the government, too, because they're just stupid.
I don't wanna get into it.
Alright.
Moving on.
Let's talk to the chatroom.
No.
Hello, chatroom.
Black Lab would like to give FUs to fucking migraines.
They always ruin things for me.
I would have been at Rocky last night.
Fuck Easy Mac.
I'm sick of it already.
There would be more, but my roommate finally moved out, and I have the room to myself for the next five weeks, and that makes me happy.
Stapler X would like to say FU to annoying bitches who can't stay quiet in a fucking screening room.
And, of course, the president.
No reason given, just FU.
DarkDeadSui would like to say, fuck having to wait for E3 and the official footage of MGS3, Metal Gear Solid 3.
Also, he would like to give a suggestion that perhaps the game you were thinking about earlier, Jamie, Stepping Selection or Stepping Stage.
Stepping Selection, that game sucks.
Well, there you have it.
It's funny, though.
Rice, RYC3, would like to say, yes?
It had that Samantha Fox song in it.
Oh, really?
Cool.
We put into circulation.
I mean, oh, the Santa Maria?
Yeah.
Santa Maria.
Oh, that's cool.
It had that song.
Neat.
Rice would like to say, Fuck you to the obnoxious lady at work.
God, you were annoying.
Fuck you to stupid bitches at Sherman Oaks Castle Park.
Fuck you to people who take my sarcasm lively.
I think he meant literally.
I don't know.
Well, maybe he meant lively.
I can see that.
That's a workable adjective.
Sarcasm.
Fuck you to people who take my sarcasm lively.
Hi, guys.
Isn't the Hi Guys joke like years old now?
You guys need a new one.
You guys get a new mascot every now and then and that's cool.
Like you went from Bob Saget to somebody else, right?
You guys need a new one.
Huh?
Yeah, DJ Konami for a while.
Those of you that are changing your nicknames in the chatroom better change them back or your FUs aren't going to get credited the right people because I haven't been following who you've been changing your names to.
I'll be right back.
In the meantime.
I figured I'd run with you for my cage match.
I'll be right back.
I've got to get a CD out of my car.
Okay.
John Fields would like to say FU to DVD burners that don't work right.
FU weather storms that knock off my favorite network.
FU to Microsoft for thinking up the ILU.
What?
Is it like a portable toilet?
I wrote a small piece on it on the thing.
I said, thank you MSN.
Now I can surf the net and take a shit at the same time.
Or as they said on Saturday Night Live last night, they're all, yes, use the ILU, log in and log out.
That's horrible.
I remember the love toilet.
Why don't they call it the iPoo?
Oh, it's the Lou in Europe.
I get it.
We're so cultured here on Orange College Radio.
SnubDisponoid would like to say a whole lot.
Here we go.
Fuck you, Symphony, for ruining a perfectly good day of sitting on my ass.
What a pain in the ass.
No, seriously.
Instead of sitting on my ass at home in a padded office chair, I have to sit on wire-framed chairs that seem to be instruments of torture and rape and play some really shitty music.
Fuck that.
Also, what the hell is with all this Korean crap?
Pump It Up, Ragnarok Online, who gives a crap?
There's a bunch of other MMORPGs out there that are much better and much less repetitive than Pump It Up Sex.
Would you like to respond to that, Jamie?
Fuck you, buddy.
I like Ragnarok Online.
I have more fun playing it and it's free.
There you go.
Free is a good thing.
And my thief is level 26.
I still like that.
And it makes me think of Secret of Mana.
So I like it and all my friends are on it.
There you go.
Pump It Up, a sort of metaphor for what the Korean language is.
Korean is basically Japanese kanji with circles and extra crap that make it seem really stupid and hard to understand, and Pump It Up is Japanese DDR with an extra arrow with a bunch of extra crap that slows it down.
Okay, here we go.
Here's another FU.
Fuck marshmallows.
They make me fucking throw up.
And fuck fries.
Loki reminded me of my painful experiences with fries.
You think that the employees being paid commission would stop them from being shit-nosed assholes sucking dirty ass cock gobblers.
Okay, you know, fries really does suck, but they actually did something good for me the other day.
And this is like... Well, no, they didn't even have any.
They were sold out.
No.
They actually did a good...
They actually did a good job and actually, you know, sold me the right thing for my computer for once.
It was a miracle when I needed a PlayStation adapter.
They knew exactly where that was, but they couldn't tell me where the fuck the hard drives were right in front of their face.
So, fuck them.
And then at the end of that rant, he said, Oh, free.
Alright, moving on, let's go to some more FUs of the week, shall we?
Let's talk to the 23rd Magus who would like to say, FU to Kentucky, again, yeah, I mean it this time, Bernier, because I say so Chicken!
Chicken!
FU to people who think they know me You don't know me, you don't know my life, you don't know And who think they know what I'm thinking, you're not psychic, bitches, go see Miss Cleo And finally, FU to not being able to go to Scandia for lack of money, my skills are slipping, dammit
Here's the part where you go, what skills?
I'm kidding.
I'm so mean.
You mean his totally elite freestyling skills?
Must keep passing eights.
Rawr.
Okay, out.
Okay.
Rock on.
Who's next?
Hi!
Oh, that reminds me.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Grr, grr, grr.
Okay.
F you to that little kid who was sitting behind us next to you.
Actually, it was like this whole little family.
And they didn't even speak English.
They spoke Russian or something.
And, like, there were three kids.
And they would, like, shake the seat and stuff.
And I would just, like, turn around and stare and be all, What the hell do you think you're doing?
You know, type thing.
They're stupid.
They were really stupid because they had no idea, like, why I was mad.
I hate kids.
There should be a law against bringing certain age children into a movie theater.
You know what?
And as far as like, well, I don't realize there's somewhat laws in R and X, but that should be like punishable by death.
I don't remember what theater I was at, but there was this kid there who was doing that to me, and her parent was right next to them.
And I turned around, and I told their, it was like the mom or something, that if she didn't control her child, I'd report her to child services, to child protection services.
And she was like, what?
I was like, yeah, because it's going to be for neglect, because I'm going to take your child and ship them off to some third world country in slavery.
And she just looked at me and her child never did it again.
I just, God, I hate kids.
You know what I should do?
I should open up a movie theater where children are banned.
I'd be the richest fucking man on the planet.
Our Dave and Buster's creation will also have a movie theater.
Yes.
Yes, I swear to God, Loki, we need to get alone and make this.
We need to make our Dave & Buster slash movie theater slash children-free world.
It would be beautiful.
I would cry cheers of joy.
Poor new land.
Oh, yeah.
You know what else you need in there?
You need the Discovery Zone in there with no children.
All those nets and balls and things.
I used to take my brothers there just so that I could go play.
Alright, one more FU from the chatroom.
I used to take naps in there.
RiceLYC3 would like to say, fuck you to my computer for buffering too much.
Means you gotta get broadband, or if you are on broadband, you need to get better broadband, I guess.
More memory!
That's it, that there completes the FUs of the week.
Yay.
I'm sorry, Loki?
I'm still going on air after I see The Matrix on Thursday.
Just go say how cool it is.
I won't give it away.
What are you going to talk about?
You're just going to sit there and go, it was so cool, man.
Oh my god, that one part, I can't tell you about it, but that one part where they did that thing.
Oh my god, oh, it's cool.
Yeah, pretty much like that.
Okay, so I guess now's a good time to take a break, but I'm actually thinking let's just do Cage Match now.
Sure!
Okay, so, let us do the cage match.
That will be fun.
That will be more fun than a barrel of monkeys.
Did you find your cage match song, Loki?
Good.
Alright, let's go into the Orange Lounge cage match.
Last week, on the Orange Lounge cage match...
A real shocker, I don't know how this song won, but it did.
It won by a very narrow margin, I must say.
And, um... Oh god, did I just fuck up my computer?
Hold on a minute, kids.
I accidentally copied one folder somewhere else, and now... I don't know if I can undo.
Son of a bitch.
If you're running Windows, hit Ctrl-Z and it'll undo it.
Hold on a minute, kids.
Okay, we gotta take a really fast break.
Sorry, you guys.
Because I fucked something up.
I moved my MIRC directory somewhere else, and now I can't access half my files.
I gotta move it back.
We'll take a really quick break.
We'll be right back, and we'll do the cage match.
Sorry!
and many more.
The Stars Hi
and now the win.
All right, that was, and then our mics were off during that whole little past thing, my bad.
Yeah, oops.
You know, they're like, why is the cage match music playing and no one's talking?
Oops.
She's on that I Love the 80s show every once in a while on VH1.
Again, that was last week's winner that you just heard a little clip of that.
That was Raven Simone.
We were doing crisscross effort in the background.
Who was the youngest girl on the Cosby show with That's What Little Girls Are Made Of.
And that's the first song you can vote for in tonight's cage match.
So that was Raven Simone, That's What Little Girls Are Made Of.
Alright, that was last week's winner.
I wasn't here to rate it, so it gets a three.
Okay.
Oh, you weren't here to rate it, that's right.
No, I was having a personal crisis.
That's right, you left mid-show for reasons.
Personal crisis!
Personal crisis.
An incredible crisis.
So, you can vote for that, and I think you should, because it would be wonderful if that song won again.
And let's see how many private messages I got saying to turn on the damn mics.
Oh, actually, I didn't get any.
But I do have a question.
This has nothing to do with the cage match.
Jamie, when are you going to have time to do more work on the Battle Royale roleplay?
Um, who's that from?
Uh, Puppy.
Puppy?
Um, Puppy, we'll work on it Tuesday night if I'm not out.
Okay.
But I'm not going to be up late because I'm working now.
Okay.
Okay, into the cage match.
Back to the cage match.
Loki, what track on the CD do we want here?
Oh, son of a bitch, it's not showing me the... It's a, it's a, um, um... Oh, God, I gotta use Windows Media Player to do this.
Hold on a sec, we might have a drop.
Where's CD Player?
Accessories, Entertainment... I don't have a CD Player.
I don't think XP has one, because you brought in the Media Player.
Hold on, we might have a couple drops here.
Loki, what's your pick this week?
Tell us about it.
Okay, my pick this week is from the upcoming movie, which is in four days, Matrix Reloaded.
As part of the score, it's actually really awesome.
It's the scene that they're going to be having that kick-ass awesome car chase scene.
This is also named after a book that came out a while back.
It's called Mona Lisa Overdrive.
It's Juno Reactor and Don Davis.
Now, are we really playing the whole ten minutes of this?
We can play like five to eight minutes.
Okay, we're going to play a portion of this song, because Loki actually does have an edit of this, but we can't play that right now.
Yeah, the edit of it is on my computer, but my sound card sucks ass, and so, yeah.
But because there's an edit of it, that's because I'm doing it for Tourney Mix 4, so look for that.
Alright, so here it is.
This is part of Mona Lisa Overdrive.
But be advised that if you vote for this song, it'll probably be cut down a little bit.
Well, we're only going to play a little bit cut.
We're just going to kind of play like a few minutes of it.
Because it's a ten minute long song, so we're not going to have the whole thing in rotation.
We'll have an edit if it wins.
Okay?
So here it is.
Enjoy.
Music Music Music Music
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura
3, 2, 1, GO!
All right, that was Loki's pick, Mona Lisa Overdrive, a little edit of that.
If it does win, there's going to be an edit put in rotation that's even shorter.
It just pretty much has the techno parts of it.
But it's cool.
The edit's really cool.
Hopefully we can play the edit for you at the end of the show.
We're just having some problems on Loki's computer right now.
Anyway, let's go around the room and see what people thought, starting with Jenny, because she has the mic.
It definitely sounded like something that's supposed to go behind something.
It wouldn't be something that I would want to listen to over and over and over again, so... But it didn't suck, it's just not something that I would, you know, listen to a lot of, so I'd give it an 8.
Okay.
Brad.
Yeah, Brad and Irene are here.
Oh, hi Brad and Irene, who got here, by the way.
Wrangles.
I think it was a good song.
I kind of agree, it's a soundtrack song.
I can't wait to see the movie, I'm sure it's going to kick ass there.
But it's a good song, I'd give it a 9.
Irene, the rights princess.
I have a short attention span, and it was a long song.
It doesn't mean it was bad, it's just hard for me to concentrate on it.
Yeah, I know, it's like a freaking long song.
But it was a good song, like I mean, for a soundtrack song, I mean it was good, so I'd give it an 8.
Okay, 0.
Going by the fact that it's even on the movie, I would give it a 10, but I can't do that because I wouldn't be nice.
No, actually, it definitely seems like something, yeah, that would be on a movie.
It's not something that you'd hear anywhere else except the soundtrack or the movie, but I liked it a lot, and I actually downloaded it, and I think I enjoyed it.
I give it like a 9.
Okay.
It's fucking awesome, dude.
I've listened to that song, I kid you not, 60 times at least since I've gotten this soundtrack.
And that was only a couple days ago.
And it's awesome driving music.
Perfect for driving.
You just get going and it's like, yeah!
Your own track, real fast.
No, but it's really awesome.
I wish you guys could listen to the whole thing because it does pick up even more afterwards and gets really cool techno-y stuff.
But like I said before, it is going to be my pick for Tourney Mix 4 and you're going to hear a pretty good cut of it then.
But, I have an unfair advantage.
I've heard that edit that Loki's done, the two and a half minute edit, and he really has taken all the best parts of the song and made it a standalone song.
Like, he took all the... It kind of sounds a little tackish, actually, to me.
I did kind of think of that, but... Back to the soundtrack thing.
Right.
Actually, there's another song in there called just Chateau that does sound like Gravity.
Ooh!
Wouldn't it be cool if they detected the soundtrack?
That'll be, let's do it, that is a topic of discussion when we come back.
The money artists we want to see do movie scores.
But anyway, um, I think that, um, I think it's a good song.
I think the edit's really, really good, and that if that goes into rotation, it'll be fine.
So I give it a nine.
It's a good song, it really is.
Um, but yeah, we just, if I heard all that kind of symphonic stuff during the dance, our normal Domani music, I'd probably go to sleep.
Well, I think it should be mentioned that I was going to do a remix with that being part of the remix.
That was supposed to be entered into the remixing contest, which is the deadline is tomorrow, but I don't think that's going to happen.
But I was planning on doing a remix of it.
Alright, let's get into Jamie's pick.
Jamie, what did you bring to the table today?
Mine's old.
I couldn't think of anything else again, so I just picked Herbie Hancock Rocket.
And this is from a game, isn't it?
Well, they did it in different versions of Amplitude.
Okay, but this is a cool song, so here's your last pick for tonight.
This is Herbie Hancock with Rocket.
All righty, that was Herbie Hancock with Rocket.
Hope you all enjoyed that one.
Let's go around and see what everyone else thought of Herbie Hancock, Rocket.
Starting off with Jamie.
Ten.
You want to give any reasons why?
Ten.
All right.
I'll take that as a no.
Irene, any of you, what do you think?
I liked it a lot.
I liked it a lot, nine.
All right.
Loki.
Zero, what did you think of Herbie Hancock Rocket?
What don't I think of that song?
No, actually, that is the second song of the 80s I remember, besides that super happy stalker song by The Police, but I give that song a 10, just because it's been a favorite of mine forever.
Brad, do you have anything you want to say?
10.
Brad gives it a 10.
Brad throws a 10 out through the door.
I like that song, it's pretty cool.
If they ever did like a 2DX classic version or something, and like brought back a bunch of old 80s songs, I would cry my eyes out if that was not in it.
I'm working on a file for the 2DX...
And now, the winning song of the week
You can vote for The Matrix Reloaded with Mona Lisa Overdrive, which I can't play a clip of now.
Play a small little clip and I'll hold the mic up.
It's hooked up now.
Oh, is it hooked up now?
Then play a little clip.
Alright, that's Mona Lisa Overdrive.
Or you can vote for Herbie Hancock with Rocket.
That was kind of a bad part of the song I picked.
My bad.
But you just heard it, so you remember it.
All right, there you go.
You can vote for Raven-Symon, Mona Lisa, Overdrive, Herbie Hancock.
Send those votes now over private message to Sky in the chat room.
And if you're not in our chat room, get your fucking butt in there right now.
Go over to Calibamani.com.
Click on Orange Lounge.
Click on Chat.
I'm glad I picked that song because it makes you say cock a lot.
Herbie Hancock.
Cock rock.
Now they're getting in quite a fight in the chat room right now.
This is what I'm reading.
I'm reading Raven, Mona, Raven, Mona, Raven, Mona.
Raven, Mona, cock.
Raven, Mona, cock.
Tonight's cage match.
It's a raving, moaning cock.
No, it's a cock rocket.
Only on Orange Lounge Radio do you get the waving, moaning cock rocket here on the cage match.
So, you want to know what's funny about Asian porn?
What?
It looks like Legos having sex.
Why do you say that?
You have to explain that for those who may not have seen Asian porn.
Because it's all blocked out and stuff because they're Japanese laws.
No private parts can be shown.
So it just looks like a bunch of Legos having sex.
It's Aztec sex, baby.
Oh yeah.
Go Mosaic.
Thanks for watching!
Great Dead Airspace here.
Sorry, I'm starting to tally up some of the votes here.
No, you guys missed the philosophical message of the day.
Life is a sexually transmitted fatal disease that's also hereditary.
After your mom gave blowjobs at a truck stop.
I said after your mom gave blowjobs at a truck stop.
He downloaded the mall blowjobs.
It was, it was like, uh, street blowjobs.
It's this guy with this camera and his glasses and he convinces some girl to give him a blowjob, supposedly.
I, well, shh, you, you lie.
You're, you're saying it's all set.
Next thing you're probably saying is, wrestling's fake.
No, no, no, wait, wait, wait.
The Amazing Flying Microphone.
Bad catch.
No, wrestling is not fake.
It's real.
Real fake.
You funny.
Boo!
Looks like Drew is going to go off the turnbuckle with the elbow there.
She's slapping her elbow.
Alright, last call for votes in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
In the meantime, let's take a quick break.
Vote, bitches.
And what do we want to do when we come back from the break?
Polka.
Polka?
Oh, yeah, yeah, we're going to do that topic about Mamani artists and soundtracks and movies they should have done.
Nah, it's too weird to be a list list, but we could do a list list.
But then again, I'm too lazy to get papers, so we'll just talk.
Alright, fine.
Okay, last call for Cage Match, folks.
I'll play it later.
Alright.
We'll be back after this quick break featuring... Oh, I don't know.
What kind of song should I play here?
Oh, let's do something.
I should do something from EX3.
Dance Mania EX3 was out a couple weeks ago and I got a copy of it.
Thank you.
And we'll play...
The songs on it are kind of weird.
Do you want Smile DK or do you want the band that did I Do What Do I Do?
Help I'm a Fish.
Help I'm a Fish.
Let's do Help I'm a Fish.
That's the song I like more.
This is Creamy with Help I'm a Fish.
It's a brand new Dance Mania EX3 song and we'll be back in a little bit.
Thanks for watching!
Alright, that was 1, 2, 3, 4, 0, 0, 7.
Before that, help, I'm a fish by Creamy.
And really fast, we're still in the middle of a break here, but Irene, would you share your bean burrito theory?
I came up with the bean burrito theory a couple years ago when I heard that song, the 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, because artists, some artists on DDR, they just pull random themes or just random words and put them together in a song, and it just sounds stupid.
Like, you know, and the reason I came up with bean burrito is just like, oh, you know, hey, I'm hungry.
Oh, bean burrito, la, la, la, la, it's just like, it's stupid, yeah.
It's stupid.
Bean burrito, guacamole, sour cream, and extra cheese.
I haven't thought up any other lyrics yet.
Let's put that in GDR.
Yay!
It's the Mexican version.
Can you sing that one more time?
Bean burrito, guacamole, sour cream, and extra cheese.
I'm gonna punch you, Rob, you're a dork.
I just wanted an extra clean copy of that for any remixes we might plan.
Thank you.
Oh, you're welcome.
Okay, well, let's look at Crash here.
I'm gonna go my way.
Come with me, you mothers.
Let's go.
One, two, three, four, five.
Break the doll and get out of here.
Come with me now.
Now we're all going our way.
Makes no sense.
I want to show you, baby, the world that you've never seen because it can happen now.
So hold you tight, babe.
Just pick any Eurobeat song.
Any Eurobeat song.
I don't want to know what they say.
No, no, I don't care.
They can tell me nothing.
I'm going to go my way.
You're not doing it right.
I don't want to know.
It's like Mr. Spanky singing.
Well, you know, I don't want my voice being made into some sort of DWI, so obviously I'm not going to do it with any rhythm.
We really don't need to hear it all now.
Hey, we're still in break time.
Go on and fall apart.
Let's go.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
All right.
Back to break.
I'm going to play this.
This is something that Justin's working on.
It's a world premiere.
It's an original piece.
And he's even calling himself different names now, too.
This is pretty funny.
He's calling himself Hyper Orchestra.
So this is Hyper Orchestra with Musette in D. This is a little sample.
It's a work in progress.
And then after that, we're going to hear a request that Jamie wants you all to hear.
So we shall do that.
Okay.
Thank you for watching!
Just to be with you tonight
Hiho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Hi, we're back, and Jamie, what did you think of that Hyper Orchestra Musette in D piece?
Cool, but it needs a little bit more work.
Yeah, it needs to be longer.
It needs more going on.
More going on.
And a different rhythm.
A different drum beat.
But does it make you want to kill people?
Eventually it will.
It makes me want to kill people.
I think it's at that level for me.
Yeah, you're right.
I do want to kill people, Irene.
Sorry, Zero.
Huh?
I thought you said... I just said death.
But anyways, death.
Burritos.
Chicken.
Okay, so while they play... Nachos.
...vinyl over there, the winner of tonight's cage match, by the way, can we get a big drumroll?
Okay, the winner is Mona Lisa Overdrive won the cage match.
Yay.
Of course.
So now you can use that next week, Jamie.
But this is the first week I can remember in a long, long time where every song did get at least one vote.
Usually my picks don't even get a vote, but tonight every song at least got one vote.
It's Raven-Symon.
Everyone's a winner.
At least two votes no.
Everybody loves a seven-year-old.
Raven-Symon was not lucky enough to get two votes tonight.
Stop putting on Raven-Symon.
She sucks.
Sucks!
I didn't vote her as the winner last week.
You guys voted her as the winner?
I'm dismayed.
Our listeners suck.
Why are you dismayed?
Because Rocket owns you.
Rocket owns.
Rocket does own and it did get a good reaction but unfortunately you just got beat by the Matrix like everything else.
Poopy on the Matrix.
I don't believe in the Matrix.
Watch me bend this spoon with the power of my mind.
I'll hack the world!
Yes, sir.
Anyway, more topics.
Like promised earlier, we wanted to talk about movies that Bomani artists should do soundtracks to.
Now, this could be like upcoming sequels or just like ideas for films or movies in the past that would have been cooler.
X-Men movie, Tack.
X-Men movie with a Tack soundtrack?
Matrix with Tack.
Matrix with Tack?
Babes in Toyland featuring Tack.
Is there any movie you wouldn't want to see Tack doing the soundtrack to?
Seki movies.
Yes, Loki.
Glitter 2 featuring Paul Terry.
That was cute.
He did a little happy hop.
He did a little happy hopper.
How about Orange Lounge, the band, doing a soundtrack to a porno?
French porno.
Stop it.
Joker over there.
That would be funny and you know it.
Yeah, I could see Taka doing like a really epic kind of film.
Taka?
Doing like an epic film.
I was thinking more like a Samba Kubota.
That would be cool.
Like Zero says a gothic porno.
Kubota doing RPG music.
What?
I don't know if anybody in the listening knows this for a fact, but, you know, since it is Konami, Metal Gear Solid, I don't know, maybe, but Red Nikita does remind me of Metal Gear Solid, kind of, so, maybe that he actually had some actual production in the music of Metal Gear Solid of some way.
One thing, um, for my Metal Gear Solid CD that I have, there's the, um, theme song remix by Quadra on the end, and, you know, Quadra did 5-key stuff.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, for probably one of the most horrible sequels ever, if they want to make it redeeming, they should have good music.
It'd be cool to see, like, um, Tack and Taka doing, um, some good music for the horrible-ass Street Fighter, uh, sequel that's gonna be coming out.
I mean, it's pretty bad.
You didn't hear about that?
The Movie.
You remember the crappy ass Van Damme?
They're doing a sequel!
And yes, he is back in it.
That is awesome.
So they might as well... I would go see that.
They might as well dig, of course, the Bane bad guy is supposed to be a Kona.
Is Kylie Minogue gonna be back in it?
I would.
That would be the best.
She better be.
That would be the only reason.
I know, she has a career now.
I'm the green fairy!
No.
Break in three.
Featuring good cool.
That would be awesome.
What's this in the VCR right now?
We're watching, we've been... Okay, the only breakin' movie I'd ever seen was the sequel, Breakin' 2, Electric Boogaloo.
Is it breakdancing?
Breakdancing, it's like done in 82, 83.
Nice.
I like that.
I like that.
Here's a cute joke.
Here's a cute joke.
Terminator 2DX, this is from the chatroom, Terminator 2DX with Tran as Terminator.
Yes, but if you've ever heard... Have you ever seen the Terminator movie, guys?
I mean, the music is like...
It's just a bunch of weird sound effects.
It's like the guy pressed on his keyboard a couple times and said, Here, this is a soundtrack.
Have you ever seen the Mr. Science Theater 3000 version of Pod People?
Where they're doing their New Age music?
Now put your finger on this key.
Now you're playing New Age key.
Now put two fingers on there.
Now you're playing New Age chord.
Now hold it down.
until you get a record label and hold it down it was hilarious back to the soundtracks idea I'm thinking of a scary movie let's say The Ring 2 because you know they're going to do a sequel to The Ring based on one of the Japanese movies
Like Ringu too.
How about Akira Yamaoka doing the soundtrack?
Dude, he did the soundtracks for Silent Hill.
Some of the creepiest games ever.
I went on a road trip once.
My friend Garrett drove me out to these roads that are not lit very well.
So it's like a scary place.
There's all these trees and railroad tracks that look all abandoned and stuff.
And we played Silent Hill while driving through there.
It was scary.
The music?
The soundtrack?
Yes.
Oh my god.
Because it's really messed up.
I'd never really heard Silent Hill music before because I'd never played the game.
It kind of sounds like Portishead.
I was really surprised.
It doesn't sound like anything Kiriyama has done in 2DX.
Nope.
Not really.
The theme of Silent Hill sounds like Sour Time.
Yeah, the Portishead song.
It's got that guitar or ukulele or whatever they're doing.
The me-me-me-me-me-me-me-me-me-me-me.
Mandolin?
A mandolin?
Hey, we love dead air here at Orange Lounge.
Sorry, I've been reading private messages.
He was killing a bug with Asian porn.
There's a really funny one I'll have to share with you guys off air.
Insect Zero, Asian Porn One.
The shape and boob chick killed the bug.
Any other soundtrack ideas?
Yeah, we can have True Kiss Destination doing... The Hulk 2.
Yeah, I got it this time.
I caught the mic.
Irene has one.
Duval doing Disney?
Like, what Disney movie?
I don't know.
As the chat room suggested during Help, I'm a Fish, that should be in Finding Nemo, the new movie coming out.
You know what?
No.
Enemy Zero featuring Desro.
The movie that you made me watch with the aliens.
Wild Zero, yeah, featuring Desro.
Any trauma film featuring Desro.
No, the Guitar Wolf.
Orange Lounge.
Guitar Wolf and Guitar Freaks.
Orange Lounge should do the soundtrack to the next John Waters movie.
I think I killed the station.
Well, let's see here.
We could have the next American Pie movie with Mr. Brian in the final van.
There is an American Pie movie coming out.
American Wedding, I know.
I know.
It's the last one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I have a movie called 4-2-K that you need to watch.
It's hilarious in parts.
It's got punk music in it.
No, it's funny.
It has to do with these zombies attacking, they're like these zombies attacking this house and then they get these like renta ninjas that come over and then, and there's like, no, there's these four alien chicks that are, it's weird.
Let me find the tape, it's hilarious.
Now, Rob, weren't you the one who was telling me about them actually doing a true sequel to the Rocky Horror Picture Show?
It's a rumor that comes up every now and then.
If they did that one, have the music by Orange Lounge.
That would be cool, except you know the problem with that?
Richard O'Brien has to do it.
Yeah, so that he should contract Orange Lounge.
Okay, Orange Lounge can make a contribution.
And he writes the lyrics, but they're not all in French.
I think he gets some help from Rina Gumo to do something like Secret Tale.
That's really bad.
I'm sorry.
No, but in all honesty, I think LED should do something in a music industry.
Yes.
Like a Matrix-type movie, you know, a lot of action.
Because some of his really, you know, like The Outer Limits, that song, something like that, breakbeats.
Here's a question for you guys.
Maybe this has been brought up on the show before, but I actually don't think it ever has, which is surprising.
If a Bomani artist, any Bomani artist, were to release a CD here in the US, which one should do it and why?
Who would have the best chances of success?
Well, Jamie says tack, and Sheila says that.
She says.
I mean, I only said that because she's just said that.
And, go ahead, Matt, Loki.
Well, obviously, it's gotta be, um, I believe, isn't Last Message the good cool featuring Meg?
Well, then it'd have to be Meg, because she has a nice rack.
One thing, actually, Fantastic Plastic Machine does have a CD in the U.S.
I have it.
Outside of ones that already do have one, and maybe like the one, two, like outside of Dance Mania artists, let's say, because Dance Mania artists already have CDs, most of them, let's say like Actual Bomani.
Actual Bomani, you know, sounds sad.
Konami sounds sad.
I guess we could say.
In all honesty, from the, yeah, Jamie and Matt both say good, cool.
Ryo Nagumi.
I agree, I think Good Cool would have the most chance of success.
Actually though, it's funny you mention it, I think one person that would have a really kick-ass CD, LED.
And I say that because he has so many different styles, like something wonderful...
I have something to say.
Sure.
All the staple artists in the Konami sound staff who are making music for Bomani Games, Taka, Tak,
LED, Naoki, Good Cool.
I'm probably repeating names because they use the same names all the time.
Anyway, they all have a chance releasing and selling good music because they all have good resumes as far as music they've written, so it's really hard to choose which one.
I mean, Akira Yamaoka, he's made music and games that are very popular in America, so it's hard to say.
Soda.
Soda.
I don't know.
It'll be okay.
I don't know.
He'd have to show a little more diversity before I could say that.
Yeah, that's why I think... That stuff would be picked up by DJs like... Yeah.
Because all trance music is pretty much the same anyways.
It's just all synth with a backbeat.
That's it.
I'm surprised with the popularity of DDR.
You're not hearing such cultish songs from DDR that are mega popular like Look to the Sky on some dance radio station at night.
It's because we're in Sacramento, we don't have cool stations like that.
Ours got kicked off the air, remember?
Well, there's actually one kind of weird thing.
One night I was actually coming back from CCL, just getting done playing DDR, and
I was listening to Quad, you know, on Saturdays or whatever, they play that, like, all that trancy stuff.
I actually did hear Holic, and I actually did play it.
Yes, it was, because we sat there and debated it for like an hour and a half, and it actually was Holic, which, I don't know how it got played.
But, so, someone may have said it or something.
We were in Brookfields and heard Stump to My Beat playing out of the kitchen.
Stump to My Beat, yeah, Stump to My Beat.
I know, but that was the thing, I thought that was funny.
I think Scotty D should have some stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I forgot what I was going to say.
They should contract Avex tracks again.
Like they did with Parapara.
Why do you think Konami doesn't release Bomani soundtracks in the US?
Besides the fact that DDR USA, the arcade versions, wouldn't have had a good soundtrack.
Why didn't they release one for Max USA?
Besides the limited edition one.
The only reason why, and the obvious reason why, they're not releasing these things is because there isn't obviously a market for it.
I mean, we're having to pressure them so much just to release the games, there's not a market enough for them to put in money to release the soundtracks.
Because if there was, they would do it.
I mean, what are they going to say?
Oh, there's an obvious money-making market here in America, but we're not going to release them because we hate Americans.
I mean, really, they're going to release it if there's a market.
There's no market, they're not going to release it.
But over, like, almost, I think, about 25,000 registered users on DDR Freak...
And a lot of soundtracks to real movies sell 5,000 at the most.
I don't know, because usually what happens, they'll print mass amounts of the CDs because, you know, they do... I mean, you think actual artists like, you know, Britney Spears, millions of CDs get printed and millions of them get bought because that's just pop, you know?
Here's why, because Konami's cheap and they don't want licensed music, and licensing music for a game is expensive enough, let alone soundtrack rights as well.
Yeah, you have to go through more red tape.
And the fact, I mean, making the CDs themselves only costs pennies.
I mean...
It's just the whole licensing rights, and because over here in America, we're bastards, and we charge, or actually, the RIAA is bastards, and they charge up the ass for licensing rights, and copyright laws are crazy, and it's just a bad situation, that's why.
All we're gonna hear is more, like, uh, more fucking covers of Welcome to the Jungle and shit by crazy people who don't sound anything like Axl Rose.
I'm not talking about trying to make, like, DDR music, like, mainstream.
Like, oh, next on MTV, on Total Request Live, number 10, drop the bomb, yeah!
I'm not talking about that kind of thing, but just, like, trying to just at least put the music out there.
If the music isn't out there, if you want the music, you have to go underground.
Yeah, here's what I think... What I can debate why they don't do is maybe...
They're doing these releases on these home systems.
Maybe for once, maybe release a small sound CD with the game if you pre-order or something.
They did that with Max.
Yeah, Toys R Us.
Jamie's got one.
Toys R Us did that.
What was the requirements, Jamie?
Do you remember what you had to do to get that CD?
No, I got mine from...
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, you got yours donated.
Quote, unquote.
No, no, mine's real.
It was given to me as a tourney.
I got a few of them that we gave out as prizes for tourney.
Right.
I remember Toys R Us was doing something with those.
I think if you pre-ordered at Toys R Us, you got that.
I think that's how it worked.
But still, I mean, that's not like... I can walk into Dimple and see it in the soundtrack section, or... Dimple is... I'm sorry, because that's only in Sacramento.
It's a record store.
So let's say I can't walk into Virgin Megastore, and Virgin Megastore imports a lot of stuff.
They don't import anything Japanese, which baffles me.
Very limited, though.
Very, very limited.
It's...
Well, I'm talking like, I don't think you can find a Yumi Hamasaki even, right?
You can even... Really?
Could you order Dance Media albums through Virgin?
I've been to the Virgin Megastore in San Francisco and I never see anything interesting Japanese-wise.
Arden doesn't have anything as far as... You have to go to the world music section, it's like crap.
The only thing you're going to find tons of shit of is like UK stuff.
You're going to find tons of UK stuff.
Because that's really popular over here.
And there's another artist that needs to come over to America, Yumi Hamasaki.
I mean, she would kick ass over here too.
Just her music's awesome.
Oh yeah, I think definitely.
Well, but here's the thing.
And it's kind of the thing with America in general and the history of music.
It's like pop has always been popular and it's always been the main thing, you know.
And yeah, we all hate pop, but...
and so on.
Exactly, we go through these phases, and we already went through our techno trance rave music phase in the mid-90s, and it's gone now.
It's not popular.
There's a lot of people doing these things, but there's a lot of freaking people in America.
A lot more people are listening to Britney Spears.
I'm sorry.
It's always going to be that way.
It's always going to be pop.
Not always, because music rotates itself every...
I wouldn't say that long, probably about more like every four years.
Okay, then watch.
Four to ten years from now, we're going to see some Bomani CDs printed, finally.
I'm going to tell you, now this is going to be a really strange sounding theory, and I know I'm going to get boos for this, but I'll tell you why Britney Spears and all that's on their way out the door.
And this is going to sound funny.
Because they suck?
Look at the three people who are in the finals in American Idol right now.
You have two overweight people and a dork.
Exactly.
What does that show America wants right now?
They are sick and tired of seeing the same cookie-cutter image.
Yep.
And... Exactly.
So I'd say that's, you know... Maybe actually want to hear the music for once and not just the image.
Far-fetched as it sounds, I think that might be starting to send a message to record companies, and I bet you sales... Well, even sales of Christina's latest album wasn't as good as her first one, and Britney's putting a new one out in October, and it's probably not going to do as well.
I think it's October, but it probably won't do as well.
We will leave.
Wouldn't it be funny if Britney Spears pulled an Alanis?
What do you mean?
Disappeared and came back?
Stop doing happy, happy, poppy?
Yeah, for those who don't know... Alanis used to be a very happy, poppy person.
I actually have a video.
Alanis was considered... Alanis Morissette was considered the Tiffany of Canada.
And she had the big, poofy hair.
Matt LeBlanc was in one of her videos.
She was on the Canadian television.
But she used to have, like, these songs.
I could probably dig up the MP3s on my computer, but I don't... I'm too lazy.
But she used to have, like, really dancey songs.
She disappeared completely...
for about four years and then came back and she'd, like, grown up and that's when she did Jagged Little Pill and it was such a controversy, you know, like, oh, now this teen princess talking about blowjobs in a theater type thing.
But, I mean, if you think about it, the real Tiffany did the same thing.
Didn't she come back and pose for Playboy?
Well, like, I mean, one thing that I've noticed, too, is all these people who have hella videos and have all these concerts and all these fucking appearances, they, you know, everybody hears their music so much that people just grow to get tired of it.
Then you got the underground people who will send their demo to a radio station or something and get it played.
More people want to see, more people want to hear...
The people who you don't see every day, as opposed to who you do see every day.
I mean, that's why I think if we did have a lot of Bimani CDs coming over, or anybody, even a lot of the underground rappers and DJs and stuff like that, most people sit there and they don't really want to really see them.
They like to know who they are, but they like the music so much, and the music is what keeps the mystery and what keeps them wanting to be there.
If you don't do a lot of appearances, people are going to want to know who you are.
They're going to want to hear your stuff more than like, oh, look, there's that hoe on TV.
You know, it's that whole thing.
Well, the DJs, they're just a name.
They're just a name so you know which CD to find.
That's it.
I mean, if you met them in real life, you're like, oh, they're really cool.
You wouldn't be like...
Oh my god, oh my god, you know, they're so cool.
No, it's just, they're just... Wait, if I saw Paul Oakenfold, I'd probably give him a hug.
Yeah, yeah.
But like, for instance, DJ David X. I mean, he's kind of popular over here.
I mean, you see him personally, you're like, damn, I don't... He's old.
Yeah, he's just some...
An actual friend of one of Dan's friends.
He's a DJ in Santa Cruz.
He's cool, and the music he plays is really cool.
That's the whole point, though.
It's not like, you know, Britney Spears.
You hear more controversy and shit about them.
When's the last time you've heard, like, a DJ and something weird happening with them?
Nothing.
Like, Oakenfold, you never hear anything on the news, like, some controversy.
Because he's just too busy making music and, you know, doing actual stuff like that.
You know what actually has made me really happy is that one of my favorite Japanese DJs has his CDs now released in the States, DJ Crush.
Makes me very, very happy.
And from what I understand, I mean, he'll do music for anyone, you know, mixing for anyone.
Just, you know, goes to clubs all the time.
I wish he'd come, actually.
Well, he had performed here because she even went to see him.
Yeah, I...
In San Francisco, I think.
But I would like for just more people internationally to make their music available.
Well, like, one thing, too, and not a lot of people are familiar with the music, but there's, like, the band called Dream Theater, and I don't know how many people know about them, but they're over in Japan a lot.
I mean, that's their basic residence is in Japan, even though they're a completely English singing group.
And their music sells a lot more over here than it does in Japan.
and they do their just random appearances like once every five years you actually get to see them and it's enough to make a person want to drop everything and go see them because they don't have huge videos over here people like their music I mean I honestly was about to cut my Santa Cruz trip because they're going to be in Sacramento on Sunday and I was about to cut it but I was like nah that's okay but still it's like the point is people will drop what you're doing if they don't see you getting in trouble and they don't see you dressing like an absolute moron and all that kind of stuff and there's still a hairband
They are still a hair band.
I love it.
They're a hair band.
Interesting point.
I'm reading in the chat room.
I'm just trying to read what folks are saying in the chat room.
Jabberwocky makes an interesting point.
Hi, by the way.
Hi.
He was responding to a comment made by Justin, but this is what he says.
He says, the record companies put out hundreds of albums each month.
The terrible music is what people are buying.
Why is that?
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Why?
Why did the record company do anything?
Money?
I don't know.
This is my theory.
The publicists behind the artists.
I think there's a lot of wheeling and dealing that goes on, especially with MTV.
And MTV is to, you know, if you want to use the word blame, credit, whatever you want to choose, MTV is really what's shaping the music industry right now, like it or not.
It's all politics.
The lobbyists pay the politicians, and that's how certain laws get passed.
Although I kind of buy into the Josie theory.
The Josie and the Pussycats.
I will elaborate for people who haven't seen it.
Well, like, one thing, too, is this is only, you know, stuff that I picked up while working at, like, Intercom Radio and stuff like that.
And a lot of it, it's not so much who is, you know...
Who's how old and who looks like what or whatever.
But part of it is the fact that they will go with whoever will dress trashy.
You know, there's plenty of girls out there I have seen... Shut up.
Don't start.
No, anyways.
No, it's like, there's... What?
I see what you're about to say, though.
They go to see who will dress like the slut, who will do it.
I mean, there's plenty of girls out there who probably look like Britney Spears and who may sound like Britney Spears, but they're the ones who won't go as far as the others went.
and then, yeah, it is MTV partially because they get tons of videos crossing their path every day.
It doesn't mean they're going to play them all.
They're going to play with the ones that all the people are fantasizing about and going home and whacking off about or something.
That's all it is.
Okay, some interesting points here.
Nince says in the chat room, people buy the terrible stuff because they don't know about the better stuff out there.
That's actually exactly true.
That's a murder.
I like her stuff.
I like some of her stuff, but it's getting old.
I feel like, okay, the pop thing is getting old for me.
I'm cycling on a four-year thing.
I don't really care about her new album anymore.
She was cute back in the day.
Oh, look, what a little slut dancing on the screen.
But I don't care anymore.
I'm a fan of her future porno with her and Christina Aguilera.
Anyway, back to the point here.
How do you... There's no real way to force people to expose themselves to new music.
Yeah, I guess people will like what they want to like, but I feel like it's kind of, sometimes it's ignorance, you know?
We only hear what we can hear on the radio, most people.
Your average music listener isn't a music lover, as in, it's their life, they love it like I do, you know?
It's like, I have to listen to music all the time, I go watch live music and stuff.
All they can hear is the radio, so they're being told what to listen to.
So, that's one thing.
Another thing, yeah, you can't tell them what to listen to, what's terrible music, one person likes something else.
There is actually terrible music.
I think Britney Spears and stuff is terrible music.
There's no talent behind it except for she has boobs.
She has an ass.
She can't sing worth shit.
I've heard so many people who can sing better.
What do you think... Hold on, hold on.
Hold on.
Question, question.
What do you think about those people?
And just, they're idiots.
It's not an acceptable answer.
What do you think about those people on, like, the fan shows that talk about Britney Spears and say, Britney Spears changed my life?
I think it's exactly... There's fans of... Go ahead.
There's fans of everyone, okay?
I'm sure Bob Saget has a huge following.
I'm sure, like, Carrot Top has a huge following.
I love Bob Saget, man.
I suck dick for coke, or what was it?
There's fans for everybody.
There's fans for anybody that appears on TV for, like, just a second.
For example, G4's Portal.
That stupid guy that had...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You know, it's just mainstream stuff right now.
Like, for instance, I don't know really why people buy their CDs and stuff since it's played on the record all, or on the radio all the time.
Like, for instance, 98 Rock in our Sacramento area here plays the same shit every day.
I can guarantee that I'll hear, like, a few songs, you know, certain songs every day.
It's just, it's just like a same playlist that's randomized.
When I worked at 98 Rock, we, my eight hour shift, you would hear a song 12 times.
and it would be the exact same, say maybe 13, 14 songs.
It would be the same song 12 times a day.
At least in one 8 hour show.
You know what though?
I'll say this though.
I got called from 98 Rock a couple times.
I don't know how I ended up on their list or whatever, but they called and would ask me to listen to little seconds of songs.
And the only reason I did it, I usually don't participate in those phone survey things, but I actually knew, I'm like, okay, what I'm saying might actually really have an effect on what they're going to play on the station, so I should participate.
And it was funny because...
A lot of the songs I'd never heard of before.
It was actually interesting.
So they were trying to test stuff I'd never heard before, but the majority of it that I found in myself liking was kind of a lot of the mainstream stuff I'd say, just because I was familiar with it.
But at the same time, there was a lot of that stuff I did recognize as me not liking.
I took one of those where they'd have me compare to, and my response to actually a lot of what they'd play, I would be like, I don't like either, I don't like either, I don't like either.
I forgot to tell you, this is totally a different subject Garrett ordered a video of Kana videos And so he's going to get it soon and you're going to have to come over and watch them
C.D.
Japan
You wanna find, like, good music?
Why don't you just do what a lot of people do, because every different type of music has this.
Why don't you go out and buy, like, samplers?
Because samplers, a lot of the times, not all the time, it depends on which label you go through, they will play new bands that not a lot of people have heard of.
And, yeah, compilations and stuff like that.
Go find those.
Play it, listen to them.
Honestly...
Yeah, movie soundtracks also.
Because honestly, you're going to find most of the music you're going to have in your music collections if you start buying compilation samplers are going to be all the ones you got off of those.
So basically, it really sucks, but stop listening to the fucking radio for five minutes and go out and spend five bucks and buy a damn sampler.
I just have a really simple basic theory.
It's just that people are going for what's familiar and what's simple, something that's not too complex.
Yeah, exactly.
So they go for Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera because it's simple.
But then everyone goes through their cycles of music.
They change.
I mean, I'm not listening to the same stuff I listened to 10 years ago, 5 years ago, whatever.
I mean, it always evolves.
I'm going to pass the mic.
Let's try and wrap this up.
I just wanted to say really quick.
Okay, go for it, Jamie.
Well, if you look at it this year, like, what do we have today, the Backstreet Boys?
You know, when I was in middle school, we had New Kids on the Block, okay?
In the 70s, there was, you know, the Partridge Family, but there was, you know, David Cassidy.
How many, he had fangirls, you know, just like when he died.
And we have the same thing happen today over these Poppy people.
It's because they have an image that can be sold.
Here's the thing, okay, really quick.
Thanks for watching!
Oh, okay, you can still be in that job and do good music.
Well, if you think about some of the best artists, not just music, art, anything, have been freaking Looney Tunes.
Like Van Gogh, high on absinthe and cut off his ear.
You know?
I can't remember the composer now.
But...
gave himself cholera-infected water so that he would die because he was... I was going to say real fast about five minutes ago.
I was going to say, as Zero was saying about the radio and, you know, stop listening to radio or whatever, try, and this is going to be a really cheap plug, but I'm serious here, go to internet radio.
Look around on Live365.
There are thousands of stations that are worth your time to listen to.
And if you want to sample new music, internet radio is a great way to do it because you have...
You have weirdos like us sitting here that put together their own stations of stuff they like.
And how do you find out about a lot of music?
Through your friends and what they like.
So go look at some other stations out there on Line 365.
We give you permission to go away from Orange Lounge Radio for a little while to go check out some other stations.
But not very long.
You've got to come back.
Yeah, 30 minutes, go.
What I was going to say, you were talking about Van Gogh.
Oh, no, no, Jamie was saying Van Gogh, he was such a talented artist, he was high on absinthe and cut off his ear, what'd he do?
Send it to his girlfriend.
He sent it to his girlfriend, I was like, well, I wonder, I bet the letter said, can you hear me now?
I know that doesn't make sense, but it was funny.
Did you have a final thought on the other topic?
Exactly.
Here's the thought that I have.
Go online, get your nice file sharing service, and download massive amounts of MP3s from artists you don't recognize.
Don't buy the CDs, because stupid artists, they don't deserve money, because if their music sucks, then they should learn, okay, no one's buying my CD, maybe I should think of a new career.
Did you put the disclaimer at the beginning that some of these people, their views and opinions do not reflect the opinions of Orange Lounge Radio?
If they don't know that by now, they're retarded.
You know what?
He's absolutely right, though.
If you can't make music, stop making crappy music.
If you have enough people telling you, hey, buddy, you're shitty, then stop making music.
Sometimes that doesn't work.
Okay, back to the Britney Spears analogy.
What about the one that says, you changed my life through your music?
There's always going to be somebody who says that.
Guess what?
Ghost in the Shell changed my life.
Because it made me want to be a ghost in the shell.
It's stupid.
You guys know how to make Lego sex.
First of all, all those people who are saying, oh, this changed my life.
First and foremost, the only one you should change your life for is yourself.
You need to take responsibility for yourself.
That's sad that one song changes your life.
The biggest problem with people today is they don't take responsibility for themselves.
Yeah, that scares me that Britney Spears is changing all these youngins' life.
It just scares me for my future.
They're putting the responsibility for their changes on other people.
They're blaming other people for what's going on in their lives.
They need to start taking responsibility and be their own person.
Yeah.
Yeah, it changed my life.
Now I wear short skirts and I have sex with everybody.
We had intelligent conversation We had intelligent conversation and debate
I guess that's debatable, and I'm sure our chatroom debates that right now.
We talked about porn, we worked porn in.
We got the blowjob thing in at the beginning.
Alright, we worked at the truck stop.
So, now I'm going to ask everybody, thank you everybody, what a good way to end Season 2.
What a very nice way to end the Season 2 finale there.
Just a reminder, everybody, next week, no show, but we got an even better thing planned.
Saturday, live, all freaking day, from B3, the tournament of the century!
At Pier 39.
We might be there Sunday as well, don't know yet.
We'll see.
Anyway, let me go around and get some final thoughts from everybody.
Jamie, you want to start or you want to be last?
I'll be last.
Okay, Brad, final thought.
Okay.
What lesson did we learn today, kids?
Music industry is communism.
Don't follow them.
Uh, okay.
Irene, final thought?
Doesn't have to be about the topic.
We've been discussing anything you want.
I'm tired.
You're tired?
Yeah.
Oh, I'm sorry, babe.
What time did you get to bed last night?
I didn't go to bed last night.
I went to bed this morning at, like, what, 6 o'clock this morning.
We went to Denny's after we dropped you off or whatever.
Oh, did you?
Yeah.
I was so tired, you guys.
It was so crazy.
Brad had to drive me home anyway.
People don't want to hear that.
People don't want to hear about that stuff.
I was very tired.
I slept for 12 hours today.
I didn't wake up until 4.
We drove it home, too.
Oh, yeah.
Loki, final thought?
Oh, sorry.
Were you done?
No.
I'm done.
Okay.
And you're spent.
Loki's busy working.
Let me ask Zero.
Zero, final thought.
Basically, my final thought is take everything we have said about the radio and use it in your daily life.
Don't be conformist and be an individual and don't let people tell you what to do and don't let them tell you what to like.
Be yourself, or else we'll just have a bunch of robots running around and it'll just end up being the destruction of the human fucking race.
Goodbye.
I guess I will go ahead and give my final thought.
My final thought is thank you everybody for supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you everybody who listens to this show every Sunday, our fans.
Thank you, by the way, to Kesa at Field of Pulse Radio, or fieldofpulse.net, Pulse Radio, for letting me be on a show on Saturday and promote tonight's show.
Thank you.
Check that out if you're into Sims Online and all that.
Thank you everybody who supports Orange Lounge Radio and listens to our Bimani Music Amore program.
It's been almost a year now that we've been doing Orange Lounge.
It's been a blast.
And in two weeks we come back to you with Orange Lounge Radio Season 3.
We're going to have a webcam of some sorts to show things when we want to show them to you.
Phones, we're working on it.
Loki is busy.
We were hoping that the phones would be the big thing we can bring into Season 3.
We don't know if we can have it the first week, but Loki is on it.
And we all know that that means scary.
So thank you everybody for your support.
We appreciate it.
Loki, quick.
I'm going to let Jamie do her final thought and then we'll end with yours.
Jamie?
Mine is, give me a dollar.
Len Loki, dare I ask, what's your final thought?
What I don't understand in this world is how there can be so many hidden camera people with these ugly guys going out, finding people in random places and getting them to do sexual acts on them.
So I leave you with yet another streetblowjob.com video.
What are you doing in here?
Just killing time?
Yeah.
And she's in arcade.
Hey, DDR related.
I'm sure there's DDR in that arcade somewhere.
Looks like Scandia.
Pretty open-minded girl?
I kind of have a moral fetish.
What do you think about it?
You think about it?
What do you think?
You into that?
Yeah.
Okay.
Just a little feminist.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Who's making out with Margie Fane?
The Cheat, The Cheat The Cheat, The Cheat is in the house Who's the man that looks like the Cheat?
The Cheat, The Cheat Who's the one with yellow feet?
The Cheat, The Cheat Who's the dude that moves to the beat?
The Cheat
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
