Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, we're talking money. Money money money money money. Some surprising financial developments have taken place.
We've also joined this generation of gaming consoles. Our thoughts, your chat comments, calls, emails, and tweets on this episode of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio with this episode number 535 for January the 12th of 2014.
My name is Rob Roberts, here to talk with you over the next few hours about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with my co-hosts.
Unfortunately not here tonight. The one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. She unfortunately came down with a sinus infection today so she felt with her new job starting very soon she should probably take the night off.
Which I understand. She is however in our chat room so if you want to say hi to her she's commenting along with the show at live.vognetwork.com
But that's of course only for the live listeners. Sorry for the podcast folks. But if you wanted to say hi to Jamie you could always send an email. Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com
But we do have on the skype line tonight say hello everybody to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hey Loki how are you doing?
I'm doing good. Still on baby watch.
That's right. Still Loki baby watch 2013 slash 14 still in effect.
Although for those of you that have been tuned out for a little bit over the holidays Loki has been joining us for about the past month over skype.
Because Mrs. Loki is in that last section of the baby making phase where the babies literally do any day now.
Yeah pretty much. I mean she's at the point now where she's just waiting for labor to start.
So she's off work and you know if the baby doesn't come naturally next week they're going to induce her a week from Monday.
So one way or another we will have a baby by the 20th.
So you're going to have a Martin Luther King Jr. Day baby possibly. Quite possibly.
I guess.
Very interesting. Although it could be before too.
Yeah it's on or before so anytime.
This is very likely. Should we place bets on this? I'm going to bet before. I think the baby's going to come during OLR's time slot.
So it's going to make it cancel out on the show at like 4.30 next week.
So no I'm fully expecting you probably won't be here next week.
So this very well may be the last Loki show we have for a little bit.
But just in case I don't get an opportunity to say it again.
Best of luck and may everything go swimmingly and can't wait to see your new healthy baby in the coming weeks.
And tell Mrs. Loki we're all thinking about her here.
Will do.
In the chat room over at live.vognetwork.com Blackwool says are we placing salty bets on Loki baby?
Quite possibly. Quite possibly.
SSJ100Matt says I'm sure Nellie would love it if it happened during the show.
And DarkSakura is in our chat room still having her voice at live.vognetwork.com says guys this is Nellie.
That baby has stubborn genes.
Well she's been, we've been trying everything you know all the like home remedies to get the baby out.
It's like okay spicy food. Nope not really doing anything.
Pineapple juice. Nope.
So it's just, it's just not coming out. We just have to wait.
But you know he's bigger already than Josh was when he was born so they don't want him to go too much longer.
So it's definitely the 20th or earlier.
Sure makes sense.
Brad our buddy from PodCulture is in chat saying no it'll be tonight. We'll hear oh shit gotta go.
I doubt it. I mean she was not having any contractions a few hours ago so I doubt that it'll be tonight.
That would, that would really be something if I, cause DarkSakura I had to call out just a couple hours ago and then I lose Loki mid show.
I would be left here with nobody but the mighty fine VXJSnXVXYZ.
And what a terrible thing that would be.
I mean I know then it would just be like alright I guess I'll have to just do the whole damn show between the two of us.
Well you know.
It would be, that would be quite a bit of an experience.
It would be an experience.
Hey my phone has Skype. What are you talking about?
I could just see Loki trying to do the show on mobile Skype on the way to the hospital with Nelly like turn that god damn thing off.
In the background.
That would be hilarious.
Or in the room with the rhythmic beep beep.
Right.
And then as he's starting to talk beep beep beep beep.
How are you doing, Jason?
I'm doing good. It's another, another mighty fine week.
What's new in your world? What are you up to? Enjoying, do you do any like tourist trap things while you're out here in San Francisco?
No, I'm not touristy in the least.
Like my, my life is literally like a five to six block radius of the apartment that I'm staying at and the office.
And then it's a commute south to hang out with people or north up here to help out with the show.
Oh you gotta expand your horizons in SF a little bit.
Peer 39, come on, everybody's gotta go there.
I've been, no I've done this kind of stuff before. My dad used to live in Gilroy and I visited for a summer so I did Alcatraz, I did Treasure Island, I did Peer 39 Fisherman's Wharf.
Um, I've, I've been to these places whenever things are going on at work I'm um obviously I tag along so I can socialize with all my coworkers immediate or not.
And um, I've, I've been through this kind of stuff. Left to my own choices, eh, eh, eh.
Fair enough.
I have other things I want to do.
When I'm working away from town, like when I went to Phoenix last year was the big trip I took for work, I, I probably did the same thing where I didn't leave like a small little radius from where we were.
And I mean the big difference with this now is that since I'm coming up on two years at work and also two years of coming out to the Bay Area,
like I kind of have my groove and I've been having conversations with people about whether San Francisco slash anywhere California is going to be home or not at some point.
I don't think it is but I'm definitely seeing the feasibility if nothing else. I don't think I want to live here but I see the fact that I can if I'm so inclined.
And so I have my routines now. I have my, I have my office, I have my job that I go into. I come back and I'm starting to get into producing more and more content.
Sure.
And I'm, I'm taking advantage of, you know, being, being able to do things while still being around people while I'm out here.
Because as soon as I get back home, I'm 25 minutes. Yeah, I'm at least 25 minutes from any coworker and only their houses.
So it would be, you know, it'd be like a pretty personal person, socially personal thing that I would have to, I would have to make plans with to go do anything with them.
And it'll just be a lot different. So the life of a telecommuter. So soaking it up as much as I can right now is really the gist of it.
That's fair. I understand. Talking about all the Pier 39 kind of, kind of made me think of back when orange Ontario was a station.
And one of my favorite days was the day we broadcast from the DDR tournament that was at Pier 39. We actually were live like all day long.
We used to, we haven't really done anything like that in a very, very long time. But I can't think of the last time we were like live for like an entire day outside of maybe the marathon episode and maybe like an E3 thing or something.
But that would be, you know, back when we were with, you know, other, other, it wasn't just us, it was like other shows coming together to do that.
But I remember that Pier 39 DDR tournament was quite an experience. I had a good time.
How did you even do it back in the days of like shitty wireless leads and everything else?
Isn't that funny? Like, yeah, like now you look back and you go, how the hell did we pull that off?
Well, we have tethering, we have MiFis. Back then we had to plug our computers into things for internet.
I guess the arcade was a really good sport about it. And they thought it was really cool exposure for them to be able to say that something like that was happening.
And they had like a DSL was like all the rage.
It was a really, really, really long Ethernet cable. I remember they had to run it.
We had to go to Radio Shack and get like a 50 foot Ethernet cable. It was huge and ran it that way.
And keep in mind, Orange Launch Radio was running our big thing right when we first launched. We were a modem friendly.
We were a 28.8K friendly dial-up radio station. So that was the thing.
There's still some relevance of that. It's happening all over again because cell phone speeds, cellular connections are not always terribly fast in all parts of the US and outside of the US as well where we do have listeners.
Yeah, that's true. That's true. But my how times have changed. My how times have changed.
Actually, that arcade is now a sports bar because I've been back to Pier 39.
I went there. You actually suggested it the day before saying, oh, no, not the day before the day of St. Patrick's Day.
I had a Saturday to myself the day after my interview and I was just kind of going around and I figured I'd go back to Pier 39 and kind of see what I remember.
Like I said, I was out here for a summer when my dad lived in Gilroy. That was 2000 somewhere around there.
And since I had done this before, talking to people that I know in the area that have been through San Francisco and just kind of solicited suggestions, you suggested Pier 39.
So I hopped a ride, caught a ride to get down there. And it was pretty it was not a bad sports bar.
There are still some pretty cool, good looking and well maintained arcade machines. No music games, not not even a little bit.
You've got to have your deer hunter game, your requisite deer hunter game.
They had one of the new Terminator, Rise of the Machines, whatever it is. And, you know, obviously the the obligatory basketball hoops, skee-ball type thing.
But the takeaway is that they actually seemed to be taking care of the machines because they looked pretty good.
All the screens were fine. There was no signs taped up on the over the coin mix or on the screens or anything like that.
Still a worthwhile place to go if you find yourself walking up and down the pier.
All right. Well, let's as much as fun is to talk about tourist traps and the fair the fair amount of arcade games you may find at them, we should probably go back to talking about gaming.
I want to get into our kickoff topic tonight and then we'll get into our gaming weeks and all that good stuff.
So, hey, my kickoff topic tonight, I literally have it on the show roll.
Tonight's kickoff topic is ass and titties, ass and titties, ass and titties, ass and titties.
OK, here's the thing, though. No, really. No, no, hold on. Don't change the station. Don't change the station. This does relate to gaming.
No one's changing the station or the kickoff topic is ass and titties.
They're turning it up.
We're going to talk about ass and titties, everybody.
They're trying to find the webcam stream.
OK, so here's the thing. Not my ass and titties. Hold on.
OK, here's the thing, in all seriousness, and yes, we are going to talk about ass and titties because last week I made a big deal on the show about,
OK, guys, I finally jumped the shark and I ordered my PlayStation 4 and my PlayStation 4 will be here on Tuesday.
So sure enough, there's the new parallelogram is sitting on the TV stand.
My PlayStation 4 is all hooked up and with all its gaming goodness and I've had a good old time on the PlayStation 4 this week.
So which console did you end up removing?
Oh, yes, I was playing television stand Survivor on Twitter this week where one of the consoles got voted off the island.
The Xbox 360 was voted off the island, actually.
However, it is not out of the game. It's been exiled to Master Bedroom Island is what's happened.
But now Sony has officially asserted its dominance over the living room.
For now, until I get the Xbox One, which I don't want the Microsoft fanboys to be all like, nah, but here's the reality.
I haven't really touched the 360 in a while.
The last big, big thing I remember playing on it was either Minecraft or the most likely the Mass Effect 3 Citadel DLC was probably the last big thing I played on 360.
And with PlayStation 3, there is still the Final Fantasy 10 remake coming and there's the Kingdom Hearts 2 package that's all coming out next year.
So those I knew were things that I would want to still have on PlayStation 3.
I couldn't think of anything on 360 that I would want to play next year that badly that isn't also on PC or something else.
Am I missing something, Loki? Did I miss an obvious choice?
Well, there's two. I mean, if you're not getting an Xbox One right away, there's Plants vs. Zombies, Garden Warfare, and Titanfall.
Titanfall I do want to check out, but that is on PC eventually, right?
It's PC the same day, but I guess you probably want to play it on PC.
Yeah, so either I'll check that out on PC or, again, the PlayStation 3 will have to be voted off the island when I can finally afford an Xbox One.
I just think that'll be more like summer.
And then by that point, I will have at least played the Final Fantasy 10 remakes.
Kingdom Hearts 2 we'll have to see. I might unfortunately have to just play that in the bedroom or figure out something else.
I had joked around that the Wii U was up for elimination, but not really because I still play enough Wii U.
I had people over this week and we were having a good old time with Nintendo Land, of all things, but I'll get into that later.
Because Ass and Titties. You guys got me distracted from Ass and Titties.
Here's the thing.
Miracles do happen sometimes.
On the PlayStation 4. I'm sure you all know one of the big features on the PlayStation 4 is that you can livestream your games.
We've even talked about this on the show, that it's not only the games that you can stream, but people have figured out that they can stream from Playroom,
which is just kind of the play space, if you will, the camera area where you have just silly little, like, make robots spawn and interact with.
They have silly little things like this with Kinect too.
There was, on Xbox, they had something very similar to this. They even showed it off at 1E3 and I don't remember the name of it.
Do you remember the name of the Kinect showroom that they had?
Well, they have, like, a Kinect, I forget what it was, they have some sort of Kinect Party thing.
Yeah.
They've got, I don't know if it is Kinect Party.
It was all download. They had something, somebody in chat will yell it out over at live.vognetwork.com soon enough.
So, okay, so I'm screwing around and I'm looking at the PlayStation 4 livestreams and one thing I noticed right away, it is really easy to just, I mean,
you power up the PlayStation 4 and it's all integrated, like, you just, your little bar shows up that shows all the little games that you have downloaded
and, you know, the PlayStation Store or the Netflix Amazon link and all that stuff and then PlayStation 4 Live.
So you go in there and you will automatically see what the top channels are.
And so I've been just kind of looking around and seeing what people are doing in the Playroom streams.
And I'll tell you what, it is a real toilet bowl of the internet, what's going on in those Playroom streams.
Last night, I kid you not, I'm not making this up, I actually was playing around with the, because, you know, the Vita will livestream from your PlayStation 4.
Like, it'll, you can actually do the whole second screen thing. It's, like, very similar to the Wii U and the Wii and it works very well.
I was very impressed with that.
So I was lying in bed about to go to sleep and I'm playing around on the Vita and I'm doing the PlayStation 4 and I look at the livestreams
and I tune into this channel that has 500 viewers that's just called, like, Party or something like that.
And it's these three bros and one girl that are in a room and I can't really understand what they're making out because, you know,
they're all loud and boisterous and those microphones are pretty sensitive, so all I can hear is blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You know, they're all kind of laughing.
Well, suddenly, the girl gets up, walks over to the camera, pulls down her top, plays, like, does the whole little, like, you know, the ending of Elvira
where she, like, does her, spins her titties around a little bit, like, she does that.
She does, I don't mean to be, like, too explicit, y'all, but this is, like, this is unfolding in front of my eyes.
I was like, oh my God, this is really happening on PlayStation 4.
She picks up one of her boobs and starts licking it and that whole thing and does these very explicit types of things on the TV
and then she laughs and goes back and sits down and I'm just thinking.
But what were the robots doing at this time?
Somehow the robots weren't there. I don't know how that happened.
So then I changed chan- I was like, okay, so I changed the channel and I look at somebody, there's somebody else's stream and it's, it's, it's called,
I was like, wow, there's all this, like, boobs and, and, and Alan and I were kind of joking, like, are there any dudes that are getting naked on there?
So sure enough, we see a channel that's called, like, Workout Session or Workout With Me or something.
So we go to the room and it's this dude that's sitting there and he's wearing nothing but gym shorts, right?
And he's, like, he's doing sit-ups and he's talking to the camera about, like, how he's trying to get in shape and all this,
but he sounds, like, really out of it kind of to me, like, like, I don't want to say he was on drugs, but-
But you might say that he's a resident of Colorado.
Yes, yes, he might be a resident of Colorado. It's, it struck me as he was very possibly in Colorado.
No offense, Jason, it's just your state's a little infamous for something right now.
I'm aware of these things.
So here's the thing, I just, I just happened to notice that as he's doing sit-ups, I was like,
I think he's very happy to be doing these sit-ups, if you know what I mean.
So my point in telling these stories, I'm not just trying to, like, titillate you with all these stories about girls and boys
and the things they're doing on camera, but I was just, like, this is a fucking Fox News story waiting to happen.
This is a ticking time bomb before somebody, I mean, that's how easy it was.
I turned on the PlayStation, went to the PlayStation 4 live, like, it's, like, literally, like, three button presses before I'm there.
Now, am I saying that, oh my gosh, this is gonna be a problem and all this stuff?
Well, I do think that parents should be monitoring what their kids do, and I think if parents turn on the parental controls,
they can probably block access to this and all this stuff, but you and I and everybody else knows that is not gonna happen.
Real quick, so this is stuff, is this going out over Twitch, or is this just via their internal, like, streaming thing?
I swear that the boob thing was on Twitch.
Now, I know we reported on this show last week, or, sorry, not last week, but a couple weeks ago that Twitch had removed Playroom,
but you can see when you're actually in the PlayStation 4 channel, there's a little icon that indicates if the stream is coming from Twitch or if it's coming from Ustream.
You see the little logo, and you can also filter, and it actually looks like there's room that they could put more into it,
so if those two services were to get overwhelmed or a third one pops up, but I swear the boobs were on Twitch TV.
Which I was like, how did they do that? Because I thought Playroom was banned.
Maybe there was another trick or something, I don't know.
It's not that it's banned, it's that it's delisted from the directory on the website, is my understanding.
So the PS4, you can still get everything that's being streamed from other PS4s, but if you were to get on your computer,
go to Twitch.tv and search for the game Playroom, it will not show up.
That makes a lot more sense.
You can probably still, even if you know the name of the account, I assume that you can still watch the channel from your computer.
But to browse to it and find it is too much of a liability that they delisted it.
But yeah, most of them are going through Ustream, Loki, to be honest.
Alright, I was curious.
But here's the other thing, it wasn't just the livestreams that were appalling, it was the chat.
It was the chat. The chat was just like, I was almost offended and appalled by what I was seeing in chat.
Like when that girl was showing her boobs and everything, all the chat was like,
show your pussy, was basically what they were saying in chat.
And I'm sitting there going, and it wasn't just like show your pussy, it was like show your pussy you fucking whore,
and show you fat slut and all this stuff, and I'm just like this is gross.
This is gross behavior. And it's like one of those train wrecks.
Like I should not be watching this, I should not be supporting this, this is dirty, this is wrong.
But it's like you can't look away.
So I'm just thinking to myself, I'm like this is a Fox News nightmare waiting to happen.
And it's all going to get blamed on PlayStation 4 and this is not going to end pretty.
Because there's a part of me that's really excited about the potential of what this could do for broadcast.
You know I'm a big champion of independent broadcasting and independent stuff.
And earlier today I went in there again before the show, I was kind of showing Jason,
and there was two dudes on there doing a show in Playroom that was like our gaming show every Saturday at 7 or something like that.
And they actually decorated their little kitchen to look like a studio and all this,
kind of like what we used to do with OLR back in the garage.
And I was like okay that's a pretty good use of it.
And the chatters there were relatively pretty respectful.
But I'm thinking it's only a matter of time before Sony's going to have to moderate what they push to the front page.
You know what I mean?
Like I just, yeah it's something else.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
I used the Twitch Xbox One app and they had the Playroom in the list of games but there were no games in there.
I saw a Playroom stream two days ago with a woman and she was playing with her kid and she was responding to all the nasty comments.
That is the vast majority of those streams.
It's just people sitting there in front of the TV while we're all staring back and saying the nastiest shit and they're just responding to it.
And they just watch the chat go by and respond and this is like, is this what gaming has become?
No, it's what the internet is when the situation arises.
It's that whole, you know we've joked about this on the show before, but it's time to penis, right?
Whenever you put a new peripheral out there, how long before somebody puts their dick in it or on it or whatever?
And sure enough, dick, tits, whatever, it doesn't matter, they're private parts, it doesn't take very long at all.
This is just that whole thing in reality.
How long does it take for somebody to whip their boobies out or for somebody to practically be running around with no pants on where it leaves nothing to the imagination?
You know what I mean?
I don't know, it's just fascinating, but is this going to end positively for gaming? I don't think so.
I think this is a ticking time bomb.
And if Sony doesn't change this quickly, it's going to get real ugly.
Real ugly when one of the big stations reports on this.
Well at least if there's any benefit to this, it's that the local news won't pick up on this for at least another couple of years.
So we're still okay.
That's true.
Scottatron in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, awesome, so dude bros and a few morons are going to ruin it for everybody, typical.
Alan Alchemy says, but it was just spools of sewage directed at any woman.
Anyone who still thinks that being a woman on the internet, quote, isn't that bad, needs to see this shit.
It is literally everywhere and instantaneous.
I hate to say it, but absolutely. I mean, it's pretty appalling.
I'll second that.
It's pretty appalling.
Now, are the men objectified too?
A little bit.
Sure, especially the dude who is working out.
You know, he was getting the gay thrown out, which is a whole nother, you know, stop saying that, you toilet bowl commenter or whatever.
But I mean, they get a lot of that too.
But it is, it's really bad.
You know, when somebody's got a stream where it's like, you know, OMG a girl and all the comments are just like the most misogynist of things you can imagine.
It's pretty gross.
Tigerclaw in chat says, what Sony needs to do is put on some sort of explicit tags on streams that are showing mature content.
Kind of like how Twitch TV lets you change a setting on your account to warn people that you're showing mature rated content.
I think Sony needs to, I think they need to moderate what playroom streams they push to the front page.
I think what Sony needs to do in a firmware update is they need to filter out at least.
Now granted, I think in any game what's going to eventually happen is that even in the little camera window people are going to go crazy.
But I think for now to avert a real crisis, what Sony ought to do, they need to filter out the playroom streams.
And maybe you can still search for them if you know the name or whatever.
Or that Sony will only push playroom streams that they know are doing relevant content, let's just say.
I think the way that Microsoft implemented this and Bobby talked about two or three weeks ago is actually really relevant.
This doesn't disagree with your point, but that if anybody is reported and verified as having been doing something with this, they get delisted. Period.
And not even allowing people to search for them if you're going to do this kind of thing.
I'm kind of conflicted because ratings are a thing, parental controls are a thing, and you shouldn't outright punish someone for doing something.
But until an alternative exists, if anybody is caught doing something like this, just delist them.
They can still stream, they won't get any feedback, they're going to stop streaming.
What they should do is just have, when they're reporting these people, instead of having these anonymous reports, have it capture five seconds of what they were watching.
That way they can say, okay, yeah, that's definitely not appropriate.
I'll go a funny step further and say that when one user reports a second user, that the first user should not be able to see the second user anymore at all.
Just to prevent, like, it's still on, I'm going to report them again even if nothing's going on.
That's diving down a whole other rabbit hole.
The only concern I have, and maybe I'm being a little too tinfoil-hattish with this, but I just kind of see the reality of this as it's as easy for me to see tits on my PlayStation 4 like I did last night.
It's as easy for me to do that as it is to turn on cable and go to, you know, CNN on the cable box.
It's exactly as many button presses as it was.
And my thought is that everything on the cable box is regulated by the FCC.
I think some of it's a gray area, especially late at night, because I know Comedy Central used to show, like, the underrated movies and stuff.
But all that dialogue aside, it's moderated and it's filtered and it's government-controlled.
But this stuff on PlayStation 4, and I don't think we want to see it necessarily government-controlled.
And, you know, the Internet is a worldwide thing.
How do you control with the government something that's worldwide?
But my mind is just going, something's gonna give here.
And if Sony doesn't do it, somebody else is gonna step in and it's not gonna be good news anywhere.
And if Xbox gets this streaming thing soon enough, considering every Xbox owner has a camera in their house,
the problem very well will only be worse for Microsoft if they unveil this whole thing.
Because I'll tell you what, those PlayStation 4 cameras are harder to find than the fucking system.
I don't know how these other guys are finding them. I can't find them anywhere here in a 100-mile radius.
Yeah, they are very allocated by Sony. They're getting ready for their Japanese launch, so all their accessories are hard to get right now.
Yeah, so I'm just saying, it's gonna be very, very interesting.
Alright, going to live.vognetwork.com.
Alan's saying, the dudes get, let's see your dick, happy face.
The woman's get, you're fucking fat, let's see her dirty bleep bleep, you ugly bleep bleep, this boring slut, show us beep beep beep.
It's kind of a false dichotomy. Yes, people ask the dudes to do dumb shit, but it's not soaked in gross insults.
I will agree with that to an extent. I think there's still gross insults on either side, but is it unfortunately weighted way more towards the women?
Yes, I would agree with that, and that's very unfortunate. But that is the reality of what we're seeing right now.
Bobby Blackwell says, less Rob, the PlayStation 4 will push further to the left in the bar the stuff you used the most, or most recently.
Live with PlayStation could realistically be the first thing you could click on if you use it enough. That's very true.
And DarkSakura, of course, saying hello in our chat room, saying sorry, all the pussy talk reminded me to feed Midna.
Glad we could help. Glad we could be of service there over at live.vognetwork.com.
Alright, and Act F says, people will bitch if Playroom gets shut down or something.
Well, there is quality stuff to be seen on Playroom. Unfortunately, it's just not the stuff that's at the top of the list or the most easiest to access.
The two dudes that were doing the live show about video games was like about three pages down if you scroll down.
They only had like 20 viewers, whereas last night the girl with her cha-chas was at 500 and the dude wearing the gym shorts was like 250.
So, there you go.
DarkSakura says, it's built into society and it can be combated, but it has to start at home.
Alright, anyway, so I just wanted to get that out because I was just like, it's going to be one of those things where you're going to see it on the news and we're all going to be like, that isn't gamers.
That has nothing to do with gaming, but it's going to be the gaming community that takes the heat because I'll tell you what, it's going to be one of those ignorant local news people.
And yet, I say ignorant because I bet you anybody, this reporter will not be a gamer themselves, so it will be somebody who doesn't know what they're talking about when it comes to video games.
It will be an ignorant TV reporter that gets up there and says, well, you won't believe what gamers are using their PlayStation 4 for and it could shock you.
That's the story that's coming.
And it's going to be like, you know, I bought my kid this console for his birthday and this is the filth he saw immediately when powering it up and he came calling back to me and saying, mommy, I don't know what's going on.
It's going to be like one of those, just like all those porn on the 3DS stories.
Tall in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com with a very firm comment here that I think is important to address says, I would disagree. This is a part of gaming culture.
You know, despite what I just said, unfortunately, I do think he's right a little bit.
I think it's a part of human culture. This is by no means a specific thing whatsoever.
That's very true.
You will find it everywhere because it is human life.
It is a very ugly pointing the mirror at ourselves, at a society in a way.
That's a very good point.
But certainly you see a lot of that in the game, you know, just the way that women have been treated in the past and the insults that people hurl at each other on Xbox live.
I mean, that all has been a part of gaming culture, but you're right.
That's almost part of human culture as it is too, unfortunately.
Cosplay circles, you know, anime in general, anime, unfortunately, kind of especially because of the subject of the show, anime and manga both.
But also there's an argument to be made with gaming is that with the improvements and realism and everything else that technology is being used to benefit gaming is also making this thing more accessible, easier, for better or for worse.
Heavy stuff.
I don't know if there's an easy answer to this and I'm glad I'm not the guy that has to make these sorts of decisions.
But it's going to be fascinating to see how this next year plays out with these consoles.
If you have further thoughts, please feel free to email us.
Mailbag at OrangeOnTrader.com or you can also tweet us.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
You know, I'll tell you this.
I had that before I even saw the guys doing their little gaming show, I had that idea where I was like, dude, if I got one of those PlayStation cameras, we could do OLR through the PlayStation.
And we would get like, we would easily be able to be like in the top and it would get, be like a whole new audience.
We get all these new listeners. Oh my gosh, it would be great.
But then I'm thinking in the back of my head after I'm watching some of these streams, honest to God, my reaction was, do I want some of these people listening to OLR?
I don't think it's a bad idea to be honest.
I mean, yeah, there's going to be idiots and stuff, but they won't stick around.
They may show up for a little bit, but then they're like, oh, hey, someone's showing their ass on this one.
And then there'd be guns.
True. True.
And I would honestly, I would just hide the chat because you know, in PlayStation 4, you can either shrink your screen down so you can see the chat or you can just have the thing be full screen.
And I would honestly probably just have it full screen with it written on the whiteboard or something to join chat, go to our moderated chat room.
But I don't know.
I mean, again, I'm just, I'm brainstorming aloud.
This is not nothing we're actually thinking of doing.
But I'm sure there's a lot of other podcasters having the same thought.
I don't think I'm some type of like genius who thought of this idea first or something.
No, absolutely not.
I think a lot of people are weighing, how can I use this technology to do my thing?
One last little bit of this is that it doesn't even take anything particularly specific for this to happen.
I was watching the wrap up of All Games Done Quick, Awesome Games Done Quick last night.
And as they were finishing their official broadcast stream, there's a thing in the speedrunning community, probably maybe the game streaming community at large,
where they take a featured stream with a lot of viewers and they want to pay it forward, so to speak.
They want to take the traffic and send it on somebody else that's worthy.
Awesome Games Done Quick was wrapping up and so they wanted to send it to another guy that they recognized with good Super Metroid speedrunning talents.
And so there was a person transcribing stuff on the screen.
He accidentally linked to somebody else that was playing Legend of Zelda NES.
And I pop over to the channel because I'm kind of curious, thinking it was going to be Super Metroid.
And it's just dude sitting on his chair, full screen, you know, majority screen playing Legend of Zelda.
And first of all, the chat was scrolling 10 million miles a second.
But second, there was also like approachingly raunchy stuff.
Mob mentality, I guess, sort of thing.
Just kind of like the fact that they were trying to have their second to shine, they were trying to have their moment.
And they were trying to one-up the other people that were saying specific things.
And he was just, and the guy that was playing, when he noticed that his screen was scrolling by, he kind of walked up to the camera.
Whoa! And then just kind of went back to playing the game and something probably happened like 10, 20, 30 minutes later whenever there was a lull in gameplay.
But literally nothing was happening except somebody was playing Legend of Zelda NES of all things.
And people come in and just start going crazy, expressing themselves in a matter of speaking.
You know, I'm glad you bring up though the whole awesome games done quick thing.
Because obviously what they accomplished over the weekend, well over the week really, was a really cool feat.
Because they ended up raising a million plus dollars for cancer research.
A million bucks, two times their target for the week.
Thank you for bringing that up because I think that brings a very nice little bookend to the story about the cesspool of live streaming and the bad that comes from it.
And then we have this really great like, but we can't throw it all away because there's these great things that come from it too.
I mean that whole thing is a direct, you know, kind of reflection of the live streaming culture as well.
Is that, you know, thanks to that, you know, you've raised all that money and that's the real good that can come out of this too.
So, you know, just things to think about. It's not all bad I guess is my point.
In fact there's some real, real, real good stuff coming out of it.
As with anything, people can take advantage of it for better and people can exploit it for worse.
Very true, very true.
Alright, anyhow, let's get into how is your gaming week and the types of video games that you've been playing this week.
You want to finish off your week Rob?
I guess I should start, huh, since Jamie's not here and I did bring up PlayStation 4, right?
Okay, so going into our gaming weeks, my gaming week.
So yes, I got a PlayStation 4 and besides all the stuff I just brought up, I have been playing some games on it.
You know what's funny? I actually don't have any disc based games right now.
I'm going to be getting some. A friend of mine is getting me a good deal on a couple games.
But right now I'm just kind of enjoying what's able to be downloaded on the PlayStation Store and what's available through PlayStation Plus.
So I played like a good seven or eight games on PlayStation.
I mean I downloaded stuff that, excuse me, I already had on PlayStation 3 that was cross by like Flower.
Which, yes I can tell the difference playing it on PlayStation 4.
It's just a lot crisper and even more vibrant.
I mean generally it's the same game, especially a game like Sound Shapes.
Really didn't look any different to me at all.
But Flower you could see just a little bit more.
It was very subtle but it was just that much crisper and looked that much better on PlayStation 4.
I will say a game that I really enjoyed on PlayStation 4 that I was really surprised because this game didn't really get that good of reviews.
But reviews aren't everything. It's sometimes about how you view a game.
I actually played all the way through a game called Contrast that's available for free.
Or at least it was. I don't think it is anymore.
But it was available through PlayStation Plus for free.
And I had that. And I actually played that from start to finish.
What's interesting about it though, the only reason I probably played that on PlayStation 4 is that it was free.
Because the game is also out on 360, PC, PlayStation 3.
And PlayStation 4, the graphics, it looks good but it doesn't really look that much better than what you would see on PlayStation 3.
But I wasn't expecting it to be much better because it's available on those systems.
But I liked it's setting a lot. I liked the style of the storytelling.
I loved the mechanic about how your character can become a shadow.
And basically the shadow kind of blends into the wall.
And you solve these puzzles and move around in the shadow.
And then you can phase out. And then you get later in the game you phase objects in with you.
And that's how you move things around.
It's a really interesting little mechanic.
The game's a bit buggy, unfortunately.
You really see some graphical bugs as you're going through it.
I have a really bad feeling this game was rushed.
Probably to try to make the PlayStation 4 release.
But yeah, there are some bugs.
But nothing that broke the game for me.
Yes, I did see some graphical glitches.
But it was nothing that broke the game or took me too far out of the environment and being able to see it.
Which I really love the style of the French carnival sort of theme that the game had to it.
It was really cool.
And it's short. It's a short game.
You could probably play the damn thing start to finish in about...
You could speed run it probably in like 45 minutes if even that.
But I think a normal person playing through it, it'll probably take them about 3 hours to play through it.
Depending on how good at platformers you are.
It wasn't anything too, too difficult.
But I thought the story was good enough.
And the ending kind of made me go, oh, that's kind of neat.
I was left feeling pretty good about the ending.
Even though in the last section I was like, alright, they're trying to wrap things up pretty quick.
So I think it was a little bit rushed, which is too bad.
But for the most part I enjoyed the game, especially for the price of free.
And I enjoyed my time with it.
So yeah, I did play through that start to finish.
I also played Resogun, which I know a lot of people on PlayStation 4 are playing.
And the only thing that kind of bugged me about Resogun is...
I was almost overwhelmed by all the buttons there were for a little shooter.
Because you have the overdrive and the bombs and everything.
And I don't think the tutorial in the game is really that good.
But I figured it out eventually.
And I guess through a little bit of trial and error I was able to figure out how it works.
Like, oh, okay, you shoot the little green ships.
And that's what breaks the guys out of the cage.
So when you see those, okay, now I've got to go pick up the guys.
That took me a little bit to kind of get the hang of in some trial and error.
But once I got the hang of it, Resogun's a pretty fun game too.
And then one other game that I've been playing...
Well, I've been playing the two pinball games, of course.
But those I've already talked about on prior episodes of the show.
I would say the one other game I've been playing a little bit of on PlayStation 4 is Don't Starve.
Which is the free game right now for January, which of course is also available on Steam.
A lot of people playing that on the PC.
Don't Starve is kind of neat because it's almost, in some ways it's kind of like Minecraft.
Where you're trying to go around the world and collect things and craft.
And you've got to do things so that the creepers don't get you in the middle of the night.
It's almost like that same type of thing.
Except it's more in a 2D world.
But I don't want to make people think it's Terraria because it's not.
It plays a lot more like a overhead, kind of like Zelda-esque, if you will, type of game.
But you're like gathering things and crafting and trying to survive through the night type of thing.
The only thing that bugged me about Don't Starve, and some people are going to criticize me for this viewpoint.
But I don't care because it's my viewpoint.
And this bugs me about games.
The game had no tutorial, no explanation, nothing.
Just throws you in and you've got to figure it out.
Okay, I understand that that's the charm of some games and some games are better for that.
But I'm going to be honest with you guys.
I didn't like Minecraft for the longest time because of that exact same thing.
When I first played Minecraft, I was like, what the fuck am I supposed to do?
What the hell is this?
What am I supposed to do in this game? What's the point?
It wasn't until I played it on the 360 that it had a short five minute tutorial thing where I was like,
oh, this isn't so bad. I get this now.
Oh, Minecraft is actually kind of fun.
I think Don't Starve, although I get that the whole joke is the object of the game, Rob, is don't starve.
Okay, yeah, I get that.
But I think even just a couple, a little short explanation about this is what the game, this is what you're supposed to be doing,
would have helped a little bit.
But not everybody is going to agree with me there.
Some will argue that that's the whole charm of the game is being able to see it unfold what the game really is as you're playing.
But I'm going to tell you, in my mind, that was a little bit of a hindrance in the beginning.
And sure enough, there's Bobby in the chat room saying, they said that that was by design, the lack of a tutorial.
Well, I'm saying that was not a good design choice, in my opinion, and I'm entitled to my opinion.
He's also saying that the PS4 counterparts of Contrast and Flower, both compared to the PS3,
and in the case of Contrast, the 360 version are both maintained framerate and smoothness much better.
Oh, really?
Which is interesting because I always seem to remember new consoles, especially new architectures,
kind of lagging in certain ways and not being able to keep up just because the optimizations and efficiencies haven't really been worked out.
But apparently that's not the case for these.
Okay, at least somebody agrees with me in chat.
Fifth Dream says, yeah, I can't get a hold on Don't Starve, and I don't feel like going to Game Facts to get a manual.
That's how I feel.
Let's see, SSJ100Matt says, I'm glad you enjoyed it though, Rob.
Yeah, I had a hard time figuring it at first.
If it weren't for me playing it at PAX East and watching others play it, I wouldn't have gotten it either.
So there you go.
Yeah, I did play a little more, and I was starting to get into it.
I was like, okay, I get it a little more, but it's one of those games I need to go back and play more.
Because honestly, I played Don't Starve for maybe an hour or so, but then I was like, I need to go back and finish contrast.
So I did.
Otherwise, PC, I've still been playing a lot on PC.
I know I've been going on and on, but I've actually been doing a lot of gaming this week.
I just want to give a shout-out to this game as well, because I was playing an awful lot of it this week.
And I continue to play Path of Exile, which is the free-to-play game that's an awful lot like Diablo.
Honestly, I think Path of Exile is a better game than Diablo 3.
And one of the things that they do, that Diablo doesn't do, is that they do these races, they do these league races.
And I did my first race this week where it was a one-hour, it was called One Hour Endless Ledge,
where you would play the ledge levels of the game that were just over and over.
There was no caves or anything, you just play those levels over and over.
And it was who could level the highest in an hour.
And it was my first time, I didn't do that great.
But I didn't die, it was all in hardcore mode, and I got to level 12 or 13 without dying.
Now the people that were doing really well, they got all the way to level 26 and so forth,
so I ended up maybe in the middle of the pack above a bunch of dead characters.
But I was still pleased with my progress, and I had fun with it, which is the most important part.
So yeah, if you like roguelikes, Diablo games, you really owe it to yourself to try Path of Exile.
That game is great, and I can't believe it's free.
All of the microtransactions are either additional inventory space or cosmetic things,
and they've been making it work, because people have been supporting them after playing a lot of the games.
That's great.
Alright, over at live.vognetwork.com, Nate432 says,
Is Killzone any good to get for PlayStation 4?
Again, I don't have any disc-based games yet.
That's probably in the next week, I'll have some of those.
I've been hearing good things about Killzone, but I have not checked it out myself yet,
so I really couldn't say anything about that game.
DarkSakura in our chat room reminding us, speaking of Diablo-like games,
Torchlight 2 is on sale right now.
Yeah, Torchlight 2 is also a really, really great game in that same family as Diablo 3 and Path of Exile and so forth,
and that's really good.
Okay, I've yammered on enough.
There was even more stuff I played, but I've yammered on plenty.
Let's go to some more gaming weeks.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Well, let's see, this week I played a little bit of Minecraft.
In fact, right now I'm spying on the people playing Minecraft right now on the VOG Network server,
thanks to the dynamic map that we have on there.
I did play that too, and I'm glad to see more people are using it this time, it's great.
Yeah, we've got three people on there right now, so that's fantastic.
So I've been doing that, I'm actually doing some planning and stuff,
just trying to fix the mob arena thing that we have in there,
doing new classes for that, and one of the things we kind of came across today is
I may force upon everybody a resource pack, which will adjust some of the skins in the game
to maybe change some of the weapons they have, firing other objects,
instead of making them look like hoes, it'll look like a gun or something,
so I may put that into effect at some point.
So I have that, and then, what else did I play? I played a ton of different things actually.
I played Grand Theft Auto 5 this week, I went back and played some of the online in there,
and so far so good there, I leveled up to like 42 I think on Xbox,
and so I played through that and then passed my first survival mode in there, so that was pretty cool.
I played a little bit of Child of Eden, because I actually bought the digital version off eBay
for like 6 bucks a while back using some of my eBay points or whatever,
and so I actually played that a little bit because Josh wanted to see me play games,
and he wanted to see that game, so I'm like ok fine we'll play that,
and so I played that a little bit, it's still fun,
and let's see I also tried, there was a couple indie games I checked out,
I did play Time Viking and Space Raptor, which is, it's silly and cheap,
but great music in it, so fun little dollar indie game that you can buy.
I noticed that like mostly indie games on Xbox Live, indie games as far as like the top ranked ones,
they're all Minecraft type games, or some sort of Deathmatch type games,
it's Avatar Deathmatches or Minecraft, that's everything.
Minecraft games are the new hello world for game development.
Pretty much, let's see, I was going to say also, what else did I play,
I played a little bit of Call of Duty, and actually went back this week also
and was working a little bit on Saints Row IV, so I played through that a bit.
What else, I was redeeming some more Steam codes that I've been sitting on for a while from some old Humble Bundles,
so I'm now up to 197 games, and I thought I played some other Steam games that I had, maybe not,
but I'm going to try to get through this backlog of games I have maybe this year,
and try to play at least everything once.
Alright, well good luck in that goal, especially trying to get through that huge Steam library I know you've got going on there.
Oh yeah.
A lot of discussion in our chat room over at live.voguenetwork.com around Torchlight 2,
there's a couple people interested in it while it's still on that Steam sale,
so I see a few people kind of jumping on that, so that's pretty good.
Let's see, Fifth Dream says, I got Child of Eden physical copy for like $4, I haven't played much yet though.
So, looks like you can find that on pretty good sales at some places.
Before we get into Jason and what he's been playing this week,
well DarkSakura wanted me to pass along, because DarkSakura wanted to talk about her gaming week with y'all,
and so DarkSakura did not go into-
She obviously sent you a virus over IRC.
She has passed me her sinus infection somehow through the inner tubes.
DarkSakura says Animal Crossing and My Japanese Coach, she's been playing,
and Russian Dancing Men, aka WeebleStuff version of VibRibbon.
I have no- is that-
She was talking about that last week.
I've never heard of that, it's kind of neat.
Well, it wasn't exactly a big topic, but she said it was coming out and she needed to play some of it this week.
Gotcha.
So she did.
And DarkSakura says, and Minecraft, my Normandy is amazing.
Yeah, I know, when I logged into Minecraft, I went into the VoG server this week,
and I saw that Normandy that you guys built DarkSakura, that is damn impressive.
It's huge.
There's a huge Normandy, that ship.
But the only problem with the Normandy is, there's no door on it.
So the only way to get in, somebody finally cut a hole in the ceiling,
so I noticed it when I was flying over, I was like, oh, somebody put a hole in the ceiling.
So I went in and I was like, damn, this thing is huge.
So that was very impressive.
In fact, I think somebody had left a sign that said, holy shit.
And so I left another sign that just pointed at it and said this.
I'm with stupid?
Yeah, something like that, something like that.
Well, listen, let me be honest.
I didn't actually make that, it's a schematic file.
I just was testing out one of the plugins I have,
which is like a little NPC character that goes around and builds stuff off a schematic.
So I don't want to have like 50 Normities, though, on the map,
so that's why I'm not saying how to do it.
But I will have different schematic files that people will be able to generate.
You can actually do it instantly with WorldEdit,
but it's more fun watching an NPC run back and forth and actually build it block by block.
I don't know.
No, that is, I would like to see that in progress sometime.
That's pretty cool.
So there's Dark Soccer's gaming week.
All right, now we can go to Jason.
Jason, how was your gaming week?
Since it's been forever since I've played it
and since I'm a little bit interested in a lot of the stuff that's been added in,
I actually downloaded, went back to Minecraft.net and downloaded the client again,
and I didn't do anything else with it.
So I didn't play Minecraft this week.
I actually jumped into this gaming, this generation of console gaming.
We, for a long time now, the office has a couple of Xbox 360s, a couple of PS3s,
and more often than not, the game that a bunch of my coworkers play is FIFA.
Earlier in the week last week, or Friday the week before,
sometime very recently, I walked into our little gaming section of the office
and there was a whole bunch of green boxes stacked in one of the chairs.
And I walked over to it wondering what it was,
because it seemed kind of familiar, and sure enough, it was an Xbox One and two controllers.
While I'm still in the office, we'll have all four,
and I can actually put the controller that I bought for myself to use.
When the system by itself came in, there was only Forza.
We're left to our own accounts, so if I want to buy any games
and be able to play them there, I can.
I didn't.
I downloaded Dead Rising, Killer Instinct, and what was the other demo?
Lego Marvel, but I didn't actually get a chance to play that.
So, since Forza was the only title there and I was interested in checking it out,
I got the whole system set up, which was kind of a nightmare,
because when you turn on the system, you get a picture of the controller
and a little pulsating thing over the guide button,
or whatever they're calling it, this generation.
It'll also start showing you the pair button on top if you have to pair it with the system.
So I did that, and it recognized that the controller connected,
and then the controller would zoom in and there would be a pulsating light over the A button.
And I hit it, and it didn't do anything.
So I tried the other controllers.
They synced, but the A button didn't do anything.
TLDR, I reset that console probably six to seven times.
Just restarted, not deleted everything and started all over.
I restarted that console at least six times before I could actually get the controller to sync and start it to join the wireless.
To its credit, the entertainment center that we have in the room is basically like a gigantic shielded cage,
so we had to wind up setting the one on top of it so that it could get enough signal to play.
But then there was the 500 meg firmware patch, initial firmware patch that took longer to download than it should have,
even after we resolved the wireless problems.
A couple strange connectivity issues that I'm, because we used the wireless at work,
I'm pretty damn sure is a 360's fault and not ours, but I digress.
It was a hassle. It took two to three hours process that was completely nonsensical.
I don't expect it to happen again if and when I actually wind up buying that console this generation.
Okay, Forza, really, really, really good looking.
BlackWolf made a comment when he was talking about this game a couple weeks ago that the outrage,
the worst thing of Forza is the crowd and they look flat because I think they actually are,
or certainly they don't have body depth.
And he said it wasn't a big deal because you don't focus on the crowd.
I'm gonna disagree with that because when I was playing, whenever I play a driving game,
I will either play over the shoulder Birdseye style or I will play in the car itself.
What other ways are there, Jason?
There's technically, so the difference is...
Dog style, hanging out the side window.
Ace Ventura, cracked windshield style.
That's the first time I've heard dog style used in a clean context.
I was trying to quip that myself as well.
So to be fair, there's two in-car views with car decoration without car decoration.
And there's various levels like, like, you know, Daytona had the four styles.
It's basically, those really are the only two ways.
In the beginning, Jason, it just kind of sounded like some car out of the car.
Sometimes I like to be inside and sometimes I like to be outside.
From space, RC style.
Sometimes I like warm weather and sometimes I like cold weather.
Sometimes I'm in the front seat, sometimes I'm in the back seat.
It's Sunday, it's Sunday.
So I was playing in the driver's seat.
And the track that I remember most vividly is the Top Gear test course.
And the announcers, you know, they're all over that game.
And the people stick out like a sore thumb.
Their colors are a little bit off.
And when you're coming up like, you know, you're coming into a turn that's practically a U-turn.
And so you come in on one side of the people, wrap around them and head off.
And when they don't rotate or when you should be able to see the depth of the people and they look off, it's distracting.
Maybe that means I'm not paying enough attention to the road.
Probably true, but I still picked up to it.
If it's obvious enough, though, that you kind of look at...
And I've done this in games before where it's like, maybe it's not really a big deal.
But I'll kind of look at it and go, okay, that looks weird and out of place.
I've definitely done that before.
When they're putting in the effort to model all of the raindrops on the car and all the different reflections and stuff.
But they can't spend a couple polygons extra on the people.
To be fair, there are probably thousands, but the comparison you're making is very relevant.
Did it ruin the game, Joe?
Oh, hell no. It absolutely did not.
It stuck out and it was...
You just wanted to disagree with one of Bobby's points here on the show.
I am totally okay with that, Jason.
I... yeah.
Love you, Bobby.
And at the same time, I also knew about it leading in.
So, oh yeah, I did see that.
Whatever.
Confirmation bias. I don't know.
But it was still an absolutely gorgeous game.
I had a whole bunch of fun with it.
To the extent that I can have fun with a simulation racer.
I'm very much more of an arcade racer.
I played around with a coworker where I turned all of the assists off.
Ah, that game sucked.
Without Anilock breaking and the guide arrow.
One little piece of disappointment that I learned is that I thought...
So when I started playing the game, I knew there was a little bit of assistances in breaking, automatic transmission, all that kind of stuff.
But it wasn't until I raced a coworker that I found out that straight up breaking is assisted for you, too.
That kind of disappointed me because that's like half... well over half the challenge of racing is appropriate breaking for drifting and turns and all that kind of stuff.
Can you turn it off bit by bit, though?
Yes, absolutely.
Because I remember... I was like, in Forza Horizon, you could choose what assists you wanted.
I'm also... and also, you know...
There's brakes in this game?
What was that?
I've never used brakes, so I don't know.
I thought those were the walls that we ran into.
Brakes are for wusses.
And also, to be fair, I have never played a Forza title before. Ever. This was my first one.
Horizon is so good. I really hope they do Horizon 2 for Xbox One.
Honestly, if they come out at E3 and they're like, Forza Horizon 2 this holiday, I'm gonna be like, I just bought an Xbox One.
Well, you have six months to save up, so five months you can manage.
Totally fair.
But, yeah, I had a really fun time. I started racing on above average.
I liked the fact that I could blow past Black Wolf's Drivatar within the first lap of the race.
Not to keep hammering on Bobby's points, but it's my only frame of reference right now because I haven't played the Xbox One Forza myself.
I know he talked a lot about how the Drivatar system was really... what's your thoughts on that?
I think that's a very hard thing to judge because I just now played the game, I don't have the reference of knowledge of how much detail Bobby went into that game.
So what he did or didn't use assist-wise, what difficulty level he raced on, I have no idea.
I do remember him talking about consistently being about halfway up the field, like 7-6, something like that.
At least that's what I remember.
I pretty consistently, on the 100% defaults with all assists and on average, could hit first or second without too much difficulty.
I started playing around with some of the assists, then I also turned the difficulty to above average, which is just one step up.
I think there's still two more ahead of it. Fourth, fifth.
Don't be showing off your skill too much here.
My real question, I guess, in this is, is the Drivatar system a good thing or a bad thing in your opinion?
I like it because of the bonuses and benefits that it provides to a particular account, to a particular player.
And the driving felt... I read a lot into the fact that, oh, you're racing a real person instead of AI.
That's horseshit. It's learned AI.
But it still felt right because there were still the right kind of challenges and the differences between the tracks that people would take.
It wasn't just 12 competing cards on the perfect guideline, and they would actually take insides and outsides when they shouldn't necessarily do that.
So it kept the same sort of variety that I've learned from simulation games, and it still felt like a good, challenging race.
I guess that's what it boils down to.
And as those cars can continue to race, they provide credits, in-game credits, back to the player, which seems fun. A benefit for everybody.
Any other Xbox One titles you were just checking, like Killer Instinct?
A little bit of Killer Instinct, and I am also completely terrible at that game too.
I went through, I played a couple training matches. Yeah, whatever, I'm okay. I remember a little bit from the SNES days.
I started grinding through the dojo, and I got 15 or 16 stages in, and I was starting to understand the mechanic.
But I was literally just pouring through, this is how you low punch, this is how you low kick.
I've heard that Killer Instinct has a really good tutorial though.
It's incredibly granular, it is incredibly comprehensive.
But it was the last thing I played before I left, so I was kind of running through it as quickly as possible, maybe not reading as much of the detail and getting into it.
But I want to revisit that, obviously I still have a chance to.
Played a little bit of Dead Rising 3.
It's Dead Rising?
Oh god, Dead Rising demo has a 30 minute limit, or 20 minute limit, one of the two, and two execution limits.
You can only start the demo two times.
I don't get it.
This seems like, like, I...
They don't want people to just play the demo over and over.
You can't even play, like, give us more than two executions so we can understand if we're gonna play the game differently, let us play the game differently.
But a two execution limit with a time limit is the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
I mean the DS demos have what, 30? But it's the full game.
Any demo with a limit of how many times you can execute it is fucking stupid.
Yeah, I've played, I've played Sonic, Mario and Sonic at the Summer Olympics, one of the two.
And I knocked down, like, six or seven rounds of that while I was trying to decide if I wanted to pick up the game or not.
That's, that's liberal that if you play the demo 30 times, I don't know, I don't see a situation where that's bad.
But the DS games aren't the full, wait, is the Xbox One demo the full game, or is it just like the first 20 minutes?
I doubt it.
Okay, I was gonna say.
It drops you in the action and there's no story to speak of.
Okay, because the DS demos, like the ones that I've played, like Kingdom Hearts, Dream Drop Distance, and The Resident Evil, you know, that's just a small section of the game.
Especially the Kingdom Hearts one was not really that in depth, and it still has a 30 play limit.
And it's like, I would maybe need two, but I honestly got a feel for this off one.
I don't know who the, what the character's name is, I don't know why he's doing what he's doing, I don't know where it's taking place, because I don't think it was Willamette or, or, uh...
No, it's a whole separate story.
Yeah, and I kind of gleaned a little bit just from the communication that's happening and whatnot, but there are no details of the game.
They just start you, which is great, but the two execution limit is still gonna bug me, because I can only play it in theory one more time before I leave.
And I, because I didn't have enough time to play it the first time, that means I have to really make the most of the second time, and then I'm screwed.
Which is very strange to me.
Um...
Anything else quickly before we get into, I wanna, we've been running for about an hour, so I just wanna make sure we get to news.
Well, if somebody didn't have to talk about so many lewd acts, no, no, no.
Look, the viewers want ass and titties, I'm sorry.
We gave it to them.
I think that that's certainly the most important. That was the notable parts of my week.
Although I would, I would like to hear more about Xbox One, I just, I'm gonna have to come visit and see it in action.
Do it.
I really did not get a feel for PlayStation 4 until I really got to see it in action, which honestly wasn't until I really got one myself.
And just got to really see how the interface has just, and I imagine it's gotta be the same on Xbox One.
It's the same for everything. How can you take something in when you're not in your own, like, comfort zone to sit down there and take it all in?
Exactly, but one thing I noticed about PlayStation 4, and I'm sure you noticed this about Xbox One, is that there was a lot that I was doing on PlayStation 4,
where I was like, oh, this is what PlayStation 3 needed to do.
Like, queuing up a game to download, and it downloads the game and the patches while you're in standby mode,
it just does it, and then it's installed, ready to go the next time you turn on your PlayStation 4.
That's what we all expected the PS3 to do.
Two quick other anecdotes.
A coworker of mine was talking about how slow the installation process is on the Xbox One.
And I agreed with him at the time, but I forgot that Forza is a 6 gig install, and it was gonna take a long time.
The fact that I was playing after half of it got installed, pretty damn nice.
I was playing in less than 10 to 15 minutes, if I recall correctly.
And, hey, Weiland, Xbox, turn off. Sorry.
Related to this, another coworker of mine, we were...
Did you see the video? I don't know if this is where you go with it. Did you see the video on YouTube of the guy who's...
He actually went into Call of Duty, and his name, his gamertag, was Xbox shut down.
And so he did this...
Hey, it's Xbox, sign off.
Oh, that's it, thank you. Xbox, sign off.
Sorry to anybody who's listening on Xbox One, I'm sorry. I'm really, really sorry.
And you thought what I did was bad.
I know, unplug your Kinect for a minute, because I gotta tell this story.
So his name is Xbox, sign off.
And, like, all these people, while he's playing Call of Duty, because you know how people will tend to call people out.
Hey, Xbox, sign off. Off.
Okay. No, but he would be jumping up and down in front of players, and people would be like,
What the hell are you doing, Xbox, sign off?
No, no, no, wait, wait, wait.
The reactions were pretty fucking funny, I gotta say. Anyway, sorry, tangent.
So we were, again, crowded around our gaming room, and me and coworkers were just kind of socializing.
And we started talking about something that I wanted to show a video of.
And so I'm, you know, I'm facing my coworkers away from the Kinect, and I just kind of turn my head over to the left.
Xbox, launch YouTube.
One of my coworkers looks at me and busts out in laughter.
And then the TV starts doing things, he's like,
Whoa! How'd you do that?
I was like, I just told you, dude. I just told you and the Xbox.
And then he busted up in laughter again, because he didn't realize it was actually gonna work that way.
Kind of fun, relatively natural voice.
The fact that there's no dictation, speech to text, is obnoxious.
There is for being searching, there is not for anything else.
So far as I could tell, so far as I could figure out.
A couple of other weird nitpicky things, but I've used my Kinect with the 360 quite a bit.
I enjoyed it. There's better integration on the Xbox One.
I'm gonna take advantage of it.
Hopefully they fix these rough edges for the shitty troll commands.
Alright, let's get into, since we've talked about our gaming weeks,
and quite extensively gone over some of the new consoles,
I'm curious, those of you guys that have been getting your PlayStation 4s and Xbox Ones,
what are your guys' thoughts on everything?
Certainly would open up the email bag for that.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
Other housekeeping I want to mention, don't forget to follow us on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R. We also have a Facebook page.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
We will be here next week.
The roadshow we've been talking about doing this month
is gonna have to be put on the back burner for a little while.
I'm hoping we can reschedule that for the summer at some point,
but it's not gonna work out.
With all the personal stuff people are going through on the show right now,
it's just not gonna be able to be happening.
But I'm hoping something like that can be rescheduled for the summer.
We'll see. That would be exciting.
Alright, anyhow, let's get into gaming news.
Loki, why don't you start us off tonight?
Yes, so this week at CES, there were some announcements from Sony.
And during their press conference, they announced a few things,
including PlayStation Now, which is what they're calling their brand new Gaikai service.
It's gonna be launching this summer,
and it's basically meant to bring streaming of PlayStation 3,
PlayStation 2, and PlayStation games to the PlayStation 4, PS3, Vita,
and other devices, including tablets, TVs, and I'm not sure about phones,
but definitely other devices, Android and iOS and stuff like that.
So very cool.
And they were even showing off a demo at the convention
where people were playing The Last of Us on a Vita.
And apparently it worked pretty well.
But it's hard to say right now how it's actually gonna work in a real-world environment
since they had the server basically down the hall,
but it looks pretty cool and something that I'm looking forward to,
especially since I have a big library of PlayStation Plus games.
It'll be interesting to see how well those will stream.
Yeah, it's one of those things where you really don't know how it's gonna go
until you are able to get your hands on it.
And I just think there's so much potential for variables.
And even though PlayStation might be able to get this thing working flawlessly in their bubble,
how's it gonna work in the real world?
For people that live out maybe not in a major city, is it really gonna be that good?
How's it gonna work?
Well, they said it's basically that you only need five gigabits down,
I think is what the minimum was for it to work.
That's still high for some people.
For a lot of people it's not bad.
For some people that's still high.
True, but networks are improving and speeds are getting faster.
Yes, that's true.
So maybe by the summer it'll be rolled out in more locations,
and it's not necessarily something that everybody wants to do.
I don't know, I think it's a neat idea.
Yeah, I'm curious to see too what pricing looks like.
I love the idea of possibly a Netflix-style library for PS1 and PS2 games.
That would be freaking awesome.
Yeah, that's true.
The other thing is they mentioned that there may be some sort of rental program built into there,
as well as some sort of subscription program that would be separate from PlayStation Plus.
I'd be wondering too if I bought games on, let's say on PlayStation 3,
I actually bought PlayStation 1 games in the store,
because there was a couple of those I bought.
I think about Castlevania Chronicles and City Code and One.
If I bought those games in the store, would I get access to those on PlayStation 4?
I would think that you probably would.
You would think, but maybe not.
I don't think it should be a given.
I mean, look at Virtual Console.
You have to pay a dollar to upgrade on Wii U.
Yeah, but look at a lot of the stuff that Sony's done.
Most of their stuff is cross-buy anyway,
so they were kind of the people that brought that to the forefront as far as,
hey, you buy it on one console, you get it on all of the consoles.
Nintendo hasn't really picked up on that yet.
They figured, hey, we can charge you a few extra bucks for this Virtual Console title,
because one, we overcharge you from the get-go in the first place,
and two, we did things to it this time, so you need to pay us more money.
I was going to say the same thing with the cross-buy initiative.
I think it's a pretty safe thing to say that Sony will be as loose with it
in terms of compatibility that they can with regard to things like compatibility.
Well, we'll see. More details probably on this in the coming months.
Did they say that this was coming out sooner rather than later,
or is it the type of thing where we won't see more until E3?
Summer.
So E3, you'll see a lot more on this.
Maybe they'll unveil it, or they'll roll it out at E3. Who knows?
All right. Well, meanwhile, in the world of Xbox One,
Xbox One, you can view Twitch streams on Xbox One,
but you can't broadcast ass and titties yet on Xbox One.
And a lot of people are asking, well, when is that going to happen?
Well, a tweet from Twitch TV themselves indicates that it might be a little while.
A tweet that went out earlier this week said,
Xbox One direct broadcasting. There is no ETA at this time for Microsoft.
Expect a few more months. If we know sooner, we'll update.
And there's no reason for this. We don't know what the real holdup is or what's going on.
We don't know if maybe Microsoft might actually be seeing what's going on on Sony's system
and some of the things we talked about at the beginning of the show.
Maybe they're getting some cold feet about some of it. I don't know.
Or it could just simply be a programming. I mean, we don't know.
We could make things up until the cows come home.
But it doesn't seem like it's going to be happening anytime soon.
I want to say I saw a related story where an executive said,
We promised it before E3. So this thing could not be out until April or May or even early June at this point.
Or maybe I think they could still get away with putting it out at E3 and still come out looking good.
I think maybe it's just more complicated because the way they have their systems set up.
The fact that it's like three operating systems running on top of each other.
That they may not know how. It may be hard to. What exactly do we show on this?
Is it just going to show everything or is it going to show just the game?
Or we can also have this stuff that's snapped in there because remember it has an HDMI in on it.
That could be maybe there's some sort of abuse to that.
They're just trying to make sure they can filter all that stuff out maybe.
Maybe. We'll see. So I'm very curious to see how different it looks when it comes out.
Or if it's going to be very similar to what you see on PlayStation 4.
Well it's going to look like Metro I'll tell you that much.
Which is a whole bunch of squares so maybe it's not too terribly different from what the PS4 did.
Is everything a table of blocks and tables and squares and maybe not so squares? It's just the easy thing to do.
Even the PlayStation one is kind of blocks and squares though.
It could be worse. It could be like the Vita where everything circles.
You mean Google Plus style?
Alright.
State of Decays developer Undead Labs has signed a multi-year, multi-title agreement with Microsoft Studios.
A lot of the speculation of what this means is that Undead Labs can start proceeding.
That they got the green light for an MMO that is still going under the name Class 4 right now.
But that doesn't really suffice the multi-title agreement.
But that's the odds on favorite to take place.
New contract which is a nice antithesis to everything that was happening last week with everything just kind of disappearing.
So at least we're getting a positive outlook continuing into the year.
I would just like to see an actual, I guess we will see an MMO on the Xbox One once the Elder Scrolls Online launches.
But maybe something else on there?
It'll happen.
I mean online is prevalent and powerful enough now that if they're not doing it they're missing out.
Well I don't know how it is on Xbox One because I know Killer Instinct is their big free to play thing that's out.
And I don't know what else is there but I did notice there is a pretty big push on PlayStation 4.
There's several free to play things, like I knew there was DC Universe but I didn't realize there was Warframe.
There's one other one that's like a free to play first person shooter on there.
There's already like a handful of free to play things on PlayStation 4 so I don't know.
Anything that you may have picked up from PlayStation Plus is only sweetening the deal.
Yeah really.
Well I don't know, to be honest these free to play games that are available on PlayStation 4 I don't know if they're system sellers.
They're all available on PC.
Well maybe not system sellers but let's compare your experience of starting to mine.
I played one, two retail titles now with FIFA.
I've played two retail titles now and everything else was a demo.
The marketplace on Xbox One didn't rub me the right way just in available titles and especially arcade titles in general.
Yeah they were out there but they weren't particularly prevalent and it felt like I would look through, I would thumb through the catalog in ten seconds and I had seen everything and I was done with it.
I think, I don't think PlayStation 4 is as much better as you might think.
There's still, I mean the good news is a lot of the stuff that's there, there's a lot of free to play stuff with the pinball and so forth and the PlayStation Plus stuff since they didn't have Drive Club.
Remember, Contrast and Resogun weren't supposed to be free but they ended up pushing those through as free because they weren't able to get Drive Club out for the launch.
And these are new consoles, they haven't had a chance for the catalog to come up or new titles and not just classic whatever backwards compatibility system they do have.
Yeah, still to come.
Alright, let's go to Loki.
Alright, so of course the MPD numbers have finally come out and before that there were some pre-end of the year announcements of sales and for 2013 the Nintendo 3DS software sales of course increased and they've sold 11.5 million units in the US.
And I guess they're planning to announce their third quarter earnings later this month but right now they're saying that's a 45% increase in software sales from 2012.
Which, yeah, there's a lot of good titles that came out this year and even I would think a lot of stuff that was coming out at the end of the last, well 2012, like Mario Kart 7 and Super Mario 3D Land or whatever it was.
Those are some good titles so they've had a pretty good year I'd say.
Moving on from that, let's get our first look at next gen sales.
The 3DS had a good year but did they say anything on the Wii U at all?
Oh no, Wii U what?
Yeah exactly, that's what worries me a little bit is when Nintendo doesn't really say anything about the Wii U then you kind of go, hmm.
I think we've all known this though that 2013 was a rough year for them.
Well, but then there was that wank that came out last week about how VG Charts had said that they outsold the Xbox One in the last week.
Wasn't that like literally like two days of the end of the year though? Plus it was an end of the year story.
Just saying.
Colin, 2012, 2012 was a wash, 2013 was a year.
Let's put it this way, they outsold the Xbox One for the entire year but the Xbox One has been out for a month and a half versus the Wii U that was out for the entire year.
Oh, I didn't even realize that the time, that's just plain silly.
That's what they were talking about. Not in that same time frame as when, you know, not in that six week time frame, they're talking about the entire year.
So yeah, that's not that impressive.
Alright.
Speaking of the Xbox One though, the Xbox One hit 3 million sales before the end of the year.
And that's actually sold through and not just sold to stores.
They of course, they passed the 1 million mark on the first day of retail across 13 markets because they launched globally.
And it only took them 18 days to make 2 million.
And of course, to go along with that, Sony announced during their press conference at CES that they've sold 4.2 million units of consoles worldwide as of the 28th of December.
And I guess they were saying that they were meaning to ASL another, they sold 2.1 million units across December.
So that's pretty good. I'm not sure what they're forecasting though for 2014 but they definitely hit their number.
I think they were originally saying they wanted to hit 3 million by the end of the year so not bad.
Yeah, they're still pretty hard to find so 15 million units! Pinky's up. Anyone knows.
Well it's going to be interesting because I think, like I mentioned before, I think we're running into a similar situation where there's not a whole ton of content coming out.
I mean they've got actually a little bit more for Playstation 4 and Xbox One versus the Wii U.
The Wii U I actually posted on Twitter. The Wii U is running into the same damn problem it had before with last year where there's nothing coming out.
There's literally 4 titles, 4 retail releases between now and April. And they're not big titles either.
I mean there's Donkey Kong so that's going to be coming out but the rest of them are really small third party titles that have been delayed.
I mean Hello Kitty I guess you want to save the game of the year for that but there's 4 titles coming out in 3 months.
That's kind of the same problem we had last year. That's not going to move systems.
Yeah that's not good. That's not good news. But I mean that's unfortunately a direct result of the third party abandonment of Wii U.
Yeah.
Alright well let's move on to... I don't know if this is better news but Jason what do you have for us?
I was reading an article over the course of the week, an op-ed posted on Polygon by Ben Kucera.
And basically what it boils down to is that we've made a big deal about how these super crazy 3 fourths, 80%, 90% sales, we live for this kind of stuff on Steam, Desura, GOG and anything else.
And that a couple of people have expressed how they feel like it's unfair to the original authors, to the original developers, designers, the publishers and everything else of a video game.
And basically this article struck me as really interesting because it reminded us, it reminded me of a really specific point.
There were some games that were less than 6 months old that went on sale, usually not more than 50% at most and usually much less.
Probably from what I recall of looking at the catalog definitely closer to like 25, 30, 15% those kinds of things.
And what it boils down to is that when you release a game, unless you have a crazy resurgence cult smash, when you release a game you make up, you recoup any sales you're going to in the first month or two.
Because after that people have probably forgotten about it.
That's changing with MMO and other long living kinds of games but you know the rush to get the game is going to happen in the first month or two.
And immediately after every other additional sale is as good as it's going to get.
If it's full price, great.
But if the long tail is made up of a ton of people paying less than that, it's still worth it because it will be more exposure because more people will be willing to pick it up when it's at a discounted rate.
So any, at least some individuals feel that if you feel that these sales are an outrage to popular games that would otherwise make a lot more money, probably not.
Because they've already made what they're going to make in large part.
Everything's reported as the first week, the opening week, the opening month.
After that, it's not exactly as defined and it's really just up to the long lasting nature of the game for them to be able to continue raking in any additional income.
That's very true, is that most games are judged within its first month of sales.
You get very, very, very few games where it's like, oh this game was a slow burn but it ended up doing okay.
Or you know, oh this game made a big revival later on.
Like maybe a game like Katamari Damacy did that, but how long ago was that game, you know?
And Mario is going to be in a pretty similar situation. We were talking about how 3D World was not doing particularly well.
It was the lowest selling game in its launch window in its first week or first month than any other previous Mario game and there's been a steady decline of that.
But as more people pick up the Wii U and this kind of stuff becomes available, it will have, it should have a good, you know, resounding success over the long term.
And Nintendo stuff doesn't get discounted that much. Like I don't know that I've ever seen a Mario game in the bargain bin.
That's true.
So those games more than anything else have a chance of riding out good two, three year.
Although they might have to discount the system again.
I think they're going to have to.
Give away the razor to sell the blades.
Yeah.
Why can't they just have like Steam sale type sale on virtual console games? I mean, that would be fantastic.
They were for a hot minute. Like they were doing that 30 cent promotion. Like, you know, where the games, which is, you know, practically free.
Because 30 cents is nothing. But yeah, they didn't, they didn't, that went for just like last year and they haven't really done anything like that since.
I know Wii U does do sales once in a while, but it's, you know, so does, so does the Xbox marketplace and so does PlayStation four, you know, it's, it's really nothing different than what you see there.
So, all right, Jason, I think you have something else for us.
Yeah. Double header.
Double header.
Continuing financial news and results and everything else. Basically, as of the conclusion of the year, due to many other non-gaming facets of Sony, Sony's stock fell to a rate that Nintendo had a wider market cap than them.
This is also in the, oh, what's the Japanese stock exchange called, the Nikkei, I think.
Sony, Sony's market cap dropped to 1.86 trillion yen, which is about 17 and three quarters billion.
And Nintendo's market cap was still above 1.93 trillion yen, about 18 and a half billion, 18,500 billion.
If that number actually makes sense in your brain, it barely does in mine.
But the, and this is, this is, this is in large part, conceded as the fact that Sony is a huge company that has stakes in not only gaming, but also in media, both music and movies.
Publishing as well as development, as well as licensing and everything else that the, you know, that the Sony conglomerate covers, where Nintendo has largely shrunk down to a single purpose.
So it's kind of spectacular to see that somebody that does less is able to withstand a company that reaches all of digital entertainment in the modern era.
And going to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com, Dungeon Buster says, poor Sony.
You know, I don't think anybody's really crying for Sony in this case, because, you know, Sony's still selling a shit ton of PlayStation 4s, and it's probably a better story right now than what the Wii U's got.
And everything that is successful can be spun off.
You know, these are all subsidiary companies and everything else that can be sold off selectively, so that other places post better gains, and the hemorrhaging wounds are skirted out.
Sony has survivability one way or another, and by no means does this spell bad for Sony. They'll survive.
Yeah, and they will. But this also goes a long way for the people that are like, oh Nintendo should just throw in the towel and make mobile phone games.
It's like, did you forget about the 3DS? You must have just forgot about the 3DS. You must have just forgot that it's there.
There's even some companies like EA that have, you know, not only have they cut off Wii and Wii U, they're also done with the 3DS.
You know what, though? The news isn't that great for EA. Two words, Loki. Battlefield 4.
And no NCAA, so that's even less money coming in.
I have a really, really, really quick comment about that.
Sure.
A new coworker just started last week. You wanna guess, in the context of EA and Battlefield, you wanna guess what his username on Twitter is?
Fuck EA?
DICE. Who's the company that develops...
Oh no.
You'll never guess the kind of tweets he's been getting in the past month in large part.
They make for good stories, though.
Oh my gosh.
Pretty hilarious.
He must have in his bio line, I did not make Battlefield.
There's actually three different kinds. There's a rapper in Texas or something like that.
And then EA, DICE. And then reality TV show somebody's cousin or something? I don't know.
But he also starts to retweet some of this stuff so the people that actually know what's going on...
It makes for great stories. I've been laughing so hard.
Is this him here?
That's him.
Blaming me for Battlefield 4 will get everything fixed.
I love that he has a sense of humor about it.
He's taking it in stride. He's a wonderful guy.
It's great.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Zones Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, ball.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
And let's see what unfinished games are coming out to a store near you very soon, if anything. Loki.
Nothing this week.
Thankfully though, after this week, once we get into the 28th, we'll actually get some games coming out.
I was going to say, the end of this month, the Tomb Raider HD edition, whatever they're calling it, is out, right?
And then February, you get the Rayman.
Definitive Edition.
Yeah, Definitive Edition. You get the Rayman ones too.
My mistake. Nothing for two weeks. I forgot. There is still another week in there, so wow.
Yeah, it's still a drought. But once we hit the 28th, then there will actually be game releases every week, so that's good.
Alright, we're starting to get back into it.
Alright, speaking of getting back into it, Japan finally seeing some releases after a couple, a little bit of a drought for them.
So Japan does have a few things right now.
A lot of it though is price reductions, although there is some new stuff, but you do have price reductions on Borderlands 2, the Game of the Year edition.
Musou Orochi 2 and Shinsekoku Musou 6 Empires, all kind of going into their best hits.
The only new game I see on PlayStation 3 is Short Piece.
Tsukugime Ranko no Ichiban Nagai He comes out this week.
Like a miniature version of One Piece?
Bandai Namco. What, Short Piece?
That was a dumb joke.
Yeah, it sure was.
Well, I'm trying to look at screenshots of this game to see kind of what it is, because I don't know, is this like an anime?
It kind of looks like it might be based on an anime. I'm just not as familiar with those, but I see a lot of anime-looking cutscenes here.
What the hell game is this? Oh, Bullet. It's got to be a shooter. I see a bullet meter.
And a...
What?
Is that a giant dog game?
It is. It is a giant dog.
It's here to wreck your day.
The things when you can't put screenshots together, my god.
Can you put that on the YouTube for people or something?
I certainly can.
Such destruction. Many shooting. Wow.
Very bullets.
Very bullets.
Much dodge.
There you go. Bullet dodge.
Bullet dodge.
All right. On the Xbox 360 in Japan, the only thing of note there is that Borderlands 2 goes to the Game of the Year edition there as well.
On the PlayStation Vita, nothing this week.
On the Wii U, nothing this week. In fact, they don't have anything until February when Puyo Puyo Tetris comes out in February on Wii U.
Let's see. On the 3DS, Vitamin X Evolution Plus.
I don't think that's a drug-dealing game. I think that's just something else there.
On the 3DS, and lastly...
They don't have drugs in Japan.
Classic game, like Dr. Mario.
On the PSP, Ch no Dokuhana no Kusari Taisho Iroki Ibun comes out from Prototype.
Yes, they are still a steady stream of PSP games in Japan.
So, go figure. This looks like kind of like a... I don't know if it's like a romance game.
Definitely a dating or visual novel game.
Yeah, but that looks like objection.
Objection!
I love that Phoenix Wright in that scene there. It's love and lawyers or something. I don't know. There you go.
How about the UK, Jason?
Kind of a light week continuing. It'll be a nice time whenever these releases start to really ramp up later this year.
But tomorrow, possibly today already with the time zones.
On the 13th, Nidhogg on the PC. On the 14th, The Banner Saga reaches PC.
On the 15th, they finally will be getting Assassin's Creed Liberation HD on the PC, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and Dr. Luigi on the Wii U.
Lastly, on the 17th of January, Mario Party Island Tour comes to the 3DS.
And that's that.
Alright, just a couple more news stories for you guys before we get to the classic game of the week. Loki.
Alright, so Nintendo, they've won a patent lawsuit.
This was actually one of the companies that was suing them based off of the, I want to say a patent that had to do with the Wii Balance Board and the censors in that.
And as part of it, not only did they win against IA Labs, but IA Labs was forced to pay them compensation for their legal fees and stuff and had no money to do so.
What did they do instead? They went ahead and bought up all of IA Labs' patents.
So, they're not going to be doing that again.
That is a shockingly good turn of events.
Well, judgments aside about whether or not their patents were or weren't deserved in the first place, the fact that they couldn't pay is something I've not really heard of.
And for Nintendo to just kind of bring in all of those and not have them sold off to somebody else that turns around and does the same damn thing.
Good news for Nintendo.
Yeah.
Very good news.
Alright, one more story for you guys about arcade games.
Ironically, after we kind of reminisced a little bit on last week's show about some of the big pompous things, like prop cycle and things like that.
There was an interesting article that was ran on USgamer.net this week that talked about what the 10 biggest grossing arcade games of all time were.
Actually, no, I take that back. It wasn't this week, it was actually last week.
It kind of slipped under the radar though, so it was called to our attention this week.
But I wanted to go over it because, hey, arcade games.
And I also thought it was interesting because not a lot of the games were modern.
I don't know if you've peaked at this story at all, but Jason, if you were to guess, and Loki, I don't know if you've peaked either, but if you guys were to guess, what would you say would be some of the biggest arcade grossing games of all time?
I would easily put those for any of the tabletop and various format games from the late 80s, early 90s.
At least a couple of these would be owned by the Donkey Kongs and DigDogs and Jousts and Rally-X.
More recently than that, oh god, I would assume that at least one of them has to be, like, some kind of game.
But that's about all I could really guess.
I would have said for sure Pac-Man, because that game was so huge in the 80s, don't underestimate it.
And Street Fighter II, for sure, because that game...
That's what came to mind as a classic fighting game that probably made it.
I would have also guessed newer games like Capcom vs. SNK 2, I would have guessed Soul Calibur, I would have guessed Driving Games, I would have thought Initial D.
I would have guessed Dance Dance Revolution, to be honest, would be on this list.
I would sooner say Daytona USA than Initial D.
But maybe it's because games like that have several incarnations.
There's the original Pac-Man, yes, there's Ms. Pac-Man, but there really wasn't much beyond that.
Whereas, you know what, there's like 17 Dance Dance Revolution games, and Driving Games and so forth.
Well, here it is. Here's what the top games are of all time, time, time, time.
Now, keep in mind, this is also with adjusted revenue.
And that's a big factor too, because when I tell you number 10 is Space Ace, you might go, huh?
That's for a game that was critically acclaimed, but not exactly the highest success, because it's very strange nature.
It also took two or three quarters to play the game.
Which, you know, back in 1984, whenever this game was out, yet now two or three quarters is kind of commonplace.
Back in 84 it was very rare, so, you know.
Number 10 was Space Ace, number 9 was Time Traveler, and by name alone, I was like, what the fuck game was that?
And then I was like, oh god, it's the hologram game that Sega put out.
This game was awful. I would have never guessed it was in the top 10.
But because it was the hologram game, and that part of it was pretty cool, you know, it eats up quarters.
Because people are like, OMG, it's magic.
Number 8 was Tron, which I would say is a pleasant surprise.
I would not have guessed that that would have been in the top 10, but it was, so I go, okay, cool.
Number 7, Dragon's Lair, for the same reason as Space Ace.
Number 6, Defender, which I think sometimes we forget how big this game was.
A game like Resogun? Heavily inspired by Defender.
So, you know, how does...
Number 5, Donkey Kong, as you would have guessed, which, you know, I'm sure.
Number 4, Street Fighter II.
Number 3, Street Fighter II Championship Edition.
So they are counting them as separate games, and that's kind of interesting that, you know,
but if you were to put those two together, it would probably be damn near number 1.
Number 2, Space Invaders, which, as you remember, is probably bigger in Japan than it was here,
but it was still a big deal here.
And then, of course, number 1, Pac-Man, which I'm sure is a surprise to nobody.
I'm surprised Daytona's not on there, because there's Daytona machines everywhere.
Number 1, Pac-Man.
If you adjust the inflation on how much this game has made since its launch in 2013...
Keep in mind, these machines still make money. Still.
You know, because every barcade's got a Pac-Man machine, and people go,
LOL Pac-Man. I even do. I play Pac-Man and Ms. Pac-Man if I see a machine.
I'm like, oh, what the hell? For old times' sake, right?
Let's see if I can get to board 256 today.
Paperboy, Marble Madness, and Punch-Out pretty much, and Tapper at the drop of a hat if I see it.
3.4 billion dollars. Billion.
Avatar is like the highest-grossing movie ever made, and it's only made about 1 billion. 1.1 and change.
Pac-Man's made 3 billion plus.
That's also in a much smaller window. As soon as Avatar's gone, it's gone.
Home video, yeah, whatever, but same kind of argument as retail games.
Outside of a certain window, they're done, and then you just pick up the onesie-twosies afterwards.
Alright, let's do a little bit of reminiscing since we're talking about arcade games.
Let's do a little more reminiscing in a segment we call the Classic Game of the Week.
Every week, Dark Sakura jumps into the gaming vault and finds the game that she thinks,
hey, you kids should be playing this game this week, dammit.
But this week, she missed.
But this week, she got sick. She OD'd on playing too much of the game she was going to pick for you guys,
which I admit was a really cool game, so I almost said, oh, I'll just do her game for her,
but then I'm like, ah, but she might want to talk about it.
So we're going to shift her game to a future week when she's back,
and I'm going to take over, mwahahaha, with a game that I have chosen for this week's Classic Game of the Week.
And the Classic Game of the Week that I have picked this week is a game called Arkon.
Alright, Arkon, the light and the dark.
Arkon was probably best known on the Nintendo.
It was an NES game, so a lot of people know it from the Nintendo,
and the video that you guys are going to see on YouTube comes from the Nintendo version as well.
But I also remember this as what?
A Commodore 64 game.
This is a Commodore 64 game that a lot of people mistake as a chess game when they first look at it,
because it does look an awful lot like chess.
You have a lot of, like, pawn style pieces that are in the front,
and you have stronger pieces that are in the back and so on,
but, you know, Arkon is the type of game that could really only be done in the digital era,
because the game board shifts and changes colors,
and your pieces have spells and all this crazy stuff in the game.
This game you probably also would know as the game that has the battle arena,
not to be confused with battle chess,
but when two pieces meet up, they actually do battle with each other.
They actually go into an arena, and you use the controller to move them around,
and, you know, if you just have one of the little pawns, like one of the little goblins,
and when you hit the button, he's just going to go with a sword.
Oh, we're going to see a battle taking place right now, actually,
with a unicorn and a little goblin guy, and that goblin guy is hosed,
because he just has a little club, but you can beat the unicorn over the head with it,
but the unicorn can, like, fire projectiles.
Of course, the unicorn is going to win in that particular case.
So that's kind of how the battles work there.
So, I mean, it's very much unlike chess in that regard.
Just because you move on to a square doesn't mean you're necessarily going to capture it.
So, the original development of this game was for Atari 8-bit computers in 83,
but it was ported, of course, to the NES, the Commodore 64.
It was also on the ZX Spectrum, the Amiga, IBM PC, Macintosh, PC-88, Amstrad CPC.
Whoo, it was on a lot, a lot of different systems.
How is it possible to port to that many different systems back in the day?
In the 80s, that was common.
I mean, yeah, games were simpler, but, I mean, come on.
Today, we at least have, like, modern technologies to make that kind of thing easier.
One or two dudes did it.
Yeah, yeah.
In fact, the designers of Arkon, three guys,
I'm sorry, actually not, I shouldn't say three guys,
because there was actually a woman as well.
Ann Westfall was one of the designers of this game.
John Freeman and Paul Reich III all did this game, so that's pretty cool.
So, you might think the game is chess, but of course it's not.
The pieces are, you know, moved around by the player,
and some have different moves than others,
but of course getting rid of a piece is not automatic,
because sometimes they will do battle.
The squares on the board actually can affect the battle,
because if a dark player is on a dark square,
then they're going to get a bonus,
but if they're on a light square, they're going to have a hindrance.
And some of the squares on the board actually change color,
so that's kind of interesting.
And then you also have some really cool pieces,
like the shape shifter will actually just become whatever piece it's fighting.
And then like the phoenix was exploded,
it didn't have projectiles at all,
it actually just turned into a ball of fire and slash a shield.
Each side also has a spell caster that kind of serves as the king or the queen,
depending on what side you're on.
The light side gets the wizard, the dark side has the sorceress.
And they have different spells that can be used,
such as like teleport and heal and things like that.
Either to win, you either destroy all of the pieces on the opposing side,
or you occupy all five power points.
But that wizard I mentioned a minute ago, or sorceress,
is in one of those power points,
so you really are going to have to take that piece out if you really want to win the game.
So, there you go.
The game was very well received when it came out and got pretty high reviews.
In 1996, Computer Gaming World said it was the 20th best game of all time.
IGN named it the 50th best in 2003,
so a lot of people remember this game pretty fondly.
There were sequels that came out to the game as well.
There was Arkon 2 Adept,
there was Exciter was the third game, although people don't know those as well.
However, people might know some of the remakes.
1994 had Arkon Ultra, which was big because it had modem play.
I wanted this game so bad when I was a kid, but my parents wouldn't buy it for me.
I was so mad.
Real teenage problems, right?
Thanks, ma'am.
But now that I'm a big kid and pay my own bills,
I can actually go and buy Arkon myself,
because there's actually a version of it on Steam that's available.
And that is, I think, Arkon...
There's different rewrites of the game.
There's Arkon Evolution that was in 2008.
Everything on Steam is all Arkon Classic.
But I think it's Arkon Conquest was the game that they actually put out.
There's a version on iPhone as well.
And then, yeah, there's Arkon Classic.
But no, there's a version that's actually on Steam right now
that's like a newer version. I have it in my library.
It's still called Arkon Classic.
No, there's a different one. I know there is.
Is there Arkon Ultra, maybe?
I searched for Arkon, and there was the trailer, the demo, and the full title
all called Arkon Classic.
Maybe you still haven't got delisted, something like that?
Yeah, I doubt that.
And Tigerclaw in chat at live.vognetwork.com says,
Do you think this game needs a next-gen remake?
Well, it's kind of already had one.
Well, there's one on Steam right now.
So let me see if I can actually find it.
Maybe it is Arkon Classic, but I thought...
By Classic, it does not look like the classic Spectrum NES C64 version.
It is Arkon Classic. I thought it had a different name to it.
It's just a graphically improved version of the classic gameplay, by the looks of it.
That's still really cool, though. Yeah, I've played a little bit of this.
It's pretty cool.
And yeah, the boards can take different shapes,
and you can do some different things with that, so...
Very cool.
Did you ever play this game, Loki?
No, I never played Arkon.
Oh, I love this game. Did you play it, Jason?
It was a fun game.
I've seen it. I think this is one of those games
that I didn't understand how to get started of it, so it didn't last very long.
But I've definitely poked at it.
Again, here's my whole thing where it's like,
there's no tutorial.
Was there ever in the 90s?
Yeah, in the 80s. I guess there really wasn't.
So, there you go.
Tigerkongchat says,
Has there ever been a speedrun of Arkon?
I wonder how long it would take to beat.
Yes, there are on YouTube, and I think the answer is a minute and a half.
I mean, especially with long-moving, diagonal-moving characters,
you can make a little bit of room and get there in a hurry.
SSJ100Matt noted that the company founded by one of these developers
went on to do some of the Skylanders games.
So, these guys are still involved with gaming in some way or another.
Anyway, one of my favorites.
I played a shit ton of this on the Commodore 64,
and then when it came out on the NES, I was like,
there's music, and the graphics are so good.
This is next-gen, baby.
On the NES.
So, yeah, this is a game I remember fondly,
so that's why I picked it, Arkon.
I guess for the NES, since that's the version I played there,
because it had the Commodore 64 version,
that didn't have the background music,
but I remember the Commodore 64 version fondly,
although the original original version,
of course, on a completely different system altogether.
So, there you go.
There's your classic game of the week.
We're going to take a break, but when we come back,
there is plenty more OLR to come, including rapid-fire news,
the FUGL question of the week,
and, of course, your phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio,
when we come back with more of OrangeLoungeRadio,
right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to OrangeLoungeRadio,
live on this Sunday evening, January the 12th of 2014,
with the 535th episode of our show already in progress.
Again, we do tape live at the Voice of the Geeks Network
voggenetwork.com, Sunday nights at 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show,
and a lot of you guys in our chat room,
over at live.voggenetwork.com,
participating with tonight's show.
We've been reading a lot of fun little comments.
Some of our topics we were talking about earlier in the show,
generating a lot of chat.
Well, they appeal to a lot of people.
Some good discussion there.
DarkSakura, not here tonight, but she is in chat,
so the live listeners can at least interact with her.
Podcasters, you can always send an email
if you're listening on the podcast,
be it either on the podcast feed,
or through Stitcher, or what have you.
Now, some things to look forward to on upcoming episodes
of the show of Orange Lounge Radio.
Next weekend is a three-day weekend,
so I'm hoping that means maybe a little bit...
The road show may not have happened,
but maybe a little bit of liquor will happen next week.
A safe, of course.
We're not going to get crazy like the people on PlayStation 4,
but it might be a little bit of liquor on next week's show.
Dunk show.
That should be fun.
In a couple weeks, coming up on February 2nd,
I think it is, if I got the date right,
February 2nd, he may have just left Hoard House,
but he's going to be here in person on Orange Lounge Radio.
Shane Olinko is going to be here on Orange Lounge Radio.
He has not been on OLR outside of a call.
It's been a very long time.
It's probably been about five years,
so we're going to get caught up a little bit there
and give him crap for leaving Hoard House and all that stuff.
No, I'm kidding.
What games are you going to try to push on you guys now?
I don't know. Oh, no, I do know.
He is bringing his PlayStation 4 copy of Skylanders
because he's convinced he can get me addicted to that stuff,
and I'm like, no!
Don't do it.
That'll be the first week that everybody gets a reprieve from my voice.
If you're going to get hooked on something,
at least make it Disney Infinity.
I thought that was your last show, was that same night?
No, a week before.
My current plan, and of course this can still change
because work's going to determine how long I stay here,
but I'm currently planning on being back on the road on the 1st,
so this time that weekend I should either be listening to everybody's wonderful voice
as I coast down the mountain back home or not.
We'll find out then, of course, when it happens.
So that's going to be a fun show in a couple weeks when Shane's here.
I'm sorry you're not going to be here.
Maybe the work situation will change. We'll see.
Miss you, Shane.
Yeah, it's no secret that Shane and I are really close friends.
We talk every day and so forth,
and despite everything that happened with Hoard House and so forth,
I'm glad that he can still kind of have his voice heard and so forth and be on the show,
and I just know it's going to be a really awesome time.
So it'll be good.
This is the first time I've seen him in person in probably like three years.
That'll be fun.
So already thinking of all the places he's got to do in California when he's here.
Where do all the out-of-town people want to go when they come to California?
RVGL.
No, we're past that.
Now when you go back to golf land, you're like, this is sad.
What are all the places you have to do in California, Jason?
Disneyland.
Unfortunately, we're not going to have enough time or money to go to Disneyland.
Alcatraz.
No, no. You're thinking too big.
Think of like restaurants and stores.
They don't have other places.
In-N-Out.
In-N-Out is the big one.
In my defense, I'm not used to that being...
It's not exactly California exclusive because when I was in Arizona, I went as well.
There certainly are none in Colorado that I know of.
The other thing, this is the other big thing that Shane really loves in California.
And I'm like, really?
Out of all the restaurants, you missed that?
Chevy's.
Like Chevy's is kind of bad.
Like I don't...
That's...
Is that a chain in California?
It is a chain.
They might be in other states, but I know it best with California.
For those who don't know Chevy's, it's a Mexican restaurant basically.
But it's kind of whitewashed.
And when I say kinda, I mean like really?
But I know what it is.
It's that fucking corn substance they serve with every meal that some people go apeshit bananas over.
And I think it's gross.
That's just me.
How do you describe Chevy's to an out-of-towner, Loki?
Um...
No idea.
I mean, with the franchise...
I don't know. I don't really eat there.
We live in California. You can get better Mexican food at thousands of other places.
It's a round table instead.
They have decent wings.
All I know is that Chevy's is right across the street from a hotel that I stay at pretty often when I'm around San Francisco.
Oh nice.
Things change from location to location and franchisee to franchisee, but I was not impressed.
Oh, as Joe and Hunter Matt says, they're in Times Square. I didn't even know that.
I didn't know they were nationwide. Alright.
I'd like to think I have a pretty discerning palate and taste buds for Mexican and Mexican.
They don't have them in Kansas.
The margarita wasn't half bad.
The drinks are never gonna be that bad. Alright, look.
We can talk about food and restaurants.
Oh, well, foodie-o.
One more. I gotta mention this though, because you know Shane's making a big deal out of he's gotta go to Espituse.
You know what that is?
I've never heard of this before.
That is the Brazilian Grill.
Where they bring the big hunks of meat on the swords to your table and slice it off on your plate.
And Shane goes crazy about, like, the gross disgusting raw meat and the chicken hearts.
Yes.
Oh my god, yes.
I've eaten, I've eaten, I tried it.
Chicken hearts are so good.
I tried it. And then I, you know what?
The week after I tried them, they ate them on Survivor.
And I was like, I just ate that for real.
That's not particularly surprising.
Like, non-ironically.
I have asked my coworkers about two types of foods in the Bay Area, in San Francisco specifically.
Brazilian, and I want to say I didn't get any positive answers.
And Mongolian, which I still don't have any answers for.
But there is a place in the Bay Area.
I am totally inviting coworkers to do that.
Good Mongolian is hard to find.
Yeah, but that's great.
But I've just never heard of any place's existence at all.
Alright.
I'm hungry.
Food, food, food, food.
There's another Brazilian place down in, uh, Fair Oaks or Citrus Heights, actually.
It's, like, off Madison.
Yeah.
No, it's not there anymore.
Touch of Brazil.
Oh, really?
No, not there anymore.
Now they've reopened so many times, though.
Alright, let's move on.
We gotta get back into games.
I could talk food all night, but we gotta work up an appetite by talking about games.
3 hour show, Rob.
Rapid fire, I know.
We've got, like, 45 minutes left because we've got a late start tonight.
Alright, Loki, go ahead.
Alright, so there's a new mod for Bully that kind of changes the game entirely.
Remember, Bully may have been the Rockstar Games kind of, you know, watered down version of, like, almost like a Sandbox Grand Theft Auto type game.
Well, now it's Bully Zombie Edition where you can add guns to the game that didn't have guns to begin with and zombies into it.
Because, you know, every game's better with zombies.
So, um, you can actually check it out.
They have a ModDB page.
If you go to moddb.com slash mods slash bully dash zombie dash edition.
And you can find the information on that as well.
Kind of tucked away in the announcement that we were talking about a little bit earlier for the 3DS numbers and what they sold in 2013.
There's actually an announcement that they're localizing Disney's Magic World, which is a game that came out in Japan called Disney Magic Castle by Magical Life.
And it's by Namco Bandai.
And what it basically is is kind of like Animal Crossing crossed with the Disney characters.
There's, like, farming in the game and you can customize all sorts of things.
But, uh, I'm sure Rob and Jamie will probably be all over it because it's Disney and Animal Crossing kind of mixed together.
Hey! Hey! That assessment is completely accurate.
It's supposed to be coming out March 11th on the eShop and in retail.
And then, last but not least, also another 3DS story.
Apparently some hackers have found a way to get past the region locking on 3DS systems.
Although this exploit is only available in firmwares 4.1 to 4.5, which are about 9 months old at this time.
So, if you do have that and have, like, a cartridge loader that you can load different things in there, you can actually bypass the firmware.
And if I remember correctly, and now I'm not entirely positive because I read up on this a couple times, I think if you update your firmware it still stays unlocked.
I'm reading conflicting things about it, though.
But, um, it's interesting, though, that you can be able to do that.
And this doesn't in, you know, any way enable piracy. It just enables you to play games from other regions.
So, that was pretty cool.
I figured it was only a matter of time before somebody would hack that to get what they wanted, you know?
Going back a few topics, one may say they made a mod with zombies in it.
Alright, traveling around for some other news.
Starting off with Super Smash Brothers, the next game in that series, which we still don't know the exact name.
But we do get little details on that each and every day.
And director Mashihiro Sakurai has confirmed that trophies will be returning for the Wii U and 3DS game.
But here's the little twist, because of course this next game is on both the Wii U and the 3DS.
The trophies will be version exclusive.
And handheld games and characters will be mostly seen on the 3DS version.
And the Wii U will see more console and Wii-related versions.
So that's kind of a neat little twist on it.
And a way to get people to buy both, which I'm sure they're looking for as many reasons as they can for that.
Or because they can't figure out a way to make them actually interact with each other. It's more like it.
Could be, could be.
We'll see. I think this is going to be the big, big thing that Nintendo's got a show at E3 this year, so we'll see.
Majesco has announced that they will be bringing WayForward's Double Dragon Neon and Slender the Arrival by Blue Isle Studios to new platforms under the Midnight City Indie label.
Double Dragon Neon will be hitting Steam with a new online co-op mode.
I guess this was not on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions, which surprises me.
I thought it did have those, but maybe it was only local, like a Wii U game or something.
Slender the Arrival will have post-game flashback levels, and it will be coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Oh, that's really exciting. I hope that comes out soon.
Midnight City will also be putting out a game called Krautscape, which is a tactical racing game.
So, pretty cool there. When you hear about all these labels going under, it's nice to hear new ones sprout up, especially with, you know, Slender the Arrival's a really fun little game.
It's, you know, indie and lots of fun livestreams with that, so.
Also, lastly, here in Rapid Fire News for me, love this.
Super 3D Noah's Ark is being reprinted for the Super Nintendo.
It was a Wolfenstein remake, reimagining type of thing that was done with, like, you know, Noah, as in, like, the biblical Noah.
Where, yes, it was a first-person shooter, but you pelt animals with fruit to put them to sleep.
Apparently, the game was actually based off the Wolfenstein 3D source code. That's pretty amazing.
It's, looking at the screenshot, it's a funny way, because bodies persisted back then, it's a funny way to rewrite what's really going on in that.
So, anyway, originally this game had to go through a crazy little pass-through system to get against Nintendo's lockout, but now it's going to be on a real cart for only $69.99, if you want to own Super 3D Noah's Ark, which, let's be real, it really wasn't a good game anyway.
But, you know, it gets a lot of lulz. There's also stuff that you can buy on the PC if you're curious in Wisdom Tree and the types of biblical-based video games that they do.
Spiritual Warfare is one of the games that you can buy there. It's a Christian-based Zelda game, I guess. I don't know. I got nothing.
Oh my god. That is a blatant ROM hack right there.
That's the stuff I want to see on Twitch. Alright, Jason.
Jpop lovers, idol lovers, rejoice. There is a new game featuring AKB48 coming out, at least in Japan, probably unlikely in America, who knows who AKB48 are.
It's going to be a shooting game, and AKB48 are going to be zombies. Or at least that's the understanding of it so far.
Based off of other shooting games and arcades right now, and it's the style of shooter where you have...
It's a sit-in shooter where you're enclosed with curtains and all that kind of stuff.
I'm sure there's a lot of crossovers like this in Japan. I really wish there were more things like this in America.
Because being able to take a pop culture icon, for good or for bad, to be able to be put into this situation seems hilariously good.
Mega Touch is throwing in the towel. If you've ever been at an arcade that has a bar in it, or any other kind of a place where games are just kind of relegated to countertops and whatnot,
you've probably seen in Mega Touch, those tiny little touch screens. Well, they're actually like 15 to 20 inches usually.
Touch screens that have the little games like you would see on Facebook nowadays.
Photo Hunt, where you have two pictures and you spot the differences. Various number solitaire, not like window solitaire, but the classic pyramid solitaire kind of games.
Mega Touch was just a quick action series of arcade games.
It was a bunch of shitty little games, but you just, you know, you're at the bar...
I haven't had a lot of fun with them.
You're at the bar, you're drunk, you want to put a quarter in the machine and smack the penguin.
One of the games where you try to get him as far as possible with detrimental, not an obstacle course.
My favorite Mega Touch game was, can you tell the difference between the two pictures?
Photo Hunt.
That's it, Photo Hunt.
But Mega Touch is done. They're calling in the towel, despite the fact that their TVs and their technology have gotten better and better as the years go on.
And their screens and their systems really have looked better and better as I've seen them every once in a while over the past couple of years.
But they're done, they're throwing in the towel, the system's touch-based do start to have problems with gunk and various other bad things like that.
And they're kind of pricey, $3,000 for just a little set-top box.
If that could come down a little bit, it would be a pretty interesting thing to see in homes or non-fully public kind of places.
Because there's a lot of fun to just sit down and kind of start poking with that kind of thing.
I want to say that I've even heard some of them have internet connectivity and long-range leaderboards and that kind of stuff.
They had a profile system and everything, I was always very adamant to use it.
But alas, for them as it stands, no more.
Now bring out Photo Hunt on the PlayStation 4.
I already have Photo Hunt on my iPhone and iPad and that's good enough for me.
I'm pretty sure it's in MAME and stuff already too.
Yeah, I guess I could get it on an iPad.
Yeah, there's actually a lot of really fun versions of it.
Metal Gear Re-Vengeance. As most games of this generation are, the quality settings let you go up to 1080p, 1920x1080.
But there is a coder.
Did you hear that too?
Is everything okay, Loki?
The cat knocked over water.
Well, at least there's only water.
She's kind of a jerk.
This is like the third time she's done it today.
Cats usually are.
That picture we were looking at in the break is suddenly a lot more relevant.
My wife wants to announce that the cat is free for any takers.
I'm not joking, don't laugh.
OLR Adoption. What did she say?
She says, I'm not joking, don't laugh.
We're laughing with you, not at you.
Very important. Go ahead.
Most games of this generation have a max of 1080p and that is still considered the high end.
4K displays are coming out, but that's bleeding edge if you actually have them for at least a little bit longer.
But there is a coder by the name of Durante that has been fixing the available resolution of visually high quality games like Dark Souls, Deadly Premonition, and now Metal Gear Rising Re-Vengeance
that works around the 1080p resolution cap and actually allows you to start experiencing these games in 4K.
I assume this is all in upres because I don't think any company would include 4K assets in a game and literally never let you use them
because that would balloon the size of the game in a heartbeat.
But it is still pretty damn nice as these games are looking better and better and these impressive displays are coming out in huge swaths.
The one for Revengance is not necessarily going to be released because apparently there's some rumors going around that Konami may be doing this themselves.
Well, not as of the conclusion of CES, we know that much now, but in the next couple of months in the lead up to E3 and that kind of stuff as 4K displays start to become more prominent.
Whether it's released officially or released unofficially, that will be seen in the not too distant future ultimately.
Alrighty. Let's take this opportunity to visit our Facebook and Google pages in a segment we call the FUGL Question of the Week.
Every week we ask a question of our communities over at Facebook and Google Plus and we read some of our favorite answers here on the program.
Let's get to it. This week's question is about that article we talked about in part A with the top 10 grossing arcade games of all time.
So we decided to simply ask, what game in the arcade do you think you've dropped the most quarters or tokens into over the years and why?
And here's the thing, when I originally posted that question, about five minutes later I was like, oh god, everybody's going to say DDR.
DDR, DDR, DDR, DDR, pop it, DDR.
That isn't the case. That's not the case at all. So I'm very happy with the way this turned out.
Let's go to our first answer. Funny enough, it's from Shane over on Facebook saying, with no question I'd say the game I dropped the most quarters or tokens in would be DDR.
However, I think the more interesting answer would be my number two game, which would be Time Crisis.
I spent all my time playing and beating those games in the arcade. They were one series I felt never translated well to the home consoles, so I had to play them in the arcade.
That's a really good answer and I also think I've never beaten a Time Crisis.
Elliot B says, being a youngin, I haven't been around many arcade cabinets, plus I think they may have dried up in the UK faster than the US, but as a kid I would never pass up the opportunity to play any version of Metal Slug.
Clover Nikon responds and says TMNT Arcade. Oh god, so many quarters on that.
Joe G responds, or sorry, it's Haseo Sumerugawa, put that at the beginning if you want me to read that first, says Street Fighter versus X-Men or probably various pinball tables.
Fifth Dream says, I spent a lot of times in arcades in the 80s and 90s, so Centipede, Donkey Kong, Pac-Man, Final Fight, Double Dragon, but the toss up would be between Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Street Fighter II.
Delvin B, our buddy from video game Realness, love that show, responded and said, very surprised that Mortal Kombat was not in the top 10.
You know, I was surprised by that too, because I always thought it gave Street Fighter II a pretty good competition, but I guess not.
But there were a ton of fighting game clones around that same time because of Street Fighter's success, just like there were a ton of Pac-Man clones at the time too.
Do you remember Primal Rage?
I do remember Primal Rage, absolutely. I remember when that came out for the Atari Jaguar.
I think they were a bit worse on consoles, I'm thinking like Clay Fighter and that kind of stuff. The ones that actually made it into the arcade were good.
There's Fighting Street and that whole lawsuit.
Alright, anyway.
Delvin responds and says, number one, Killer Instinct. My best friend and I would go to arcades and beat anyone that was already playing and then take over, which led to people lying to us and trying to beat us.
Ultra combo, and number two says, would be the original X-Men arcade game with six players. So much fun playing through with six friends when we were kids.
Eddie K replies and says, Street Fighter II Championship Edition or Marvel vs. Capcom 2.
Degenerate Johnny says, I have to admit I was more of a console gamer than an arcade gamer, but I put the most quarters in Mortal Kombat 2.
But if you asked me what game I put the most money into play, I would say Michael Jackson's Scramble Training. It was a rare Starfighter game that was available in Sega World.
Each game session cost 10 pounds, which was equivalent to $15 at the time, and I went through three game sessions.
I've never heard of this before.
Me neither, me neither.
Giavadea says, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Simpsons, and any game that had a gun I could point and shoot with. Didn't matter what the game was about, I could play with a gun and that's all I cared about.
Anthony C replies and says, I don't want to know how much I've spent on DDR.
Andy R replies and says, Technica, no contest. When Technica 3 came out, I just moved closer to an arcade that had it.
Thanks to the crew race and bi-weekly updates, I was putting in at least $10 a week for several months. RIP DJ Maxx series.
Because they shut down the platinum crew.
Yep, just over the new year, right?
DJ Rama S says, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, hands down. It was so much fun to play with four peoples.
And in my old neighborhood, each machine has a different amount of lives per quarter you put in.
Our buddy Rene from Koopa Club also says there's a lot, just to name a few.
Gauntlet, Quartet, Dragon's Lair, DDR, Beatmania, and so on and so on.
Most of these games were the recipient of my money, surely because they were quick and fun and offered a fair amount of replayability.
The largest recipient was the Addams Family pinball game, because I love the Addams Family and I love pinball.
Pinball is the foundation of my gaming experience, so there you go.
That is one of the best pinball tables. So, so, so good.
I think that's supposed to come out for the pinball arcade. It's one of the big, big things we're waiting for.
Tiger Claw says Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Turtles in Time.
Terminator 2 was a huge quarter muncher as well.
Raginator says, I've had a number of arcade games, including Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Do you see a pattern here?
Smash TV, Final Fight, and so on and so on. My list could easily go on for quite some time, but in the interest of time, I shortened it.
Burr says, I was never a huge arcade fanatic, but I could never say no to a Bubble Bobble machine.
Something about that game just makes me happy to feed it quarters. Probably the music.
Codeman says, what did he say? Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Oh, he said Turtles in Time specifically, though.
There was something about playing it with my friends in the arcade that was wasting all my parents' money. It felt gratifying.
Lawrence Z said, I know it's not the same, but Xbox Live Arcade has taken a ton of cash from me.
It is not the same, and many would blame that on the reason why arcades have been struggling.
But, you know, like somebody else has said before, you know, if you're younger, you may not have that same frame of reference.
Or where you are in the world.
Xbox Live has been around for ten years now. You know, some of the, you know, if you're sixteen, then Xbox Live has been around since you were six. Something to think about.
Critical Myth says, Galaga. Without question.
Austin replies, Dance Dance Revolution. Otherwise, Soul Edge.
Thomas C says, I never had access to a legit arcade as a kid. One of the games I played the most was Mortal Kombat. Hundreds of dollars spent in that cabinet.
Dark Tetsuya says, DDR. I also one night sunk several dollars of quarters into Golden Axe.
Veronica Isabel replies and says, Does Ski Ball count? I used to play that all the time when I was a kid.
Hell yeah, it does.
Yeah, sure. Sure it counts. Why not? Ski Ball is still fun as an adult.
Michael H says, I love playing NFL Blitz at Dave and Busters. It was always a quarter muncher back in the day. Even I liked NFL Blitz. And I don't play a lot of the sports games, but that one was fun.
You know which one I love though is NBA Jam.
Yes.
I remember when that came out on Super Nintendo too.
The arcade, arcade sports were amazing.
And lastly on Facebook, S2100Matt says, DDR. But I did play the heck out of TMNT, Turtles in Time, Stun Runner, and Tapper when I was a kid.
Let's look at Google Plus. So TMNT definitely dominated the conversation there. We have a few answers on Google Plus.
Robba replies and says, If I take DDR and laserdisc games off my list, Crazy Climber was the quarter muncher for me.
The dreaded falling I-beams after completing the first building were that one chaotic element that could end my game quickly. I remember that game. Those were good times.
Retertainment says, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. So Google Plus thinking the same way, right?
I was a kid when the turtles were popular, so I wanted to play that game whenever I saw it as a kid. It was the hardest game to play and I'm a stubborn person, so I kept on pumping quarters in the machine until I ate out of money or my mom got done shopping.
Act Dev says, DDR and I still play on occasion. There's also a ton of SNK games like Metal Slug and The King of Fighters.
Sam H says, Moon Patrol and Sinistar ate a ton of my quarters.
Beware, I live.
The game was awesome.
And lastly, Black Dynamite says, Time Crisis 3. We're ending where we started. Time Crisis 3.
If you're playing someone else, it takes a lot of skill and coordination. Totally worth sinking the several dollars and quarters to conquer.
You know, those are all great answers and I love doing the reminiscing, which is why I read them all.
I have to admit though, shocked that the game I probably would have named next to DDR and music games, if you throw those out for a minute, because obviously the game I would have named, nobody mentioned.
Super Iron Man Ivan Stewart's Off-Road.
You know what's really scary is I was going to say exactly the same thing.
Get out.
Dead serious.
Absolutely.
I have dropped, I was on a cruise in 94, I don't even remember for sure.
And there was a $5 bill behind the off-road machine that was chilling there.
So I picked it up, I cashed it out and I put every single quarter into off-road.
That game was so much fun.
You cannot replicate that free rolling wheel, the pedal.
That was a big fucking deal when that came out on the NES too.
That four player multi-tap.
Because finally there was no more fucking grey car that would always beat you.
So that was very, you know, funny enough you mentioned one of the places you like to eat when you're here in California, Round Table Pizza.
That's where I, because all those pizza parlors have little arcades, right?
I spent an unhealthily amount of money on Iron Man Super Off-Road.
Last July a bunch of coworkers of mine were out in Denver for a conference and we went out to the 1UP, our local barcade in Denver.
And a coworker of mine, I don't remember if he had or hadn't played it at all before.
But I taught him the credit tricks to be able to max out your car in Super Off-Road real quick.
And he loved it.
And you know, there's something about that wheel, the pedal and everything else that just makes that game unique.
And nobody else has done it.
But to be fair, I also spent a shit ton on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Yeah, same answer.
I had to be hipster and not say that.
Loki, you have a quick answer before we move on?
What did you drop all your quarters in?
Besides DDR. No fair saying DDR.
Maybe... well I did play a lot of Gunblade back when QZAR had it.
Good call.
So maybe that.
Good call.
Alright.
Now I'm thinking about some of those arcade games we used to play at Golf Land besides just DDR.
Like the grid. I remember when a bunch of us would get on the grid and play that with a shooter.
The joysticks are of maybe iffy caliber.
But MGL in Arizona has the grid and I was playing a couple rounds of that too.
So good.
When arcades have the right games, arcades are still alright.
Good times.
Alright, let's get back into some news.
We're going to try to move through this a little bit quickly guys.
Yeah, because we're running a little late in the show and I want to be able to take some calls.
So let's try to move through this a little bit quickly. Loki.
Alright, so EA has now changed their stance on SimCity mods.
And they're now gracefully allowing you to mod their files if you ever so feel like doing that.
But there's some restrictions.
And basically the mods that you can create, that they are allowing you to create, are stuff like skins and skins.
So pretty much mods that do not affect multiplayer simulation or jeopardize gameplay.
How generous.
Yeah, to which I say, if you're modding the game in the first place, why do you need their permission to do that?
I don't know, why?
You should. Just do what you want.
Yep.
I wonder when they're going to really discount this game. Is it already down to 20 bucks?
I don't think it's dropped in price really.
Wow.
I mean, I'm sure, I think it's maybe been on sales.
Yeah, I think it's been on sales, but I'm just kind of surprised.
It's interesting they're still trying to breathe life into this.
They really don't want that game to kind of have the black marks on it that its launch kind of gave it.
But they never really recovered from that.
Diablo 3 to some extent never did either. Well, a little bit.
And the new expansion I think is really going to be a reboot for that game.
Yeah, it's down to $39.99.
Or, I mean, on sale $33.28 I guess right now is what it is on Amazon.
Wake me up when it's $10 or $15.
Well, yeah, it's just, yeah.
Maybe this holiday it'll finally be down that low.
You know, a lot of people give shit to Nintendo, including me, and I have in the past,
and I think we all have a little bit about their lack of online support.
But, you know, the producer of Super Mario 3D World, Yoshiaki Koizumi,
recently made a comment about Nintendo and the fact that they have experimented with online
because some people are saying, why isn't Super Mario 3D World online?
You know, yes, and I left this out of my gaming week just because I was talking too much about ass and titties at the beginning of the show.
But actually I had, you guys who remember OLR, like way back in the day,
Princess Irene was here with her now husband, Nathan, we're here this Friday.
We were just getting together for sushi, and then we came back and played Mario 3D World on Wii U and Nintendo Land.
We had a lot of fun, good times.
But, you know, you can have good times with some of that stuff online too,
and Nintendo's always kind of resisted that in favor of the living room experience.
Well, producer of Super Mario 3D World said, quote,
we've been testing online multiplayer since the days of Super Mario Galaxy.
But with this title, we really wanted to deliver an experience that you can share with family, friends,
or your boyfriend or girlfriend in the same place, like you did with the original NES.
We really want players to have fun in front of the TV, talking while they help each other out, or get in each other's way.
I don't see why they couldn't have both.
I'm kind of with you, I'm with you a little bit, Loki,
and I'm even okay with the extent that they stick to their guns, that, you know, it's a living room experience.
But here's the problem.
Nintendo hasn't proven that they're capable of any online excellent experience.
What is a made-by-Nintendo game that is a must-play online?
Maybe Mario Kart Wii? I don't know.
Maybe. That's probably the best they've done, to be honest.
Mario Kart 7?
So, yeah, I mean, there's not a whole lot.
I think they're trying a little more with the Dr. Luigi and so forth,
but, you know, I think that's another reason why a lot of people kind of give Nintendo shit when it comes to online.
And there was a very interesting story that was on, was it, U.S. Gamer or Eurogamer?
One of those sites where one of those people that was like,
I worked for a third-party developer when the Wii U was introduced or whatever,
kind of throwing some shade at Nintendo and talking about how it was.
And apparently, when somebody had asked Nintendo about Xbox Live or PlayStation Network,
their comment was, well, we don't know what those systems are. We don't use them.
And it's like, know your fucking competition, you guys.
Like, you have to. Come on.
And the perfect experience I can think of is Final Fantasy XIV.
The first version was so awful, but when the guy came in that said, you know what?
Yeah, I've played World of Warcraft. I've played EverQuest. I've played all that stuff.
And this is what the people really want. That game came out so much better for it.
You have to know your competition a little bit.
Look at, that's Microsoft's business, is taking the competition and making it better.
We're trying.
Trying.
Most of the time, to be fair, most of the times they're pretty successful with it.
Anyhow, over at live.vognetwork.com, still some people mostly reminiscing on the games
we were talking about earlier with the arcade games, but we do have some comments on this.
Tigerclaw says there are a couple of Nintendo games that have online multiplayer on Wii.
Just a couple, though. Tigerclaw says Excitebike World Rally had online multiplayer,
but Excitebike World Rally was no Halo.
Or excuse me, Halo 2, to be fair.
Well, that's the bar.
You know what I mean? Well, yes, it is the bar.
No, I'm agreeing with you. That's quite a leap, because I'm trying to think.
I don't think I have ever put the Wii to use for multiplayer.
I don't have a Wii U yet.
Man, I missed out on Mario Kart, but I know a lot of friends that were doing that routinely,
and that's probably one of the only answers that I can really come up with.
Not the least, the frickin' friend code system.
I agree with this much that Nintendo does not have the same caliber of online components in gaming.
All right, well, you never know.
That could be the thing that Nintendo's gonna come out at E3 and say,
we're rebooting the Nintendo Network, and this is how it's gonna blow your mind.
Yeah, don't make bets on it.
Don't hold your breath.
Yeah, exactly.
Jason, what do you have for us?
A little bit of news on the Steam Controller, and that Valve wants the controller to be more capable
than just a gamepad with its mental math.
12 buttons and however many sticks slash D-pads.
And they're interested in being able to make a controller with the flexibility
like the Steam Machine Controller that has touchpads and not D-pads
that are multipurpose with movement and action buttons and everything else.
And they're very interested in finding a way to be able to take a complex game like Dota 2
and be able to have it controlled with just purely the Steam Controller.
That's pretty difficult to do because you have to use damn near half of the keyboard
and then the mouse independently, and there's just purely not enough buttons.
But if some can be relegated to gestures, combinations, or other sorts of things
that would make sense with this controller design,
they're interested in finding out exactly what that is.
Yeah, the trailer that we got was just classic mouse compatibility mode
for Papers, Please and Civ 5, and then a little bit of keyboard.
It technically wasn't even really keyboard integration for Portal
because you'd need a left button and a right button.
Whoo, that's hard.
So it's an obvious answer that the controller will be heavily mouse
and also traditional controller-centric,
but they are looking for ways of scaling it and being able to have it take on
larger tasks for more complex input games.
I'm curious to get my hands on one of those, but it's going to be very interesting.
I want to see how a game like Civ 5 or something really transfers over to that
that's really, really, really with the keyboard and mouse.
Or even Dota is still a game that I can't imagine not playing that with keyboard and mouse.
That would be a hindrance.
But they seem convinced they can make it work, and maybe they can.
They sure as hell are going to try it.
I don't mind first-person shooters on controllers, so it works okay enough for me.
I know some people really hate it, but it's all right. I don't mind it.
All right, Loki.
All right, so actually as I saw this article here, it reminded me to go ahead and do that online.
The Steam family options have come out of beta, so now you can actually share your library
with up to ten people, and you can actually go enable that under settings and stuff,
and go check that out.
So that allows you, of course, if you're not familiar with it, to basically have somebody
play any game that you own on your account, and they can actually download the full game
and try it, as long as you're not playing anything else in your account at the time.
So that's pretty cool.
You kind of seem to have landed with little fanfare.
I had no idea that this had gone live until somebody had posted it for tonight's show.
I would have thought that Steam might have done a big announcement, but I guess not.
It made a splash when it was a beta, and now it's here, hooray.
But it's also, as Bobby covered before, it also has kind of limited domain,
where if you're multiple people under the same household,
have it better than the people that wanted to exploit it for free games.
Yeah, but what were people really expecting?
And that's why the fanfare isn't any bigger than it is.
I guess so. All right, moving on.
And the last story before the mailbag.
Konami is looking to jump into the 3D dome screen game
with a game they're calling Steel Chronicle Ganesh.
Basically, they're trying to bring back the huge sit-down cabin...
I completely forgot the word that I was going to look for.
The huge pods that you sit down, much like Battletech,
if you ever played that at a nice big warehouse, arcade, bar, everything entertaining place.
DragonCon.
I've never been to a con that has this kind of stuff.
They have a DragonCon room, but never that specific.
Bobby made it a point to walk me down there to say,
look at this, look at what they bring in for this.
Good man. Because those things are so much fun.
So, of course, these games come at a premium price tag.
The article quotes $40,000.
Because not only is it a sit-down pod with multiple displays,
tailored controls for a flight sim,
or maybe it is a mech battle game.
Hard to tell. The screenshot is pretty small.
But it's also a, instead of just a 30-inch CRT,
excuse me, that the classic Battletech machines use,
these are modern, curved, 3D tall displays,
so you have greater field of view.
It looks amazing. I would love to play a game like this.
When you get the right control mechanism to be able to put management
into this game alongside just the rest of the action,
these games come out so well.
Find your cash money arcade and suggest it to them.
It's really funny that in last week's show,
we were kind of mourning the loss of the pompous arcade game
with all its big peripheral, a story like this comes out where it's like,
we're not dead yet.
I don't think anybody said that it's gone or that they wouldn't play it again.
It's just less often.
Well, I kind of said they were dying, but I didn't want them to go.
Plus, we're on the heels of CES,
where this kind of stuff would have been shown off,
which is where most of these articles are coming from.
There's a big arcade coin-op show that happens later in a couple months,
isn't there? There's like a Vegas coin-op show, too.
A coin-op expo sounds somewhat familiar, maybe.
Something along those lines.
Looking forward to Konami. Make it happen.
Make it happen. All right.
And Konami has made a bunch of pompous arcade games with big peripherals.
As we are well aware.
As we are well aware. All right.
When are we going to see the Silent Hill arcade game come anywhere near us?
The Castlevania one.
I want to shoot Pyramid Head in the face.
It'll be fun. I don't know. I guess never.
All right. Let's get to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com is the place to go.
And every week you send emails,
and Dark Sakura dives in the email bag head first
and puts on her hazmat suit and tries to find an email
that looks safe for the air or two or five to read.
Dark Sakura is not here this week,
so we've decided to make Jason jump in the mailbag head first
and swim in there.
Oh, it's tough to wade through all of this.
Yeah, all those mountains and mountains of email we received last week, right?
All the spam that's junking up the bag.
All the delivery sports.
All right.
Nasty Canasta writes in to back up Mr. Sky
and says, hi, Olar.
I'm here to back up Sky.
Maybe, sort of, probably.
On the last episode, Sky got a Twitter sass from Cuoco Jones
along the lines of, you bought a PS4 to play Don't Starve?
To which I say, girl.
But seriously, what's wrong with buying a console or a computer
to play something that one considers to give them lots of...
that can...
Sorry.
I think a word or two is missing.
Just short-circuited my brain.
What's wrong with buying a console or a computer to play something
that one considers will give them lots of replayability
and a unique experience for such a small cost?
$400 plus a small cost, but I digress.
While Don't Starve is not a Call of Duty or an Assassin's Creed,
Don't Starve could entertain you way longer than either of those.
I will tell you all right now that if I were to own a PS4
in the very near future,
the one game I'd plunk my nerdy fanny down to play the most
is Binding of Isaac Rebirth, which happens to look like an SNES game.
I've played the current version of Isaac for over 800 hours.
And also isn't out, to be fair.
I'd al...
Uh... lost my place.
I've played the current version of Isaac on the PC, of course.
That's the only place it's at right now.
I've played the current version of Isaac for over 800 hours
and look forward to Rebirth over Diablo 3,
Infamous Second Son, and many other high-profile titles coming soon.
I guess what I'm saying is, don't shoo away these seemingly smaller games
with lower budgets mainstream or indie.
You can get a lot out of them depending on how well they're made.
And a quick question for Loki.
Will there be any Left 4 Dead 2 PC vog...
Will... wow, man, I'm doing a really good job at reading this.
It's not an easy job she does, is it?
Especially... plus the rush and also looking at the clock
and I need to stop looking at the clock.
Quick question for Loki.
Will there be a Left 4 Dead 2 PC vog game night soon?
Since that was given away for free over the holidays,
lots of folks should have it,
but getting into the group you want will be a bit of an issue in online campaigns
since they only allow four players for normal style
and then, of course, versus with zombie control maxes out at eight.
Also, get Rob and Jamie to play.
Rob! Rob! Zombies, Rob!
I did download it, so yeah.
I'm horrible at those games, though.
I had Left 4 Dead 1 and I was so bad at it.
You just gotta have fun with it.
Probably not. That's what my guess would be, probably not.
We can set something up.
Talk in the vog group on Steam, we'll see what we can set up.
I like the idea.
Pitch it on the forums, let's make it happen.
I'd rather play with cool people that email the show than strangers.
Yeah.
By the way, just responding to the part earlier there,
I think when Flaco was sending me that Twitter,
he really was just trying to be sassy
and I think it just came from a place of sarcastic Twitter tongue in cheek.
I don't think he was totally serious with it.
It was also coming from a place of girl.
Yeah, I think it was a little bit.
Just to say, I don't think it was as pointed as you might have thought it was
or I may have made it seem last week.
But I think we all know now, thanks to earlier in the show,
that I bought my PlayStation 4 clearly for what?
Ass and titties.
Alright, let's get to the FUs of the week.
It's the time of the show where we get angsty.
And why do we get angsty?
Because we're people and people are mean.
Well, since Dark Sakura isn't here, I'll let Jason start.
Jason, do you have any FUs of the week?
I want to say I have one on the drive up here and I don't remember it.
It's been a pretty good week.
FU to forgetfulness.
FU to forgetfulness, FU to routine in some ways at the same time too.
Eh.
My FU goes after this cough that I've been slowly developing throughout the weekend.
I better not be getting sick.
I better not be getting sick.
This is the second time you've said that in like four weeks.
I know, maybe I'm just always sick.
It's funny because my throat is feeling kind of weird too.
We're still going to curse Al and he's leaving his germs behind.
FU to the fact that you do those YouTubes so you remember what I say on this show way better than even I do.
Loki, what about you?
FU to the cap because she's an asshole.
And FU to the new chunks they're generating on our Minecraft map because they kind of suck.
They do kind of suck, I'm sorry to say.
It's like all I got was ocean the other day.
Well, that's the thing is they tweaked the whole generation so that it's supposed to make less ocean.
And that's all we're getting is ocean.
Lame.
Alright, DarkSakura has passed along her FU.
It is two sinus infections.
Seems obvious enough.
Let's keep it up for being here tonight so fair enough.
Alright, let's go on.
Just a couple more news stories for you guys and then guess what?
Guess what?
It's Skype line time at 1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
But first, Loki.
Well, this is kind of shocking but I guess people that do follow the MLB 2K games have kind of seen this coming.
They have, or 2K Sports has decided to go ahead and discontinue the MLB 2K franchise.
Just I guess the last game didn't do very well and actually the last few games haven't done very well.
So, it is done.
So, if you want to play baseball, you've got to get a Sony console.
So, wait, it's only on that particular console?
Well, no. MLB 2K was the only baseball game that was on the Xbox 360.
Because Sony's game is only on the Sony platforms.
So, those were literally the only two baseball games to come out each year.
I didn't realize they were the only two that were coming out.
I guess so.
In my mind, I was thinking of others.
But, you know, my mind goes back to a much more classic gaming time when you had things like Baseball Stars and all this other crazy stuff that was coming out too.
So, wow, that's too bad.
Yeah.
What about like, don't they have like, isn't there like foreign baseball leagues that get video games too?
Well, they used to have, was it the Power Pros baseball game that was from Konami?
But, you know, Konami cut out pretty much all of their, you know, non-Super AAA franchises.
So, their lineup is really slim.
But, yeah, we don't see any more of that stuff anymore.
And, you know, the thought is maybe EA will pick it up.
I don't know, they could use another franchise to be honest.
But, it's hard to say.
Alright.
Well, who says that big news in video gaming doesn't come out of CES?
Because at Consumer Electronics Show this past week, some big news on a big game was dropped this week.
About a big guy.
About a big guy.
Mama Shaq, Shaquille O'Neal, actually came out and said Shaq, Shaq-Fu 2 is happening.
It's coming soon and the graphics look crazy.
That is the, and actually, I guess some of the estimate is a joke if there be a sequel to Shaq-Fu.
And Shaq said, yes, it is coming and the graphics look crazy.
Now, don't forget, there were trademarks filed in mid-2013.
This is not the first time we have fantasized about a new Shaq-Fu because there was a trademark for Shaq Fighter.
So, those of you that were hoping for Shaq-Fu 2, Electric Boogaloo, you might get your wish.
Awesome.
The gaming world needed Shaq-Fu 2, I think.
I don't think they realized how badly they needed it.
Alright, that pretty much does it for the news.
But we're going to go to the Skype line.
Going to, well, first I'll go to the chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says, Shaq-Fu 2, the game that no one asked for.
And Rama in our chat room says, no, no, no, fuck no.
And SSJ100Matt says, why do I feel he's trolling?
I don't know, but we're going to go to the phones right now over at 1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Hello, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
You have some explaining to do.
Hi, Shane, how are you?
Fine.
Fine.
What's up?
You're explaining.
Go quell the thought that, you know, some drama unfolded.
Okay, so I knew the minute that I said that.
Okay, so here's the thing.
Shane is mad at me.
Are you mad at me, Shane?
So mad.
Shane is mad at me because when I was talking about Hoard House,
I said something like all the things that happened at Hoard House.
And the minute those words left my mouth, I was like, God,
that made it sound a lot worse than it really is.
And so here you are to clear the air.
Yes, nothing bad happened.
I left because I left.
Nothing bad happened.
The end.
Nothing bad happened.
I agree.
No, and I'm agreeing with you.
Nothing bad happened.
It's just, you know.
Hi, Jason.
I can see Jason.
I know.
We have the whole webcam thing on Skype now.
So, but yeah, no, nothing.
I mean, you just weren't into it anymore, and that happens, right?
Yep, that does happen.
And it did happen.
You shouldn't do things that aren't fun.
Exactly.
That's my entire life.
That's why I don't always go to work.
Well, what, okay, for real though, what's on your mind?
What have you been up to besides quitting podcasts?
Playing Final Fantasy XIV, a whole bunch.
But that's not why I called.
I wanted to take a moment of silence to honor the memory of DJ Max
because it is, with the exception of the mobile game that they put out,
that's like Technica, the entire franchise is dead.
It's not just Technica that's dead.
It's the portable games.
It's DJ Max Ray on the iPhone.
That's gone now too.
Aww.
Yes.
And that was my favorite music series.
Absolute favorite.
100 percent.
Well, I don't know.
How would you send off a game like DJ Max?
Lots of drinking and crying.
Yeah, lots of drinking and crying.
Did you do some drinking and crying on New Year's when they shut it down?
I was drinking and not crying, but not for anything to do with DJ Max.
Fair enough, fair enough.
Yes.
All right, anything else on your mind, Shane?
No.
Oh, you missed Santa Ramen.
That's another reason I'm going to come out so I can eat ramen.
Because I've never been there.
Oh, well, we're going to all go and have really, really good ramen.
If I can be off work when you want to go, that'd be great.
Every day that I'm there, I should have put in more requests for time off.
All right.
And my deepest apologies, Shane, if what I said earlier in the show offended you.
It was super offensive.
It was like something I would see on TMZ or something.
Oh, whatever.
I don't read TMZ, but if I read TMZ, that's where it would be at.
You read Perez Hilton.
That's worse.
Nope.
I don't read that anymore.
Because it's super dumb.
Good.
Because it is super dumb.
I read Kotaku.
That is super dumb, too.
That's even worse.
I'd rather you read TMZ and Perez Hilton together than read Kotaku.
All right.
Ouch.
All right.
Let's see.
SD100MattChat, let me read this comment real quick before I let you in.
Yeah, because I can't see chat because I'm playing Final Fantasy.
Okay.
SD100Matt says, the Technica people I know are very begrudgingly going to re-rave.
Not a fan?
I don't want to say bad things about re-rave, but it's not a good game, and it sucks.
Well, there's always Neon FM.
And he criticizes me about being too dramatic and saying shit on this show, and then he
goes and says something like that.
There's a couple good songs that I've played, and I don't think the note charts are good.
I'm sorry, because I know people that work on that game, but I don't think the note charts
are good whatsoever.
But they have a few good songs on the stupid iPhone game.
I'm sure it's in the arcade or whatever.
But, no, that game is crap.
I do want to play Neon FM, though, because it still has a lot of good music, it looks
like, and that's good enough for me to want to play it.
I don't care if the game sucks, because it doesn't look that great, but it still has,
I think, The Nine and Alien 6 on there, so I'm happy.
I don't think it'll really come out either, though.
We'll see.
All right, Shane, I'm going to let you go so we can get more calls.
That's fine.
All right, bye.
All right, 1877 Game OLR, or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to give us
a call, and the phone lines are open again.
Let me go to Twitter topics in the meantime, or I don't know, Loki, do you have any last
minute news while I pull up the Twitters?
Uh, yeah, I think I had something here.
Oh, I was going to say, Tony Hawk Underground 2 is getting a massive mod that they're building
for the PC version that not only is going to add a ton of new features to it, but it's
going to upscale it to 1080p, which I think is kind of cool.
The only problem is, where the hell do you get that game now, because they don't sell
it on Steam or anything.
I guess for those rare people that were able to pick it up, or pirates.
I guess, yeah, but it looks pretty cool.
All right, let me go to some tweets, and I'll check in with you again, Loki.
Again, 1877 Game OLR, whoa, oops.
That's what I get for getting to mute Skype.
Sorry about that, guys.
This is all-
Movie magic.
All right, this is all still a brand new setup here, so let's go to the phones and see who's
there.
Hi, on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
It's the one and only DJ Ron Mass.
Hi, Rama, how you doing?
I'm doing good.
Now, since you got your video camera on-
We do.
I'm going to turn mine on.
Oh, my gosh.
It's an actual video conversation.
I can actually reach out and touch him.
All right, but this makes for excellent radio, Rama, excellent radio.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I want you to know that I upgraded my PlayStation 3 to a 500 gig hard drive.
How did you do that?
Say what?
How did you do that?
I went out and bought one.
I pulled the old one out of the fat one, put the new one in.
I didn't know you could do it that easy, because I need to get a new hard drive in my PlayStation 3,
because I'm out of room.
Yeah, it's that easy.
We'll talk later, and I'll tell you how I did it, because I was able to do it in about an hour.
Or I'll just make Loki do it for me, because he just said it's easy, too.
I put a 500 in mine, and I had a 20.
Nice, nice.
So you modded your PlayStation 3, and what all games are you playing on it?
I signed up for PlayStation Plus.
I'm like, okay, let's see what the big thing is about.
I sign in, I look at all the free games.
It's like the pearly gates have opened, and I'm looking at all these games.
I'm like, Devil May Cry, download.
Borderlands 2, download.
Something domain game, download.
I'm looking at this one game where I think I have it on Xbox Live, but it's free, download.
I just have a shit ton of games sitting on my console waiting for me to play at least a little bit of after the show.
PlayStation Plus is a great deal.
It's really a great deal.
I know that some people are not happy about the whole online multiplayer pay-to-go thing that they instituted with PlayStation 4,
but it's still a better deal than Xbox Live, in my opinion.
Xbox has a way to go to catch up with that.
When you say it like that, I'm reminded of that one meme of the Red Wedding from Game of Thrones,
where you see three people didn't read the book, didn't read the book, read the book.
It's like this. You got the same three people.
You got one person played Xbox Live, played Xbox Live, didn't play Xbox Live.
So those who are on Xbox Live, it's like, well, we kind of knew this shit, so what the fuck?
Bob Coffee in the chat room wants your PSN account.
I don't know if you want to give that out over the air,
but just know that there are people that would like to play games with you online.
Well, it's the same screen name I've always had when I called in here on my podcast and wherever.
It's DJ Ronma S. I'll even type it in the chat room later.
I'll even throw it up on the forums if need be, too.
But I realized that after my trial is up, which I will renew, all the free games are gone,
and I'm like, it's not free! These are rentals, dammit!
That's right. That's right. You got to keep paying the Sony people or they're going to take them right away.
So look out. Good times.
All right, Ronma, anything else on your mind tonight?
My top three games for 2013. No special order.
Number one, Project Cross Zone.
This was the only game that stopped me from playing Candy Crush Saga for months.
Why? I didn't hear a lot of good things about that game. Why that game?
Haters. They're probably mad because it plays like tactics, but the battle is different.
When you're battling, you're actually doing punchier commands where you're fighting the opponents,
whereas normal tactical games, you don't do that. It's like, they fight, and that's it.
Project Cross Zone, you're going in, you're comboing, and you're doing attacks left and right.
I love that shit.
All right, you're in your second game?
DuckTales Remastered.
And why DuckTales Remastered?
I felt like a kid playing it again. I have a personal challenge for myself to hit $30 million in the game,
because when I had it for NES, I could sit there, go through every single level, and crack $30 million without breaking a sweat.
Fuck that Vesuvius level, though.
I love the Vesuvius level.
No, it's great, but I just say fuck it because it's so fucking hard.
The only hard part was when I was trying to get to the end, and I'm playing through the game,
I'm like, I know where everything is, and I realized, oh, they added this, they added, ooh, they added this stuff here,
and then when you're dragging a duck, and I'm like, I'm thinking, oh, they got Transylvania,
I'm hopping around, trying to get my ass up the damn screen, and I'm like,
let me switch to the analog controls so I can make my way up there.
Took me two tries, and I finally made it to the end.
Took me a couple tries, too. And lastly...
The Legend of Zelda, A Link Between Worlds.
Thumbs up for you, good sir. That's a great choice.
Yes, I just have one thing to say about that.
The ice level, sliding back and forth, playing this while you're riding the subway.
Fuck you, Nintendo. Fuck you.
Alright, on that note, Rama, we gotta let you go to get more calls.
Alright, cool.
Take care, buddy. Always good to see you. Take care.
You got it.
Bye.
Bye.
Alright, 1877 Game OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word if you want to give us a call.
We will probably try to sneak in one more call.
Let me quickly run through some tweets.
We got a few tweets here. Tigerclaw tweeting us at OLR.
Last of Us and Assassin's Creed nominated for WGA Awards, Writers Guild of America.
You know, we've seen more and more video games show up in those awards.
So that's great.
Last of Us getting a lot of accolades, a lot of Game of the Year awards.
No surprises there whatsoever, and I know Assassin's Creed...
The story of GLAAD last week.
Yeah, yeah.
ActDeft tweets us, Kirby Triple Deluxe is sold out on Amazon Japan and is topping the charts in Japan.
So, you know, ActDeft is a Kirby fanboy.
So it's probably nice to have that validation that Japan is literally eating him up.
So that's great.
No, I hope the game is successful here as well.
1877 Game OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, we can probably fit in one more call.
BobbyBlackWolf, our buddy who tapes before us, had to tweet us a picture.
He said, yeah, I had to. Why not?
He is playing in his Super Nintendo on the Oculus Rift.
He's playing what? Super Noah's Ark 3D.
He got that through, I'm sure, perfectly legal means to play on his Oculus Rift.
That Super Nintendo emulator is pretty fun, though, because you can actually look around.
Like, you see in the little screenshot he sent us on Twitter, and you can see this, too, if you look at the OLR account.
Let me do a retweet there so you can see that on the OLR account.
He actually, if you look down, you see yourself holding the Super Nintendo controller, which is kind of funny.
I realize that I didn't understand the picture because you can see your hands on the controller,
and I thought it was a picture that was split in two, and it didn't occur to me until just when you were talking about it.
It's a living room simulator emulator.
Yep, that's exactly what it is. He let me play a Mario Kart on it, which was a lot of fun. Good stuff.
Let's see, 13xForever actually tweeted us in response to the FUGL question from last week.
Here's my response to the Create Your Own Fighting constructor, and he gives us a link.
Let me open that link, but right now we gotta go to the phones because we do have another phone call coming in, so I want to get to it.
So, hi there, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey there, it's VidPower.
Hey, there you are. Now I can hear you. Hey, VidPower. My God, I haven't heard from you in a long time. How are you?
Good, good.
Good to hear from you. What's up, buddy?
I want to talk about CES again this year.
You went to CES this year, right? Because that's right in your backyard, right?
Totally.
How was it?
Awesome, awesome. I got to check out the PlayStation Now service from Sony.
Oh, even though they were streaming it from, you know, just down the hall, but that's okay.
Yeah, exactly. Well, you know, it worked, you know, seeing as it was down the hall. So, you know, it worked, and it was kind of cool.
I was playing The Last of Us, and you could see the video quality, like, you know, it's like depending on the network.
So, you know, it like degrades in quality depending on your network. But, you know, it worked. No lag, which was the most important thing, I thought.
That was the most important thing I was going to ask is, is there that kind of lag that you would expect?
Because that seems like the all-important thing. Like, is there lag?
There, I did not feel any lag. That was like the first thing I wanted to try out was, well, you know, seeing as that's down the hall.
But yeah, yeah, it was, I was impressed. I was very impressed.
Now the question is, is that going to work from here to Alaska? Or is it only going to work when it's down the hall? That's the crazy question, so.
It was, it was kind of cool because they had it running on a new Bravia model, and there was no PlayStation 4 connected whatsoever.
So, it was, it was completely streamed to their TV, and they also had a Vita set up, so, you know.
Nice.
Pretty cool, and it worked.
But there wasn't like a whole lot of gaming stuff at CES, right? There was just kind of that, or did you get, did you get to catch some other stuff while you were there as well?
In terms of, like, new, like, games, the only new game they had there was Infamous Second Son.
And, you know, that was fun, that was fun. I had never played too many Infamous games before, but yeah, it was pretty fun.
And that only comes out in like two months from now, so it was a nice little preview.
Everything else is just like old, older games that have already been out, you know, like Knack, or NBA Live, or games that are already out right now, so nothing new.
Okay, I gotcha. Now, did you get to see Michael Bay fucking up on stage, or was that invite only?
I did not get to see that, no. I saw the video, though, but that was, I totally missed out on that whole shebang.
Was he walking through the show floor with his head hung low, and all that?
Maybe, maybe. Maybe.
I'm sure he was hiding out backstage for the whole rest of the competition.
That was the most, that was so crazy, and, you know, not to be a bitch, but my immediate tweet, because if you're gonna be a bitch, do it on Twitter, that's where everybody's a bitch.
So, my first thing, I went and I wrote a tweet, and I said, I said, Live ain't easy, is it, Michael Bay?
So, anyway. Alright, I had to say something about that.
Yeah, that was good.
Now, okay, since you're in Vegas, surely you know the answer to this question. Is there some type of coin-op show that happens in Vegas every year?
It's like an amusement expo or something, right?
Uh, I think you might be referring to AOU, uh, is it the amusement operators?
Yes, yes it is. That is it. Thank you. I knew there was something like that.
See, I just have to ask the guy that's in convention, Convention City, there.
TigerClan, our chatroom, saying that the teleprompter broke, that's why.
Well, you shouldn't have to have the teleprompter to make or break you, my gosh.
You know what, though, it isn't easy. To be fair, when I did that, it was the UmLoud thing a couple years ago,
when they asked me to be, like, the man on the street thing for the livestream, I was kind of scared shitless.
Like, it is really hard when it's a video, and you know that people are watching you and stuff.
Like, this is easy, because I can't see you.
But when it's in video, it's like, I don't know, it's so much different, it's weird.
So, I can't give Michael Bay too much shit, but...
Anyway, well what else? Tell us one more funny CES story before we let you go.
Um, they had a DDR setup for this, like, health, it was like a health company.
Oh, like the DDR in school thing?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it was a DDR in school, like, setup, which I was surprised to see. That was kind of funny.
That is pretty awesome. See, kids today, you know, when I was your age, kids, playing your DDR in school,
when I was your age, in the wintertime, we did square dancing. That was our DDR.
And instead of arrows scrolling up the screen, it would be the female PE teacher out there going,
All right, everybody, now do-si-do. And yes, she sounded like that.
All right, anybody. Anyway, VidPower, I gotta let you go so we can wrap up the show,
but it sounds like you had a great time at CES, and I appreciate hearing from you.
So, your next mission, should you choose to accept it, is to go to the adult expo that's taking place,
I think, right now, and report on that too, okay?
All right, I'll see what I can do.
All right, appreciate it. All right, take care, buddy.
Bye.
All right, that again is VidPower there on the Skype line,
and that is actually going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
I'm sorry to those that didn't get through, but we're running a little bit behind tonight,
so I want to make sure we can go ahead and wrap things up.
Quickly, Loki, I'm going to check in with you. Are there any other last-minute stories?
Because I've got to finish these tweets. I didn't finish that one guy's tweet, unfortunately.
No, there's nothing really.
All right, let's see. This is a tweet that, again, 13X Forever sent, saying the Create Your Own Fighting constructor.
I guess this is actually a link to a game that will let you actually create your own 3D.
This is better, though. This looks better a little bit than Moog. What is it, Moogan is the name of that or whatever?
This is different. This is EF12. It's a playable 3D fighting game,
and I guess with the engine built in it, you can actually mod the hell out of it and make your own, like, 3D fighters.
You could put yourself in it if you want. So that seems like a more advanced type of game.
They had something similar on PlayStation 2, I want to say. It was by the same guys that did the RPG Maker as Fighter Maker.
But there's some really terrible games they made out of that.
Playism-Games.com, if you want to check that out. Thanks for that tweet. Appreciate it.
I'm trying to see if there's any other tweets.
Apparently it's on Greenlight as well.
Oh, is it?
So says the tweet. I haven't seen the actual listing yet.
I heard they Greenlit a bunch more games there.
Let's see, I'm going to do one more here from Redertainment, saying,
Is tweeting about a post on Tumblr which is about a tweet meta meta?
Yes, probably.
Oh god, that was in reference to last week's show. That's really funny.
He linked to the tweet with the guy. He actually ended up following me on Twitter, which is pretty cool.
The guy who did the Metroid thing.
Cyanic.
Don't put me on the spot.
There, cymaticbruce.
Alright, that's going to do it.
I literally just put it in the video like 24 hours ago.
Don't forget.
That's going to do it for the Twitters tonight.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R if you want to send us a tweet for a future week.
That's it. It's 9.20 here at O-L-R central.
So we got to wrap up and get on out of here for the night.
Jason, I want to thank you once again for being here and appreciate you really.
You guys don't know this, but Jason had to step up with about five minutes notice to take over Jamie's stories tonight.
So I really appreciate that.
I'm here. I manage.
It's nice being able to get out there and opinionate and pundit it up a little bit more.
It's fun. Good times. You did a good job.
So thank you for being here. Your final thought tonight, sir?
My thought tonight is as much as I'm not looking forward to driving back home, I want to be back home.
Three three little weeks.
Well, Loki, as much as I'd hope to see you next week, I have this funny feeling we're probably not going to see you next week, although I suppose we might.
So let me just say in advance, good luck with everything and wishing you and Mrs. Loki all the best in this next journey.
And yeah, we'll be thinking of you.
We want to know the name as soon as the kids here.
All right. Of course.
I already know the name, but I can't say anything until he's born.
I understand. I completely understand.
Your final thought, Loki?
His name's Rob Brower.
I wish. That'd be cute. That's a good name.
I ate free coffee this week, so that's good.
Free coffee! Yay!
And I have a coffee truck parked out in front of our work.
Nice. I want a coffee truck outside of my work. No fair.
And my final thought tonight. I'll say what I always say at the end of every show.
If you like what you hear here at Orange Laundry Radio, don't forget to tell a friend or five about the program.
Help us spread the word. You know, word of mouth is all we've got.
Independents have to support each other.
And as long as you're not whipping your titties out on PlayStation 4, chances are, or your wiener.
I'm equal opportunity here.
As long as you're not whipping that stuff out on PlayStation 4, I probably will support your independent broadcast because I'm all about getting the voices out there.
So remember, just support any broadcast.
Even if you didn't like this show, there's tons of other people doing a similar type of thing with just as much passion.
So please support all those hardworking independent broadcasters out there.
If you like what we do, the best way you can support us, tell a friend or five about the show.
If you seriously can't think of anybody to tell, a nice review goes a long way on a site like iTunes, a site like Stitcher.
Those reviews, especially the Stitcher ones, really do go a long way.
And we've been having really good success on Stitcher lately thanks to those reviews, so I really, really appreciate it.
And Jamie would like to say blah.
Is that her final thought?
That is her final thought.
Feel better, DarkSakura. We missed you tonight. We hope to see you real soon, okay?
Really appreciate that.
That's it. We're done. We'll be back next week and we'll do it all over again.
So until then, take care everybody.
Don't be a jerk online. Keep it in your pants, please. Please.
And that's it. Good night everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vaughnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vaugh Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
you
