Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, the news is exciting as it ever is. However, we'd like to take this moment to send our congratulations to Loki, along with Miss Loki and Baby Loki, on the arrival of newest Baby Loki this week. Congratulations! And now, on with the show.
Orange Lounge Radio
That's right. Congratulations. This story is happy.
Yay! Congratulations!
Voice makers, confetti.
Hooray for genetics.
Celebration. Hey, welcome back everybody. My internet friends and everybody out there. Tune in to another week of Orange Lounge Radio. It is the show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts, here to talk with you over the next few hours about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with my co-host. Say hello, of course, to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Blarg.
How are you doing?
Blarg!
Blarg. That was a very happy kind of blarg.
Yes, it was.
Yeah.
I'm okay. I'm just tired.
I know you have been settling in at Cool New Job, and things are going very coolly.
Since I am not going to be telling anybody where I work.
It's fine. I don't either.
I've decided that it is called Cool Job.
Cool Job.
And that I really like Cool Job.
I'll call mine Fun Job, and you can have Cool Job.
You have Fun Job, I have Cool Job.
Alright.
But, but, but, but...
Jason can have Hand Job.
Hahaha.
Alright.
But, but I have to say...
Wow!
Oh hey, Jason. How you doing?
Wow!
I...
No, your job's really cool, though, too.
I just have to say one little thing, though.
I have been walking around in my N7 hoodie, and have been called Shepherd no less than eight times during the last week.
They get it.
That's a good sign of a good workplace.
Yes, it is.
That's a good sign.
Hey, Jason. How you doing?
Hi.
I mean, I shouldn't be averse to that, because that falls in line with the trend of things that are at least mildly pleasant.
One would hope.
A hand job is a very good thing.
So, you know what?
It's okay. I couldn't think of any other insert, insert here job.
Oh wow.
And Dark Soccer's doing the hand jive.
I'm doing the hand jive because, like, what was that?
A happy ending massage video.
Hahaha.
Oh god, that's a great YouTube.
Alright, anyway.
I smell a future fortune cookie.
Perhaps, perhaps.
That one is so visual that it doesn't work, so.
Voice of the show, Jason, back here for another week.
Hello.
Celebrating wintertime, which, welcome to California winter, by the way, where it hasn't rained for 45 days.
I was here for the brunt of it.
I talked about the miserably cold, like, second week of December, and in the Bay Area, it is getting much nicer, though.
It's been nominal all week, and will continue to be.
But we are going to have you at least one more week, right? We're going to have you next week on Puppy Bowl Sunday?
I... actually don't know.
Alright.
I don't know, I literally have no idea what's going to happen next week because I have been...
We did talk hand skin ball last week, and that is still the...
Hahahaha.
Maybe your job is hand job. Hahahaha.
You didn't even, you didn't even tell that to be funny.
I can't even pick the right words to make that even remotely better anymore.
You know what, just ignore my comments. Ignore my comments.
Pig skin ball. Hand ball. Egg ball.
These words are not making face.
I'd just call it wank ball and be done with it.
Alright.
I do intend to be part of some of a Super Bowl party with some friends next week.
I don't know when it will start, if I'll duck out at the half. I have no idea what my specific plans are.
We will play it by ear, like we usually do. Like I usually do, anyways.
Well, we will be having a Puppy Bowl party next week.
I'll go ahead and say, I was going to tease this during the segment later where we talk about the plugs and stuff,
but I will be saying, live in studio on Orange Lawn Tradio for the first time in several years.
It's probably been about five years since we've had this guy on Orange Lawn Tradio.
Many of you know him, however, from his time on Hoard House.
Shane will be here live next week on Puppy Bowl Sunday.
So that's going to be a fun show. Or as Shane would say, whatever.
You know what, I know we're calling it Puppy Bowl Sunday, but my usual nickname for the bigger event that day is going to be...
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no. There is no bigger event than where Keyboard Cat plays halftime.
For the more nationally accepted event...
Fine.
Could possibly be accurate. The Super Bowl.
The Super Bowl.
The Super Bowl.
The Super Bowl.
All right. So anyway, we do need to say, of course, Tech Master Loki, not here in studio tonight.
As you probably guessed, he has the night off because...
He better be rubbing his wife's feet.
Because Mrs. Loki did deliver the child on Tuesday.
So congratulations to Loki and Mrs. Loki on the newest addition to their family.
And I can tell you the name. The name is...
They named their child because remember he was teasing. It had a video game reference in it.
So they named their child Daniel Layton.
That's right. The kid's name is Professor Layton, which is kind of awesome.
You know what my husband said?
Huh?
Good name.
I know, good name, right?
Because I married a Dan.
Well, you and Dan have talked about when that day inevitably comes.
I don't know if you're still like serious about this or not, but...
It's probably not bloody likely.
You were tossed around the idea of Richter as a name, right? At some point?
Yeah, and then we've decided that if we had a girl we'd go after a name each for one of our grandmothers.
And then a name each for one of our uncles.
Ah.
Because we are very proud of our uncles and he does not want a Daniel Peter 3.0.
I see. That's fine.
Because Dan's a junior.
Ah, okay.
So half the family calls him Pete.
Okay.
Because his dad is Dan. But not me.
Professor Layton, they're setting him up for a lifetime of a student loan debt.
I think... right.
I should, just to clarify, they do spell Layton a little differently.
L-A-I-G-H.
No, I think there's an E in it in 7A or something like that.
And so I don't think they actually named it off the video game character. I think it's just one of those things.
Well, yeah, they don't want their son to get sued for copyright.
I mean...
Yeah, we'll talk about that later.
I'm pretty sure Mrs. Loki probably said, what about this name? And then Loki probably went, yes, yes, that name will work.
I do have to say though, and I've made this observation just as a Jewish convert, that while Mrs. Loki is not super observant, all of her children have had Jewish names.
Yeah.
So I have... that has not gone unnoticed.
So there you go.
And they sound like normal names to me. So two ways.
I do not know when Loki will be back.
He can take as much time off as he needs, and I'm sure we all understand. So that's that.
We'll miss him, but we're all thinking about him and his growing families. That's amazing.
Anyhow...
Nellie, I'm sorry, is gonna be...
Go ahead, quickly.
Is gonna be... tired.
Yeah, well...
Like I said...
They all are.
He better be rubbing her feet.
They are all gonna be tired.
He better be getting her whatever she wants, and he better be waking up a baby.
So anyway, let's talk about our growing family. You guys in our chat room, the always present other panelists on the show.
Live.vognetwork.com is where we tape live at the Voice of Geeks Network every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And if you do happen to be listening to this show live, head on over to our chat. Again, that's live.vognetwork.com.
And you may get your comments right on air. Sometimes epic debates on this program have started from a simple chat comment.
So bring it, y'all.
Go into our chat room. We'll let Locopoco start us off, commenting on the name. Daniel Layton.
Locopoco says, you must solve this puzzle or else you get no dinner.
That's cruel, but funny.
Alright, Raginator says, so no tingle Layton then.
I think Loki was going to stay far away from the name Tingle, that's for sure.
Some folks talking about the Super Bowl, and Brad from Pod Culture reminding us it's going to be the Weed Bowl.
And Rama's saying it's the Smoke-A-Bowl.
I call it the, I don't give a shit bowl, how about that?
I just, yeah. You know what, we've got our thing, video games, some other folks have their thing, football.
Some people have both, which is cool. If next Sunday's a big deal for you, have fun with it.
You know, just be safe, drink in moderation, don't drink and drive, all that stuff. Have fun with it.
We'll still be here doing our thing though.
So I did not finish last week's video because I was quite sick and quite busy this week.
Fired!
But, how have I never heard of Super High Impact before?
What?
You hadn't heard of that before?
I have never played, seen, heard of it before, and I looked up footage for use in the video.
And I just lost, pleasantly lost 30 minutes of my life watching the game being played.
It's the game that growls at you.
It was the most ridiculous, greatly ridiculous thing I've ever seen.
Yeah, it's a fun game, isn't it?
That's the only football game that we had at my house for the longest time, was Super High Impact.
It was the other one for me, Tecmo Bowl, was the only one I could, you know.
I think it may have been, just based off the name, I was maybe averse to it for like, fighting game reasons or something like that.
But, I've played a lot of one-offs in my life, I've played a lot of alternative sports games in my life, missed that one somehow.
I will be correcting this sometime soon.
It actually was pretty fun, I mean, my brothers and I would play it.
And I just liked that it would growl at you every time you picked a play.
You'd go, grrrr, make that noise.
So, let's get into our kickoff topic tonight.
We have several, actually, tonight, because I kind of hit a creative block tonight when I was trying to put together the show role.
I was like, what are we going to talk about for the kickoff topic tonight?
So, I did what I sometimes do when I hit a creative block and I crowdsourced.
I went to my Twitter feed and I said, guys, you must be a social media expert.
Apparently, right?
I went to my social media feed, I went to my Twitter and I said, hey guys, what should we do for a kickoff topic tonight?
And so, I got a few answers and I got some really good stuff.
And so, I want to just quickly, I don't want to have any long 45 minute kickoff topics like we had last week, right, Jason?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, funny enough, my buddy Ian, or AtariBarbie on Twitter, actually said, Nintendo financials.
And I said, you should probably go to last week's show, buddy.
Thanks, though.
But I understand. It's a three hour show. He's probably behind.
But AtariBarbie sent me another one that I thought was a really good kickoff topic.
So, let me start with this one. So, quickly, asking everybody here in the room, what does game of the year mean?
You know, this is January. You've got a lot of podcasts, a lot of media outlets catching up on there.
What was my 2013 game of the year?
And, you know, and I even talked about this a little bit on last week's show because I said, damn it.
You know, I mentioned my top five games of the year in the last show of December.
But then I played Guacamelee. And I was like, you know what, Guacamelee, whatever.
That really should have been, wait, didn't we find out that in Spanish, I'm pronouncing it right, anyway.
I played that game and it was like, shouldn't that have been one of my top five?
It very well probably should have been. I probably actually would rank that higher than Spelunky at this point.
So, although Spelunky is very good too, but my point is, you know, these things change.
So, what does game of the year really mean?
What does it mean when, I don't know, IGN does their big game of the year or, you know, Koopa Club podcast,
which Ian is a part of, does their game of the year? What does game of the year really mean?
Game of the year means to me that it has that sort of association for fond memories.
It's something that you'll come back to actively or passively.
If you're in the mood for it, great. If you're just looking for something to do and it seems to kind of,
you know, fill that need for being able to take in artistic or otherwise meaningful detail,
that you'll go back to it for that.
As we said in our top three, it does not just have to be this year.
It just has to be something that you played in this year.
And with the ever-growing size of libraries, you can miss things.
Like, I just found out that I missed something for two decades running.
It's a game that resonates with you in whatever way that's meaningful to you.
It's as simple as that.
I really think that, you know, game of the year, and we kind of talked about this disclaimer before we did ours,
it's really, there's no right or wrong answer, clearly.
It's whatever game to you had the biggest impact on you for that year.
Or, you know, the game that you look back and you say, dang it, that was my best gaming experience.
And everything I did the entire year, that game frickin' just smacked me with a two-by-four,
either with emotion, with beauty, with gameplay, replayability, whatever it is.
So mine would be Mass Effect every year?
Possibly, honestly.
When you look back on 2013, what video game are you going to say, man, that game defined 2013 for me.
That was a great year for gaming.
That was practically all I played was fractal.
Is that a bad thing?
No.
Just because she didn't go with the artistic choice of Gone Home?
Or she didn't go with the mainstream choice of The Last of Us?
Well, I think I picked Stanley Parable as one of my games because it made me giggle.
But here's the thing, when you're talking to you as an individual versus, you know, you've got,
I know Polygon did their list and had some interesting feedback
because they chose to name Gone Home their top game of the year, for better or for worse.
Or GameSpot, which I believe also named Zelda, Link Between Worlds, just like I did as my game of the year.
When you have an organization, it's a little bit different because now that list represents your company, your organization.
It's part of your branding.
Yeah, it's part of your branding. It really is. It's part of your editorial and so forth.
And I'm going to take, look, I'm going to take a lot of shit for what I'm about to say, but I'm just going to tell it like it is.
This is honest, Rob. I'm just going to tell it like it is.
Polygon's choice of Gone Home as game of the year makes a lot of sense for that organization because both those things are kind of, well, you know.
Quirky, quirky.
Yeah, all right, yeah. You know where I'm going with this, right?
A little bit, you know, whereas, you know, you got something a little more mainstream like GameSpot, you know, picks a little bit more of a mainstream choice or whatever.
You know, it's just, it kind of does match the branding of the organization in some ways.
So going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Black Wolf says, I remember getting crap from a listener because of what I chose as my game of the year did not move the industry forward in quotes.
Yeah, but Black Wolf, you are your show. You have every right to whatever the hell you want to pick as your game of the year and nobody can really refute that.
That is your game of the year. That's my opinion anyway.
Well, because it is an opinion and opinions aren't wrong per se.
It's opinions are something based from feeling which actually can't be necessarily quantified.
So he's right to pick whatever he wants.
Black Wolf in chat says, I liked Gone Home and I also like Polygon.
Don't get me wrong, I like both those things too. Gone Home was a great experience.
Not my game of the year necessarily, but that's just because there were so many great games last year.
That doesn't mean Gone Home was not a great experience. It was.
And I gave it a positive review and I talked about it the first time.
It's just the, it's kind of come to be accepted as the, how do we say it, pretentious choice?
I mean, I'm sorry to the developers of the game that worked very hard on it, I'm sure.
But I'm just saying it kind of has that reputation right now of being the pretentious choice.
So, you know, it makes sense that a pretentious news organization.
Anyway, let's see. I'm just telling it like it is tonight.
I've been sick all week. I don't care.
Well, Biologist calls him like a season.
Locopoco says, my game of the year of 2013 was Killer Instinct and not The Last of Us.
Why? Because Killer Instinct is the type of game I love most and The Last of Us just doesn't.
It's just personal preference.
And you know what? If you're a fighting game fan, I fully expect that a game like Killer Instinct would top your list.
That game is gorgeous.
Right?
Like from, you know, I, I don't think I still have my Killer Instinct cart, but for the fighting games that I got in, that I actually got into, Killer Instinct ranks up there.
I was never particularly any good at it, but I still have concrete memories about it that I know exactly what the game was, how it played, what it looks like.
Not so much the N64 because I never owned one, a little bit maybe, but the SNES and the arcade versions 100%.
Booting it up on the Xbox One blew me away.
It was, you know, I, just knowing the progression of fighting games.
The fact that Street Fighter IV went in a slightly different direction where Tekken and, holy crap, what's the other fighting game series?
Um...
Soulcalibur?
No, there's an, uh, something, something alongside Tekken that's been frequently updated.
I want to say King of Fighters.
Yeah, the King of Fighters series has been.
It's very obvious I'm missing it, but like, as many fighting games with a continued series that have come out and have been more realistic and more realistic.
Street Fighter went more exaggerated and cartoony.
Fucking unbelievable.
I'm thinking Virtua Fighter.
Mortal Kombat and Injustice is what I'm thinking of.
Um, um, and so as all those games got more realistic and, and I want to say dark, but you know, just these, just these really serious tones.
Street Fighter went super cartoony and then Killer Instinct with all of these fake creatures still has so much depth and detail that is 100% gorgeous.
Um, shifting to another topic here, Kaishudo in chat says, my game of the year is Grand Theft Auto 5.
You know, I believe that was Loki's pick for game of the year.
And believe?
Right. And we all kind of sat here and went, duh, we could have, we could have named Loki's top three because his top three was what?
Like Saints Row 4, uh, Grand Theft Auto 5.
I mean, it was the, the, the Loki games you would expect, right?
Absolutely.
Just like the fighting game fans, you know, are going to pick and so on and so on.
So anyway, a pinball fan probably really enjoyed a pinball arcade, you know, whatever.
Anyway, good topic.
And thank you.
And everybody should listen to Koopa Club.
It's a fun, fun show.
By the way, I should have also added the Metallica pinball table to my list.
I didn't realize there was a Metallica pinball table.
It's kind of rad.
Yeah, they had it at, um, uh, California extreme last year.
Awesome.
Had a big thing for it.
It was actually really cool.
Let me do a quick, uh, suggestion that came from, I love this username on Twitter.
1-2-3-4-5-6-7-0-T.
But the username says John.
So I'll, I'll say John.
John said, yeah, for Pokemon games, how come they don't have the Pokemon talk like in the show instead of the horrific chiptune growls?
Well, maybe I should roll that question over to next week when Shane's here because Shane's a Pokemon expert.
He'll, he'll be able to answer all that.
But I, my understanding, it's just limitations of the hardware because you have to remember that series dates back to the original Game Boy.
And that really, you couldn't do voice for 150 characters in the Game Boy.
Well, and the fact, and I think I had covered it when I did Pokemon as classic game.
Hint, hint.
That, um, it was actually a big thing that he got the growling noises to go out by, um, using the, uh, the midi processor to have them make any of those.
Yeah. That's the other thing about that series is that with all of the core games being on portables on, you know, non optical media, it's kind of at a disadvantage for storage space.
So to fit the entirety of the world, the entirety of the textures, the entirety of the items, all of the other data that goes into making up those games.
They, and not to mention relying on, um, synthesizers, synthesizers instead of samplers or mixing those up.
Uh, the, the limitations and the capacity is not exactly at a premium in the Nintendo mobile world.
Uh, I will say Pokemon XY though does have the actual Pikachu saying Pikachu, which is the most recognizable one from the cartoon series, obviously.
I wish they would have done more, but I, they crammed a lot of stuff into that little 3DS card.
All what, 650 or something like that?
Yeah, right. So, you know, when you start to get that many, I think they kind of had to pick and choose which ones they're going to give voices to.
So there you go.
Alright, two more kickoff topics here from Twitter.
Uh, this next one comes from my pal Ronnie Talbot on Twitter.
Uh, Ronnie was on Horde House, uh, a while ago, and he was actually, a lot of people have known him because he was on, um, uh, a reality show called Big Brother here in the US.
So we're, we're Twitter friends after that. Cause when he was a nerd on big, I like trashy reality TV shows and he was a nerd.
So it was like, Ronnie, what's up? We should be friends. And now we are.
Um, so Ronnie sent me a suggestion and I know he was bitching about this on Twitter the other night.
Ronnie says, how about why is the gaming community so cannibalizing in games like League of Legends?
They are so rude to each other. They never consider the concept of everyone sucks in the beginning.
They expect auto awesomeness. Hashtag not gonna happen.
That is so true though in so many online games and you know, I don't know, maybe this is more of a Horde House topic, whatever. Let's bring it up here.
There's oftentimes really toxic communities if for new players, you know, like if you're not good GTFO, right?
And I'm always kind of like, well then why do you play in public rooms if you don't want to play against all skill sets?
If you want to play against people that are good, find the good people and set up private matches or something like it always just kind of blows my mind how mean people are.
But especially in a game like League of Legends where teamwork is so important to success, like people get really ticked off when they get a new player because they'd rather throw their hands up and say, oh, I quit than trying to teach somebody how to play.
A reason is probably the fact that games like that are quantifiably skill based and when they face someone of noticeably lower skill then it's considered a waste of their time.
And when those games more or less have a minimum of 20 to 25 minutes, that's a reasonable chunk of time.
Yeah, you can steamroll them more often than not, but Starcraft, I don't know that I've really seen it so much in Starcraft.
You get those attitudes, but usually at the end and not at the beginning, not that that's different from the point that he was making.
But quantifiable multiplayer games and yeah, I don't know where to go beyond that.
I think it's as simple as when you don't have to look that person in the eye, it's much easier to be a dick to them.
Well that defines every single game ever, which is probably also quite a bit of truth too.
That's just the freaking internet. That's the internet.
When you get in one of those hyper competitive things where your success is dependent on your team, when you get somebody that's going to quote bring you down, a lot of people get frustrated and throw their hands up and quit and they don't want to take that patience.
I remember watching you stream Final Fantasy XIV one night and you guys were shaming your party.
They don't know what they're doing!
You have to teach this tank!
What the hell man?
I guess we're no better, I don't know, but another big difference is that we didn't say it like you're terrible.
And you legitimately were teaching them so that they would actually be able to get through the instance or whatever was actually going on that night.
The Titan fight was what we were doing that night.
I'll take your word for it.
Anybody who's played XIV knows the thrill of the Titan fight, so anyway.
I'm just nodding my head right now because...
Smile and nod, smile and nod.
The anonymous internet kind of sucks sometimes for that and I really wish those people who are not going to have any patience for new people would go find their little team and go play with that and nothing but that.
Because there's going to be new people and you just have to deal with it.
Like in Final Fantasy XIV, which I play an awful lot of, if I'm going to use the Duty Finder, I'm going to probably get people that are new.
Because they're using it too to find the people.
So I've got to wait for cutscenes, I've got to explain fights, and sure I might get frustrated but I'm not going to take it out on said person because everybody's got to learn somewhere.
I also remember...
It was a little different, E3 2004, I was wandering around with you when they had the Final Fantasy XI...
Oh, the year I won the computer?
Yeah.
And you were...
Because you were...
I'm waiting to see what words... choose your words carefully, Jason.
Yeah, because I've been doing that so well tonight already.
It wasn't like...
Hand skin ball.
Thanks for the reminder.
It was not nearly as bad as what I just referenced with Final Fantasy XIV.
You were still... you were disappointingly frustrated because the collective of people...
You didn't have a lot of confidence in your team, sir.
You were just like, I want to be able to do this because I know what's actually going on.
I want you guys to be able to keep up with me.
And so it was that excitement.
I wanted to win, dammit.
Absolutely. It was the frustration born out of eagerness, which is completely legitimate and always happens.
And again, with that slant of, you actually know what the hell is going on.
You're a fan on the floor that's here because you enjoy the game.
You already have experience with the game.
But by no means did you boss, take over, browbeat anybody else you were playing with.
Yeah, I didn't walk up to a total stranger on my team and go, why do you suck so fucking bad?
You lost this round for us!
Just kill yourself! And that's what people say in online games.
You know, I would never do that.
I might roll my eyes when they're not looking, but you know, that's the extent of it.
I want to say I remember that you kind of threw hints to whoever was closest next to you.
Maybe? I could be making that up.
I would hope, because helping them would help me win.
If I'm like, alright, cast this. Go find that guy, cast it. Hit the buttons. Do it, do it, do it.
No, the other buttons.
No, no, the other buttons!
I know there's a lot figured out! Let's do it!
Look, if I knew Ronnie's topic was just going to get me called out by Jason, I would never have read it.
Damn it, Ronnie. Alright.
Love you, Ronnie. Never met you, but love you already.
Moving on, one more little kick-off topic here from Flocko Jones.
If you visit VoGnetwork.com and ever read the comments, you know Flocko Jones.
He's the number one fan of Hoard House. He's a great guy. We love Flocko Jones.
Flocko says, because it's Grammy night. Oh yeah, that.
Award show.
Yeah, award show. Really though, I like this topic.
Maybe a discussion of your favorite video game music since it's Grammy night.
Or to be more topical, music from this year's games that should have been nominated like Journeys was last year.
Let's go with kind of, what soundtracks have you discovered recently that are really frickin' good?
I'm going to kind of generalize it in that way. What soundtracks have you discovered lately?
I saw Frozen on Friday.
I meant video games, damn it. Alright, that'll work though, I guess.
Alright. Anybody? I would say again, Guacamelee was a great...
To tip the coffee out of your hand.
Was a great, great soundtrack. I love that one.
Hotline Miami.
Hotline Miami did have a great soundtrack to it.
Oh, and Drunken Robot Pornography. No, it really did have good music.
That name makes me giggle, how can it not?
What about you guys in chat? Live.vognetwork.com.
And Fractal, if you just want good background ambience.
Jason?
I know I just added a bunch of soundtracks to my library.
I don't know that I've had something...
I've been very into a lot of...
I hate using the word traditional, but you know, composed music for public consumption and not just for the medium of games.
It's been a while since I've had something in gaming that has been that specific for me.
I've been listening to an awful lot of rogue legacy music lately, and that's fun and it fits the motif.
Beyond that, it's fine. I wouldn't call it the experience on the level we're talking about, though.
We've got a couple of people in chat, including Rama and Awesome Unicorn saying Link Between Worlds.
Of course, of course, it was great.
Let's see, Rama also says DuckTales Remastered. That was a really good soundtrack.
It was really good.
SG100Matt says Broken Age has a great soundtrack.
And Tal says Banner Saga.
So those are all some really good picks. Good job, you guys.
Thank you for picking up the slack, chat room.
Thank you for picking up the slack, because I was blanking a little bit on that question.
I was like, what if I played really recently?
I mean, I keep thinking back to older games and so forth, but I can't think of a lot of recent stuff.
Yeah, it's hard, because it's very much a secondary thing, and the easy cop-out is something where the music makes the game,
whether the obvious answers that we all know here are something like sound shapes or anything else along those lines.
Music is secondary, which usually helps to float the obvious ones to the surface.
Ooh, TigerClaw says, what about the Bioshock Infinite soundtrack? Yes.
I've been listening to the Minecraft soundtrack a lot lately. That's really good, too.
Chiptune artist C418.
Great stuff, great stuff. I know this is really cliche of me to say, but the music in this game really, really, really is good.
Final Fantasy XIV is so good. It's so good. So good.
One would hope.
All right, thank you guys for your kickoff topic suggestions. Those were all really great.
So thank you, Internet. You helped save the show. All right, thank you to the folks there that I read.
Let's get into our gaming week, so specifically, what types of video games have you been passing the time with this week?
DarkSakura.
I played some Final Fantasy XIV, because I actually had a few minutes one night instead of doing everybody else's stuff that I still have other stuff to do.
Wow.
I've been checking up on my village at work during lunch, and that's really about all the time I've had.
I've just been way too tired when I come home and having to catch up on all the stuff that I thought I had an entire month to do.
Tumblr will take like three hours to catch up on. It's totally true, though.
That's not really what I'm catching up on. Tumblr is what I do in the 30 minutes I have when I'm trying to wind down.
Learning is exhausting. Expanding your brain is very difficult.
I think just getting your body back in the habit of going to work.
Well, I just want to be on my new schedule already, because it means I get to sleep in and stay up later, because that's my normal.
But because it takes so long to drive to work and back, I'm just completely worn out by the time I get home.
I haven't even been to the gym last week, but then again, I've still had this cough.
And thank heavens you won't be working Sunday nights, so you can still do OLR.
Oh, no. I had an arrangement made.
Oh, good.
Because we could trade our schedules. We had a day to trade schedules.
Oh, nice.
So I said, hey, and he raids. So I was like, hey, if I get Saturday off and you get a Sunday off, we can trade like that.
Got it.
But then it turned out he gets off in time to get home for a raid, and I have a weekend.
Yay!
So because I was like, dude, I know maintaining, and he's in whatever guild he's in is like their top ranked.
Oh, nice.
On their server. Like they are going for progression and getting firsts. They have a bunch of firsts.
Nice.
So I'll have to have him call in on Horde House one day.
That'd be fun.
He's a cool guy. But yeah, I know I did play something else, because I was trying to, oh, yeah, I was playing fractal to veg out,
because what happened is when I tried to move over all my saves from my old Steam install, and my fractal saves for some reason never showed up.
So I have to start over, which sucks, but oh well.
All right. If that's it, we'll go.
That really is.
That's fine. You've been busy. We've all been sick too, which is very funny. Well, not funny.
Jason, what have you been playing this week?
We've been sick.
Every time I laugh, I start coughing hysterically. It's awful.
As you just said, and as I said previously, between my obligations from work this week, like I knew were going to happen, and then the fact that I was completely out on Friday,
I started putting together the video for 536 last night, and my brain was just saying that it wasn't going to happen.
So I decided instead that I wanted to stop talking about making some progress on a game, and I wanted to finish it.
I sat down, and I beat Rogue Legacy, which means completing the final two bosses and story clearing the game.
I am now at the point that I'm new game plus-ing and can continue through with the Nioh versions, whatever the term is for the alternative form of the main bosses,
and then just stat whoring and continuing to gather new upgrades, which I'm perfectly fine with because Rogue likes and I love them.
That's pretty much it. Literally just about two to three hours last night.
Beating a game is a pretty good accomplishment. That's more than I usually do, so congrats.
My gaming week. Pretty much more of the same stuff like Final Fantasy XIV. It takes up a lot of my time.
I don't usually review games based off the demo, but I feel like this demo is big enough that I should mention that I did play the Final Fantasy XIII Lightning Returns demo,
because I was very curious to see where this is going.
No, because you can't use the Ares costume in the demo.
It comes with a new costume that I guess carries over to the game, but otherwise you have like six costumes you can switch between in the demo.
There is a point to the costume thing. That's what I learned.
There actually really is a point to that because the little twist on the battle system in Final Fantasy XIII Lightning Returns is that your party is lightning, lightning, and lightning.
That's your party. Basically you have three lightnings. I'm not making this up. You have lightning, lightning, and lightning.
It's just that you use this, I don't want to call it the dresh fear, but it sure feels like it to me.
You use the L1 and R1 to flip between the different lightnings that you have programmed.
So you might have like red mage lightning, dragoon lightning, and like paladin lightning or something in your party, and you can flip between them using L1 and R1.
And then you have like a meter that measures stamina, I guess.
So like you can use, let's say I flip to my warrior and then attack, attack, attack, attack, blitz, attack, attack.
Well then she runs out of stamina, so I have to flip really quick to my black mage.
Now fire, fire, fire, fire, blizzard, button mashing, those.
And while I'm playing as my black mage, my warrior is recovering stamina.
So it's like you play as one, run the stamina bar out, flip to another, run the stamina bar out, flip to another.
So it's an interesting little twist on the battle system. The demo is like really, really short. Really short.
It's like five random encounters, a boss fight, you're done.
And then, oh yeah, 25 minutes worth of cut scenes, because this is Final Fantasy 13 after all.
Because it's Final Fantasy we're talking about.
Yeah, especially Final Fantasy 13, right?
So they do try to push a little bit too of their more connected type of thing they're doing with Facebook and Twitter and kind of like an online thing.
Like you're supposed to be able to send like pictures and things online where people will be...
It's kind of like a Miiverse-style integration to me, except like items can be attached to the posts.
That's really what it felt like to me.
And you can put these posts on Facebook, because like I played through the demo twice, because it's so flipping short.
So the first time I played through it, and I figured out, oh, the boss is very vulnerable to blank.
I'm not going to spoil it for those of you who want to figure it out yourself.
But I figured that out.
So the second time I played the demo, I knew how to five-star that boss.
Because I was like, oh, if I pick up a blank from this guy, I can do nothing but blank and purposely being vague, try not to spoil.
But you'll figure it out when you play this demo.
So I was able to five-star the boss.
So I uploaded that to my Facebook, except I made it shared only post-privately.
But it's supposed to unlock something in the real game, because I did that.
So it's kind of interesting how it all ties in.
It sounds like they fixed Final Fantasy XIII's battle engine.
Just from what I was watching of...
From what I've seen of people playing Final Fantasy XIII, just the...
Yeah, you could stop the gauge early, but setting everything up in advance and really letting it just play itself...
I get the difficulty and especially the rating system, but if I take a backseat to gaming, I lose interest.
So it sounds like they did a fair amount of work to work around that.
Awesome Unicorn says, Rob, you get one costume for getting the demo and another for posting your battle score on the last boss to social media.
Make sure you do that.
See, I did that, but I didn't see anything unlock.
So now I'm worried I didn't really get it.
Even though I created my name and everything, and I think I did it.
Knowing me, I probably screwed it up.
Oh well, so there'll be one stupid costume I won't be able to equip in the game.
I mean, it sounds like there's going to be 5,000 costumes, so whatever.
That'll eventually just unlock for you anyways.
Right, right. Or I could pay 50 cents.
Thanks for your support! Everybody gets the costume! Yay!
Alright, so that was the demo.
Otherwise, I can't review the game, because I got to play...
Well, I can say I got to play 40 minutes of it, but really, 10 of it was playing.
30 of it was watching.
So anyways, to be continued, because I will pick up the full game later.
Minecraft. I don't know if I mentioned in Minecraft, I am playing on the Vaga Network server,
and I completed a project of mine this week, and that was I built a tunnel with an underground railroad
that connects my old house to my new house, or where my old house used to be when the server first started,
right under the giant orange on radio sign that somebody made.
There's now a secret passage that will connect to an underground railroad that goes all the way to my house.
The only thing I haven't figured out how to do yet is get the mine cart to work,
because I don't understand how the power and all that stuff works, and I'm still trying to learn that.
I know some of you Minecraft experts are probably sitting there going,
God, Rob, it's so easy, but I haven't figured that part out yet, so I'm still figuring that all out.
So I'm hoping by next week I'll actually get the mine cart that actually runs between the two.
And the cool thing is, I didn't use world edit to do it. I built it by hand.
I figured out my coordinates, and when I was building the tunnel, I figured out,
okay, here's the point I want to build to, and then here's how I'm going to connect it from the other side.
So that was actually a lot of fun. I was actually very rewarding.
And a friend on the VoG network server offered to use world edit to build the tunnel for me really fast,
and I was like, you know what, thank you, but no, because this is actually very therapeutic for me.
Like building this little three by three tunnel is like popping bubbles on bubble wrap or something.
It's very therapeutic to just sit there, mine, mine, mine. I see why people get sucked into Minecraft.
It's fucking bubble wrap.
Why do you think my house descends like 50 levels into the core of the planet?
Because I'm like, oh my god, I found lava! Where did this water come from?
Descending into the deepest, darkest nether regions.
Anyways, I actually downloaded, because it's been forever since I've used Minecraft,
I don't know if the auto-updater would even work correctly, but I actually downloaded an updated client,
and I don't think I asked Loki to add me to the whitelist, but I will check this out soon.
Even though he's had the baby, he popped on the web chat when I was finishing the railroad the other night,
he was trying to tell me how to fix my railroad, so he'll be on there once in a while.
I just haven't asked and considered what I already said about last week. There will be a chance I will do it.
I want to figure out how to build a ferris wheel.
I bet it's possible. You know what's funny is that everybody freaking loves railroads and minecarts in Minecraft,
which is fine, I understand, but it's really funny because when I built the underground one,
somebody actually built, or is building, an overground one, because I went out on my front lawn,
and I was like, hey, somebody put a minecart here, and it said, it had the guy's name,
I'm sorry, I forgot who it was, but it had the guy's name, and it said,
I'm building a connection between Rob's house and DarkSakura's house.
So somebody, yeah, without asking, is building a minecart race that gets from my house to your house.
That's kind of fun.
It's like our own, it's our light rail, it's our monorail.
We have minecart monorail.
Eff yeah, monorail.
Alright, quickly, what else do I want to say?
Oh, Brothers, A Tale of Two Sons, free on PlayStation Plus right now.
Check that out, and if you have PlayStation Plus, you really owe it to yourself to check out this game.
It's really a gorgeous game, and a very simple, yet great puzzle mechanic,
where you control each brother, one thumbstick is each brother,
so that can really kind of mess with your mind when one's on the left and one's on the right,
but it's the other way around, and then one button that does action,
and it feels like an old-school PC game.
It really, really feels like an old point-and-click type of game,
except it's just you're using thumbsticks, and the click is the R1 and L1.
So yeah, I love that. That's great.
Brothers, A Tale of Two Sons, check that out.
Queuing it up right now.
Ron Chan says that Underground Railroad is racist.
It is a railroad that is underground.
Should I flip?
Stop being all Tumblr, Ron Chan, seriously.
Should I flip it around? It's a railroad underground? All right.
It's a subway.
You know what? Yeah, it's a subway. There you go.
Fine, I'm building a subway. You know what I'll do?
I'm going to paint all the walls in rainbow colors, and it'll be the gay Underground Railroad.
You can't stop me.
Oh, that's awesome.
Yeah. Anyway.
Will you build one under my house, too?
SSG100Matt says instead of the Freedom Train, it's the Fabulous Train.
We'll see.
All right. Dungeon Buster's warning me. Be sure to have a box of Kleenex next to you.
I'm only probably about halfway through the game right now.
I hear it's short, but I don't know. I've been playing it for a couple hours,
and I'm probably only halfway through it.
But I'm also the type that would seriously like,
oh, there's a bench. I should go sit on it.
Check out the scenery. I spend way too much time in that Brothers game.
All right. Let's move on.
Let's get into some housekeeping.
Add us on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Also on Twitter. Twitter.com slash OLR.
We're also on Google Plus. Google.com slash Plus Orange Lounge Radio.
I already mentioned it earlier in the show, but Shane will be here next week.
That'll be a lot of fun, so tune in for that, our Puppy Bowl Sunday episode.
Also, I want to give a big congratulations to our friends over at Critical Myth,
which is another show you can hear on the Voice of the Geeks Network,
voggenetwork.com. They are hitting episode 400 this week.
They taped it over the weekend, and it's debuting for the live audience.
That's tomorrow, 4 o'clock Pacific, 7 o'clock Eastern.
For those of you guys listening to this on the podcast through Stitcher Radio
or iTunes Podcast or what have you, be sure to check that out
in Critical Myth's own podcast feed.
You can find all the links over at voggenetwork.com.
If you like nerdy, cult-type of TV shows, they talk about all of them.
They talk about all of them, and they do movies, too.
Fun show. Check that out.
By the way, speaking of shows, because it has to be said,
I finished season three of Sherlock.
Did you?
And I was like, ugh, the whole time.
And then Dan comes in while I'm at the end, he's like,
why didn't you wait for me?
Aww.
So he's been watching Sherlock today.
Aww. Alright, he's catching up.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news for this week,
and Jason's going to start us off tonight.
And Brothers has been purchased from the web.
Good job.
I just bought Universe Sandbox.
I saw something-
That Rageinator suggested.
That Rageinator suggested now.
What is Universe Sandbox about?
Colliding galaxies?
You're God. No.
Alrighty then. Sounds fun.
Yeah, you can change gravity and mess with planets and stuff, so.
Actually, the game I have to get,
because somebody alerted me to this on Twitter,
and I forgot who said it, so thank you,
and sorry I forgot who advised me of this,
but Sid Meier's Covert Action is on Good Old Games,
and I've got to get that,
because that is one of my favorite 90s games,
even though, yeah, Sid Meier, of course, did Civilization,
a lot of those great games.
Covert Action was kind of a game that even Sid Meier,
I think, doesn't like in retrospect,
but I loved it, and I played it all the time as a kid,
so I've got to get that this week.
So, since we're talking about buying games. Anyway.
Well, when I edit the show and come across it again,
I'll message you and make sure that you got it.
Alright, thank you. Thank you.
Over the last week to a week and a half,
there was a bit of a kerfuffle,
because Microsoft was reportedly paying Machinima,
and their affiliates that are part of their YouTube network,
extra rates for positive Xbox One reviews.
These were being indicated by a tag, XB1M13,
which apparently has been taken over
and used by a number of people,
much like Virgin Mary Grilled Cheese
and every other eBay hilarity product
that has ever crossed paths on the internet.
The going rate was that Microsoft was tacking on
for partners an additional $3 per 1,000 views.
For people who get, you know, at least five digits,
but more often at least 100,000 views or more,
yeah, that's pretty big.
It was seen as a bit controversial,
because the terms were considered
that it had to be a positive review.
There would be no payout if an individual gave
any kind of a negative critiquing review
against the console for its release.
I assume it extends to titles,
but we actually don't know that for certain.
A statement provided both by Machinima and Microsoft
was that this was a typical marketing partnership
to promote the Xbox One.
Microsoft bought ad space,
as one does on keywords and any other ad network,
and Microsoft also followed up again additionally to say,
Microsoft was not aware of individual contracts
Machinima had with their content providers
as part of this promotion,
and we did not provide any feedback on any of the videos.
We have asked Machinima not to post
any additional Xbox One content as part of this media buy,
and we have asked them to add disclaimers
to the videos that were part of the program,
indicating they were part of paid advertising.
This isn't a new thing.
A lot of people saw it as astroturfing,
the term technically is,
not that Microsoft is the underdog
by any stretch of the imagination,
but ad buys are very much a thing,
and with content networks going the traditional route
as they have to do in order to have enough content
under their wing to ensure a healthy surge of content,
this kind of thing, somebody pays
to be able to be featured as part of that incoming content.
I was really surprised at the amount of flack
that this whole thing got,
and the amount of shock that people were expressing
in the community.
It's not that I necessarily supported or whatever,
but it's one of those things where it's like,
didn't you all know that this was already going on?
Like, isn't this, I thought this was common knowledge.
I know we all use ad blockers,
but have we ever seen a YouTube ad before?
It's exactly the whole thing.
Is product placement a new concept?
I don't think so.
This is, well, yeah, American Idol's a great example.
A show I just watched last night,
which I'm sure a lot of you are following too
because it is the nerdy content,
King of the Nerds, new reality show, right?
Our friend, Asuka, is on that show, right?
Member of the O.L. Army, Nicole is on that show.
So I had to tune in to see how she did,
and I was very relieved at the episode.
Let me just put it that way.
I was at a sports bar last Thursday,
and that happened to be on one of the many TVs
that was playing.
Well, the reason why I bring up King of the Nerds
is because I just watched it last night,
so it was fresh in my mind.
They had a Radio Shack TARDIS
where they actually go in the little TARDIS.
It's really funny because the way they have it set up
is it actually does look like it's bigger on the inside.
It's really cute.
But they go in, and it's like, oh, gosh,
it's like all these great mechanical engineering things.
I'm a mechanical engineer,
and everything I could ever want is in here.
The whole thing was a frickin' ad for Radio Shack,
but I didn't feel like, oh, my God,
I'm so offended at this.
I feel like I'm being used.
Where is the disclaimer at the bottom of the screen
that Radio Shack sponsored this message?
How dare they?
No, I just accepted that,
oh, Radio Shack paid for this spot
because that's what they do now
because you all fast forward
through commercials on your TiVo.
Saw another TV show on Friday,
which has literally made this the whole point of the show.
Price is Right.
Oh, yeah?
First time I've seen that show in like six years.
Oh, God, what a great example, though.
Oh, my God.
Everybody's, you know,
they call out all these brands by name.
They have to for market price.
Ooh, what a great idea.
And you see all their logos and everything else at the end.
And everybody loves the Price is Right.
Oh, my gosh.
Everybody wants to win shit.
Yes, and every time they talk about the cars,
they describe the car.
It's beautiful four-wheel drive.
You know, they're talking about all this stuff.
The new Ford Fusion with stylish interior
and deluxe seats.
What a great, oh, my gosh.
And you'll have to pay taxes on it if you win.
But even in the gaming industry, you guys,
didn't you know that like positive reviews
can break embargo days
and, you know, certain big websites
pay for, you know, the exclusives first
and vice versa when it's positive.
Like this is not something new.
I hate to be rude, but y'all are being a bit naive.
I think where y'all went wrong,
and again, I'm in that mood where I'm just telling it
like it is tonight.
I don't really care.
You all thought Machinima was an independent thing.
That's the problem,
because Machinima brought on all these indie people
into their corporation that exists to make money.
I think you all feel like that trust
you thought you were going to get out of an indie
has been breached a little bit.
I kind of think that, feel free to correct me if I'm wrong,
feel free, live.vognetwork.com.
But I think that's what this boils down to.
You thought you were getting one thing,
you're really getting another.
Sorry about it.
And this actually,
we're actually going to revisit this topic
a little bit later tonight,
but it also ties into something we talked about last week,
which the point just completely slits.
Oh, when we were discussing the Wii U last week,
Dark Soccer brought up the point about the difference
between a startup company and an established company
with a reputation and product to protect.
You do something new, you get popular for it,
and you use it to grow.
You use it to balloon in reach and popularity
and everything else.
But then if you try it again and fail, what happens?
Unfortunately, probably bad things for your company.
So you hold on to what's working
just until you can find something new that works.
Kind of sucks to say,
but this is literally the cycle of business.
I don't, there are exceptions
because some people can reinvent themselves, Amazon.
But it doesn't always happen, Barnes and Noble.
I don't know.
There are exceptions, the devil is in the details,
but this is how it works.
You get popular for something
and then you either cling onto it for dear life,
much like Bobby covered just before us,
or you finish and close down your company,
which who wants to do that?
RageNator in chat at live.bognetwork.com says,
Skye, actually not everyone loves The Prices, right?
I don't, therefore your statement isn't valid.
You're a terrible one, Mr. Grinch.
Right?
Don't just kind of look at that comment and you're like, well...
There's so much happiness and cheering and applause.
Even the people that lose are still so happy.
I want to know how that's relevant.
What?
He's entitled to his opinion.
We did bring up The Prices, right?
It's fine.
No, I was...
All right.
MM2K says my favorite comment,
the best phrase in the entire English language.
I think you're right, Rob.
Thank you.
It's also Y-O-U apostrophe R-E.
Seconded.
I'll still allow it.
I'll still allow it.
All right.
Not Y-O-U-R.
Brad from Pod Culture says Rob gives no fucks.
Yeah.
I'm going to pay for my mouth tonight, but I just...
You're right.
I actually had one of those weeks and one of those weekends where it's like,
I don't give a fuck right now.
Your body and mind have already worked hard enough to overcome sickness tonight.
It's just...
Without getting too introspective here on our little podcast,
I'm learning in life that you really need to do the things that you enjoy.
And if there's something in your life that you don't enjoy so much
and you continue to do it,
you're going to start to associate a lot of the negative feelings with it.
You might start to feel trapped.
You might not to know like what the escape is.
And there's that like fear of like letting people down or whatever.
But the reason why I bring all that up,
doing this show over the past 12 years is one of those things
that gives me a lot of joy.
It really does.
And the fact that you all show up and listen to it,
you know, sure there's what,
50 of you guys in chat right now listening live.
You're still here to listen to what I have to say.
And I'm like flattered.
I'm honored.
And I get such a reward from doing it.
So thank you really.
And those of you who are listening on the podcast feed and everything,
thank you.
I do appreciate it.
Sorry, I didn't mean to get all deep on you,
but like I guess I kind of did because of that comment.
So let's see, where was I?
Because there was something else I was going to say.
And it had to do with the whole...
Oh, I wanted to say to be devil's advocate
because I don't want people thinking like I'm just
like kicking machinima while I have the opportunity or whatever.
I'm sure there's a variety of broadcasters on the network
who said, you know, if I don't have anything nice to say,
I'm not going to say it at all.
So I think there's probably people that maybe they don't agree with Xbox One
or maybe they don't like Xbox One for whatever reason
or, you know, they have a Sony related channel or whatever the thing is.
It's not like you had to do this.
This was not mandated.
Nobody forced somebody to do this.
But it was just like, hey, here's a product placement campaign
that you can participate in and get paid.
And, you know, there's a lot of people out there
that want to get paid.
And on the heels of YouTube,
there was actually yet another thing.
We covered content ID changes and all that kind of stuff in depth.
And there was even before that,
I remember some broadcasters that I follow
were talking about YouTube's changes,
Google's changes to YouTube notifications for new videos
and something like that that everybody noticed.
Like, I don't want to overstate this,
but they made it sound like at least a 10% and possibly more
just straight up drop off of views that they would expect to see.
Just one release to the next, just pfft.
And then with these broadcasters that put out one video away,
that's pretty damn obvious. Something changed.
And then they got the technical details, figured out what it was.
I don't have all of the details in front of me right now.
But it's like, you know, you take...
It's not that they take money anywhere they can get it,
but if somebody was going to...
And I hate to say this too,
but if somebody were gonna...
If one of these companies were going to give me money
to pay their consult, I would take it.
And that was a job I would have loved to have
for the better part of my life.
Still, not entirely sure about that,
but certainly for the majority of my life,
I would have, you know, done ORLAR like a full-time job.
I would have done this for many, many years of my life.
Would I have done it and, you know, the implicit,
done it for favors, done it for positive reviews?
No, that's not the intention.
I like gaming, so I'm gonna talk about what I like about it.
I've kvetched about things that I don't like with the Xbox One,
and it has some problems,
but the games look fucking astounding.
When I've been playing the games,
they have been incredible amounts of fun.
The controller feels right,
and for a company with three gaming consoles to their name,
to get it that right and continue to drill it in that well,
it means that I like the console, and I'm gonna say nice things about it.
How much did you get paid for that? $1.50?
I'm just kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
All right.
I'm sure some of you guys have feedback on this.
I know we've given some very blunt opinions that you may not agree with.
I welcome feedback as long as, you know, it's tactful.
Instead of, you know, I don't like emails that say,
fuck you, you fucking fuck.
But if you've got, you know, the opinions,
backed-up, thought-out statements, then I welcome them.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send those.
All right. Let's move on.
I've got the next story here.
And, you know, since, again, it's one of those nights,
I'm gonna tell y'all I think this story is absolute bullshit.
But it's something that people are talking about this week,
so I'm gonna bring it up anyway.
Running around the web this week that Nintendo has got a new system in the works.
Let me start out with this.
Of course Nintendo has a new system in the works.
Surprise goes to nobody.
Sony.
Because all systems are made in just the year before they come out.
Sony has a PlayStation 5 in the works.
Microsoft has a new system in the works.
Yes, already.
And the new Kinect.
These systems do not come out overnight.
We know this.
So, yes, Nintendo has a new system in the works.
But is it called the Nintendo Fusion?
Just like the Wii was called the Revolution.
Dolphin Wii U was the Revolution.
No, I had that right the first time, didn't I?
Code names are hard.
If this report from Nintendo News is to be believed,
then, yes, Nintendo is working on Nintendo Fusion.
Now, to be fair, this is an independently produced site,
and they even start off this article saying,
hey, if it's your first time here,
we have an impeccable reputation when it comes to delivering information.
Look, I understand.
They believe in this.
It's coming from their trusted source.
That's cool.
I'm not trying to shade this site because they believe in it.
I just think, no.
Because I think, A, they're basing it off a domain registration
because Nintendo registered NintendoFusion.com,
except that they actually purchased this domain back in 2003
because there used to be like a festival.
I guess Nintendo did a music festival back in the day that was called Nintendo Fusion.
I don't even remember that festival.
But, God, we would have been doing the show then,
so we would have heard about it.
But, yeah, it was a rock music video games festival that was in 2003.
But apparently, Fusion is a new console that is supposed to bring
a little bit more synergy between the Fusion DS
and what they're calling the Fusion Terminal.
And I'm not going to spout off all these specs here,
but it is just basically, as you would imagine,
it's a stronger DS and it's a stronger terminal
that I imagine is out there to compete with PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Do I believe Nintendo has something in the works
that is on the level of PlayStation 4 and Xbox One?
Yes, absolutely.
The big problem they're having with Wii U is that third-party developers
don't want to go the extra mile to do stuff for the Wii U game pad.
That takes development hours and so forth.
That's one of the big problems.
Even though the Wii U was supposed to be like an Xbox 360 for developing for,
you have to be able to think differently with the whole game pad.
It's not working out with the third parties.
Whether we like it or not,
the third parties don't feel like it's a worthy investment
because of what's being sold.
If a new Nintendo comes out,
it's going to be much more attractive to third-party developers
if their console is maybe just a slightly better PlayStation 4,
Xbox One type of thing,
where if somebody builds a PlayStation 4 game,
it's super easy to port that over to this Nintendo device.
And I think that's a little bit like, duh, that's coming as well.
But as far as these specific specs,
of course they're going to change before this console's actually out.
And I think it's a bit too easy to be able to say,
oh, they were right.
Yep, yep, it looks like the next Nintendo system,
it did fuse the DS and the base is a lot stronger.
This is like saying, I'm going to wake up tomorrow,
and the sky is going to be blue.
These are very safe bets, is what I'm saying.
These are all things that we're kind of expecting out of Nintendo.
I think the only way this goes wrong
is if Nintendo really comes out of left field and says,
hey, we've got this whole new way to play games that we believe in,
and we're going to take a risk one more time,
which is not outside the realm of possibility.
They took the risk with it with the Wii, and they won.
They took the risk with the Wii U, and so far they're losing.
So it would not be out of character for Nintendo to come out
and say we have a whole new way to play games.
This is crazy.
Nintendo's Fusion Tour has provided a little bit of a topic back,
but Nintendo's Fusion Tour has provided early exposure for then, 2003,
like you said, for then-developing bands
such as Evanescence, Story of the Year, My Chemical Romance,
Fall Out Boy, and Berlin, and Panic at the Disco.
Wow.
Wow! That's a killer fucking lineup.
I think Evanescence was a bit prominent quite a bit before that,
but my mental timeline with the rest of those bands, damn.
That was actually a pretty good grab.
And this does sound kind of familiar because they demoed games.
2003 bands Evanescence Cold, Revice, Finger Eleven, Cauterize.
Games that were featured, 1080-degree Avalanche, Madden NFL 2004.
Nintendo GameCube, it's not just a kid's machine.
F-Zero GX was debuted at 2003, was demoed at 2003 on Nintendo Fusion Tour.
Sonic Advance 2, Game Boy Advance, Donkey Kong Country, Game Boy Advance, 007 Night Fire,
Rogue Squadron 3, Rebel Strike, 2004 bands,
Story of the Year, My Chemical Romance, Lost Prophets, Letter Kills,
2005, Fall Out Boy, The Starting Line, Motion City Soundtrack,
Boys Night Out, Panic at the Disco.
You see a trend in these genres, of course, but at the same time,
these are pretty, like, this is not exactly anything to snuff out.
Is it outside the realm of possibility that maybe Nintendo's gonna bring this tour back?
I mean, I know that sounds like the crazy thought, but, I mean, what?
This festival would have happened two years into the GameCube's life
when GameCube needed more of a boost with that 20-something audience.
They are taking the tack of being their own media outlet.
By which I mean, Nintendo Direct.
And then, prior to the Wii U's release, they had the Nintendo,
I don't remember what the specific name for it was, but they had the Wii U media tour.
I went to that in Denver, where instead of, you know, like, advertising in the common areas,
they rented out Office Space, whatever venue they could get,
and they set up everything for people to play.
I had quite a bit of fun. I rather liked it.
The fact that Nintendo is being their own endpoint for all of this media
to do something like this again, that wouldn't surprise me in the least.
Just a couple comments from our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
Rama says, whether this rumor is true or not,
if the hardware isn't on par with the Xbox One or PlayStation 4, it will fail.
Kaijuto says, I think that Nintendo caters to kids.
That's their demo, and right now kids are into small gaming devices.
They don't get the console stuff like us adults do.
That's why the 3DS is doing so well.
But it's not like the Wii was 20 years ago.
That's the only issue I have with that comment is that, you know,
Nintendo did have great success with kids and adults with the Nintendo Wii,
and it's not like it was that long ago.
I don't know. That's the only thing I'm thinking.
I don't think we can write Nintendo off as a kids-only company
when they just are writing the wave of that success, you know?
They do the kids thing well, don't get me wrong.
2DS, I don't think any adult understands what the 2DS is for unless they have kids.
But the 2DS is a great kiddie device.
All right, anyhow, we could debate Nintendo all night once again,
but we're going to move on with more stories.
Yes, once again in the dark saga.
Well, this is a rumor that was going around,
and it was also perpetuated by the K-word.
Oh, the site that shall not be named?
Yeah, that GameStop in the US was going to be canceling Wii U pre-orders of Watch Dogs,
that the game was supposed to have been cancelled by Ubisoft.
Now, what actually came out is that a spokesperson for GameStop
actually heard from Ubisoft, and basically what the big problem is,
is that they actually had an error on their system that took out their pre-orders.
Three people that replied to the article that I found this on
actually said that they went out and had no trouble with their orders.
So, it's still there, but as we know, how the K likes to get on the bandwagon.
Well, I think it also says a lot that I think a lot of us look at a story like this and go,
it wouldn't really be that surprising.
Well, and also, an Italian gaming site called Witalia
said that the game was going to be out on everything but Wii U,
but maybe it's not getting a Europe release, maybe?
Who knows? It would be nice if Ubisoft would comment on this.
Well, it looks like that...
Yeah, Ubisoft actually just declined to comment, but it was a problem with GameStop.
See, when they declined to comment like that, I hate to give a K article that kind of clout,
but when Ubisoft declines to comment, that almost says more than a comment would.
That's the only thing, again, I'm not trying to freak out or get tinfoil hatty, I'm just saying.
Yeah, but it also could be that it's GameStop, and GameStop had already put out a statement or something or the other.
Alright, well, we'll see if they make an official comment or what happens with the game in the coming weeks.
They declined to comment because there's nothing to say yet.
The game's not out, there's nothing to talk about.
The comment, look forward to Watch Dogs on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Wii U this April.
I bet you anything they had employees going in, because guess what I just read online? Is that true?
Yeah, right?
And if it gets delayed?
Though it is a sad thing when employees have to hear it from the news before they hear it from work.
I think the Ubisoft comment, I would have expected, is exactly what I just said.
Look forward to Watch Dogs on all these consoles coming April, get your pre-order in now.
That would have been the comment that I would have said, oh, okay.
It's a nice comment. Absolutely.
But the fact that instead they chose to say no comment? That's where I go, hmm, that's all.
Next story!
Owners of Dead Rising 3 will have seen that they got a massive title update last week, clocking in at 13 gigs.
This is on top of the base install of Dead Rising 3 itself already being 19.9 gigs.
13 gigs?! Ain't nobody got bandwidth for that!
Not in some states of the US, for sure.
Dead Rising 3's base install is 20 gigs as is. Of course, with the Xbox 360, you don't have to install the whole thing before you play.
But this title update clocked in at 13 gigs, and it was suspected to be linked to DLC.
A couple days later, there was confirmation from Microsoft that the 13 gig update is in fact linked to Operation Broken Eagle.
The update also does incorporate some bug fixes, add-ins, additional smart glass features, so on and so forth.
The kicker is that Operation Broken Eagle, my assumption when I read the first two, the hint and the confirmation article,
was that, oh, it's required for everybody, it's compatibility DLC so that if somebody else buys it, you can still play with them in co-op.
Operation Broken Eagle is single-player DLC only.
So enjoy your diminished hard drive space and the fixes that incorporate 1% of it.
But that download is just gonna be there, chillin', and if you buy Operation Broken Eagle, great.
If not, well, you lose the space anyways.
Wow.
Yeah, that's a hefty one.
It's funny to think about this now, now that the Xbox One has a Blu-ray drive.
We're legit talking double-digit figures of capacity instead of a possible max of 9.7 gigs.
DVD 4.7, DVD 9, 9.7, Blu-ray 25 or 50 gigs, where the majority of it is sent to the hard drive.
We're dealing with some big shit now.
I just need to say, I'm really concerned about this, coupled with the whole net neutrality thing.
I'm really worried about the size of some of these patches, which makes sense and so forth,
because these are full HD games with really 1080 textures. This is gonna be big stuff, no matter what the game is.
4K is right around the corner, even though we know PlayStation 4 and I believe Xbox One as well, they're not gonna play 4K games.
They're not built to play 4K games. That'll be PlayStation 5 and Xbox 2 or whatever.
Because it can't get any more confusing with those frickin' console names.
It would be hilarious. The most hilarious name would be the Xbox 4, because it plays 4K.
So it'd be the Xbox 360, the Xbox One, and the Xbox Four.
Anyhow, I worry with this whole net neutrality thing. If Comcast is talking 300 gigabyte cap or whatever, that's not gonna be enough.
They're not moving at the rates they need to be. I don't know.
I do serious shit online, but while they don't enforce the cap, they still have the tools in there for me to see my usage.
I am always above 250, 300, whatever they've labeled it as.
We actually somehow end up below. Maybe I'm complaining too much, but then again, we just got the PlayStation 4, so we'll see.
But with all your MMOs and all of this Skype and broadcasting and all of this online interactivity you have, it is pretty surprising that you of all people would be on there.
It's not as much traffic as you think.
It's not like it's streaming the visual aspect of the game back and forth, sure. But you do a lot of it.
And then Skype and Twitch streaming and everything else at the same time, it adds up.
I mean, yeah, I'd send whole system backups, but whatever. Differential.
Anyways, one last note for people who did not know is that Operation Broken Eagle is the first of four DLC packs.
First one to come out, well, that much is obvious.
Operation Broken Eagle is the first. Buy the season pass, as everybody seems to love to do, and you will get three more as they get released over the year.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Launch Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase ANSWER.
Locopoco wants to make sure an important clarification gets out here, saying, well, the thing is, Capcom put DLC on the disc, people are pissed.
And now Capcom wants you to download the DLC and people are pissed. I think that the 13 gigs are a bit much.
Well, it sounds like you have to download it whether you're going to buy it or not. That's the problem, right?
Yeah, absolutely. This was a title update for the game itself, completely regardless of whether or not you buy the DLC.
It will happen as long as you have installed the game itself and booted up.
Well, let me do a quick story here about, since we're talking next, now we're saying next gen, except it's not really, now it's current gen.
This gen.
Along those same lines, when you asked Jamie what her best game of 2013 was, and she answered, I wanted to chime in and say, but there's still 11 more months to figure that out.
Fucking not 2013 anymore, right?
Jesus.
Alright, so anyway, this gen, or whatever you want to call the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One gen, is that, what is it, 8th generation of games? 9th?
I believe so.
Where the hell are we now? Whatever. Current games, big games. Resogun is a big game on the PlayStation 4.
Latia getting Resogun for free because of PlayStation Plus, although I'm sure some of you did, you know, who aren't into the monthly subscription thing or whatever, a yearly subscription, probably bought the game independently.
But a lot of people getting Resogun for free. So how's the Resogun developer gonna really make money? I mean, I know they get some from PlayStation, I'm sure, and they were funded.
But, Resogun developer is working on some DLC. Have you noticed, by the way, that the games they tend to give away on PlayStation Plus have DLC or have expansions coming, things that, you know, they'll get some money off of.
Like Borderlands 2, yes, the game is free, but it has-
4 DLC packs?
Oodles of DLC, yes.
Not to mention all of the 360 avatar enhancements and other customizations you can get.
Bioshock Infinite has an expansion, right? Not that- I'm not complaining, I'm just saying there is a science to this.
Give away the razor to sell the blades.
Ooh, very good comparison.
I've used that a number of times.
Yes you have, yes you have. Alright, anyway. So anyway, the Resogun developer, they did confirm in a Facebook post of all places, it was a very innocent reply on Facebook.
But now everybody's running with it, they are working on DLC for Resogun and an unannounced PlayStation 4 project.
So, could literally be anything.
So, yeah. But Resogun was a very popular online title, you know, for the launch of the PlayStation 4.
No surprise at all to hear that those guys are very busy.
So I look forward to seeing what the DLC will be and what their next project might be.
Hopefully it'll involve more particles flying everywhere!
Pew pew pew, explosions!
That was particle.
Particle man, particle man.
Aw, they might be giants. We love you.
Shaking my head. No.
Well, how about we go into some-
Shaking my head, shaking my head.
Meanie woman, meanie woman.
Doing the things that mean girls can.
I need to see that movie, you know.
Yes you do. Moving on!
Okay. So how about some legal news?
Since we've been in a legal stew already.
Haha, I went there.
So, a while back I mentioned about the Madden programmer, Robin Antonick, who sued EA and won like 4 million plus bucks because they used his code.
Well, apparently that whole decision was just reversed by US District Judge Charles Breyer of San Francisco.
And said, no you don't get it, and no you don't get the interest, and no.
So-
You get nothing! You leave! Good day, sir!
Yes. And so his lawyer says, girl no.
I actually said, the evidence showed that they used his source code without permission.
So yeah, they're gonna appeal.
So basically what they said is that the jurors had no basis for their consultation because they were never shown the game side by side, which is what's necessary for copyright infringement.
So they actually had no basis for their verdict.
So does this mean we're headed towards a Supreme Court showdown over Madden? Because that could be very interesting.
If they even decide to take it up.
But this could set a precedent for programming code.
I'll never forget when one of the Supreme Court judges referenced Mortal Kombat in one of his decisions.
And that was the whole Schwarzenegger ESA thing that happened here in California, right? Remember that?
I was like, wow, the Supreme Court knows what Mortal Kombat is. That's so weird.
Well, it's only 20-something years old. They're catching up. Slowly.
Yes, but the image you have of the Supreme Court is, with all due respect to our government, the image of the Supreme Court that we get is old fuddy duddies with wigs.
You know, and so to hear them talking about-
Hey, in some countries they still use wigs.
They should use wigs here, to be honest. But anyway.
See, now I've got this Monty Python thing running through my head with the two judges taking off their robes to reveal lingerie underneath and going off on a date.
Only at OLR could we turn a story about a lawsuit into wearing lingerie underneath your robes.
It was Monty Python sketch. Whatever.
If you referenced it. Alright.
For the record, by the way, I do have to make a little side note about Cool Job.
Oh, wait. Tangent on OLR? Get out.
When people at lunch start breaking out into Monty Python songs too, you know you're at a cool job. Just saying.
Alright, let's travel around the world and see what lingerie- I mean video games are coming out in a store near you.
I ain't showing, I ain't telling.
I don't know that I'm capable of reporting on this information.
Well at Fredericks they have this lacy red thing.
Starting in the US. Starting in the US. On January 28th, the whole heap and helping of everything, Broken Age Act 1 drops on Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS, Droid, and the Ouya.
Which is the first Ouya release of this year. Very good.
The Ouya gets a game.
Dragon Ball Z, Battle of Z. I think this is the first title of any particular status.
There have invariably been other smaller, small time releases that have landed just because they were finished and got published.
At any rate.
Also on the 28th, Dragon Ball Z, Battle of Z drops on PS3, PS Vita, and Xbox 360.
Recoil with a K drops for PC.
Tomb Raider Definitive Edition hits for the PS4 and Xbox One.
Getting that one.
December 20- Jesus Christ.
Increment everything by one Jason. Please.
January 29th, Recoil Liberator, Xbox Live Arcade. On the 30th, Octodad, Deadliest Catch, Windows, Mac, Linux.
Yeah, I was like, what's that?
Octodad?
Did you not, have you not played this?
No, I think about Octomom. I hate that name for her because she sounds like a Superman villain.
So Octodad released as, Octodad was a game, I don't know if it was basically supposed to be a demo or not at this point.
But Octodad was a game that was released, holy crap.
This looks weird.
Three months ago, where you control a dad in a family who's an octopus.
And you-
The hell am I looking at?
You're looking at Octodad.
He's carrying groceries.
He squirms around, it is entirely, it's not entirely mouse based.
You still use the keyboard to decide whether you-
He's wearing a suit.
Clasp things or let go of them.
If you're controlling him moving or controlling like extension, he's an octopus doing daily life tasks.
It is completely insane.
He's wearing a tie.
Yes.
And he has kids.
He has a wife and he has two kids.
Girl and a boy.
He is Octodad.
Are they Octopi too?
No.
They are all humans.
Except for Octodad.
They must be adopted.
Bobby Black Wolf says, I played Octodad at PAX East.
It was in the indie game Pavilion.
And as Joe and her mat says, yeah, I also played Octodad at PAX East.
So basically he's chicken boo.
Black Wolf says Octodad is basically an octopus trying to fool everyone into thinking he's human.
And the antagonist, the primary-
He was a disguise to look like human, guys.
The primary antagonist of the game is a sushi chef.
Who-
Taco is tasty.
Who intends to reveal Octodad to his family.
Wasn't that a scene in Monsters Inc?
Like wasn't the sushi-
There was a sushi chef that was the octopus.
Yes.
But you know what?
You know what?
Taco is tasty.
All right.
All I know is I'm getting this game for absolutely certain.
So good.
I want takoyaki now.
I just want a taco.
It came out at the same time.
Just don't go to Taco Bell and we'll be fine.
That's not food.
Exactly.
Exactly.
It came out like around the same time of these other ridiculously exaggerated control games,
Surgeon Simulator.
And it plays very similarly because there's no precision to speak of.
He is squirrelly, some might say inky and just loose.
So it controls like queue up.
It controls like shit.
But it's so much fun.
Tigerclaw gave us a link in the chatroom that you can play the original Octodad for free
at Octodadgame.com.
Yes.
And now this game has much more content in the same environments.
It's going to be very good.
Highly recommended.
Let's go to Japan and check out the releases there where you would expect to see the crazy
stuff like Octodad.
But no, that's not a release in Japan this week.
There are games that include octopuses that are a little bit different.
Settle down.
On the Playstation 3 this week, they get Diablo 3.
It comes out in Japan this week on the Playstation 3.
Also out.
Yeah, the console versions are pretty good.
So I'm sure there will be some people checking that out.
Also coming out on the Playstation 3 this week, Mobile Suit Gundam Extreme vs. Full Boost
because you can't have a week in gaming in Japan without a Gundam game.
Also, Rosen Maiden.
Ooh.
They're doing a Rosen Maiden game?
Apparently.
It's coming out this week.
Can you see?
You sure can.
Let me bring that up.
It's regular and limited edition, actually.
Oh, that's cool.
And trying to see.
There's no screenshots, sadly.
Just the box art.
Rosen Maiden is a story about dolls.
It's actually pretty good.
On the Xbox 360 this week in Japan?
Nothing.
On the Playstation Vita this week in Japan, however, Rosen Maiden is released there as well.
Maikai Senkai Disgaea 4 Return comes out as well this week on the Vita.
Ibikore plus Amagami comes out as well.
So a few games on the Vita this week on the 30th.
On the Wii U this week, the Wii U Fit Meter, the Balance Board and all that,
that all comes out on February 1st in Japan.
So you have that to look forward to.
Lastly, checking the 3DS, you have Toshintoshi.
Girls' Gift RPG comes out this week in Japan.
I've got to see what this is all about.
Girls' Gift RPG.
I've seen this before somewhere.
What in the hell is that screenshot?
These are like up.
This is not a G-rated game.
Tell me you're surprised.
Look at that. I can see her taint in that picture.
She's pointing at it.
Is she fucking a bug?
I don't know what she's doing. That is disgusting.
Of course, this is where everybody's like, I wish this wasn't a radio show.
Google this, I guess.
I'll put a link in our chat room there.
Maybe Jason can put it on the video. We'll see.
I don't know. That might get us banned from YouTube.
You know where I saw it was J-list.
Toshintoshi Girls' Gift RPG.
I don't want to know if she's pointing at her gift in that picture.
There you go, chatters.
Of course, on the app I'm in.
Oh, no, that's her leg.
The app that I'm using, it just pops up the image.
Oh, nice.
Wow, I just saw Cooch.
There's definitely a gift for some people.
Moving on.
Your gift goes squish.
It's a fleshy gift. Alright.
Lalalalala.
Not attractive.
So, on the 30th of January in the UK
is Octodad, Deadliest Catch.
And...
Rymdkapsel?
Rymdkapsel.
R-Y-M-D-K-A-P-S-E-L.
Something vaguely German.
Rymdkapsel.
On the 31st we have Loadout on PC,
Naruto Shippuden,
Ultimate Ninja Storm 3 Full Burst,
extra, extra names, more names added for business.
And then that's
Xbox 360 and PS3.
And then Tomb Raider Definitive Edition on PS4 and the X-Bone.
And that's it.
Do we need to start screen?
There's a game coming out called Ultimate Gay Fighter.
Really?
Well, it's one of those undated games listed down there.
For January in general.
Ultimate Gay Fighter.
Which means somebody said at one point it would be out in January.
It's not actually, probably.
I'm trying to see if there's actually anything on it and there's nothing here.
Maybe somebody added that as a troll.
Who knows.
Alright.
Let's move on. Just a couple more stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
It's me, isn't it?
It is you, Jason.
Xbox 3606 got released for Android
in the last...
Was it just this last week?
It's pretty recently.
And an article went up talking about
the Turnerization
of video games artistic legacy.
Basically, in short,
it's the fact that
Turner would buy up
cheaper properties and then
automatically colorize them
to the best of their
automatic ability
so that they have some additional
value that they can add
which led to very exaggerated
and unrealistic
color tones being applied to
certain things in the background or what have you.
For you younger folks that are listening
you may or may not be aware of this
so I'll just let the old man tell you for a minute
that back when cable was a lot newer
like in the 80s and late 80s
I remember when the Turner classic
movies came out
it was very controversial
because they would colorize the old movies.
And so yeah, that's what he's talking about.
He's talking about the Turnerization is that you colorized black and white movies
to make them look modern
and some people think
it's cool, some people hate it.
And for what it's worth, I'm staring at this screenshot of
It's a Wonderful Life
and we actually had a rotation
of Christmas movies, holiday movies
playing in the office
for around the holiday
around the Christmas week
and they were all
Christmas life and a Christmas story
and Die Hard randomly
I don't exactly know why
but a whole bunch of black and white movies
in black and white on rotation.
And when I read this article
I was like, yeah I get it
I know what it means to
for all intents and purposes port something like this
but now that I'm actually looking at the screenshot
of It's a Wonderful Life in color
it's actually a little bit weird
and this isn't the same thing as like
It's a neat comparison
I think it's a very neat question
to be asking, I like this article
a lot I gotta say because
when you look at a game like
Final Fantasy VI on iOS
it is kinda like, why did they do this?
The argument, I haven't even gotten to the point yet
Well I know why they did it
In the context of Final Fantasy VI
you look at comparative screenshots
of the original SNES version
and then you take the Android version
and all of the sprites, all of the characters
all of the enemies, all of the backgrounds
the overworld, everything
was meticulously crafted
to the limitations of the platform
every single
pixel counted
and we're talking about
what, 320 by 240?
that's not even
that's not even
100,000 pixels on screen assuming
that was even the resolution
we're talking tiny, tiny, tiny
that whole era of gaming, Game Boy, NES, SNES
that's like what a watch does for
resolution these days
seriously, the pebbles are actually a little bit better
than that, I think
until the
optical media generation
began to be polygons and objects
and depth of that kind of stuff
basically Playstation, Saturn, etc
back in the cartridge generation
small factor cartridge generation
everything, we just
covered this with Pokemon and towns
everything is so specifically meticulously
crafted to get all of the detail
possible in, you know
as much size as you can do
it's a fucking wonder that Resident Evil ever fit
onto an N64 cartridge with
voice acting and the characters
and everything else, but you're looking at these screenshots
of Final Fantasy 6
SNES and Android
and SNES is
for those of us that played it
familiar, and especially very definitive
of Square of the saga, of the era
but then you look at the Android version
and it's muddy
it's a little bit washed out
there's a little bit more vibrancy to it
but at the lack of
any single pixel discernible
detail that was, you know, making
the point that they were trying to convey
the water is a bit murkier
and calmer actually in this particular shot
it looks like, honest to god, it just looks like
I think there's a certain look they're going
for, but it looks like bad Photoshop
filter throughout the whole game
I mean, it's really what it looks like
and it's interesting, because this kind of thing
does not happen all the time
there's three different things that can happen
it can either be completely unchanged
like all of the Final Fantasy re-releases
on the Playstation, it can be
done for the sake of moving it
to another platform, a poor port
like we're making the point of Final Fantasy 6
and it's not a port
of an existing game, but Final Fantasy
4 DS was actually
really impressive in what they did with it
to still keep the motif of the
original game and bring the quality
up three generations
four generations, one of the two
but it's
it's interesting to try to consider
what the actual process was
of redoing all of these
assets because you can
on a different platform, not to mention you
have to, to fit just the technical
differences of resolution and everything between
the SNES and Android
but presumably because
you're just
doing it to make it look like it
was and slightly
better when you lose
you're basically
losing culture, you're losing
design, you're losing the point
of the reason that these
games were created in the first place
yeah I
think there's a lot of people reacting to Final Fantasy 6
like wow this is a cheap cash
grab cash in game, I'm not
pleased with this, because you know Final Fantasy 6
is kind of sacred text
to a lot of people, that is like the best video game
of all time to a lot of people
certainly the best in the Final Fantasy
series to many people
a friend of mine posted something
I don't know if it
he's the master
at lack of context yet stunningly
good timing
the greatest benefit of modern consoles
is their ability to emulate the old ones
so if this kind of
thing is as big of a turn off as it is
to you rightfully so
there's still the opportunity
to play the original version
if you don't have the original medium yeah it's gonna be
a little bit different but you can still
get so much of that specific detail back
she's saying that she still has
all the original consoles and the original carts
and everything to play this on
we just got plastic protectors for our games that were in the box
and one of the games in the box says Final Fantasy
quote 3 unquote
and you can find a way to do this kind of thing
and it is a shame that the
waters are a little bit muddied
it's
it's how the company
has decided to take the game forward
into this new era
literally two decades later
awesome unicorn in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com
says it's the same way that
Theatrhythm and the Kingdom Hearts browser game looks
they must have some artist at Square Enix
who just loves that style
and I'm saying this comment but I imagine
by some artist at Square Enix you mean
their outsourced vendor in China
just saying
Simpsons is animated by a studio in Korea
100% anymore
anyhow
let's move on one other
story here
because we're going to get into
we're going to get into what
Jason just talked about again a little bit later
but I want to quickly talk about this
a big announcement from SOE
Sony Online Entertainment
not to be confused with the folks
that are behind the Playstation 4
Sony's entertainment division
but
SOE does a lot of their online things
EverQuest, DC Universe Online
and so forth
well SOE is going to be doing
this all access plan
they've just announced this
and the all access plan will include
top tier membership level
in all SOE games
that includes EverQuest
EverQuest 2, DC Universe Online
Planetside 2, Vanguard
EverQuest Next
and EverQuest Next Landmark
and that will be one low monthly rate
of $14.99
there will be of course more savings
if you do 3, 6 or 12 months at a time
that's custom for most MMOs
this is kind of interesting that they're doing this one all access pass
now it probably should be noted
that I believe all these games are free to play anyway
so it's not
or they are now, they may not have always been
like EverQuest used to have a fee with it
and so on
and so did DC Universe for a short while
but they're all free to play now
so you're really paying this fee to have basically top level access
you know
which is going to be the extra perks
and inventory and character slots and so forth
that you would expect for all these games
so this is interesting that you have that one
excuse me, that one subscription fee there
so
ah yeah, it's going to happen
about April 2nd they say
any existing membership will be automatically
upgraded to the new plan
that's good news for people that might be paying separate fees
right now for top level access and say
EverQuest and EverQuest 2
and so forth, so pretty cool
so, alright
anyhow
let's take a moment to
travel back to when, you know, there was no
online entertainment
that was, that wasn't
you couldn't call in online
unless you had Sega Channel
that's how you had online
X-band, which was hilariously bad
only the rich kids had that stuff
not me, or if it was like the very
close to early 90s
you had AOL, you know
in DOS
so alright, here it is, your classic game
of the week
for all this fancy online
connectivity crap
you'll need it
go outside, DarkSocker's going to dive into
the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey
you should be playing this game, or you're
you're dumb and stuff
well, to keep up with my theme
of using games that have been represented
in Namco High, and I'm getting a little tired
of Namco games, this might be the last one
for now, I love you Namco
I love you Namco, but still, I've done a bunch
Dragon Spirit
it was
a 1987 scrolling
shooter game that was
released by Namco
it was very loud, sorry, we have a dragon shooting
fire over here, sorry about that
I'm not sure if I'm attached to it, but
no, I didn't have an intro for some reason
but it
was released by Atari Games in the US
and it runs on the Namco System 1 hardware
that was later ported
to the Amstrad CPC
Commodore Amiga, Commodore 64
DOS, Atari ST, X68000
the PC Engine and TurboGrafx
and the ZX Spectrum platforms
so basically
kind of the story is that there was
a
serpent demon named Zawel
that escaped its imprisonment after
a thousand years and kidnapped Princess
Alicia, so a soldier named
Amul has to
rescue her and destroy Zawel
oh, there's the intro
I just thought it was, it's really pretty, pretty epic
it's a dragon taking off
from a cliff, and the music
in the game is pretty good, I mean
oh
it takes
a minute to get into it, so
anyway, so basically
you have to, you can
collect up to 13 additional
powers, apart from what he comes
with which is breathing fire and dropping bombs
he turns into the blue dragon, by the way
I forgot to say that, cause anyone who turns into
a blue dragon and isn't in the game blue dragon
is pretty cool
so he can
burst flames, drop
bombs, which I guess would be
dragon poop, dragon poop has to be pretty flammable
and
Amul is pretty big when he's
just doing the flying through the screen
he takes two hits
before losing a life, and three in some
versions, the power-ups
give you extra heads that may double
or triple your firepower
but they also
increase your exposure, so while you
were stronger, you were also a bigger freaking
target, and
bless this game for doing that even though it made playing
it really freaking frustrating
so yeah, there were other releases
there was a sort of sequel on
the Famicom that came
out as Dragon Spirit the new legend
which was a port
that took place a generation after the
original game, there was an arcade
sequel called Dragon Saber that came out in 1990
that allowed for two player simultaneous
play, Dragon
Spirit was released on PC Engine
and TurboGrafx-16
and it was very close to the
arcade version
and the sound quality of that
I must say, since this is a game that I do own
it's really freaking good
and SSJ-100
Matt in chat says that I always thought those were Dragon
Vomit
yeah, because Dragon Vomit
is flammable and kills people
so
there was also
an emulated version that came
in the Namco Museum 50th Anniversary and
Namco Museum volume 5 for the Playstation
also
the PC Engine version
was added
to Nintendo Virtual Console in 2007
and on December 8th, 2009 the arcade
version came out as part of the Virtual
Console arcade in Japan
and on November 4th
2008 came out on Xbox 360
with the Namco Museum
Virtual Arcade
Playstation Network does have a release, it's a downloadable
game for PS3 and that's under Namco
Museum essentials
and as part of the Pac-Man 30th Anniversary
in 2010, Dragon Spirit
was released as part of Pac-Man's arcade
party, 30th Anniversary arcade machine
along with
Ms. Pac-Man and Galaga
and a bunch of other games
so there you have it, Dragon Spirit
and it's a really
fun little arcade shooter, it's just not
quite the
the usual thing one expects
yeah, I like this game
a lot, it's in that Namco
collection on Playstation 3 that's
got some neat games in it
I've played this a lot on there
I almost wonder if this partly didn't
inspire other
there's another game that
involved writing
I want to say it was Psychic Storm
but maybe not
but I honestly think
that this just added such a unique
feel
to a genre
that's been out for quite some time
and we don't maybe have as many shooting games like this
that survived, you know, anymore
we still get some of the Raiden games
but I would love to see a new
Dragon Spirit
there it is, your classic game of the week, Dragon Spirit
an arcade game
I'd like to add, actually, Dungeon Buster made a good point
that it had a health bar
which was pretty unusual for the time, but like I said
it was a two hit
you know, two hits you die
but that was your health bar
and a lot of life
alright, well, that is going to do it for the first half of our show
but we've got plenty more show to come
including the FUGO Question of the Week
talking about the Turnerization of Games
opinion piece, which website was that from?
BAV Club?
I just want to make sure they got credit
we're going to talk about
that big
that big name lawsuit
that everybody's talking about this week
we're going to get into that fuckery
it's such a sweet story, love
gross
I see what you did there
we also have your mails, FUs of the Week, your phone calls
when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio
right after this
welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio
where we are
having episode number 537
in progress for this
January the 26th of
2014
myself, DarkSakura, and voice of the show
Jason here with you guys tonight
not here tonight
Loki, if you missed our announcement
in part A, Loki and Mrs. Loki
welcomed Daniel Layton
their new son to the world
earlier this week
on Tuesday, so Loki will be off
until he decides he's ready to come back
which knowing Loki will probably be next week
but we won't hold him to it
he'll come back when he's ready
alright, we still got plenty of news to take care of
so let's get into it
some rapid fire news
Jason, if you wouldn't mind starting us off today
oh yeah, I guess I did a really good job of distracting myself
and not paying attention to the fact that I'm starting this
okay
following the discussion of Final Fantasy 6
on Android
Final Fantasy 6 on Android has a major freezing glitch
it was released last week to the Google Play Store
and the new version
comes with graphical improvements
yeah, we knew all that
spoilerific, maybe
possibly, but
to cut a long story short
and to obscure any of the details
the glitch
prevents gamers from completing the game
play if you want, it happens
it happens
man, I
I'm unfortunately kind of running out of my
knowledge with Final Fantasy 6
and I really don't want to give away any kind of a key
plot point
the game freezes in Thamassa
if you're there
and you don't want to have to redo the game
stop playing there
wait for an update to become available
update it, the problem will be fixed
Square Enix recently registered the
seeds of salvation in the US
as the
speculation continues to abound
the current theory
is that this is a
western localization for Dragon Quest
to be used
for, this trademark could be
the Nintendo 3DS remake of Dragon
Quest 7, or maybe even
for the suite of smartphone remakes
like the Unity powered Dragon Quest 8
Journey of the Cursed King
we'll see a trademark
a trademark may not go
anywhere, just like a patent or anything else
we'll see what they wind up doing with it when the game
becomes available
more hints towards a re-release
of Majora's Mask are being dropped from
Nintendo in A Link Between Worlds
director
Hiromasa Shikata has teased
in an interview with Game Informer
that the remake could be
coming because having
Majora's Mask in Link's house was a
special request from Aonuma's
production team
now why would they ask us to do
that?
well we'll just have to wait and see
and this can't possibly be a surprise
hello Ocarina of Time 3D
it's a matter of getting the game
to look correctly and since
I missed it the first time around I am very much looking
forward to playing Majora's Mask 3DS
on the 3DS
if it happens
if it happens
gee let's think about this
something that finally happened
after months and months and months and months
and months and months of waiting is that
Blizzard made Hearthstone
in open beta
I installed it and didn't play it
wrong company
after pretty much everybody
who wanted to play the beta was already in the
closed beta Blizzard finally
opened the super special secret club
of people playing Hearthstone namely everybody
to the world
so yeah
Blizzard has opened up
Hearthstone Heroes of Warcraft so for whatever reason
you just forgot you wanted to play it at some point
you can actually download that and
check that out fun
it's only available however in North America
right now so when will the game
officially launch knowing
Blizzard it will probably be in 2017
I didn't know Blizzard and Valve
were so similar Blizzard
does things soon
which again
I just don't care tonight so I'm just gonna tell you
big reason I cancelled my
World of Warcraft account is because that expansion
is not happening in the next few months
there is gonna be nothing to do in
World of Warcraft for about six months until that
expansion gets here no no no no
rep rep grinding Rob rep grinding
oh yay and the
raids that aren't really that much fun anymore
but anyway I digress
didn't mean to turn it into a
hate fest I don't hate
hate is a strong word it's just
Warcraft
and I are seeing other people right now that's all it is
you're seeing other MMOs
that's right moving on
I did not realize
this was a Steam feature
I'm using my little quotey hands feature
because I've never preordered a game on
Steam but apparently if you were to preorder a
game on Steam you would
actually have to contact customer support to cancel
that preorder you couldn't just like click a
button that's like wait never mind or cancel
well
no more will you have to do that as the
refund an item button is now
displayed on Steam so if you wish
to cancel a preorder
you can do so just as easily
as you can place the preorder
which I always thought was the way it should be
but whatever
so there you go well now it is hooray
hooray one thing
that I'm sure many of you didn't order
because this would cost a lot of money
I think this actually ended up going for over
$90,000 it was a copy
of the super rare
Nintendo World Championship
NES cartridge
and this cartridge really looked like shit
there's no other way to put it but this thing looked like it had been in
a dumpster somebody had scratched
the label off and written in a
Bic pen Mario
because I guess
the first game in Nintendo World Championship
was Mario you can tell like mom or dad
did this it's Mario
but anyway so it was found and
there's only 116 of these cartridges
in the world so they always
go for a crap ton of money even when they
look like such garbage like this
game did on the outside it's
a pearl on the inside because it's
a very rare little tournament game
so yeah
let me see if I can find the final amount
right now here on eBay oh it went for
$99,902
I want to know who paid that you know what do you want to bet
they're not going to it was just a troll bid
it was probably 4chan that placed that bid let's be honest
alright
there you go
Dark Sakura sorry the moment you
pass it over to me and my lungs
protest alright
yeah yeah
well
there is something that was and I
was very impressed by this when I
saw it today in my browsing
is that there is
going to be a preview for Castlevania
Lords of Shadow 2
but this is specifically going to happen
in Australia
and the reason being
is that it's also a blood drive
so if you are in Sydney
on Thursday the 30th
from 5 o'clock onward
if you go to the Elizabeth Street donor center
at 20 Elizabeth Street
you can not only play Castlevania
Lords of Shadow 2 you could possibly
save up to 3 lives
for every pint of blood you can it's usable
by up to 3 people
so eat a lot of spinach
and you know steak that morning
and make sure you pass your
hematocrit and give blood
and let us know how the game is
does Australia allow the gays to donate blood?
I don't know
I don't live there
I think that's stupid
it is stupid
well in other news
there is something showing up on the Wii U
Virtual Console this week and that
is Mighty Bomb Jack
the NES game
also known as the scourge of Game Center CX
GX? CX
whatever
well basically you just use bombs as a weapon
and you jump and look for treasure and do stuff
so hooray it's 5 bucks
which is about what you'd pay
for it at the flea market
and then
I want
dammit Rob why do you link me stuff
because when it
says these two magic words I automatically
know oh this is a story Jamie wants to see
there is a mod
for the Starbound beta
that has elements
from Mass Effect
so now it's
Starbound Mass Effect edition
and it is officially my favorite
mod on the Citadel
just saying
but it actually
adds in the
Biotics so you can
lift and
slow down things and I guess
singularities and what not
and it converts your ship to the Normandy
to the original SR1
from the first Mass Effect
so you have all kinds of different
races showing up there
and you just need to use the
Kawa's Xbox
mode character creator
and the simple extend the character creation
mod and the stuff is up on
the Starbound forums so let me know
if it works
I may or may not be trying this tomorrow
hahaha
alright
uh
dar2 is in our chat room saying I thought the
Mass Effect fans on OLR would like that yeah I saw that
too and I said very yes
was my response
alright let's go to
the Foogle question of the week
you take Facebook, you take Google Plus and you slam those
words together and you get what we call
Boogle
as I promised this week's
question on Foogle relates
to the Turnerization of video games
article that Jason
read earlier from ABClub.com
so we decided we would ask our
listeners what do you
think about remaking classic games
do you think it's a good thing for the classic
games or would classic games be better
left untouched and resources
spent on new games
I'm going to read just a few of these answers from Facebook
so I'm going to tell you guys please go check out
facebook.com slash orange launch radio to read all
of the answers on the show but I'm so happy
to see Princess Irene answering
the question this week our good old friend
Princess Irene is back and she said
so succinctly in her very Irene
style her reply is
it's total bullshit
which I can't do in her voice because I haven't heard her voice
in years
it's total bullshit is what Irene said
about remaking classic
games
Daniel S says they can
remake games all they want it won't take
away from what they made long ago
I just wish devs would pay more
attention to the consoles they're porting to
that and support the game post
launch stupid Chrono Trigger
IOS port is stupid
I vaguely remember there being some
series of bugs or just like
the selection or something
I forgot there was a Chrono Trigger port
I'm pretty sure we covered it
I stopped downloading those IOS remakes
I just stopped, I couldn't
I threw up my hands and said I can't
and that was it
Moving on to Awesome Unicorn who says
I support remakes and reimaginings that offer significant changes
or improvements over the original
a la the Final Fantasy 4 DS remake
or the Lufia 2 DS reimagining
Mobile ports of Final Fantasy 5 and 6
just feel like they've been changed simply so new artists
can list the games on their resumes
Want to put a significant work into
improving the graphics and gameplay experiences?
Please feel free to do so
Want to make a quick buck? Save yourself the time and effort
put your game on Virtual Console or Playstation
Network and start working on something else
I like it, that's an order
Our good pal Jeremy
from Koopa Club answers the question
and says remaking a classic game is totally fine
if done correctly
A good Square Enix example
is the DS remake of Final Fantasy 4
or Dragon Quest 5
Pretty much everybody is making exactly the same point I did
The Final Fantasy 4 DS remake
is absurdly good
Which really started with the 3 remake
and I think a lot of us were hoping
I think a lot of us were hoping
for that with 6
and then we get this
and we're like cash in
Ziba replies
and says I love remakes
especially ones remade for
IOS because I get to play them on the go
SSJ100Matt
says when a game is remade
for the right reasons and the right way
it can be great
When it's used as a quick, half-assed cash grab
then it only hurts the legacy and image that game once had
A great way to remake a game
is with the help of the community
Chrono Trigger resurrection
had a lot of promise
made by fans and independent people
wanting to share the favorite game with a new generation
Sadly it was stopped
before it could be finished
Well because they were going to do that IOS port
that we all forgot about
My friend Shane
who's going to be here next week says
I think it's okay to remake a game if it's stupidly
hard to get your hands on a copy
and you've already given up hope of a straight up port
coming to some device
Something like C code in 2 or whatever could benefit
from such a practice
The graphics was super dumb to do though
It's already on a lot of different platforms
and they made it look worse with odd script changes
So bad
I'm hearing all of that in Shane's voice
So bad
Gamergirl says
I don't see anything wrong with redoing some games
because it gives people who haven't played the original
nor can they find them a chance to play
Looking at a few of the answers
from Google Plus
Let's see
ActDeft gave us a haiku
version, we love haikus
Remakes are okay
but if the devs are lazy
the port will be bad
Flaco Jones
Remakes are okay
No it's fine
Don't make me police the police
Flaco Jones says
I'm fine with remakes but I think the original
version should be bundled in there
as well so the classic game can still be
experienced and appreciated
That's a good way of doing it
I like that idea
AJ Twist lastly on Google Plus says
Remakes are good as long as there are
no significant changes that change the
gameplay or story. Changes to the story
that make it better to understand are always
welcome in my opinion. I think some
remakes should include an original port
so we can better appreciate the new and
old versions. Kids need a reason
to play some classics
Flaco Jones answer is actually pretty interesting
because Cave Story has really epitomized
this. It doesn't
exactly have the lifetime and the multiple
generation. It doesn't span
multiple generations to see what's gonna happen
but Cave Story started
as and still is an indie title
but its groundswell has just continued
to grow and grow and grow over the last
I don't even know when it
originally came out. I want to say two years now
I want to say 2012
but there's like three different versions of the game
There is the original pixel
art and very crude
synthesized music
and then they kind of refined it
and upgraded it and made it look
less blocky but still
a motif of that style
Yep
They improved
everything, made it, added yet
another depth of detail, gave it more
style, improved the soundtrack and really brought it
up and apparently there's
even a third tier where the music
I've heard the music, it's more
it's more full production
fully featured production instead of
like little synthesized
designs and then
the graphics are
fully fleshed out
but still kept
in a blocky style
Three
very distinct styles
in two years is pretty crazy
but every version lets you select
from any combination of them
both independently graphics and sound
Alright
Those were some of the answers from Facebook and Google Plus
I read about half of them tonight just for time's
sake to keep things moving so I'm sorry I didn't read all
the answers, thank you to everybody that took the
time to answer and I encourage all of our listeners
to read what people had to say over
at facebook.com slash orange launch radio
and google.com slash plus orange launch radio
Alright, let's travel on
with some more news
Loki
Loki
Sorry, I'm so used to seeing it
on the show roll
Alright, not Loki
Loki imposter
Bigger beard Loki
As spotted on
LinkedIn from the profile of
Rob Stokes, the senior level designer at
Harmonix
an unannounced Kinect game
for the Xbox One has allegedly
been cancelled. In mid-2012
Harmonix originally announced that they had
several projects in the works that were not related
to Rock Band or Dance Central
or Fantasia Music Evolved
but no further details
were given on any of these outside
of a spotted job listing looking for a
combat designer in 2012
to be used for next generation
hardware. Last year
Harmonix stopped dropping
DLC weekly for Rock Band
and went through two waves of
layoffs. The only comments
provided when asked about
changes to their upcoming lineup were
responsible for the highest rated Kinect titles
for Xbox 360 with our Dance Central
franchise and we're very excited
by the possibilities of the new motion sensing
technology for Xbox One. Right now
our Kinect development is focused on the already
announced Disney Fantasia Music Evolved
a title which we believe further innovates
in both the motion gaming and music space
Nothing else to confirm today other than
a heads up that we've got a lot of stuff happening
that you'll hear about soon
and by soon they probably mean
six months from now at E3, five months
from now
An unknown game gets canned
Well rest in peace
game we never knew you
I mean but
I don't know I
I'd hate to be all like doom and gloom but I kind of
worry about Harmonix like you know the Rock Band
bubble kind of burst we haven't really
seen a lot from them lately I know there's this
Fantasia thing which is gonna be a big deal but it's
it's still not here and now they're canceling
projects we've heard about layoffs like
and it's not like Harmonix
makes a bunch of stinkers it's just like you know
the Rock Band bubble kind of burst like
They don't
They don't make a bunch of
stinkers but I don't think they get the critical acclaim
like we would all hope that we would
all prefer that they did
Let's be honest frequency and amplitude were amazing
games they weren't exactly the
biggest sellers
But Rock Band was huge
Rock Band was an absolute run away
And Activision really screwed that whole
thing up but anyway it's neither here nor there
Yeah
Well good luck with whatever Harmonix
is working on maybe they'll be able to
blow us away at the next E3
We love you Harmonix and we look forward to seeing everything you do
for now and
as long as you continue to be able to do it
Which we hope is a very long time
I somehow doubt that Harmonix's
next game would be called Music Saga
Because
Thank you
I'm bowing
Because as I'm sure many of you have heard this week
King
Is it king.com or king? I guess they're
king and they're located at king.com but anyway
This company, you know what they're Zinga2
I'm gonna call them Zinga2
Because that's what they are to me Zinga2
Has decided to
Trademark the word candy
They now
And they got it
So they basically own the trademark on the word candy
When it comes to video games I mean if you want to sell
Candy in the grocery store that's one thing but you will make a
Video game with the word candy in it that's another
And by the way they also
Got the word saga
So if you want to make a game with the name
Saga in it you will have to
Answer to king
The makers of the banner saga learned in this the hard way
When king sent them a cease and desist
In king's defense
King came out and said well
We're not really like we really
We don't really think the banner saga is like
Trying to infringe on our trademark
We have to do this because if we don't
Defend it then people are gonna come
Along and you know
Will lose the trademark and then people
Will try to make their you know
Clone games
And to be fair
On the iOS marketplace and the Google
Android play market
There's a lot of shitty clones
To try to ride the success of these games
But where do we draw the line people?
I've even seen those at 3am shitty advertising too
And you all
I know you're all sitting there expecting me to say
LOL
Square Enix, Saga Frontier
LOL, 7th Saga
LOL, Candy was a song
In DDR, etc, etc
I mean yeah I mean it's
Ridiculous that they own the trademark on
Those words because
Especially in the case of Saga
There's so many other games
That have nothing to do
With a game that was ripped off
Fucking bejeweled in the first place
Again I'm just keeping it real tonight
It's a little silly that when their game is a rip
Off in the first place they get the
Right to these words
I think I
I played Candy Crush
A little bit I couldn't even tell you how much
I'm pretty sure I thought it was a
Zynga game and I stopped
Only for
Not only for lack of interest but also in the
The great Zynga
But
Not petition
Boycott?
Thank you the great Zynga boycott of 2013
And the previous fucking 3 years
2 anyways
The thing about
Them saying that they have to go through
Due process and they don't actually want it to happen
Is that it doesn't work out that way
Either they
Either the
The person they charge follows the cease and desist
And makes a name change or
Cans the project out right
Or the person they charge with it rebukes
And King loses the
Trademark
Only if they
Only if the
Party doesn't like
Countersue or whatever the appropriate
Motion is will the whole
Process just get settled and dropped
But if anybody balks at this
They're gonna lose the trademark
That's what happens
They shouldn't have been given this trademark in the first place
Oh absolutely, everything else about this
Is fucking absurd
They should have been given the trademark for
Candy Crush Saga
Because Candy hasn't
Existed for I don't even know
How many decades
Candy Land
How does
Who owns the Milton Bradley suite now
God they've all changed hands so many times
Somebody should have a yell it out
Is it Hasbro?
They have every right
To make the game Candy Land
As a pour on iPhone
If they want
I fucking double dog dare King
To go sue the makers of Candy Land
Yep
And then it'll throw the whole thing
Honestly what I would like to see happen
Is Milton Bradley
Or whatever holdings
Go after them
Just to prove a point I would love to see that
Hasbro you were correct
I would love to see them prove a point
Just to go bitch please
Um
You know it's
Weird though because in a roundabout way
It's actually given a lot of additional exposure
For Banner Saga which is um you know
That's a good thing for them
But yeah it's just so ridiculous
Like those people that are working hard
Making the Banner Saga they should not have to deal
With this fuckery
That's the real problem it's a waste
Of resources
This is not their fucking problem
It's really gross
That they're having to even deal with this
The only silver lining is that the entire
Internet community backs them
And so it's a great amount of exposure
For their game at least take solace
In that a lot of people heard about Banner Saga
That wouldn't have heard about it otherwise
Let's be real
So that's the positive
So what are they going to change it to like Banner story or
But here's the other problem with
Zynga 2
Is just like the mother ship Zynga
They have a history of fucking copying
Games
Candy Crush Saga is a copy of
Jewel Quest
Which in turn is a copy of Bejeweled
So yet they want to prevent
Other people doing what they did
Anyway in my opinion
Allegedly just throwing those words out there
Just in case
But it is on record that King
Supposedly
Copied another game
And they called it Pack-a-void
They tried to go after another developer
Back in 2009 because they wanted to
Basically buy their game and put it out
But King put out a statement this week
Because you know Reddit's going to find it
4chan and all the internet community people
They're going to find it and they're going to bring it to light
There'll be a NeoGaf post and then everybody goes
Yeah take them down, take them down, show King
Stick it to the man and so forth
And that's exactly what happened is that it came out
This developer said hey King tried to buy my game
In 2009 then they just copied it
And put out Pack-a-void instead
So King had to put out a statement
King does not clone other people's games
King believes that IP
Both our own IP and that of others
Is important and should be properly protected
Like any prudent company we take all appropriate steps
To protect our IP in a sensible and fair way
At the same time we are respectful
Of the rights and IP of other developers
Sorry just letting that comment sink in for a minute
Before we launch any game
We do a thorough search of other games
In the marketplace as well as review of
Trademark filings to ensure that we are not
Infringing anyone else's IP
However for the avoidance of doubt in this case
The game which was coded by a third party
Developer five years ago has
Been taken down
Let's see I believe
What happened is that
The developer who made this
Clone actually
Came out and said yeah
King kind of hired me
To do this and I had to do it quickly
And I had to get it out before the
Original game Scamper Ghost was set to be
Released essentially
So
What happened is that they came out and said
King contracted the third party
To make the game he made it at their
Request to their specifications so King is
Responsible I'm fairly certain 99%
Of people everyone except King
Would agree that Pack Avoid is a clone
Of Scamper Ghost and that was a statement
From Matthew Cox
Who was the developer who
Made Scamper Ghost
Essentially so
I mean it's
Ridiculous that they were given this trademark in the first
Place
The old laws are not
Working when it comes to intellectual property
In this country I'm gonna say
In this country a bunch of the laws aren't
Working when it comes to anything
Well seriously I think
Well at least we're not in an all out full blown
War I mean there are some things that are
Working but you're right there's a lot of
Fucked up shit period
There's a lot of broken things that need to just be completely
Thrown out and revamped
No one wants to
Alright
Ah
There you go
I think we all agree it's
Fuckery does anyone want to try
To take the devil's advocate position even if I'm having a hard
Time in this circumstance I mean
I understand there is a lot of clones
There's a lot of people and there's some guy that
Spoke out that made
A game and get a load of this name
What was the guy
He made a game call and he's been contacted
By King's legal team the creator of
Quote all candy casino
Slots jewel craze connect
Big blast mania land
Yeah that's not SEO bait
Look girl
You're the reason why
Zynga 2 has
This leverage
To be like those types
Of games are the reason why even though
A slot machine game may have nothing to do
With candy although I'm surprised candy crush
Saga is not you know rip that off too
But
Like you know even though the the slot
Machine game may be kind of different let's
Be real that name is
Fuck you're fucking baiting people with that name
That's why they got that trademark
Is because of you
Just think about that for a minute
I guess that's as far as the devil's advocate
Position I can go
Let's move on let's do something happy
I need happy news dark soccer give me some happy news
Happy is like me I don't have any
Oh yeah I do have happy
Well you know we talked about Ubisoft in
Part A well how about some more
Ubisoft news
They are going to be adding
Roughly a hundred
Jobs for their Quebec
City studio
They're planning on investing
25 million and
About 460,000
Of that is from the government of Quebec
That's going to strengthen
The company's infrastructure
So they
Are they already have about
360 employees and they're going to be
Bringing on about another hundred so
Yay for boosting
Canada's job market
Because they've been hit hard too
Right yeah so I
Just think when we have a story about that there's jobs
Being added as opposed to taken away that's a good thing
That's good news
Like hearing that so congrats
To Ubisoft that means things are going well over there
Indeed
And you know I
I honestly hope to see
I mean clearly Ubisoft
Is running kind of you know
Strongly right now so I'd like to see what
You know the spells for the future
I'd like to see you try to say you don't have the resources
To port things to Wii U
Yeah
Oh burn
Had to
Alright Jason what do you got
Minecraft's sales have exceeded
One million in just
A month
It's first month of life on the PS3
Um
Since its release
As an overall recap since its release
Eleven million units of the PC version
Have been sold as of last June
So even that figure is
Probably pretty grossly out of date
At this point
The Xbox 360 version has another
Ten million sales
Ten million players which I think
Is a bit of a misnomer
Attached to sales but at any rate
The Xbox 360 version has another
Ten million players
Has another ten million
Players joining that number
There's a lot of people that own both or all three
Like I own the 360 version and the PC version
But Notch still says that it ain't gonna make it
To the Wii U
So we continue to cry
But eleven plus ten plus one and invariably
I would throw out very
Like another four million or something like that
Just PC sales alone
Not half bad for the
For the survival
Blocky create everything
Yourself kind of adventure
I'm looking forward to seeing those crisp
Graphics on the Playstation 4 when that
Version is released
Pixel art like you wouldn't believe
It'll look exactly the same
Of course that was a joke
Well I would imagine some of those limitations
When it comes to you know the space you have to work with
And so forth like that's gonna change but
I was reading something I don't know if this
Translates to the console versions
I'll save I need I wanna
Read more about it I'll save it till the end of the show
Okay good sales for the PS3
It's gonna be a powerful source again
Powerful force against the PC and Xbox as well
Ummm
You think it's not
Gonna jump up to the double digit millions?
Oh on the Playstation 3 and 4
The only reason it wouldn't is because
I think most people that are interested in it
Have already bought it on PC or Xbox 360
But I mean don't
Underestimate what a huge flipping game
Minecraft is I am always surprised
I think I talked about this in a prior week but I overheard
One of my co-workers talking
Like you know the middle-aged
Ladies that I work with one of them was talking about how
She was playing Minecraft got addicted to it over the holiday
And like not the type of gal
I usually expect to be playing video games when I heard
She was playing Minecraft I was kinda like that's kinda rad
She was talking about the creepers and you know
Trying to dodge and she's like you gotta build houses
I was explaining it to another person you gotta build these houses
And stay away I was
You know this game is huge
I was actually gonna wear a different shirt tonight
But the fact that I had this on
Is pretty coincidental
Two three weeks ago
I was at Wells Fargo
And the lady that I was working with
Asked me about my shirt
I'm wearing
If anybody has checked out the
GitHub shop I'm not gonna go too crazy with it
But GitHub has a bunch of themed shirts
The shirt that I'm wearing right now
Is a pixel art version
Of the Octocat
The GitHub mascot and it's in a
8-bit pixelated version
And so the person that I'm working with
Sees this and she's asking me
If it's Minecraft and I had to kinda
I had to kinda dance around the issue
Because I was like
It's that kind of a style
It doesn't have anything to do with Minecraft
But they were both inspired from the same thing
And you know
Of all of the things that
8-bit would mean something to someone
The fact that Minecraft
Can kind of be that common
Thread of understanding
Is reasonably interesting
And to notch
And to notch's credit
It is very
Obvious, very definitive
And it is very well done
When you're seeing Minecraft stuff at Walmart
Yeah right?
Yeah
That says a lot right there
Well I don't go to Walmart
But that's the course that Angry Birds took
So yes, I agree with that statement completely
I don't like to give them my business
But I was there helping Becky
Find stuff for her son for Christmas
That's fair
I ended up there too for something
It was the one place in town
That supposedly had a Playstation 4 camera
Because I've been trying to get that one
Oh my god, it is impossible
Sorry for the tangent train
It is fucking impossible to find a Playstation 4 camera
They are all gone
I was on a tip
On Twitter, I went to Fries.com
To order a
Playstation camera which they said would ship
January 26th
And I was like, alright, I'll wait the week, whatever
So I placed the order, you know, 70 bucks or whatever
New update, 2015
No, I get an email, we're sorry
We're not going to be able to ship on the day
We'll hold your pre-order if you want to cancel
Call such and such a number
I was kind of irritated
Why did you advertise something you knew you couldn't
Uphold?
I was a little irritated at that
Anyhow
I mean, I don't need it
I want it for broadcasting
That would be fun and doing other things
But it's not changing my opinion
It's a little frustrating
They're so flipping hard to find
Anyhow, let's talk about something that will be
Maybe a little easier to find
When it comes out
Sanity?
Sanity 2? This game is
Slightly punishing
Some people see it as, you know, it's like
The Dark Souls of 2D platformers
But anyhow
They first announced the
Sequel for WiiWare and PC
And now they're going to raise
$200,000 to try to get this
It looks like it will probably, actually I'm kind of
Curious where they're at right now
120, nope, go away
127,000, 26 days to go
26 days to go
So four days they've already
Comfortable funding
Now that I've mentioned it here
They'll get another 100,000
But anyway
Yeah, if you like
The retro adventure games
You're going to get a kick out of this
For $15 you get
The Steam and DRM free copy
Of the game on release
So it's basically pre-ordering a game that will be done in a year
If they get certain stretch goals
They're looking at 3DS and Vita versions
At 1.15 million
Wii U, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One
Versions at 1.65 million
Wii, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360
At 2.35 million
Those stretch goals are quote
Subject to negotiation
Be interesting to see how that goes
So yeah
Pretty cool
Fans of La Mulana like Dark Tetsuya
I know are very happy about that
Alright
Pretty happy to see it's a new character too
Sugi, fun stuff
This game is really
In the same vein of everything that we've talked about before
This game is so incredibly
Meticulous as well
From when it was originally released in 20
Shit
Before 2010 it was originally like
2007
Or so
And the PC remake
That they made is
The Wii version was rather tame
But the PC remake that was released last year
Or 2012 I can't recall
I remember the Wii one was delayed
Dramatically improved
And yet another game with a storied history
Of something that has just been
Refined and refined and refined
For the better
And now they're continuing forward with new content
Perfect, wonderful
Alright
Well let's look at the wonderful content that sits inside our mailbag
Mailbag at
OrangeLawnTrader.com is the place to send us emails
Every week Dark Sakura dives in the
Mailbag head first
And pulls out a couple emails that she
Believes are worthy of repeating
Here on this program
How many emails do we have tonight? Three
Three emails
I haven't checked for anything else and I'm only going to read these three
Probably just a bunch of spam
Howdy gang stars
Howdy
I'd like to expand on the thoughts that I tried to express
In the FUGL question of the week from last week
I was unable to do so due to the confines of an outdated
Artform that only exists in the modern world
For the purposes of nostalgia
QQ more
Also known as Haikus
Haikus
For people who didn't catch that
Like I didn't catch that mic
Just now
By the way Haiku is not outdated
It is still in use
Nintendo has a unique place in the marketplace
But only
But one only also held by Sony and Microsoft
In addition to being a video game developer
Nintendo is
As is well known a console creator
While their role as a video game developer
Allows them to be much more unique
In how they approach the market
Nintendo's role as a console creator is much different
In that role Nintendo must not
Offer a product
That is tailored for any specific use
Or function
They must instead provide a product that allows for
A wide variance
Of products and services
A narrow focus on specific tasks
And function serves to only limit
The products the company other than Nintendo
Can utilize on their console
If not incentivize companies
To avoid the console altogether
For that reason
Nintendo should work to broaden the kinds of products
And services
That companies other than Nintendo can put on their
Current console the Wii U
One of the ways they can do this is by providing
A decent stable and safe online environment
That can be utilized through the Wii U
And I need to renew my chat room
Because it's not working
Where was I?
It doesn't have to be a robust service
Like Xbox Live or PSN
I help my nieces spend hours a day
Playing games on the Disney website
They don't have to sign in or provide any
Information in order to play
My nieces can just call up the Disney games website
Click on whatever particular game they want to play
And enjoy
Perhaps Nintendo could come up with something like that
Also boobs, boobs, boobs, boobs, additionally boobs
Stay black, Redertainment
For history's sake
January
No, January
19th
Last week's
Fugu question of the week
Redertainment's haiku was
Create a better platform
For online gaming
Also boobs, boobs, boobs
At least his email
His email did truly expand on that
Because he added more boobs
No
I don't necessarily disagree with what he's saying
At all
They've got to figure out how to get those third parties back
The thing about
The very last point about
Creating a safe environment
Is what the definition
Of a safe environment
Is going to be
What you just described
Your nieces being able to go on Disney and play games
I don't know this for certain
But I'm pretty damn sure that yes
Games become available just like
Getting a disc into the Wii U
Or downloading something from the shop and going to it
That's an online environment
Kind of
Super Mario 3D World and the Miis
Gravitating around
That is an online environment
That those online aspects come into your game
Xbox
Microsoft and Sony provide a
Robust messaging and communication system
Alongside matchmaking
Multiplayer, etc, etc, games
Um
As soon as you allow
Two people to communicate
It is inherently unsafe
Period, that's why every single game has
Online interactions not rated by the ESRB
Because people will say
Type, gesture, do whatever
They can possibly do
Based off whatever they want to do
Indeed true
So it's difficult, that's all I'm saying
It's quite difficult
Yes, let's
But thank you for the email, it's very
Very pointed considering the
Lengths of the debate we went to last week
Thank you and I agree with the boobs
Seconded
This email comes from Andy R
Hey OLR
First time writers who forgive me for any
Grammar mistakes, okay
Just wanted to say that I agree with Jason
About the Wii quote failing
As a game console, it didn't succeed
On the strength of its library at first
It succeeded at being
The Tickle Me Elmo of Insert Year Wii
Came out
Even my parents bought one and there's no way
They would have bought any other video game console
It was a runaway success because
It managed to strike a chord
With a casual crowd who tend to be more
Fickle about what catches on and what doesn't
Wii U has failed to capture
That market again, myriad of reasons
In my opinion
And I don't think it ever will at this
Rate, it's now the more hardcore gamer
Crowd feels scorned after
How the Wii was largely marketed
To a different crowd
Anyway, just my two cents, I don't think Nintendo
Is necessarily in dire straights
Mario Kart and Smash
Still have a chance to turn things around
And at least get the gamer crowd back
On board, they'll keep cranking out
Their first party games and I think they'll be
Fine by the end of the generation
Can I just, I just want to say real quick
While you cough up a storm there, the whole
Tickle Me Elmo comparison, like I
Get that angle, like the Wii was kind of like
The hot thing that year, so like I get the position
There, but could you kind of say the same thing about
The Xbox One and the Playstation 4 this year?
Nope. Why?
Because what's the
There was nothing really to rival
Sorry, there was nothing really to rival the Tickle Me Elmo
When it came out, I'm just saying
In terms of that type of toy and things that
Had that much hype, but now we've got
First of all, direct competitors
So there's two of them
Offering comparable deals
And each with their dedicated fanbases
It's really
An
It's like
Comparing
Apples and oranges
To a
A potato
Well, but
To be fair, the Wii and the Playstation 3
Came out the same year, yet the
Wii dominated the conversation based off
The strength of Wii Sports and the other launch titles
This generation's consoles are still on the shelves
Maybe not so much the PS4
Because of stock for the overseas
For the overseas launch
But this is exactly the point that I was trying to make
Is that the Wii was gone
For so long
Yeah, you could pre-order
You'll get stock when you get it
Like the 360 had been the year before?
Gotcha
It's really hard for me
To have a mental
A particular map of this
Because I've been a latecomer to every single console
I've never done it on launch day
I've never tried to get it on launch day
Failed and had to
Continue to follow up to actually
Take physical stock
Of when this stuff is available
Yeah, they work out
Supply issues
They ramp up, people buy them with less frequency
And they start to show up again
Jamie just made the point
That their dedicated camps
Are responsible for these
Millions of sales in the first month
Yep
100% true
But the Wii persisted
The Wii was the perfect storm
Because it had this huge up front
Rush that had an incredibly
Long tail and incredibly long wind down
And
Something I came up with
Listening to last week's episode again
They had good
Late
Late life releases
Galaxy was absolutely phenomenal
Uh
Fucking
Every single Wii game
I have on the shelf literally just
Erased from my mind
Nintendo had a good late life library
Which is
Stereotypically Nintendo
These releases keep going the entire time
Which only boosted its numbers
But that initial surge of
Everything
Was all because of a new audiences
And Wii Sports
Carried over to Wii Fit
Let's move on with the rest of the email
Oh yeah we didn't finish that did we
No we did not
Also quickly on the topic of the Magic the Gathering movie
You guys were comparing it to Battleship
Or Clue or other board games
But there's already a strong narrative in the game
There have been a ton of books and comics that flesh out the story
And they've even got an entire team devoted to making sure
That all the properties stay true to the world
That game has created
Pausing here
I did read a lot of the Magic the Gathering comics
When I was really into playing it
And
I just
Wasn't that interested in the backstory
It was just a fun game to play
Piggybacking on your pause here
I get the whole
It's not Battleship or Clue
Okay I get that angle
I kind of think about Dungeons and Dragons
Obviously there's a very rich story there
There's the books and everything else
And then the movie came out and it was kind of
This crap
And I wanted to like it because Tom Baker was in it
And a lot of times those books
And everything else they kind of get ignored
I mean the World of Warcraft movie is going to
Face this problem, you know how much of the books
Is it really going to pay attention to it
There is a rich story
For the Warcraft stuff too
Star Trek and Star Wars, this new Star Wars
Movies, it ain't going to follow any of the books
Well they already said that the books are pretty much
Now Apocrypha
To finish this up
Almost all the blocks
Magic term for three consecutive
Expansions tell a story
And while it can be tough to figure
That out just through individual cards
It is there
Just pointing it out because I doubt this will be like
A Yu-Gi-Oh type thing
And definitely not something like Battleship
I know we're being cynical
Because a lot of video game movies turn out like garbage
I think it would be awesome if the movie
Turns out really well
Like if they can actually pull it off
It would need a freaking Lord of the Rings treatment
To make it good
Honestly
What does that say about all the negative critique
Of The Hobbit though
Yeah but then again
The Hobbit is a children's book
Therefore it was actually
A relatively short story
Did not need
Stuff pulled from
The side books and short stories
And every other little doodle
Tolkien happened to put on paper
It needed to be one fucking movie
I love this comment from Bobby in the chat room
Land will be tapped in a theater near you
Love it
I get it
I just keep having flashbacks
Of how many hours of my life I wasted
Playing Magic
Finally Rob
Why so much hate for the non indie podcast
I listen to a ton of podcasts each week
Some indie and some not
Even the ones that are affiliated with the company
I listen to people who love video games
And talk about video games
Thanks and keep up the podcast
As Andrew are
Thanks for asking that actually
So I can kind of set the record straight
On some things here
Hate is a strong word
Hate is a very strong word
I don't hate non indie podcasts
I don't hate them
I really like to support indie podcasts
And my fellow people that go out there
And really work their butts off
Because indie podcasters
Have to work ten times as hard
To achieve something that
A corporate backed podcast
Can achieve very easily
Whether the quality be good or not
And that's just the way it is
I'm not saying that out of a jealousy thing
But it really irks me in the indie scene
When I see people
Striking each other down
Why are you fighting with each other
And having these silly little wars
When we have to fight
There's so much to get noticed anyway
Amongst these corporate backed things
And look to the story we talked about earlier
With the whole
Paying off
Paying for the plugs
Product placement and so forth
It kind of gets into some of the other things
You really have to consider are a factor
When you talk about corporate games
Does that mean all the people
That work for these corporate companies
And work for corporate podcasts are shrills
No no no
That really pursued their passion
They do it for a living, I applaud them
There's a lot of very talented people that do
Happen to do it for a living
I don't necessarily need to be
Plugging them because they've got their audience
They're easy to find, you know where to look
But I will say
Again, having a night where I'm just going to
Tell it like it is, there are also
Some people out there in the industry
That are doing these shows
That don't have that level of passion
On some shows
That's been very obvious to me
As a listener, maybe I'm just
Old or picky, I don't know
I definitely have heard those corporate based
Podcasts where somebody was only there
Because they had to be
And that just
When we
Put so much effort into this
And do it for nothing
That really stings sometimes
When you hear people talking up
This particular podcast where people plainly
And obviously don't want to be there
That's the really tricky part
However, granted, that is the minority
So
I think that's great that you have your shows
That you support and listen to
And there are some great corporate based shows
Out there, but I just
I choose to support those that have to
Work a little bit harder to get noticed
I would add to that that
The situation is getting
A bit more diverse and by the same token
A little bit muddier because
The rise of YouTube and
It's the same story over and over and over again
You affiliate, you partner, you whatever
But these
You know, corporate backed
Networks that
Pick up individual
I don't quite know the business
Details of it, but corporations
That pick up
Indie producers
Because their content is
Engaging and they have an established base
And they
Do so so that they can provide
Um
So that the
Said originally
Indie can start doing things
For the company, for the corporation
But it also
The theory is that it's a two way street
The individual is able to
Continue doing what they're doing
Take on additional responsibilities with the company
But also do events
Personally taking advantage of company
Resources
And also literally
Legal protection, YouTube fuckery
To some extent, that kind of thing
There's a lot of interesting
Indie organized
Networks on YouTube
And various other locations right now
And it's
It is really hard
To figure out
On what side of the coin
These people lie
Sometimes
But the point is that
Be there for the content that you enjoy
And that you can tell the people enjoy as well
That means, that probably means
You're having a good time listening to it
It's really the whole point
There are some people out there very passionate about
Games who are gamers and
Are very good at what they do
And have a lot of good things to say
Unfortunately, not everybody's in the game industry for those reasons
And that's a harsh reality
That
You know, you'll find out for yourself
If you go to some of these press events
And see it first hand
That's all I'm going to say
That individual lives in Arizona
Or did by the area code
Thank you Andrew
Well, last email
Give away his home address while you're at it Jason, jeez
Well that's not in the email
I would if I, no no no
I did want to say thank you for the email
Because the beginning said it was a first time emailer
So I love those whole long time listener first time callers
First time writers?
And your grammar was excellent
What's up gang?
So funny enough
I just got done posting
On the Frugal Question
And my email is kinda sorta about the same thing
I'm playing through Devil May Cry
The 2013 one
And I've come to realize
I love the raw gritty and cocky new Dante
And the game itself as a whole
I was wondering what your thoughts were on the game
Haven't played it, that's just me
I remember when the game released
And it was, cool topic of the month
Was to hate the new Dante
Do you think that gaming in this generation
Has an unfair advantage
Due to the internet negativity
I remember when the only gaming news
I would get was just for magazines
Oh well I guess we were just getting old
It was a P
I have to admit I have not
Played the new Devil May Cry
It went cheap on Steam, I was thinking about buying it
It's free on Playstation Plus right now actually
Let me, he's gonna hate me
Alan!
Alan! Help!
Help me!
Cause he has played it
Can you hear us in there?
Do you know what we're talking about?
We're talking about the new Devil May Cry game
And none of us have played it
But I know you have played it
And what did the emailer want to know about the Dante
First question was
I wonder what your thoughts were on the game
And he said that he liked the new Dante
It has
Like
Everything is super edgy
And grim dark
And the new Dante
Drops the F bomb a lot
And it's very try hard in that regard
But as far as the play style
Like the art direction
And the settings, I really enjoy that
The new Dante, he's cute
I mean you get to see him naked
I'm downloading this
I don't care
I will say it does do a very good job
At bringing a quality to, well you know somewhat
To objectifying the man
I would like to see him objectify some more
And
There on the PC version
There are mods, not nude mods
Damn!
But I think there's a shirtless mod
How do you know about this stuff you perv?
Cause when I got it on Steam for like
17 cents, I googled Devil May Cry mods
And there's a site for it
I think you might have googled
More specifically than that
Just saying!
I think a lot of the original franchise
Devil May Cry fans are upset
About the reboot
It's because there was no real resolution
To the original franchise
The new Dante is a lot
He's different from the original one
In kind of shitty ways
So there's some anger there
It's a fun game
Thank you for letting me pick on you, appreciate it
I just like that the whole Devil May Cry thing
Actually came from a Resident Evil
Type thing
My last experience with Devil May Cry
Was playing Devil May Cry 3
Failing so hard
That I unlocked easy mode
And I have not played another one since
Not because
Not out of personal scorn or anything like that
But because I didn't get a PS3
For two or three years
And still to this day
My PS3 library is
Literally nothing compared to the 360
Devil May Cry 4
Eventually came out on the 360
But not until after it's PS3
Oh my god, it's still 50 bucks on Steam
It's free right now on PS3
Yeah, but I don't
I don't play my consoles
My hand hurts
At any rate, PlayStation Plus
I picked it up
I will definitely pick this series back up
I don't know, I've loved this series
I don't remember much of the second one
But I'm sure I enjoyed it
I definitely love this kind of play style
Terrible at it, obviously
Easy mode
But I now have Devil May Cry reboot
And I'll pick it up
As soon as the opportunity presents itself
But it's in my library
So I can, in theory, do that
Whenever I want
Yeah, whatever
I'm paying 50 bucks for it
There'll be an Uber sale soon enough
Oh, there was more to that email
Yeah, Rob, geez
PS, on a side note
I just finished Brothers A Tale of Two Sons earlier this week
If you've not played this game, pour yourself a nice glass of wine
Sit down and prepare to play
One of the most beautiful games you will ever play
It is three hours of an amazing score
Gorgeous graphics
And one hell of a memorable story
Congrats, Loki, on the new edition
And that comes from Travis
Not our Travis D, but a Travis H
The same one that we answered on Google earlier, right?
Yes
Thank you for the email, Travis, appreciate it
And another recommendation
For Brother A Tale of Two Sons
Yeah, but oddly enough
His name just like sent a song
Sailing through my head
Because for the moment I first read his name
I actually read Trevor
So now I have the magical Trevor song stuck in my head
So thank you, Travis
Alright, thank you to all our emailers
Mailbag at orangesontrated.com
This is the place to send your thoughts for a future episode
Alright, in the meantime
We got to get to our FUs of the Week
Let's do it
Why do we do the FUs of the Week?
Because we're mad and stuff
This is bad
This is justice
This is punishment
This is fucked up
FU to free pastries that I can't eat
That's it
It's tragic
It is tragic
Because I'm being a good girl
My FU goes to not knowing when to say when
Jason
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
Jason
Is this the part where I kill the pity party by saying that because San Francisco is kind of sort of vacation for me
For a month vacation
Since it's vacation for me I relax my diet a little bit
And then I'm gonna do this kind of stuff
Be more serious about this stuff when I get back home
No, FU to being sick
It actually impacted this week a hell of a lot harder
This week was gonna be really important to me
And it still was a lot of shit
A lot of productive shit happened
But I had a really bad feeling about it going into Friday
I was having trouble staying awake during the day every single day this week
And then me and a bunch of coworkers go out for a nice time on Thursday night
And I get back into my hotel room
I'm more or less fine
Friday hits and I'm just destroyed
And so were about 20 other coworkers of mine
Probably even more than that that I haven't seen or talked to to actually know the final numbers
FU to being sick
FU to being miserable
FU to the kind of sickness that doesn't let you sleep laying down
Sitting up to sleep does not work so well
Thankfully I'm basically over it
FU to somebody else who may have gotten me sick
Maybe, not really
There was another one
I've said this probably for the last two to three weeks
FU to sleep schedules
I'm gonna be up all night tonight of my own doing because I'm like that
Finishing off 536 because I don't want to get in a rut of being behind YouTube videos
FU to having to catch up and having to sleep and having obligations and everything else
Sorry to hear you, well I was sick too
I should have given a nephew to being sick myself
But luckily it didn't last long
That's the good news
Basically better yesterday and then today I woke up
I felt pretty damn good this morning
And that's the best part about being sick
Even though I couldn't do too terribly much to recover
As soon as I did, oh my god, it was so rejuvenating
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys
Then we're gonna open up the Skype line at 1877 Game OLR
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio
That's all one word, OrangeLoungeRadio
But not just yet, we're gonna first do just a couple more stories here for you
Before we open that up
Bethesda has announced last Thursday the members of the VoiceOver cast
That will be working on The Elder Scrolls Online
Which is due to come out three days after April Fool's Day
Why did I read it that way? I don't know
I felt like it
Everybody knows what day April Fool's Day is
And if you don't, well
You'll find out what, you'll find out when it happens
The cast members as announced
I'm just gonna go, I'll do it all
John Cleese as Cadwell
The cheery and endearingly mad lost soul who is not afraid of anyone
Bill Nighy, High King Emmerich
A merchant prince whose determination won him the throne
Kate Beckinsale, Queen Iryn
Leader of the Ald...
Man, I'm very good at pronouncing these, aren't I?
Leader of the Aldmeri
There's some real garbage words in The Elder Scrolls
They're classical
Leader of the Aldmeri Dominion and Queen of the High Elves
Alfred Molina as Abner Tharn
A wily old wizard who is head of the Empire's Elder Council
Linda Carter as Azura
The Daedric Princess from Skyrim who is a popular part of the lore
Fuck yes Wonder Woman
These are, these are, these are
A celebrity cast exactly as they said
Michael Gambon, The Prophet
A blind man who guides the player through their journey
Can we talk about this?
I get it, mystical history and all that kind of shit
But a blind man who guides the player through their journey
Come on!
Sorry
I don't understand, what's the...
A blind man who guides people
Well, why not?
I'm in one of those moods
Malcolm McDowell as
You think it's fine? What about, like you see the blind fighters
Yeah, it's possible
There's the stories, people, echolocation
I've even heard of blind people riding a bike
I get it, I don't know
We've got blind people who listen to the show
And do the video game
Like the crazy video game clears
Like on Killer Instinct and stuff
I'm trying to think of the games that are out there
Where they do everything
It's so impressive
Okay, I'm being an idiot, I accept that argument
I don't know, something about these descriptions
Something about these descriptions
The way they worded it
The way they worded it
They worded it, they got to you
Malcolm McDowell as
The Daedric God who schemes to
Enslave the mortals of Tamriel
Some extras
Peter Stomer
The Skulled King, a monarch who led his people
Into an unlikely alliance
Jim Ward as
A renegade high elf wizard
Exiled from the realm for raising the dead
Jennifer Hale as
A Nord high giant who
Along with the prophet, aids the player
Michael Richardson, Sai Sahan
A noble martial artist and
Master swordsman
Getting it, I don't care what it is
This is a pretty amazing cast
And then the mosaic of all of the actors
And actresses, voice actors and actresses
At the bottom, even if you don't recognize the names
You're gonna recognize these faces
Good for them, Bethesda
Fucking awesome work, thank you
Akuma JP is talking about
You see it in almost all Chinese movies
What's wrong?
Yeah, it was
Hold on, cause you got support here in the chat
SSG100Matt says, I think Jason just feels the notion
Of a blind prophet leading someone is cliche
And overused
These are all completely valid
I
Distilled into its simplest
Form, it seems hokey
Predictable and typical
But that's also what makes it the best possible
Thing, because the fact that without sight
You can do anything of this nature is
Absolutely stupendous and
Amazing of the individual
You're all correct, thank you
It's true
A white flag, I surrender
I surrender
Alright
Well, one thing
We need to wrap up the show cause we're dying over here
One thing we can all agree on
Is that the Super Nintendo is rad
And Super Nintendo is still having
Games made for it, which is pretty cool
Super Fighter Team
Is a retro publisher
And they are shipping a Super Nintendo
Run and gun platformer named
Nightmare Busters
And if you pre-order the game you will be
Seeing this shipped to your house very very soon
This game was originally supposed to launch
In 1994
You thought Duke Nukem
Forever had a long development
Two decades in the making
That's quite a bankroll
No more Duke Nukem jokes
Anyhow, it never happened
And yeah, a completed version
Was discovered years later
And Super Fighter Team started taking the pre-orders
Of the cartridge
If you want it, it'll cost you just $70
Plus shipping
How many years is $70?
Well, keep in mind that if you inflate the cost
Of what the cartridge used to cost back in the day
It was about $70 in today's money
It's very strange, I don't remember
I still have some very beat up
SNES boxes
I don't really remember the cost
A new SNES game
Probably because my mom and dad bought it
But that was my age
When I had my SNES
Oh, when Street Fighter 2
And Mortal Kombat with those complex
Chipsets that were in them
They were like $69 or even
I think it might have been $79
I remember exactly how much the killer instinct
Cost when I got it
It was exactly $60
I got it at Montgomery Ward
If that doesn't age it
Didn't Phantasy Star IV on the Genesis
Cost like $99 or something
Like really expensive?
I don't know that it was that much, was it?
I don't know, for some reason my mind goes
Tigerclaw, look it up for us
Every once in a while I just hear
These figures and it's
It's outrageous by today's
Standards, yet it seems somewhat
Expected and also you account
For the fact that cartridges aren't in mass
Production, which means they're more expensive
To produce
It's a strange conflict of trying to
Figure out where exactly
My mind is in regard to
How appropriate this cost is
But it looks fun, looks like a fun game
Good on them
Alright, we are going to open up the Skype line
It's open now, 1877 Game OLR
Or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio
If you want to give us a call and talk about any of tonight's topics
Or anything else we might have discussed tonight
Please go ahead and give us a
Call, it is the show after all
Where every gamer has a voice
Let's see
I'm going to try and pull up any tweets
I didn't see any earlier though
Remember how I said I was going to save an
Article for the end of the show?
Oh yeah, I do
Gee, thanks
In my defense
Two days away from being sick
I'm not at 100% yet, not that I remember
Thought you were going to help to bridge things together
Alright
Let's go to the phones
Because we do have a call coming in, hooray
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
It's DJ Ronimaz, how is everybody in the studio today?
Hey good, good to hear from you buddy, what's up?
We are all equally recovering
I feel that
I feel your pain
I just finished rebuilding my entire machine after my hard drive crash
Late last night
Oh
Yuck
But it's okay, all my important data
Including the porn, was saved
Yay
Okay
I got a couple of things I want to get off my chest
Then I'm going to get up on out here and let other people call in
Fair enough
Now, I was trying to call in last week
And get in this whole Wii U
Debate and debacle
And
Granted, the Wii U is
Not a disaster
According to what some people are saying
Because people forget
For every console that Nintendo sells
They make a profit
Compared to other manufacturers
In Microsoft, they take a loss
So whether people think that Wii U
Is an abysmal failure
Nintendo is still laughing all the way to the bank
I thought that wasn't true anymore after they did the $50 price cut
I could be wrong
Well, maybe after the initial
$50 price cut
But then as parts get a little bit cheaper
I mean, in the beginning they were losing money
Off the 3DS when they did the initial price cut
But now
They're making profits off the 3DS
Because
Parts become cheaper, make your money back
Alright, I'm with you
So I am saying
When Nintendo gets their next console out
It's gotta have that hardware power
Of what's out there now
They can't be like
Skimming on the cheap and be like
Well, we'll be the budget console
For everybody
Well, wait a second
If they match the current generation by the time the new one rolls around
What will that have bought them?
Well, what I mean is they need to
Not match, but make it to the next level
I mean, you see what I'm saying?
They have to add a little bit of hardware prowess
To make them step above everybody else
That's what I'm saying
Got it
Alright, fair enough
We've got to come in our chat room
Over at live.vognetwork.com
AkumaJP says, I'm so sick of this topic
Why do we keep debating the Nintendo stuff into the ground?
Even when people
Like, love to get
People out there that really get pleasure out of just
Kicking Nintendo when they're down, I think, sometimes
People like to see the giants fall
I guess
Very much
Well, why don't you tell us more about that porn collection
Well, there is a reason why I had to go get a
3TB hard drive
Any cons coming up that you're getting excited for?
Yes, I will be
Going to Katsukan next month
And I will be debuting
Dr. Luigi
Oh god, Katsukan, oh man
Man, it was years ago when I went to Katsukan
I had such a good time though
Yes, and somehow, mysteriously, the picture of you as the
Black Mage disappeared
So I have to go digging for it
Oh no
Well, it's probably for the best, let's be real
I've got to work on a cosplay for Dragon Con
Because Travis Donovan is fully expecting
That I'm going full on cosplay this year
I've got to figure that whole mess out
I don't know what I'm going to do
I'm going to lose a little weight first
It will determine if I'm going to do sexy cosplay or not
You need to do Joker
Joker? Oh, I was like
My mind went to Batman Joker
Oh, Joker from Mass Effect
Yeah, I guess that would be pretty mean
We can get you the SR2 hat
That might be something
Especially when Donovan and Jenna
Do the whole Miranda and Shepard thing
I guess the Joker would fit right in with that crowd
So, why not
Awesome
I said hi
Will do
Anime Jam session Tuesday nights here at VOG Network
Listen in, kids
It's what's good
For LG, you know
Alright, take care, buddy
Alright, take care
1877 Game OLR
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio
If you want to give us a call
And comment on whatever's been going on in the news
Bobby Blackwolf, I forgot, had sent me
Some messages earlier saying I should
And I thought this was really funny
He noticed that earlier in the show
Guitar Hero 3
Was trending on Twitter
Isn't that weird? Guitar Hero 3 is years old
Yeah, it's depressing
The reason why
Because Metallica just played
One at the Grammys
And all the little kids were going
Hey, this is from Guitar Hero 3
Even though
It's like one of the biggest
Facepalm right now
Is like of epic proportions
Oh no
You're talking about songs that like
Defined the
No
No, no
It's sad
But it's hilarious at the same time
Do I need to get the
I mean, at the same time, that's not a surprise
And
It's great that they're saying
Guitar Hero 3 specifically
I don't know if it was on that, but
I'm surprised you could unstick your hand
From your face with that
Alright, I gotta go to the phones
Quickly, quickly
Hold on, hold on
Just one thing
You be quiet, I hung up
One thing that has to be said
Is that
If anyone ever doubts that
Metal music isn't
Music music
You need to listen to that whole fucking Metallica album
It's black album, isn't it?
No, I don't
Was one all black? Oh, Ride the Lightning
Alright, Zaku's calling back
Are we ready for Zaku this time?
Yes, it's all working
Alright, here we go
Hi Zaku
How's it going?
Because I'm too lazy to turn on my PC at night
That's fine, what's up buddy?
Ah, nothing much
Just kicking back
What is that you're playing over there?
Is that Forza?
No, Gran Turismo
Oh, Gran Turismo, okay
What's up?
Ah, nothing much
Just, you know, as I said
Still playing, getting through my PS3 as usual
But, other than that
I managed to pick myself up a
Pretty spiffy racing wheel that I'm gonna pick up tomorrow
From eBay
Yeah
So, figured I may as well get used to
Like, the last throws of playing
On a controller
But other than that, it's like
I'm still kind of like
Still kind of shocked
That the patent office
Would go so far as to give
A single company the trademark
For an entire word
That's like giving Crayola the patent
Or the trademark for the color blue
I mean, for King
To get that much, wield that much power
You know there's gonna be other people
Obviously Hasbro
Or anyone who's already
Had products with the word candy on it
In the past and want to target mobile
Or pretty much
They're pretty much in the crosshairs
Because once they do, they'll get the C&D's immediately
Well, I would actually like to see
I think Hasbro would fight that
And I would actually kind of like to see that happen
I think a lot of us would be
Rooting for that kind of throwdown to happen
Well, Dark Soccer had joked
During Bobby Black Wolf's show earlier
That Disney should do a game based on King Candy
I like your macross shirt by the way
From Wreck it Ralph
Doing a King Candy game
And I was like, yes, Disney should do that
Because Disney's legal team
Is a force to be reckoned with
And that would be a fun little court case
To watch go down
But who's hand
King ended up greasing
In the patent office?
There has to have been some sort of
Backroom deal
Of sorts
Definitely a little bit of hand skin ball
Going on over there at the patent office
Thanks Ralph
There's no way
You would be able to get
The trademark for a single word
That's so common in
Universal
Well
Even English
There's no way you would have done that
Without having to grease someone's palm over there
Well, Bethesda
Bethesda trademarked the word
There went my dreams
Of making the boob scrolls
But still it's like
Candy
Which is something that it's really
Really delicious honestly
Not just delicious
It's a noun
Of something that's already common
How could you
Trademark something
That is so ubiquitous
That even candy makers
Are in danger because if they try
To promote their
They try to create a promotional app
The technical answer
The literal reason why that's allowed
Is that they don't have carte blanche
On anything that has the word candy
They have carte blanche on video games
And interactive media
That uses the word candy or saga
Well there goes
Any hopes for Hershey's
Doing promotional games on mobile
I'm gonna ask the real tough
Questions here at Orange Lounge Radio
How did they not
Get the trademark on the word crush
Why are we not hearing about the word crush
Because that makes me think if that's the unsaid thing
Because you know they tried it
So why are we not hearing about them getting the trademark
On the word crush
I really hope it's because of grape crush
I really hope
The people that made crush soda were like nope
More of an orange person myself
But I digress
Isn't crush already
Not already a trademark
So it kind of conflicts
So I think they would have to give them candy
Because no one else has trademarked
Or let alone used it as a brand
As a single word
I mean it's getting to that point
It's almost bizarre
That they gave them
Something like that
That could easily be invalidated
As long as
They try to go after the
Wrong entity
Like Disney
But it goes to show that
Our patent system
Is completely broken
It's where you can
I mean the point is that
If you have software patents
And then you have trolls going after you
For having certain features that are
Obiguous to all other
Mobile phone platforms
Like barcode scanning
Or even sending
Communications like network calls
Someone must have
You know that process
Even sending secure calls
Zaku
Since I'm asking the tough questions here tonight
How do we fix it?
We all sit here and say it's broken
How do we fix it?
Well I mean this is something that Congress would have to
Enact laws for
But it's not
The same one that got us in
Is going to get us right back out
Out of the frying pan
And into the fryer
It's gotten paid for by
Special interests
So there will be people, there will be certain entities
Certain software companies that wouldn't want
The status quo to change
It would benefit from having
To patent software
Ideas
Instead of the whole
Instead of actually building something
Or creating a single idea
That can be patented as opposed to actually
Creating the code
Alright Zaku I gotta let you go so we can wrap up the show
It is broken
And I'm gonna complain some more
Take care buddy
Have fun with your steering wheel
All new way to play
Take care buddy
I think that it's gonna do it for calls tonight
Cause we're well past 9 o'clock
Here and we only gotta work tomorrow
So we're gonna
Quickly I think I saw a tweet come in here
At the last moment
It was a story I wanted to address
And I should have
Mentioned it earlier in the show but I didn't
Cause you know
I was too busy ranting about something
When I said I prefer Orange Crush
I was actually talking about the R.A.M. song
Playing at drums on Rock Band
Also
I was thinking about
Pineapple Crush was really
Actually the superior brand of Crush
Pineapple Crush was amazing
We do have a couple quick tweets here
Let me get to it
Tigerclaw tweeting us saying
So we brought them up earlier in the show
Because they're gonna have that online
The subscription pass that works for all their game
But it's gonna come at the cost
Of Free Realms
Closing down
That game was pretty shitty anyway
It's on the PS3, it's awful
Star Wars Clone Wars Adventures
Vanguard Saga of Heroes
And Wizardry Online
All shutting down
Most of them on March 31st
But Wizardry will be last to close
On July 31st
Rest in peace
SSG100Matt says
What?
Oh yeah there was something about this
They conspired to sell
Counterfeit game packs for the UltraCade
Unit
It also involved global VR
And MAME developers
He reached a plea deal with the state of California
And the sentencing has happened
41 months in prison
How about that
I don't even remember why we were so mad at him
In the first place
Because they were replacing our legit old machines
And they were making people pay for MAME
I just want to give a shout out though
Because we had some nice people pimping our stuff tonight
So I just want to give a nice shout out
To some people that were pimping our stuff tonight
Pixel Pacas
Said not interested in watching the Grammys
Listen to the video game podcast OLR
Thank you Pixel Pacas
That was quite kind
It was very kind, so did Koopa Club
Said almost the same thing, forget the Grammys and listen to
OLR Live instead, though if the Grammys
Were like best grandma awards
Then we totally watch it
You know what though, I do have to say
And thank you to Tumblr for keeping me in the loop
Daft Punk
Did they win stuff?
Best Album
Oh did they win Best Album?
Good for them
I know they were nominated
They won 4 Grammys and
Paul McCartney won a couple
Actually
There was an amazing tweet earlier
That can sum up my thoughts on Macklemore
Perfectly
This is my personal opinion
What was the retweet?
I had retweeted a user named Randall Chris
Macklemore dropping
The actual queer musician from
Same Love so Madonna can
Sing the hook instead is so comically
Appropriate
That sums up my thoughts exactly
Thank you
Anyhow
That's gonna do it for
Another show here at
Orange Lounge Radio, thank you guys for downloading the show
And checking it out, really appreciate it
And I do say this at the end of every show, if you liked what you heard
All we ask, help grow
Our family, I talked to her a little
Earlier in the email segment about we are an independent podcast
We do have to really work hard for the
Exposure we do get, word of mouth is
So valuable, please
Consider leaving us a nice review in
iTunes or Stitcher, tell a friend
Or five about the show, help spread the word
It really really helps and it has
Kept us going for the past 12 years
We live and love
Pay your tribute
Jason
Thank you again for being here
As you have been
Really appreciate it, thank you for stepping up into
A full blown host role tonight
I did reasonably well
Other than completely resetting
My brain in part B and thinking
Oh shit, I was supposed to read these articles
Something's happened
To be fair, I called you Loki
At one point
That reset happened
Immediately after you called me Loki
It happens to the best of us
It all works out
Stay healthy folks
Our one listener
Stay healthy, keep it together
Drink your orange juice
Or whatever
That is what I was doing all day yesterday and today
My final thought tonight is
I'm gonna have to shave this beard in a couple weeks
And it's gonna be sad
You need to shave your beard
You just need to trim buddy
I need to shave the beard
That's the problem
You need to shave something fierce
Alright, and last but not least
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight
It's winter, I ain't gotta shave shit
That's it guys, thank you so much for downloading
The show, we will be back next week
On the big day, the day of the biggest game
Of the year, Puppy Bowl Sunday
We'll be back next week to talk about
Video games and probably
Say aww and shucks at those
Cute puppies and kittens
Have a great night everybody, we'll see you next time, bye
Orange Lounge Radio is a production
Of OLR Studios
To join us for a live show
Tune into vognetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6 pm Pacific
9 pm Eastern
The views and opinions
Expressed in this program
Do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
Of Orange Lounge Radio
Or VOG Network
But you know they were all still true
See you next week
Thanks for watching!
