Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
It's a new year of growth, despite what the pundits are saying all about Nintendo.
New games are being created by the people we love, and new services are expanding their horizons,
and new updates are available to amuse and entertain us.
Join us for all the details on this episode of the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show,
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio for this January the 19th of 2014, episode number 536 of our show.
Our program, about three hours or so, give or take like an hour,
dedicated to all things video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, here with you every week, and welcome back to the show this week.
Say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
How are you doing?
As I said, Husky.
Husky, yes.
I'm about to take a cough drop for my Husky cough.
As she was telling me before the show tonight, not during the first take,
where maybe her mic wasn't on that I had to cut out.
I would never make a big mistake like that. I'm a professional.
Rob is a flawless goddess.
That's right, don't you forget it.
Anyway, so yes, you have a bit of the Kathleen Turner thing going on with your voice tonight.
Yeah, I was telling my friend, who I'm Tumblr pals with,
that I either sound like a 13-year-old boy or like a sex phone worker.
So, I can say, you know, what are you wearing?
And have it sound hot.
Other than like, bitch, I don't care what you're wearing.
Can we get you to say just once for the listeners, I'm not bad, I'm just drawn that way?
I'm not bad, I'm just drawn that way.
Great, now I have a clip for the next intro.
Alright, also say hello.
By the way, what you told the chatroom, all that sucking that they can do, join in.
They were, every single one of them was yelling at me after the mistake of not having your mic on for a little bit.
Alright, anyway, let's go over to the Skype line where, believe it or not, he is here this week.
I didn't think he'd be here tonight, but he is. He persevered. Here he is.
Say hello, everybody, to Techmaster Loki.
He just doesn't want to come out. I don't know. He likes it in there.
Well, you better be careful, Loki. I didn't want to come out until I was about 20 years old.
So, just saying.
How you doing, Loki?
Tired.
Tired, I bet.
So, what's going on? We have a baby delay, so it's no longer going to be Martin Luther King Jr. Day baby.
It's going to be Tuesday baby, right?
Yeah, we, Josh caught a cold on Thursday or Friday, and so we're just giving him an extra day to not be sick so that the baby's not sick.
Makes sense. Makes sense. Completely understandable. Makes fair.
That was like, I just totally did that thing from Mean Girls where the guy goes, gruel.
I meant to say great, and I thought cool, and it came out as gruel.
I did that whole sounds fair and makes sense. It makes fair. It makes fair.
I'm broken tonight. You know what I blame? Dark Sakura comes back to the show tonight.
Don't blame me.
You know, she was off last week. No, I'm going to blame you for this.
And she brings with her, what does she bring? She brings a flask because that's how she rolls.
And in that flask, she's like, I made my own liquor. Check that out.
To elaborate, I have this hobby lately that's infusing vodkas with different flavors.
And what a hobby.
And I did.
You know, some people crochet. I do that too.
I'm totally into hooking.
You've seen what I've made. Anyway.
You should totally infuse vodka with the flavor of vodka. You can call it yo dog.
That's a good one. That's a good one. No.
I did two batches. One was infusing a dark chocolate bar, and the other one was infusing coffee.
Right. Because you know me and coffee.
And I finally ended up mixing the two together, and it's so good.
It is pretty good. It's like mochas.
It is. It's mocha vodka. And I only use potato vodka because I hate grain vodka.
It just tastes not like vodka to me, you know? So I use potato vodka.
And also with the extra filtering, it comes out a little bit higher grade than when it started.
Right.
So I brought a flask over to share with some of my favorite dudes.
Well, always drink responsibly, kids. It's very important.
Unless you're me, you put it in your coffee, and then you drive for the show.
An hour later, an hour later.
Here with us tonight, who is drinking Mountain Dew Code Red,
because he's got to drive back to San Francisco a little later on.
So that's his hard course he's going to get tonight.
Say hello, everybody, to Jason.
Have to drive back to San Francisco on about two to three hours of sleep.
Did they win that game? Alan told me they were winning that game.
Broncos won. I haven't revisited 49ers game yet.
So as much as I don't really always bring up sports ball on the show,
and to be fair, I don't like to talk about award shows either,
because every single one of them gets in the way on Sunday nights.
Not that you're scorned or anything.
If they won the game, we may have to get out the inflatable bed.
Ooh. Yeah, I may not be able to make it back over that bridge back into San Francisco tonight.
They may have actually burned it down, Jason. You might be.
I will be checking the news legitimately before I go back tonight,
because if we win, we riot. If we lose, we riot.
So, you know, something's going down tonight.
I do have a spare bed. Just saying.
Wait, wait, wait. You're talking the Raiders or the Niners?
Niners. Raiders didn't make playoffs. This is a playoff championship.
Well, they'll still riot anyways. You know, they'll riot by proxy.
Loki, there doesn't need to be a contingency plan, because the Raiders never win anything.
We all understand that.
I understand that, but, you know, they want to get in on the rioting.
Not to mention I don't technically drive into Oakland, so I just skirt the danger zone.
You just clip by. You just clip by.
All right, Alan says right now it's 20 to 17 Seattle.
It is 20 to 17 Seahawks. Ten minutes to go in the fourth.
He might get a losing riot. You're right, that would actually be worse,
because a winning riot, people still have to save their energy for Super Bowl Sunday,
but a losing riot, they're going to get it all out tonight.
You know what kind of riot I'm having? A laugh riot.
Cough riot, actually.
You know, if only a certain game company would just let all their assets ride on the Seahawks.
You're doing okay.
Look, look, look. Bonds006 in the chat says,
The reason I am here is to avoid football. All right, look, I understand.
Except for Tecmo Super Bowl. That's the one exception we grant.
Yes, Tecmo Super Bowl. Super High Impact would be an exception as well.
NFL Blitz.
Yeah, NFL Blitz is acceptable too. All that would be just fine.
So, getting things back on course, if her voice drops anymore,
she's going to be rivaling my job all of a sudden.
I know, right? She'll have to do the intro.
You're listening to Orange On's radio.
Too bad I just did that intro for Hoard House a week ago.
You would have been perfect for that. Oh well.
Anyway.
Except a week ago I had no voice.
I thought you said you liked mine.
I do, I do. But you do all the intros.
I don't have a problem with that. You used to do all the intros.
To register participation for Orange On's radio.
Wait, wait, don't throw them off. I should plug that real quick while I have a chance.
Then we'll get into our kickoff topic.
But, you know, we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern
at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
And that's right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, which is another great show about gaming here on the network.
And lots of great geek programming throughout the week at vognetwork.com.
But one thing that makes us kind of unique is that you can actually check into the shows.
So if you're actually listening live tonight, head over to vognetwork.com.
You can actually click the little link, check in, you get five VoG points for checking into the site.
But if you are listening in the podcast, you still get a chance to get those points.
Because somewhere during the show, we're going to have a little, you'll hear a little noise.
It goes doo doo doo doo doo doo. And then it says to register participation, you get a keyword.
So you take that word, you go put it in the front page of vognetwork.com and it's just like you were listening live.
So for example, what if the keyword was vagina?
Yes, if the keyword was vagina.
You would type in vagina on the check-in site.
Yes, that's exactly how it works.
But it's never anything as sexy as vagina.
It isn't.
We did have ball last week.
We did have ball one week. Yes, we did.
Which we can say now because if you use that word now, it ain't going to do shit.
It has indeed expired.
I just want to know the day we get dongle because I want to record that shit.
Okay, but here's the good news. Here's the good news.
If you check into the shows, whether it be live, whether it be on tape or whatever it is,
if you check into the shows, then you are eligible for the raffle.
Now, it's an opt-in raffle.
You're not automatically entered because we don't believe in, unlike Google, we don't automatically opt people into things.
You have to elect.
Yes, so if you go to vognetwork.com, you can actually enter the raffle.
This month, we're actually giving away a three-month subscription to either Netflix Instant Streaming or Hulu Plus.
What a great little way to enhance your game console by catching up on whatever TV show you want to watch.
You can watch Scandal on Hulu Plus, you can watch Doctor Who on Netflix, whatever you want to do.
Orange is the New Black or any other myriad of entertaining original shows.
You choose, but it's got to be one of the two.
Last month, things got crazy because we gave away a gift card and everybody was like,
well, can we get a gift card for Google Play?
Okay, okay, look.
I want a gift card for Macy's.
Maybe next month. Here's the catch.
Sadly, it's U.S. residents only and I'm very sorry to the folks overseas.
We're not purposely trying to screw you guys.
The problem is that we're not allowed to buy here in the U.S. the codes for you guys overseas.
It's ridiculous, but it is what it is.
Hopefully, in future months, we will have more inclusive raffles.
Last month, I think we tried to do one all-inclusive.
I am not making the moon noise from Sherlock.
So I can't get a three-month subscription for like browsers or something like that?
No, you get Netflix or you get Hulu Plus.
You get A or B.
But the other good news is that you might be like, I already have both of them or I already have one.
You can actually use the code to just...
It's on us for three months.
It'll be on us for three months. That'll be really cool.
So that's one less thing out of your pocket.
You can use the money to buy, I don't know, like a $20 download game or something.
Here you go.
And if you don't win the raffle, you lose!
You get nothing! Good day, sir!
No, you get loot at vognetwork.com.
And what does the loot do?
It increases your EP.
What does the loot say?
One little bit.
Shut up.
Nothing. It's loot.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Let's move on.
We got to get into tonight's kickoff topic because some people are here wanting to hear...
Bonz006 tuned in because he wanted to hear video game chat.
He didn't want to hear football.
He didn't want to hear me talking about Netflix and Hulu Plus.
Live.vognetwork.com where you can have a voice as we talk about video games.
Jamie going to start us off tonight with quite the whopper of a story that's making its way around the internet tonight.
Yeah, and there is talk about the particular situation that Nintendo is in.
Especially in regards to their big leading console, the Wii U.
And it seems that the Wii U has underperformed by how they had anticipated it would.
And they have cut their sales forecast by about 70%.
Is it a flop?
Some say yeah.
Nintendo doesn't think so.
They're not going to say, oh no, we flopped.
Nintendo is fine and making money.
We've even said they have pulled up with the 3DS.
They're still holding treading water.
So Nintendo has not flopped.
But what about the system?
Also, and very important to say, I'm so glad you bring that up.
Because one of the particular articles that was going around, because it was right on the front page of Yahoo and so forth.
I think the site was TechCrunch or something said.
The headline was Nintendo admits Wii U has flopped.
They said nothing of the sort.
Well, TechCrunch did, but Nintendo said nothing of the sort.
I take a big issue with that.
You can't sugar coat these sales numbers, that's not what I'm trying to do.
Has the Wii U flopped from an opinion perspective?
It's not doing as well as it should be, that's for darn sure.
But to say that Nintendo said it flopped?
No.
Nintendo is a stubborn motherfucker.
They are not going to admit that their system flopped.
They're going to spin these numbers.
They're going to talk about new strategy.
They're going to do whatever they can.
Can you imagine Reggie Fils-Aime getting out there and saying, well, we flopped.
No, it's not going to happen.
That we fucked up.
Sorry guys, we fucked up.
No, it's not going to happen at all.
Sound the click whore alarm.
I would like to disagree with Alan saying the Wii U is the new Saturn.
Because Saturn was a lot fucking cooler.
Just saying.
And I got something to say as well about everybody that's saying,
Welp, it's time for Nintendo to jump ship and make a Mario game on mobile phone.
Nope.
Or Nintendo is going the way of Sega.
Nope.
It took Sega a good three consoles before they were finally throwing the towel.
One is not going to ruin Nintendo.
Oh yeah?
Iwata is saying that they are looking into smart devices to grow, as he says, the game player business.
His quote is, it's not as simple as enabling Mario to move on a smart phone.
Of course, Microsoft and Sony already did look into the game player business.
Because they both have second screen and that's the big hoopla this year.
Tablet and phone second screen to the console.
Honestly, in my opinion, Nintendo's biggest problem right now is they just need to get out of their bunker that they're in.
I mean, that bunker served them very well in the era of the Wii, but it's not working out so well.
And I think back to the story on Eurogamer, whether you want to take it or leave it, about the development of the Wii U.
Where the executive said, oh we've never tried Xbox Live. Really?
Nothing served Nintendo well with the Wii except for Circumstance.
Nintendo did not make the Wii a good console.
Honestly. Like, am I wrong in saying that the Wii was not exactly like you think of your favorite gaming console?
With the one single exception of a unique control method, the Wii was not exactly outstanding when it came out.
I got really bored with my Wii after a week.
Performance, titles, and everything else.
Well, no, because Super Mario Galaxy would like to say hello.
It was not a launch title.
No, it wasn't a launch title.
It was two years into the system.
Yes.
Zelda was.
And it was something that buoyed up the system all those years later.
But, I think I've made this point a couple of times on the show.
Wii Fit, Jason. Wii Fit.
I'll do, I'll, no, no, no, I completely agree with that, but I know I've made this point a number of times.
The Wii was not a successful gaming device. It was not.
It was a exciting entertainment device.
It was what you lend to your in-laws so they can play bowling.
I, I, I kind of can't with, I can't with that comment, Jason, because it is the highest selling system of all time period.
That is a fact you cannot dispute.
Because, because people that have never bought any other console now had a reason to do so.
Which is where the bunker served Nintendo well.
No. No, that was circumstance. That was not, like, Nintendo, Nintendo makes fun, easy, accessible games.
That is the truth of them in their entire history.
Going back to card games and everything else, pre, pre-digital games.
The Wii was not designed to find the success that it did.
It's just that Wii Sports using their mantra in style was exciting and benefited so many people because of,
you grab a remote, you push a button, you figure out how to play and you go to it.
Wii Sports, especially considering that Wii Sports was the top selling game of all time, was never sold.
That is the very definition of a system seller, but not to the regular purchasers of consoles.
Like, my, my, my biggest problem, tablets for all of their excitement are not exactly the things that, that people go to because they're tablets.
They go for them because they're low maintenance and you just open it up, press a button and start tapping on the screen.
People don't give a shit that the Wii U has a, has a, has a gamepad. It's worthless.
The Wii found attraction, not gaming. That's why it took off.
And if they're going to map, if they're going to chart their course, their outlook for the Wii U based off the Wii,
they're going to fail miserably and that's where we are.
But I feel like you're trying to say that we did not have great gaming experiences on it.
Oh, of course it did.
It did, yeah.
And it was unable to do so because of the runaway response it got at the start of the generation.
But Zelda was a launch title.
If, if I may interject.
Yeah, sure.
There, there is something to say though for both Microsoft and Sony biting off the concept of the Wii.
LOL move.
Yeah, with the move, which was I guess okay.
The move wasn't that bad, honestly. I think it worked a lot better than the Wii and Wii remote did.
Which technically I would say bolsters my argument a little bit more.
Sony tried the same thing and they never reached critical acclaim with it because they had nothing to attract people to use it.
Because Sony didn't know how to make a game for it.
And the Kinect I think is more of an expansion of the same thing.
It's like how, you know, people sort of reversed the, uh, the Wiimote to do like the head tracking devices and similar things.
I think that sort of, you know, and Microsoft I think has had a history of being good at taking an okay idea that's out there.
And turning it around into something that's been a little bit better.
Um, so they did what they do best.
They, they bit and made it better.
Um, as honestly as what I think the Kinect in its true essence is.
It's sort of a reverse Wiimote where you're bringing the events of the outside world in instead of just affecting what's on the inside world.
Absolutely.
I don't know. So far the, like, Kinect enabled games that are coming out at launch for the Xbox One.
So far the only ones that are actually any good were Just Dance and, you know, the exercise stuff that's on Xbox Fitness.
So once again they're stuck in that rut where those are the only games that end up working out for the Kinect.
It's just basically a big old gimmick again.
Which coincidentally were the best games on the Kinect for the 360 as well.
And I also think that the selling point of the Wii is watching Rob play Just Dance Abba.
Okay. Our chat room is blowing up as you can imagine over at live.vognetwork.com.
I've got to get some of these other voices out there with some of the feedback.
WhatupG says Nintendo went after a different audience with Wii.
Agree with that for sure.
Alan Alchemy says as awful as mandatory Kinect. Jason's shaking his head over there.
Alan Alchemy says as awful as mandatory Kinect is and Microsoft refusing to let it go, I must commend them for working hard on making the technology be something gamers want.
Not that they're doing a good job.
Sony put out the move as an obvious the Wii but hardcore accessory and then immediately forgot about it.
Let's see.
WhatupG says Zelda on Wii was made for GameCube and Tech 2030 follows it up saying I feel like Zelda was a tacked on launch title.
The game was much better on the GameCube.
Yeah it was totally a GameCube port.
Sorry Logi.
Rama says the Wii was a successful console with one hell of a gimmick that Microsoft and Sony jumped on.
Akuma JP says I'm sorry but I have to say this since I never interested in the Wii, I was born with a Wii and I still use it.
Oh I see what you did there. It's still that damn name isn't it?
It's still that damn name.
Anyhow sorry Logi go ahead and get your thought out.
Oh I was going to say even though I still don't think people want the Kinect.
To be honest I think a lot of people just don't give a shit about it.
And at least Sony kind of tried something with the move.
They supported it with a lot of their first person shooters and stuff.
The only way that they supported Kinect with anything that Microsoft did was voice commands for Halo or something like that.
Or crappy head tracking of Forza.
It just doesn't work.
That being said I've been very very polite about the fact that this article came out.
I know it's very easy for me to make all sorts of jokes.
But honestly it's not that big of a surprise that their sales numbers are down.
Because one there's just no games coming out for the system.
I mean yeah there are some first party games but third parties have pretty much jumped ship for the system.
And it's not getting any better in 2014 I can tell you that much.
So it's going to be a big struggle for them to regain some of that console market.
My opinion was I say they just stick with the handhelds because they're rocking on the 3DS.
I mean there's tons of stuff coming out there and that's a great platform.
And hey why not play both fields. You can have the first party and third party.
I'd love to see some Mario games come to other platforms.
I think that would be pretty cool.
Just a couple more comments from our chatroom at live.vognetware.com.
Bonds006 says we got the big numbers because it was sold to people who were not regular system buyers.
I agree with that.
100% that is my only point.
And the very first comment you read about Nintendo targeting a different audience for the Wii is 100% incorrect.
But Jason the only problem with that idea that it was only sold to people that didn't buy consoles in the first place is that their software tie ratio.
Because that was going to be my argument.
It's like well only people bought it for Wii Sports or something.
Their software tie ratio was not that different than the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 for example.
The Wii software tie ratio kind of globally was 9% or I guess 9.05 maybe not 9%.
So 9 games per system were sold on average versus the Xbox 360 which is 10 and 3 quarters.
And the PlayStation 3 was about 9 and 3 quarters.
So it's not that different.
Let me shift gears here a little bit because it's only a 3 hour show and we could have this debate all night.
But I want to get this story out because I had a little bit of a moment of clarity today.
Because I think when a lot of people talk about oh Nintendo should go mobile, Nintendo should go online.
I think there's a lot of people thinking oh Nintendo should copy Xbox Live or PlayStation Network and have something that robust.
Or Nintendo should put Mario on the iPhone and so forth.
I think that's where people's heads go.
But I don't think that's necessarily true.
And you know especially tonight I'm usually the one that will defend Nintendo in these situations and so forth.
Because I do still I think it says a lot that yes Nintendo only put out a handful of games last year for the Wii U.
But at least one of them showed up on every single person's top 10 list and usually it was multiple games that showed up there.
So you can't deny Nintendo makes the games that hardcore gamers and soccer moms alike want to play.
So that's you know something big.
But they need to get out of this bubble is the biggest problem.
And here's the moment of clarity I had today.
It's not necessarily that they need to copy Xbox Live.
It's not that they need to copy mobile phones.
Here's an example where Nintendo not going online and going mobile phones I think did them bad.
And it's not the obvious thing but these are the types of things that Nintendo has to do.
Okay out with it already.
I spent $60 on a new device today.
And it's a very hip little thing and a lot of people have them.
And it's kind of the craze right now.
And when I bought it there was a part of me that said I feel like I've bought one of these before.
Like I feel like I've had something like this before that's supposed to do the exact same thing but yet here I am buying it again.
What is it Jason?
I have three of these in my pockets on me right now.
I have a different model. I have a Fitbit.
The new iPhone 5S has a motion coprocessor so it can act as a pedometer as well with the appropriate software.
And our 3DS's.
Right so okay.
Pedometers.
Exactly they're all pedometers but here's the thing in particular about Fitbit.
And even before the 3DS integrated that whole thing as well which is another great example where Nintendo could have had this.
They could have bottled it and they didn't and that's where they failed.
It's a little too large but make your point.
Okay remember back on the Game Boy Advance.
They sold this game and it was called something like Everybody Walks or something like that.
It was on the Game Boy.
No it might have been the regular DS.
It was either the Advance or the DS.
I apologize I can't remember which off the top of my head because there wasn't exactly really a game there.
All it was was a little pedometer that you carried around.
It was the DS.
It was the DS thank you.
It was a little pedometer that you carried around in your pocket.
And at the end of the day you turn on this game and transmit the data from the pedometer into the little system.
And you can track the number of steps you took in a day.
And the game is looking at this little chart.
You could connect online to see how much has America walked to the moon.
Oooh ahh.
Okay.
It's like Noby Noby Boy but with an actual return.
It was this thing that was like in and out in like a couple months.
But this all came at the height of Wii Fit Mania.
This was, everybody was crazy about Wii Fit.
And this was kind of like, this was Nintendo's attempt to bottle some of that on the DS.
Was to put out this everybody walks game.
My point is, Nintendo was sitting on Fitbit.
They could have had this.
If they would embrace online.
If they would embrace smart phones.
Because where did Fitbit succeed?
Fitbit tapped into Facebook.
It turned it into a game.
It turned it into something you want to motivate your friends to do.
It was more of a robust experience.
Where you have this website where you track your calories and get plans.
If Nintendo would get out of their bunker and open up their eyes to online and the things you could do.
They could have made everybody walks Fitbit.
That's my point.
Was everybody walks third party?
I don't believe so.
Somebody can feel, can correct me.
You're getting two games confused.
There was one that was actually a fitness game that was, or fitness application that was on the DS.
That was by Nintendo.
Then there was this really shitty game that came out from Konami that was on the Wii.
Where you walked in place.
I am not talking about the Konami game.
I am talking about the advanced game.
Do you remember what the name of that was?
I can look it up. I don't remember.
Nintendo Personal Trainer Walking.
Thank you.
Personal Trainer Walking or whatever it was.
You guys got the point of what I was talking about.
Now the 3DS, they liked this idea so much they built it into the 3DS.
I didn't know that on the original DS it actually came with an accessory to track that.
I had no idea.
See?
And the 3DS has this built in.
But can you go, why do you carry the 3DS in your pocket?
You get coins because you want to get higher kiddies and find me, right?
Which is okay.
That's a little bit of innovation.
But it's still within the Nintendo bubble.
Online leaderboards, motivation, cheering people on that can be pushed to people's 3DSs.
Just like it is with the Fitbit and the iPhone.
Nintendo could have that.
They don't.
Now that the 3DS actually has the Nintendo network and that's a little bit more flexible.
The horizon is broadening.
Nintendo seems more cooperative than competitive though.
Wow.
You know what would be even better with Fitbit?
Is if you could mine Bitcoins by exercise.
People have probably hacked the Fitbit to do that so I wouldn't put that out of the question.
But anyway, I guess that was kind of the point I was trying to make.
Is that this isn't necessarily about Nintendo has to put Mario on the iPhone.
But this is about Nintendo needs to be more aware with how they can work with some of these other technologies that are already out there.
I don't know if somebody wants, maybe somebody wants to refute my point which is fine.
Or add to something similar.
I don't know, Jason?
I, obviously they attempted to do so.
I keep glancing around Jamie's head and I'm staring at the lovely little Wii U gamepad chilling on your setup over there.
They obviously tried to.
Oh, tablets are the next big thing.
Let's give you a 4 inch screen that you can do, to their credit, very interesting things on.
You have been playing, my recollection of it is that you have been playing NES Remix purely on the gamepad.
And you had to switch it back to the TV only for the fact of me being able to actually see it.
They're doing interesting things.
All of them, no, not even by a long shot.
But they're doing interesting things, they have new technology, they are working on improving it.
The 3DS was improved to the point that it can access a reasonably modern network service.
You know, something new was backported to an old system.
They try.
Do they miss the mark?
Yes.
Is that rooted in Japanese culture versus American culture?
I want to say yes, but I don't actually know, so maybe I shouldn't say that.
But it's, it's not necessarily just a straight up gold mine because people have to know about it and understand it and be willing to make the investment to do it.
I really, I really feel, I don't mean to bring the conversation back to me, but I really feel that my point still applies.
Nintendo has been doing the same thing all along.
They just had a nearly viral runaway hit, and they're trying to continue that forward, but it doesn't work that way.
I want to point out, before we get the email saying, Rob, you forgot to talk about XYZ because I'm getting messages in chat and so forth,
is that Wii Fit U actually does have this pedometer thing with it as well, and it's the big thing where you can actually go in and do that.
I kind of think they're doing...
You mean syncing a 3DS to a Wii U and...
No, there's actually a little Wii Fit U pedometer.
Yet another accessory.
That's the whole little thing, is that now Nintendo's, excuse me, but I feel Nintendo is trying to copy something they should have had in the first place.
I feel like Nintendo's trying to copy the whole Fitbit thing, although that should have been theirs to own in the first place.
But I kind of feel like, A, they're not doing a very good job selling it that way because I plain forgot until you guys started sending me messages about it,
which says a lot that I do a gaming enthusiast show, and I didn't, I totally forgot that that thing came with a pedometer.
And B, I bet 10 to 1, the online experience with your Wii Fit U pedometer ain't anything like it is on Fitbit.
Not to mention the fact that you have to boot up a console and boot up a game to be able to do anything with it, where the Fitbit phone plus computer just happens.
Bingo. What was the first big problem with Wii U as a whole that they had to fix? It was too fucking slow.
And has that actually changed?
Well, it's not as fast as it should be, but to be fair, PlayStation 4 isn't instant either, but it's a lot quicker.
This is the same argument that we had with the handoff with Bobby about Netflix and Hulu versus On Demand in cable boxes.
The interface and the implementation are just completely different and serve the same goal in two very different ways.
One of them is terrible, some people put up with it anyways, one of them, in our opinion, is not.
More comments in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Akuma JP says,
Sky, big companies don't usually innovate. It's not that they didn't think about it, but it is the way big companies work.
I have to tell you also, my friend, I have a friend that works in Nagoya, who was actually just complaining on Facebook today,
that as much as companies need to innovate to grow, she's really disillusioned by the stagnant corporate cultures in Japan.
That there is such an adverse, this is what I'm trying to think of, that generally change is looked upon as dangerous and will damage the business,
when we've seen in practice that more companies that innovate tend to either be highly successful or suffer really badly for it.
It's that level of risk.
This is actually a very complimentary point. You cannot trust something new to maintain the level.
Companies have to grow. If they want more, if they want to do more, they have to grow.
They have to get more money, hire more staff, make more investments.
And a big company cannot rest on redoing everything.
So big companies cannot make these landslide changes to say,
well, we're done with this product because it's completely tapped out, let's come up with a new one.
It's not necessarily going to be successful. And then you're going to have to shutter 80% of your workforce and start all over again.
But great things in gaming do come from risks. I mean, let's look at Guitar Hero.
Tell that to Halo 4.
Well, here's the thing. With Guitar Hero, obviously part of our big history as music gamers, Konami should have had Guitar Hero.
Konami was sitting on Guitar Hero. They didn't want to take the risk to put out in the US and get the license that they needed to make it successful.
For the last six years, they've still barely done anything.
They literally have made their game look better.
Discounting Rock Revolution, as far as Guitar Freaks itself, they've had six years to do something with it.
And as far as I've been able to tell, they literally haven't.
Activision ruined music games for a good long while.
Activision pooped in the pool, and so it's going to take a while before music games.
Like, where's Disney Fantasia evolved?
Harmonix is waiting on it a little longer. It'll be out later this year when it can be distanced a little more from all the other music games.
Because Harmonix does make good stuff.
Well, it seems to me that this is a danger in letting a company get too big.
And having them become these all-encompassing giants where it stops being about the consumer market and becomes more about the bottom line.
So that's why I think it goes back to why we're seeing a bigger surge in independent developers that are making the games that people actually want to play.
You know, instead of, yeah, maybe they want to pool in enough revenue so that they can make the next big game or stay ahead of water or, you know, pay their bills.
But when it becomes all about greed, then I think that it's time to cut them in half.
I do want to get to our chat room for just a couple more comments.
And I do want to try to wrap this conversation up because, again, we can spend all three hours on this point.
I do invite, I know some of you are very passionate on this topic. Maybe you disagree with what we're saying and you want to send feedback.
Please do. It is the show where every gamer has a voice. Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
I want to also get into a few chat comments here because there's one in particular I really want to respond to.
Oh, here it is. Tiger Claw on chat says, Rob, what if Nintendo were to put out an app on the iPhone and Android that allows you to access the Miiverse like you do on your desktop browser?
Exists.
Well, it's coming. The Miiverse app, so to speak, is being made.
Miiverse is accessible on the web.
It is accessible on the web and it does have a mobile-friendly site, so you can bring it up in the mobile phone.
It's not all of the features of Miiverse by far, like the ability of the Xbox 360 and Xbox One, two. I bought this. Start downloading remotely.
Here's the thing. Miiverse ain't going to fucking fix Nintendo. We need to get, I mean, Miiverse does do some neat things. It's neat.
But it's not like, you know, I don't think that's the answer to Nintendo's problems.
Here's the iPhone-Android app Nintendo should make. I'm going to throw a crazy idea out there. Take it or leave it.
What's Nintendo big on? Nintendo's big on, you know, they resist online play because they want everybody to be in the same room and do the parties in the room and do, you know, playing with your friends in the same place.
Mario Party epitomized.
Something like that. I think Nintendo should do an app that helps you organize Nintendo parties, which could include maybe unlock things that work in the Wii U games or, you know, some type of interaction there to make people really want to download it and check it out.
But the real true functionality of the app is to like, oh, let me pull up my Facebook friends list and I'm going to have a Mario Party, Mario Kart 8 party on Friday at 8 o'clock and I want to invite these friends and it's going to send them a reminder, don't forget to bring your gamepad and all this stuff.
Like, you know, you guys might think I'm crazy or whatever, but that, I kind of think that's the thing where Nintendo needs to go is new ideas that interact with the technology that's out there, not just Miiverse on your fucking phone.
That invitation could include pictures of penises.
I was going to say two words. Pictochat pedophiles. Pictochat predators.
I agree with you.
Okay, but as my mobile phone as it is, Jason, I could open up my pants right now, take a picture of my penis and send it to you. I don't need an app to do that.
People don't care. And that's not the point. The point is that something that is largely targeted towards kids or families that have kids is unfortunately a common factor of attack.
I think if Snapchat can exist, Nintendo Party Planner can exist.
Parents don't open up Snapchat and give it to their kids.
No, I think that's the problem right there. Is this console, once again, remember with the Wii and, well, I don't know so much the Wii but like the GameCube.
At some point they decided, hey, you know what, we're getting the stigma of being like only a kid's console and that's it.
We need to really broaden out and have some more hardcore games and stuff like that to get people interested.
And that's what they promised, I think, with the Wii that ended up not happening. The Wii U.
And I just don't see that. And that's the problem. There's still a stigma that this is a very kid-safe console.
And they keep promoting that. But let's be honest. There's people that are dicks everywhere.
And honestly, it comes with the territory that when you're playing online games with people, they're gonna be dicks.
And guess what? Those dicks are kids.
Couple more comments here. Rama in chat says, what will fix the Wii U's sales? Decent fucking video games.
Mario 3D World would like to say hello. As would Zelda Twilight Princess HD. As would Pikmin 3.
That's awesome that they have first-party games. Where are the third-party games?
That's the problem with that comment. Nintendo doesn't need decent fucking video games. They have amazing fucking video games.
They need more fucking video games. That's the real problem. They gotta figure out how to get those third parties back.
And I really don't know what that is. I sorta think the online thing did a min.
I really truly think EA jumped ship because Wii U could not whore online the way they needed it to be hoarded.
I think that's 100% what it boils down to. Give me my tinfoil hat, please.
Numerous new titles that didn't have DLC on the Wii.
Well, that and I think that they switched over to running their games all pretty much on the same engine and that engine just doesn't run on the Wii U.
I mean, I think there's more politics involved with it, but it's not just EA that's not putting games on that system.
There's plenty of other publishers who are just like, eh, nah.
EA is still putting out pop-cap games like Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare on the Xbox 360. There's no reason that can't be on Wii U.
Kegel 2 is on Xbox One, guys!
There's no reason that can't be on Wii U.
Can Battlefield 4 be on Wii U? No, but is EA withholding things intentionally from Wii U? Yes.
Alright, I think that's about it for now. We could go on and on with this forever.
But I'm sure you guys have feedback.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com. This is a very contentious topic.
Quickly, before we get into our gaming ways and the types of things that we've been playing, let's go around the table real quick.
What do you think, quickly, Nintendo can do to turn these numbers around?
Because even the most hardcore Nintendo fanboy, it's really hard to sugarcoat what's happening with the Wii U.
So, what do you think Nintendo can do to, I don't necessarily want to say to make Wii U's, but what can Nintendo do to have a more favorable report next year?
I don't know. I really don't know. I can't see them doing anything new. So, I really don't have an idea.
Jason?
Don't gauge Wii U expectations based off the Wii.
Loki?
They're going to need to drop the price of that big time. Big time.
Because they just don't have the games to support it right now, so they can't promise more.
Like, for example, I looked at, you know, the IGN ran a thing, I think it was IGN, that had like, you know, the games of 2014.
And I gotta say, 90% of those games are TBA date games. Like, okay, Bayonetta 2, that should come out this year.
Does it have a date yet? Nope. Does that mean it's going to come out this year?
I hate to sound fanboy, but I honestly think this is the only way to save the Wii U, and I really think this is a cliche thing to say, but I really do think it's the answer.
Nintendo needs to drop the price of the Wii U to $149, and the way they're going to do it is they're going to cut the tablet.
The tablet is now an accessory and not a mandatory device. You don't need that tablet to play Mario 3D World, which is still a great gaming experience.
And a lot of people I talk to do.
I still think that, I'm the exception, unfortunately, and these numbers prove it.
I can agree with that.
So, I mean, it would be great that the tablet is optional for those that want it. I think Nintendo should still push a bundle that has it all included.
But they're going to, if they want to save the Wii U in particular, they're going to need to cut the tablet and really emphasize the, you know, $149 to really get these things moving.
Throw in Mario 3D World if you have to for free. I know that might be a huge hit for Nintendo, but they don't have a lot of options right now.
And the console could still flourish via Mario Kart 8, via Bayonetta 2, via Super Smash Brothers, via New Zelda.
All these games, I kind of have a feeling, aren't going to need the tablet that much either, and will still work.
Let the 3DS be a second screen if need be, you know, or whatever it takes.
Here's the thing too, also with that, like you mentioned Smash Brothers, that's another problem with them too, is these games that are coming out, they're not necessarily just on the Wii U.
Like Smash Brothers, I don't need to buy a Wii U to have that game, I could get a 3DS.
And I don't think that's helping.
Yeah, Jason, final thought on this.
I'm still going to buy a Wii U this year.
I've always meant to. I've always wanted to.
I think it's an important thing to note, despite what you said earlier.
I wasn't, nothing I said was deriding Nintendo. Not a single thing was anti-Nintendo.
This is how I see what they've done with their console.
I 100% plan on buying a Wii U, money permitting.
That's the only reason I don't have one already.
I wouldn't say I come from a place of anti-Nintendo either.
Neither of us were.
But I get fucking frustrated with them sometimes.
I get real fucking frustrated with them sometimes.
I'll buy a Wii U.
Rob, to go back to how you were saying there's games that EA could be putting on the Wii U
and one of those being Plants vs. Zombies.
As I figured, Frost sprite 3 is what it uses.
That can't run on the Wii U.
That's the same engine that runs Battlefield 4.
But it's on the Xbox 360?
And it's on the Xbox 360.
Those engines can run on the Xbox 360, same with Ignite.
But they can't run on the Wii U.
It's so underpowered, it can't run those.
And that's why you're going to see a lot of these games not coming.
It could be that they're totally fine with porting it over,
but they just don't have an engine that that game can run on
because it doesn't run on the system.
It's not enough power.
Even though they said that that thing was more powerful than the Xbox 360.
Get my tinfoil hat ready.
Get my tinfoil hat ready because, Loki, I'm going to be honest,
my reaction to that is that this is coming from EA.
And I'm sure that Frostbite engine won't run on Wii U,
just like SimCity won't be an offline game.
Done and done.
Very good.
Let's get into our gaming weeks.
And we're going to talk about the types of video games
that we've been playing this week, no matter what engine they use.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
Since I spent most of this week ridiculously sick,
I haven't done a lot of gaming.
I played Animal Crossing, which I even skipped.
I skipped my first day of Animal Crossing, Rob,
when I was doing nothing but sleeping.
And then I played a little Fractal.
That's about it.
Oh, and I started Bioshock Infinite.
Oh, what do you think of the Bioshock Infinite so far?
It's so...
It's per day.
Yeah, I love the environments.
It's so great.
Yeah.
Great little...
I'm pretty pleased so far.
I just have to play in small increments
because I get emotion sick.
So that's all I've done, mostly, like I said,
is just being sick and not, you know,
having a lot of energy to sit up and play.
I'm the opposite, because when I'm sick
is when I get my most gaming done.
Well, usually if I'm sick, I'm fine to sit up and do stuff.
You know, I'm really a push-through-it kind of person.
But whatever it is that I have, or got over, I should say,
Dan's got it now, has just been exhausting.
I'll sit up for a couple hours.
I'll sleep four.
I'll be up another couple hours.
I'll sleep another four.
And apparently other people who've had the same thing
have felt the same way I have.
You know, I think Victoria and Bobby both have it.
Not Bobby Blackwell.
Other from Bobby.
Yeah, Barbara.
Yeah.
They were Disneyland sick.
That was...
I hope they don't have an H1N1,
which they say is that the flu strain
is going around right now.
Is it?
Well, they talk about how they have the flu
and how crappy they feel.
I'm like, they probably have H1N1.
I didn't know that was going around again.
Yeah, oh yeah.
Well, whatever it was that I had,
I mean, well, keep in mind, when I had swine flu,
I only felt mildly sick too.
And sorry I gave it to you.
Yeah, I know, I know.
But I mean, I just, you know,
didn't really feel much like playing anything.
So I played my few things.
I can understand.
Sleep is good when you're sick.
All right.
Let's go over...
Sleep is good all the time.
What are you talking about?
Let's go over to Jason.
I want to check in with you again.
Which by the way, Jason,
even though we promised we wouldn't talk a lot about football,
I think I do owe Jason the PSA of saying that,
prepare for sad riots tonight because...
So says Bobby Blackwell.
Let's see what SSG100 Matt said.
SSG100 Matt says,
so it's the Seattle Betty Whites versus the Denver Betty Whites
and the Betty White Bowl in two weeks.
Yes.
And what's also very important is that...
Featuring puppies.
You have...
And lingerie.
You have the Washington team and the Colorado team.
The two states that legalized marijuana this season.
Going to the marijuana bowl.
They're going to smoke the Super Bowl.
They're going to smoke the Super Bowl.
In New Jersey where they're probably going to cause it to burn down.
I sent a message to my coworker and said,
let me know if the bridge burns down and I won't be able to make it back in, please.
Oh, that wouldn't happen in New Jersey because they'd just close it.
So I checked out this game this week that...
It's kind of a godsim where you play a single character,
so maybe not so much a godsim,
where you're able to make goals at any point in time,
but then energy level and various other resources can determine
whether or not you'll actually be able to fulfill those goals.
This is, by the way, a 100% lie.
Games like this don't exist.
That was just my week.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to work on the video tonight.
Oh, wait, it's 3 a.m. and I'm still at the office socializing with coworkers
that I don't usually see, oops, Tuesday, same thing.
Wednesday, same thing.
Thursday, same thing.
Needless to say, I literally played nothing this week.
You don't play anything to pass the time when things get really crazy?
I don't have downtime.
There were 15 people in from out of town this week,
plus the fact that things are ramping up like normal,
like truly everybody's back from holidays and all that kind of stuff,
and there is enough going on as part of my mission to do as much as possible
while I'm in the area in Cannes.
I'm usually literally out with people constantly
and don't really know what they're doing.
All right, all right, all I hear are excuses.
I'm important and busy and I'm having fun.
No, I killed like eight hours last night finishing off a video and uploading it.
It's rather fun.
All right, all right, they're here to hear about video games.
Maybe Loki won't disappoint them with gaming week chat.
No, I guess.
So I played a lot of Minecraft this week
because I've been tweaking stuff on our server
and setting up plug-ins and that kind of thing.
So mainly I've been focusing on some of the Crackshot plug-ins,
which Crackshot allows you to add guns to Minecraft
and make some really interesting ones.
So I've been playing around with those. That's been kind of fun.
And then, let's see, I played a little bit of,
it was some Flash game.
I should say, not Flash, a Unity game called,
I want to say it was Catastrophe or something like that.
It's a first-person cat game
where you're supposed to knock things off shelves onto the floor.
I heard of that. That sounds awesome.
Yeah, it's pretty awesome and the guy has,
it's kind of like a little demo for that and stuff.
It's hilarious because all the graphics,
it reminds me a lot of Katamari.
They're very simple like that.
And just the whole premise seems kind of silly
because that's what my cat does.
And then I decided,
today I took Josh to Golfland
to go play some mini golf and stuff because he's never done that.
And I saw DDR there and of course he wouldn't let me play DDR
because he got scared of the Terminator gun game that was there.
Because he saw the Terminator on top of it
and I don't know, he got scared.
So I ended up, right before the show,
I drove down there and decided to play some DDR
on Max 2 and put in,
slipped on a card twice because hey,
I thought I was going to play a game of doubles
and you need to do that.
But then they had the mode where
it only takes one credit to play two player or doubles.
So I went ahead and did that and I found out it's four songs each.
So I started off like, yeah, I can do this.
I'm going to pick something a little easier
because I know I'm a little out of shape.
And then in the middle of my fourth song or whatever,
I swear my body was just pulling a Danny Glover saying,
you're getting too old for this.
I'm like, shut up, I'm going to play another set of songs.
About song three, I'm like, fuck this,
I don't want to play this anymore.
And then so the last one,
the last song, I was like,
oh yeah, I'm still going to play the last song.
I was like, I can't do this, my feet won't move.
So I had to hobble back out to my car afterwards.
It's funny though because I was like,
oh, I totally want to play DDR and after I was done,
I was like, I don't want to play DDR anymore.
But I don't know.
So that was that.
Did the state of the arcade
lead you to great sadness outside of DDR?
Honestly, the machine is working.
It's super loud.
I mean, holy crap, it's loud.
I wanted to have Josh try it
and he was afraid of it because it was too loud.
It was just like screaming ear.
There was a Disney rave there,
but it's turned off.
So I guess it's broken.
It didn't seem like it was in that bad of shape.
The pads seem to be working just fine.
It's amazing that those games
still make money all these years later.
Well, they have it marked down.
It's four songs, three doubles,
for 50 cents.
Still, I mean, it's a great moneymaker for the arcade.
Those machines have paid for themselves
five times over by now, I'm sure.
Probably, yeah.
All right. Well, if that's it for your gaming week,
I will quickly touch on my gaming week,
which I don't actually have a whole lot of new stuff to share,
just a couple games.
Of course, I've still been playing Final Fantasy XIV,
way too much of it,
and continuing to play some stuff on the PlayStation 4,
like Don't Starve,
which I continue to actually play a little bit on the PC this week
because Loki gifted me that copy some time ago,
which that version is...
It's pretty much the same thing on PlayStation 4,
but I was finding some slightly different stuff in it,
and it just has the different feel with the controller,
or with the keyboard,
as opposed to the controller and mouse and so forth.
But I will say this,
because I was a little harsh on Don't Starve last week
because of the fact that it doesn't have a tutorial mode,
and it doesn't really give you much...
It doesn't really tell you, like,
how to go about playing the game at all,
which I understand was a design choice,
but I just get really frustrated with games like that.
But I will say this,
after kind of figuring it out,
and watching more YouTubes,
and reading some FAQs on it and so forth,
I kind of went back now that I understand the game a little more,
and I'm actually having a lot more fun with it,
now that I kind of understand,
oh, okay, you gotta gather all this stuff
so you can try to start to make a little base,
and this is how you can get your food and so forth.
So it just...
It actually enhanced it a little bit,
of hand-holding you just a little bit,
because I think it did make it more fun and exciting,
although some will disagree with me there, and that's fine,
I just feel like I almost missed out on this game.
If I hadn't really gone to the PlayStation 4 live channel
and watched some other people play,
I don't think I would have kept going with it.
But now I'm glad I did, because I'm enjoying the game.
One other new game that I checked out this week,
because I decided to catch up on my Steam backlog a little bit,
so I bought a game during the sale,
I hadn't checked out, but I decided to check it out this week,
and that game is Guacamelee,
which is a game that's...
Melee.
I like Guacamelee, but fine, Guacamelee.
You can...
This game is kind of like a Super Metroid-esque type of game,
where you have the exploration and so forth,
but it has more beat-em-up style mechanics in it,
like I don't want to say it's like Double Dragon or something like that,
but I don't exactly remember Samus
kind of doing combos on people and uppercuts and all this stuff either,
so it's a very different type of feel, a game, when you're playing it.
But I gotta say, it's fucking great.
It is a fucking great game.
I am really, really enjoying the game.
Obviously, I love me some Super Metroid,
but it's not even just that.
I mean, yeah, that's a great skeleton for your game or whatever,
but I just love doing the combos
and actually being able to throw guys and other guys and all this.
Some of the puzzle mechanics get very interesting, too,
with the whole light world and the dark world
and constantly flipping back and forth between the two.
And I love the references, constant funny references,
to internet memes and other video games.
They are all over the place, and they're really funny,
and there's been so many that I've had to go,
oh, my God, Alan, look at this, look at this.
This is a riff on the oh, really, yeah, really, owl
from like ten years ago.
Or a walrus.
A walrus in his bucket.
No, I have not seen a walrus in his bucket yet,
but I wasn't really looking out for it either.
But I did see the Super Hermanos
with the red suit and the green suit,
kind of a riff on that.
And then in one of the backgrounds,
you can just very faintly see a Mega Man
cut out in the bricks.
There's just little references like that.
And they're not shy about it either
because you get your power-ups from,
I think they call them chorizo statues.
They call them a different name,
and it's just really funny.
But they look like they do in Metroid.
They don't even try.
But I love that. I love it.
And I know the game is really big
with speedrunners right now,
and I know it's going to come to PlayStation 4
at some point, and I'm really excited
because I love how the game is loud and vibrant,
the music's great, it's fast-paced,
and it's a Super Metroid clone on top of all that.
Honest to God, this is a great example
of why I can't ever, at the end of 2013,
say, here's the best video games that came out in 2013
because I just don't have time to play them all,
because if I had played this before December,
I would have put this in my top ten for sure.
This says PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Spring this year.
Yes, it is going to come out in some way.
Should you do a music game called Guaka Yooka-Laylee?
You never know.
I don't know if there's going to be DLC expansion,
but supposedly these other versions on PlayStation 4
and Xbox One are supposed to be expanded.
So yeah, the game is an awful lot of fun.
I really...
Rageinator, your joke completely fails
because Melee is fighting.
Um, 13 cross forever in our chat says,
Rob, you should try Mutant Blobs Attack.
I'll just have to put that on the list.
Tech2030 says, some intense platforming in that game.
Let's see.
That's actually an L.
Oh, ActDeft. Ooh, I love this.
ActDeft says, if we're saying it in Spanish, Rob is correct.
Guaka Mealy.
Melee isn't the...
Really?
I will trust what the Mexican listener of OLR says.
But it's a play on...
It's a portmanteau of Guaka Mealy and Melee.
What is the etymology of Melee?
What is that language rooted in?
I'll find out. I think it's Latin.
And Tigerclaw says, of course, since the game is inspired by Mexican culture.
And I gotta say, it's great.
Like, I love the environment and the way...
It's played off so well.
Just between the amazing soundtrack and the characters.
And the way they taught...
And you can see a lot of the inspiration from the culture as well.
It's great.
I mean, it's... Yeah.
I know I'm speaking very highly of this game, but it's for good reason.
It was old French, actually.
The word was melee.
But it was French.
Also, it does have a co-op mode, apparently.
Haven't even touched it yet.
But that just even kind of enhances the game.
Stream it! Stream it!
I probably will at some point.
I was going to, but another program was on when I was playing it.
So I didn't want to...
I don't like to broadcast at the same time as other bog shows.
Alright.
I lied. I did play stuff this week.
What did you play?
I don't remember...
I knew it.
I don't remember if I covered this when I was talking about the Xbox One last week.
I was showing a coworker that only has a PS4, the Xbox One.
I tried playing Forza and some very strange bugs started happening where we played one race and then could literally never play another one.
Because whenever they pressed start, it would take us back to the main menu screen.
And I played a four-person match of FIFA with other coworkers.
And it was fine, if not ridiculously confusing, because the camera cannot adjust for four people that well.
But yeah, more Xbox One stuff, being able to introduce more people to it and see their reactions to it.
More hilarity with testing out the Kinect and that kind of stuff.
More equivalent frustration when I realized that you cannot create an account on the Xbox One without binding it to a Microsoft account.
A Windows Live account, whatever the principle one is nowadays.
You cannot have... I assume you can have essentially silver accounts, whatever they're calling it now.
But it has to be signed on, authenticated, registered via Microsoft's authentication service.
Or a guest of another profile that is on the system.
But no local system accounts.
But yeah, just those two.
Gaming-wise, nothing new. Just a couple rounds with new people.
Also, being reminded of one other game I did play a little bit this week.
Code Man just joined our chatroom at live.fognetwork.com saying,
Rob, someone killed someone in your Minecraft sex dungeon.
Y'all need to stay the fuck out of my house on Minecraft.
Can I get an alarm installed in my house? Get out of my house!
That'd be a pretty cool mod, actually.
Unless I consensually invite you into the sex dungeon.
Stay out!
You can do that, actually.
Can I? I'm gonna put a...
We have World Guard on there.
You can block people from entering.
I need to think about that.
No, I don't mind the little jokes and things like that.
But let me have some creativity, too, people.
But actually, I will say this.
Here's what I've loved on the Minecraft vog server.
I've actually gone in and I've played.
So not only did they build that giant Normandy in front of your house, which is hilarious.
Somebody put, and I think this is Loki, put a giant penguin near my house.
I don't mind if you build stuff near my house, because the penguin actually cracked me up.
Because I was like, what the hell is this thing inside the penguin?
And Loki says, you put something on there and you pull the lever and it shoots it at its butt.
Yeah.
And I'm like, that's fucking amazing!
I gotta check that out.
And then I think it was Codeman or somebody built a giant moogle riding a chocobo behind my house.
So that's great, too.
Lots of awesome creativity on the Minecraft server.
I do have an odd question, though.
Can you incorporate other maps people have built into an existing map?
I don't think so, unless there's like a third-party copy-paste type of thing.
There is a third-party copy-paste thing.
You can load schematic files, which is how I created the Normandy and also the penguin.
Because I found a complete ocarina of time that someone built with all the buildings and the rooms and everything perfect.
I think that would be just really large.
A lot of times what they do with other maps and stuff is they'll have a hub part in a server,
and then they'll be running multiverse, but they'll have multiple servers with rooms that go to different things.
They'll have a pixel art room and all sorts of stuff like that.
So we could do that. I just don't know how much the server could really run.
I mean, it's meant to run up to 20 people at a time. We never get close to that, so maybe.
Right.
But I will say this. The creativity on the Minecraft server is pretty amazing.
That roller coaster, I don't know if that was you that built that, Loki.
That was awesome.
Yeah.
I sat in that and took a ride in that.
Except I had to put some extra minecarts on the track because they all got stuck in one part, but whatever.
Yeah, I fixed that earlier.
There was a plugin that had, it's called Craftbook, that had some stuff messed up where different blocks do different things to minecarts.
And so I had to disable all that.
Because I remember when I built the coaster the first time, I ran that same problem.
And I'm like, why is it not working?
I'm like, I know it's a plugin that's doing this.
And so I went into Craftbook and I'm like, oh, there it is.
So yeah, it should work now.
Awesome.
Is there a way to switch the perspective?
Because one time I was riding in the coaster and all I could see, like half of my screen was the cart.
Is there a way to?
That's a glitch, but yeah, you can change the perspective of your character.
I don't remember what it's set to.
Check that out.
Because I do mine through a gamepad.
I don't remember.
I'll look it up. I'll figure it out.
I do want to give props though, because I believe the Netherworld, I was very impressed with that as well.
And the whole transportation hub that's built under there.
And I think a lot of that was hitstun, right?
Yeah, that's pretty much all of him.
Dude, I'm pretty impressed with that little elaborate system that you built there.
That was something else to go in there and see that too.
So at some point I'll do a livestream from the VoG server for those of you that don't own Minecraft.
Just so you can see the creativity of the people on there.
But that was a lot of fun.
If you want to join the Minecraft server at VoG network, check that out in the forums over at VoGnetwork.com.
It's almost always in the five recent posts thing on the very front page.
So just check that out.
It is a whitelist server, because we don't want jerks coming in and ruining things.
We want people that we kind of know who they are in case they try to destroy things.
Or fuck with my house.
You can find that all at VoGnetwork.com in the forums.
But we're welcoming of any VoG participant who wants to check that out.
Alright, we gotta move on to some news.
We're running a little behind, but that's okay because we had some good discussions so far.
Someone starts her first day of work tomorrow.
I know, right?
So let's quickly do housekeeping.
Twitter.com slash OLRs where you can follow us on Twitter.
We're also on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
We will still be here next week and so on.
I can't think of any shows we have off coming up.
So I think everything is still on track.
We'll let you know though if something comes up.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Google.com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio.
Sure.
YouTube.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
The YouTube is definitely worth plugging.
Tell the listeners what they can see in last week's episode.
You can see epic dog editing when we were talking about release dates last week.
There was some kind of a shoot-em-up looking game with a big Shiba Inu like dog meme.
And we were imitating dog meme and I had a hell of a fun time doing that in video.
Oh, I got to check that out.
Very well.
Much edit.
Such editing.
Much learning.
Now I can do it all over again.
Wow.
All right.
Whatupgnchat says, OLR doing the Super Bowl.
Yeah.
Why wouldn't we?
I don't remember the last time I watched the Super Bowl.
Ooh.
Oh, Jesus.
Is that next week?
No, that's the second.
February 2nd.
Oh, great.
I...
Oh, damn.
You may end up missing your last show.
I might.
Because I was just talking to my coworkers today saying, Super Bowl party!
Hey, I completely understand, you know, taking time off, you know, for a Puppy Bowl.
Yeah, I was going to say, I'll watch the Puppy Bowl in the morning.
Did you know that they posted the lineup for the Puppy Bowl in the Kitty Halftime?
Yes, I'm so excited.
No, there's penguin cheerleaders now.
Oh, what?
Yes.
Oh, this year they're sparing no expense at the Puppy Bowl this year.
I'm excited about the Puppy Bowl.
By the way, did you do...
Okay, I have to say this.
Did you see the labra husky?
There is a dog, and for me, okay, keep in mind, I'm super allergic to labs and huskies.
However, I would have this dog in an instant and live on Benadryl.
Imagine a cute little lab, but the shape of a lab with pure white, you know, like a husky,
and the little black markings, and those eyes.
A labra husky.
Did you hear who they got for the Halftime Music Show?
Who?
Keyboard Cat.
Keyboard motherfucking Cat is on that show.
Yes, I heard that.
Yeah, Keyboard Cat's doing the Halftime Show.
The reincarnation?
Yeah, because original Keyboard Cat's kind of dead, because that video was from the 80s.
Yeah.
But, um...
Seriously?
Is it Pistachio Keyboard Cat?
It's like a new Keyboard Cat or something.
Oh my god, I didn't know that.
I knew that Cat wasn't alive.
That video was from the 80s, yeah.
Oh my god.
It's like America's Funniest Home Videos or something.
Alright, anyhow.
News!
Yes, please.
I could talk about Keyboard Cat all night, but let's get into it.
Alright, so Valve, of course, they had their Dev Days this week, and no one was allowed
to talk about Dev Days.
But people did talk about Dev Days, and some of the things that came out from tweets and
all sorts of stuff.
That, of course, and this is kind of a big duh, that Valve wants to offer digital music
video and TV as part of SteamOS.
In other words, I'm guessing they want to implement music streaming services and movie
streaming services, Netflix, Hulu, that kind of stuff.
It makes sense.
I mean, most game consoles nowadays have something like that, if not all of those services.
So, I would be fine with that on SteamBox as well, even if it's not necessarily part
of SteamOS, just on Steam.
That would be fantastic, because then I would be able to get rid of our crappy boxy.
This is kind of interesting, because it's not a surprise, especially considering Steam
already sells desktop apps, this is not one bit of a surprise that this exists.
And Canonical, the company, the for-profit company behind Ubuntu, has done much the same
thing.
Cloud storage and music and videos and any other licensing deals that they can get their
hands on, I'm assuming in addition to also promoting copyleft things like Jamendo and
other non-all rights reserved copyrighted materials.
It is interesting to me, as far as I know, Steam is a couple hundred employees, maybe,
but when you scale to this size, when you support an OS and sign deals and post this
kind of stuff, their company size is going to triple.
If SteamOS goes somewhere, their company is going to grow by at least three to four
times.
Just the sheer volume of dealing with publishers and anybody else that they start doing business
deals with.
Great, another system for me to have Netflix on.
Yeah, tell me about it.
Well, at least we wouldn't get, at least on Hulu, we wouldn't get those messages saying,
sir, you can only watch this on the web.
Fuckers, I wanted to watch the end of fucking 30 Rock.
That's very true, Steam is intending to be, I assume, very much the antithesis of that.
We'll see.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Laundromatia with fognetwork.com,
use the pass phrase, beast.
One of the things that maybe I'll be able to watch on my new Netflix Steam box will
be the Magic the Gathering movie.
That's right, Magic the Gathering is apparently going to be adapted into a movie.
I thought this was supposed to happen some time ago, but I guess, I don't know, I guess
this has got some motion with it.
20th Century Fox has acquired the screen rights to Magic the Gathering.
The film studio wants the 20-year-old series of Magic the Gathering to become a mega franchise,
you know, like Lord of the Rings, which took one book and made it three movies, or three
books and three movies, or Harry Potter, which turned seven books into eight movies.
If you can adapt, you know, Battleship into a movie.
Well, I thought that's where I had heard this before, because I want to say, when they licensed,
like, didn't they license Battleship and, like, Clue?
Oh god, Candyland with motherfucking Adam Sandler.
Oh, that's gonna be fucking terrible.
Ew.
And, like, the Monopoly and, like, a bunch of other stupid shit.
Clue?
Clue, but not to be confused with the greatest movie of all time, The Clue from the 1980s.
It was not a remake of that, it was something, it would have been worse.
You can't get better than Clue from the 1980s.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm not even, we're not even pretend that they're even remotely related to that.
The math is simple. The math is simple. One plus one plus two plus one.
Flames, the side of my face.
I can't do it because I can't do the voice.
Heaving, heaving breaths, heaving.
I can do it.
I miss you, Madeline Kahn.
I know, I miss her so much. Alright, anyway, and Eileen Brennan, let us not forget you.
But, you know, no, no, no, no, no, no, yes.
Alright, moving on.
Different movie, but still.
Sorry, Magic the Gathering.
So, we don't know much, I mean, there's no director attached or anything like that.
This is just something that they are working on.
It's going to be made into a movie at some point.
But, you know, video game movies don't always exactly have the greatest track records.
We'll see how that Warcraft movie turns out.
It's time to rip off.
What?
Because it was a card game turned into a multimedia Digimon.
I don't know. I mean, the good news is it's not like the movie is going to be about people busting out cards.
Like, that's not how it's going to work.
That's what you think.
Maybe it will.
The Battleship the movie incorporated a huge gigantic feature that pushed on a certain square of water and then a torpedo...
Did it have Liam Neeson saying, you suck my battleship?
Maybe.
Because if it didn't have that, then fuck that movie.
It didn't fucking see that movie.
It had the pegs. The pegs were in the movie. That was the best part about it.
Are you serious?
Seriously, it's in the trailer.
I'm now equally motivated to see this movie and stay far, far away.
There's no interest in Battleship unless it has Liam Neeson saying, you suck my battleship.
You know what the advantage now of having rough voices as I can make my favorite complaint about everything.
Her dismissive voice.
All right then, Dar Sacher, if you have some better news for us, why don't you go right ahead?
For the record, Xanadu is a better movie.
If you want to talk about good, bad movies.
Well, at the start of the show, we talked about how the Nintendo was said to have flopped and they lied.
Or I should say Nintendo, the Wii U had flopped.
And it's a very big thing usually in light of fiscal underperformance that a CEO will be pushed into resigning.
Or may resign on his own.
However, Satoru Iwata said that he's not going to resign.
The direct quote says there will be no major management shake up in the short term.
He does say that he feels responsible and that it is important to get business going back again.
And another thing too that people aren't seeming to mention is that Nintendo went from having a 200 plus billion yen projection.
To operating at a 35 billion yen loss for the upcoming year.
I think they honestly can make it back.
But he says he's not going to step down.
Good thing they're sitting on piles of money.
I know, right?
But I mean, they've still got the 3DS. It's still performing incredibly strongly in Japan.
It's still performing decently in America and around the world.
It's still printing money.
So I don't think that they're going to be...
He has no reason to step down.
He hasn't ruined Nintendo, you know, with the release of the Wii U.
Yeah, all those damn pundits have ruined the Wii U.
Well, now that you go there, I go, see, this is why Nintendo is not going to come out and say that a console of theirs flopped.
Because their president isn't going anywhere and he's very stubborn.
And that's okay. I don't necessarily blame Iwata for this.
But I do think, and I'm a little hopeful in what I'm hearing here, that they talk about a management shakeup.
I don't think that means that Reggie's going to get fired or something stupid like that.
The crap did Reggie have to do with any of it? He's been the big cheerleader.
Well, because you know in an internet comment section somewhere, that's what they're saying on NeoGaf or some shit.
But anyway, what I really want to say about that is that maybe the good news that comes out of this as they talk management shakeup is that they'll hire someone from the outside.
And now that's how the bubble gets broken. If somebody comes in with some fresh perspectives, that could be a very, very good thing.
It does seem that Nintendo is very insular and that usually if they bring somebody in, they have to eventually, you know, tow the Nintendo line.
It's like their own special form of cultism, you know.
Can you imagine, sorry to add to the wank, but I can't resist.
Wait, I have to do it.
It's a gaming fan podcast. I have to.
I'm doing the wank motion.
All right, here we go.
Can you imagine if Nintendo had hired Don Mattrick?
Fuck.
I mean, but I could see a type of Nintendo coup along those lines, not necessarily him, but along those lines.
I could see them trying to lure over a big executive from some other company to...
That's just not the...
Tigerclaw, I don't think Iwata is going to be replaced by Miyamoto.
I mean, I don't think that it would happen and I don't think Miyamoto is...
I don't think Miyamoto wants to be that guy.
I think Miyamoto is more of a creative type than a business type.
Miyamoto wants to make games.
Exactly. He's living his dream.
He does that very well being that face of creativity.
Like when you see Miyamoto, like genuinely excited about one of his games, you can't help but be excited too.
No matter what you think about Nintendo, I think it's hard to argue that Miyamoto's enthusiasm is fucking infectious and Microsoft and Sony don't have that.
They don't have Miyamoto.
That's the thing that I think keeps Nintendo strong is the fact that they have people who are passionate about what they do.
Who love their jobs and want to keep doing the best that they can.
I really do like that they adhere to an ideal.
Because you don't really see a whole lot of that.
I mean, you certainly don't see it so much with...
You really don't see it at all with Microsoft.
Unless, you know, you're counting individual developers or a few people here and there.
For the most part, it's just towing their corporate line.
Sony is a lot the same way too.
Nintendo, you've got people who are enthusiastic about what they're doing and love what they do.
And I honestly would even think that the underperformance of the Wii U would be taken as a personal disappointment.
I mean, certainly the fiscal standpoint is going to have something to do with it.
But I think just from, oh, we love this thing and no one else loves it.
Like, when you have the ugliest baby in the world and you love it, but everyone else thinks you just have an ugly baby.
I hate to use that.
What a strange analogy, but okay.
But you get what I mean.
I do.
I mean, the system's only been out for a year.
I don't really think it's a failure yet.
And it could grow out of being ugly.
Babies grow.
Did I just hear Loki defend the Wii U?
He does it once in a while.
Nintendo was the prettiest girl at the whole ball last console generation.
Let's not forget.
Well, and here's the other thing.
And I want to put people, you know, this just goes back to bringing up what if Iwata was replaced by Miyamoto.
Imagine that you were living your dream job.
You got to make games.
This is what your passion was.
Or, okay, it would go the same thing if they said, what if they made Koji Kondo CEO.
He's a musician.
What he does is make music.
He develops the music and controls that part of whatever game environment he's working in.
I think we need to get the guy that was doing the drumming as part of that stage demonstration for Wii music.
That guy, he has a good future at Nintendo.
Well, my point is, if you try to offer that job to any of those guys, they'd probably turn it down right away and say, get someone who's a businessman to run the business.
Go to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see, Fifth Dream says Nintendo's ugly baby is Mario.
Mario's not ugly. He's just plain.
Let's see, Rama in chat says, Loki defends the Wii U. Take a shot.
And then, of course, there's some wank in our chat about who they should hire and so forth.
Thank you for posting my favorite Mario fan art ever.
Uh oh, who posted it? Akuma JP?
I love you, Akuma-san.
It's a radio show. You're not supposed to be sending the artwork.
No, it's one of the super buff Mario with the giant shroom.
It's Super Mario Bear, if you know what I mean. Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Yeah.
I did it.
Well, you've been in San Francisco for how long now?
I'll do it. I'll just bring the Wii U around.
He doesn't look Italian with expression.
I can do it.
It looks like Zangief costs playing Mario.
Here you go.
Alright, let's move on. Loki, what do you have?
Like I said, I'll take care of this. I can bring the Wii U back.
It's all up to me.
What would you do, Loki?
What would I do? Well, what wouldn't I do?
First off, you know, I put out some really kick-ass games on that system.
You know, we need a new Metroid and fuck, we're getting F-Zero this year.
I would just lower the price and actually make online decent.
All the OLR dream games, such as things like President Cat, Puzzle Sluts, all of them would be a reality.
What, they play Snap? Definitely.
Awesome. Alright.
So Apple has to settle with the Federal Trade Commission and now they have to pay out millions of dollars, 32 million dollars to be exact.
And that whole in-app purchase suit where people, you know, apparently were unlocking their system for like 15 minutes or something and their kids were racking up tons of charges.
Which basically, I don't know. I mean, I think it's a little ridiculous because people need to be a little bit more responsible.
But I understand at the same time, app developers are kind of making it very easy for people to rack up those huge numbers in in-app purchases.
And I know that they've kind of tweaked that now where it fixes that, but it's still kind of annoying that it kind of turned out that way.
But yeah, so apparently they're saying there's some people that spent thousands of dollars of, you know, their parents' money on games. Free to play games.
All those damn Smurf Berries.
I do like that they make it very clear now though.
And the Angry Bird Eagles.
Loki's right though. The changes are for the better.
Well, I think at one point, you know, they probably were making it so it's easy for you to make in-app purchases and they didn't really intend for people to do that.
But then they probably heard about all these stories about people racking up those things and then they made it even easier for kids to make those purchases.
But at the same time, I think there's a little bit of, you know, the parents not taking responsibility for their kids using their account and stuff.
I have to blame the parents a little bit, but apparently no one wants to blame the parents, so.
Going to the chatroom, because this is a really good point from our pal Segg over at live.vognetwork.com.
Segg says, the problem with in-app is that once you sign in for one purchase, you're not asked for a password for 15 minutes after.
And on Google Play Android, it's 30 minutes.
So it's honest for a parent to go, oh, okay, I'll pay 99 cent for my kid and then $2,000 later, dot, dot, dot.
Yeah, that's a really good point. I didn't realize it did that.
I like to prevent me. I'm the big kid I've got to prevent.
So I like to be asked, like, are you sure you want to spend this money?
So I don't like accidentally do something that's going to, you know, spend money or something if I, you know, have a moment where I forget to read something or whatever it is.
You know, I just I like having that extra safeguard in there.
So I didn't even realize it shuts off after 15 minutes.
That's not or doesn't shut off until 15 minutes. That's not good. That's not good.
All right. Let's move on anyhow with some more news. Jason.
Going back to episodes to Miss Dark Soccer's classic game of the week trend of featuring games that you may never have seen, whose characters have cameos in Namco High.
She taught us about a little game called Wonder Momo.
I had indeed never heard of this before. We sat around watching the video available at YouTube dot com slash Orange Launch Radio.
But Namco Bandai has launched a Wonder Momo teaser site at Wonder Momo dot JP.
It is literally a site with a silhouette of Momo in her Wonder Momo outfit.
And I really don't want to use a culturally incorrect picture.
It's a silhouette. So you just see, like, her helmet and whatnot. That's all you get.
There are other accents in the silhouette, of course, but nothing quite that detailed.
And then characters at the bottom, which represent the audience, I believe, unless it's the creature she was fighting.
No, it's pretty much similar to the audience heads.
Yes. The site literally features, as of this moment, features a splash that says Momo is back.
There has been a Wonder Momo comic that Jamie also talked about during that classic game of the week segment.
And we have no and this game never made it to America.
So, and again, it is also Wonder Momo dot JP, which announces some pretty specific intentions.
We don't know when it's going to come out, if it's going to be a port revival, new game, new media, as seems to be the case between Namco High and, again, this webcomic for Wonder Momo specifically.
Speculation is hugely up in the air, but a series from the 80s is on its way back in a prominent form, and it seems to be gathering a lot of attention and buzz.
And that can't possibly be a bad thing. Seriously.
Wonder Momo is a cute game.
It is. It was very fun watching that.
Even with gratuitous panty shots.
All of like six pixels, though? Let's be honest here.
You know they'll look for the fan service wherever they can get it.
Yes. And back in those days, well, maybe not so much in Japan.
Aren't there other games, not counting Namco High itself, aren't there other games that have had other characters whose games have had similar reboots in the last couple of months?
Or am I just making stuff up?
I'm probably just making stuff up and thinking of Namco High itself.
There's plenty I'd like to see.
Yeah.
Well, and what I didn't realize that the whole Namco High thing is that all the characters that they've brought in are, they have in their webcomic series from Shifty Look.
Which is also where this Wonder Momo webcomic is from.
Exactly.
So it's very much two-part.
And it will be nice to see how this continues and what prominence they decide to feature with Wonder Momo and many other characters.
Well, I would definitely, I would like to see either a remake or like an actual sequel or something.
It was a fun little game. I've played it.
Even Viewtiful Joe had the kind of implied with an audience motif and certainly there were some possibilities for Wonder Momo as well.
You can even say that Super Mario World was set on the stage.
That just short-circuited my brain.
Super Mario Brothers 3 had that literal stage where they had the curtain that raised in the very beginning of the game. Remember that?
Exactly. But there's actually a whole, I think, the first thing is, I kind of thought about it before and it had been mentioned before, but Game Theory, which is one of the YouTubes that I like,
even went into detail about how they're all set on the stage, how everything is done up like, not Mario World, it was Mario 3, thank you Rob, I'm sorry.
And how they're all on a platform and you can go behind the scenes to walk behind the scenery and then when you get to the end of the level, you're going backstage.
Yeah, they're all kind of curtain-y, transition-y, exit, exit, stage left, stage right, technically stage left because it's one stage, but yeah.
I never really gave that design a lot of consideration.
And it was 3 I was thinking of, but World had some of the same things incorporated in it.
Interesting. Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some games that will be coming a little sooner than any other remake that we're talking about tonight.
Loki, is there anything for the US yet?
Not this week. 28th is the first step we get this month and then we'll be getting regular releases each week.
Alright, then give me a minute here, we'll travel to Japan and check out the releases there. Still no PlayStation 4 or Xbox One out in Japan, so there's no releases to read there.
What is it, February 22nd I believe is the big day for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Do we have a date for Xbox One in Japan? I don't think we do.
Yeah, I don't think they've announced anything.
It's still TBA. Well, meanwhile, you have some other things to look forward to, such as on the 24th we have, I'm sorry, the 23rd of this month we have on the PlayStation 3 Army of Two, The Devil's Cartel gets a price reduction.
Saints Row 4 also gets a Ultra Super Ultimate Deluxe Edition out in Japan. As far as new games go, you get Sengoku Basara 4 comes out from Capcom this week, that is finally out.
And I believe there is some special bundles and things that go with that as well, because, you know, who doesn't love bundles? Like limited editions and things like that.
On the Xbox 360 in Japan this week, just that same Saints Row 4 and then also Dragon Ball Z Battle of Z, which I believe is also on the PlayStation 3 as well.
You love your Dragon Ball games, don't you?
I've been getting a little nostalgic lately just because, yeah, I really am nostalgic for some Dragon Ball Z.
Well, you could get it on the PlayStation Vita as well. It's also out there this week as well as the Sega game named Utagumi 575 comes out in regular and limited edition this week on the Vita.
And I'm kind of like, what is this? It says it's a new genre ground. It takes literary sensibilities and mixes it with popular Japanese music.
The haiku, a Japanese poetic form that follows the strict rule of three lines following 575 syllables.
I know, it's like they read my mind tonight. Per line, a new style of gameplay is invented.
Instead of the formulaic approach of only matching button presses to various tempo-based patterns, Utagumi 575 incorporates this with a hiragana guessing game.
The result for players is that after filling the correct cadence requirements, a prompt for missing Japanese characters appears.
And these are filled by paying attention to the phrase that's displayed, the context of the song, and the rules of a haiku.
This sounds hard.
I was just thinking because I haven't said anything on air, but I'm planning on taking the JLPT N5 this year.
I was just thinking something like that would actually be really helpful for my studies.
It's a SEGA rhythm game. I gotta say, as quirky as that sounds, I love that it's something kind of different.
SEGA's made rhythm games more recently too, like that Rhythm Thief that was on 3DS. That was only last year.
Sorry, I didn't mean to take a tangent, but I thought that was pretty cool.
Like a rhythm game that's haiku-based. It's kind of neat.
On the Wii U this week? Nothing in Japan.
On the 3DS though, you do get Carlos, the Beast of Re-Eden comes out this week.
I'm trying to see what kind of game this is. Oh, it's a shooter.
It's a pew-pew shooting game.
It's more that isometric shooter though, not just above. It's more of using 3D shapes and stuff.
You were exactly correct, by the way, that February 22nd is the PlayStation 4 Japanese release date.
And no date outside of this year for Xbox One in Japan.
Alright. I like hearing that I'm right. You should say it more often.
I can fact-check everything.
You may be right about that, but you're so wrong in other ways.
Alright, let's see what the UK has to say for releases.
On January 20th, which I guess is technically today now for them, is Kick Beat for PC.
On the 21st is Chess 2, the sequel on Android. Whatevs.
It's chess. Again.
On the 22nd we have Insurgency for Mac and PC and OlliOlli for Vita.
On the 23rd there is Might & Magic X Legacy for PC.
Ninja Gaiden 3, the Ancient Ship of Doom for 3DS.
That be it. Arr.
Alright, there it is. Just a couple more stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
Alright, so let's see.
We've got a little bit of interesting rumor here.
And I don't know. It would be nice to get some new blood kind of in the series.
But there's a rumor that Silent Hill 9 is being, I guess, resurrected by Hideo Kojima.
That he is going to be working on the game series now.
And I don't know if that's actually going to be true now.
I know he's very busy with all the Metal Gear Solid 5 stuff.
But it would be kind of neat if he took it over because he does really good directing in his games.
But I don't know.
They need another solid series though. Pun intended.
Haha. A Kojima Silent Hill game.
I don't know. It sounds a little fan wankish to me.
But if it is true, it could be very interesting.
I think Silent Hill needs a nice kick in the butt to kind of get it back to where it was in its heyday.
I thought I saw another fan wank rumor not that long ago that they were trying to get Team Silent back together.
And I was like, good luck.
I mean, Akira Yamagata works for...
Well, they were saying that they were supposed to be resurrecting Team Silent as well.
And here's the other thing too.
The information that right now that they're kind of going off of is based off of a listing on IMDB which anybody can make.
So I don't know.
Oh, that's nothing. Yeah.
That's a huge rumor. That's for sure.
Alright. Well, let's talk about...
We are about to get into the Classic Game of the Week.
But let's talk about one of the great classics right now. Tetris.
Tetris always comes back.
It's like a rite of passage for any generation of gaming consoles.
Where's the Tetris game?
Well, the next-gen Tetris game for Xbox One and PlayStation 4 will be coming from Ubisoft.
They'll be the ones publishing this Tetris game.
We don't know more details than that.
It's just that the Tetris game will be on the digital channels.
Xbox Live and PlayStation Network.
So I guess they're going to focus on a download title, which is fine.
Because paying $60 for a Tetris game would be a little bit ridiculous.
So I think the networks are the place to go.
I don't know what next generation is going to entail.
But I would imagine that probably more online, competitive-based elements.
You know, I gotta say though, since it's been a very Nintendo talking about what they've done right and wrong over the years.
Tetris on the DS was so freaking good.
It's going to be really hard to top that one.
Remember Tetris on the DS? That was a great port of that game.
Probably the best since the original NES version.
Just with all its different modes and the retro Nintendo stuff they brought into that.
Obviously Ubisoft can't do that.
But it'll be interesting to see what they decide to add to this as well.
So there you go.
No word on when it's coming out.
Maybe a year from now? A holiday?
Yeah, whenever it's done. So you can just wait.
While you're waiting for that Tetris game, maybe you want to take a moment out to experience a classic.
Well, Dark Soccer is here to help you out.
Because every week she dives into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks,
Hey, you should be playing this game.
In my case it's blowing dust off of it.
She really likes diving.
She does.
I'm not a good diver. I'm more just like...
Dives into the vault.
She just plays Scrooge McDuck style.
I do a cannonball into it.
Dives into the mailbag. Scrooge McDuck style.
She plays one on TV.
She dives into the UK. Scrooge McDuck style.
I wish I could just dive to the UK. That would be awesome.
She's actually just singing Dive by B4U the whole time.
I just started humming that, but I have no voice, so stop it.
Dark Sakura.
Stop it.
What is the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is Taiko no Tatsujin.
That's actually from the Wii version.
I was trying to find older stuff and it only felt like the Evangelion.
But the Wii version had the cutest accessory.
That little inflatable drum.
And since I'm sticking with my Namco high theme, Donko is a character that showed up in Namco High who is a character in this.
And don't make me anything to look at while I'm doing classic game guys.
Taiko no Tatsujin came out in the US as Taiko Drum Master, but there were a bunch of different versions out in Japan.
We've seen an arcade version.
It came out on TBS, TBS, PST, PSP, Wii, Wii U, iOS, the Advanced Pico Bina, and other mobile versions.
I'm just watching this little video you got going.
This is insanity. Listen to the drum beat in this.
Wow.
Wow.
Yeah.
That one, I was like...
No, it's not Donkey Konga. Shut up, Bobby.
I mean, hearts, hearts, hearts.
But like I said, there were Chinese versions that came out to be used in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, and Malaysia.
And we've seen other versions.
I've seen knockoffs of the game too.
Remember the one, the big single Taiko that was at John's Incredibly Mediocre Pizza, Rob?
We've seen stuff like that.
Yeah.
So anyway, basically you have two Taiko, and you have your sticks to play with it, and your notes are called ompu.
And as they move across the screen, you either have to hit the center, or you hit the end to make a certain type of sound.
And you have your Tamashi Geiji, which is your spirit gauge to show how well you're doing.
You have a red marker, which is your don, and your blue marker, which is your kato.
And it's exactly, you make the, to describe the noises that you're making.
So the don is in the face, the kato is the side.
And then you have the large ones that are basically, you know, large don and large kato that are double notes.
So you hit with, basically you hit both buttons on both sides of the drum, and the console releases, or in the drum you have to hit just really, really freaking hard.
And the drum just punched that thing in the face. That was adorable.
Oh Rob.
You actually gave me several videos to take a look at here.
I did. I think the third one is the Evangel, or the second one might be the Evangelion one.
No, this is Hatsune Miku.
Oh yeah.
We're gonna look at here in this video.
So I guess, is this one of her songs in the game?
I believe so.
That's, I love the little chibi Hatsune Miku at the bottom. Anyway, sorry.
And you see the little Miku running in the background?
Oh yeah.
So, and for the record I do have a little Taiko plushie.
So you also have a yellow bar called Renda where you hit either don or kato as many times as possible across it.
It doesn't build up your spirit gauge but gives you bonus points.
You have a balloon, which is called Husen Ompu.
You also have, it also goes with the Genki Renda, where if you hit don for a certain number of times within the time limit, then you get bonus points too.
You have all kinds of different, I'm not gonna go into all of them because there's a Kusudama, there's a Suzudon, there's all kinds of stuff that pops up.
And you get different kinds of power ups and health bonuses and different things to attack your enemy if you're doing boss battles.
Like on the DS ones like Dororo no Kai Daikessen and a lot of the different versions.
There's also a wrestling version, it's called Dual Note, which is based on wrestling, where you have to hit the Taiko repeatedly, more than your opponent does, so that you win.
Like I said, it's almost more like a tug of war, you know, whoever hits more wins.
And unfortunately this was only in the boss battles on Wii, Dodon, To, Todame.
So there's different versions, you have Easy, which is Kanton, Normal, Hutsu, and Hard, which is Musukashi, which is really hard.
And then you have a fourth difficulty that's in later games called Donderful, which is a combination of Don and Wonderful.
And you've got basically all your different note charts for how difficult, how easy they are, and it goes all over the board for how easy it is, or how hard it can be.
In your different options, and they've changed from different types, you have different Taiko sounds that will be working on different types of songs, I think, that play.
And they change them around, you can hit the different rim in your difficulty selection to change what your Taiko sounds like.
Oh gosh.
Pretty customizable.
I bet that's pretty funny.
This was one I wanted to play because we were talking about Dragon Ball Z earlier.
I was going to say, we want to switch up the video here a little bit because that last one just ran out.
So this is from the portable version of the game we're about to look at right now?
Yes.
This is actually the intro song to Dragon Ball Z, the original intro.
The audio is a little distorted.
That's exactly what it sounds like in the anime too, so don't worry about it.
Okay.
That one's actually a fun one to play.
So you've got different modifiers.
You have auto, which plays automatically, and you can look at the song, and you get full combo.
You get hidden, or as it's called, doron, which it's like it says.
You have speed modifiers, you have double speed, you have triple speed, quadruple speed, and then you can go up to eight.
I'm sorry.
It looks like it's just the symbols that move faster, like the modifiers we have in BeatMania.
And these have been eight since eight and why why happy roku daime.
You have perfect, where the song will end if a note is missed.
So if you're playing in perfect mode, you have to finish the whole song perfectly.
You have reverse, abekobe, which is backwards.
Different modifiers.
You have one called whimsical and haphazard, where it changes your notes from red to blue or vice versa, so you have to look at them differently.
Just all kinds of different stuff.
It's really, really just a complex little game for as much as it seems you're just hitting on a drum, or hitting on the rim of the drum.
So all kinds of different versions.
As far as what has come out, for the Japanese versions, there are plenty of them.
We've had arcade versions starting with Taiko no Tatsujin through Taiko no Tatsujin 14, then an overhaul in September 2010.
The first one came out February 2001.
And then the revamp, which is Taiko no Tatsujin from November 2011, and Taiko no Tatsujin Katsudon, and the Sorayo version that came out in March 2013.
For home versions, we've had three different on the DS, a bunch on 3DS.
The last one coming out November 29, 2012 called Taiko no Tatsujin Wii Chogokaban.
And there's been a Wii U version, Taiko no Tatsujin Wii U.
Tons on PS2, three on PSP, four on iOS, three on Android, one on Advanced Pikobina, and different mobile versions, two in Japan, which were Taiko no Tatsujin Pop Monthly and Taiko no Tatsujin Mobile, and then one that came out in South Korea.
We have had different guest appearances within the games.
Like I said, Hatsune Miku showed up in Portable DX, and I sent you that link.
And you can also play the same song in Project Diva.
A little crossover.
There's Puzzle and Dragons crossovers as well.
So tracks that were for Puzzle and Dragons.
But yet, I'm not going to be able to find any of this in America except for that one release they had, the Drum Master.
Nope. Sorry.
I remember one of my Balani friends had that, who I haven't seen him in forever. I miss him.
Well, there's been spin-offs.
Yeah?
There was a Taiko no Tatsujin character thing done in clay anime.
And it was in, it was for Kid Station, it was in Comic Bum Bum.
Then...
My bum is on my bum.
We had many versions, it was in Tales of the World, NariKiri Dungeon 3, which is, you know, another Amco game.
And in the DS game, Nodame Kontabile.
And then in Mario Kart Arcade GPDX, you have a theme. A Taiko no Tatsujin theme.
Alright.
And so I was just doing Taiko no Tatsujin. I didn't even touch Taiko Drum Master.
As we got it over here.
Yeah.
Which, I mean, basically it's the same game, we've just got different music, you know, licensing.
And I have that. I actually have a legit drum for it, and I have one of the knockoffs.
And it's fun, I love it. You know, like I said, I had to dust it off.
Yeah.
You know, so, uh, it's, oh wow, I'm totally lucky.
A good music game memory.
I mean, I'm totally jealous of Ikuma JP.
Why?
I used to own a three foot don and katsu saiyan doll.
Adorable.
What?
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Taiko no Tatsujin, or Taiko Drum Master, if you will.
Uh, for, well, hell, there's fourteen of them, so it's pretty much on everything.
In the arcades.
In the arcades.
In the many, many, many, many more versions.
Well, you remember, um, Loki downloaded Taiko no Tatsujin for his PSP back in the day.
Yeah, I remember that.
He was talking about how to get all the important stuff.
Well, I just remember our friend Garrett had the big drum peripheral that he got.
And, yeah, I know.
I heard from Garrett.
I don't know what happened to him.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Oh well.
Get him back on the show at some point would be awesome.
Yeah.
Alright, uh, it is running long.
We gotta go to break.
Uh, but thank you Dark Soccer for taking us to a great music game from our past.
Uh, we're gonna be back with plenty more news.
The Fugal Question of the Week, which should be exciting tonight, because I didn't even
plan it this way on purpose, but we were talking haikus earlier.
We're gonna get some haikus in the Fugal Question of the Week.
Haiku.
Haiku.
Not haikus.
Haikai.
Haiku.
Haiku.
Haikus.
Haiku.
Haiku.
Haiku.
Haiku.
Haiku.
Hike a lot.
Alright, Dark Soccer is gonna have a meltdown, but we'll be back after this with more of
Orange Lounge Radio.
Stay tuned.
Baka.
Hi everybody, and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live here on January 19th, 2014, with the 536th episode of our program already in
progress.
Thank you so much for joining us, be it that you're live here at the Voice Geeks Network,
VOG Network.com, or perhaps you're listening to us on the podcast feed via one of the many
iPhone apps that lets you listen to things like Stitcher Radio or TuneIn.
I just want to say a big thank you to checking out our show, no matter how you are choosing
to listen to it.
We've had a lot of pretty good debate on tonight's show.
We'll see if it continues with some more news that we're gonna get into in this half of
the show.
Loki, if you're back there on the Skype line, you're not gonna be here next week for sure,
right?
That's right.
Well, I hope, again, I know I said this a little bit last week, but since you are back
this week, and I didn't think you would be, I will say it once again, all of us here at
Orange Lounge Radio wish you all the best with the new child.
I know everything's gonna go great.
We can't wait to hear the name, which somebody had hoped you were gonna name your baby Tingle,
but it doesn't sound like that's gonna happen, right?
That's definitely not gonna happen.
We can't wait to hear all of that whenever you do come back, but, you know, take the
time you need.
We all understand.
Dark Soccer and I will somehow manage to continue on.
Jason will be here for at least a week or two, but after that, I don't know, we'll figure
something out.
Hopefully, Alan can fill in for a show or some of our other loyal, go-to people can
help us out if we need to.
So, enjoy your time off with the new child.
Alright, I will.
Alright, start us off, if you wouldn't mind, with some rapid-fire news.
Yes, so there was a teaser trailer, if you will, that was put out by Bossa Studios, who,
you may remember, did a little game on Steam called Surgeon Simulator 2013, and the video
is called Shh, I Dentist Now.
And so, it's kind of teasing a little bit, like, they have Surgeon Simulator coming soon
for the iPad, and hopefully we'll see some sort of, you know, add-on for Surgeon Simulator
2013, but it sounds like the iPad version might revolve around Dentistry, which, you
can only imagine how that'll go.
Yeah, I'm not excited about this game, because, you know, I'm not a big fan of the dentist,
no offense to any who may be listening, but it's just, you know, I'm one of those people.
So, yeah, I look at the idea, after seeing Surgeon Simulator, which, by the way, is a
part of the, I don't think this ever came up on the show, but Humble Bundle 10 is out,
and it's great, and it's to help charity, but Surgeon Simulator is one of the games
in it, and, yeah, after seeing that, when I hear about, like, this idea is really funny,
but I'll pass, thanks.
I'm, I am equal parts thrilled and horrified by it, because I don't mind dental work, I've
had a fair amount in my life, including something that only hosts, I...
They look fine to me. You don't gotta show me the back of your throat, Jason.
Ooh.
It's very sexy.
I can see your uvula.
I am equal parts thrilled, horrified, and prepared to play this game, because, if it's
any, if it's even remotely as impossible as Surgeon Simulator is, and it will be, it'll
be a good time, but with lots of drills and noises and whirly bits and picks and spoke
spiky things.
I think I'm, like, the only person I know that doesn't have dentist trauma. I always
fall asleep because I'm bored.
Consider yourself lucky.
It's just an awesome, I'm kind of curious to see how it's gonna work as far as, because,
you know, the whole point of Surgeon Simulator is that the controls are really hard to, you
know, use, and so, you know, with an iPad, I guess it would be a little bit easier, I
think, with the touchscreen, maybe, I guess, they're gonna map it exactly the same, you
know, one hand does the, you know, five keys, and the other hand moves the actual arm. I
don't know.
We'll see.
All right. And then, moving on, Unity is coming to the Vita, and this is great if you are
an up and coming game developer. Now you can actually port your Unity games that you make
in, for the Vita, I guess, and I think now, man, I think Unity supports pretty much almost
all console platforms now. It's, I know, at least the entire PlayStation suite. I'm not
really sure. It's been a while since I actually looked at Unity, but, yeah, so support for,
you know, all the sensors, the cameras, analog sticks, touchpad, all that fun stuff. And
that's, I guess, with Unity 4.3. And, in fact, they're saying that there is a game, Stick
It to the Man, that was developed, I guess, on PS3 and Vita, and that's with Unity as
well, and that's, I think it's already out or coming out very soon. So that's kind of
cool, I think. Especially since it's relatively, I mean, well, it's free to use non-commercially,
and if you make, I think, over $10,000 in the year or something like that, then you
have to pay the licensing fee, which isn't that expensive. And last but not least, Apple
and Google have pulled a game, if you will, that was promoting plastic surgery for children.
It was a game called Plastic Surgery for Barbie, which I'm sure probably could, you know, have
been pulled just because, you know, the copyright infringement on the name itself. But basically,
it was a game aimed at kids, you know, I guess it was marked suitable for kids 9 and over,
and had you performing plastic surgery procedures on female characters, you know, such as liposuction
and on the characteristics problem areas. And you compare the before and after shots,
and they were saying, you know, some of the results, like, this unfortunate girl has so
much extra weight that no diet can help her, you know. In our clinic, she can go through
surgery called liposuction that will make her slim and beautiful. So apparently, people
were offended, you know, that it's giving children the wrong idea.
Well, did they really think that people...
It is giving the wrong idea.
It is. It is a little offensive, actually.
Yeah, and I think Mattel was one of the ones also that kind of, you know, helped in pulling
that since, you know, obviously they mentioned Barbie in there, and, you know, they want
that associated with any of the Mattel stuff.
I mean, this picture doesn't look like any Barbie I've ever seen, but maybe that's just me.
Yeah.
All right. Moving on to some other news that I have for you guys. Some eShop releases for
Nintendo, because they are still putting some classics out there as we go.
UnEpic is now out on the Wii U. This game's been out for a couple of years, but it's that
platformer that has some RPG elements, D&D, NES-style gameplay. Or as Nintendo puts it,
UnEpic is a mixture of platform game, role game, I think it's a role play game, and joke
that takes place in a huge castle of medieval fantasy. It is set in the 80s style, but
completed with the most actual features. So, okay. That is available.
Wow.
I haven't checked that out on Steam. I haven't checked that out on Steam. I think it's in
my wish list, but anyway. So that is now out. You can also check out F1 Race Stars
Powered Up Edition, which is kind of like a cutesy cart game. You can check that out.
And then as far as Virtual Console goes, this is pretty cool. Castlevania II, Simon's
Quest. I think this game kind of gets shit on unnecessarily, but I kind of think it is
the reason we have things like Super Metroid and Metroidvania, meaning like, you know,
Symphony of the Night and so forth. It really kind of can be traced back to a game like
Castlevania II, which I love imperfections and all. And Badass Soundtrack, most importantly.
Absolutely Badass Soundtrack.
Speaking of classics, more PlayStation 1 or PS1 games are going to be out on the PlayStation
network in January and February, thanks to Monkey Paw Games. The big release they're
going to come out with on February 18th is Tomba 2, The Evil Swine Return. I remember
the Tomba games. The original Tomba is already out. That came out in 2012. But some other
games that will be coming out, Double Dragon, the Neo Geo Double Dragon. This is the one
that's based on the film adaptation of Double Dragon. That's why they got that out of the
way first, I'm thinking. But some other games that are coming out, let's see, Lucifer Ring,
The Fireman 2, Pete and Danny, Hyper Crazy Climber, and Wolf Fang. So these are obviously
very niche, kind of cult titles. But I think that's really cool because, you know, a whole
new audience can kind of find these now thanks to PlayStation Network. So that's neat. And
lastly, if you were looking forward to Star Wars 1313, you might be waiting a long time
because unfortunately, Star Wars 1313, although we saw it at E3 2012, we knew it was going
to have some issues once Disney bought LucasArts. Well, Disney let the trademark on Star Wars
1313 lapse. And that's not a good sign. That means they probably aren't doing anything
with it now unless maybe they could have took some of it and put it in a new game. And that's
probably what's happened with this is that they are making it work for a different video
game to come out in 2015 with the new movie. You basically said the same thing when the
acquisition happened. But we basically knew that this happened when they shuttered LucasArts,
at least as far as development, development such publisher is concerned. Right. But this
was this was this. And I think some of us were explicitly called out as being I think
some of us were holding out hope that maybe they would shuffle it around some didn't happen.
Didn't happen. They're saying all the rogue squad, rogue crap, not Rogue Squadron. That's
the N64 and GameCube game. Attack Squadrons reached started sending out beta codes last
week. I didn't get one, but I'm still holding out hope. Oh, all right. There is new Star
Wars content. So, yeah, it's still actually happening on over to dark soccer for the rest
of our rapid fire news. Just a few things. Gabe Newell says he's fine with origin being
on steam machines. He's not worried. In fact, he says we're trying to make it as open as
possible. If he wants to put origin on it, that would be fine. Does origin even exist
outside of Windows? Hmm. I don't think it does. He said, well, if he would have to make
sure. Sure. But they're not they're not like if they want to, then they can. So, yay, that's
very kind of him. I don't think he has anything to worry about. And then there is a demo out
for a He-Man playable side scroller and brawler. And it is available for PC on Gamejolt. And
there's files for an Android version that's on a Dropbox. But you'd have to follow the
link. And they're planning on making Shira as a playable character. Sweet. And then we
have to find that little wizard guy hiding in the background somewhere. What's his name?
Orko. Orko. Yeah. And I think in for Shira, she had Madame Cal. So, no, no, not Madame
Cal. What am I saying? Cal was the owl thing. It was Madame Crap. Not Madame Crap, but I
don't remember. Now I'm thinking about the He-Man movie from 1984. It was Dolph Lundgren.
And Courtney Cox was in that movie. I was one of our first roles. With her big hair.
With her big hair. By the way, go into our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com. SEG is there
to let us know. Origin is on the Mac. So there you go. And then last news. This is sad
news. Is that the Doctor Who MMO is shutting down. As of February 28th, 2014, it will no
longer be available. All the transactions have already been suspended. But we can still
play Doctor Who Legacy. I didn't even know there was like a full on MMO out there. Yeah.
Because I keep seeing it turn up in what TV thing should be an MMO. Wasn't too interested.
Alright. Well, let's get into our coughing fits. Let's get into our FUGL question. Hey,
I've been doing it all show. Let's get into our FUGL question of the week. You take Facebook
and Google and slam them together, you get FUGL.
Every week we go to our Facebook and Google Plus fan communities. Available at facebook.com
slash orange lounge radio and google.com slash plus orange lounge radio. And we ask a question
and we read some of our favorite answers on air. Although I made it a little trickier
tonight. So we've got less answers because of it and they're all short. But that's alright.
Because we love haikus. And sure enough. Haiku. Haikais. That's a completely different word.
Alright. Anyhow, the question we asked, so we're going to ask the obvious question, what
would you do to boost sales of Nintendo products? But all answers must be written as a haiku.
Five syllables, seven syllables, five. Let's see how many people broke the rule. I will
be the haiku enforcer. Will you be the syllable police tonight? I will be. Alright, let's
go to Google Plus first because I always forget to start with Google Plus. So I'm going to
start with them tonight. So let's start with act deft. I'm going to actually dim the music
here to make it a little easier for you to be the syllable police. Alright, here we go.
Act deft. To avoid a flop. Nintendo needs games a lot. New marketing works. That pass?
That passes. Alright, good. That's actually really well written. Yeah, that's good. That
goes together very well. Retertainment. Create a better. Platform for online gameplay. Also
boobs, boobs, boobs. That was awful. There was no artistry to that. You fail. But it
passes. It passes. It passes five, seven, five and that's all I need to do. It passed
five, seven, five and you worked boobs into it. So I'm okay with it. I give that a 10
out of 10. No, no, no, no. It's a 17 out of 17. You need to stop. Total syllables. Five,
seven. Just stop. Paul L. I'll see myself out. Paul L. Here we go with Paul L. on Google
plus. Drop the price by half. Unique use of the touch pad. Pokemon Wii U. There you go.
Very good. These are awesome. See, I love haiku nights on Fugu question of the week.
I should do haikus everywhere. Excuse me. Haiku. We should do this show in haiku. That's
never going to happen with my big mouth, her big mouth, your big mouth. No, maybe five
hours, seven hours, five hours. All right. And you definitely being the seven. Let's
be real here. I have to work in the morning. All right. Travis H. Please give us more games.
Wii U smells kind of moldy. Do not do cell phones. But then in parentheses, he put mobile
gaming rumor barf. I think you're not allowed to have four lines, sir. Not, not quite. Not
quite. Last one. Oh, wait, no, do not do. Yeah, that's, that's, yeah, there's something
at the seven. It was like a bonus. It was like the bonus scene on the DVD. It was like
the extra line. All right. Okay, here we go. Yeah. Minus that extraneous sentence. Anyways,
there you go. Facebook tech 2030 on Facebook. Pokemon is what Nintendo must use to save
their failing console. It passes. I'm failing is a strong word, but I, again, it's, it's
hard to sugar coat the numbers. It needs to do better. A degenerate Johnny expand a first
party. Nintendo must be Disney. Buy up third parties. That's what Nintendo should do. All
right. You're not going to put games on the system. Fine. We'll just fucking buy you with
all this cash we have on hand. I wonder if they have, I can buy and sell you bitch. Probably
not. No. Realistically, they probably don't have enough to buy EA, but you never know.
Not EA, not EA, but their market caps are past Sony. So then maybe we should just buy
some, no bloody bloody blah. It was a terrible. I understand how finances work. All right.
Renee in a, for our buddy from Koopa club responds with the following Nintendo only
has to do one simple thing. HD retro games, NES remix. Anyone?
Eh, any S remix? I already told you my issues with that. Baseball is not a fucking retro
classic. All right. Neither is wrecking crew. Other than the horror. No, nevermind.
Continue please. No need to do their own version of super Mario crossover. There's only. Yeah.
Right now. That would be awesome. Like honestly, just why don't just do super Mario crossover.
I mean, all respect to the guys who made it, but since they kind of took a bunch of that
Nintendo's characters, Nintendo stealing their game would only be fair play. All right.
Our buddy Flaco Jones responds and says, no more 3DS games,
no more 2DS games, no more Wii U games. I don't think that's a haiku.
Someone missed the memo. You missed the memo. Just Nintendo games that play on all current
Nintendo consoles. They're all dual screen anyway, so it's not a huge stretch. You didn't do a haiku.
Boo. Sort of. Boo. Sometimes. All right. KJ. Fatal frame Wii U.
Lots of ghosts and scares for you. Body not ready.
That was four seven, four seven five. Unfortunately, no fatal frame Wii U.
That's five. I just police the police. Well, all right. I'm going to say
the next one I'm going to save for last because that's my favorite. So we're going to do that last.
All right. Dark charger said frame Wii U though. I mean, I liked fours engine.
And if they smooth out some of the rough edges and oh my God. OK. All right.
Dark charger says, understand online, focus on games, not gimmicks, cross platform support.
I'm not sure what else. What cross platform or maybe 3DS.
Eddie, who hasn't been on this show in forever. He really thinks that games should be not exclusive.
Nintendo to boost software. And that will be the first foot in the grave if that happens.
All right. Our buddy Eddie, who used to go by the doctor on this show and I hope he comes back someday.
I miss I miss his face. Eddie says, Legend of Zelda. Be unapologetic.
Oh my God. That's a hard word. Rage against machine.
Critical Myth says, Abandon Wii U. Publish to competitors.
Focus on handheld. Again, I know that's what people want, but we'll focus on handheld.
That's published on competitors over a Wada's dead body.
All right. Awesome Unicorn. I love that name.
So Awesome Unicorn says, To play is to love. Nintendo's strength and downfall.
Price drop. More titles. That was strangely poetic. I like that one.
All right. Renee sent a couple more haikus, but one haiku per person.
Fifth Dream responds and says, Any games but these? Zelda, Mario, Metroid. Do something new, please.
Michael H wrote a response that definitely was not a haiku. Sorry, sir.
Rob H. Definitely not a haiku. Sorry, sir. But Fifth Dream responded, which I think is a haiku.
Fifth Dream says, One of the best games Nintendo needs to reboot. Hey, you, Pikachu.
Oh, yeah. That'll do wonders for them.
All right. But here it is. This is the winner. You get a gold star, sir. This is my favorite out of all the responses. You ready?
Here you go. Gold star haiku, but I need it to be policed. From Red the Haze.
Sorry. I love this haiku. Okay, here we go. Ready?
Price drop. Price drop drop drop. Wub wub wub wub wub wub. M-rated games, please.
It passes. Price drop. Price drop. Price drop drop drop. Wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub.
No. You win, sir. You win an internet. Congratulations. No.
Red the Haze, your username has never been more appropriate considering that Rob's face is being red right now.
Price drop. Price drop drop drop wub wub wub wub wub. No.
I'm gonna be- I'm gonna be like walking to the mall tomorrow for some sale or something and I'm just gonna be in the middle of the mall.
Yeah. I'm gonna start strutting. Price drop. Price drop drop wub wub wub wub wub.
All right. Well, I'm glad we could laugh on this episode for once.
All right. Hey, we've been having a good time. We've been having a good time.
We've been having quite the gay old time.
All right. Actually, Black Wolf says I could give him loot. That's right. I could assign him specific loot. Maybe I will do that.
I'll see if he has a VoG network account. I'll give him some type of- I'll give him a cherry blossom or something because he's such a haiku.
Give him the- Give him a dubstep gun. A dubstep gun. Yeah, I was gonna say a dubstep gun.
Well, I'm not- We can't give things that are copyright. Like, I can't give out Mickey Mouse ears.
Give him an extraneous bass EDM gun. All right.
Give him a golden 575. There you go. All right.
Hey, that's a good idea. There you go. All right.
And to make like ripples for the bass. Like, 575 with a big button in it. Sorry.
All right. We'll figure something out.
I'm sorry. Tigerclaws said haiku dubstep. Let's make it happen.
I only keep thinking about is there's a- You know what Enka is, right?
Yes, I do.
There's an Enka singer who-
In case the listeners don't, you might want to explain.
It's really sad, sappy. It's done a really melancholy style and it's pretty much just for- just a Japanese style.
But there's a singer out there who is a quarter Japanese named Jetero and he does Enka hip-hop style.
And that's all I was thinking about is Jetero. He does nothing but Enka covers hip-hop style.
So, anyway. I have like his last two albums. They're very good.
Well, for all the big audience looking for that. All right.
Yes, I like Enka. Shut up.
All right. Let's move on with some more gaming news. Loki.
All right. So, let's see. I was kind of distracted by it. I was actually looking at a further topic here.
Let's talk a little bit about baseball. And, you know, it's funny. We had a baseball series.
Well, the 2K series just kind of up and cancel itself.
Now, we have an old baseball series coming back. And RBI Baseball is that series.
It's RBI Baseball 14. It's supposed to be coming out from Time Warner Interactive.
Or, yes, I'm sorry. The Time Warner Interactive did the original one.
But this one's supposed to be coming out on consoles and mobile.
And it doesn't really say on who's developing yet. But, I don't know.
It's interesting to see that coming back. I don't know if it's actually going to be like a full-fledged game.
You know, when they mention mobile, I always think something, you know, very quick being done.
But it'd be interesting to see yet another series and hopefully something that's actually on the Xbox.
Because right now the only option for baseball is, you know, MLB 14 the show.
Yeah, something that finally gets baseball games back in the limelight considering the news we've been reporting on over the last month.
Yeah. I'm surprised they couldn't, like, have, you know, they just gave up on that.
You know, maybe just 2K Sports, they've been doing pretty good stuff with NBA.
I'm surprised that they couldn't do that same type of thing with MLB. I don't know.
As much as I like the whole idea of like, ooh, retro with RBI baseball.
You know, obviously I'm not a big sports gaming person anyway.
But I don't remember RBI baseball really being a particular favorite of mine.
So, when I kind of hear this is coming back, I'm like, eh.
Maybe it's just one of those things where it's like in name only. I don't know.
Well, and also too, you know, not everything that comes back was necessarily great.
Because remember they did a redo of Tecmo Bowl and I don't think that was that great on the Wii either.
It really wasn't, which was really unfortunate. It just wasn't the same as the original.
Or Blitz. You know, remember Blitz? They tried to make it all hardcore.
Or NBA Jam. Oh my God, the new NBA Jam was really not good.
Yeah.
So, yeah, sometimes it's just not the same. But it could also end up being better. Who knows?
Speaking of reboots, here's a game that they rebooted and it came out way better.
Like, it was for the better for it. And it's Tomb Raider.
And there is yet some more news coming out on Tomb Raider as we're heading into the, what is it?
The definitive Lora's Hair edition. You know, the one that's coming out soon.
Definitive and game of the year.
I was going to say, definitive game of the year edition or whatever.
So, Tomb Raider is, the big kind of buzz quote about the story this week is that
Tomb Raider is finally in the black. Meaning it's finally been a profitable game.
And this goes back to that story where they mentioned that Square Enix at one point had said,
oh, very disappointed that the game didn't sell, you know, what it was supposed to.
And only 3.4 million. Well, they were expecting 5 to 6 million.
Well, a lot of that has to do with the cost to make the game. Because, you know, pretty games don't come cheap.
So, the news got around and in an interview with Eurogamer, executive producer Scott Amos said that quote,
by the end of last year, Tomb Raider is in the black. We've crossed the line of profitability for the last gen and PC versions.
And so I imagine the definitive edition, I mean, I don't want to call it a cash in.
Because, you know, obviously it looks like they've done more than just port the game to the other system.
So I want to give it a little more credit than that.
But obviously it's kind of a way to put it even further in the black, let's say.
I imagine a game like this didn't cost nearly that same amount of money to end up making.
So to try to get this out there for the people that might have missed Tomb Raider the first time,
you know, now that they're getting PlayStation 4s in the house or what have you, or Xbox Ones is the case maybe.
I imagine, you know, it's going to push itself even further into the black and hopefully justify the continuation of the series.
Because I think all of us here at OLR, as well as you guys in chat and so forth,
we'd like to see a sequel in this style of Tomb Raider. At least I know I would.
I hope that if they do do a sequel, however, though, that we get to start in Loras' mansion and commit suicide in hideous ways,
just like in the original PC game.
That was great. That was in the second one.
Or as Dark Sakura will call it, Girl 2.
I need to find that picture again and link it to everybody.
I have to thank Alan for the idea.
Other continued comments from that interview.
As a franchise, Square Enix has clearly invested in us.
They already let us get kickstarted on a sequel and they backed us with the game's upcoming definitive edition.
That's right. We already knew it because that comic thing had spoiled and they had to come out and say,
yes, we're doing something else. So there you go.
They've always been behind us regardless of maybe what was said or how it was said in the press.
And certainly at the end of the year, we've actually gone over expectations because we've managed to get profitability back.
So great. Can't wait to see what's next in that franchise.
It'll be a lot of fun.
All right. Let's go on with some more stories. Dark Sakura.
Well, I have a story.
As soon as my tablet stops choking. There we go.
Basically, Valve has paid the community content creators four hundred thousand dollars collectively in the first week of January.
They they did it during.
They actually came up with a statement on Steam Day.
And the content, you know, like we all know, is just regular people out there making content to resell.
You know, whether it be Team Fortress 2 stuff or, you know, making gifts for other people, making.
You know, there's all kinds of different games and items that have come out.
So. Steam's paying for it. So they're like, thank you. Here, have money.
Which makes me kind of want to do hats now. Should I make hats, Rob?
Hats would be awesome, actually. So. Very cool. All right.
Well, let's move on with just a couple more stories for the mailbag. Loki.
Yes. So, you know, you may have heard that there's been some multiplayer alpha invites going out for Titanfall.
And of course, all of them are under NDA, which means we need to upload that shit to the Internet as fast as possible.
And that's what's happened. So there's a lot of gameplay from Titanfall making it out to the Internet.
And I don't know, I've actually checked out some of it. It looks better than I thought it would be.
And looks actually quite fun. Although, you know, some of the stuff in there is very early.
Like the textures are only 25%. As detailed as they're going to be in the final version.
Which, that being said, they still look really good already, so I don't know.
And then also the gameplay looks pretty fast. It just looks interesting. I don't know. Very fast paced.
So I probably have to check that out on 360 when it comes out.
Yeah, if you're looking for some video, check out Dailymotion, because they seem to have a lot of gameplay feeds on there.
Yeah, I was checking out one of those bootleg feeds. It looks pretty cool.
Yeah, it does. And I mean, it looks like there's still a lot of people running around, even though it's only 6 on 6.
There's a lot of AI players and stuff in there, and the mechs and everything is still pretty crazy.
So I don't think the 6 on 6 now, after seeing all the people complain about it, is going to be that big of an issue.
I always thought that discussion was way overhyped. I didn't think that was going to cripple the game at all.
I am a little concerned that the AI is as stupid as it is in the video that they're being shown me.
Because this game is only a couple months out, or not even, like pretty much a month and a half away.
So hopefully they can fix that in time.
Alright. Well, let's go to the mailbag.
You know, we encourage you to send your emails and feedback to the show at mailbag at orangelaundraider.com.
And every week, usually DarkSakura will dive in the mailbag head first and pull out an email.
There's that diving thing again.
Why can't I cannonball or belly flop?
Well, this week DarkSakura is pouting at the top of the diving board saying, I want to cannonball.
So Jason will have to dive instead.
She's the little kid throwing a hissy fit on the side of the pool.
But it's wet! And it's cold! And it's water!
I think right now I have the perfect voice to do whiny three-year-old.
I don't want you in the mailbag!
Oh, you are correct in that assumption.
So listeners, thank you for that one.
Woohoo!
Alright.
Woohoo!
Well, for those that are still connected and listening to the show after that.
Alright, let's get to the mailbag. Jason, if you wouldn't mind.
Rob-a-bub-a-bub-a-bub-a-bub-a says...
Oh, speaking of Rob.
Rob and Jason talked about how racy content is getting onto the PSN livestreams.
PS4 livestreams.
I looked on Tuesday and I can thankfully say I didn't find anything sexually charged.
That must be mostly a weekend thing.
Yeah, weekend holidays.
There was a guy drinking himself drunk and another getting high off camera.
But there was also a guy jamming on his electric guitar to make things a bit better.
Then I read the chat and it was awful!
They made fun of the way the people on camera looked, dressed, acted, and they also made the most disgusting situations.
From what pit do these words come from?
I'm not one for censorship, but it tested my resolve.
I'm all about self-censorship, so I turned that crap off.
The language being used by the broadcasters themselves wasn't too clean either, but that's another issue.
So, yeah, even if the content on screen isn't rolling with it, the masses can say what they want to say, and it usually leans in a very particular direction.
The chat is almost worse in many ways than what's being offered out there on PlayStation 4 because the stories we were telling last week,
obviously those were some of the big horror stories, if you will, but that's not all the feeds.
I mean, once again, I was trying to find a shocking feed to show Dark Sakura before the show tonight because she wasn't here last week to hear,
well, I mean, she heard the discussion, but she wasn't here to participate in it.
But when I looked at those feeds today, I was like, ah, there really isn't anything that scandalous.
There was some girl there that was, she had an accent. She's like Australian maybe.
She was sitting there and it was just, she was just sitting there reading the chat and responding to it.
But then once again, looking at the chat, people would say things like, you know, it was just, you know, calling her names and stuff like that.
It's just pretty disgusting.
I don't see why people think that that's okay.
You know, they've got this layer of anonymity being on the internet, but I still don't think...
That's enough.
And sometimes it takes less than that.
In the end, in the end, in the end, what I don't see is how people fundamentally think that it is okay to speak to another human being that way, even if they are hidden by anonymity.
By no means am I defending it. I'm sure you know that.
And if any of you listening to this have done it, I want you to go find whoever you've done it to and apologize before I spank you.
Because clearly you weren't taught to respect other people and I don't want that type of behavior associated with the show.
I think the people that listen to this show and have made it this far in this show are too smart to do something like that. I really hope.
And if you're going to be an ass to someone, at least have the decency to put your name on it.
You know, have the vagina to do it.
Have the, have the uteral strength to do it because as we all know, balls are squishy.
I, this conversation is kind of interesting. I've never really, I've never really said anything about it myself, but like, I don't think I've ever been anonymous asshole on the internet.
And I've said shit in bad moods, you know, whether, whether, I don't want to say people deserve it, but whether argumentative or not, you know, I've, I can, I can get nasty.
I kind of realized that sometimes I do that myself. And when I get in that mood, now I have a filter to just get the hell off the computer and do something else slash sleep.
Because it's usually fucking three o'clock in the morning.
But like there are some people that I'm not necessarily on bad terms with, but I just have snarky approaching snide reactions to.
And when they do something that I expect, I'll, I'll call them out on it.
And I don't know, these are, these are very different things though, because these are, these are things that I've formed with people versus people that I don't know that that shirt makes you look stupid.
That's what are you a lumberjack? I don't know.
Well, you know, this is actually why I actually became a moderator on DDR Freak back in the day is because just the way that people would talk to each other was absolutely horrible.
You and me both, not to mention my form, my section didn't exactly have a lot of the time.
That's actually how I got offered my position is because I was playing babysitter in my favorite forums, trying to get people to play nice because I wanted to see what people had to say and not see people just bitch at each other.
And that also got me on Gorillaz Unofficial back in the day. You know, it was, I have this thing where the moment someone starts insulting or treating somebody else in a sexist or racist or anything ist manner, they instantly lose all manner of respect.
I don't treat them as an intelligent human being anymore. I don't deal with them. I cut them out. They are no longer existing to me.
I made a point last week when we were talking about this, that it's not even an ist. Maybe there's a word that ends in this that describes it, but it's just a nasty mentality.
And it doesn't have to be born out of any sort of a prejudice. People will do these things because it satisfies a need.
It's the bully mentality. It's the put down someone to make yourself feel better. It's using the internet as validation.
To an extent. That among other things, no doubt.
In and of itself is super unhealthy.
It is.
So first of all, if people want validation, they need to earn their damn validation. And secondly, they need to validate themselves, not look towards putting somebody else down or telling them to kill themselves or bullying somebody.
There was another article, too, that I was reading today about a guy in God for the Life of Me. I can't remember his first name, but his last name is Hassan Hassan or something like that.
He's a writer that outed a transgendered inventor. And she said, you know, please don't say what my birth gender is because that's going to count as it's going to lead to a hate crime or something.
And it turned out that I read his article and he did it in such an insensitive way and did out out this lady and she killed herself.
And it's just that level of insensitivity that people have towards respecting other people. There is no respect when you don't see them face to face.
Everyone needs to realize that there is another human being on the other side of that monitor.
This is actually something that I didn't think about the Bay Area is that I've met a lot of diverse people in a lot of very particular ways over the last year.
Any other comments? Any other comments?
Well, it's just a mindfulness that people should have.
It is. People aren't naturally extroverted enough to understand that, though.
And people will also say that, oh, you're just being too PC or you're being too strict.
Why don't you just let people say what you're going to say?
God forbid you treat people like people.
Exactly. It's because and I also posted a link to another article earlier on my Tumblr about casual racism, how we have these phrases and sayings that are built into our language.
But in the end, do we really know where they came from and do we know how, you know, the origins of them, how hurtful they are?
And we just say things and don't think about how we treat other people.
You know, every every one of you listeners, you are each an individual and special person.
And certainly calling, you know, in calling things gay.
The word retarded, retarded, which is really, you know, I've I've been bad and use that and I really shouldn't.
Or saying someone is autistic when they're just socially awkward.
Yeah. Which trust me, I know what autism is.
Anyway, in the interest of time, I got to ask for your next email.
No, it's all right. It's just good discussion, but just as I have said at least two or three times before.
Be awesome to people. Those those people that they are people, too.
They have their own lives in as much history as they've lived up to this point.
And it's actually something phenomenal. And if you don't care, then don't bother.
There are 60 million things that could kill you every day, including yourself.
And if you've lived this long, kudos to you. You're awesome.
Next email. I just found plans for next weekend.
This is frauds in the intro. Hey, all our crew.
Hp here. This email is mostly for more as he's expressed the most interest in the speed runs from awesome games done quick.
But I think other people might be interested as well. At the convention AOD.
The convention AOD. I don't know what AOD stands for.
Maybe it'll make sense in a minute. At the convention AOD being held next Saturday, the 25th at the SFO Marriott near Berlin game.
The speed runners from AGDQ Trihex, who formerly held the world record for Yoshi's Island 100 percent, now third.
Cosmo Wright, who formerly held who formerly held the world records for Ocarina of Time, The Wind Waker and Commander King 4.
And ROM Scout, who holds the world record for Castlevania Symphony of the Night, will be hosting a panel about speed running at 6 p.m.,
followed by a panel hosted by Dasset Bro, an EVO commentator on fighting games and the community.
It'll be a great chance to learn more about the art and ask questions you might not get answered as candidly if you are asking questions in their chat.
Run Mrs. AOD's anime overdose.
Oh. Oh, so con this weekend. OK. I tried Googling it a couple times and I wasn't getting anything.
I was getting a Tomb Raider old something. I know it was mentioned on the show, but I'm so amazed, surprised and proud these gamers were able to raise over a million dollars for charity.
And I'm excited to get the chance to tell them how great I think they are for doing it.
So anyone who's free next Saturday and around the Bay Area, stop on by.
I'm freaking there. Hell, yes. Awesome.
I would love to go, but that's not going to happen.
Not that I don't think this is great. Just, you know, the trip and everything. But please.
Oh, it's going to be big. Send our love.
Damn, that's going to be exciting. All right.
Suppolar. I'll try to be brief for anyone. There's a nasty canasta for anyone, including Mr. Black Wolf, if he's around, who's used or reads about the Oculus Rift.
Has there been any issues brought up with people who have vision problems?
I'd like to try the rift someday, but I am near sighted in my left eye, so I'm afraid I won't be able to enjoy it.
Unrelated, but because of my eye problem, I cannot see 3D images, not even on my 3DS.
This is a principal article that Sir Black Wolf wrote up on the site in the start of December, mid-November, one of the two.
I'm laughing because I don't want to say it's the exact same thing, but Bobby has a vision impairment that's exactly what you're describing.
And you know how much he talks about the rift.
And keep in mind, the whole point of, and I've been sort of phrasing it incorrectly, that it's specifically lenticular 3D.
Well, it kind of is, but if you've ever ripped one of the little 3DS files on it, it's actually two images that are superimposed at different opacities.
And it's meant for one eye to read one part of the image, and the other eye to read the other part of the image.
And if you don't have that synchronization between your eyes, you're not going to see it. You're going to see a blur.
SaganChat says, to answer the writer, wait till they develop their tech to solve these problems.
It's true. It's not totally done yet either.
But keep in mind, there's more to it than just the 3D imagery.
That whole sensation of looking around and having the movement, that's a lot too.
And I think, well, you know, like I said, Bobby, and he wrote an article on the site about it, so go dig through the things he's written on the rift.
Because he explains exactly what his vision thing is that's going on, and how he still enjoys the rift.
So you might find that it's a very similar story to what you've got.
If you're a PlayStation owner or PC owner, go check out DC Universe Online.
Yes, I know, DC, but it is more of like a beat-em-up style MMO, and it's a little more fast-paced.
And I think is exactly the type of thing you're looking for there.
I honestly did find some enjoyment with Ragnarok Online too.
Because, I mean, it has a lot of that same repetitive beating over and over.
But it was a little bit easier to control.
I think you're always going to find floatiness in an MMO.
You know, just the nature of multiplayer, not to mention massively multiplayer, things are a hell of a lot more difficult.
And so, for the foreseeable future, until internet and processing speeds and everything else improve dramatically,
MMOs may not be your cup of tea, as I've resigned myself to think right now.
In the chat, the individual I keep saying is 13x forever, but Jason pointed out to me it might actually be Lex forever, L-E-X forever.
It says WildStar, it's awesome for an MMO. I've been hearing a lot of good stuff about WildStar too, I want to check that out.
Lastly, since I kind of broke Jason's brain because he had to rush through reading my last email, here's a link to a huge roguelike wiki, since he said he likes them so much.
O-R-G-U-E-B-A-S-I-N dot com. I will definitely be partaking of this as soon as I get back.
Assuming I don't just get back, crawl in bed, and pass out like immediately.
Thank you, Nasty Canasta.
That's a phrase I like to utter on this show. Thank you, Nasty Canasta.
One more email from Brozime.
Hey O-L-R, I'm a relatively new listener since about episode 500 and normally can't listen live due to work. However, having just listened to your discussion about the good and bad of streaming from last week, I would like to know what you think about the mandatory stream delay of about a minute on Twitch.
I think it's a huge issue since most streams I watch, I do so because the host interacts with the chat. For me personally, I stream to my friends to record commentary for YouTube.
Since they imposed this new delay in lieu of the consoles getting streaming functionality, it's been impossible to do either of the things we had the possibility of doing before.
I really love listening to O-L-R to keep my brain working at work. Hope you guys stick around, and I'm sorry if my grammar isn't tip-top, dark sucker.
Well, thankfully you get the leeway of me, but unfortunately my own brain tiredness today packed everything.
I still got the sense of what was being said, and a funny little story that I wrote about the day before.
My own brain tiredness today packed everything. I still got the sense of what was being said, and a funny little story that I want to relay to this listener is that, guess what?
When we do this show here at Orange Lawn Radio and interact with our chat room, we're facing the same delay because of the fact that the setup we have here is actually slower than Twitch.
When we used to broadcast the video for this show live on Justin TV, just to give you an idea how long ago it was, when we used to broadcast the video of the show here and we had a different setup because we had the space that could accommodate for it better,
they would actually see things first on Justin before our listeners would hear it, which I always hated.
I mean, no disrespect, it's just the fact that I wanted the video to always be secondary to the audio because it is Orange Lawn Radio, but I'm digressing a little bit.
My point is that you still can work with that delay. Don't let it ruin what you want to do. Just figure out how you can kind of adapt with that delay.
But I'm not saying to you, oh, just suck it up, baby. I'm not saying that because, yeah, that sucks when you want to do that commenting and for the YouTube and you need to have that instant feedback.
I do run into that problem almost all the time. Shane and I will be live streaming things and he'll be on Skype and the way he sees the game is he's watching me on the feed.
And I'll do something and he'll laugh or I'll laugh and he'll be like, what just happened? I have to describe it to him because he hasn't seen it yet.
And it doesn't make for the best feed. But what makes for a better feed, and maybe this is something to think about, maybe it'll work for you, maybe it won't, is if Shane and I or whoever I happen to be gaming with, if we're playing the game together,
then if something funny happens, we both just saw it in the game. He's not having to rely on my feed. I realize that doesn't work for every scenario, but just think of it as a new barrier to work around.
Don't let it ruin what you're trying to do. But at the same time, it does kind of suck that people were used to it one way and then all of a sudden it changed.
And if you did adapt to the old rules, it sucks to have the rules changed on you like that. But look at it as a challenge, not as something to end you.
It's not a rule, it's literally a technical limitation. What would you rather have, a cap or low latency?
And the answer is that two different people want two different things.
I'm letting the e-mailer talk back to you right now.
I'm letting the e-mailer speak for himself. Well, we're gonna be waiting here for a while.
That's right, you wanna talk about delay.
No, yeah, we covered that. And I don't think I ever realized that Twitch streams were near to live.
I also have really no basis of comparison because it's people just doing their thing.
And otherwise, you know, mostly popular people. And no, not even that.
I've watched fighting game streams of my friend who doesn't read the chat except in between matches because you don't fight and watch chat at the same time.
So I've not seen the content like Rob's talking about where the delay is that impacting.
Because in most other cases, you can't keep up with chat that actively because you're playing a game.
What game doesn't... I guess Playroom is actually a real fine answer to answer that argument.
Yeah, but Playroom needs a delay and they need moderators.
Chat needs to be... I don't know. Chatting like commenting too just scourges of so much of the internet.
Bobby Blackwolf would like you to know that we actually did talk about this in the segment at the end of his show last week when he calls us.
So a cheap plug for the Bobby Blackwolf show if you do wanna hear us talk about this a little more.
I gotta ask, we keep things moving though. Sorry, new e-mailer and I'm saying let's move on.
5.35, revisit our same arguments. It is unfortunate. Alternatives do exist. Do check out hitbox.tv.
Came out of the conversation last week. I looked at it today. It's gaming oriented but nothing in their terms say it has to be like literally a game.
Alternatives exist. Find what works for you. Nico Nico, overseas. The Japan and now English site may also be feasible.
Maybe. Look for the tool that fits your needs. That's that.
Alright, thank you very much for reading those. Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Hopefully next week we won't have an hour long Nintendo discussion at the top of the show and we can spend a little more time on those.
Nintendo bicker fight.
Alright, not really, not really. What I love about the show is that it's not really fighting, it's spirited debate.
And yes, there is a big difference. There's a huge difference. Jason and I will hug it out later. Not in a sexual way. Get your head out of the gutter.
But you know, I respect, just like Logie. Logie and I fight all the time on this stuff and it doesn't change anything.
And we're still here. You three are here each and every. I've realized that this week. It's like, well yeah, we do this and we do this on the show.
I'm like, wow, this has become mildly second nature to me because I've been doing it so regularly.
And that's how we've done it for 12 years now.
And I mean, I literally don't know what the fuck else I do with myself. Like when I don't have a show on Sunday, I'm always kind of like in my mind.
I have so much time on Sunday nights. Where did this come from?
And I'm like, oh, it's six o'clock. I should be on the air. Oh, I should be listening to Bobby. Right?
Well, I usually am listening to Bobby anyway, unless we're both off and then it's like, you know?
All right. Anyway, focus. Let's get to the FUs of the week.
Here is justice. Here is punishment. Here is...
This is fucked up.
Um, FU to my voice not being able to lay back and the lingering cough that will not escape, even though I feel better.
So, and then having to wake up at 6 a.m.
Mm-hmm. Uh, Jason.
FU to Sunday drivers.
Frickin' Florian Perkins, Florian Perkins, whatever that road is down there.
Uh-huh.
I'm doing like frickin' 15, 20 miles an hour down it.
Hey, don't tell the listeners where I live, please.
You don't live on Florian Perkins.
I know.
They know it's in Sacramento.
Yeah.
I think.
Yeah, they do.
Somewhere in this great place.
We're moving soon anyway, so it wouldn't even matter.
Peace out, y'all.
No, I just, it was so weird. It was trying to turn and everybody was taking their dear sweet time.
Although at the same time, I was also rushing because I literally got the intro done 15 minutes before the show started.
So I couldn't have possibly influenced it.
Um, there's probably another one, but whatever.
My FU goes to these popcorn kernels because it's the worst addiction, but I'm totally that guy when I have microwave popcorn.
Like I've got to find those kernels that are like half popped and eat them because it's the best part.
Don't give me that look.
I'm not the only one that does it.
I've just never heard of this before.
You've never heard of it? You've got to try it because that's like the best part.
I don't promise that I will.
All right.
Anyhow, um, Loki.
Um, I guess FU being out of shape.
Maybe you need to get a Fitbit like me. We'll have Fitbit contests.
I don't know about that.
Me and Rob are friends on Fitbit now.
Yeah, we're friends on Fitbit.
Hopefully, hopefully each of us will inspire each other to walk and maintain step counts.
I am not getting one.
That's all right.
As like I said before the show, different strokes for different folks.
All right.
Let us do a couple more stories for you guys.
Then we'll get into the Skype line real quick tonight.
I'm not going to leave it open forever.
So if you want to get through, you're going to have to call pretty quick.
Two more stories first though.
Starting with Loki.
So hey, do you have an Oculus Rift and you happen to be a fan of Ready Player One?
Well, there's a tech demo for you.
And that would be the Stax Rift demo.
It allows you to walk through one of the locales of Ready Player One,
which is stacks of mobile homes making these mobile home skyscrapers.
So you can actually wander around those and check it out.
Looks kind of neat.
All righty.
Too bad I don't have an Oculus Rift and I haven't read Ready Player One.
But as a fan of the book, does this look interesting to you from what you're seeing?
Yeah, it looks pretty cool.
All right.
Moving on, this looks great too.
I need this game.
This YouTube was all over Facebook and Twitter and stuff.
If you haven't seen it, please look it up.
It's a game called Cat Lateral Damage.
It's Cat Lateral Damage.
I saw this on a Tuesday.
This is so good.
I'm sorry, Jason.
I'm going to have to play a video here.
Isn't that the game that Loki brought up for his game?
Oh, you had the name wrong?
He might have mentioned it during his gaming week.
But yes, you play a cat and what you do is you run around and you knock things off.
Why? Because you're a cat.
Much like Loki's cat that he's complained about the last two weeks.
So you run on these surfaces and that's all you do.
And if you break enough valuables, you get combo points and so on and so on.
It's a free download for Windows, Mac, and Linux.
Oh, I didn't even know it was already out.
It needs maybe some work with sound effects a little bit.
I mean, it is still in early alpha, but I love the concept.
This could be like a Katamari Damacy style game.
I'm sure it was inspired by cats in general and any owner understands.
But the particular inspiration in my mind from this game came from one very specific place.
You know what that is?
A little meme image that consists of a cat on a ledge with the words,
Fuck this thing, fuck that thing, fuck this thing in particular.
Fuck that, fuck that thing in particular.
Yes, I love that.
I posted a picture, it was called CEO Kat.
Kat, person sitting at a desk.
I should buy a boat.
Oh no, the one where he tips the coffee mug off the desk.
I think I saw it recently, it was probably during the show, but yeah.
Sitting at a desk all nice.
Tip!
Perfect.
Exactly.
So good.
Ah cats.
Alright.
That's what the internet was really made for.
We are going to open up the Skype line.
It's open now.
1877 Game OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
If you have something you want to call in to the show to talk about tonight.
Maybe, excuse me, something we talked about already or something we neglected to bring up.
Or a game you've been playing this week or maybe you have a thought on this whole Nintendo thing.
Go ahead and give us a call right now.
The Skype line is open, but it will not be open very long.
Please hurry.
Meanwhile, while we wait for those calls to come in.
Let's see if there's any last minute stories.
Loki, I always check in with you for last minute stories.
Yeah, there's a pretty cool ENB mod that's for Skyrim that's supposed to fix some of the memory problems that the game has.
And allows for draw distances which are really a lot bigger than they had more characters on screen.
And apparently less crashes and takes up less memory.
So, that's pretty cool.
Alrighty.
Oops, I'm sorry guys. I was hanging up on some of these calls accidentally because I'm on the iPad.
And it's like when I get multiple calls at once, it goes crazy.
So, go ahead and try to call again.
Orange Launch Radio on Skype or 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Geez, Rab.
Well, I wanted to take the first one because it's somebody that doesn't call into the show very often.
But then as soon as I was about to hit the button, another one came up and I was like,
Oh, I want to talk to the first one there because it probably has to do with the story we were just talking about.
So, I'm hoping they call back.
But if they don't, I'll go ahead and take another one.
But we have a stream delay.
Alright, there we go. I think I got it.
So, let us go to the phones.
Hi, on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
That cat GIF is the best GIF ever.
It is the best GIF, isn't it?
The best GIF ever.
That's right. What's on your mind, buddy? How you doing?
Hey, so this is Bobby and I wanted to correct a little bit for the emailer who was talking about Twitch.
Yes, please. Go for it.
Because I remember, Plug Plug, you were talking about this on your show, were you not?
Yes, I was.
And he said in the email that Twitch is imposing this delay and they're making it a mandatory delay.
They're not.
The actual technical side of it is basically Twitch got popular.
And the way they were doing streaming the old way was not going to be sustainable.
It was crashing. There were a lot of people having dropped streams.
I was having dropped streams.
It was getting unbearable to watch Twitch.
I'm already surprised that they can maintain what they've got.
Especially with the PlayStation 4 and now they want to get Xbox One in and on it too. It's crazy.
But it's actually, and they did this before, they had decided to do this before they added the consoles.
So they switched to a new streaming protocol but unfortunately it introduced latency.
And they're apparently working to lower the latency but it was either have the latency or have more people leave Twitch because nobody could stay connected to the stream.
And it was an unfortunate trade-off. And yes, Twitch has gotten so big and everybody's like, well I'm going to go to Hitbox and I'm going to go here.
And that's great. You can go there and then when they get too big, they're going to have to switch to do, you know,
they're going to have to do the same new streaming and they're going to introduce latency and everybody's going to leave there and go somewhere that's smaller.
And it's going to be a cycle. Until they figure out how to lower the latency, it's unfortunately going to have to be there.
It's not Twitch saying, oh it's the consoles, we have to have one minute of latency.
No, it's just unfortunate reality of the internet right now and hopefully smart people are working on it to stop that.
Yeah. I mean, I just, you know, again, maybe I'm spoiled because I've done this show for so long where we've always had that built in.
So I've kind of had to think of a way to work around that. I just kind of like, you know, try to look at it as an opportunity where how can I repurpose what I'm doing?
And, you know, to be fair, maybe I'm not, you know, because I don't rely on that two second delay or what have you.
I'm a little more, you know, I don't get as upset about it, but I'm just kind of like, I'm like, well, you'll make it work. We all have, you know.
Or you could just, I mean, there's going to be competition, which is great.
That's true. And that's true. Leaving Twitch and going somewhere else isn't necessarily, I don't want to say it's a bad idea, but I mean, the competition is, I've always said, I'm really surprised nobody's really competing with Twitch out there.
After these numbers that came out this past week, though, were like, what is it, more people are watching Twitch than Hulu Plus and watching like Spike TV or something like that.
Like it's, it's because there's so many viewers consistently watching all this programming out there. It's, it's pretty crazy.
So I'm really surprised that a lot of other companies don't want a piece of it.
I'm really, really surprised that the Xbox streaming is not going to be done through some type of Skype thing. I'm really surprised at that.
Maybe they're rethinking that.
Maybe, maybe.
So, yeah, so I just wanted to kind of correct that because I know there's a lot of misinformation that Twitch is being evil.
They're not being evil. They're trying to stay afloat.
And this is a very unfortunate and crappy side effect for some people.
Because I know people, they do speed runs or stuff like that, and they don't remember what happened 30 seconds ago that everybody's talking about.
And they're so used to, for the past couple of years, having one or two second delays.
They're not used to it.
And, you know, for gaming, this is a problem that is mainly for gaming streams.
It's a gaming stream problem. I don't think any other type of streaming really has this kind of problem.
But this is a new problem that needs to be addressed.
Hopefully people are working on it to make it work with low latency and able to handle a whole bunch of viewers.
Alright, well Bobby, I appreciate the call as always to help us, help keep us adrift here on what's going on.
Quickly, everybody tune into the Bobby Black Wolf show who is on at 5 o'clock Pacific, 8 o'clock Eastern here at VOG.
But if you're listening to us on the podcast feed, as a lot of people do, such as that emailer.
Be sure to check out Bobby Black Wolf on Stitcher and iTunes and all the usual places, right?
Yep, that's it.
Alright, there, I'm doing the plugs for you. It's all good.
Also, audiblepodcast.com.
Alright, take care Bobby.
See you Bobby.
Thanks.
Alright, we're going to go ahead and open it up.
Again, 1877 Game OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call.
And we'll take that call.
Um, Loki, did you get all your last minute stories out? Was it just that one?
Yeah, it's a slow news week.
Yeah, I was going to see, I was in the middle of it.
There wasn't really any tweets that I saw.
Was there no tweets?
Couple shoutouts, something out of context about dog style from last week.
I don't remember if that was-
Oh, that was funny though.
I don't remember if that was release dates or what we were talking about.
My ego loves it when people quote, or when people tweet quotes from the show.
Like, my ego really, really loves that.
But let's get into some more calls.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, this is Act Deaf.
There's a legendary attacking you!
Run!
There's like a Pokemon thing on your head. I love it. What's up?
Yeah, it's a Pokeplus, a battle from the Pokemon Y legendary.
Uh, well, first of all, the guacamelee, or guacamelee, that, uh, let's get that out of the way.
In Spanish, it would be guacamelee.
Ah.
So it's, uh, yeah, it's kind of like guacamelee, but yeah, well, it's similar in that spec.
Well, whatever.
But whatever it's called, it's a great game, right?
Yeah, it's a really great game.
I also tried it because of another podcast I listened to.
They were talking about it.
And how it's referential to a lot of Mexican, and also Dia de los Muertos, so Day of the Dead.
And it's a reference to that, so it's a pretty cool game.
And then, yeah, but it has a lot of references and all that.
But aside of that, another thing.
It's not Bobby, I love you and I respect you, but it's not Jeff.
It's not Peanut Butter, it's Jeff.
And I'm gonna start saying that in Spanish, like, heff.
So, that's to trick off people, because, seriously.
Yeah, guys, I'm gonna go back to my Bay Area job and work for GitHub.
This debate will never, ever end.
We're just gonna have to live with it, and it's just what we'll have to do.
Yeah, definitely.
Well, my call was pretty much about the Nintendo thing.
And basically it was, hey, Nintendo week.
Yeah, wasn't it a crazy week?
I hated that headline, though, that said they admitted they flopped, because that's not true.
Those headlines have been here for...
They've been ongoing for literally a year now, if not longer.
And we weren't hating them in studio, to be honest.
Like I said, I am still going to buy the console, and I am still in support of Nintendo.
I understand exactly what people are saying, and I think, without reiterating my points,
I think my argument was the best I could possibly say on this matter.
But, yeah, I see these articles a lot.
I don't know if I've said it on this show.
There's a quote that I thought of.
I don't know if I heard it before, or if I truly made it up.
But, in the case of punditry, in the case of news and this kind of stuff,
death and failure are the easiest thing to predict, because both are inevitable.
But that's all, like so many people talk about.
It's disheartening, really.
Yeah, it's really hard to bear on this type of news,
because all people are, oh, Nintendo's gonna go out of business,
they're gonna start publishing for other people or other consoles,
and a lot of stuff that there's really a lot to go through to get to that point.
And right now, while Nintendo isn't doing that great, to be honest,
but still, they're doing it decently.
They over-expect it, or something I had said on another site,
that they had a high expectancy of selling their console.
Absolutely.
So it was really over-exploded, or, well, you get the idea in this case.
Now, I have a feeling I know where you might be going with this,
so I want to kind of prod you with this question here.
What else is contributing to Nintendo's bad week?
Well, yesterday or, I don't remember if yesterday or Friday,
Polygon published an article on their site,
and basically, it was about an Earthbound person that worked on the Earthbound localization team.
He was going to publish a book, and he was going to promote it on Kickstarter and all that,
and it looked like a really good project, an interesting one.
But Nintendo said, no, cease and desist, and, well, the project is cancelled.
And now people are calling Nintendo and saying that they're dicks because they cancelled the project,
and it was going to be something that it was not going to even sell for a profit.
So, oh, they're saying Nintendo are dicks and this and that.
But basically, if you read the article, it says that the person did contact Nintendo beforehand.
Sorry if there's echo.
Is there?
What's that? No, you're fine.
Okay.
He basically contacted Nintendo, and he is under an NDA.
Yeah, I mean, as most people, when they sign up for a job or whatever, they're usually under NDA.
They can't be talking about the process or so forth.
I would think, though, after so long, it's whatever.
We always get expose books on politics and even movies and so forth,
so video games, I wouldn't think would be any different.
But I also get why Nintendo wants to shut it down because this guy would be making a profit off of a Nintendo IP.
Like, I get it.
The fact that Nintendo is shutting it down doesn't surprise me, and I don't see it as them being dicks.
It does make me go, well, what are you so afraid of, Nintendo?
But at the same time, I kind of go, eh, I bet a lot of companies in their position would do that.
If you don't, in the land of trademarks, if you don't protect it, you lose it.
So they actually have a very significant reason to do this, unfortunately.
Yeah, but can't they give him, like, instead of not protecting it, can't they give him permission to do it?
Something that I was discussing with other people, especially on GameFAQs, it's mostly a copyright reason.
It's basically they're protecting their IP, their product, because, yeah, even though he wasn't going to get a profit of it,
he was going to still sell it. It was going to be a sold product.
Yeah, yeah.
And I was saying something that probably would have been a, would have been, sorry, a great alternative.
He would have published a blog or a PDF, an e-book, basically, online.
Do it for free.
And I don't think Nintendo would have stopped that.
I kind of think that's probably what's going to end up happening.
If he really wants to tell the story, it'll probably get on the internet somehow. So, all right.
Yeah, basically. And I was, I was seeing the example of a Starman.net, the makers of the, of the Mother 3 translation.
Yeah.
They didn't get stopped. So what's...
But money, money was never, money was never, ever involved as opposed to, you know, funding investments up front and after the fact selling.
The difference with the translation is that it, it was, it, you know, there was definitely a lot of groundswell and a lot of people knew about it,
but money was never an object, at least not in large amounts from the, from, from everyday individuals.
They weren't, they weren't selling the game. They weren't selling the patch.
That's a fair point, though. It does seem weird that Nintendo never shut that down, but they'll shut this down real quick.
But I, I get, I get what you're both saying. So, all right.
All right. Akdeft, I got to let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thank you so much.
And I appreciate you talking about the Earthbound thing, too, because that's a good story to share. So...
Well, thank you for having me.
All right. Take care, my friend. And I hope that Pokmon doesn't eat you. All right. Bye.
Bye.
All right. I am going to have to close up the Skype line. I am so sorry to those who didn't get through, but just, we got to end here, wrap up.
I'm sorry we ran a little long. Those things happen. But please feel free to write your thoughts down and send them on over.
mailbag at orange lounge radio dot com is the place to send your emails, and you can also do tweets, twitter dot com slash o-l-r and all that good stuff.
Is there any other last minute story, excuse me, last minute stories, Loki? Sorry, I don't know if I...
I was going to say that I just saw this one real quick here.
Yep.
We're using the Oculus Rift, and also a Wii remote that allows you to play Quidditch.
That sounds really cool, actually.
That's the game that people want to play, I think.
That's very cool.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
Alright. Loki, good luck with everything next week, and I didn't have any tweets to read.
I guess I will say this real quick, though, because as I was going back through the twitter thing, I did notice a conversation that Bobby and I were having with one of our fellow indie podcasters, Godfrey over at Gamertag Radio, and he puts on a really great show.
It's a very different vibe than what we do here, but that's the great thing about indie podcasting is that we all kind of do our own thing and use our own voices.
He had a lot of good stuff to say about the experience of being nominated for a podcast award seven times and still not, unfortunately, winning and kind of seeing what's going on with all that stuff.
Does it make him Susan, what's your face?
They kind of are the Susan Lucci, unfortunately, but what they do there is really great.
So just kind of a handshake of support and a hug to those guys over there.
I think what they do are great and what a lot of independent producers do are great.
And I, for one, am getting a little sick of supporting these awards.
I know we've asked a lot for people to support and vote for podcast awards and stitcher awards and so forth.
But, you know, especially in the case of I'm just going to name names. Sorry about it.
In the case of the Stitcher Awards, I didn't see a single indie in the gaming category or over the map at all.
So I'm just kind of like, you know what, we could use our resources.
You know, I know it's good exposure to get nominated for those things and so forth, but we could use our resources to better promote our show, better promote other indie shows and better promote this stuff.
So I'm just going to say, as far as all this award show stuff goes, as far as getting our listeners to clickbait all this stuff.
I mean, if a jury judge award thing comes around, then sure, we'd love to be considered.
But as far as asking you guys to do this, no, we're done. We're done.
No more clickbait award shows. We're done.
So anyhow, hooray for indie podcasting, by the way.
Yes.
I just want to get that thought out there at some point.
Loki, good luck with everything this week and I can't wait to have you back on the show, but take all the time you need and we'll be thinking about you.
And we expect regular updates on Twitter and so forth.
Alright, you got it.
We want pictures of the small person.
Yes, we do.
Okay, well.
I'm sorry, the smaller person, because you already have a small person.
That is true, yes.
Well, Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is I need to go back and watch some more of the, what was it, the Skate 3 glitch videos I watched the other night and I literally got tired of laughing.
It was just hilarious. I mean, and I've seen those videos numerous times before, but the guy, I really wish I remembered what his YouTube name was, but he seriously makes this into like an art form.
I don't even know how he does half the stuff he does in that game, but it's amazing.
DarkSoccer, you two are starting a new adventure tomorrow of a different sort, so best of luck with everything.
Thank you.
We'll be thinking about you too. And your final thought tonight?
I've had to reset my sleep schedule, so I'm actually super tired and I have to be up at six in the morning, so I will be going right to bed as soon as I get home.
Thanks for the booze.
You're welcome, enjoy it.
Jason, thank you as always for being here.
Absolutely.
Sounds like your next week might be the last week we have you here for a while.
Possibly, yeah, depends on the way everything shakes down.
We'll see how that works out, but for now, any final thoughts for our listeners?
There's a Twitter account, emergencyNSF, and I opened it up and the first thing I see is a structure fire.
Crews just entering garage on fire on Dolores at 25th Street.
It's from two days ago, so I'm not actually that worried.
Seems the Bay Bridge is still up, the new Bay Bridge is still up, so I'll be able to make it back in and settle down and sleep probably another four hours because last week was insane because there were a bunch of co-workers in for a particular purpose.
This week, my team is in town. Literally my entire team except for one individual is in town. It's gonna be kind of insane and wonderful all at the same time. It's gonna be a good week.
And that YouTuber, I just remembered his name, HelixSnake. Go look him up.
My final thought as always, thank you guys for taking the time out to listen to the show. Support independent broadcasting.
We appreciate you helping to spread the word about the show. Leave a nice review on iTunes or on Stitcher or anything like that.
Unlike award show nominations, that stuff really does help, so we really appreciate that.
Help spread the word. Word of mouth is all we got because I don't got millions of dollars to advertise. I don't have a big website backing me up.
It's independent and home grown, so help us continue to grow and bring more mature, intelligent voices to the family here at Orange Lounge Radio.
And many different definitions of the word.
Alright, have a great week everybody. We'll be back next week to do it all over again. See you next time. Bye bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
you
