Orange, Lounge, Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Roto.
Tonight, November 15th, 2009. Has GameStop decided to start ignoring street dates?
Is Facebook integration coming for the PS3?
And Final Fantasy 13 finally gets a release date in the U.S. and U.K.
Orange, Lounge, Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange, Lounge, Radio.
Now with 75% less sickness.
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. I'll be joining you for the next three hours with my awesome co-hosts always here with me.
Say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi!
Hack, hack, cough, wheeze.
Not really.
Actually, you're feeling much better this week than those that heard the show a couple weeks ago.
Which we'll get into because the story is actually kind of funny.
Yeah, it's pretty funny.
But first, I have to introduce, of course, the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing? Techmaster Loki, who has to learn how to turn his mic off before we start the show.
I had the mic off earlier because I don't know why. I just turned it off.
No, I know. It's usually good practice if you're going to sit there and type on the keyboard or whatever to turn the mic off.
We're not that fancy. I know a lot of people probably envision us in some studio where we have those big microphones on stands and all that stuff.
I don't know if you've ever listened to Understation Live on Saturdays on All Games Radio where we tape our show, but they're on Saturday nights.
Travis had that whole setup in his house.
I don't know what Bobby has in his house, and he does, of course, the show before us, our good pal Bobby Blackwolf on All Games.
I don't know if he has the whole thing.
We have wired mics that just plug into this mixing board very crudely that Sherby the cat has to walk through like she's Catherine Zeta-Jones in entrapment to get through the cords.
She seriously looks up at me and goes, meh.
Meow.
You've seen her do it.
I have. I have.
She's made the noise of, help me mommy. Help me.
So it's literally just cords everywhere in this spare bedroom of sorts in Dark Sakura's house, which is just kind of the work room, I guess you could call it.
One has been taken care of.
Yes.
I went out to the dollar store and bought Velcro ties.
Even when you use the zippy ties thing, it's not going to get that clean. I mean, it's going to get more orderly.
It'll keep us from tripping over half of them.
It won't feel like whenever we're starting the show we're unpacking Christmas lights, because you know how that goes.
Even when you pack the Christmas lights away nice and neat, you'll pull them out in one big blob that looks like a triple that lights up.
Just because gremlins live in those little boxes.
Apparently. Clearly.
And Bobby is in our chat room, of course. Hi, Bobby.
And he says, I have the same setup that you saw I had at PAX, same mics.
And so I think he had the kind that actually sit there on the table.
Like if you remember like watching the old Howard Cosell sports show where they have the big mics sitting on the table or what have you.
Those are great.
Yeah, those are fun.
We don't have those.
We actually hold on the mics.
It's a wild world of games.
Good times.
All right. Anyhow, and if you want to join us in our chat room, please join us.
Chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
And yeah, I see some folks in chat.
Go to Best Buy.
Go to Newegg.
Buy some stuff.
Dude, we've been doing this ghetto style for seven years, and it's one of those things where if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it ain't fixed, don't break it.
Exactly.
Anyhow, so why we weren't here last week, which is funny because I had promised a couple weeks ago on the show that we weren't going to miss any more shows in 2009.
Which is also funny because you haven't heard like the last month worth of podcasts, and it all ties into the same reason.
Well, also, you know, it's because Rob had diphtheria and I had malaria.
No, but it's close.
It's close.
Here's the deal.
If you were here live a couple weeks ago, and you will hear this on the podcast eventually, we're going to have a big dump this week like we had last month where we'll get all the shows up.
But if you were here with us live a couple weeks ago, Dark Sakura was very ill during the show.
And we kind of all chalked that up to, well, she has the plague again, which she always seems to get once a year, or a sinus infection.
My annual sinus infection.
And I'd kicked up all that dust earlier.
Yeah, and so we figured, okay, Jamie is just, you know, the sick girl.
Everybody went to high school with one.
There was that girl who just seemed to get sick all the time, just no matter what.
My sinus infection is literally an annual thing, and it's always right in the start of November I start getting sick.
We love you, Jamie, but you're the sick girl.
You're the cootie girl.
All right.
Yeah, well, here's some cooties.
Shove, shove.
Well, funny enough, so we do the show Sunday, and come Monday, I'm starting to feel a little sick.
Tuesday that week, I start to get really sick.
My first thought wasn't that I caught something from Jamie, because, again, she's cootie girl.
I never get things from her, because, you know, I actually get cooties from cootie girl.
I instead thought I got something at Rocky Horror on Halloween, because, you know, all those people.
I was running around in Rocky Horror attire, which, if you've been before, isn't much.
And, you know, I figured I caught just the flu or something.
Actually, my first thought was strep throat, because my throat was very sore.
So, I go to the doctor on Tuesday, and she says, oh, what's wrong?
And I'm like, I don't know.
I'm just really sick.
I want to just make sure I don't have H1N1 or something crazy like that.
She's all, oh, my dear.
Because, you know, she's an old Filipino lady, so she always says my dear and honey and all this.
Oh, my dear, open your mouth.
Oh, you have a very red mouth.
Oh, I think you have laryngitis, but you do not have H1N1, my dear.
Do you want me to give you the test anyway, my dear?
And I said, yeah, just for peace of mind, give you the H1N1 test.
So, they shoved the Q-tip up my nose and all that fun stuff, and yeah, it still hurts.
But, no, it wasn't that bad.
So, I did all that, and I'm thinking, okay, whatever, I have laryngitis.
And she says, if I'm still sick on Thursday, call her, and she'll give me an antibiotic.
I'm still sick on Thursday.
I've missed two days of work at this point.
So, I get an antibiotic, and Thursday night was really the worst of it.
That was the night where I lied down, and I thought, oh, my God.
I, like, literally, I saw the light.
Like, when I closed my eyes and was lying there on the couch in my Snuggie
with my Star Trek Next Generation movies playing on Blu-ray,
because that's what I did when I was sick,
because I watched every single Star Trek Next Generation movie on Blu-ray in my Snuggie.
I literally shut my eyes, and I started to see the light.
And I'm just lying there going, this is awful.
This is horrible.
Whatever I have.
But, finally, it started to go away, and I'm thinking, oh, antibiotics got rid of what I had.
I must have had a strep throat.
That seems to be the most, you know, obvious thing that I have.
So, finally, Saturday goes, Sunday goes.
Monday, I go to work, because I'm thinking, I miss four days of work.
That's a lot of work.
For somebody who's a trainer, for somebody with, you know, I have a very high work ethic.
I don't like to miss work.
So, I go to work Monday morning.
My doctor calls me four times while I'm trying to teach class,
and I'm like, I have to, like, chase them down to get them to call me.
Why are they calling me four times?
I call.
Hello, my dear.
Oh, my dear, you have H1N1.
Your test came back positive.
And I'm thinking, what?
Here I am back at work sick, and I had H1N1 this whole time, and I didn't even know it.
So, it turns out that H1N1 test that she didn't even think I needed came back positive.
And I think part of, you know, and no disrespect to my doctor, I didn't have a fever when I went in there.
So, but apparently I had H1N1.
Prisby asks if your doctor is Miss Cleo.
Yes, actually, she does.
She apparently sounds a lot like Miss Cleo.
I don't know how old Filipino lady sounds like Miss Cleo, but just work with me on this.
Well, next up Rob calls me.
Yeah, one of the first people I call is Jamie, because I start to piece it together in my head.
I'm like, how the fuck did I get the swine flu?
Nobody else at Rocky is saying anything about it.
Nobody else seems to be saying, and I'm thinking, oh, my God, Jamie has these sinuses.
Jamie gave me the swine flu.
And, like, I knew it in my mind.
I'm like, Jamie's the one that gave me the swine flu.
And then I'm also thinking, oh, my God, Matt has a swine flu, too, and he doesn't know it.
So, like, the first people I contact.
Yeah, I'm so swine fluid out right now, I can't tell.
They drown my sorrows in chicken.
So, Matt, were you sick at all the past couple weeks?
My throat was kind of scratchy for about five days, but kind of scratchy as in, hey, that kind of feels scratchy,
and I get distracted by something else and don't notice it.
That's really, though, how it starts, is it starts in the throat.
Yeah, it was that same with me.
So, somehow, Matt, with his Cylon genes or something, was able to avoid the swine flu.
I'm still saying it's because he eats enough meat that it gives him an immunity.
But I eat enough swine, see?
Well, I actually ended up calling my doctor, and, well, I talked to the advice nurse at Kaiser.
She was like, oh, no, you're coming in, you're coming in.
So, I finally actually talked to my doctor, and we go over all of the symptoms,
because he had actually seen me a week before for my sprained ankle, which still, by the way, hurts like a bitch.
And he's like, well, you had all of these symptoms, you had that with your throat, you started off with a dry cough.
He's like, that's not how your sinus infections tend to go.
And a lot of times now, they know by the symptoms, because they're pretty standard.
And I ran a fever for me. I actually got up to 100, but that's high for me.
But I kept running a fever after the fact.
And the whole big thing for me, what my plague usually is, is if I don't treat a sinus infection or anything sinus-related right away, I will always get bronchitis.
And the last time that it got really bad, I got pneumonia, and I was sick for three months.
And it was a nightmare, but now he put me on like a week of antibiotics to make sure that I don't get pneumonia.
Well, the interesting thing is, my doctor's approach was very different than yours.
He put me on Tamiflu, which, a little late for that, right, but whatever.
And I got pulled out of work for a week. My doctor ordered me out.
I was already over it.
So was I.
Yeah, but I was already two weeks over it, is the whole thing.
And I don't know. And I think a big part of it, too, because you kind of talk about that as a soul.
And we will get to talking about video games, but I think this story is hilarious.
I was hoping I'd get pulled out of work a second ago.
Dan was sick.
Stay home.
Two weeks before me, Dan was sick.
He might have had a tooth, I don't know.
I was like, you don't catch a sinus infection from somebody. They're not contagious.
So maybe Dan started this whole thing. I don't know.
I find him.
But I got pulled out of work for a week, and I was pissed when it happened, because I'm thinking like,
I'm going to miss nine days of work when I'm trying to teach a class, right?
And I'm like, what's the point? I'm already over it.
But the point is, it's very dangerous to develop something secondary.
So pulling me out of work for a week wasn't so much for my coworker's benefit,
as it was my own benefit to not catch anything else.
Because you might remember, if you've been listening to the show a long time,
it's kind of weird that we're talking about swine flu so nonchalantly,
because it did take the life of a good friend of mine back in June.
And I miss her dearly. I wish she was still here.
But back then, we didn't know.
I mean, even just in June, it's funny, we say back then, it was just a few months ago,
we didn't know as much about the swine flu.
But I think what got her is that she had two things going on.
She had pneumonia and swine flu and ultimately passed away from it.
So that's where the swine flu is dangerous.
You talked to the doctor early enough, did she?
I don't think so, no. She didn't have insurance.
Yeah, I think you mentioned that she eventually was pulled to the doctor to go.
But yeah, I mean, that's why my grandmom started having the same symptoms.
I talked to her on Wednesday.
And I was like, you go to the doctor tomorrow. You go tomorrow.
And as far as I know, she's okay.
And let me read this from chat here.
DangerSkewInChat says, H1N1 is the most overrated disease ever.
And this is from chat.orangelsonserato.com.
Yes and no.
Like, you know, I didn't realize I had it until it was gone.
And I think that's saying a lot.
And neither did Jamie.
You know, I honestly thought I had strep throat.
I thought I had a sinus infection.
But where you'd still need to see a doctor if you have these symptoms.
Just because it's overrated doesn't mean you don't want to take it seriously.
Because again, these secondary infections are what's extremely dangerous.
It's not the H1N1 itself that's bad.
It's the fact that it breaks your body down.
And if you catch something else, that's really bad.
Like the feline aids.
Well, it's like, for lack of a better description, that actually is kind of, you know, the problem that you run into with any kind of immunodeficiency.
Mentioning aids, I was just saying that.
The number one killer of people with aids is pneumonia.
And I actually described it.
I was trying to describe it to somebody.
I said, it's kind of like having 24-hour aids.
You know, you don't want to catch something secondary in that window.
And I don't mean to speak so nonchalantly about something serious.
But if I could explain how H1N1 is dangerous, that's why.
Well, the same thing is like why I always have to be careful with my sinus infections is that all of the drainage is going to carry bacteria down.
And that gets in your lungs.
You need to make sure that, you know, you're not going to get an infection in your lungs.
It's just, that's really, it's, yeah, it's just like we were saying, it's like the flu opens the door for the pneumonia to come in.
Right.
So to kind of wrap this all up, because we've been talking about this for a while here.
And I know folks want us to get to the games.
Okay, pneumonia is H1N1's mother-in-law.
You just don't want her to come visit.
I don't know.
No, but to wrap it all up, you know, again, the moral of the story, you know, I'm fine.
Dark soccer is fine.
If you get H1N1, you'll probably be fine too.
You probably won't even know you had it.
But please see a doctor.
Go to urgent care.
Or not necessarily the ER, because ERs are really bombarded.
They're very expensive.
Keep in mind there's a lot of urgent care clinics that can do the same thing a lot cheaper.
A lot of free clinics as well if you don't have insurance at all.
Just see a doctor.
Get treatment.
Get on some type of medication that will build up your immunity so that way you don't catch something secondary.
So is it that bad?
No.
But should you take it seriously?
Absolutely.
So that's kind of the moral of the story.
Now that we've talked about our sickness and why we've been gone.
And by the way, you know, because again, this kept Jamie down for two weeks.
This kept me out for two weeks.
This is why things have fallen behind with the feed.
And I still have a cough.
Yeah, I still have a cough too.
Like now it's I think officially three and a half weeks later.
I'm still having the same type of, you know, that same cough that I had when I was developing that bronchitis back then.
So I still have to be careful.
I'm living on Ricola.
A steady diet of Ricola.
And apparently Chinese food.
Good times.
All right.
Anyhow, enough about flu chat.
Let's get into actually our gaming weeks as we usually like to start the show off with talking about the games we've been playing.
Funny enough, you think with nine days out of work, I'd played a lot more video games.
But that's kind of not the case.
I don't know if that's true for you too, DarkSakura.
But what kind of games have you been playing for the past couple of weeks?
Well, I did something bad, Rob.
What did you do?
I've been a bad girl.
Have you been very naughty?
I've been naughty.
Do you need to be punished?
I need to be spanked.
Oh, this sounds like a raffle.
Spanking! Spanking!
Spank DarkSakura for a dollar.
It could be like a charity fundraiser.
I signed back up for World of Warcraft.
Oh, you've been very naughty indeed.
Which I am, again, far from addicted.
I have played once with Marin since I renewed my account.
And then twice by myself.
I have hit a milestone.
I now have a character that is past level 10.
Congratulations!
I have level 15!
Draw nine age.
Welcome to the world of talent points.
We hope you like it here.
See, that's how it starts.
First you do it with a friend, and then you start doing it by yourself.
Next thing you know, you just can't stop.
Next thing you know, you're playing EverQuest.
Are you talking about Warcraft, or are you talking about...
Never mind.
Alcohol.
It's alcohol.
Ooh, alcohol.
Well.
And I'm actually making some Sims characters right now.
What finally brought you back to WoW?
What made you decide, okay, time for me to take the plunge and actually play a character this time,
as opposed to just slash dancing in Brill?
Sauce did.
Gotcha.
You know, just because I had such a good time playing with her during the trial that I decided to come back,
and I didn't like some of the stuff Activision did, but I liked some of the stuff, you know?
So I gave it a go, and I had a pretty fun time, and you should have heard me the other day
complaining about doing that one Draw Night quest where you ride on the back of the wildebeest or whatever it is.
And I'm like, I got a wildebeest!
I was like, hi, on Nyquil.
And Dan's in the other room, and I'm going, I've got a wildebeest!
And he comes in and goes, so you do.
And then I was like, taking screen captures of my, uh, of my griffin.
Because I was doing, oh, we're going back and forth on a griffin, and I'm paying for it.
It was just, I was just being a goof, an utter goof playing, but it was pretty fun.
I like playing by myself.
It's, it's, you, why do we play games?
To have fun, and whatever that is for you, and especially in a very broad game like World of Warcraft or any MMO,
whatever, if that's taking screenshots, if that's slash dancing, if that's role playing,
whatever it is, you know, it might not be just grinding to 80 as fast as you can.
It might be, you know, a variety of other things that make it fun, so, you know, more power to you.
Alright, I was trying to think if there's anything else I wanted to ask you about that, but maybe I'll think of it later.
So, if DarkSakura's done with her gaming week, then I'll move on to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
My gaming week was okay.
I didn't play a whole lot, though.
And actually, the last two weeks I haven't played a lot.
I've been just working on the main cabinet and getting that working.
Mainly choosing a front end, because I was originally going to start with Hyper Spin,
which is really flashy and looks awesome, but the problem is you have to make a theme for every single game.
And I downloaded every single game that's out there for MAME right now.
So, I would take forever to get skins for everything or make skins from scratch.
It's just way too much damn work.
I may end up going back to that, though, because I think you can actually put different settings for each game you launch in Hyper Spin.
Plus, it's a lot more flexible in what you can run in it.
But right now, I currently have Maximus Arcade on my system.
And I've been kind of working with that a little bit.
Their configuration that they had for launching games and using the menu right now is really jacked up,
compared to what the keyboard encoder that I have for my arcade controls is.
So, it didn't make any sense.
I'd have to drop a coin in my cabinet to launch a game, which is annoying.
So, I fixed all that stuff, and after all that's said and done, I still haven't gotten to play a game on it yet.
But hey, it works good, and I actually worked on a lot of stuff.
I wired it up for stereo audio, which is pretty sweet.
Loki, you strike me as one of those guys that doesn't necessarily do things to actually play them,
but you do things because you can.
It's one of those things where it's like, well, I built this whole arcade cabinet, and I have a thousand games on it.
I haven't really played any of them, but I could if I wanted to, and that's the point.
Well, it's a lot because I didn't know what games I wanted, so I said, okay, what the hell, I'm just going to download everything.
So, I did. I downloaded everything, including clones of games, multiple ROM dumps for each game.
Ms. World Nude 96?
Oh, yeah, that's on there, of course.
All the porno games.
I'm coming over!
I'm telling you, every game that's out there is on there, including like 50,000 Mahjong games I need to get rid of.
So, I just have to go and sort through everything, which is what really takes the time.
And then, the other thing, too, is because my cabinet has a dual sync monitor, so I can run games at the low resolution, 15 kilohertz,
which is what most arcade games are, like all their old school ones, or medium resolution for some of the newer games.
The problem is, if you run it at the medium resolution, your newer games look nice,
but your older games aren't quite as sharp because it's not running at the native resolution anymore.
So, it's a debate whether I want to make it look nice for most of my games or just some of my games.
I'm pretty much just going to leave it alone right now because I get to the Switch to actually flip it to that medium resolution.
I have to take stuff apart and I don't want to do that.
So, anyways, enough of the cabinet stuff.
Can I just say real quick on a related note, because I'm looking at our chat room,
Black Wolf, of course, our old buddy Bobby, who does the show before us on All Games Radio,
www.allgames.com, live on Sunday nights, says,
You describe me. I have a ton of consoles hooked up to my TV. Do I often play them? No, but I could if I wanted to.
That sounds very Jamie as well.
Because mine are not hooked up.
But you could.
Well, we do have the pile of Sega hooked up in the vault.
And how often do you go in there and say, You know what? Today I want to play.
I don't know. I'm just feeling very afterburner today.
I just, I want to play after. Do you do that?
We do that shit.
Do you really?
We do. But sometimes we also break out the PC Engine and play some cue cards.
But like in the front room, we just had, well, we loaned our Wii to Dan's mom for some reason.
But we have the Xbox 360 and the Playstation 3 hooked up out in the front, and really the Playstation 3, since it's a piece of shit,
just collects dust and we do nothing but play our Xbox 360.
Ironically, I'm in the complete opposite boat right now. I still haven't replaced my Xbox 360 three months now.
Haven't needed to.
Been doing everything on the PS3. I'm like in the complete opposite boat you are, but okay.
Well, yeah, except Rob, we have a choice.
Oh, snap. You got me there.
What am I going to do?
Speaking of that...
No, well, technically our PS3 is our Blu-ray player.
I have a choice too. I can play the Wii if I want to, like, you know, which I did play.
Well, I'll get to my game in a little bit. Sorry. I don't want to interrupt.
No, no, no. That's all right. Sorry.
Speaking of which, it's funny that you mentioned that.
I had finally, you know, after all these rounds of consoles being banned and stuff, I had one of my consoles banned.
Thankfully, and this is the best part because it works out perfectly, right now we have three consoles,
because I had my sister's console, which, you know, I basically swapped her the banned console,
because she doesn't play online, so she doesn't give a shit. She just wants a console that's modded.
And it works just fine. It just can't go on live anymore.
So, hey, problem solved there. So I have her broken console.
I have another console that's starting to go.
And I have a friend's console that they brought in.
I don't know if he's given it to me or what, but it's kind of broken.
So I have three consoles that need to be fixed, which I'm planning on doing soon.
I have a console coming from New Zealand, actually, that's a Japanese region console that's also modded,
so I can actually play some of the Japanese region games.
And then I have the four consoles that work right now that we're playing on.
But the ironic part was, the console that got banned is the console that we don't really play modded games on.
We've played, like, one modded game on that, and that's the one that gets banned.
It's fine, which is seeing all sorts of, like, it is dirty.
Dirty, naughty machine. Filthy Xbox.
You know, and the one that my boss plays on, which was my old modded console that died once and came back,
and it's completely just seeing all sorts of burns and you name it, whatever.
Those consoles are fine. Nothing wrong with those.
But sure, the one that played it one time, it's gone.
It's funny, though, because they don't ban your live account. They only ban your console.
So, since I have so many damn spare consoles, it's just like, oh, well, that's an inconvenience.
Switch. That's it.
I love that you talk so nonchalantly. Like, here I am talking about, I'm too lazy to get my Xbox replaced.
I haven't really done it for three months.
And you're sitting here talking about, oh, I just got six Xbox 360s just kind of sitting in a stack in the corner.
Ah, fuck me, one got banned. Let's put a new one.
And I understand now, I mean, they're banning consoles because they don't want you to play games.
I thought they were going to ban your live account or whatever.
Can I throw this question to you from chat real quick?
Lumi's in our chat room, chat.orangishonsider.com.
Does Loki think Microsoft is right by banning consoles?
Well, they have the right to do it, yeah.
I think as far as banning you off live, I don't understand why they would do that.
I mean, I guess I understand the cheating part and stuff like that, but if you think about it,
if they ban you off live, that's revenue that they're cutting off basically for themselves.
Also, because you can't really get achievements or anything,
what's to really motivate you from trying to get your, I mean,
because now there's no fear of you getting banned off live because you're already banned off live.
So burn whatever the fuck you want now and play it on the console without consequence.
That's really kind of the thing right now.
So I don't understand why they would do that.
I wish there should have been another way they could penalize somebody, but whatever.
I mean, I guess if you want to play on live, it's not that bad.
They're not banning your account, I guess.
It could be worse.
Really, the only thing that happens when your console gets banned,
you can't connect to live and you can't install games onto your hard drive.
I don't understand that second part, why you can't install games onto your hard drive,
throw on them faster, whatever.
Fine. That's fine.
For example, my sister, she doesn't give a shit.
She doesn't know how to do that.
She doesn't care.
She just likes playing my crazy Grand Theft Auto that's modded
because she likes punchy people 50 blocks away.
And who doesn't?
And who doesn't? Yeah, exactly.
So, I don't know. It's just an inconvenience, I guess.
But yeah, I understand why they're...
An inconvenient banning, the new movie by Al Gore.
Well, we're actually, to be honest, we really modded the consoles,
not necessarily to play pirated games,
but we were really just playing modded copies of Grand Theft Auto.
And now we're playing, you know, all have episodes of Liberty City Discs,
all legit copies, and that's what we've been playing.
So that's why we're kind of surprised that, you know,
the one console's banned because we haven't played a burned game on...
Well, actually, I take that back.
We played one new burned copy of Grand Theft Auto on that one
because I found a new way to get around their mod patch or something like that.
So we tested it once and it didn't really work.
And so then we went back to just playing the normal disc.
And apparently that one time, though, they found out.
And so they decided to ban that console.
But it's just ironic because we've been playing normal copies of games
on all these consoles for the longest time now.
I mean, if anything, they should be generous to me
because I bought six copies of their damn game, you know?
But whatever.
So yeah, lots of Grand Theft Auto.
Still hate the multiplayer in Ballad of Gay Tony,
but I'm kind of warming up to it a little bit.
Still don't like how it's not very open world,
but I'm kicking so much ass in it except for the fact...
We got one guy that was ranked 10 the other day that was cheating.
Totally cheater because he's...
Two shots and all my health and armor is gone.
Whereas my pistol, eight shots to the head.
Then they finally died. Almost beat him too.
Sad. Cheater.
Usually they drop out and I talk so much trash to them.
Good times.
All right. Anything else for your gaming week, Loki?
Um...
That's really it.
I haven't really...
I'm still sitting on my copy of Borderlands I haven't even touched yet.
I'm just like, I need to play this tonight.
I need to play this tonight.
And I go home and I end up working on the arcade cabinet.
So at some point I'm going to play the damn game.
That's like me. I downloaded a demo for a game called Torchlight
a couple days ago.
And I keep saying I need to make time to play this game.
I need to make time to play this game.
And I still haven't gotten around to playing the damn game.
Just like I signed up for the beta for Battlefield...
Or was it Battlefield Bad Company 2?
I'm like, I'm not going to play this.
I'll take your key anyways.
Boy oh boy.
But again, this all goes back to, I'm not going to play it.
But if I wanted to, I could.
And that's what it all comes back to.
My gaming week.
Surprisingly enough, because I was so sick I didn't get to play a lot.
I did a lot of TV and movie watching.
But funny enough, I did get my Playstation 3 Netflix streaming disc.
So I got to play around with that a little bit.
And you know, it's pretty much the same stuff you're going to see on the Xbox version
without the party chat.
Which my Xbox was borked before I got to play with that feature anyway.
So I'm none the wiser.
So I'm cool with the PS3 disc.
I don't notice a huge quality difference.
It looks the same to me.
I guess some folks are noticing a lot more artifacting on the PS3.
I don't look at the stuff with as fine tooth and comb.
I'm just like, you know, can I play the damn show?
Does it look decent?
And stuff still comes in HD if it's available on Netflix.
Again, the biggest problem with Netflix streaming is it needs more stuff.
But when you consider that you're not really paying a premium at this time
on top of what you pay for your Netflix fee, it's not that bad.
I didn't pay a dime for the PS3 disc.
I just signed up for the little thing and they sent it to me within a couple days.
I didn't get it the very first day, but I signed up kind of late too.
I got it like maybe four days later.
So I think that's pretty cool.
A little perk to having Netflix.
Also, as far as new games go, one of the new games I played,
I was joking about the Wii earlier because Dark Soccer was saying that she had choice.
And I'm like, well, I still have choice between the PlayStation 3 and the Wii.
And funny enough, I did turn on the Wii to check out the Excitebike World Tour.
Is that the name?
Or Rally.
Excitebike World Rally.
Because I was pretty excited about this game.
I saw the trailer for it.
We did talk about it two weeks ago, right?
I can't remember if it was the show we couldn't do.
So we did talk about this game a little bit two weeks ago.
And I was really excited for it.
I downloaded it, played it for about ten minutes,
and then the magic just kind of wore off.
And I don't want to say it's a bad game, because it's not.
It is what it is.
It's a reimagining of the 8-bit Excitebike.
But to be honest, I was just kind of over it in ten minutes.
How many of you guys have done this?
These games, these 8-bit games, we used to spend so much time with back in the day.
And some of them you can still spend a lot of time with today.
But now, thanks to the wide world of emulation,
how many of you guys will just load up a cartridge on emulation,
play it for like three minutes, and be all,
I remember this game.
Alright, Thrill's done. Let's move on. Play something else.
Pretty much, yeah.
That's what I felt playing this Excitebike World Rally.
Yes, I realized there was online mode.
Yes, the game looks a heck of a lot better than it did back in the day.
You know, I am totally aware of all these improvements they made to the game.
But yet, when the game itself hasn't really felt like it's changed that much,
I was just kind of like, eh, I'm over it.
And that's my honest feedback on Excitebike.
I can't really tell you if it's a good game or a bad game,
because I was just kind of over it in ten minutes.
And that was my experience with Excitebike.
You make my soul hurt, Rob.
Why?
Just because.
I mean, you know what's funny?
We used to play Excitebike for hours when I was like ten or eleven years old.
We used to play this game.
I would spend hours making tracks.
Making the damn tracks and all this stuff.
And yet, when I played this new one, I was just kind of over it in ten minutes.
And maybe, to be fair, maybe part of that was because the same day I played this
was the same day I found out I had swine flu.
So I kind of had all of that on my mind at the same time.
So in the interest of full disclosure, maybe I just didn't play this game in the right mood.
And, you know, I think a lot of people can admit
maybe you've listened to a CD when you were in the wrong mood
and you hated it even though you thought it was great later.
Or you watched a movie that you thought sucked
just because you were in a bad mood when you watched it.
And I think maybe I'm giving this game a little bit of that.
So take my review, half-assed review, with a ginormous canister of salt, okay?
It is what it is.
But I'm just telling you, that's what I played and that's what I thought.
But full disclosure, I had all this other crap going on too.
So naturally, I played a lot of World of Warcraft as well.
One other game I did check out was a game called 30 Second Hero.
I downloaded this onto the PSP when I was sick because, you know,
when the doctor tells you not to go outside and give people your germs,
you're like, okay, but I'm bored, I need something to do.
I'll go onto PlayStation Store and see if there's an arcade game I want to download.
And then I realized, oh yeah, they have all these PSP games you can download now.
What do I want to play?
Ooh, I played the demo for Half Minute Hero a while ago and I really liked it.
Let me check out the full game.
So let me kind of try to summarize Half Minute Hero in a nutshell for you guys.
Yes, it's a game that you play in 30 second spurts, but it's a little bit of a lie.
Like, I don't want you to think this game is like WarioWare because it's very not.
It's just, imagine that you're playing a game like Final Fantasy.
No, Dragon Warrior, I think is a better comparison.
Imagine you're playing Dragon Warrior just, like, freaking on crack.
Like, it's just fast.
Like, the battles automatically play themselves so you don't have to sit there and go,
fight, fight, fight, item, potion, fight.
Like, you don't do any of that.
You just have battles that happened and you just kind of tear through them and it's just a fast, fast game.
That's kind of what Half Minute Hero is, is that, you know, you go and you run through the forest
or do whatever you do to the cave where the bad guy is, but in each level, it's episodic.
Like, the first level is very straightforward, but then later on, these little twists will come into play.
Like, oh, the forest is on fire.
So you have to get here and you have to get this item, but, you know, you have to do it all before the time runs out.
Now, one thing they don't really tell you about the game, there's a time goddess that you can visit that will reset the clock,
but it costs money exponentially every time you use her.
So it's really, it's a giant puzzle game that plays like Dragon Warrior
because really the gist of the game is how do I get from point A to B to C to D as quick as possible,
making this whole thing work, what's the solution, without running out of time.
And that's kind of what Half Minute Hero is.
And although I just overly simplified the game, I think what's selling a lot of people on this is like kind of the nod to 8-bit cliches
because seriously, some of the dialogue in the game made me laugh out loud
because the time goddess is like, I will reset time for money.
Why?
I don't know, I just like money hearts, you know, like these very cliche, over-the-top things that just made me laugh.
So that's why I kind of liked Half Minute Hero.
Did it give you lulz?
It gave me a lot of lulz and that, you know, I think the people that at least localized the game, if not developed it,
were kind of just in on the joke and knew what they were doing and I think it paid off.
It's a cute game. 30 bucks, kind of steep, but I think for a lot of people are still going to find it very rewarding.
I will say it's worth the plunge if you are into puzzles and RPGs because I think this game is really a mix of both.
I think this game can be better defined as a puzzler than an RPG.
It just happens to have a lot of RPG elements, so there you go.
You call it a PRPG.
It's a PRPG, yeah, a puzzle role-playing game, I like that.
And then lots and lots and lots and lots of wow. I brought back from the dead my 80 druid and brought it into another guild that a lot of my friends had transferred to.
And I also had my paladin, my Heladin I guess you could say is level 72 now.
So being sick, wow, bad combination.
Although honestly, when you're really sick you don't want to focus on games.
Games take thought and energy somewhat, whereas Netflix and Blu-rays, much more like I can just kind of watch it and just kind of fade in and out as I'm watching it.
And Project Runway of course.
Alright, anyhow, that does it for my gaming week.
I think if that does it for everybody's gaming week we can finally get into some gaming news here now that we've been on air for about 40 minutes.
No Rob, food. Food Rob.
You want to talk more food?
No.
I do kind of want some yogurt or something. I'm just fat.
Alright, anyhow, I do want to say real quick in the housekeeping department our podcast feed is disgustingly behind.
It's just sadly been a recurring theme this year.
Obviously I blame the flu for that.
We will get all caught up this week.
We'll have a big dump of episodes just as we had I think back in October when we had some of the same thing going on.
So we will get that all caught up for you guys that rely on the podcast feed.
And we apologize for that, but do keep in mind the number one priority is pulling off this live show every Sunday night when we can.
But of course we want to get the podcast out there because we know not everybody can join us on Sunday.
It's just sometimes we're a little slow.
So please bear with us.
It's a lot more work than you'd think to turn the live show into what you actually hear on the podcast.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news finally.
We're done with sickness.
We're done with food.
We're done with all that stuff.
Let's talk games.
Loki, start us off.
Yes.
Well, as you may remember, earlier this week we had one of the biggest game launches this year, probably for a while.
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 came out.
And of course, being that it is a major game, there are going to be those out there who decided to break street dates and release the game early to try to be competitive, usually against GameStop.
Well, apparently some local shops in New York and Pennsylvania, as well as some parts of Ohio, were responsible for this and actually kind of from what I've seen all around the US.
But apparently in these areas in particular, what's interesting though is to combat this, GameStop on a corporate level has allowed their stores to break street date as well and release the game early.
What gets even more interesting is this isn't the only title that's happened to.
Apparently the same thing is happening now with the titles coming out next week, Assassin's Creed 2 and Left 4 Dead 2.
Three GameStops in the New Jersey area, Jersey City, have been putting out Assassin's Creed 2 and Left 4 Dead 2.
Also saying that it was a call from their corporate office saying go ahead and put it out because there are mom and pop shops nearby that are also putting it out.
To simply summarize this, it's a big ol' clusterfuck right now. It's a pain in the ass. Pain in my ass is really what it is.
I'm really, really curious. Okay, so the facts are we know some GameStops are bending the street dates to compete with mom and pop stores, or at least that's the claim.
It's not happening at every GameStop. It's happening, assumably, in areas where they're losing pre-orders to other stores who broke street date.
So first, let me ask you, because you work in retail and you said this is a giant pain in your ass, what's your perspective on all this?
Okay, well here's what happened with Call of Duty. First off, it was very clear what the street date was, and Activision has graciously street dated all of their titles during the fourth quarter,
which makes it very nice for distribution because we can get it to our stores that we supply, get it to them early enough so that they have a day one to be on an even playing field with GameStop.
Because GameStop, they're so massive, they get everything prior to street date because they're direct, and we do get stuff a lot of times on street date, but then we have to ship it to our customers and whatnot.
So everybody was under, they understood when the street dates were. The problem is though, there's some of these small stores that are like,
well, I don't know how I'm going to compete with GameStop. They're just so massive and I don't get all these perks and stuff that GameStop has. They don't even try. They're just plain like,
I don't know what to do to be competitive with them. So they decide that they're going to go ahead and put product out early to get a competitive edge.
The problem is though, they get caught, and the other problem is then these publishers don't just blame them.
Can I stop you for a minute? Out of curiosity, just because I don't know, how do they get caught?
They get caught because other stores around them, other mom and pop shops, especially ones that are playing by the rules, or GameStop in this case,
they go and get basically, and this would work also with movies, anybody that's breaking the street on a movie, they would go buy a copy of the game or whatever, get a receipt,
get some sort of evidence. For Modern Warfare 2, they actually had a tip line and they would call in and report it. Usually what happens is they will collect all these stores that were in violation of street dates.
They then go to all the distributors out there and go, okay, are these your customers? If they are, you need to take care of this, buy.
For Modern Warfare 2, here's the penalty. One, they would no longer be able to buy Modern Warfare 2 for the life of the title. If they're out of it, they're fucked.
It doesn't matter. They're not going to be able to buy any more copies of it. Also, any further Activision titles, they will no longer be able to get before street date.
Also, they're going to evaluate it, whereas any sub distributors out there, people that we basically sell to and then they turn and sell to other stores,
they would also be blacklisted from selling a title if they were caught selling it early or whatnot, or if these stores that they were servicing were selling early.
They would also be blacklisted.
Interesting, because I haven't heard this on any of the articles I'm reading, so it's kind of fascinating to hear this.
Especially with Modern Warfare 2, everybody's been kind of careful after Madden 10 this year, because Madden 10, a whole bunch of stores broke street on it, and EA got pissed.
They got really fucking pissed. First off, we're not going to street date any more titles to distribution, so fuck you guys.
Even though we had no customers that were actually breaking street, but they just decided to blanket everybody and do that.
Same thing happened with Batman Arkham Asylum, and Warner decided, you know what, we're just going to do the same thing as EA, and we're just going to say fuck you guys, and we're not going to ship anything early anymore.
And then the other thing is, then they decide, okay, well we're going to maybe allow you to do that, but you're going to have to get written signed agreements from all your customers.
They're going to be street dated, and we're going to have to ship it two separate shipments. It's just a pain in the ass.
Activision now, they weren't too happy about this whole thing. They obviously did not authorize GameStop to do this, but GameStop being as big as they are, they can pretty much do this and go, well what are you going to do about it?
And Activision's just going to go, well, we can't do anything because they're our largest customer, we can't piss them off. Really, they can do whatever they want.
And then of course, EA and Ubisoft were watching the street dates closely for Left 4 Dead 2 and Assassin's Creed 2 because of this whole thing that happened with Modern Warfare 2.
They wanted to make sure that no one was violating street dates on their titles.
So anyways, kind of go back around again. So these stores think that they're going to get competitive advantage against everybody else, and not necessarily GameStop, but MomPops, whomever. I hate to blame just MomPops shops for violating street because they're not the only ones that do it.
I mean, 7-Eleven does it. There's all sorts of people that do it. And GameStop did it. And the thing is, it's always just a few people that just don't give a shit that ruin it for everybody.
And it's these same stores, time and time again, they're violating street date on everything. Madden, for example, they know who... I mean, these people...
If I could especially see that with 7-Eleven, because you know 7-Elevens are notorious for being independently owned by folks, and probably a lot of them don't even want to be selling games.
And so they probably are just kind of like, whatever, with this whole thing. I could especially see it there.
Yeah, and let me tell you this much. If GameStop corporate has given these stores authorization to sell this game early, it's because they know who's selling it early around them, and they will get caught.
I was reading some TalkBack stuff on this Kotaku article, and there's one of the guys in there that was actually an owner of a MomPops shop, and it's just like, what a fucking douchebag the guy is.
And he's like, you know, we knew what the street date was, we decided we're going to go ahead and... here he goes.
Here's my two cents. I own a small MomPop game store. Modern Warfare 2 brought in ten times as much revenue as the store has ever done in a single game.
Why? Because I sold the game one day early. I could have had it last Thursday, but did you think I sold anywhere near as many copies without having it early?
No. But I had to sign an agreement with my distributor saying I couldn't pick it up until Monday, even though they had it five days early.
I can't afford to pick up hundreds, if not thousands, of copies of one game, although GameStop can.
The only jump I have on GameStop is that we all have the old gaming systems and literally everything else, and we have games early.
I'm sorry, that's a cop-out right there. The only jump you have on GameStop is that you can't afford to pick up enough copies to supply your customers.
First off, I don't believe that you run out of copies for your customers in the first place.
And second off, there's a lot of stuff to differentiate yourself from GameStop, and just using that as an excuse to put out a game early...
Well, first off, you probably can get blacklisted from all the distributors out there, especially if they find out that you're selling games early.
It's just a matter of time. And two, if your customers aren't that unloyal to you, where you don't have it out early, they're going to go elsewhere.
People, yeah, there are rabid fans of games that are going to go wherever they can get it early, but I'm sorry, that's not an excuse.
Is there an easy answer to this, though? Because the bottom line is, the consumer is just ultimately going to go wherever they can get it.
They'll go to the Ma and Pa store if it's out there. They'll go to GameStop if Kotaku, Joystiq, Destructoid, whoever runs a story that, hey, these GameStops in such-and-such New Jersey broke the street date.
You know there were people driving in from Pennsylvania and New York to these stores just to get the damn game, because the series has that big a level of fans.
Well, here's the problem. What they need to do is basically this. They need to enforce the street date violators.
So if these people are breaking the street, they need to enforce it so that these people are reprimanded for doing that.
That includes GameStop. These stores need to be all reprimanded the same.
And if you give GameStop an exception because they decided to break the street because someone else was, well, I'm sorry.
If I decide to break the law because I see someone else breaking the law, like for example, if I see someone speeding past me on the freeway and I decide, hey, you know what, I'm going to go 100 miles an hour, too, and I get pulled over for speeding, I can't blame them for speeding.
It was my own choice.
Well, devil's advocate, not that I don't agree with you, but devil's advocate, when you break street date, you're not breaking the law.
No, but you're in violation of a contract that you have signed, so you're breaking a contract, and you have to take the penalties that are with that contract.
Don't go into that agreement with your distributor or whomever, the publisher, if you're not going to abide by it.
How can the playing field be leveled between the Ma and Pa stores and the GameStops from your perspective?
Because I'm kind of surprised. You're placing a lot more blame on the Ma and Pa stores than I kind of would have thought, considering those are the folks that you work with, but a lot of what you say makes sense.
But the bottom line is that these places claim they can't compete with GameStop.
You say bollocks because what can they do to ultimately compete with GameStop and everybody plays fair?
If there's customer service, there's a lot of people, you'll read any of these stories about GameStop revenue, GameStop this, GameStop that, and there's always going to talk back to people,
I hate shopping in GameStop, GameStop sucks because I hate talking to these people, they're always trying to give me a pre-order or something, blah, blah, blah.
There's people that hate GameStop and are looking for another alternative, but the problem is a lot of people also like the stupid little perks that you get from ordering with GameStop,
little trinkets and crap that, if you actually look at it, it's not that great in the first place.
Some of the, like a keychain or something. Do you really need a keychain for a game? Are you going to be fine without that? Probably.
Are these Ma and Pa stores going to give you a better trade-in value on your game than GameStop? Maybe. It depends.
And is the customer service going to be better? It all depends. It's just all this hatred for shopping at Walmart or something.
If you like shopping at Walmart and you find the prices to be fair, then why not shop there?
But they just try to compete with them and then they give up so easily because they're not as big.
And they're like, well, why can't they get all the advertising materials that GameStop has? Well, they make a lot of it in-house and they buy a lot of games,
so they have the publisher backing for a lot of the stuff. They have the pull to where they actually make the publishers pay them for shelf space.
I mean, you're never going to be as big as GameStop. Get over it. You've got to find a different way to compete.
And I have other stores out there that do just fine. And they abide by all the street dates. So, it can be done.
Interesting little mini-debate in our chatroom at chat.orangelandstrated.com.
DangerSkew says, easy solution. Implement some type of server-side solution that does not allow the game to be played until street date,
just like what PC games are starting to do. But GameGuru and Frisbee pipe up and say, no, no online activation.
The games won't work offline, you know, and so forth.
You can't do that. I mean, because there's people that aren't connected to, you know, online.
And if that's the case, if they're not connected online, there's no way to verify what date you have in your system.
I mean, you can switch a date around. I mean, it wouldn't matter. So, I don't think that's a solution.
And really, it's just going to come with enforcing street dates.
I mean, there's going to be violators out there, but you can start weeding them out with all these titles,
especially around the fourth quarter now that we've got a few titles, you know, under our belt.
We can see who's, you know, violating these street dates and stop doing business with them.
And, you know, you put out that list to all the distributors and listen, if you're caught doing business with them,
we stop doing business with you. And that'll get their attention.
But at the same time, GameStop can't fucking just go break street date because they feel that they need to be competitive against these stores.
I'm sorry. You're not going to lose sales to these stores. I mean, you're fucking GameStop.
It's not going to matter if you sell two less copies. You're GameStop. You make seven billion dollars a year.
It does not fucking matter.
Do you think anything, any action should be taken against GameStop for this?
I think it should. I think what they should have done is taken...
They would have had a lot more pull if they took the high road and didn't, you know, put out any of these games.
If they just say, hey, look, we played by the rules, you know, because they actually have the pull where they can go,
listen, you're not fucking street dating more tiles because this is what happens when you're street dating them.
And they're a big proponent of not street dating tiles. Do you know why!
Because the mom and pop stores get it two days later and then they have the advantage.
Yeah, you never hear the complaint. You know, oh, well we got it two days before this mom and pop store
because they have to get it shipped to them, you know.
They don't give a shit because they're always in advantage in that sense.
The only time they have an even playing field is street dated tiles.
And when people start violating that, then they get pissed off because now they're at a disadvantage.
advantage, and they don't want to be at a disadvantage for anything.
Not to continue to drag this out because we're already running long as it is, but I think
this is just a very interesting topic to me tonight. How do you think piracy plays a role
in this? Because when street dates are broken, this is ultimately what leads to piracy. Let
me give you a perfect example. One of the big things going on right now on a huge live
journal community, Oh No They Didn't, which is always a fun, hilarious read, a huge thing
they're talking about today is that some Italian website started selling the MP3s for the new
Lady Gaga album. So of course, one person went in and downloaded it, and what do you
think happened? Now everybody who browses that community has a copy of the new Lady
Gaga album about ten days before it was actually supposed to come out.
Actually it happens all the time. It doesn't matter if it's the new Lady Gaga album or
whatever. Promo copies go out to male.
And I might be talking about some musician that you personally don't care about, but
keep in mind, I'm throwing music, movies, games all in the same boat here with broken,
you know, one person ruin, in this case, not even in America, one person in Italy on the
internet ruins it, the street date, and it has colossal repercussions.
Exactly. Games leak online early all the time. All the time. But it's not necessarily from
people breaking street date. It could be. It could also be people, you know, working
at these companies. It could also be people working for GameStop to get the game early.
You never know who is supplying these games to these people that are ripping them. I mean,
same with the music stuff. Music promo copies are sent out there to get people to supply
the album in their store. Movies and screeners get put out there, or they're just dumping
Region 5 DVDs from Russia that come out early, and you have DVD copies of all sorts of movies
that are out in theaters now and stuff like that.
Well, I think especially with music, they have got to tighten the window between when
the thing is finished and when the thing hits the street, because obviously, that is a rough
market right now. I mean, but funny enough, this is where games could be headed before
too long. You know, I mean, music is, it's tough to be a musician right now with all
this stuff being pirated so crazy, you know?
Unless they're the smart people that actually take advantage of that kind of market.
And, to be fair, some of them do. And at the end of the day, Lady Gaga's probably not going
to hurt any from this happening, you know, but, you know, the point still stands is that,
you know, there's a lot of people getting this stuff before they're supposed to be quote
unquote.
And it only delays the inevitable anyways. I mean, if they're going to, you know, put
up, if someone's waiting for a pirated copy, yeah, they may play, you know, they may want
to play it early. Then again, that also has its repercussions as with the console bandings.
So, I mean, everything has its downside to it, but I think, like, I know, for example,
Grand Theft Auto IV. Yes, I downloaded a copy early because I wanted to play it right away.
But when it came out, I bought six copies of it because I just wanted to play it really
early because I couldn't wait to get my hands on it, needed to play it, like, like in the
heroine or something. But, you know, but I still bought it. And yeah, there's, I do have
a problem with, you know, just downloading something, you know, early and not paying
for it. Not to say that I haven't done that before. I probably have, but it's stuff that
I wouldn't have bought anyways or stuff I try once for three minutes and throw it away.
Like a lot of the Wii games out there.
So and again, chat folks, look at the big picture. I'm not specifically talking about
Lady Gaga. I'm using that as an example. It's just one I happen to notice because I personally
like her. But, you know, I realize a lot of you don't. Look at the bigger picture. This
has happened to every musician because that window between when the critics get it and
all that is way too big. And, you know, again, one, especially with how quick and portable
music files are, one internet person leaks it and everybody on the internet has it. Insert
your favorite band here. It's happened to them.
It's the swine flu of the internet.
I guess you could say that. So, all right. Anyhow, I guess we can move on to other stories,
but it's just very interesting because, you know, in a way there's no, I guess, easy answer.
But it's just, it's stuff that's just going to be, this isn't going away. It's just been
brought to the forefront for once, I guess.
Very interesting comment from chat. I want to state here though because I thought this
was also kind of plays a part of it. Jimmy Jack in chat says, GameStop has a limited
business model anyway. Once digital distribution is mainstream, they are screwed. And honestly,
in my opinion, you could replace GameStop with any of these stores we've been talking
about, right?
Like I said, there's lots of things they can do to compete. One of the things I'll give
you an example, Play and Trade. They allow their customers to try any game in their store
before they buy it. That's a big thing. And a lot of these stores, you know, they're selling
copies that are sealed. And if they don't have a copy that's not sealed, they're not
selling it to their customer. That's another thing that separates them.
Or if you maybe just don't like going into GameStop because they have maybe a limited
selection of PC titles, maybe they don't have the retro games you're looking for, there's
a lot of stuff to differentiate yourself from all these other people out there. If that
were the case, then there wouldn't be any mom and pop shops because you just can't compete.
Also, you know, and in some places, again, I don't want to stereotype all, but a lot
of times GameStop kind of has that aura about it of like you get a lot of people that don't
really care about their jobs. You get a lot of college kids who are just, you know, looking
for something to do, right, that don't want to work fast food. You know, again, that's
not all the employees, but I think it's certainly a stereotype they have to deal with.
On the other hand, you know, in a lot of mom and pop stores, ma and pa who are running
that store obviously have a love of video games if they're running the place in the
first place. And a lot of times you're going to get people who really, really freaking
care about what they're doing. Again, not all the time because certainly there's people
that work at those places too that don't give a shit. But, you know, I'm just saying that
I could see that as being one thing too, is that when you deal with mom and pa's, you're
more likely to be dealing with somebody who truly loves gaming. You know, I don't know.
Maybe that, is that a fair statement? You think in theory, in theory? I know it's kind
of one of those things that like out loud, it makes sense, but I don't know. In practice,
it could be very different. Certainly I've met a lot of GameStop employees who really
love what they do. Well, I have an example. Sure. The video game swappers here in Sacramento,
when they were open, I don't really think that they liked video games all that much.
I knew them. And no, they didn't really like video games all that much. Interesting. They
just sold it because they knew that's where the money was at the time. I think a lot of
times passion leaves when the company gets that big. You know, it's just like, it's all
about money. It's less about, you know, really if you like video games or not, it's just
that we're selling video games because it makes us a lot of money. We're a capitalist
society. It's all based on the bottom line. Money, money, money. All right, let's move
on guys. I want to move on to another story. Oh boy, from one controversial topic to another.
Speaking of passionate people, we have another story about PETA, who we haven't talked about
a long time on this show. Sorry, I had to throw up. I was thinking about them right
now. As you're eating KFC, which funny, it kind of ties into this. Okay, here's the whole
thing. PETA is obviously the people for ethical treatment of animals. And therefore evil.
They're very controversial in their practices. You can certainly hear my co-hosts attesting
to the background. I'm not going to get into the political aspect of it. I'm just not.
But regardless, PETA is there and sometimes they do these very big things for show. You
know, I once, and I think I've probably told this story before, you know, once I was kind
of talking to online on a dating website, a guy who worked for PETA and it was very,
you know, I, I'm, I'm fascinated by that kind of stuff. You know, I also used to date a
gay Republican, which to me was fascinating too. I like diverse people, even when sometimes
that diversity doesn't agree with me. So it's kind of, I don't know, it's interesting, but
I know from, you know, talking to somebody who works directly with the organization,
they're very passionate about what they do, whether you agree with them or not, they definitely
have huge passion and they get very creative. And one of the ways they get creative is that
they do these little online games to get their message across. There was a game that they
put out a while ago, Super Chick Sisters, which was there to kind of protest KFC. And
I remember we talked about it on the show a while back. This was back in 2007. Well,
guess what? There is a brand new, new Super Chick Sisters. So just in time for new Super
Mario Brothers Wii that came out today, we also have new Super Chick Sisters, but it
has nothing to do with KFC this time. No, it's all about McDonald's. I don't know what
the specifics is, but obviously the McNuggets did not get there very easily. So it probably
has something to do with that whole thing. And I have not played the game myself, but
I imagine they are not happy about how the chicken turns into the McNugget. So they've
built this whole game about awareness. And I guess the whole idea behind it is how they
tap into the market is that they're not, it's not a poster. It's not a protest. It's a flash
video game, which oftentimes tend to be very viral. I mean, look about it. I'm talking
about it here on the show, but you know, more the kind of creativity in, in their marketing,
but it's out there and to which I see Jamie and Loki rolling their eyes. This next time
you talk to someone from PETA, ask them how many animals they euthanize every year. Ask
them about how many of their higher ups have type two diabetes and take insulin. I don't
know when the next time I'm going to be in Norfolk, Virginia is, which is where their
office is. But you know, and that's what, you know, when I was talking to the dude,
but you know, I, it's, you know, whatever. I just, well, no, you know what? I would have
no problem with PETA if they weren't big hypocrites. That's all. Well, okay. Stepping away from
what PETA is all about and all this, cause I don't know. I just don't know enough about
PETA cause I've just never really cared. What about this whole, this is how they market
their message is creating these viral flash video games. That's also, it's, it's actually
pretty defamatory too. Remember the cooking mama one? I do remember that. That was funny.
That, but in the end though, I mean, it's like, I don't think that they really care
whose toes they step on because they think that they're invincible. And honestly, I would
love to have a full scale investigation gone into the business practices of PETA. Very
interesting because I am looking at a screenshot here from the game and it's not like they're
trying to hide the fact that it's Mario. I mean, there's a big red M on his cap. He very
much looks like Mario. If I were a Nintendo, I might think I could sue over protection
of my character, although I don't know, but then can't you get into parody and all this?
I don't know. You still have to have enough remarkable difference that, you know, I, I
think that that actually is close enough to infringement right there. Cause I mean, from
looking from where I am right here, it looks like Mario and Luigi and I've got my glasses
on and everything. It looks like Mario and Luigi, but if you get super close up, you
can see little text on there that says princess Pamela Anderson kidnapped again. And that's
where I know this is not a Nintendo game. You know what I mean? That's where I go. Okay.
I'm sorry. That looks like Mario. Pamela Anderson was maybe good looking like 20 years ago when
she was on Baywatch, but she's no princess now. She's barbed wire. She kicked her ass.
I mean, if you've seen, again, I was just talking about, Oh no, they did an earlier
and funny enough, I'm going to bring them up again. Once in a while they'll run these
pictures of Pamela Anderson without makeup and Oh my heavens, she is not good looking
anymore. Is she with Tommy Lee or Kid Rock at this point? Who fucking cares? Who fucking
cares? We all know. But obviously she's big on PETA. She's one of their big supporters
and stuff. And that's why she gets people, especially people who have no brains. Alright,
let's just move on. I just wanted to get it out there. It's, it's interesting. Marketing
using video games. It is showing you, I will say this, let me finish on this thought. You
as a gamer are being targeted for propaganda. Yeah. That's, that's why I brought this up.
That's what I wanted to say. You just set me up a plate of, uh, you know, fried, you
know, sea kittens. I'm sorry. It's going to be an argument between guitar hero five and
Madden for KFC side or super chick sisters. I'm sorry. I don't recognize super chick sisters,
but guitar hero five and matter and tell me to go eat chicken. I'm going to have to listen
to them because I don't want to piss off. The cows say to eat more chicken. They have
signs. All right. This, this was the worst possible show to bring up this topic on. Let's
move on. Well, especially since you're in, you know, Peter Peter hater central, which
would be me, but I don't, I don't hate, I don't hate, I know it. I hate hypocrites.
I do. Okay. I know. I do. I do. There are things I hate, but I, I, I'm trying not to
hate people, but I do hate ideas and I hate hypocrisy. So fair enough. All right, let's
move on. That Peter sucks. Um, um, there's some, how about something that's completely
non-controversial and very happy for those of us who have our Xbox three sixties and
love them. Um, project Natal, there are details including release date sort of, um, we should
be looking at it, um, uh, possibly around November, 2010 and it should be costing around
50 bucks. And they are speculating that 5 million units will be ready by that time.
So they're thinking big seller and they don't really just have, you know, a bunch of happy,
you know, gamers all on them. They have time magazine all on them. Project Natal made it
into the top of 100 or no top 50 invention poll on, uh, on the time magazine website.
How is it possible for a device that's not even out, but it's been invented. It's been
invented in this on display, but who's played at Jimmy Fallon. Big deal, you know, like,
but it's Jimmy Fallon. He means a lot to everybody, right? No chirp, chirp, cricket, cricket.
They're quoted this saying that a project Natal because it uses several cameras and
the microphone and because it's so much more intuitive than anything that's been out to
this date and is going to be put out on a mass consumer market. It's right up there
with the blade. Yeah, but they haven't played like the super virtual boy X two five, you
know, that's coming out 2015. Okay. And I just want to clarify, we're all still approaching
Natal with a healthy dose of skepticism, right? Because I thought when we last talked about
this, we're still sitting here going, okay, but yeah, but when we saw the eye toy in motion,
it looked like it worked flawlessly too. Listen, you're not talking bad about the eye toy or
PlayStation eye or say a, you know, the Xbox vision camera. I've never been burned by any
of those ever. Wait a minute. Okay. You know what the eye toy was good for the wash and
windows game that played that song from the 1920s. Yes. When I'm washing windows, that
was the greatest thing they ever did with the eye toy. Okay. And that game actually
worked pretty well, but a lot of these other games they released through the eye toy did
not play like you think they would on the back of the box. All I'm saying again, I realize
Natal is a much higher advanced technology than eye toy, but when I see this little like
little 12 year old girl walking up and trying on her clothes by waving her hand, I'm kind
of like, okay, well that's what they want us to believe. It really plays like, well,
yeah, yeah. Remember, but, and we were making that joke is that when Natal was, was being
previewed, like, wasn't this a scene in clueless like 10 years ago, but how is it, is it really
going to work that flawlessly? Cause part of me goes, you know, well, my DS is supposed
to understand me saying blue too, but here I am going brew, brew, brew. Let me mention
some of the other things that are on the list. Okay. For the list of stuff that's, um, and,
and I actually can't really call this a list of inventions because they're not necessarily
all real inventions. Some are innovations and existing technology. Some are books. Pride
and prejudice and zombies is on the list. If the Snuggie is on that list, the Snuggie
is on the list. The Snuggie is the greatest invention of the modern times. Have you seen
the Sleepy? The dog Snuggie, Rob, the dog Snuggie. Have you seen the Sleepy? No. What's
the Sleepy? It's like a bed. It's like a, think a, um, sleeping bag made out of bedsheets
that has no zipper and has a pillow inside of it. Amazing. Well, here's some of the stuff
that's on here and some of these are actually pretty worthy. The 10 million dollar light
bulb, I love it, is, is actually a light bulb that runs all on LEDs. It's just as bright
as any light bulb and will never burn out. Um, they've actually teleported atoms. Uh,
they have, uh, a guy who lost his vision in one eye figured out with these other guys
how to have a camera implanted into his eyeball so that he can record stuff. They've got a
chip that can actually make the blind see through the use of chip and special glasses,
which is what I was on Facebook earlier calling. So didn't they already do this in Star Trek
The Next Generation with Geordi Spicer? Um, there's vertical farming. That's cool. Okay,
so great. Project Natal is right out there with vertical farming, but yet I guess none
of us have enjoyed vertical farming. Rob, there's one more though that I think would
appeal to you. Okay. Robot penguins. Robot penguins, Rob. I got a text message from Victoria
today that said she got a leopard print Snuggie. You know what I replied? You can't because
I wanted one of those meat farms. You can grow meat by parts, Rob. How great is that?
I mean, you can grow meat. This is, I don't see a team of Dutch scientists is closing
in on culturing stem cells from pigs and growing muscle in a Petri dish in vitro meat. Okay,
so I understand. Maybe, maybe now this list makes a little more sense because a lot of
these are things we haven't actually gotten to do ourselves. You know, I have never growed
meat myself. I've never grown my own meat to eat. This sounds like more than that. Here's
the Robo penguin. What? Okay, so Natal I see fits into this list cause a lot of these things,
but then again I also say, does project Natal really deserve to be up there with meat that
you grow? That sounds like the unicycle thing. All right. That was, I watched that thing.
This stuff on there, Rob. No. Okay. Project Natal, I would say you wouldn't look ridiculous
riding around on unicycle just like you wouldn't look ridiculous riding around on a Segway.
What was that thing? What was that thing on a South Park called? Whenever I see these
new writing devices, I always think of that thing on South Park, the, that one episode.
I know some of you listeners know what I'm talking about. A 3d camera, a smart, the smart
bullet is my favorite invention on the list. It's a bullet that you can trigger to explode
after you've already shot it into somebody. You can choose when the bullet explodes. It's
the best thing ever. It will, it will. You don't want to piss me off. Why not? I shot
you and if I hit this button, you're fun. I've also figured out how to levitate a mouse
with magnets. There is something even better than the smart bullet. They didn't have to
have the smart bullet with a one liner at the end. So when you trigger it, it says a
one liner, then you explode. That'd be even better. I don't know. They actually have an
x-ray camera on the list. And Rob, it was the wild, or Wild Wacky Action Bike, which
is a fun times. YouTube funk, what the funk. Well, something else from Microsoft coming
soon of course would be the fall update and we can expect that on Tuesday, November 17th.
With that will be coming the Facebook and Twitter integration as well as Last.fm and
all sorts of other fun stuff. And honestly, still haven't really played around the Facebook
and Twitter stuff other than the one time I posted on Twitter saying, hey, I'm posting
from an Xbox 360, which apparently everybody else did so now I feel like a loser. But yeah,
it's cool I guess. But if you feel sad because you don't own a 360 and happen to have a PS3,
well fear not. There is a rumor that you're going to be getting integration to Facebook
as well very soon. This is actually coming from some screenshots that leaked out from
Sony's own website. Oopsie. Apparently Sony Computer Entertainment Europe had a few screenshots
on their website including brand new things like the ability to change your gamer card
colors as well as integration with Facebook. A little shot of the cross media bar there
with a Facebook link there and also some thumbnails of photos in a grid layout. So some other
features coming possibly in a later expansion to the new cross media bar. Which is good
I guess because we need a lot more updates from consoles for different things. I know
with at least the Xbox 360 one I know they're going to add some screenshots and stuff like
that which would be pretty awesome because then when I kill people in Grand Theft Auto
I can share it with everybody. Although that would be a lot of photos I'm sharing because
I kick a lot of ass in that game. Okay, maybe not. But yeah, it's interesting. So what do
you think, Jamie? Something that you would probably use? Although you don't play much
on the PlayStation 3, do you? No, I really don't. I probably wouldn't use it. But I
actually, I'll be honest, a lot of the little networking stuff through the consoles I really
have no interest in. Because the only things that I use for my networking is my iPhone
and my computer. So it would actually more irritate me I think if I was being interrupted
in a game for Facebook. Well I'm just hoping that they don't have automatic updates for
trophies or achievements or something like that. I know that they kind of tried something
a little bit with Twitter with Uncharted 2. It was a big pain in the ass. I haven't really
seen anything from that because I don't think a lot of people use it because they realize
how annoying that would be. Well the raptor thing is what pisses me off. Well yeah, I've
seen that too. That's kind of annoying. Especially with Twitter, I mean you can kind of block
some of that stuff now. At least with Facebook. In fact actually I've been going through on
Facebook and kind of blocking all of the apps. Which actually makes it really nice because
now I can actually see what my friends are updating without having to sort through all
those apps on there. I've been doing much the same. Still kind of going through everything
and hopefully I can actually get down to where it's just my friends posting and stuff like
that. There are a few though, especially from Rob, that I can't block because there's actually
a screenshot that he has on there. Which one? The Sorority Life? No it's not Sorority Life.
That's like a quiz or something that he's doing. You can actually go in and block a
lot of those quizzes too. You can do hide app whenever you get a post up on your wall.
So I actually do that with a lot of stuff now because honestly I'm irritated by a lot
of it. And the only thing that I actually even play anymore on Facebook is the stupid
little pet game that I like so much. The pet society thing. And that's it. Yeah. So you're
going to be using a lot of the Facebook stuff and Twitter. I know you're going to use some
Last.fm stuff. Not particularly on Xbox. Well obviously my Xbox is still down and I don't
really think I want to come back on board with Xbox for this. I mean I say this every
week. I'll get my Xbox replaced eventually but this isn't really enough to kind of like
sell me on it. Because again, I've watched the people update their Twitters from Xbox
and you know everything I've seen so far. Hey guys, I'm updating my Twitter from Xbox
and then I never see another tweet from the Xbox. And the only thing I worry about again
is just the Twit spam that we're already seeing. Not just from Xbox but Uncharted 2 and some
of these other games. I just beat level 3 in Uncharted 2. I don't care. Just all the
raptor people need to shut up. And the problem is that unlike Facebook, Twitter has no button
where I can say filter all posts with hashtag uncharted 2 in it. You know what I mean? And
I'm not knocking uncharted 2. I haven't played it myself but I hear the game is fabulous
and it looks like fun. I want to play it myself. But I'm just saying this whole tweet spam
thing has got to go. Same thing with Facebook. It's basically just to say hey we did it first.
I guess. Anyhow, alright well moving on to other topics and maybe a game that might be
publishing status updates to your Facebook very soon. Drum Hero is a game that has been
trademarked by Activision. Keep in mind though this doesn't mean that necessarily the game
is being made or anything.
I thought they already did this.
It is just, well you know a lot of people were kind of having this whole little like
wait a minute, haven't we heard this before? But here's the thing and this is what makes
this newsworthy. Previously Activision trademarked the titles Guitar Villain and Drum Villain
and this was way back in 2007 when they did that. But nothing ever became of these titles,
at least not yet. Who knows? You never know what might be in the making. But nothing ever
happened with those. But even though they trademarked Drum Villain, they never trademarked
just straight up Drum Hero. That trademark never happened to everyone's surprise. It
is just now being trademarked. Again though this doesn't necessarily mean they're going
to do anything with it, although it certainly seemed logical.
Now here's something else to keep in mind and kind of a related story that's going on.
Apparently in an interview with MCVUK.com, CEO Dan Rosenweg of the Guitar Hero brand
and works for Activision says that the publisher is apparently already working on new versions
of Guitar Hero and Band Hero and that there will also be more DJ Hero, which I'm sure
all of this makes you go, duh, duh, and more duh. We all know more of these games is coming.
But one thing they are saying, fewer SKUs in 2010. But keep in mind SKU is a term that's
been, well let's say skewed over the past couple of years. This has kind of made its
way from a retail only world to the mainstream game blogs everybody throws this term SKU
around. And what does SKU really mean? SKU is essentially like a bar code I guess you
could say. Maybe you could explain this better than I could Loki. But basically this doesn't
mean like one game does not mean one SKU. A SKU is Guitar Hero 5, Guitar plus game on
Wii is one SKU. Guitar plus drum plus game on Wii is one SKU. Game alone, another SKU,
right? Yeah. That's basically kind of how it works. Just because there's less SKUs doesn't
necessarily mean there's going to be less games, although that's kind of the conclusion
a lot of people are jumping to.
Just remember that this year alone, and this is including Guitar Hero Van Halen, there
has been 41 SKUs. So less than that doesn't necessarily mean that much of a difference.
And that's because you have four different systems, PS3, PS2, Xbox 360, and Wii that
all these games are coming out on. And then you have the jumbo kit, the game alone, and
the game and guitar.
The DS and also possibly the PSP which is actually supposed to be coming out next year
as well.
Oh wow.
And if you want to include the iPhone I guess.
And also, by the way, Bobby in the chat room, which I think is interesting, he's bringing
this up as well, says another term co-opted by blogs that he's using correctly is price
point. That's a marketing term, not something, say, to talk about how much something costs
you in retail. And we're probably just as guilty as the next guy of using that term
a lot. It's kind of interesting how that has, that term I would say has almost evolved.
Like maybe that's not what it's supposed to mean, but that's what everyone thinks it means
now.
I always use MSRP.
Yeah, microtransaction.
Yeah, I know that too. Anyway, anyhow, getting off the subject a little bit here, but just
because there's talking about less SKUs doesn't necessarily mean less games. Although I personally
think we're not going to see the Metallica and Van Halen style releases next year in
Aerosmith. I don't think we're going to see any band only releases next year, especially
not after this whole stink about what's going on in Guitar Hero 5 with the band seeing it.
I think it would actually be because of that stink.
Really?
Yeah, because then they'd have that one band that's already agreed to have their likeness
in there and they're not really singing other people's songs.
I don't know though, part of me just says it's kind of been done with all the big bands
that are going to get their own game. I mean, granted, I'm sure, you know, there's a million
people, everybody's going to shout out their favorite band, but are these games really
selling that well? I mean, come on, the Van Halen one, they were given away.
Van Halen is still selling pretty well because a lot of people didn't buy it within that
one month. It's that one month after September, you aren't getting it for free unless you
find it used.
I'm just surprised. Again, I'm going to take a lot of hate with this comment, but I don't
care. Van Halen underserved their own game, especially not if they're going to ignore,
you know, the latter half of the career.
I understand that. And yeah, a lot of the older games, like Aerosmith does not sell
for shit right now. No one cares.
But it's old.
It's old, but it doesn't matter though. It's still another band. Metallica, once in a while.
Smash Hits, never. Five sells well. Van Halen will start selling well. But the problem is
when you release that many different games out there, you start getting, you know, obviously
oversaturation with that title, and then people start ignoring the other ones. But if they
plan it that way, that's fine, because they've gotten you to buy one release, you know, multiple
releases a year. I don't know.
And I see a couple people in chat are making reference to Michael Jackson. Specifically,
I'll read this comment from Sturlock, says, I wouldn't be surprised by a Michael Jackson
specific game. And I have to admit, of all these things that people randomly shout out,
I suppose that's the one that I could see really happening, although, yeah, I don't
think it would really be a rock band or guitar hero game. Michael Jackson could kind of have
a new thing, like a new music game.
You're supposed to be doing something.
Based on Michael Jackson.
Well, they're doing a Michael Jackson game already. It was already in the works before
he died. I already have a theory of what Drum Hero is. It's going to be something for either
the DSi or like an iPhone, something like that, because if you think about it, Guitar
Hero can't do that on the DSi because there's no place to plug the guitar in. But you better
believe that that drum skin that they put out for Band Hero, the DS version, can fit
on the DSi. So there's your drum. Drum Hero.
That's actually one of the more creative thoughts I've heard, is that maybe a lot of people
are jumping to the conclusion that this is like a sequel to Guitar Hero, but maybe it's
an iPhone port makes a lot of freaking sense.
It'd be kind of neat to do something on Xbox Live Arcade or something like that, too. Then
that way you don't need a guitar. You can just play it with your, you know, buttons.
That is a very interesting prospect. You know, and also, kind of speaking of this, I was
thinking about this earlier, and I think part of this was kind of inspired by Bobby's show
because he was talking about Lego Rock Band tonight and he was kind of talking about the
importing of the songs and all this. And I kind of got to thinking, like, how come nobody's
jumped on that idea of releasing a music game that's just a shell very cheaply that maybe
comes with a couple in-house produced songs? You know, maybe one or two big licensed songs
for like ten bucks, fifteen bucks.
Well, like the same concept that Vibribin had its own stuff in it, but you could bring
in your own music, except in this case you'd be downloading to buy?
Okay, yeah. The big difference would be that Vibribin, its whole thing was around importing
your own CDs, but this would be around microtransactions, basically, buying the songs you want. And
I think what made me think of this is that there are some songs in Lego Rock Band I want
to play, but not the whole thing. So I'll probably buy the game just to import the songs,
but when it's in the clearance bin. Because right now, you know, fifty bucks for the game
plus another ten for the import fees, I'm not feeling it. But the game will end up in
the bargain bin inevitably at some point, so I'll buy it then.
You know, it's kind of interesting with all of these skews, if you want to say, or games
coming out, I want to be able to pick and choose a little more. So it's kind of interesting
there is no game out right now that's, you know, and I would think that Xbox Live Arcade
or PSN would be the perfect place for a game like this to release just the shell of a game
and make most of their money off the songs.
I'm surprised that Boom Boom Rocket, was that what it was called? Remember that game that
came out on Xbox? I was actually really good at that game. I had like a bunch of high scores
for a while. I probably don't anymore. But Boom Boom Rocket, I'm kind of surprised they
never did anything with that. You know, like all the songs in that were classical songs.
Imagine if they had actually put like some licensed songs or some fun techno things into
that shell. Like that game could have been a whole lot more.
Yeah, it would have been cool.
And then of course, the inevitable Bobby's yelling out, beat and groovy. But that game
was always just doomed for disaster. We all knew Konami was not going to have the faith
to try and get licensed songs there.
By the way, did you realize Popping Music Week came out?
No, I, somebody in chat said it and I actually kind of went and went, oh yeah, that came
out, huh? But I just don't have interest in it.
It was really contacted us a week before it came out. Oh, by the way, it's coming out.
Sell some copies.
Did you sell some copies? Move it?
Nope.
Oh, just curious.
Not a copy.
All right.
I know better than to torture my customers like that.
All right. Anyhow, so we'll see what happens with Guitar Hero in the coming year and Rock
Band as well. I think it's inevitable. We all know it's coming in 2010, Rock Band 3.
It's got to be happening.
Oh yeah.
That'll be our next E3. We're going to hear all about Rock Band 3 and Guitar Hero 6.
Everyone's going to teach you how to play an instrument this time.
Oh yeah, that's right. We'll see.
Well, how about something a little bit more realistic? Final Fantasy 13. It's got dates.
Realistic. I don't know. This thing's been the figment of my imagination for about four
years.
There's supposed to have a simultaneous PS3 and Xbox 360 release for Final Fantasy 13
in the US and in Europe on the 9th of March, 2010. So hey, we've only got a few more months
to go. Of course, if you're in Japan, then you get it next month.
And it's kind of interesting because the turnaround, they promised that it was going to be a much
quicker turnaround this time, but they really made it happen, especially considering there's
a 360 port in the works as well. A four month turnaround by Square standards really doesn't
seem all that bad when you were at least looking at nine months before. How long did it take
for Final Fantasy 10 to come over here from the Japanese one?
Plenty.
Almost a year, right?
Something like that.
Yeah. I liked, though, that they did this whole announcement in this big trailer. It's
just this big event of a game because I guess Final Fantasy 13 does deserve that a little
bit, but Square's got a lot riding on this game, don't they?
Well, they tend to throw a lot of their stuff in on their Final Fantasy franchise. I mean,
that is really what I would say has kept them on the map.
I just don't remember all this fanfare over 12. That's all.
Well, 12 was kind of...
As there shouldn't have been. I liked 12. 12 just came out at a very bad time. 12 should
have been made for the PS3 and 360. It just came out at a bad time. They should have just
delayed it a year and put it on the next Gen or whatever you want to call them, consoles.
I was going to say that the guy in the trailer was a douche.
Yeah, a little bit. He had kind of a douchey vibe, didn't he?
But it's kind of typical of them to do something very fanfare like that because, after all,
they do have the theater of fun that they have all their trailers that play in during
E3.
Except this last year.
Except for last year, yeah.
Now, didn't they also make a big announcement about the theme song for Final Fantasy 13?
That they actually landed... Usually they just bring over the Japanese song, right?
You know, like...
Well, they got Leona Lewis to sing the theme song.
So here in the US and UK, but not in Japan. So they're actually having different artists,
which is kind of new because even when they localized the Kingdom Hearts song, it was
still Utada Hikaru.
But she's also bilingual.
I got concert tickets for her in January. I'm so excited.
Anyhow, but what was I gonna say before I got sidetracked with that? Oh, this is the
first time that they've had like a different artist singing it over here, right?
No.
No, did they do that with 12? I don't remember.
They did that with 10-2.
Wasn't it the same?
It was the same singer.
Oh, I forgot about 10-2. That's right.
Yeah, they got What's Your Face from Jade from...
Yeah, Sweet Box or whatever it was called. That's right. I forgot about that. And I was
really shocked.
One of the ending videos in the US version from the Japanese version, they actually changed
it because of her differences in singing it.
Well actually, the song that's gonna be in Final Fantasy 13 is a song called My Hands.
It's actually on Leona Lewis' next album. And if you're curious what the power ballad
of Final Fantasy 13 is gonna sound like, we have a little sneak peek for you right here.
We can only play a little clip of it because it's all copyrighted and stuff. Here's a sneak
peek.
So it sounds like your typical sitting in the dentist's office kind of Celine Dion station
power ballad music, which is kind of typical of the Final Fantasy ballads.
It actually does sound pretty J-pop ballad actually.
A little bit.
I think they announced something horrible like Popo Sow or something like, you know...
Sexy Back is the theme song of Final Fantasy 13.
Sexy Back. No, that's Final Fantasy 13 versus Sexy Back.
So there you go, Leona Lewis. Which actually, I gotta say though, that's a pretty good sized
name to land. But you know what's funny? You know who her record label is? Sony. So kind
of, who knows, maybe a little bit of networking there. But Leona Lewis, that's a pretty...
She's not a AAA artist, but she's hot shit right now.
Unfortunately, because of the Sony license, the Xbox 360 version will be getting Popo
Sow.
Shut up. I don't know about the UK, but she's big over here. In fact, she's the only celebrity
from a British reality show, except maybe Susan Boyle, that is well known over here.
Whereas I'm assuming over there, they probably have a lot of our American Idol. So they're
probably not all of them. I can't imagine people like Taylor Hicks are big in the UK,
but probably Kelly Clarkson and some of those people are big in the UK. So I still think
that's a pretty decent sized name to have.
Let's not forget, folks. For some people, it's not necessarily a draw, but it makes
a lot of people do a double take. I don't think anybody's gonna buy this game because
Leona Lewis is in it, but it's definitely gonna make a lot of people go, hey, it's gonna
make some of these critics of video games are not a legitimate art form, or video games
are not on the same level as movies and TV shows to turn their heads and go, oh, Leona
Lewis is doing the theme song. Really? That's interesting.
That's only because they approached Bryan Adams first and he turned them down.
Shut up.
He's the king of power ballads.
All right. Speaking of release dates, let's check out some closer release dates to this
week. So, Loki, you should finish a bite of your wing there. We'll start with the US states.
There's nothing coming out this week. What are you talking about? No really good stuff.
There's actually a lot of stuff. It depends on what area of the world you're in or United
States because that stuff might have already come out with people breaking street date
because they suck. No, but of course this week, Left 4 Dead 2, making its way out on
Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, not PlayStation 3, PC. Anyways, Assassin's Creed 2 coming
out on PC, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3. Also this week, some smaller titles including Planet
51, of course tying in with the new movie coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and
DS and PSP. Today, actually, New Super Mario Brothers Wii came out. That's pretty awesome.
Resident Evil Darkside Chronicles also coming out on the Wii this week. Buck Fever, if you
happen to like deer hunting games, also coming out on the Wii. There seems to be a lot of
deer hunting games on the Wii lately. Formula 1 on PSP coming from Codemasters, NCAA Basketball
2010 out on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. Also Formula 1 for the Wii as well. This week,
another big old bundle game, which I'm not sure is going to sell very well, but Tony
Hawk's Ride with the skateboard will be coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii
for a whopping $120. The re-release of Stoked, the big air edition coming out on Xbox 360
this week. Ubisoft pimping out their Pets games with Pets Hamsters Superstars featuring
what appears to be a rollerblading hamster, which is very disturbing. LEGO Indiana Jones
2, the adventure continues out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and PC this week. And also
I believe the DS and PSP. Assassin's Creed Bloodlines on PSP this week, also Assassin's
Creed 2 Discovery on the DS. Seen It, Bright Lights big screen out on PlayStation 3, Xbox
360, and the Wii. God of War Collection coming out on the PlayStation 3 with a demo of God
of War 3 in there, so that would be pretty cool. Yu-Gi-Oh! 50's Tag Force 4 on PSP. Just
Dance from Ubisoft out on the Wii, which the game looks absolutely ridiculous. Remember
that stupid minigame that they made me play instead of the sledding one I wanted to play
in Rayman's Raven Rabbids TV Party?
I remember this. This is a PAX, right? Did that happen?
Yes it was, and unfortunately this game is very similar to that, so I don't know, you'd
probably look ridiculous playing it. Jamie will get a kick out of this. The Sims 3 World
Adventures expansion was coming out this week as well on PC.
Yay!
What does that mean?
You can go to France. You can go on safaris.
On franais! I can go to the Louvre. I can take my fake character out for a baguette.
Be our guest, be our guest.
Sorry, Loki. Can I read some quick chat comments though, because there's some really funny
shit.
Yeah, it's only in that voice though.
Okay then, I will read some comments from Jet. SSJ100 and Matt says that as far as the
Final Fantasy theme song goes, Christopher Walken doing Poker Face should be in it. And
I'm thinking so much that. Christopher Walken doing anything should be in a video game.
Or Cartman doing Poker Face.
Or Cartman doing Poker Face. They're kind of like a mishmash of both.
A duet.
Some strange chat. I didn't read this whole thing, but they were talking about sales figures
for DJ Hero. Some chatters calling it a flop, but I didn't realize it was a flop. In fact,
I thought I saw some article this week that just in those first few days, because the
game came out what, October 27th? And just in those last few days, it sold like 100,000
copies or something?
Yeah.
I mean, granted, that's across four different platforms, and I think maybe like 3,000 were
sold in the PS2, but you figure they're not going to sell well there. I mean, it's a little
early to call that game a flop, right?
Yeah. I don't think it's sold as much as, say, a Guitar Hero game, but then again, it's
also way more expensive than a Guitar Hero game.
Did Guitar Hero 1 catch on right away?
No. Not really.
And that kind of had to build, too.
It's all right. I mean, I think that they're going to be selling enough. I mean, they're
making another one already, so.
I think you have to look at the sales figures after Christmas, and then we can talk about
if it's a flop or not.
Yeah. Say, man, I've enjoyed the soundtrack to this game kind of like as much as I did
with the early DDR games. The soundtracks are really good, and I mean, I've been listening
to the whole soundtrack in my car, well, what I have dumped of it, and I love it. It's awesome.
I will put this out there, and the Bamani fans can have their way with me. I don't care.
It is the best music game song list for an initial game in a series ever. I wouldn't
go so far to say as I enjoy it as much as, say, maybe the third mix or the sixth mix
or sixth style or whatever of other games, but I will say as far as an initial song list
goes for a franchise-launching music game, it's the best song list there has ever been
in a music game ever.
Yeah. All right. Continuing on our release dates. This is a big one. LittleBigPlanet
coming to the PSP this week. That should be pretty exciting. Disney's The Princess and
the Frog, not so exciting on DS and Wii this week.
Hey, I want to see that movie. You shut up, hater.
Yeah, but the game's not going to be great.
Yeah, the game's going to be stupid. They always are.
The movie will be cool, but you know.
They always are.
Game, not so much. And talk about random licenses, D3. Common Rider Dragon Knight on the Wii
and DS. Let's see. Photo Frenzy on the Nintendo DS from Kokum International. And if I remember
correctly, I thought that was a DSi-only game. Maybe not. Petz Dog's Talent Show, yet another
animal that's dressed up and on a skateboard coming to the DS from Ubisoft. God forbid
they do that to animals. And this is kind of cool. Jumbo Safari Animal Rescue coming
to the Wii this week.
Oh, that. God, I remember talking about that like weeks and weeks ago that it was coming
out for the Wii and now just out of nowhere, here it is, right?
Boom, there it is.
Boom. Jumbo Safari.
Imagine Artist on the Nintendo DS. Let's see. And some smaller games. Wreck Room on the
Wii. I think that's about it. Next week, though, Hello Kitty Party on DS.
Woo-freaking-hoo. All right, let's go to some Japanese releases and some of the things
you have to look forward to over there. Just like we have Left 4 Dead 2 coming out over
here, you have that coming out in Japan as well in their own version coming out on the
19th because they get their releases on Fridays, if I remember right. Or no, I think they come
out like Thursday or something.
And over there it's called Ha! Zombies!
Shut up. PlayStation 3, Ratchet and Clank Future, A Crack in Time comes out. That's
the big release on the PS3 this week. Oddly enough, though, I don't see anything about
Left 4 Dead on the PS3 over there, but is that not coming out on PS3 at all? Over there?
Left 4 Dead 2? It's not coming out on PS3 over here.
Why did I think it was?
Because I goofed and said that earlier.
Oh, okay. I just assumed it was, but okay. No, I guess that makes sense.
Remember, Valve hates PS3.
Yeah, I remember that now. All right, the Wii has a lot more to choose from, though.
Taiko no Tatsujin has its own little version coming out. It's Wii Dodun Tuto Yomei. I
don't believe this is the first Taiko no Tatsujin game coming out, but I believe this
is the one that has the little inflatable drum that is disgustingly cute that you can
get in a little bundle set there. So if you're a fan of that series, you have that to look
forward to on the Wii this week.
Otherwise, a game you might be interested in, Calling! Kuroki! Chakushin is coming out,
and that looks to be kind of like a scary game. I think it's called The Calling or
something, and it looks to be kind of a scarier game that's coming out on the Wii. I don't
see any screenshots, but definitely it's got one of those Japanese grudge-looking girls
on the front and then a little cell phone, so I think it has something to do with cell
phone horror or something. I don't know exactly what cell phone horror would be, but
this game is it.
Hey, on the PlayStation 2, your monthly bill from AT&T with an iPhone! Oh, Loki, sometimes
I feel like there should be a two-drink minimum to listen to this show with you on it. PlayStation
2, Seke, Saikyo Yu, Gen-C, Igo, Kooza, for those that are still buying PS2 games, on
the Nintendo DS, Monster Finder comes out! And then also next week, just so you know,
they're also getting like hella hella Hello Kitty peripherals, like a new little pouch
and a DSi slim pouch and all this stuff.
I think it's like an anniversary, actually, of Hello Kitty.
I think so too. Mario and Sonic, by the way, at the Vancouver Olympics also comes out in
Japan this week. And lastly, taking a look at the Sony PSP, Armored Core, Silent Line
Portable coming out over there, as well as Jak & Daxter, a new release there, and a game
called Mina no Na'vi comes out on the PSP. Those are your Japanese release dates.
In the UK, on the 17th, we have Left 4 Dead 2, we have Gyromancer on the 18th, and a bunch
of stuff on the 20th. Assassin's Creed 2, Assassin's Creed Bloodlines, Assassin's Creed
2 Discovery, okay, just different versions of it, Dragon Age Origins, F1 2009, Little
Big Planet on PSP, New Super Mario Brothers Wii, Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Explorers of
Sky, Pro Evolution Soccer 2010, Saw, BLEH, Sherlock Holmes vs. Jack the Ripper, Sims
3 World Adventures, Wii, and Tony Hawk Ride.
I just wanted to mention that next week, or actually the week after next, there's a game
coming out on the Wii over here that's like all sorts of fail. It's an exercise game called
Your Shape. It features Jenny McCarthy, and guess what? Okay, they're super intelligent
over Ubisoft. They decided, hey, you know what, even though the Wii has this wonderful
motion capture system with Wii Remote and Nunchuck and stuff, we're gonna use a webcam
to capture your movement, just like the eye toy.
I'm just worried about the shape it's gonna tell me I am. Congratulations, you are a
pair.
Congratulations, you're shaped like Rosie O'Donnell.
Noooooo.
You are a leopard.
What? That doesn't make any sense. Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
Let's keep moving on. You realize this part A is going on two hours tonight just for part
A. Good times. Obviously we've been gone a week.
And she's jumping and excited. Fitness that's fun and focused on you.
Jenny McCarthy's just excited to have a job this week. Because seriously, what has she
done?
Exactly.
Besides, I think like a National Lampoon movie, maybe, here and there? Alright, a few more
stories and then do a break already.
Good lord.
Loki.
Oh, I have another story?
Yes. We don't release dates. It's your turn.
We're talking about Jenny McCarthy and how, you know,
The hell with her.
Anyways, Modern Warfare 2, of course, you know, selling lots and lots and lots of copies.
Of course, in the UK, it sold 1.23 million units the first day, breaking first day sales
records over there. So that's pretty awesome. Guess everybody loves Modern Warfare over
there.
And of course, in the US, 4.7 million units in day one sales, making it probably the biggest
game this year and the biggest game for quite a while. So, yay! I don't know. Yeah, we kind
of figured it was going to sell a lot.
And it was on the news and everything. Like, I was watching, you know, one of the days
I was home sick, I was watching the morning news and they were actually did a story about
all the lines that were going on around midnight at the store.
I saw pictures from Dan's store.
Honestly, do we need more newscast stories where it's like, hey, look, it's gamers waiting
for a game. Oh, my goodness, that pandemonium.
Because people need to be reminded for some reason that video games are a huge business
and, you know, this game probably made more money than most of the box office did this
weekend. Like, what was the big movie this weekend, 2012 or whatever? And I don't think
it, I mean, even if it made a hundred million, which I don't think it did.
That's half the movie's budget right there.
But that's probably still less than what Modern Warfare 2 made. You know, granted, of course,
the game is, what, 60 bucks or it's a movie ticket.
Not to spoil anything about 2012.
Did you see it?
Yes, I went and saw it earlier today.
It looks ridiculous.
It is ridiculous.
I can't.
After the fourth time, count it, fourth time that they took off on a runway and outrunning
an earthquake. That happened multiple times in this movie. It was just like, really? Really?
These movies are just getting ridiculous. I'm sorry. I realize there's an audience for
these movies and clearly it's Loki, but like Independence Day, I watched, I was all excited
about it. It was cool.
Day after tomorrow, I was kind of like, okay, really? We're running away from like weather
blasts and things like this and run before the cold gets...
Listen, you can outrun weather, okay? It's a fact.
It was a little bit ridiculous, but okay, whatever. It was a good popcorn flick. But
I watched, like they had a clip of LA getting leveled or whatever on Yahoo movies or whatever
and I was watching a clip from 2012 and I'm just sitting there the whole time going, this
is so ridiculous because I think you're supposed to feel like excitement for John Cusack and
his whole family getting out of these horrific situations.
But all I can think about, because I don't know, this is just the kind of person I am,
is that what about those millions of cars that are piling up on the freeway and these
buildings that are toppling over? Why am I supposed to give a shit about this rich white
dude who got a limo to escape from the...
Listen, it's a middle class white dude.
I'm sorry.
The limo driving is his job.
Why should I care about...
He's a failed author.
Okay, my bad for not paying the money to see the movie.
No.
But why should I give a shit about him when the movie is depicting millions of people
dying in a catastrophe and it's supposed to be like a feel good movie? Like really?
No, it's actually very funny because seriously, there's multiple times that they're flying
the plane out of things. They outran a volcano blast. They outran buildings toppling. How
is the plane taking off from a landing strip and somehow sinking into the ground? I mean,
they were pulling up on the plane yet going deep into the ground. What? I'm sorry, there's
a point where I'm like, this is just too much and this movie looks to be too much.
I know it was completely ridiculous and it was. It lived up to its ridiculousness.
On the ridiculous scale of 1 to 10, 1 being not so ridiculous and 10 being completely
fucking ridiculous, how ridiculous is 2012?
I would give this an 8.5 because a 10 I think would have to be Wild Zero because Wild Zero
is so ridiculous. They chopped a UFO in half with a samurai sword and it's a punk band.
I mean, which by the way, the samurai sword I think came out of his guitar. So, that movie
sounds awesome. And there was Zombie Love.
And I've got your copy.
I forgot I even have that movie. Amazing.
Any movie that has Guitar Wolf in it instantly rules.
Okay, and Tigerclaw wants to clarify, 2012 has made $225 million worldwide and $65 million
domestically. Any sources coming soon.net as the source for the monetary figures.
But probably Modern Warfare 2 still makes more money in the week that it's out than
this movie did. I mean, it's just huge.
And honestly though, it's seriously, it's a good movie to watch. It's absolutely ridiculous.
But that's why you watch it. It would make an awesome RiffTrax movie. Oh my God, it's
going to make an awesome RiffTrax movie.
Okay, back to Modern Warfare for a minute because I really, really don't care about
2012 anymore. I do care though about that Facebook group about shut the fuck up, the
world's not going to end in 2012. That cracked me up.
I signed up for that.
I know. I signed up last week for an undisclosed amount of people arbitrarily signing up for
a cause or something like that.
I signed up for that.
That was funny. There's an app for that. Anyway, back to Modern Warfare 2. Here's the thing
I don't understand. Loki, I need somebody to translate for me and for some reason I
feel like you would understand this game better than I do because I'm not knocking the game,
but keep in mind these type of war sims are not really my thing. So what is it about this
game that is making it sell zillions? And yes, it is in fact selling zillions.
Well, the game is really fun, really intense. Online was awesome in the first one. I wouldn't
know because I didn't play it, but everyone says it's awesome, therefore I'm blindly believing
that.
Chatters, feel free to help me out too. Why is Modern Warfare 2 so, like such a landmark
game?
It's very gritty. Like, I mean, there's, you know, you're playing undercover at, I guess
in the beginning I think you're undercover as, you know, part of a terrorist cell because
you're infiltrating them from the inside, but you have to murder people and stuff like
that, innocent people in an airport and whatnot. You know, the scene that got controversy or
whatever.
Is it kind of trying to ride on that whole America fuck yeah wave?
Well, it's America and a bunch of other countries are getting all fucked over because there's
one part where you're like, you know, storming the White House because terrorists have taken
it over. So, I mean, it's kind of, yeah, you know, fighting terrorism is cool and the online
is really sweet. I think of like a guy's, I don't know, like a Halo 3 or something like
that, because Halo 3 had a really short campaign and the online was awesome. It's kind of the
same with Modern Warfare 2. Campaign's pretty cool, short, but it's awesome.
ActDeft in our chatroom at chat.orangelandradio.com says, even PC boycotters are playing Modern
Warfare 2. I did see that screenshot of like all the people in the boycott group on Steam
were playing the game. My God, if I could sum up, like arguing on the internet in a
picture, like, you know, they say a picture is worth a thousand words. Like if I had to
explain debate on the internet, like that picture does it right there. That is, that
is trying to debate someone on the internet summed up into a picture.
I bet, dude, do the same thing when Left 4 Dead 2 comes out this week. Let's go snap
a picture of the Left 4 Dead 2 boycott group. I bet there's shit loads of people playing
it. Yeah, because you know what? Cause they're sheep because they're like, ah, but I want
to play it. Okay. Well, and they'll justify it saying, oh, well they, they, uh, took care
of what I needed them to take care of or whatever. Um, let's see. Uh, Quel Tipo in chat says
it's a manly macho game that makes people feel tough. Is that what it's a, it's a, it's
a modern version of when we used to go outside and play like army man or whatever, make believe.
Now it's just all please to bury the GI Joes in a mass graveyard. Interesting. I, I, you
know, I, again, I'm not knocking the game. I guess for what it is, it's a landmark game
and it's certainly the graphics I've seen look very realistic and everything. I'm not,
I realize, you know, just not every game I'm going to get and that's just the way it is.
Just like there's a lot of people that probably sit here and go, really? Why do they play
so many music games? They talk all the time about music games and I think they're stupid.
You know, everybody's just into whatever they're into. I just was kind of curious why this
game above the countless other war games that are released. Anyhow, um, got one more news
story for you guys and we're going to get into the classic video game of the week and
this actually has to do with the Zune. You know, we talk a lot about iPhone, iPhone,
iPhone, you know, and all the gaming that's going on there. Well, certainly Microsoft
wants a piece of that too with their own handheld device, the Zune. And while the Zune doesn't
make phone calls, the Zune does play movies, listen to music, and now it will do games
too. Um, there's a new firmware update that happened. It was 4.3 and apparently there
are now six free games on the Zune marketplace. That's right, free. Project Gotham Racing
Ferrari edition, Lucky Lane Bowling, Vans Skate Pool Service, Piano, Checkers, you know,
classic game in there too, excuse me, classic game in there too, and a game called Audiosurf
Tilt, which is a port of sorts of the popular game Audiosurf that was available on the PC
where you can use your own MP3s. I've actually played that game. It's quite a bit of fun.
If you like music games, speaking of which, Audiosurf is a nice little investment. That's
kind of a fun game. Um, so now you can play that on the Zune as well. Um, so, you know,
Zune's kind of trying to step it up there a little bit as a portable device, and of
course, I'm sorry, not just a portable device, but kind of up there with the iPhone with
its all in one kind of device there, and for those that were asking, you know, when is
Microsoft going to get into handheld gaming, I guess this is what we've got, at least so
far. So, I don't know, any interest in these games? Like, I'm curious what Project Gotham
looks like and the Audiosurf I'm certainly interested in, especially if it plays off
your MP3s from the Zune. I think that's pretty cool. Um, but at the same time, I wouldn't
drop several hundred dollars on the Zune just to check it out.
I'm just wondering when the hell they're going to actually release, you know, was it the
XNA stuff on the Zune? When's that happening?
Yeah, I heard something like that was supposed to happen, huh?
I talked about it like a while ago.
I don't know. I don't think that's come full circle yet as to when that's actually going
to happen when you see the indie games on the Zune. So, maybe soon. Anyhow, let's get
into that part of the show that we like to take a trip down memory lane and look at a
classic video game from The Vault. Every week, DarkSakura steps into The Vault and picks
a game that she thinks you guys should be playing. It's our classic video game of the
week. DarkSakura, what video game did you pick for the kiddies tonight?
River City Ransom.
Woohoo!
I'm glad the Vault's cold.
Were you very cold going into The Vault to pick out the game?
Quite.
Actually, even though I love the NES version, I'm picking a specific one and that's the
example that I've given us for our YouTube. It's Downtown Nekketsu Monogatari, which is
Downtown Hot-Blooded Story. In the PAL region, it came out as Street Games. And it's one
of the Kunio games.
And you can hear the music is a little different here. In fact, let me play a little clip here.
I'll have to find this on my main cabinet.
You can play PC Engine games on your main?
Yeah, I can play anything I want.
Oh, you've got the emulator set up. But yeah, this is... there are also versions for the
X68000, the Game Boy Advance. It came out on Virtual Console. But basically, since it's
one of the Kunio games, you know, with Nekketsu Koha Kunio-kun, which was Renegade, and Nekketsu
Koko Dodgeball-bu, which is Super Dodgeball, which I have covered.
Yeah, I think that was a previous game you did, because I love Super Dodgeball.
But basically, you were playing high school kids in the Japanese version. They're Kunio,
Enriki, and over here it's Alex and Ryan as they go to try to rescue the girl. And by
going against different, I guess, you know, delinquent gangs or whatever. And so it's
just a little street brawler. You know, walk down the street, punch some people, and then
he's stopping for, you know, a burger.
And a free smile.
And a free smile. So the... you also, of course, have passwords so you can start off in different
parts of the game. But I did pick this one in particular. Oh yeah, actually I needed
to mention some differences between the Japanese version. They actually changed the school
uniforms into t-shirts and jeans, you know, that type of stuff.
Also, now you just noticed?
Voice acting.
Digitized voices. So there are other times, this is what I was going to mention, you can
go into, like, restaurants and buy stuff to refill your health or do whatever. These are
actually, have voice acting on them, so if you want to skip up to the next part.
Sure, which isn't too far ahead here.
And that's, this is like the little fast food restaurant sequence.
Yeah.
It's super light, you have the hashtag message, you know.
And I love the little, this is such great radio, I know, but I love the little look
on his face after he eats his burger. And the cutesy music.
This game was also famous for having a butt. I remember that. You remember that? In the
sauna sequence, you saw a butt.
Well, it was probably just a public bath or, you know, whatever. But yeah. This is the
other bit. More voice acting.
So for a little, you know, TurboGrafx-16 style cartridge.
No.
No?
This was PCCD. PCCD.
Oh, okay.
So...
But still, I mean, that wasn't the most technologically advanced, I mean, at the time it was, but,
you know, it's pretty impressive.
All the, you had Redbook audio with this, you had voice acting because it had a higher
storage capacity. Well, I mean, you saw, you heard the, you know, vocal intro for Dracula
X on PC Engine, so it could definitely do it. It's, you know, just pre-record it and
have it go up.
It's just interesting because I never really knew this version was here, even though I
loved Rude for City Ransom as a kid, and I see everybody in chat barf exclamation-blimey.
Everybody remembers some of the great dialogue that we got over here, which I'm sure was
just raped localization that came out very funny. Like, kind of like the original Engrish,
if you will.
Well...
Because I highly doubt that's what they were saying in the Japanese thing, was barf.
Well also, the company that localized it was American Technos, which was a subsidiary of
Technos Japan. They actually brought out another Kunio game that came out over here as Crash
and the Boys Street Challenge, although it's more of the same type, but not really super,
super linked. And yeah, in Japan, that one was Bikuri Nekketsu Shin Kiroku Harukanaru
Kin Metal, which was Astonishing Hot-Blooded New Records Distant Gold Medals. So, but yeah.
I love how they like to butcher names and everything when they come out. But yeah, it
did come back out on virtual consoles, so those with Wii go get it. However, I will
just say this to this date, the Super CD version is my favorite.
Alright, so your classic video game of the week, River City Ransom, or in this case,
Downtown Nekketsu Monogatari. There it is. The classic game of the week from the archives.
And you know what? A recently released game reminds me, I would actually even consider
it a spiritual successor, because Dan and I were talking about it, which is how I was
thinking of doing this one, is the, oh crap, now I just forgot the name, where you play
as a delinquent boy beating up other people. Badass something.
Bully?
No, Badass Rumble or something.
Kankobancha Badass Rumble.
That's it.
Kankobancha.
That's it.
Alright, well.
Because I told Dan we had to get that game, and Dan's like, I want it just because it
has badass in the name.
Just because of the name. Alright, well that's going to do it for this part A of our show,
but we're not done yet. We're going to come back for plenty more, which is pretty amazing,
because part A tonight was two hours. That's one of our longest part A's in a while, but
that's okay. We've obviously had a lot to talk about between this wine flu and gaming
and all that food and all that other fun stuff. But we are going to take a quick break. We
will be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, so stick around. Stay tuned. We'll
be right back, because in part B tonight, your Twitter topics, your phone calls, some
rapid fire news, and of course more chat, including Silent Hill news, One vs. 100 season
2, Gran Turismo 5, Moonwalker, plenty more coming up in part B tonight. We will be right
back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, November
the 15th of 2009, where we are taping the 344th episode of our podcast, as we do every
Sunday night, live on All Games Radio, www.allgames.com. We tape live at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard
Time, right after the conclusion of the Bobby Black Wolf show, every Sunday night on All
Games Radio, when we aren't sick with the flu. And we just came back from a music break.
We took a really short live break tonight. We only listened to one song, and that was
the new song from Final Fantasy 13. We actually listened to the full version of Leona Lewis
with My Hands. I'm kind of curious. I'm assuming this is the first time that Dark Soccer and
Loki had heard that song. Would you guys kind of think of that as the Final Fantasy ballad?
Just kind of your typical little power ballad from Final Fantasy.
Yeah, I kind of tuned it out.
Yeah, I kind of tuned it out a little bit. You know, you just kind of have to imagine,
you know, that's going to be the big romance scene with lightning and snow and what do
they get partially cloudy and whatever these guys' names are in the game.
No, it's going to be snow and that red-headed chick and one that's like flying through the
fire.
What's her name? Thunder Snow?
No, it's not Thunder Snow. I don't know.
30% chance of precipitation. Is that her name? It's funnier, though, if you imagine it being
that tough-looking army dude that raises all the chocobos, and he's singing it to a chocobo.
That is funny.
That is pretty damn funny.
There you go. See, doesn't that make that song a lot of fun?
It'll be snow getting it on with his motorcycle, which turns into the twin shivas and yeah.
All right. Anyhow, there you go. Love it or hate it. It's the ballad from Final Fantasy
13 and those of you that weren't listening live tonight, that's okay. I'm sure that...
I think her album comes out on Tuesday, so if you really want to hear it, you can check
it out on iTunes.
Anyhow, we're going to get back into the show tonight. Let's go ahead and go into rapid
fire news first because I failed to load the Twitter topics during the break.
Fail.
I know. Well, we only had a short break tonight. So while I get that up, we'll go ahead and
do rapid fire news and then we will do Twitter topics.
Well, Final Fantasy 13 is coming out a lot sooner than it is over here in Japan. Well,
they're going to be getting some extra content as well, including a new camp or a campaign
code, which will be used in Final Fantasy 14. What exactly does that mean? Who knows?
But it's something that's exclusive if you buy...
Horse armor.
Could very well be horse armor or a campaign to get horse armor.
Or it could be horseshit.
Or how about this? There are no horses in Final Fantasy.
Oh my God.
Sorry.
Chocobo armor.
That'd be cool.
Like tactics.
It's bird crap.
Actually, when a lot of folks saw the previews for one of those Final Fantasy games, I think
it was Eleven that first showed it, that a lot of people were like, cool, Chocobos and
armor. Cool.
I thought that was tactics to have that.
Oh, maybe it was. Maybe it does go that far back. I wouldn't be surprised.
Anyways.
Hold on. Can we just have a moment to reflect on what a great fucking game Final Fantasy
Tactics was?
I didn't like it.
What?
Get out.
I don't like tactics games.
What?
Oh my God.
Do I really do this show with you guys?
I really don't like tactics games.
Oh my God.
Final Fantasy Tactics is amazing.
I recognize it as an amazing game.
I personally do not dig the tactics games.
Fine.
Command & Conquer 4 has been announced to be coming out next year on March 16th.
They call it Tiberian Twilight, and I hate that subtitle because it reminds me of that
crappy vampire movie series and book series.
Happy series in general.
Did you know that Burger King Neuros is staying open 24 hours for two days because of the
stupid Twilight movies?
That's sad.
Why would Burger King- I mean, I realize they have the whole Twilight promotion.
Yeah, they have a big old Twilight promotion going, it's on the crowns.
That's blasphemy.
Blasphemy.
Sorry.
Anyways, the game will-
I was so bored this week, Loki, when I was sick.
I was watching the Rachael Ray show, and that right there should tell you something.
She was giving makeovers to Twilight fans to make them look like Twilight characters.
And I'm just sitting there going-
Isn't she supposed to cook?
I would rather be at work.
So she took them the hot topic.
Alright, just keep-
I thought she was supposed to cook.
Keep going.
I'm sorry.
Anyways, the game will conclude the Tiberian storyline, and yeah, it'll be coming out also
March 19th in Europe.
So that's kinda cool.
And then finally, Wok- or, Wokban.
I'm sorry, no Wokban this- but Rockban, though.
We will be getting some wonderful download content in the form of a pack from AFI, including
songs Beautiful Thieves, End Transmission, Love Like Winter, Medicate, and the Leaving
Song Part 2.
I like Love Like Winter, that's a good song.
And that'll be available as a pack for 680 Microsoft points, or $8.50 in real money.
And of course, available individually for $2 each, or 160 Microsoft points, or 200 Wii
points, you know, you can kinda figure that out.
And finally, the individual song for this week, though, is The Bangles, Walk Like an
Egyptian, which also goes over for $2.
And for the PSP, Dead Kennedys, California, Uber Allies, or Uber Alls?
They spelled allies wrong, stupid.
Sleater Kinney with You're No Rock and Roll Fun.
And that's also $2.
Dude, Walk Like an Egyptian I think would actually be kind of a hard song to play.
I seem to remember it had a very fast guitar and drum part.
It's a song that people recognize.
People like songs that people can recognize.
Exactly.
But now I'm trying to think about what the game Walkban would look like.
I can picture just these horrible, horrific stereotypes that really shouldn't be repeated,
but that's just what pops into my mind, I can't help it, but I'm sure it would be a
hideous, hideously racist game.
50 different renditions of I'm turning Japanese.
All right, anyhow, moving on to another rapid fire news tonight.
The Wireless N network adapter has made its way out to America.
If you want to pay $100 for it, the Wireless N networking adapter is out.
It's dual band, 5 gigahertz, 2 point...
You know what?
I'm not gonna read all the technical specs, because I'm just not that nerdy.
Just trust me, it's out, and if you like your wireless fast, very fast, then this will get
it fast.
But do remember, you need an N router, or this will do no good.
That is one thing you need.
It'll just be no faster.
Yeah, oh well, it'll be no faster.
It'll just revert to B or G or whatever it is you have in your house.
Anyhow, also, Madden NFL Arcade coming out November 24th and 25th, depending on what
platform you're on.
It will come out for $15 on the PlayStation Network, 1200 Microsoft points on their respective
service.
This is Madden NFL Arcade.
I'm assuming...
I don't know a whole lot more about this game, but I'm assuming this just plays a little
more like, not so probably intense with your play picks and so forth.
It's probably just more of a...
It's like 30 yards.
It's almost like...
Probably like, I would imagine like Tecmo Bowl back in the day or something.
Was it so...
Yeah, maybe.
This is actually, to be honest, this looks like the type of football game I could get
into where it's just not overly complicated with all this technical stuff.
It almost reminds me of arena football because, I mean, they are playing on 30 yard fields
and it's really fast and...
I don't know.
It's just another excuse to get you to spend money on this because, hey, they tried it
with NBA and with NHL, so why not try it with Madden, their number one selling sports franchise?
Why not?
They can make...
I mean, $15 is not exactly...
It's on the higher end of the arcade games.
I have to read this comment from chat before I get to the last story I have here.
Sj100matt says, Walk band sounds like a parody from South Park.
Like playing Rampart to keep the Mongolians from ripping down my shitty wall.
Lastly, for me for rapid fire news tonight, Criterions developed a need for speed game
is making its way out next year.
That is official, I guess, from Criterion Games website.
I don't know if that is the need for speed online game, but it's another game coming
out there from Criterion is next year.
So if you like your, you know, explosive car wrecks, there you go.
Well, Star Trek Online, how's this for Gear Switch?
Will be out on February 2nd, 2010, or if you want to go by the star date, uh, 63554.5.
Um, but yeah, I am totally, totally, totally very happy with that because I will be playing
the hell out of it.
And also, um, they were, um, saying that, um, the events that happened in the movie
affect the game.
Even though the movie's a parallel universe thing.
Yes.
Strange.
Maybe this is a reboot universe game.
Interesting.
That would be very, very interesting.
I am, I honestly, my gut reaction to hearing this was already like, I seriously thought
it was not going to be till next Christmas.
And now I'm sitting here going, Holy crap, it's going to be out in February, February
2nd.
Oh my God.
Bye.
Wow.
Yeah.
Well, um, also, um, new, uh, Beatles right band, uh, download content on November 17th
with a Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club band.
So that'll be pretty cool November 17th, not too far to go.
Um, also, um, yeah, that's actually going to be for Xbox 360 and Wii.
And then, um, for the iPhone, there is a Commodore 64 emulator back on the iPhone store.
So I guess they patched out, I remember it was there before and like you could somehow
trick it into running basic, but then that means you could write your own code on the
iPhone.
That's a big no-no.
Well, right, because it was rejected because of the basic interpreter.
Um, but now they have, um, removed it and then other people figured out how to get back
into it.
And so, um, apparently now it's just on with even further revised code and also has, um,
a boost in performance and three new games, international basketball, international baseball
and international tennis.
Also included are Dragon's Den, Le Mans, Arctic Shipwreck, Jack Attack and Jupiter Lander.
I actually played Le Mans when I was a kid.
I remember that game.
So those aren't totally obscure games.
Some of those, uh, are pretty well known Commodore 64 games.
All right, before we get back into more news, let's get into some Twitter topics tonight.
Uh, we always ask before the show for you to send us your topics to twitter.com slash
O-L-R and if you're not following us on Twitter, why not follow us?
Enjoy our twit spam twitter.com slash O-L-R is our username OB Orange Lounge Radio.
Sturlock tweeted us tonight wanting to know, I'm curious what your guys' opinion is on
the visually impaired gamer suing Sony.
As a blind gamer myself, I find it to be a bad move and I had no idea what Sturlock was
talking about, but I found it interesting.
So I tweeted back.
I said, give me a link.
And Sturlock gave me a link.
And so we have, I hadn't heard about this, but you know, keep in mind I was a little
bit out of it for a week.
So here's the story has to do with, um, a visually impaired gamer who has basically
sued Sony.
And a lot of this has to do with the Americans with Disabilities Act, which states that quote,
no individual shall be discriminated against on the basis of disability in the full and
equal enjoyment of the goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, or accommodations
of any place of public accommodation by any persons who owns leases or leases to or operates
a place of public accommodation.
So in other words, you know, you can't discriminate against somebody for a disability, whether
that be blindness, deafness, uh, can't use your legs.
So you're bound to a wheelchair, you know, whatever it is, uh, you have to kind of have
equal opportunities for everybody.
So anyway, um, according to this lawsuit, Sony has apparently ignored requests through
mail, email, and so forth to make modifications to the games to make them more accessible.
Um, I don't know why though, but I guess this thing actually gets into massively multiplayer
online titles requesting the addition of visual cues to point gamers to their destinations
for gamers with disability impaired visual processing.
Um, so it's kind of interesting to hear this lawsuit comes to light.
I would have liked to hear more about, and I think Strelok's in chat, I'd kind of like
to hear more about his feelings against the story, um, cause I think that's kind of interesting.
Um, you know, it's, it's tough.
I can imagine it's, it's very tough to have a disability such as blindness or deafness.
And this isn't the first time we've had a listener who has a major disability, it's
kind of talking about games.
And I think a lot of these things that we take for granted sometimes, like for instance,
have we ever sat here and said, oh man, the graphics in the game were awesome and just
everything looks so real and the water effects were so cool.
And we have to sometimes realize like, not everybody like sees that, you know, I know
what they do in the movie world is that, um, they actually will release movies into theaters.
Um, at particular showings throughout the day or a special, you know, theater time or
whatever where they actually have, or a device that actually describes the scenes to folks
while they're watching the movie.
You know, because if you can't see what's going on, it might actually say, you know,
Tom Cruise's character is walking into a bar or something, you know, like that type of
thing.
It'll actually kind of describe the scenes for you, which, you know, makes sense.
Just like we have close captioning for deaf folks, you know, who can't, you know, we'll
see that and it'll be little musical notes of someone singing or what have you, you know,
there's other little ways they accommodate.
Video games don't really have a lot of that.
Does the ADA really apply here though?
I'm not so sure.
I think it might be a little bit of extreme to say that.
I think certainly though, there is a statement being said here though, that a game company
that could cater to this could certainly bring in an audience that a lot of folks seem to
be neglecting.
Does that make sense?
Well, yeah.
It's just, there's, there's certain things that I think people need to have a reasonable
expectation about that this is for an MMO, right?
Well, I think in part, but this is about games in general.
I mean, imagine if you were blind.
There are some, yeah, that it has to do with the type of game with, like, for example,
if it's, if it's something that as a game requires a number of visual clues, if I personally,
this is just me cause I, you know, for example, okay.
When my hand was hurting, I could not physically play any game except for singing in rock band
and I don't like to sing, but I sing in rock band so I could play.
I know that's a weak excuse, but I'm just using it as a personal example.
I think that if, if it's a game that yes, modifications can be made to it so that someone
can participate, there needs to be a release or like a server or some way that you can
enable somebody to do that, but if it is something that requires, you know, visual clues so strongly
that there is no possible way to simulate the same feel of the game through any other
course of action, like if you could do it with sound, that would be great, especially
if you could have a big speaker set up over your monitor that you could use directional
sound like that.
That's one thing, but you're talking about, um, this has to do with the bottom line.
The company's main concern is going to be, is your business going to be worth the money
that we're going to spend to keep your business?
And I don't, I don't really think that it applies, that the ADA is going to apply, apply
to that because I mean, like for example, you know, say that, um, I say that I damaged
my larynx and I really wanted to sing in rock band.
There's no possible way they can make me able to sing.
I'm sorry.
They can't do it.
You know, maybe I can play a keyboard or something with it.
That's reasonable.
But do you see what my point is is that there are just some things that you cannot compensate
for.
I think the bottom line though, and I think the point that Strelok was trying to make
with the story is that, you know, the lawsuit's not really the way to go about making your
point.
And I think that's what he disagrees with.
Um, you know, and I, I to some extent say, yeah, you know, a lawsuit's a little silly.
We have enough frivolous lawsuits in this country.
I think the key is reward the companies that address your needs.
Exactly.
You know, if there's MMOs out there that give those better audio clues to the things that,
you know, sometimes we take for granted as visual, you know, descriptions or, you know,
giving you more directional type of, you know, sound or clues or whatever it may be, reward
those companies for their efforts.
Or even a special video mode.
Cause I know that in some cases, certain colors will register in, in different types of blindness
that others won't have, like, you know, a special color filter mode cause you can easily
do that.
And you know, some games do that, like a lot of puzzle games, you can switch from colors
to patterns.
You know, there's little, little things they do.
Some games have had colorblind mode.
Or even, and I think this is kind of funny to joke about it as a disability cause it's
really not, but lefty mode in a lot of games.
Let's face it, there's a lot of things that sometimes the right-handed folks take for
granted that left...
Changing flashes in DDR for epilepsy.
Interesting.
Yeah.
So there's, there's lots of very interesting little subtle changes that they, they try
to do in games to make them more accessible and I think, you know, we reward companies
that do that.
Well also the, and I hate to say that this stinks of, of that situation where there's
a one lawyer, um, wheelchair bound, who was going around to, actually not even going to
some of these places, picking places like, uh, Julian California, they did it there,
um, forcing businesses to either go out of business or spend all this money to make places
accessible when the places were accessible anyway and you're going back and suing places
that he had never been to.
You know, some people actually seek to, and this is, this is a problem that I have with
the American Disabilities Act is that, and I, I, there's a lot of good that came from
it.
Don't get me wrong.
I think there is a lot of good that came from it.
And I think that if a company wants the business, they do need to cater to everybody.
They need to be courteous.
I don't think there should be a law to force people to be courteous, but they should be
courteous.
They should be mindful of their clientele.
At the same time, I think that it opened up a lot of doors for abuse, a lot of doors for
abuse because now, and, and see, and again, I'm actually out of work right now under the
American Disabilities Act because I physically could not use my hand.
I was grateful for it.
It gave me the recovery time I needed, but that doesn't mean that I'm not going to go
to work and say, you're forcing me to do my job.
I'm suing.
You know, it's the same thing.
I think that it's actually trying to, trying to take advantage of your disadvantage.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So I don't, I don't want to drag this out for too long, but I think maybe the bottom
line of the story is that don't forget blind people, deaf people, you know, whatever, all
these different types of disabilities have money too.
And if you're going to cut them out of your game, you're not going to get their money.
So something developers have to be mindful for seriously, just playing the one, the one
suing.
Yeah.
Well, play another game.
If they're going to be bitches, why do you want them to have your money?
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on with some more tweets.
Fernando on the Twitter says Philharmonic band.
Yes or no.
I, I, it's kind of a broad question.
If you're, if you're going to join a Philharmonic band, um, I was a band geek.
Dark soccer was a band geek.
Loki, were you a band geek?
Nope.
If you're a band geek, one out of three say join the band.
It's a, it's a good experience, but I don't know, it could be talking about like a CD
coming out or something.
I don't know.
It's kind of broad.
Um, Ray Iannami says, OLR modern warfare two gets a 9.5 from IGN and a 1.5 reader average.
And I actually tweeted back cause I was kind of like, okay, well the sales figures don't
say 1.5.
So I said, Oh, is this people like spamming it with negative reviews?
Cause they're like, they're doing the Amazon thing.
They're spamming negative reviews cause they're pissed about the server lockout.
And Ray Iannami says, yes, people who bought the PC version claim it's like paint playing
a console FPS on a PC.
Well don't buy it and don't let us catch you on a steam play in the game and get screenshots
of it.
Cause that says way more than a silly 1.5 average on some side.
I don't even read anyway, ever will.
I don't know what else to say about that.
Rhetortainment says, uh, of these three major releases recently, which is the best uncharted
2, the ballot of gay Tony or modern warfare 2.
See, I haven't played any of those games.
Yeah, it just depends on the person you ask.
Uh, certainly those are all games that are going to be up there and we talk about game
of the year, maybe not so much gay Tony cause it's an expansion last year's game.
But um, if you're talking about which one do I have the most hype for, I really want
to check out uncharted 2 cause that just seems like the game I would enjoy most out of the
three.
But that's just me.
You know, I think they're, they're just different games.
It really depends on the type of gamer it is.
Um, blue swim tweets.
What do you think of crush 40 of Sonic adventure fame coming to the rock band network?
I hadn't heard, but I guess it was inevitable that some of these, um, you know, video game
related bands are going to come out through the rock band network.
That's pretty cool.
Also, any thoughts on Steven Tyler leaving Aerosmith?
He's not going to leave Aerosmith.
It's all, it's all for show.
They're fighting like any family does after a while.
He had a diva tantrum.
He had a diva tantrum.
Exactly.
He had a diva tantrum.
They'll work it out.
They'll probably be on break for a little while, but they'll bring it out.
Um, they were on a break.
The seg who we had on the show a couple of weeks ago says if you have time, review child's
play charity and mention not only umlaut, of course we had on the show a couple of weeks
ago, that event happening in just a few weeks at this point, God umlaut it's like a month
away and other events like desert bus on events page at child's play.
So yeah, this is the season for child's play, obviously the holiday season.
So I'm definitely check out some of the stuff they're doing.
I'm just looking at this desert bus tweet, which is a desert bus D E S E R T bus on Twitter.
It is the desert bus for hope charity.
I wonder if this is the same thing that they did from last year where they actually sat
and played that desert bus game on the feed.
I guess they are desert bus.org and actually go and look at the feed and watch them play
this incredibly boring freaking game, but it's all for a good cause.
Why don't you play a better game for a good cause?
That's my thing.
I mean, it's like, seriously, if you're going to do it anyways, just play a better game.
Well, I think it goes back to that whole thing, like people like to pay to watch other people
be tortured.
Well, then they should play was at that, uh, the, uh, it was a, uh, Takashi game.
They had one member Takashi hated, uh, games and so it made it really hard.
Oh yeah.
I heard about that.
Um, let's see.
One other thing I want to say, I can't get to all the tweets and there's a lot of stuff
mixed in here.
Um, Tiger Claw sends us one that says modern war, modern warfare two is banned in Russia
and actually sent us a link here to a website, uh, that talks about console versions of modern
warfare two have been banned in Russia and it's due to the content of the no Russian
mission and that's the controversial airport massacre level.
And uh, I guess the Russian government didn't like that.
He's the ire of the Russian gaming public as well as some politicians.
That's the problem when you do games that are like loosely based on faux historical
events.
You know what I mean?
Like you kind of make up these things that happen.
You're probably going to piss some people off, you know, whether it's fake or not.
So um, hopefully they get all that worked out.
Probably they'll have to release an edited version of the game if they want to release
it there.
Cause if the government wants to ban a game, they can.
And they will.
In Soviet Russia, I can't play you.
All right, let's move on with some more stories here.
Uh, Loki started us off with a story about Gran Turismo.
Yes, Gran Turismo, the game that will just never come out and now it's just taking even
longer because they're saying that it's being held up for marketing reasons, which is retarded.
Just say development, okay?
Not marketing because then that just says, oh yeah, we could release it, but we're going
to be assholes.
So Gran Turismo 5 will not be coming out now, um, well I guess it will be released in Japan
March 2010.
Everywhere else is kind of up in the air.
So um, no word on when we're going to get it, but Japan will get it possibly in March
2010 unless there's some more marketing they have to do over there.
Marketing reasons?
That's so weird.
Yeah, it says, we will release Gran Turismo 5 March in Japan, but for other regions it
has not been decided yet.
And this is asked by a motoring magazine, what the holdup was in the western release
of the game.
That's more depending on Sony Computer Entertainment America's marketing decisions.
What is the problem with just releasing a game and then marketing it?
Like why does it have to be marketed right out the gate?
Are day one numbers that critical to a game's success?
Yeah, but also you have to figure that, I'm not positive if it falls with them, but at
the same time, you know, they're going to be having God of War 3 coming out, at least
in the US.
Um, that's supposed to be sometime in March.
So perhaps they're going to try to, you know, sandbag the next year numbers by releasing
it in the first quarter of their financial 2010 year, or 2011, I don't know how they're
really counting it, but um, and usually a lot of the game companies, their financial
year starts either in April or kind of at the end of March, and that's why you'll see
kind of a second, or I guess the first big push for games, kind of sandbagged into March
because they're trying to pad their numbers to make their years look better, and then
all of a sudden they'll be just a big dead lol for the rest of the summer until the fourth
quarter.
So, that's kind of probably what they're doing.
Alright, well, uh, moving on to the games that are a lot closer to its release.
One versus 100, of course, had its early first season happen, and then the games kind of
disappeared for a little while, but guess what?
Season 2 is starting November 19th at 5 o'clock Pacific.
One versus 100 extended play begins then to get you all warmed up for season 2.
More than a half a million people competed in the 15 week beta season, and they're trying
to get even more people to show up for round 2.
Extended play, I guess, is now going to have themed trivia every weeknight, although I
assume they'll still have kind of some general trivia too, and then of course the more extended
play you play, apparently you have a better chance of being picked as one of the mob,
or even the one themselves, and you get to compete for actual prizes, woo!
Two million Microsoft points apparently were given during the first season.
No you get Microsoft Space Bucks.
It's not really cash, but in Microsoft's world it's cash.
It's not like Smash TV.
So there you go.
More money, more prizes, I love it!
As much as we're kind of making fun of it now, this actually is, of sorts, kind of like
a groundbreaking game, and I think is one of the huge things that Xbox 360 has going
for it right now that no other system has.
My only wish is that they would do more games.
Like why another season of one versus 100?
How about some like Price is Right or Press Your Luck, or I don't know, I understand
one versus one.
Price is Right would be so awesome.
Amazing.
Amazeballs, as they say.
But I'll take one versus one hundred season two.
Everybody loves a good trivia game.
It'll be a lot of fun.
So, Dark Sakura, any plans to join in on one versus one hundred season two?
Nope.
Well, fine.
I'll play by myself.
I have other stuff to play.
Like what?
Like a game that's coming out on the 8th of December over here in the US.
Yes.
Silent Hill Shadow Memories.
Woo hoo!
Which is the Wii-make of the original PlayStation 1 with twists here and there.
It's actually a re-imaging of the first one.
So you can go through it with the Wii mode as a flashlight and, well, there's no combat
in it.
But the cool thing though that Climax is keeping is all the stuff that Akira Yamaoka did for
the music, so that's going to be really happy.
I'm just really, really looking forward to it.
I think it's going to be fantastic.
And it better scare the crap out of me.
Just saying.
It was one of the more fun demos I played at E3, so I'm excited about it.
I saw something.
What are you gasping at over there?
On an ad for this article that made me just go, ahh!
What?
A boy and his blob!
You didn't know that?
Like a few weeks ago.
A few weeks ago.
I didn't know!
And apparently no one else did either because it only sold like 9,000 units.
Dude, I have to get this!
9,200 actually.
Wow.
Well, it's about to be 9,201.
Dark Soccer's very happy.
9,201.
Alright!
But see, seriously though, boy and his blob, no advertising, 9,200 units, I mean we could
easily do that with President Cat.
This is why, again, I heard those stories about President Cat only selling 100 copies
and I know I went off on the last show we had.
I just don't believe it.
I'm sorry.
Like if a game like boy and his blob sells 9,200 in this country, I can't believe President
Cat only sold 100 units.
And by the way, there was an awesome article on Kotaku.
I don't want to talk about President Cat every week on the show, but Kotaku did an awesome
piece that kind of called out those sites that were showing like the pictures with nobody
in them where you could clearly see there were barricades, so the booth just wasn't
open yet.
Fucking called those sites out by showing another picture later in the day that had
a lot of people there.
And like basically kind of saying like, well all these sites are just misrepresenting what's
going on.
Although, granted President Cat probably wasn't in the top 50 sales figures, well, I mean,
I don't think any of us really thought it was going to be.
But see the thing is though- But neither was boy and his blob, that's for
sure.
The people who were there, I'm sure, you know, I mean, the fact that they actually had like
a booth and were doing signings or whatever, that's more than you can say that, you know,
big buck hunting or buck fever is going to do.
I mean, buck fever is going to sell a lot because people are like, oh, hunting game
me buy.
You know, I mean, whereas with-
That's exactly what they say too at Walmart.
Well, with like, you know, President Cat people are going to be like, oh my God, cute cat
game.
And they're going to buy that.
And that's what's going to happen.
And boy and his blob, they're like, uh, uh, blob, no, boy, I like boy, no, no, I don't
like boys.
That's wrong.
You know?
Where in the hell were you going with that, Loki?
I don't even know.
That's funny.
No, but you know, again, I, I, I love that they called out those sites that like, you
know, what are you, what are you guys trying to start?
Like really know your facts before you report on them.
And there were some pretty big sites that were running this story that, you know, this
big failure of a launch event or whatever, you know what, there's a lot of launch events
that aren't going to cause lines to line up around the block.
You know what I mean?
That doesn't mean it was a failure.
I'm telling you, if that game came out over here at $20, it would sell like hotcakes.
And you know why?
Because people consume those $20 games like nothing.
It doesn't matter.
Everybody fucking loves cats.
It doesn't matter if it's good or not.
Your average consumer doesn't give a shit.
If it has cats and it looks like it has games in it, they're going to buy it.
And you know what?
If you just spend some time marketing it, um, just to even blog sites or even just,
you know, in, in store advertisement or something like that, it would sell like hotcakes.
It's just the effort.
And a lot of these companies, especially the smaller ones, don't put any effort out there.
They expect everybody else to kind of just sell it for them.
Anyway, I just want to give major props to Kotaku for calling those people out that ran
that story.
Think twice before you dish out your haterade, folks.
Think twice.
Anyhow, uh, Loki, next story.
Yes.
So the iPhone gets all sorts of crazy games, and there's a new one now that has you in
the role of a firefighter called Firefighter 360.
And it's actually kind of an augmented reality game.
It will create fires, um, using the camera, um, on the phone actually creates fires in
real life, but not really real fires, just it makes it look like there's fires in real
life, you know.
And you put them out, and you save, you know, digital people that happen to be, you know,
kind of wandering around in your augmented reality fire.
But uh, yeah, it's kind of neat, and um, of course, it will, it's um, out already.
And the price, you can't beat the price, 99 cents.
That's a good, that's, the only price that's better is free, but that's, for a game is
a pretty good price.
Very strange though, so like, if I were to download this game right now, and hold out
my phone like this, like, I would, there would be a fire on Loki, Loki would be on fire and
I would have to put it out with my water gun.
That's kind of strange, but I love that idea of kind of like using the iPhone camera and
making a game out of it, even though this sounds a little cheesy, that's kind of interesting.
I don't, like, it's interesting that more developers are thinking of how to use like,
you know, how can we use some of these devices that are unique to the iPhone to make a game
out of it.
So although this game sounds a little cheesy, I think the whole idea that it exists in the
first place is kind of cool.
And someone asked, what happens when you point it at real fire, does the fire catch fire?
Nice.
That's crazy deep.
That's kind of like that question about what happens when a tree falls in the woods or
something.
It goes, ah!
Is that it that's going on in the iPhone world, Loki?
Well, there's other things, and this is actually something more of Jamie's alley, though.
R-Type is coming to the iPhone, or iPod Touch, I guess.
It's basically, I don't know, it looks kind of neat, and they're basically collaborating
with Irem Software Engineering, I guess the company in there put it out, and they didn't
say which version it was going to be based off of, but hey, it's R-Type, it's on the
iPhone.
That'd be cool.
Hopefully it doesn't control like shit, because that's a lot of the problem with these console
ports to the iPhone.
Yeah.
They just control like shit.
That is a problem.
They just put a touch screen on the iPhone, iPod Touch, whatever, and that doesn't work
for a lot of games.
I'm sorry, but the whole like fake joystick thing sucks.
Apple, if they want more games, they should just release something that plugs into the
bottom that gives you a little controller.
How hard would that be?
How hard would that be?
Not very, exactly.
But then I guess the whole thought would be, well, not everybody would have one, so then
these games wouldn't be open to everybody, da-da-da-da-da, well, you know, have like
control scheme choices or something.
I don't know.
Have a detect if it's there, and use that.
If not, it uses the on-screen thing.
I just think gaming on the iPhone could be so much better if there were like more to
control with than just the touch screen, because, you know, there's only so much you can do
with your fat thumb.
Trust me, I know from experience.
Here's one game that I don't think I'll see on the iPhone anytime soon, but I just might
see it on the virtual console, Moonwalker.
It's actually coming out for the virtual console if the European rating PEGI site is to be
believed.
Of course, the rating board websites in various countries often seem to spill the beans when
it comes to what games are soon coming out on virtual console or, you know, PlayStation
Network, Xbox Live Arcade, and so forth.
Remember back in the day when they said that the ESRB wasn't going to do that anymore,
yet they still do?
Now it's just the foreign websites that are doing it instead, because this is from the
European websites.
Well, anyhow, of course, Moonwalker was a pretty epic game.
It was in the arcade and then, of course, on the Sega Genesis.
I'm imagining that this is the Sega Genesis version that's gonna come over, but, of course,
they do have arcade games emulatable on the Wii.
It's going to be the Genesis version.
Yeah.
Because I don't think they have any Sega games.
No, I guess...
No, they do, actually.
Didn't Golden Axe come out on the emulator thing?
I think you not only can get Golden Axe on the Wii.
I think you can get the arcade board.
I think Golden Axe Arcade came out, on Wii.
So it could be the arcade version, but it's probably the Genesis one.
I think it's the Genesis one, because I think that's the one that they actually, um, had
like it was, I don't know, it was the one that they had on their wet-listed.
This is gonna go the way of my Excitebike review. You'll download it, play it for ten
minutes and go, God, Moonwalker was pretty fucking awesome, but I'm already bored of
it, and then you'll never play it again, like a lot of virtual console games, but it won't
matter because Nintendo and Sega have your money, haha. But, you know, Moonwalker was
kind of neat, it was different, but I don't know if it's aged well, I think it's probably
more of just cashing in on Michael Jackson's death, which is kind of sad, but, you know,
a lot of people are doing it. There's a lot of money to be made in death. Anyhow, I wish
they would just do a new Michael Jackson game though, seriously, give us like an awesome
new music game that just uses Michael Jackson music, or Michael Jackson and Friends or something.
So, alright, anyhow, uh, let's move on to the mailbag. I don't know if we got any emails
tonight, I'm hoping we got at least one, because it was looking pretty empty earlier, but of
course, then again, you know, it's our own fault, because the shows have been behind,
but we'll go ahead and open up the mailbag anyway at mailbag.orangelauncherator.com and
see if anything's come in. I did see some tweets about emails, so I imagine there's
got to be at least one or two emails in there. So Dark Soccer's going to dive into the mailbag
head first and read some emails for us. Yep, um, actually just one from Spazinator. Alrighty
then. It's long. Well, it's just one. Hi folks, I was initially going to call in about this
subject tonight, but after seeing your tweet asking for mail, I decided to email you instead.
This email will be a first for me on your show for one single reason. You see, despite
the fact that I've been a fan of Sony Systems since 97, I've decided that it's time to virtually
rip Sony a new one. Suffice to say, based on that last statement, it is safe for everyone
to assume I'm not happy with Sony right now. Not at all. And it's all due to one reason.
Their worthless piece of motherfucking POS DRM on their movies slash video downloads.
See the thing is, I have been sinking good hard money into that service every week for
movies, TV shows, etc. that I had built up a decent collection, backing it all onto an
external HDD as I buy it all. In all, I had sunk several hundred dollars into the video
service, while as of this past Friday, all that money went down the drain. See, here's
the thing. I was about to launch a game and it had to update before I could play it, but
the system froze while it was updating, requiring a hard reset. That, of course, corrupted the
game, leaving a large unusable file on my HDD. So the kicker was, I couldn't delete
it by highlighting it, pushing triangle, and selecting delete, thus requiring me to reformat
my HDD to get rid of it, which I did. I started redownloading my games as per usual, and tried
putting my video content back onto my internal HDD and watch it. Here's the so-called good
part. I could transfer the videos back, but the DRM was all followed up and the videos
were unplayable. As common sense would suggest, I called Sony and explained to the rep what
happened. Unfortunately, the response I got back was less than optimal, to put it lightly.
To paraphrase, they said I was shit out of luck and had to buy everything all over again.
I have to say it, but this is 100% pure, unadulterated, grade A fucking horseshit. I love that term.
On one hand, I can sympathize with the fact that they want to curtail any kind of piracy,
which is fine, but this could have been handled very differently and in a better manner. I'm
reasonably sure that they kept records of what each customer purchases, at least for
their own bookkeeping purposes. Also, obviously for videos, one can only have one system activated
at one time, so it's not like I could share these videos if I wanted to, not that I would
mind you. Frankly, it kills me that I've been supporting them for so long and sunk so much
money into that, in the end all, I practically get a fuck you from them and get spat in the
face and kicked in the junk. This really is making me seriously consider becoming a rabid
360 fanboy, so in closing, and in the event that Sony is listening to the live broadcast
or the podcast, I have to say this, fuck you and fuck the drama initiative sharks that
you rode in on and subsequently jumped. If Sony wants to keep me as a customer and avoid
some serious negative PR, I seriously suggest they fix this issue ASAP. This email was brought
to you by Sony's borked DRM, thus rendering this email unreadable. I will say one thing,
it's not with Sony, but with Apple. When I had to completely reboot my iPhone and lost
everything I downloaded since, well let's see, I did it in February and lost everything
since November, the year before. And when I called in, because they keep a record of
all of my purchases, I explained to them what happened, I said yeah, I was updating my iPhone
for the first time in four months, and I was like, oh okay, well we'll just reauthorize
everything up to the last date of your last update. And they did that, and so it was just
those things that they set up for me to queue to re-download. Why can't Sony do something
like that? It's fucking Sony.
That is interesting, you know, I've not heard a lot like that. I'm kind of sitting here
a little bit in awe because, you know, I was listening to the first half of the email,
I was kind of sitting here going, well you just need to call Sony, and then they reset
things because I think that's what Microsoft does. Granted, I don't know so much about
the video end of things, I just know that they do that with the games, is that, you
know, they can reset the licenses. Hell, you can do it yourself, I think once a year you
can reset your licenses. Same thing with Apple, does something very similar. Like, you know,
if you have to reinstall Windows or whatever, and you get five plays per account or whatever,
you know, this is, they don't even sell music with DRM anymore anyway, they got rid of it.
For the DRM music that you still have, you get like up to five computers, I don't know.
Regardless, I'm kind of sitting here in shock hearing this story. This is a little bit surprising
to me that I haven't heard this before, but granted, I don't know a lot of people that
use the video marketplace so heavily. You know, I don't think there's a lot of people
that are really into the digital distribution. You know, I know you've called in the show
several times talking about various automates and stuff, so, you know, I know you're a heavy
user of this, so this is kind of surprising to me. So, I think you've done a good first
step by starting to get the word out there that this is going on. The way I see it, you
have a couple of options from here. You can call Sony back, and if you don't like the
answer that you're getting from the rep, you can ask to speak to a supervisor. Not that
that's probably going to do anything, but you probably want to get clarity on why. What
is the policy? Why is it that you can't, if you legally purchase this, you know, item,
you can't watch it? Why are they unable to reset something from their end? Maybe try
to get a clear answer about what their policy is on it, because, you know, I'm hearing that
the rep told you that you were shit out of luck, but I just, as a consumer activist,
if you will, that has a podcast, I want to know a little more about the why. Why did
they tell you that you were shit out of luck? Your other options, once you've figured that
out, and once you have a really good solid reason and you understand their policy, you
can do one of two things, or you can do both. You go to the Better Business Bureau and file
a complaint, and quite frankly, I wouldn't usually advise this, but if this is true,
what you're saying, that Sony does say you're shit out of luck for something you legally
purchased yourself when you had to fix something that they broke, right, he said his drive
corrupted, right? Yeah, and he had to do a hard reset and it corrupted his game data,
so he had to, the only way to get rid of it, because it wouldn't delete, was to reformat
it. Or you could, and if you want, you could try to get your story out there a little more,
once you kind of know, understand the policies a little more, email some of your favorite
game blogs, see who might run the story, especially if you do end up sending a complaint to Better
Business Bureau, you could see what happens. Now granted, there's also other things to
check out here, and this is where our chat room's piping up, something very big to consider
here. Brad from Pod Culture says, Sky, but why should Sony let them play it again? A
store does not replace your disc if you lose or scratch it. And certainly that's a valid
devil's advocate argument is that if you just damaged the data, you're shit out of luck
if it were a Blu-ray disc that you dropped on the floor. It was an accident, but you
dropped it, you broke it, you're screwed, right? This is due to their... I know, there's
just something where I totally respect where Brad's coming from with that statement. There's
just something about what Spazinator's saying that just doesn't sound fair to me. Isn't
this part of the reason we do digital distribution? Yeah. Is so that I don't have a physical...
The advantage is supposed to be that I have a digital version of it that doesn't get damaged
the way a physical copy does. We always talk about the pros and cons about why should people
have physical versions instead of digital versions, but we don't often talk about why
should people have digital versions instead of physical ones. And if Sony... And again,
if Apple and Microsoft have these competitive DRM management schemes, then Sony should be
taken to task for having one that is less than ideal, I suppose. So, very interesting.
I don't know what else to think of this. I would say call back, talk to a supervisor.
If you can't hear from a supervisor, get their complaint address and write them a letter.
Make sure also when you talk to their people that you document names, what time you called.
You want to know who you spoke to, who their supervisor is. You want to record all of that
because the next step after writing them a letter is if you get nothing from that, go
to the Better Business Bureau. And for the... I just would like to know what is their policy?
And you know, I could go onto Sony's website and actually read the little blah, blah, blahs
and probably figure it out for myself. I don't have time to do that while trying to do a
live radio show, but I would kind of like our listeners to try and figure that out for
the next week and maybe we'll see some emails on that. What exactly is their policy when
it comes to this stuff? Just the whole your shit out of luck response. I mean, I'm a customer
service trainer. That's not the type of thing you tell a customer ever is that you're shit
out of luck. There's always something that you... Even if that something is, here is
our complaint address if you don't like the policy. This is our policy and if you don't
agree with it, here's an address to complain about it. That is better than, well, fuck
you. You know what I mean? Just what I'm hearing, just as the customer service trainer in me
is crying a little bit. So...
Well, no. And keep in mind, you know, I used to take escalated calls at my work. So I used
to talk to all the pissed off people. And I know that there's something that can be
done. If you want to keep someone's business... Because keep in mind, this is... I don't know.
I'm going into a little bit of the world of business and maybe this is something you can
use, Rob. We actually remember going through a couple of training seminars that were called
a complaint as a gift. And was talking about for every eight people who get a bad... No,
for every eight people that have a bad experience, at least two of them will talk about it. Two
of them will talk to eight more people. You know what I mean? And they'll keep passing
it around by word. For every, I think... I've heard the same thing, just not with numbers.
I think the numbers always seem to change. But you know what I mean? That principle.
But you're also going to run into the person who is an activist. The person who's going
to take the initiative and get up and write the letter.
The Jamie. Well, you know, I actually adopted that whole attitude after taking that seminar.
And I'll tell you this, if any place has given me bad service for any reason, if I know specifically
that yeah, they haven't done things that they should do, I will say something about it.
Because if no one says anything about it to the company, how are they going to know to
fix it? How are they going to know that maybe so-and-so rep screwed up until you call them
on it? You know? I think there's not enough people who call other people on their bullshit.
And to be fair, if I know we have had people that work for... We have been mentioned on
the official Sony PlayStation 3 Twitter before. This show. On the official Twitter. Yes. Because
we've had friends that work at Sony. So please, by all means, Sony, the floor is yours. If
we are misrepresenting these facts, if this emailer had a bad experience and needs to
be corrected, please contact us. You know how. There's many different ways to do it.
State your side of the case. If we are misrepresenting you, we want to make it right. But on the
other hand, if your policy sucks, we also want to call you out on it. Sorry, but that's
what we do. So, by all means, let's hear both sides of the story. Okay. That's pretty much
what I was getting to next, is that there's always two sides of the story, but again,
they don't know the situation exists until it's brought to their attention. Right. And
this could, unfortunately, be just a bad experience with the customer service rep. And if that
is their policy, this could be a step to changing it. Who knows. We'll see. But Spaznator, don't
necessarily just stop with this, I think. But if you do write a letter, make sure you
actually write a letter. Don't do it over email. Emails get lost, deleted, and are harder
to trace. Trust me. You can type it on a computer, but just send it to the good old fashioned
post office. You'll thank me later. Okay. Anyhow, that was actually a really good email.
So is that it for mailbag, then, for now? That's the one and only. All right. Well,
mailbagorangeonstrader.com. That was a good email. It was a good discussion. So mailbagorangeonstrader.com,
if you want to, and he always gets through on the phone, so I'm sure he's going to call
in later to talk about it. So it'll come up again later, I'm sure. But it was an interesting
discussion, and I would be very curious to see, and if you run a game blog out there,
I'm too lazy to do this, so here you can take this story and just say it was inspired by
this show, okay? Throw us a bone. I would like to see the DRM policies of the various
companies side by side. I would like someone to make that nice little chart that says,
here's what it is with Microsoft. Here's what it is with Nintendo for their limited video
service in Japan, which I think they have. Here's what it is for the US. I would like
to see that kind of side by side so the consumer can be better informed going into this. I
would like to kind of see that. Anyhow. I agree. All right, let's get into the FUs of
the week, and I was supposed to have a story, and I neglected to link it, so I've got to
bring it up real quick. So FU starts to me for not being prepared tonight. You know what,
we'll do this a little bit out of order tonight because I am so terrible and broken tonight.
We'll do our FUs first, and then I'll read the inspiring story tonight.
This is fun. All this is bad. Here is justice. Here is punishment. Here is... This is fun.
This is soccer. My FU goes to pissy attitudes. That's it. Loki. FU to the stores that think
that it's necessary to break street to compete with GameStop and other stores. You just suck
and make my job harder. My FU just goes to the swine flu. I mean, really. Need I say
more? You heard the first 20 minutes of tonight's show.
Finally, we found that story that's supposed to inspire tonight's FUs. You remember this
came from a couple weeks ago. Do you remember hearing about the raid where the police guys
busted into the house and started playing the Nintendo Wii during the raid?
No.
Maybe this was the show you weren't here because you did miss a show or two because you had
other things going on. There was actually police that broke into a house and started
playing the Wii that was there. Just seriously, really? You're professionals and you're sitting
there playing the Wii or whatever on the job. Well, apparently what happens is that as punishment
did these officers get fired? Did they get suspended without pay? No. They're going to
have to go through some retraining. The officers even, those names are being withheld because
they are undercover police and the company is saying they are learning from their mistakes.
So in other words, these officers that were screwing around playing the Wii on the job
got a slap on the wrist and are getting sent back to training. And as a trainer, you know
what, I, you know what? No, for the sake of separating my job from this, I'm not going
to get into it, but there's, there's certain things about that excuse that really strike
a nerve with me and that's all I can say.
Well, I'll put this, well then I will talk about my experience as a person who is required
to take a certain number of training classes a year. I think that they're just going to
be more inconvenienced than anything else to go to a class to learn stuff that they
already know. Because there's a difference between knowing something and caring enough
to put it into practice. That's my point. It's just going to be, oh, we have to sit
in the class for a day. You know.
There is so much I want to say, but can't. I just can't. I'm sorry.
Say after the show so you can get it out.
After the show, I would love to share it with you personally, but I can't talk about it
on a platform where people, I don't know who has access to it and who could share it with
who, but there's just so much I could say about it.
I will say this though, and I will tell you this out of, because I do know our trainers
and I know the hard work that they put into it. That's why I usually at least pay attention,
but all of them know I already know it.
But do you think these guys are going to sit there and pay attention?
Probably not. They're dicks.
So this is probably a waste of everyone's time, right?
Yeah.
Anyhow, let's move on with some other stories.
I don't think playing a Wii is cause for suspension, but still.
At the same time though, like really, you're there to do a job.
I think the bad press for the police itself.
Is punishment enough, I suppose.
Might be bad enough, yeah.
I suppose. All right, Loki.
All right. Anyways, so this is kind of cool, because of course, you know, huge Grand Theft
Auto fan. Grand Theft Auto IV for the PC just recently got an update to, I believe, live.
The games for Windows Live also kind of got an update as well.
And with that, the download content for The Lost and Damned, the achievements are showing
up now on Game for Windows Live.
So that can only mean one thing.
That the download content that once was exclusive to the Xbox 360 is coming to PC.
And that makes sense, because if you think about it, Microsoft paid to have that download
content made, or at least paid for the exclusivity.
Games for Windows is still Microsoft, so perhaps we will see both episodes eventually released
for the PC, and probably sooner than later.
That's pretty sweet.
Sorry, PC, or PS3 owners, no word on that.
Interesting.
Interesting.
Although, it could open the door to that, possibly?
Not necessarily.
I mean, they could literally port this in a heartbeat.
I mean, everything that's on there, it's a multiplatform anyways.
It could be ported, like, seriously super quick, because they already have the hardware
done.
I mean, the engine's already done.
They don't really have to change too much.
But they're just not gonna, because they're under contract.
And especially if, you know, $50 million does, that kind of buys some time, I should say.
It probably will never make it over to the PS3.
Well, dudes, I got one more story for you.
Dudes, do you like Barbie?
Of course you do, because how else is the Xbox Live Marketplace selling Avatar clothing?
Because that's basically what it is.
It's Barbie for dudes.
And dudettes, of course, too.
But hey, some people like to buy these clothes and dress their own little character and buy,
you know, the Malibu Beach backgrounds and whatever else you can get on Xbox Live Marketplace.
Pretty soon, you're going to be able to get from the Avatar Marketplace Assassin's Creed
2 gear.
That's right, 28 awesome outfits for your Barbie avatar, both girly and boy versions
in Barbie and Ken models.
You can get Renaissance masks, hats, wristbands, and so forth.
But if you want the really great stuff, the guard armor, the Altair outfit, you know,
like the deluxe Barbie evening gown wear, I'm sorry, the Assassin's Creed 2 equivalent
of that, that'll cost you 400 Microsoft points.
That's five bucks, just so you know.
Also of interest, a DaVinci's flying machine, if you want to get that, 240 Microsoft points
for that.
Well, that's also from Assassin's Creed 2.
I actually kind of want that.
Yeah, I know.
I don't know.
I kind of, you know what, I can see...
Also, the DJ Hero stuff.
I can sit here and make fun of this stuff a little bit.
You know, granted, I'm no better.
I spent $10 on a Warcraft pet this week, so I'm really no better.
But I do find this stuff to be a little silly, and even I can admit, what I did was silly
too, but I just think this whole, like, buying for your virtual costume, when a lot of games
don't even really use them, I mean, I guess a few do, like Guitar Hero does and stuff,
maybe more will next year or what have you, but pretty soon it's all gonna be in a tall,
so you will be in the game anyway, not your avatar.
So I don't know.
Whatever, though, there you go.
Anyhow, some folks in chat are complaining that the stream has died, but I am seeing...
Oh, we did drop for a minute, but we're reconnected now and we're good, so I guess the stream
did drop for a minute.
I don't know what happened there.
Technical glitch.
It happens.
Don't know what to do.
I was downloading all that porn.
Sorry, Rob.
There you go.
Knew it.
And again, live folks, keep in mind, there's not a lot we can do when the stream goes down.
It does usually tend to come back right away, so our biggest advice to our live listeners
would be just wait patiently 30 seconds and reload.
You usually won't miss too much.
You just miss me making jokes about how the Xbox Live Marketplace is like Barbie for dudes.
That's all.
All right.
You didn't miss much.
All right.
Let's get into the Skype line, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or you can give us a call, username Orange
Lounge Radio on Skype.
Go ahead and give us a call.
Speaking of technical difficulties, I hate the new Skype.
If you've been listening the past few weeks, Skype got a makeover the last couple of months,
and I hate it.
I miss the old one so, so, so much.
I miss the first version of Skype we used several years ago.
I would see everybody that was calling in, so everybody would have a fair shot of being
on the show, because I could actually pick callers that I didn't recognize were calling
in, and you'll rotate it a little bit.
I don't even get that now in Skype.
Now Skype likes to randomly drop calls and do all this stuff.
I just hate it.
But we're going to go to the phones anyway.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
We all hate it.
Hey.
What up?
This is X-Link calling from Melbourne, Florida.
Hey, X-Link.
How are you doing?
What's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, I'm doing great.
Wonderful knowing there are cops spending their time to say catching criminals playing
Wii bowling.
Was that in your neck of the woods that that happened?
No.
It didn't happen around me.
It happened in a different part of town, but it's great to know that these wonderful cops
who get sworn to duty have nothing better to do than raid a house and play Wii.
And the fix is more training.
Is the fix.
Yes.
Yes.
Not suspension, not getting fired, but more training.
Because clearly, they were not trained properly the first time.
Yes.
This is how you bowl a 300 game in Wii.
So the responsibility falls upon the trainers of the company to do the... Never mind.
Go ahead.
What's on your mind?
Excellent.
Anyways, I called because I want to call about a PSP game that recently came out, but before
I do that, Spazinator, quick tip.
I don't know why he couldn't have a copy hooked up his PS3 to the PC or through his PSP and
then copy it onto his PC, because every time when I get something new from the... Downloaded
from the place in the store, I always try to make a copy available on my hard drive
just in case if something would happen or crash, I would have that backup as a storage
to go into and re-put on like my game saves and stuff like that, so that way I don't have
to end up starting over and losing a lot of stuff.
Also in the game store, on the top right-hand corner, they have an area where it called
View Downloads.
It's right next to the checkout.
You hit it once, and it usually gives a download list of the last few things you have recently
downloaded from the store.
Now, I don't understand why he could go in there and re-download the stuff again.
I think that's what he said he did.
Yeah.
I think in the email, he talked about doing some of that, but for some reason, whenever
it happened, he was still locked out of it.
I think it had something to do with the flush of his hard drive he did.
It's like it reset his console ID or something, which seems very strange.
That's kind of a weird situation.
Yeah.
It's very weird.
That's why I'm kind of sitting here going, whereas I think Spaznator has some very valid
concerns.
I feel like there's a piece of the puzzle.
I need to hear Sony's policy on this because I feel like that piece is missing, and we
might be misrepresenting their policy a little bit, and I don't want to do that either.
I don't see why he could do it as long as he has his ID and everything.
I don't see whether there would be a problem with it.
I'm very curious to see how this further develops.
I think he'll do it.
I think he'll follow up on it and let us know.
I think he will.
Well, I had an interesting situation kind of earlier on.
I'm trying to make this quick too.
Sure.
I bought Mass Effect a while back for the PC, and unfortunately, I didn't have the CD
code, though I could have easily gone on a torrent and got a CD, no CD fix and stuff
like that.
I really wanted to have it legalized.
I actually went through the EA website, talked to somebody through the chat, which was absolutely
horrid.
The guy told me just to call the manufacturer and get a key from them, which I don't think
he understood that it wasn't a download.
So I ended up calling the long-distance phone number for the tech support, was put on hold
for 20 minutes, got through to a guy.
The guy was very nice, very civilized.
I explained to him very nicely my problem and explained to him about it, and we went
through all the steps.
He told me, he sent me an email, he said on the email, he goes, go to this page, he goes
with your response, and he goes, send up some photos of the booklet and show the fact that
you didn't get a CD key.
Did it, and the very next day, another person from the tech support sent me a CD key so
I can actually have a legit version of my game, which was very cool, instead of paying
like 10 or 20 bucks for a CD key for it.
I'm glad to hear this good customer service story.
You know, it's kind of too bad you had to be on hold for 20 minutes long-distance.
You know who else, though, has great customer service in my experience, Blizzard, because
you know my WoW account got hacked a couple months ago, and that was not a pleasant experience,
but once I finally got through to their freaking customer support, they were very helpful.
I just need to hire more of them.
Yeah.
But that's good that you had a good experience with EA, you know, sometimes amongst all these
crappy customer service stories, it's good to hear some good things, and plus, tough
times at EA right now.
I don't know if this affected their customer service division, but they had a huge workforce
layoff.
I think that happened in the week that we missed, and I know some people that were personally
affected by that, and it's, as always, layoffs are never any fun to talk about, so certainly
our thoughts go out to those that were affected.
I'm not at liberty to say specifically people I know that were affected by it, but some
names you might remember from the shows yesterday year, so it's very unfortunate, and we hope
for the best for our fans.
Definitely.
I know one or two from the Tiburon, but like you said too, I'm not going to mention any
names either.
Yeah.
Obviously, we want to respect their privacy and wish them the best of luck, because layoffs
are never any fun.
Most definitely.
I've been playing a game for the pinball.
It's the Pinball Heroes.
It's the $3.99 one that recently came out on the PlayStation Network.
It's a very good game.
It's $3.99.
Pinball.
I like it very much.
The only problem I had with it was the fact that for each of the tables, it's $3.99,
but it has a great scoring system.
It keeps a little achievement.
I think there's trophies you can get for it too if you hook it up to the PS3 through
their trophy system.
It keeps on scoring not only for local when you play the PlayStation, but also you can
go against other people from around the globe that has the game on the network.
It will upload your score and go against other people's score, which is very awesome.
The only problem I had with it was the multi-ball.
The screen would zoom outward, and the table would get much smaller.
When it's done, it will zoom back in, but if you're in multi-ball and you really have
a hard time seeing, I can see that being a part of a problem, seeing the little balls
and the guys that go around and hit stuff.
Other than that, I've been having a lot of fun with it.
For a four-hour game, it's not that bad.
Well, we appreciate the perspective and all that, so I'm going to go ahead and let you
go though so we can get some more calls.
No, no problem.
You had a hometown buffet of stories tonight, but I like it.
I like hearing all the different stuff, so some reviews and customer service goods and
bads all rolled into one.
I just thought it was ironic.
It was this whole customer service thing, and then I had the customer service this week,
so.
There you go.
All right.
Thank you, Gil.
Take care, and hey, have fun on World of War crack.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
Thank you for that crack.
Hey, you're welcome.
You're welcome.
I'm going to win myself out of it.
Good luck.
All right.
That was X-Link here on Orange Launch Radio.
We'll take a couple more calls.
I'm sorry, 1877 Game O-L-R. You think I know our own freaking phone number by now, but
apparently I don't.
Let's go to the phones and see what's on the line.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's Legend of Zaku right here.
Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind?
Oh, nothing much.
Just chilling in my new MacBook.
Actually, I wouldn't say new MacBook, but new refurbished MacBook.
Zaku, you're the type of guy that's into modern warfare, right?
Well, yeah.
And I mean, I would play it if they had dedicated servers on the PC, then I would have justification
to spend money on it.
Oh, so you're one of the protesters that is actually protesting.
Yes.
I mean, I have the money right now.
Even if I didn't have the money, I wanted to see how this would play out first, just
so I could see how this new matchmaking would work on the PC.
And lo and behold, it was just like the 360, it was like the console versions.
Well, props to you sticking to your guns and actually meaning it and actually sticking
to the cause.
Can you try to explain to me, though, I don't want to make you go against your protest,
but what is the allure of modern warfare 2?
Let's assume for a minute, make believe, none of this crap with the servers is going on.
Why is it so big that people line up to get it?
It's almost like the Halo effect.
Have you ever seen how the subsequent Halo releases, like Halo 2 and 3, and you see people
lining up for midnight launches, it's kind of that.
When you have a game that manages to develop a big following on the first type of game,
the first non-World War II game in the Call of Duty franchise, and yet that game managed
to get Halo numbers for its sequel, which it took a Bungie 3 just to get that amount,
whereas Infinity War just got it on the second try, because it was a surprise hit.
No one would have thought Modern Warfare would outdo the whole Call of Duty series.
That was completely unexpected.
I guess I'm understanding a little more, because I actually got Halo 3 the day it was released.
You know I'm not that great at first person shooters, especially Halo, but even I bought
into it a little bit.
I was a little excited about Halo 3.
I bought Halo 3 just for shits and giggles, because I had my 360 back then, but to be
honest, I never got into the campaign mode at all.
I was just trying to do multiplayer, because I don't play shooters on consoles.
I just play it with the keyboard and mouse, a bit old-fashioned.
Alright, but to summarize though, you still say though that folks shouldn't get Modern
Warfare 2, at least not on the PC, until they address what the fans want.
In other words, basically if they want a good single-player experience with the keyboard
and mouse, then by all means they should buy it, but you have to really stick to your guns
if you really want to wait out until if any war decides to come to their senses and release
something for the community that it apparently backstabbed when killing off the dedicated
servers.
You know buddy, I'm sure I don't even have to ask, but what about this rumor that they
might allow the dedicated servers later on for more money?
Well that depends on whether or not that actually comes to fruition, whether or not it's just
a rumor, so you'd rather take it with a grain of salt.
What I heard recently was that the hackers managed to outdo them already.
They already had dedicated server support and the console, the little console that you
hit whenever you press the tilde key on the keyboard, just like any other first-person
shooter.
Now you have the hackers managed, you know, someone managed to hack the game and add console
support, dedicated server as a proof of concept.
No surprise, none.
None.
In the hacker community, when they set out to do something, they fucking do it.
So I have to say I'm not surprised at all.
But basically, you know, it won't be that long before Vinny Ward gets steamed to add
that in the blacklist for their back, and then all the folks that run the hacked version
get banned.
Um, Zaku, I know you may not have called in.
I made you kind of talk about Modern Warfare 2.
I don't know if that's originally why you called in tonight, but before we let you go,
I wanted to let you get out whatever you wanted to actually call in and talk about tonight.
Oh, man, I'm trying to basically play DJ Hero for the first time last night, under the influence
of alcohol.
It was a little bit, you know, it's a little bit of a transition, since I'm more of a 2DX
kind of guy, but, you know, it's gonna take a while.
I mean, I don't see it as a game I would normally play on my own, just because it has, most
of the songs are of a genre that I don't listen to.
I mean, there are some good ones, you know, the stuff that with Tiesto and Paul Van Dyke,
for example, and even the, you know, Tears for Fears and Pajamas, like, you know, mixed
up.
But it's really not like 2DX at all, is it?
Of course, it is, of course, I kind of see it that way, because it's basically, in this
game you actually scratch and you actually move a crossfader, so I guess in a sense Activision
made it more realistic.
Yeah, it's different.
Alright, Zaku, we gotta let you go, buddy, but thanks so much for the call, as always,
and take care, okay?
Have a good one.
Later, you too.
1877 Game OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, if you'd like to get in, maybe we'll
take, like, one more call.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories for us?
Not really, but here's what I got.
They're gonna be doing possibly, well, there was a possible spinoff they're talking about
doing for Modern Warfare, starring, and I had to laugh because the character's name
is Ghost, so it'd be like a Modern Warfare ghost, kind of like Starcraft Ghost, but
not.
But not.
Anyways.
Hey, we got a phone call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Good evening, OU across the ocean, OU in the land of the free, or so we'll just say.
The state that falls into the ocean in 2012, that's where we are.
Oh, well, what the hell?
We're all dead.
Oh, hello there, OLR, this is that one, Aki Ripper.
But John Cusack survives, so the hell with the rest of us.
Aki Ripper, it's been forever since we've heard from you.
What is on your mind, buddy?
Ooh, what's on my mind?
Once again, I've given a reason, actually, to buy a Wii, since, well, I saw footage of
that new Super Mario Brothers, and, well, since I still actually haven't bought a Wii,
even though I actually have, like, four games, four, actually already have four games, so...
Wait, so you already have the games, but you just didn't have the Wii?
Yeah, exactly.
Wow.
That's kind of the backwards way of doing it, but okay.
It really was, like, I love that point of, like, there was, like, this plenty of games
that I'm really interested in, but I don't have the, I either choose to buy the console
and have no games, or buy the games or have no console.
That's why you're the crazy Swedish guy, that's no problem.
But oh well, I'm like the, it's, once again, it's quite fun in a way, since I'm the kind
of collector in a way, and...
That's cool, though, that's cool.
Let me ask you, though...
And having things on my shelf is like a bonus.
Let me ask you, though, about new Super Mario Brothers, because obviously the game just
came out over here today.
I was actually kind of surprised, I haven't touched the game myself yet outside of my
short experience with it at E3, and, you know, you don't judge a game based off an E3 build,
but I'm kind of surprised, because of course the gaming community did a little bit of backlash
with the game, with the whole easy button, you know, stuff that's going around, although
we've talked a little more about how that's actually integrated into the game, and it
kind of sounds like it might be interesting.
But the other thing, I was looking at some of the Metacritic scores for this, the game's
getting glowing reviews.
The game is probably going to end up on people's top ten lists when all is said and done at
the end of the year, many critical websites are giving it A-pluses.
The reason I'm basing, in a way, though, the video I saw was on Giant Bomb, and they were
playing four-player co-op, and that looked hilarious fun, really, so that had me stoked
for it.
When I actually have three of my friends come over to play video games, it'll be great.
But my only concern is is single-player mode fun, too?
Because sometimes I have to play video games by myself, in fact, that's most of the time.
Here's another thing, in a way, though, is that the following week, in a way, though,
if I get my Wii, I will still be busy, in a kind of way, with the new Sims 3 expansion.
I'm right there with you on that.
You are not alone in this studio with that.
And now, one question, though, do you have President Cat sitting on your shelf?
No, I don't, unfortunately, not yet.
And speaking of which, since we have a mod-friendly one around your block, so to say, and I was
wondering, is it, since I heard about the 360 bannings and such, well, I own a 360,
but I have no plans whatsoever on shipping that one, but I was thinking about getting
a shipped, getting a flashed or shipped Wii.
Is that like any, how does that work out, so to say?
Loki, do you recommend people do this to their Wiis, or is this a risk you don't want to
take, or what?
There's mods now that, seriously, it's, you open the Wii up, and you have to have a tri-wing
screwdriver to do that, but that's easy to get.
They have it now where you literally unplug the ribbon cable from the CD-ROM drive, plug
that ribbon cable into the mod board, plug the other ribbon cable that's from that mod
board to the back of the CD drive, put it all back together, and you're done.
Why the old Saturn ones?
Yeah, I mean, it's, some of them are that easy now.
But you're still avoiding your warranty, and you still have to open up your Wii, and you
might break the whole damn thing.
I mean, there is still that little chance.
It's very unlikely that you will break it up, especially when you're not soldering it.
I have to solder my chip in, and from a person who can't solder for shit, soldering hair-thin
wires on there, I'm surprised it works still.
But it does, and if I can do it, then anybody can do it.
So yeah, seriously, a new board, so they have some that literally will just plug in, and...
Was it worth it?
I mean, you have to step away from the I-did-it-because-I-can mentality for a little bit to, you know,
absolutely.
Absolutely.
Interesting.
Yeah, well, and once again, well, the clarification whatsoever, I'm not really interested in pirating
games.
Well, it's still, you can do it for like, you know, playing Regent Freestyle.
I couldn't play President Cap.
When you do such a thing, from my point of view, is to buy imports.
Yeah, like I said, I played President Cat on it.
I also, back in the day, I imported, you know, Smash Brothers before it came out.
Sorry, you had the Japanese Smash Brothers.
You had, uh...
Yeah, I remember that when you premiered that on, what was it, Uprade?
No, it wasn't Uprade, it was Justintv or something.
It was either our Ustream at the time, or no, I'm sorry, we've never been on Ustream.
We actually have a Ustream channel, we just never used it.
It's Justintv, or what was before that?
It was...
Op11.
Op11.
That's the one.
All Games was all up on that channel for a while.
We, you know, being the supportive affiliate we are, got in on that too for a little while,
but then I guess they just kind of disappeared.
I haven't heard anything about Op11 in forever, so.
I did hear something that came out, speaking of All Games, just like completely randomly
off the cusp.
I don't know how many of you guys follow Scott on Twitter, but I saw like a random tweet
this week that they've got some facility again in Southern California.
That's exciting.
I wonder, I don't know what plans that is for the network.
We usually find out about that stuff after it's already set in motion, but certainly
when I read that tweet, I was like, oh, that's pretty exciting for them, because I kind of
miss having that spot to, you know, just the best E3 I still think was the year that we
had the arena and that whole thing going on.
I don't know about you guys, that was my favorite E3, was just getting, I mean, it was also
the one where we probably worked the hardest and were the most tired afterwards, but just
getting to kind of all convene afterwards with the other podcasters, very much like
us in that really fun, almost frat house kind of place that I'm sure just lost somebody
a shitload of money, poor Ron, but God damn, it was fun while it lasted.
So anyway, sorry, got a little off the tangent there, but it was worth mentioning.
Well, what more, well, what more, um, well, it's been released like more than a few games
around and I'm still haven't, I have barely in a way though installed Dragon Age and played
it for like two minutes in a kind of way.
I don't know how it did make the show roll tonight, but I heard about the gay sex in
Dragon Age and the lesbian sex and all this stuff and I saw the sex with an animal or
something in that.
What, what, no, seriously, no, no, no, no, no, what, what, not follow up my big story
about gay sex in a video game that's not completely tacky with, Oh, by the way, you can also have
sex with an animal.
You sound like a prop eight supporter right now.
You sound like, sorry, go ahead.
Sorry.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm just, I don't have anything else.
Let me, let me finish up with AKA Ripper, then we'll talk about Dragon Age.
What were your thoughts before I brought sex into it?
What were your thoughts on Dragon Age?
Uh, it looks really nice and, uh, well, you don't need a super computer to actually run
it since, well, uh, I run it on mine and that one isn't, that one is all a bit, actually
a bit old, so, but well, but in a way also, uh, my other computer actually being in a
kind of, or my primary gaming rig blew up the other, the other, the other month, and
uh, well, I had to replace it and well, I'm up and running once again, so, oh well.
I have heard glowing reviews on Dragon Age though, a lot of people really into this game.
In fact, I've almost wanted to pick it up.
Once I get the time to play it, it will probably be good, but the, but for, for the, for, uh,
I was being stupid actually the other day, the other week also, since I actually bought
Borderlands 2.
So I have, so I now have plenty of games and in a way though, I'm not playing anything
kind of.
You sound like Loki.
That's me.
All right.
Okay, River, we got to let you go.
So we wrap up the show, but thank you so much for calling in as always and best of luck
with obtaining the Wii and, uh, getting, getting your gaming rig up and going again.
Okay.
Yeah.
Thank you.
All right.
Later, dude.
All right.
We're going to go ahead and shut off the Skype line.
Sorry to those that didn't get through tonight, but, um, of course you can always send us
an email if you didn't get through mailbag at orangelandtrader.com or of course we're
on Twitter as well, twitter.com slash O L R. Um, real quickly with last minute stories,
I don't know if you had anything else, Loki, but I just want to say about dragon age, I,
I did see the scene on YouTube and you know, I like, I like what they do, not just the
man on man, but the woman on woman.
I saw them both or whatever and I just liked it.
It's just kind of there and it's a little bit cheesy, but then again, sex and video
games is cheesy.
Well, I'm not positive about the animal.
I read that a long time ago when they're covering it and I'm like, what?
I haven't seen a YouTube on that.
I have like fable.
That sounds like some fable would do.
Yeah.
Anyhow.
No, I just, it was funny anyway.
Um, but in, in the end I'm not going to buy a game just because it has gay sex in it.
I want to buy like a good game.
So, um, it looks like it might actually be, I'm hearing really good things on it.
It's a good game that has gay sex.
It's win win.
All right.
Do you have any of the last minute stories for us?
No, not really.
Not anything I ever want to cover.
Um, I got a text message from a buddy of mine that I guess would qualify as the last minute
story who went and saw 2012 yet again, all these people going to see 2012.
I know I don't get it either, Jamie.
I don't get it either.
But um, Prince of Persia movie trailer from Disney looks fantastic, even better than 2012
itself.
Full theater cheered for it.
That's stupid.
No one cheers for 20 or for Prince of Persia.
I would cheer if they actually are making a decent video game related movie of which
I hear Prince of Persia just might be for it might be seen that, that just struck me
as interesting though, that, that the theater would cheer for a trailer.
You're right.
You don't hear about that a lot when it's not Harry Potter or um, you know, one of those.
So sure.
They weren't cheering for like the new moon trailer or something like that.
Maybe they were cheering.
Maybe it was Jake Gyllenhaal fans.
Maybe that's what it was.
You know, I don't write the news.
I just report it.
There you go.
All right.
Yeah.
And we have folks in chat that agree Prince of Persia does look awesome.
I I'm interested in the movie.
Of course.
I, I like Jake Gyllenhaal, but you know, I'm also interested in the movie.
It just looks like it might be pretty good.
So we'll see.
All right.
All right.
All right.
We're going to go around and get everybody's final thought, I guess.
Start to wrap things up.
I'm assuming Dar Sakura doesn't have any, uh, last minute stories, but I will give her
her chance to make the final thought blue and what a deep final thought that was.
Yeah.
Loki, your final thought tonight, um, shopping around, shopping around, what are you shopping
for?
Just looking at stuff, stuff, porn, porn, all right, and we'll have to 300 and nine
and one jam a card.
He's trying to find you a burger time, Rob.
No, it's all right.
And my final thought for the night is I do want a main cabinet.
I think.
I think, I think I want one.
So I can play this.
I want to play miss world, new 96 and my own convenience, whatever.
That would be the game I would play too.
You know it.
That's going to be the first game I fire up on that.
The 309 and one card has miss world, new 96 on there.
Amazing.
I'm surprised it's even included on there.
What is that?
Is that a, it's a, it's a card.
Is that a super gun?
No, no, no.
I was thinking about building a super gun out of it or building a bar top out of it.
It's basically a, um, Shamma card that has like four gigs worth of games on there.
Um, like including all the fighting games and all the beat them ups and stuff like that.
But for some reason they also have miss, miss nude world 96 on there and I'm not sure why,
but everybody move your body.
I'm just like, Oh, Rob would like that.
But yeah.
All right.
Anyhow, that's it.
That's going to do it for another week here at orange launch radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in and supporting our show.
Even when we are not always punctual with either the podcast or just being here because
we get sick or what have you, but we do appreciate the support of our fans.
I was actually checking out the listener accounts tonight.
We actually had a lot of people listening earlier on in the first hour, you know, before
people start to go to bed and so forth.
So, um, thank you guys so much for that and for your continued support of our show.
We really appreciate it.
We'll continue to be here for you guys and be free.
All we always ask is, um, just tell somebody you know about the show, help spread the word.
It's word of mouth.
That's what helps an independent podcast survive.
We don't have marketing dollars or, um, you know, advertisements in magazines or billboards
or any of that fun stuff or E3 booths.
So please, please continue to tell friends and spread the word about not only what we're
doing here on orange launch radio, but what the all games network is doing.
Because if you hate our show, you might like one of the other ones on the network might
be talking about the games that you're interested in hearing.
It's a win-win situation though.
I'm continuing to grow independent podcasting because we tell it like it is.
So we'll be back to do it all again next week, barring any outbreaks of, um, malaria or something
here in studio.
So, uh, we'll see you guys next week.
Until then, I'm Rob, she's Jamie, he's Loki, and we're out.
Probably right.
Anyway.
See you next week.
