Tonight, November 1, 2009, developers claim there is rampant piracy on the iPhone, a fourth
version of the DS is on the way, and could you really win free steak from playing a video
game?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that video game show dedicated of course to video games, video gaming, gaming culture
and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining me for the next few hours with my lovely co-host, Dark
Sakura Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you Jamie?
I'm the voiceless wonder.
Yes, for those not aware from last week, because the podcast is a little bit behind right now,
Dark Sakura is a little bit sickly with sinus infection, right?
I'm getting over sinus infection and also, what the hell?
I know, I hear video gaming noises coming out of the front row.
Oh, yeah, it's Dan's playing GTA, whatever, and I also sprained my ankle last night.
Dope.
It has not been a lucky day.
Well, I hope you had a good Halloween nonetheless.
Yeah, it was cookies.
Yay, cookies.
And now you're here.
So hopefully, remember, the last time you were feeling like shit was the night the President
Cat thing happened, huge.
So you never know.
It might be a good night.
Yeah, that was, oh, you were in a bad mood before that show started.
No, I was, I was, I had a bad headache.
Yeah, but see, President Cat made it all better.
Yeah.
All right.
Also joining us, say hello to the one and only, Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
Doing good.
Good to hear it.
How was your Halloween?
Yeah, I was going home and passed out candy to children coming to our door, mostly older
kids that really shouldn't be trick or treating.
I mean, like, people that look like they were 16 to 19, you know, it's like, dude, seriously?
And you tell them, take one, they take one handful.
It's like, where's this country coming to?
I'm making a sign to put up on the door next year, and I'll be happy to share it with everybody.
This is, if you're 12 and up, no costume, no candy, get the hell off my lawn.
Nice.
Well, it sounds like, it sounds like you actually got people at your door.
Like I know there's a lot of people, just based on what I was reading on Facebook and
live journals and so forth, didn't get a damn kid at their door.
You know, it's like less and less that kids go out trick or treating anymore.
And I guess it's a safety thing, and I don't know, like, I even know when I was growing
up that, you know, we would have to dump out all the candy on the floor.
And before we were allowed to eat it, we had to sift through it to make sure there were
no needles in it.
Of course, we just dumped all the candy on the floor, but nevermind.
I think that I want to make chocolate molds that look like razor blades.
You're sick.
But funny.
I know.
I am very...
Because, really, who puts razor blades in chocolate anyway?
I'm very sad that I didn't get to go to the Silent Hill Haunted House, which I know we
were talking about at length on the show previously.
You probably wouldn't be sad if you actually went to...
Well, I mean, I'm just saying that the Haunted House is probably crap.
Well, I got a phone call from my good pal Melody, who, you know, Mel and Mel, we've
talked about before on the show, and Mel used to come on the show in the old days.
They went to the Haunted House, and I got a call from Melody that was like, okay, if
this thing is back...
I would play the voicemail on air if I could, if I could figure out how to wire up my iPhone,
but she wouldn't care.
But she basically said, okay, Rob, if this thing comes back next year, I will pay for
you to go and go through this Haunted House just to see your reaction.
Because if Mel almost crapped himself, I can't wait to see what your reaction is.
I'm kind of abridging what she said there, but that's essentially what she said.
So apparently, it was pretty scary.
So and...
YouTube.
I bet there are clips on YouTube.
You should check that out, Dark Soccer, see if you can find some clips of the Haunted
House on YouTube.
And maybe if the YouTube makes me scream like a little girl, I can only imagine what the
real Haunted House would do.
So...
Anyhow, we also are always joined by our chat room, chat.orangelaundrator.com.
If you're listening live for the first time or what have you, please join our chat room.
And we have a comment from Tiger Claw.
I was a kid.
I used to be into Halloween, but as I got older, I started questioning the legitimacy
of the holiday.
And I try...
You know, personally, I try not to look into Halloween too much as to like, I realize it
has various meanings for various people and whatever you believe in, but I'm just like,
it's just kind of a...
Well, A, it's a great day to people watch.
Like, I can think of no better day to people watch than Halloween.
But you know, it's just a day to be silly and have fun.
You know, wear a costume, have fun.
What are they letting these like pre-teens dress up in is what I want to know.
It's like, whoa, hey, what, did you decide to go with slut?
I mean, it's just...
It's ridiculous.
Well, also, I don't know.
I don't know how you'll feel about this comment, but I kind of think like it's a way that you
can actually do cosplay like legitimately out in the street and not get called a fag.
Like that's kind of what Halloween is, right?
My last year of living in Alabama when I worked in the mall, my outfit was Sailor Venus.
Awesome.
Last night I went to the Rocky Horror Picture Show because of course that is like the holy
holiday for Rocky Horror.
I wore a Snuggie as my costume and it was actually very well received.
So that's all I wore, was a Snuggie.
I wore a Snuggie and no pants and I got cheers from ladies in the front couple rows.
It was great.
Awesome.
Yeah, I had a good time.
Anyhow.
Oh, did you find some YouTubes?
That's also probably one of the only times you can wear a Snuggie without being called
a fag as well.
This is true.
In fact, the day I bought the Snuggie, I actually like came home from Target and I actually
showed my roommate.
And by the way, of course, both my roommate and I are gay, but I happened to show the
Snuggie to my roommate and I'm like, look, look what I got, look what I got.
He's like, you fag.
No, he didn't really say that, but that was like his reaction pretty much.
So anyhow, also we do have some of the clips of the haunted house on YouTube it looks like.
So you find the good stuff.
I can't, I can't sit here and watch the whole thing and try to do the radio show.
You should find the camera's too shaky.
See if there's a motion sick, see if there's a scary pyramid head or something.
If you manage to make it that far in.
All right.
Anyhow, let's go ahead and move on with How Was Your Gaming Week?
We always like to start off the show with a little bit of How Was Your Gaming Week?
And Dark Sakura, I know you're trying to watch the movie there, but real quickly, did you
play anything this week you want to share?
I played Loom and then I remembered how long it was and I stopped playing and I downloaded
Team Fortress 2 for three bucks.
I guess a lot of people got in on that sale.
Too bad I was out of town.
I was mad.
And I actually didn't play any Sims and I watched Dan play some of the Palette of Gay
Tony.
It was interesting.
I still have an unopened copy of Grand Theft Auto IV sitting at home.
How depressing is that?
You dork.
I know.
Only one of the best games to come out in the past couple years and I just kind of like,
eh, I'm too busy playing WoW.
Oh, oh, oh.
Yes?
Um, I actually played some Rock Band last night.
Good times.
I miss Rock Band.
It's the one thing I miss from my 360 getting broken, which I will get fixed by the end
of the year.
Promise.
Because I can't have a New Year's party and not have Rock Band.
So.
Uh, Loki.
I can bring over my Rock Band.
No, don't encourage me because then I'll be like, oh, I don't need to pay, I don't need
to get mine fixed.
Loki will bring Rock Band.
He's an enabler.
All right, yes, you're an enabler.
Well, Loki, the enabler.
How was your gaming week?
Speaking of which, I was actually, um, well, it looks neat.
I mean, cause it's more than just like a little haunted house, it's actually like a haunted
set or something.
Oh, they're getting scared.
I heard the guy say, oh shit, he must be scared.
That was like a giant dong on the screen right now.
What is that?
Oh, it's, I think it's a fan.
This is terrible radio where we're commenting on a YouTube.
I think he fell.
Oh, whatever.
Yeah, this is crap.
If, if Jamie finds Pyramid Head, then get our attention.
Otherwise, Loki, how was your gaming week?
All right, so I picked up Lego Rock Band for the intent to, of course, import it into Rock
Band 2.
The track list is pretty cool on it.
I like a lot of stuff that's in there, so it's gonna be fun to actually be able to put
it all into Rock Band 2.
And then the game itself, of course, you know, is pretty much just Rock Band 2 with, you
know, Lego stuff running around and the story modes kind of need to have little cut scenes
and stuff that you expect from like another Lego Telltale game.
I don't know, it's just pretty much what you expect.
But the track list is awesome, so I'd say pick it up for that reason only.
Then, of course, you know, because this week we had the Ballad of the Gay Tony come out,
of course I picked up Episodes of Delivery City.
And the game's pretty sweet.
I like a lot of the stuff they added in there that's really over the top.
The new weapons are pretty nice.
But Rockstar has this thing that they like to do where they take something that was working
absolutely perfectly and then they go and fuck it up.
They did this with, you know, Lost and Dan where they took out the helicopters in free
mode.
Well, they decided, hey, you know what, multiplayer's kind of fun, let's go ahead and fuck with
that some more.
So what did they do?
They went ahead and they took all the multiplayer maps, which used to be pretty wide open.
I mean, you'd get to pick different parts of the island, you can drive around, I mean,
it's really overworld.
It's kind of what, you know, Grand Theft Auto's known for.
And then they decided, you know what, instead of being able to do all that and having it
where you can spawn, you know, say, in certain portions of the islands or just, you know,
big open areas, we're just going to find you down to really small little kind of sections
of the map that weapons will spawn now.
So they really shrunk down all the kind of arenas that you would normally have your death
matches in.
Which, it's great if they wanted to add that in if you were looking for, you know, some
tighter places to play at.
But give the option to the buyer, to the consumer, instead of just replacing all the perfectly
good spots with these really small areas.
Now we've gotten, like, one area that we're kind of used to now that's at the bottom of
the map and, like, construction area, but it still pisses me off, though, because that
was one of the things we were really looking forward to is driving around, you know, in
the new APC, you know, possibly using new helicopters in Deathmatch, you know, parachutes,
all that fun stuff.
But you can't because you're stuck in these really small little confined areas instead.
And that's really the only downside I see to the whole Lost in Dam- or not Lost in Dam,
the Ballad of Gay Tony, is that they really fucked up, you know, Deathmatch for that stuff.
But hey, if you like more confined area and you don't really want to use vehicles because
you sure as hell can't in these sections of the map, it'd be really hard to get a vehicle
in there, then that's going to be something that you'll look forward to.
But you know, personally for me, I like more of the open world stuff, I like driving around,
shooting people from cars, and that kind of stuff, but you can't really do that with this
new expansion.
So if you are looking for better multiplayer experience, go Lost in Dam, they're the original
game.
Other than that though, it's pretty sweet, all the new weapons are awesome, they even
add some new cheat codes in there that, you know, explosive sniper rounds and also a super
punch which kind of, you know, goes back to the older Grand Theft Auto game.
Falcon Punch?
Something like that.
But it's great with the super punch that you can kick people in the nuts and they kind
of fly into the air, so that's pretty sweet.
And then yes, people have already started modding the game and stuff, and hopefully
if I know, or if I figure it out, I will fix multiplayer so that I can actually, you know,
spawn where I want to and whatnot.
But it's a lot of work, and right now we're just kind of making do.
But seriously, why do they have to go and fuck that shit over?
They always do this.
They don't fix the stuff that needs to be fixed, and then they fix stuff that doesn't
need to be fixed.
So that's it, that's, oh and DJ Hero, I played a little DJ Hero this week.
Now, Tigerclaw points out in chat, the Ballad of Gay Tony does have a sex scene though,
lol.
Is that, and that's from chat.orangetonstrator.com if you're just joining us tonight.
Join us in our chat room.
Is there controversial something something going on in the new expansion, or are we just
all desensitized to it now?
No, I think, I don't think it's anything new.
I mean, it's a way I think he's talking about, there's, you can, if you dance well enough
I guess in the bar or whatever, if you pick up people, you can go and have sex with them
in the bathroom.
It doesn't show anything.
Just like real life, amazing.
Just like real life, yes.
Only if you're a politician.
It doesn't really show anything.
It's just as censored as, say, the original game.
It's not going to show any sort of nudity at all, but it's just something funny.
And the dance minigame is actually kind of fun.
You can do the bus stop or something like that in there, which is interesting.
That kind of sounds like the SingStar Club in PS3 Home, only without the sex, but I think
if they brought the sex to Sony Home, a lot more people would be playing it.
Just saying.
Anything else for your gaming week, Loki?
Just downloading lots of ROMs for my main cabinet.
Yeah, I don't know if you should be happily proud of that here on the show.
No, I'm just kidding.
They're all like 30 years old.
How the hell am I supposed to get ROMs onto my main cabinet then?
I don't know.
All right.
I'm not going to go buy them.
I mean, come on.
Although you were trying to tell me to buy a cabinet earlier this week.
Yeah.
It's burger time.
Yeah, I know.
It's a burger time cabinet, but I don't like it when there's no price on it.
It makes it very...
I guess I could always go check it out.
Well, you just ask them to see how much you want for it, or you offer them like, okay,
I'll give you two hundred for it, and they can just say...
And they laugh at my face.
Well, then whatever.
It's the internet.
They're not really going to laugh at your face.
It's just the internet.
I'll use a fake email.
My gaming week, pretty much, I was out of town most of the weekend, so I didn't get
a lot of time to play a whole lot of new stuff, although my Paladin did hit level 60 in World
of Warcraft.
Thank you very much.
This is the character I rolled the first week of September.
So I got to 60 in two months, so thank you to the Quest Helper add-on, which really made
me blaze through the quest very quickly, and so forth.
One new game I did play this week, though, outside of World of Warcraft, DJ Hero.
I finally got my hands on this game.
Obviously, Loki's brought it to the show the past couple of times.
You've gotten to hear the game through his experience.
I did not put my hands on this game, really, until this week when I bought the game.
I chose to pick up the PlayStation 3 version of the game.
So I bought the game, and I love it.
The number one thing I can say about it is that it truly feels refreshing.
I think the problem I'm starting to have with a lot of these rock band and guitar hero and
the knock-offs, like Rock Revolution and so forth, is that the whole guitar drum thing
is starting to feel a little stale.
Granted, there are some bright lights within that whole genre.
For instance, the Beatles rock band was something truly special to that particular genre, I
guess if you want to just call the Beatles a genre, which they kind of are.
And some of these other little highlights.
But I think DJ Hero really feels refreshing.
And a big part of what makes DJ Hero feel refreshing is the song list.
I mean, really, to take the idea of mash-ups and making a game out of it is really cool.
Because every time I play a song, I feel like, wow, this really isn't something I've heard
before.
And that's a feeling I haven't had since the days I was really hardcore into the Japanese
music games, like Beatmania 2DX.
Speaking of Beatmania, this game has zero in common with Beatmania.
So if anyone is telling you that DJ Hero is a rip-off of Beatmania, you look them in the
eye and you tell them, you're a fucking fool, or a sheep or something.
Because really, if you actually play DJ Hero, the games play nothing like Beatmania.
The games both have falling notes.
But it's like comparing apples to oranges.
Sure, they're both fruit.
But you know what?
They're completely different tastes.
And for that reason, there's going to be some people that don't care for DJ Hero who might
be really into Beatmania 2DX and vice versa.
And if you're into 2DX, then that's when you go and buy Scratch, or whenever the hell that
comes out.
Well, even then, though, that's a completely different genre of music.
And as we were kind of talking about a little bit with Bobby on the tease call tonight,
because Bobby is right before us here on the lovely All Games Radio, where we do our show
every week, he was kind of talking about, you know, I'm not so interested in DJ Hero
because I didn't really care for the song list.
There's not a lot of...
I'm not really feeling the mashup thing.
You know what?
The song list is a really important part of a music game.
If you're not going to...
Like, for instance, I don't think I would ever be interested in buying Karaoke Revolution
Country unless the song list was suddenly all Dolly Parton songs, okay?
It's just not a genre of music that I'm particularly interested in, you know, spending that kind
of money.
You know, obviously, the music taste is the number one thing.
So for that reason, although I think Scratch and Beatmania are going to play a lot more
closely similar than Beatmania and DJ Hero do, I don't think they're going to attract
the same audience at all.
The funny thing is, I think Scratch is going to benefit a lot from DJ Hero because there
is quite a bit of hip-hop influence in DJ Hero.
But you know what?
I'm not a huge fan of a lot of artists in DJ Hero.
I don't really care for Jay-Z.
I can't stand Eminem.
I think he's the biggest, like, overexposed artist I can think of in the past, like, 50
years.
Cool.
I just...
I don't like him.
I don't like his personality.
I don't like his songs.
I hate him.
But I don't mind him so much in this game because the way they've kind of constructed
the songs together are actually kind of cool.
Yeah, some of them are not bad.
Like, that whole My Name Is and Loser thing together was actually kind of funny, like,
and I dug it.
And it didn't really feel like an Eminem song to me.
It felt like this whole new, different song I never really heard before.
And I'll tell you, some of those mashups are just genius.
Like, the whole, like, the Jacksons and Semi-Charm Life by Third Eye Blind, I frickin' love that
song.
And I gotta say, I know Jamie's gonna talk about the download packs later in the show,
but one of the download pack songs that involves a Queen song is, like, my favorite song in
the game right now.
And it gets stuck in my head during the day, like, the little back and forth.
So, you know, I haven't had songs from a music game really stuck in my head in a very long
time.
And I was really surprised at all the stuff you do in it.
You have the three buttons.
You have the scratching.
You have certain direction scratching.
You have cross-fading.
You have the euphoria button.
You have the sampling that you change with the little knob.
You use the knob to change the effects and increase your multiplier.
Like, it's kind of a lot to handle.
Of course, granted, I jumped right in and started playing in hard mode after, you know,
acing the tutorial, but dammit, I'm having fun.
Now, is the game perfect?
No.
The core game itself is a heck of a lot of fun.
But the shell around that core game is, like, not even there.
Like the icing on the cake, not there.
This is like an angel food cake.
It's good.
It's yummy.
But it's not, it doesn't have, like, that frosting that makes it extra awesome.
And what I mean is, there's really no, like, you know, Rock Band's kind of cool and even
Guitar Hero is really cool because it talks about, like, hey, we're going to turn it up
to 11, or like in the later Guitar Hero games, there was kind of like a little story that
all the stages were set around.
And although it was a little doofy and silly, it still kind of gave, like, a point to the
game, something to tie everything together.
DJ Hero doesn't really have that.
It's just turn it on, play the tutorial, and play.
And the game never really walks you through the menus.
You don't really know, like, am I supposed to play these custom set lists, or can I just
do my own thing?
And I can't really do my own thing anyway.
I have to set it up as a set list if I want to play just one song.
It's a little weird.
It doesn't ruin the game by any means.
It's just a little odd.
The interface is strange.
I don't like that the leaderboards are in, like, the menu.
I have to be honest, I feel like the game was rushed in that regard.
Like, they probably took a long time building the shell of the game, you know, the main
game itself, and the song list, and making that all perfect, and they did a kickass job.
But the rest of it feels just kind of, like, tacked on, like everything that kind of streams
it all together.
So, for that reason, I can't say it's a perfect game.
Oh, and online is just kind of there.
You know, there's really nothing to it.
You and somebody else play the song at the same time, whichever one of you gets the high
score wins.
Whoopee!
You know, there's no real, like, special modifiers, or you can't even use rewind in online mode,
which makes sense.
There's a lot of stuff that just kind of could be there that's not.
But is this a real kickass first entry in a future franchise?
Yes, yes, yes.
It's a great first game.
You know, the first Guitar Hero game was kind of like that, too, where there wasn't really
a lot of glue holding it together.
I think there was more there in that first Guitar Hero game than there is in DJ Hero.
But bottom line, it's really nice to play a game that's refreshing.
And that's how I feel about DJ Hero.
It's a really refreshing, new kind of music game.
Tigerclaw says, so there's no battle of the DJs mode?
Not really.
I guess that's what you call online mode, but it's you and a friend, or an enemy I guess
you say, frenemy, play the song at the same time, and whoever gets the higher score wins.
I did go online and try a match and play the song and whoop some guy, thank you very much.
In fact, it's kind of funny.
I guess most people are picking this up on 360 or just not playing it online on PS3,
or I really am better than I give myself credit for, because I'm in like the top 100 on a
bunch of songs right now.
Of course the game just came out last week, I'm sure that won't last, but I got a kick
out of it, a couple chuckles for a little while.
I'm trying to look at some more chat comments, chat.orangelaunchmedia.com.
Vanice Luxe, I'm not sure if I'm pronouncing that correct, says, I'll get DJ Hero when
they're clearancing it to make room for DJ Hero 2.
And he or she brings up a good point that DJ Hero is a big investment, it's a $120 investment.
So, you know, try this out at the store, try this out at a friend's house, don't drop $120
on a game just because I said to, check it out first, because the game's not for everyone.
You know, the scratching and all that stuff kind of puts some people off.
I have a lot of fun with it, I think Loki feels very similar to how I reviewed the game,
I don't know if Jamie's really played it or how she feels, I know she likes the songs
at least, from what she said on a previous show, but, you know, again, it's $120 is a
big investment, until, of course, it starts hitting the bargain basement bin, which it
will, but, not, yeah, I mean, as the chatter said there, not for about a year.
So.
Let's see, anything else I might have missed about DJ Hero, Loki?
I know you reviewed a couple weeks ago.
No, I think that's about it.
Tigercolonchat says, I can totally see download content of a different genre of dance music
for DJ Hero, imagine if they released a trance pack.
You know what's funny, one of the stages is a very rave-y kind of stage, so I was kind
of surprised that the song list felt a little more hip-hop influenced, but it wouldn't,
there, there's a huge variety of types of songs in the song list.
I like the, um, Yo-Yo Girl.
I mean, there's tons and tons of different types of songs, and the mashups is a whole
new genre altogether.
You know, you have everything from Queen, to Gwen Stefani, to Third Eye Blind, to Jay-Z,
to Paula Abdul, but the interesting thing about it is that they do use a lot of songs
a lot, and that is one place the song list could improve, is that did I really need four
different mixes of Hollaback Girl, but when you have like 93 songs to choose from, it's,
you know, it doesn't really bother me at all.
And the first two download songs, you do get them free if you have the Gamestop code, and
they're both great.
So, but we'll talk more about that later in the show.
Anyhow, let's go ahead and get into some housekeeping now that we're all done with our gaming week.
Real quickly, I'm actually going to start kind of with a gaming story.
This was passed along to me from one of our chatters, AlphaKananagram, and it's running
on a story called ConsoleWars.de, so this is even coming out of another country, but
I had to say this because the article is called, We's Worst Game Ever Sells 100 Copies.
The Wii's curious lack of quality software is being highlighted by the release of the
worst selling Wii title ever, Sukiban Satchourena Wii, a game centered on the managerial leadership
of a talking female cat, Rina.
It's been a week since its release, and it sold a total of 100 copies, then they linked
to a couple of YouTubes.
Sadly, with all this publicity, including a TV feature and a thread being featured on
Itai News, there is now a danger of people actually buying the game out of morbid curiosity,
creating a perverse incentive for developers of other spectacularly poor titles.
Fuck you.
Even Nintendo's CEO himself admits the console is having trouble securing a compelling lineup,
and with such dismal titles as this and certain previous debuggles, some might wonder if perhaps
some kind of quality seal system might be useful.
Now obviously this is coming from a, I can't believe I'm going to say this because I got
so mad about this before, but this news is coming from a no-name site that doesn't even
cite what source they're using.
You know what's funny?
I bet it's 100 copies imported to the US.
It's probably more like it.
Yeah, 1% of their sales.
I would hardly believe that the game has sold only 100 copies in Japan when their Twitter
has 200 some odd followers alone.
I mean, really?
Like give me a source of some sort, please.
I think they also published something that says it has sold more.
Yeah, so I don't know how I feel about that, but that was linked by a chatter, and if in
case any of you other folks out there on the internet happen to read no-name sites from
foreign countries such as that one, you can address those cards and letters to mailbagorangeorangereader.com.
I just wanted to let you know, please source or GTFO.
So there you go.
And Loki, you're going on to VG charts right now to see if you can prove that wrong, right?
Of course.
Of course you are.
I don't know if they'll actually have, you know, it just came out.
I can't imagine they would have the sales figures already.
Well, they're pretty quick.
Of course, this is loading very slowly, and I don't even know if this is on here.
I don't know.
Part of me wants to tweet the developers and say there's a dirty rumor that the game only
sold 100 copies.
Please deny.
Okay, well, let me put it this way.
It would definitely sell more than 100 copies here in the US.
Easy, easy, easy.
I know.
I know.
It's just, I don't know.
There's part of me that's just kind of like, somebody just wants to, just wants to kick
President Cat while they're down.
This site is like the Glenn Best of gaming.
I'll ask them on Twitter.
What?
I'll ask them on Twitter.
Yeah, ask them on Twitter.
All right.
I know.
I agree with Gamer Girl in chat.
How can you not like Pres Cat?
Game Guru says, quality seal, dude, the Nintendo seal of quality only stated that the game
worked on the system.
True enough.
Game Guru says, if Superman 64 could get the Nintendo seal of quality, any game could.
And dude, just from looking at the YouTubes on the internet, granted, I haven't played
the game, but going on Loki's Word and the YouTubes I've seen on the internet of the
game, there are far worse games on the Nintendo Wii than this.
They don't have any sort of anything.
There's no sales figures yet.
And Brad from Pod Culture in our chat room, chat.orangeonstrader.com says, it was former
President Dog spreading the rumors.
I bet.
I'm President Dog.
Prime Minister Dog.
All right.
Let's move on.
Let's move on, actually get to some real gaming stories.
I will say really quickly, of course, if you're not following us on Twitter, you're mean and
you're a douche.
No, I'm just kidding.
I understand.
You can also follow us on Facebook.
We have a club there, the OL Army and all that fun stuff.
Awesome.
Yes, DarkSakura.
I just finished the most amazing French toast.
Congratulations.
Where was your French toast from?
It was from Sam's Kosher Style Deli.
Will it give you a magic voice back?
Will it give you your voice back?
Well, the only reason I have some voice right now is I just drank some Diet Pepsi because
remember I officially condone Diet Pepsi and think Diet Coke tastes like poop.
Would you like one?
Actually, I would love that.
I'm a little hot in here.
I know you're trying to keep the temperature hot because you're diseased, but...
My disease.
Thank you.
No.
Your affliction.
No.
As I was telling you earlier, the reason why I've been keeping it warm and actually I wear
a scarf to work is because whenever it gets cold, my voice goes even more and I start
coughing.
The warm is keeping the mucus flowing.
Well, certainly a lot of our listeners in chat are noticing the coughing and sending
well wishes your way tonight.
Also, for the record though, it makes it a lot easier for me to do this.
Oh, stop it.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on with some gaming news.
Loki, start us off if you would tonight.
Netflix has announced that they're going to be offering a solution to stream their service
to the PS3.
Of course, it's not going to be some sort of integrated solution like it is on the Xbox
360, but for the meantime, it's going to be via a disc that you can actually order from
Netflix and basically using this disc, it'll launch a program that'll allow you to stream
content much like you would through the Xbox Live Marketplace.
They said that they are working on a new integrated version of it, however, for whatever reason,
the solution's not expected to arrive until late 2010, whether that may be because they're
under contract with, say, the Xbox 360, Microsoft and whatnot, probably has something to do
with that.
That's kind of neat though that they're finally allowing people to do that.
I know it's something that they've been remembering for a while now with a lot of the surveys,
stuff like that.
It's possible to come into the Wii at some point.
It's neat.
Would you use this now since your 360's out of commission?
Definitely.
I was kind of excited to hear this news.
My 360 will be replaced slash fixed by the time this thing comes out, but I'm going to
be honest.
I've just been super lazy in getting my 360 fixed.
My gaming need has been satiated by World of Warcraft and the stuff I've been playing
on my PS3, so I haven't felt that urgency to get my 360 fixed.
This certainly doesn't get me in any rush, but what I find fascinating about this is
that just last week on the show, I was talking about... In fact, I think this news broke
while we were live last week.
We just didn't catch it, but I was just talking about, like, hey, if Microsoft wants to compete
with Sony, because what's Sony's big thing right now?
It does everything.
To be fair, that is kind of what I always admired about the PSP, and to some extent,
the PS3.
It does a lot of stuff very well, but Microsoft's got a pretty awesome online system, which
includes streaming movies and streaming Netflix, and streaming Netflix could kind of compete
with Blu-ray in a way.
Oops.
Now the PS3 has Netflix too.
Yeah, but you have to order it, and mainly they were saying, like I said before, one
of the reasons behind maybe being limited to only a Blu-ray disc is a way to get around
a clause that they had for their contract with Microsoft, saying that basically this
cannot appear on another system's dashboard for a certain amount of time or something
like that.
So it's not appearing on a dashboard.
It's actually a program now that someone else is running.
So it's kind of a loophole, if you will.
I don't know.
What do you think this means for the whole console wars?
Do you think this is going to cause the PS3 to gain any ground, or is it just...
No, I don't think it means anything.
Just kind of incentive for folks who have a PS3 to not get a 360.
It's just it's good for Netflix.
That's basically it, because I think it's not going to sell any systems.
I don't really think it's a really big point.
It'd be hard for them to kind of advertise it, I guess, as a feature of the system, seeing
as you have to order it, that'd be like, this system plays Uncharted 2 or something like
that.
I can't really advertise that, but I don't know.
It's neat, but it'd be interesting to see how it works, if it works as well as it does
on the 360, being that it's not actually something that's integrated into the dashboard.
It's just a Blu-ray disc.
So it'll be interesting.
Well, the Microsoft interface is very bare bones, so I'm wondering if it won't be a little
more... I can't imagine the look is going to be the same, because on Netflix 360, the
look of Netflix is very similar to the dashboard look.
So I can't imagine it's going to be a similar looking interface at all, so I'm kind of curious
if it's going to be maybe better.
I don't know.
Maybe.
It could be worse, too.
It could go either way.
It could be interesting if it uses a crossbar style interface, where all your genres maybe
are in the crossbar.
It'll probably be their video marketplace, or even just the normal marketplace where
you've got rows of stuff on there.
I don't know.
Good question from Derek H in chat, who hosts another show here on the network, Dead Pixel
Live, on weekdays.
If it uses BD Live, like they say it does, doesn't that mean it'll work on any Blu-ray
player that is BD Live capable?
Well, Netflix just wants to be wherever the hell they can be.
I wouldn't be surprised at all if they're trying to do this smart Blu-ray Live thing,
and the Wii sometime as well.
This isn't about the console getting stuff that they want.
This is about Netflix getting what they want.
So I don't know about this particular update.
I would imagine, though, if it is based on BD Live, though, that I would just have a
hard time believing that a normal Blu-ray player, because they don't really have strong
processors in them.
I'm sure they have some sort of hardware for decoding the video and whatnot, but it would
be difficult, I would think, to stream...
Well, it's not going to be high-def stuff, but it's still streaming video and having
it look good, it does require some processing power.
I don't think your average Blu-ray player that's BD Live capable would be capable of
that.
I could be wrong, but I would think it takes a lot less to run a Java app than it does
streaming video.
Ionotropic in our chat room wants to remind us, too, the disk-based Netflix for PS3 is
supposed to be a temporary solution.
They said the disk won't always be required, and you were talking about the contractual
stuff maybe until 2010, so it makes sense.
But I mean, hey, added value to the PS3 is added value to the PS3.
Any way you slice it, Netflix on the PS3 is added value, and it's a win for Netflix, and
it's a small win for Sony.
But also, Bochikawa wants to comment in chat room, isn't it a little late to put this into
the console wars concept?
Most everyone that will ever get this gen's systems already have one.
I'm not so inclined to agree.
I don't think Blu-rays really penetrated the marketplace the way DVD players have.
I think for a lot of the tech heads, what you're saying might be right, but remember,
we still have the soccer moms of America to conquer, which Wii is kicking butt at right
now.
The problem is, the recent generations with moving from VHS to DVD, that was a huge step
now.
DVD to Blu-ray was relatively quick, and people are kind of hesitant like, well, if I convert
my entire catalog of titles I own to Blu-ray, how soon is the next thing going to be that
comes along?
I don't want to do that.
I'm just going to wait for the next thing to come along and save some money that way
because it's not really that big a difference, or hey, they don't own an HDTV, in which case
there is no difference.
I don't know.
It's just not as necessary as moving from VHS to DVD.
Fifth Dream in the chat, I plan to get a PS3 someday, but I don't have any current gen
stuff.
Certainly there's a lot of gaming fans out there.
If Fifth Dream is listening to this show, obviously they're a fan of gaming.
They don't own a current gen system yet.
Let's not forget, current gen systems are still $200 at the cheapest.
Whereas that might not sound like a lot of money to some folks for a college kid trying
to pay for books and work at a part-time job, $200 is still an assload of money.
That's like ramen for a year.
Not everybody's jumped on board with this yet.
It's not until these systems will get down more like $99 where the PS2 was at.
The PS2 got down to $99 finally, right?
Yeah, that was back in March.
There you go.
All right, we're going to get into the next story here, but first I'm actually going to
take a little detour from the show role we had.
I'm taking Jamie and Matt by surprise here because we were talking about something in
the opening of the show, and thanks to the lovely magic of text messaging, I'm getting
someone on the show right now to talk about something we were talking about just a minute
ago.
So I'm firing up our Skype line right now.
Hello.
Hey, is this Mel B?
The one and only.
How are you doing, Mel?
Long time, no talks since we've had you on the show.
Oh gosh, yeah.
It's been quite a while since we've actually... I mean, I've been in the chat a few times
here and there, but yeah, actually being a caller in, it's... Oh yeah, it's been a good
while.
You know, it's up to you.
Hey, it's Dr. Sakura and Loki.
Well, we're always happy to have you here on the show, and of course, just for folks
who are just now listening for the first time, Mel B goes kind of way back on this show because
he used to be very big in the freestyle scene with Dance Dance Revolution, so when our show
was kind of exclusively about that whole scene, obviously Mel was a friend of the show through
that, and we've kept touch over the years, and Mel's a good friend of mine, and Jamie
and Matt's as well, so we've kept in touch.
Now, I got to tell you what's going on tonight, Mel.
We were talking earlier in the show about the Silent Hill Haunted House because I don't
even remember how it came up at this point, but I think I was talking about how... Well,
eventually I mentioned that I got a voicemail from Melody, your wife, a couple days ago,
and she had said something to the effect of, if this thing happens next year, you have
got to come down here.
I will even pay for your ticket to go.
It was that good, so I was like, okay... Because we were talking about the Silent Hill Haunted
House on the show.
I'm like, I got to call them and hear about what this was all about, so Mel, I know you're
a fan of Silent Hill.
Tell us about the Haunted House and what it was like.
Walk us through it a little bit.
Oh, wow.
I must say, yeah, Silent Hill, I remember when I first was just kind of looking around
at stuff, I think it was posted on a live journal community about how they were doing
a maze over in prayer, which is about 15 minutes north of Anaheim.
And they were doing essentially the equivalent to a human maze, or that was based on Silent
Hill.
And I'm thinking, you know, that would be pretty cool because, you know, I've been into
the game of Warthog and stuff and all that.
Well, like, yeah, sure, you know, let's check it out, why not?
So we got to do it on a Halloween night, but that was just last night.
And so where it was, how they set it up, it looked like, essentially, the maze was created
inside what would have been a banded movie theater or something like that, because there's
actually a second maze that was next to it called Fear, which was, you know, also a human
maze, but different elements, obviously not, you know, geared towards Silent Hill and have
all those types of things.
You're more scared of scary stuff.
Yeah.
And you get in for, you know, like, say, take a picture, just sort of like for those souvenir-type
things.
Like, right when you're about to say cheese, they blow, like, this huge dust of hair right
behind you, like, to get your shocked reaction, obviously.
So you can tell these people are about to get you pre-fertile pretty bad.
And once you're going in, once you're actually under the maze, it's like indoors, it's really
not dimly lit with, like, a lot of crimson lighting and, like, just real darkened stuff.
And you can tell when you're in the maze, it's probably about as wide as two people
top.
So you're pretty narrow.
You have a very claustrophobic feel.
So already, it's just, you know, kind of creeping yourself out that you can play the game.
You know, a lot of it's just, it's not so much, you see, it's creeping things everywhere.
You know, scary things everywhere, but it's just, you know, something's going to happen.
You don't know when it will.
And that's what, like, the first part of the maze, you can take, like, you know, one turn
to the second turn.
You didn't realize when you made that second turn, there was this little partition off
of the flight.
The first monster, you know, just jumped out at you and, you know, scared you, like, stopped
and like, ah!
And for me, because I get pretty jumpy just on about anything, it was like, well, you
know, you jump.
But you could tell the monster, you know, coming after you, but the good thing, the
way they said it about this, you don't, you know, like, you can't touch them, they can't
touch you.
It's not like you're getting manhandled or anything like that.
It's like a strip club.
Strip club rules.
It's like what?
It's like strip club rules.
Yeah, strip club.
For lack of a better term.
Um, and so, like, once, you know, you get the initial shock, then it's like they'll
sort of just sort of bang on the door, walls, and start kind of following you.
That's sort of like the way of kind of moseying you off into, you know, the next, you know,
corridor or whatever.
And when I first heard that, I was amazed, you know, like, one of the things they mentioned
on the back was, how fast does it get, can you get through it?
They said it takes about 15 minutes or 8 minutes if you're running at top speed, but, um, cool
thing is, like, it's not one of those mazes you can actually get lost in.
There is sort of, like, a message while they're bad.
If they're, like, side rooms you can kind of go into and look at things.
Um, when you're going through the first, like, few corridors, a lot of it was based on, like,
Silent Hill 4, actually, because it, a lot of the backgrounds that these other sites
were, like, the apartment doors, like, when you're walking by, you hear knocking, you
know, right on it, so you're kind of, you know, creeping out.
And then occasionally, when you're going through a wall, you'll feel, like, those faces, like,
when the evil spirits start coming out, they'll just come out through the wall and start chasing
you.
Oh, weird.
You'll see, like, um, there's those, um, evil dogs that you normally see, I think they're,
like, in Part 4 and, um, Homecoming, like, the one where you fall on the porch, you see,
like, occasionally, a dog, you know, in a cage, trying to come after you.
Um, they do pretty cool things with Silent Hill 3, like, there's this one setup that
they have, like, on the slide room, it's, like, at the bottom, there's a television
screen, and you can see, sort of, like, the rollercoaster, kind of, like, going through,
sort of, like, the rollercoaster going on its path, and they decorate it, like, the
abandoned, um, yeah, amusement park and such, and it's gonna take, like, the Silent Hill
music throughout.
Like, yeah, just everything, like, every corner, you just don't know when things are going
to happen.
And, like, even sometimes, you'll just see things that are, like, you know, everything
is standing still, and you're thinking, hmm, because one room I remember going through
was, like, a hospital, and there were literally, like, six nurses that just, sort of, like,
you know, when you're going, like, to a Soul Train line or something, you have to go right
through them, and you know something's gonna happen.
That's like the scene in the movie.
Okay, I know something's gonna jump me, I don't know what, take, like, one cautious
step forward, okay, two, three, and then you realize four of them were, like, mannequins,
the two of them were live, so it's just, like, totally screwed with your head.
Wow.
Yeah, it sounds like I would have had to wear the pens just to get through the photo shoot.
But our chat room is dying to know, how was their pyramid head, did they have a pyramid
head?
Oh, please say they had pyramid head.
Oh, yeah, pyramid head was the payoff.
I mean, anyone who, you know, the pyramid head always knows pyramid head is what you
came here for.
So that was, that was actually the last thing that you see.
So when you're going through all these different places, you know, like, I think it was right
after the graveyard that you see in Homecoming, they have that part, and it's funny, as you
leave that graveyard, they have, like, signage for advertising Silent Hill, uh, Shattered
Memories.
So it's, like, kind of, you know, interesting.
So when you're going through that, then you see at the end, there's, like, this, sort
of, kind of, like, shrine over there, at the top you see a, uh, figurine, like, a, uh,
big busted pyramid head, which is, like, really well done, it's, like, wow, that's kind of
cool.
And so you're still fixated on looking at that, just trying to internalize that, then
out of a gate popped out, Pyramid Head, huge, you know, Pyramid Head has, like, the big
sword, you know, that goes, supposed to be at least five feet long, so he starts coming
after you, he starts, like, you know, pretending to stab, he'll push you to get back a little
bit.
I would have broke down and cried.
I would have broke down and cried that you had to carry me out.
Yeah, luckily, Melody would have had to throw me over her shoulder and take me out of the
building.
I would have cried.
Yeah, but yeah, I mean, for me, it was just, like, I mean, it's funny, because, uh, Melody
would be, like, she'd go, I mean, after she'd gone through, she said, wow, that was, I wasn't
really scared.
And I was like, how could you not be, because then maybe she's not, you know, easily startled
or doesn't invest herself in the game, because when she's going through, like, all the bathrooms
and stuff, we see all the details of how they're busted, you see, like, the blood, blood, tears,
and all that, it's almost like, I guess, I put myself in that situation, thinking, damn,
you know, I don't have no access to spare, I ain't got no radio or nothing, like, I just
gotta deal with this.
So, okay, I gotta wrap up to move on with the show, but as a fan of the games, did they
do a good job?
I think, I thought they did a really, really good job.
I like that they, they really got you inside, you know, they, they created the things, usually
they did well, but just giving you the feeling of, like, Silent Hill, because anyone who
plays the game knows that it, you know, just psychologically messes with you, so, like,
you always are kind of scared to, like, turn that corner, or, you know, in some places
when you're going to the next room, you have to, like, open a curtain, and so, you know,
it's like the black curtain, you gotta, like, peek through it, you just don't know, so,
you know, fear is in there, but it's, overall, tying it to the game, tying it to, like, you
know, just experience, going to, like, you know, anything that's haunted, it was really
well done.
And just to clarify, some folks in the chat room wanted to know, does Pyramid Head rape
you?
No bodies were defiled, uh, during the, uh, haunt.
Oh, that's right, they can't touch it.
But he had, like, his small little room, he had his, you know, gate on the side, and,
you know, I didn't get quite a good peek, you know, in there, but, for all we know,
you know, they, they might be adding something, you know, they made it with something I didn't
catch, maybe I didn't, you know, have 100% clear on the game to get that scene.
Maybe there will be a rape expansion in 2010.
All right, uh, Mel, thank you so much, I really appreciate you coming on the show, I know
you guys are, like, driving home right now, you're calling us literally from the road,
probably driving up I-5 or something, so, um, have a safe drive back, thank you guys
so much for, um, coming on the show, and, uh, we'll hope to see you in studio in the
near future, okay?
Okay, take care, I think we might have just lost him at that point.
I was, uh, the 10th draft jersey since Jefferson touched Bimani, which was October 30th, 99th
and 8th, so, you know, 10 years, what a crazy ride, where we are, you know?
Wow, I didn't even think of that.
People that used, part of that message got cut off because we lost the connection for
a little bit.
October 30th, 99 was what?
The first time you played Bimani?
First time I played DTR.
10 years later, look, you know, how everything's gone, and still fans still doing it, and,
you know, look what's taking us.
Wow, yeah, it's pretty, pretty crazy looking back.
Boy, do I feel old.
Thanks for making me feel old, Mel, no, I'm kidding.
You know, it's, like, it's, I could go on for an hour or so, but it looks like I'm breaking
up here, so I'll let you get on with the show, and maybe, uh, maybe we'll talk about it more
next week.
Sounds good.
Take care, Mel.
Have a safe drive back.
All right.
Thanks, man.
Y'all be good.
Later.
All right.
Thank you, uh, very much to Mel for coming on the show with just only a text message
notice.
I appreciate that.
All right.
That was fun.
I don't know.
It sounded pretty good.
I mean, I know Mel's a big fan of Silent Hill, so, Jamie, if it comes back next year, I,
I think we're gonna road trip, but make sure I bring diapers.
All right, we'll be, we'll, um, bring you, uh, or make sure I at least void myself before
we go into the haunted house.
Yeah.
Okay.
We'll, we'll just get you a big pack, pack of, uh, oops, I crap my pants.
Sounds good.
All right.
Hey, I'm moving on to news that certainly didn't make me crap my pants.
In fact, if the only thing that was going to make me do is pee my pants laughing, there's
another DSI coming out.
That's right.
This would be the fourth version of the DSI coming out.
It's coming out in Japan very soon.
The DSIL, but it's also been confirmed for Europe and yes, America as the DSIXL, uh,
the DSIs, uh, LL is going to launch in Japan before the year is out.
Uh, basically the biggest revision in this, it's going to come with four inch screens,
so it's going to get a size increase because size matters.
The DSI Leonardo Leonardo.
No, it's, it has to do with the Japanese translation of XL.
It's, it's, it's also the DSIXL over there.
It's just in their language.
It's LL.
So that's the ugliest bong I've ever seen.
Some of the colors that this thing is coming out in is kind of cool, I guess.
It will be coming out as well, just so you know, in Europe, in America, but not until
next year.
It has been confirmed for all the regions and I'm just kind of sitting here going, okay,
well to be fair, I never bought the DSI, but if I did buy the DSI, I might feel a little
bit irritated because like if I bought stuff on the DSI store, it's not like there's a
cable that's going to connect my two things.
It's kind of like if I bought a PSP Go after already owning a PSP, there'd be no slot for
me to put the discs in.
At least I could still play the games, but yeah, I'm thinking this is more for the people
who didn't jump on board with the DSI the first time, like me.
I don't know.
Loki, how has the DSI been selling?
Is there a need for this?
What was your take on all this?
Well, this is just for old people and basically they've said it's for so other people can
watch you play the games.
And so basically you're advertising for Nintendo now, sort of, and the screen, you know, it's
a little bit bigger, but the system's also a little bit more expensive.
So are they going to be putting this out with the DSI?
I mean, it's kind of backwards as far as it becoming smaller and more compact.
By the way, a lot of our chat room is making the joke that a four inches is actually a
big improvement, but I'm bummed.
Get it?
And you know, if they're making the system so much bigger, why couldn't they throw the
Game Boy Advance slot back in there, since, you know, now size isn't a matter and...
Well, to be fair, when was the last time they put out a Game Boy Advance game?
I understand that, but you know, to be fair, Guitar Hero uses that Game Boy Advance slot
and, you know, other games have...
Well, to be really fair, Guitar Hero on the DS sucks anyway, so...
Yes, that's true, but...
Ha, I win.
I'm just saying that, you know, before they took it out because they wanted to slim down
the system to make it smaller and, you know, it couldn't fit... they couldn't fit that
in there.
Well, now they made the system bigger, so obviously size isn't a matter anymore, then...
So in other words, it's going to have a harder time fitting in my pocket.
Yup.
Hmm.
I don't know how I feel about this.
Well, and also too, I mean, you're keeping the screens the same resolution, yet you're
making them bigger, so the picture quality is going to go down slightly.
I mean, I don't know.
Do I really need a four-inch screen, or at least two four-inch screens?
I can see it just fine.
I don't need, you know...
I don't need glasses to, you know, read the text on that screen.
If you want me to show my friends when I'm playing, just give me a cord that lets me
put it on my television.
Yes, I realize this is a DS with two screens, but I'm sure there's a magical little device
that can make both screens appear on my TV at the same time.
Oh, like the Game Boy Advance player on the GameCube.
TV Tuner.
Something...
Yeah, something along those lines.
Or like the dev kits.
Yeah, bingo.
Bingo.
Thank you.
So...
Um...
And then actdeftinchat says, Nintendo, virtual handheld, now, thanks.
Yeah, that's right.
We still don't have our classic 8 and 16-bit games on the DS, even though we know damn
well it could play them if it wanted to.
Yeah.
Because you could play the classic 8-bit games on the Game Boy Advance slot when they were
all released on the Game Boy Advance before the Virtual Console came out.
Remember when you got to pay $19.99 for Metroid, the original 8-bit Metroid, when it was a
free unlock in Metroid Zero Mission?
Remember that?
Good times.
And also remember how you could get, you know, free Nintendo games streamed to your Game
Boy Advance using Animal Crossing?
And there was like, you know, 30-some games in there?
Oh, but you don't get that anymore.
In fact, we're just gonna keep Animal Crossing the same.
I'm not buying the next Animal Crossing.
I just want you to know that.
I don't care what they do.
I don't care if, you know, it's the greatest thing on Earth.
I'm not buying it.
I don't know.
This just seems to be the raging theme of 2009 as unnecessary handhelds.
I don't know.
I guess a bigger screen is cool, but it's not enough to make me go, whoopee, I need
it.
You know?
How's the PSP Go selling?
That's what I want to know.
That's a good question.
I'd be curious about that.
Well anyhow, there you go.
There's the information on the new DS.
Take it or leave it.
I'm sure there's some folks that are gonna be excited about it.
I think, you know, the folks who didn't get the DSi, I think will be more into this.
Of course, there's also Nintendo fanboys that'll be all over this no matter what.
It's also more expensive, remember.
Once again, an unnecessary update that's more expensive.
I might get one if DSiWare becomes very compelling in the future.
Like they get releases on DSiWare that I need because of the fact that I only have the DS
Lite.
I never got on board with the DSi, but right now I'm not feeling it.
That's where I'm at.
If something on DSiWare comes out that I need, I'll get it.
But for now, I'll pass.
Just like I'm passing on PSP Go.
For very similar reasons, oddly enough.
There you go.
PSP Go is just ridiculous.
It's redonkulous, if you will.
There you go.
Fine.
Something else that's redonkulous is apparently a PlayStation Network, or I should say ex-PlayStation
Network member, who of course tried to sue Sony for $55,000 for banning him from the
PlayStation Network.
Apparently he was throwing a fit in the PlayStation forums, and I believe since your account is
linked through that, if you get banned from the forums, you get banned off the network.
Which most people might say, who cares, I can create another membership.
Can I make a quick O-L-R-N joke that only like five people will get?
Sure.
Thank god this guy never played Ragnarok Online.
We ban you!
Yes.
So, anyways, the guy looks like Eric Estavillo has decided, you know what?
God forbid that I should lose one lawsuit.
I'm going to sue you again.
So he's appealed the court's decision and has sued Sony again, but this time for $180,000.
And on top of all that, this is just awesome, he is also not going to have a lawyer.
Once again, he's going to be representing himself.
Because only a fool represents himself.
Yes.
He will once again opt out of using a lawyer.
And the best part about it was, he said before that his first amendment rights were basically
being trampled on, and that's why he should get $55,000.
The judge says no and dismisses the case, and so now he's trying it again.
But the thing is, you can just create a new membership for free.
It doesn't cost anything.
Free.
It's not like you're paying for Xbox Live.
It's free.
Okay, devil's advocate, what about all the purchases you made on your old account that
are tied to that account that you can't transfer to a new account?
Well then he shouldn't have been a douche and should have read the terms of service.
That's true, I think Sony's covered in their terms of service, hence why the constitution
does not apply.
You agree to be signing up for a club and exclusive network where the first amendment
rules don't apply.
If they want to censor out the word fuck so that you can't say it on their network, you
can't complain and say, wham wham wham, Sony won't let me say fuck on their service.
They have every right to do that.
It's private.
It's private.
Same goes with any kind of web forum.
So this guy's just kind of a douche.
I like how we all said a different word in tandem there, that was great.
No Ron.
There's always somebody, but this is the kind of dummy that really makes the legal system
just look stupid.
I mean, I understand, in this case, cause they're going to have to throw it out again.
I mean the fact that one judge threw it out already is totally at least setting a precedent
is that this is stupid.
Well and at least he's not wasting money on, well I guess he's being smart and not wasting
money on a lawyer, but he's still wasting time.
The only bone I will throw this guy is that if he made purchases on the old account, I
could see where he's irritated and wanting to take this all the way to the Supreme Court.
However, you knew the rules when you bought the stuff, you knew what, you know, and if
you're going to act like a douchebag and get yourself banned, well, it's hard for me to
feel a lot of pity for you.
Cause what you said probably would have offended me.
Just guessing.
Probably would have.
And I don't get offended very easily by the way.
But there are some things that are pretty fucked up.
One thing that Sony is probably thinking is pretty fucked up right now is that the Playstation
3 has lost them quite a bit of money, 4.7 billion dollars to be exact.
That's coming from...
Billion dollars.
Billion dollars.
Apparently this is coming out of the fiscal year quarter to 2009 financial report that
Sony came out with this week.
The PS3 has lost Sony 4.695 billion dollars.
Keep in mind, game companies really lose money, like every time they sell a system, you know,
they're losing money on parts and so forth.
So you know, game companies have to take a loss that they're going to get back later
with things like, let's not forget, Sony owns Blu-rays, so they get money back with every
Blu-rays that are sold.
They get money back with their proprietary technology that the games use.
You know, they make the money back in other ways.
If your system is successful, you make this kind of money back.
So hold on a minute, before you want to sit here and go doom and gloom and point your finger
and say, Sony's losing money because they're stupid.
Well hold on.
Keep in mind, because guess what?
When Microsoft released the original Xbox, they lost 4.2 billion over a four year period.
That is a little less than 4.7, but also that was, you know, 10 years ago ish, you know,
eight, seven years ago, whatever.
But you know, these game companies tend to lose money on these investments initially.
So I wouldn't say doom and gloom for the PlayStation 3 just yet, or anytime soon really.
I think if anything, this year the PlayStation has been gaining more steam.
I think this money could possibly turn around by, you know, next year or the year after.
And there is some good news out of that as well, and that came from the chief financial
officer of Sony, Nobuyuki Oneda, who says that the PS3 is getting cheaper to produce,
saying the difference between sales and materials cost has been reduced between 10 and 20%.
Within the year, it could be in the single digits.
We'll be able to reach profitability at some point in the next term.
It should also be noted that the PlayStation 3 has jumped 800,000 in sales from the year
to year figures ever since the slim launched.
So definitely the price point was the sticking point for a heck of a lot of people.
And now that Sony's been able to conquer that and even admit that now the systems are getting
cheaper to produce, I guess the news is going to look pretty good for them a little later
on.
As we've been trying to tell them since the launch, $600, you crazy?
Well, you know, and again, a big part of that was Blu-ray.
They took a gamble with Blu-ray and, you know, whether you want to admit it or not, they
won.
HD DVDs don't exist anymore, really.
So they won that gamble.
So maybe this really truly was, you know, when they were talking about this 10 year
plan and all that, that's when this is probably going to end up really, really paying off
for them 10 years after the launch of the system when everybody wants Blu-rays and so
forth.
So we shall see.
Anyhow, let's move on with some more gaming news.
We're already an hour into the show.
We haven't even gotten to release dates.
Well, this is something that I think is actually pretty cool and I would like to see more of
this going on is David Cage, who was behind Heavy Rain.
He was actually defending the mature content, saying that it's a mature rated game.
He shouldn't have to take, take out any of the, you know, sex and anything that goes
on in it for the sake of any kind of, you know, quote decency because it's intended
for a mature audience.
You know, it's not his fault if, if it, you know, ends up in a kid's hand.
It's who's ever, you know, in charge of that kid's fault.
In fact, he's quoted as saying, as a game creator, I have one very simple rule.
Everything is allowed, no limits, as long as it makes sense in the story and is not
gratuitous.
Why is he having to defend himself?
Why?
Well, this is even more.
He's saying that because it's an 18 plus title, it should exclude him from, and I quote, ridiculous
situation.
So, I'm like, good, thank you for saying something.
Why is this so loud?
It just seems loud because you're, anyway, I don't, I don't understand why the guy is
being criticized here because of, you know, the game or whatever decisions he makes.
Like it's, it's ridiculous.
Would you question a Hollywood director about some of the things they do?
Granted, I realize some directors have been questioned over some extremely extreme things,
but like, you know, nobody sat James Cameron down and said, now, why did you decide to
show Kate Winslet's tits in Titanic?
Did you really have to show her boobs?
No, in fact, I think most people were thanking James Cameron for that.
Why is this guy having to defend his game or any creator having to defend their games
and the artistic choices they make?
Oh, I see, because games aren't really art according to some people.
Well, get over it.
I hate this, and I'm sure you all do as gaming enthusiasts and so forth, the double standard
with video games versus movies.
It's all the same kind of thing.
You know, well, a lot of us, you know, who were anime fans back in the day, you know,
got into the same thing.
I'm going, oh, these cartoons, it doesn't matter to me.
Well, like, no, it's just another way of, uh, of, uh, communication.
It's another, just another medium, and video games are the same thing.
SSJ100Matt in chat says, LOL, this is like the court scene in Clerks the Animated Series.
I want my eight bucks back.
I'm the plaintiff.
I'm a plaintiff.
I'm a plaintiff.
Damn, that was a great show.
That was.
Oh, man.
He's just making new Clerks the Animated Series.
He was supposed to be doing an animated movie.
Oh, really?
Sweet.
That might be fun.
It might actually be a good movie from him for, for once in the past, like, 10 years.
Big American Party.
I would like to dogma.
All right, um, moving on, a few more stories in release dates, and of course, the classic
game of the week before too long.
Yes, apparently, piracy on, um, handheld systems is not limited to the, uh, say, on the PSP.
Apparently, also very, quite rampant on, uh, the iPhone, or at least the App Store.
Um, some developers are claiming rates as high as 80 to even, like, 95 percent.
Uh, one, I love their developer's name too, one iPhone developer smells like donkey, says
about 80 percent of all downloads of Tap Fu were illegally downloaded, and they have a
way, I guess, of, um, telling that, and apparently, um, you know, the game, uh, was marked down
to 199 and still didn't, you know, affect the piracy rate, which is interesting.
You know what this story, do you know, honestly, what my gut reaction was to this story when
I read it?
I was, you can pirate games on the iPhone?
How?
Um, actually, I have a lot of them open, uh, cause I have a few friends who have jailbroken
iPhones.
Oh, you have to have a jailbroken iPhone to do it?
Um, well, he says that he did, but there's other places that, um, I think they do have
to be jailbroken to-
Apparently, it's pretty easy from what I hear, huh?
Oh yeah, especially if you've got an old one like mine.
I mean, I haven't, I've, and I'm saying this in all honesty, I've never jailbroken my iPhone.
I was never going to.
Me neither.
I have a first-gen iPhone, and, um, they're supposed to be, like, super easy on that one.
Hmm.
That'd be something to do with, like, an iPod touch, I would think.
Is there maybe a little kind of distortion going on with the figures, though?
Because like, if the game didn't sell that much in the first place, and, you know, this
handful of people pirated your game, well, then you say a certain percentage has pirated
your game when not that many people bought it to begin with?
Because maybe the App Store is just too flooded with crap right now, and yours isn't sticking
out?
Well, they claim, like, for example, this other, um, iPhone developer, Fish Labs, they
said their, uh, game Rally Master Pro 3D, um, received a 95% piracy rate on its first
day of release, and they said that that equates to about many, a few thousand copies.
So.
Hmm.
Um.
I could see that.
You know, if we're only talking a couple thousand, I could see that there's a couple thousand
people in the world who regularly pirate iPhone games, and a lot of pirates, especially with
something as little as an iPhone game, because it's not like any of those games are that
big, probably just download them to download them.
Play them once and throw them away.
I would bet you that's what most of those people do.
Yeah, probably.
That's, well, remember when the, um, uh, Dreamcast piracy was a big thing, that's really, a lot
of them was like, oh, I've never played this game, but here it works.
Or, or here's a great example, um, something that came up earlier in the show.
Maim ROMs.
How many people pirate Maim ROMs?
Like, I think that's one of those things, kind of like, everybody does, but no one really
talks about it.
I do it!
Tons of people download the Maim stuff in the 80s.
There's a lot of stuff.
Those games aren't making money anymore!
Who cares?
And there's a lot of stuff too, I mean, it's like.
I still buy those classic arcade collections when they're decent, it doesn't matter, I
feel justified.
There's some games in there, I don't even know what the hell they are, and I'm probably
gonna try them.
And you play them once, and you delete them.
That's still piracy!
You're still pirating a game!
Well if you tell me where I can find a legit copy of Ms. Nude World 96.
Exactly!
A lot of these games you get.
And that game's not even legitimate anyways, I mean, come on, that's just a hacked piece
of crap.
God damn, I missed Ms. Nude World 96.
I downloaded that just for you!
Did you really do have her in the cabinet?
I'm putting it in the cabinet.
Oh man.
Seriously?
If you've never played this on Maim, it's the one Maim ROM everybody has to play.
Is Ms. Nude World 96.
It's so bad.
It's awful.
I know we've talked about this on the show before, but it was like years and years ago.
Basically it's the game, like, kicks, but it's with naked ladies and then random pictures
of demon spawn in there.
The front end I'm using is called Hyper Spin, and it has little flash and video previews
of each game.
So I'm going to get that, you know, song to play over everything when you're selecting
the game, which will be pretty funny.
Everybody, move your body!
It's awesome.
But yeah, there's a lot of hacked stuff out there, and it's not practical for people to
buy arcade cabinets and stuff, and even still, I mean, a lot of the stuff you're buying second
hand anyways, the developers already made their money off that stuff.
I don't know.
It's not like they're making new Ms. Nude World 96 boards out there.
I don't know.
Vanus Lux in our chatroom says, my philosophy is that if there's nowhere I can buy it new,
there's nothing wrong with downloading it.
Of course, there's so much stuff that is available, I never have time to pirate everything.
To be honest, that's somewhat how I feel about import games.
I think if the company is never going to release the game over here, then maybe we ought to
just pirate it, which yes, I realize ties into something we've been talking about quite
extensively on the show recently, but I can't help how I feel.
I don't want to pay like $100 to import a game just because the company doesn't feel
like releasing it here.
You know what I mean?
But that's not to say I really rarely pirate games, like if ever.
I actually buy it.
Even music anymore.
I pretty much buy everything on iTunes.
I'm pretty boring.
I will say this, it's better to buy them on Amazon, because number one, they're usually
cheaper, and number two, they are DRM-free MP3s.
Yeah, I don't think there are MP3s on iTunes, but I don't know, it's just what I use.
Convenient.
Well, yeah, but you can do more with them off of Amazon.
You can actually burn a real MP3 disc if you have an MP3 CD player.
Anyhow, let's move on to another story here, and then we'll get to release dates.
Was that all to say about the piracy story?
Yeah.
It's just crazy.
That's really what it is.
Going into an article here about Rock Band, apparently there's kind of talk going around
that possibly there might be a Rock Band The Who edition, very similar to what they had
with Rock Band The Beatles.
Roger Daltrey, who of course is lead singer of The Who, was speaking to the Republican
recently saying, quote, the game, yeah, yeah, they're going to be doing a Who one next year.
There's one planned.
The idea is fabulous.
Anything that gets non-musical people interested in music is wonderful.
Now, of course, sometimes these old rockers don't really understand the way gaming works.
He might have been talking about a download pack, kind of like Green Day, I think, made
a similar mistake earlier this year.
They were talking about their own game, but it was just a download pack.
I would kind of think so, too, but then you also go, well, The Who already had a huge
download pack before.
And also, though, I would think, though, because they had a huge download pack that there's
so many songs in the game already, it'd be kind of weird to do their own.
I don't know.
Do you think The Who would warrant a whole new game?
I got to admit, and I'm going to get hate mail over this, but hear me out.
I don't think The Who justifies their own game release.
I don't think the band is that big in the year 2009 to warrant their own game release.
I know.
Hate me if you want.
But let's face it.
When was the last time they had a big song?
Okay, I know what you're going to say, but what about The Beatles' rock band, Rob?
Hold on.
Beatles?
Whole other stratosphere.
There is nothing like The Beatles, okay?
Back down to Earth.
The Who.
When was the last time they had a big hit?
Oh, yeah.
Before, most of our listeners and the people buying games today were born.
Now, will there be an audience for this?
Yes, but it's going to be very, very niche.
Don't agree with me?
Then release the damn game.
Prove me wrong.
It's niche.
There could be a Who track pack release, not necessarily a full-fledged game, but you know
how they do those disc releases of, say, 20-some songs or whatever.
I could see that happening, maybe, instead of the metal country track pack.
I could see something like the ACDC game that came out a while ago, maybe a live thing that
comes out.
I could see something like that, but not something like The Beatles' game.
The work that was put into that game and everything that went into that, only The Beatles, and
only The Beatles, I think, can justify.
I honestly can't think, and I realize there's a lot of listeners saying all these different
bands in chat right now and all this, but I really don't think there's any band I can
think of that justifies that.
Some of the Guitar Hero games, like Metallica, yeah, I can see where they're getting a game.
Aerosmith, I can see where they're getting a game.
Van Halen, I actually don't understand why they got a game when they couldn't license
anything after 1984, because I think Van Halen needed more than just the Roth stuff, but
hey, that's just me.
Again, you're talking about songs that were all released by the time.
Let's face it, if you're talking about songs that were released 1984 and before, that means
the last song in there was 25 years ago, when most of the people buying these games are
probably in their young 20s and teens.
A lot of those people don't really remember Van Halen.
Congratulations, you just made your game a niche game.
He's going to sell 100 copies like President Cat.
So there you go.
But again, it's so interesting because every argument I'm saying here against this game,
you could say, well, what about the Beatles?
What about the Beatles?
But the Beatles are the Beatles.
There is no comparison.
Seriously, try it.
There's no comparison.
No, I agree with you.
So anyhow, that was my little rant.
So I'm cool.
Hey, you know, I realized, and there's people probably sitting there on the keyboard right
now, Rob, how dare you?
You know, there are probably huge fans of The Who out there.
And you know, especially like, you know, if you're in the older group or even the younger
group who just has an appreciation for classic rock, you go, Pinball Wizard is an awesome
song.
There's a lot of great Who songs, but is it going to justify a whole new 50, $60 game?
Oh, no, only for, you know, fans that I don't think are enough in numbers to justify it.
But a track pack or a budget game or, you know, something like a re-skinning of, you
know, yeah, yeah.
The Who justifies that.
There is certainly a huge classic rock band, but just not relevant enough in 2009.
Hate me all you want.
Just tell me how it is.
How about some release dates?
Haters going to hate.
Haters going to hate, exactly.
And I'm hating.
All right.
This guy in chat says, Lady Gaga rock band will be incredible, putting the Beatles to
shame.
I didn't see it, but I heard about this week's episode of South Park, where apparently they're
doing Poker Face and rock band.
Hilarious.
Did you see Christopher Walken?
Yes.
Doing Poker Face.
Good stuff.
I actually think Lady Gaga should get some type of game.
Like maybe not now, but maybe after her next album.
But and again, you're probably going to, Rob, what the fuck?
You just say the Who shouldn't get a game, but Lady Gaga should.
But the Lady Gaga game would be like on the Wii.
Does that make sense where I'm going with that?
It would be on the Wii and in a pink box.
You know?
It would be a different kind of game.
P.S., Rob.
What?
You're a dork.
I know.
But I would buy the Lady Gaga game.
People bought Britney's dance beat, damn it.
Lady Gaga can have a game.
All right.
Anyhow, sorry.
Release dates.
Is the Lady Gaga game coming out?
No.
Not this week, I'm afraid.
All right.
This week actually started- I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Tiger Claw chat.
Just made me lol.
It would be called Lady Gaga game.
That's so stupid, yet so funny.
Lady Gaga game.
Or would that be Lady Gaga me?
Anyhow, sorry.
I promise.
I'm putting the mic down, so I won't interrupt.
All right.
Starting today, Rabbids Go Home is available on DS and the Wii.
Also later this week, Need for Speed Nitro will be out on the DS and the Wii.
Coming from Nintendo, Style Savvy.
It's a style sim for the DS, which I'm sure is gonna sell millions of copies, except not.
Sushi Academy out on the DS.
My Baby, First Steps on the DS and the Wii.
This week, Lego Rock Band out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and DS.
Of course, the DS version is very similar to the PSP version of Rock Band.
Band Hero also out this week on PlayStation 2, PS3, Xbox 360, and the Wii, as well as
the full band bundle as well.
If you feel like dropping $200 for that one, you can just get a world tour bundle for about
half the price.
Imagine Baby's fashion.
Imagine me not carrying him at this game.
That's available on the DS.
Star Wars Battlefront Elite Squad out on PSP and DS this week.
The re-release of Star Wars The Force Unleashed in the Ultimate Sith Edition, coming out on
PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
The Jack and Dexter The Lost Frontier out on PSP and PlayStation 2 this week.
Dragon Age Origins out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC this week.
Wii Cheer 2 on the Wii.
Dream Salon also on the DS.
Really?
Wii Cheer got a sequel?
Yes.
I just want to point out, that site earlier said that the cat game, President Cat, is
the worst Wii game ever made, yet Wii Cheer gets a sequel.
I'm just saying.
Trust me, anything made by Destineer is the worst Wii game ever.
Not President Cat.
President Cat's awesome.
Dance Dance Revolution Disney Grooves is making its way out, game only, on the Wii.
Of course it's been released before, but now they're kind of re-releasing it, because that's
what Konami does.
Pro Evolution Soccer 2010 out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
The rest of the versions will have to come later.
Christmas Carol tying in with the new Disney movie out on the DS.
Cop the Recruit out on the DS.
This one's kind of like what the Grand Theft Auto on the DS should have been.
It's like the PSP Grand Theft Autos.
And seriously, Konami, what are you doing?
Ultimate Party Challenge Bundle with, uh...
All right.
Sorry, I was looking up preview information on Band Hero.
Let's see here, a couple more.
Academy of Champions Soccer out on the Wii this week, also featuring the Rabbids.
And Hooked Again with the fishing rod, it's your fishing sim.
And then also becoming not a Walmart exclusive anymore, Rock Band ACDC Track Pack available
on all four systems for now the new low price of $20.
And let me tell you this, Munchy probably could get it way cheaper than that.
And let's see here, oh, some more random stuff.
Team Elimination Games from the Wii, yet another generic party game.
Once again, you know, all these companies putting out generic party games that are dime
a dozen.
Or hey, how about this another deer hunting game?
Buck Fever coming out on the Wii from, oh, the best company ever, Destineer, Buck Futter.
Oh, and then, how should we forget, but guess what?
We Wish You a Merry Christmas, yes, once again, another quality game from Destineer coming
out on the Wii, because hey, what Christmas, what would Christmas be without a Christmas
themed party game that you'll probably throw away after, you know.
We Wish You a Merry Buck Futter.
That's the game I'd like to see, Buck Futter.
Did you ever see that Celebrity Jeopardy sketch?
Oh, forget it.
And then lastly, a week from today, Shaun White, Snowboarding World stage of the week coming
out on the Wii.
And that's it.
Moving over to Japan and looking at some of the releases over there.
Now I want a game called Buck Futter, just to say I have it.
Can we get that on like the indie games marketplace?
Xbox 360 in Japan, we get Fallout 3, gets a price reduction over there, Dirt 2 gets
its release in Japan, Namco Museum Virtual Arcade comes out, I'm assuming that's very
similar to collection what we got over here before, NBA Live 10 comes out, and Taiyutama
Kiss on My DT comes out in a regular and limited edition.
That sounds dirty.
It does sound a little bit like Kiss My DD, like it's something that, you know, like kiss
my grits.
But no, I believe this is actually based on an anime, it's another adventure game based
on an anime.
Taiyutama I think is an anime, so there you go.
Also coming out, World Soccer winning 11 2010, of course soccer games are always huge releases
in every country but the US, and they sell decent here I'm sure too.
And there's also an Xbox 360 Elite Bundle, if you are doubting how big this game is,
it's getting bundled over there in Japan, if you are curious about that.
That is coming out on the Xbox 360 this week.
On the Playstation 3, a game we're going to talk about a little bit later on, 3D Dot Game
Heroes comes out.
I just want to point out, region free, if you want to import it, but we'll talk a little
more later about why you might not want to.
Dirt 2 comes out as well on Playstation 3, Infamous gets its release in Japan this week
as well as NBA Live 10.
And of course World Soccer winning 11 2010, also a Playstation 3 Bundle.
Have you ever seen that before where the same game gets bundled with two different consoles?
That's kind of interesting.
I don't know if I think of any other game that's gotten, warranted the two different
systems being bundled with it.
Interesting.
Lego Batman.
Oh, good call.
That's Playstation 2 on the Xbox 360.
Nintendo Wii gets a few releases in Japan as well.
Dragon Ball Z, Sparking Neo, I believe that's a price reduction, not a new release.
But a new game coming out in Japan, Mario and Sonic at the Vancouver Olympics.
Of course, the 2010 Winter Olympics are going to be in Vancouver.
And Mario and Sonic at the Olympics actually sold pretty well.
Like I know a lot of gamer enthusiasts kind of poo-poo those games, but they actually
sold pretty well, right?
So the sequel now, I guess you could say, the Vancouver Olympics is coming out just
in time for the Olympics over in Japan as well.
Playstation 2 is really slowing down with their releases in Japan as well.
They only have a price reduction to look forward to in Metal Gear Solid 3 this week on the
Playstation 2.
Nintendo DS has a handful of releases, it's getting pretty busy over there in Japan.
Wire Way comes out as well as Tamagotchi, that's a name I haven't heard in a long time.
No Nari-kiri Shaniru, I'm sure that's another side story Tamagotchi game.
Lemon Knight X Tears Crown comes out as well on the Nintendo DS, and Sakura Note, Imanitsu
Nagaru Mirai comes out from Marvelous Entertainment on the Nintendo DS.
Lastly, onto the PSP and the releases they have there.
Dirt 2 gets a release on the PSP as well, as well as Suikoden 1 and 2 gets a price reduction.
They released that in Japan, bundled and redone for the PSP, it's getting a price reduction
this week.
Nintendo NBA Live 10, Naruto, another one of those games, moves into the price reduction.
Also getting a price reduction, Valhalla Knights 2 gets a price reduction this week.
Let's move over to Europe.
We have a number of releases.
We have on the 4th, Tony Hawk Ride, and then on the 6th, Band Hero, Dragon Age Origins,
Ghostbusters, also Lego Indiana Jones 2 the adventure continues, Need for Speed Nitro
Pro Evolution Soccer 2010, Rapala Wii Fish, and Star Wars Battlefront League Squadron.
Very cool.
Yep.
Pretty interesting stuff I think.
Yep.
Alright, well many, I guess, I don't know, shadier people on Xbox Live woke up on Halloween
morning to find out that they were banned from Xbox Live.
Yes, Microsoft actually went through and did another round of console banning, mainly targeting
people that were downloading certain games.
If you may remember, I think we talked about it last week, they were cracking down on people
downloading Forza 3 and Borderlands early, of course it makes it a lot easier for them
to track that kind of stuff when the game's not out yet, and so because of that they've
taken action against some people, and of course with each update that the console gets with
each new firmware they add more consoles to the list of banned consoles, so it's kind
of interesting though.
You know, myself, I have about five modded consoles and not one of them is banned on
Live, so.
Yeah, but you're not dumb enough to play the stuff online, right?
We played modded Grand Theft Auto's online all the time.
Really?
Yeah, no problem.
But see, here's my theory on that though, is that they have ways of individually checking
consoles to see if the game is modded, like the console's modded, but it doesn't, for
them to actually spot check every single console out there, I guess would be impossible for
them to do, or at least not practical for them to do.
So what they are doing is waiting for these high profile games like Call of Duty, Modern
Warfare 2, Borderlands, Forza 3, and seeing, oh hey look, here's a group of people that
are playing it online, okay now we have a list of a hundred people to check on, versus
a list of two million.
I was wondering how they could tell the difference between somebody who just happened to get
the game early at a store, and somebody who pirated it.
So I get it now, so that's how customers are called.
They probably have a way to check while you're playing online, because there's no way, I
don't think there's a way for them to check if you're playing offline, but it's harder,
that's why a lot of the, you know, if you're downloading stuff, they'll recommend that
you play it offline until the game streets, and you know, I'm sure that there's going
to be a way that they're going to eventually figure out that hey, you know, if you've burned
something or you're playing a backup disc that they're going to find you, but once again
also they keep updating the firmwares that are on those drives, they just release the
new firmware to support what they call the wave 4 discs, because basically each disc
that comes out they have the current update in there, there's also a video track that
if you're a dumb idiot that puts your 360 in a DVD player that says hey stupid, this
is a 360 game, not a video, so you know, and they check the sizes of those to make sure
that it's consistent with a good burn of the disc, and also there's a security sector that's
on each disc that they verify based on a retail copy and whatnot, so that's how they have
all these backup plans to make sure that you have a legit burned copy or a copy that is
pretty much undetectable as far as the differences and whatnot, but yeah, basically each side,
you know, both Microsoft and the pirates, they keep updating their tactics, so it'll
never end.
Well, you know, and Microsoft has a right to protect what's theirs, and honestly if
you're dumb enough to be playing these things online before it's released, you know what,
you kind of deserve it, so there it is.
By the way, speaking of the PSP Go and some of these release things talking about, IkumaJP,
one of our listeners in Japan who has really been just a great listener for us because
he can kind of help make us understand some of the things going on in Japan sometimes
because we're so far away, he actually linked us to a news article talking about how only
30 people were queuing up for the PSP Go, and you know how sometimes like in Japan,
line, line, line, line, only 30 people queuing up for the PSP Go, you never found those sales
figures, huh?
Oh, I didn't even look, it probably gives you a good idea.
Well, I'm waiting and getting a response from the Twitter.
That's alright.
Anyhow, let's move on to another segment we like to do here on Orange Lounge Radio, it's
where DarkSakura digs through her archives and picks out one game that she thinks you
guys should really check out, it's called the Classic Game of the Week.
Oh DarkSakura, what have you chosen in your sickly state for our folks to be playing tonight?
Apparently an incomplete link.
There we go.
Um, the game that I picked was, um, Seaman, not to be confused with sperm, so, um, hello?
So what month is your- Because, as I neglected to put on the little
thing, there's no background music in this game, so what I put up is an actual example
of conversation in the game that I found in Tesly Hilarious from some guy's YouTube.
Okay, so wait, shall I play this again then?
In a minute.
Okay, go ahead.
Well then you get the cutesy music this week.
Um, anyway, um, the game Seaman is actually for the US version, it was narrated by Leonard
Nimoy, which is pretty freaking cool, and it uses a microphone, it came out on the Dreamcast,
and you basically get these little eggs and you raise them, and they turn into these fish
with people faces and these long flagellum on their head or something.
And they talk to you, and, um, you can have conversations with them, and as they go you
have to maintain the temperature and feed them and do all this other stuff, as well
as prepare a terrarium, because, um, you're going to, um, eventually, uh, let them evolve
into a fog and then they're going to run away.
So...
Jesus Christ!
They're so needy and then they just dump ya?
Kinda.
Kick those seamen to the curb.
But you, but you can, um, uh, they breed, and the way that they breed as fish is just
kinda weird.
Um, but your first stage is a mushroomer, which is, um, what they, uh, originally look
like, and then you have Gillman, and there's the ones that go mar mar mar, that's all I
remember them saying.
Um, and you get Podfish, and then after they mate the male Podfish dies, and then you get
Tadman, and Frogman, and, um, it's a very weird little game, but very fun, um, I remember
watching Dan talk to his fish for, uh, a long time, and it also had, uh, Crispus Seaman
that came out in Japan, it also had a Red Translucent Greek Dreamcast with it, and then
there was a PS2, um, uh, version that got released later on, and, um, then there was
a sequel that came out, which is a lot more, uh, evolution involved, you know, so, it is
a fun little game.
Now even though you were making, like, fish and frogs, you never, like, ate them, so you
weren't, like, swallowing the Seaman, right?
Just checking.
Hey, let's listen to some of the game's dialogue, so you can hear some dude interact with his
...
This is intensely hilarious.
Yes, let's listen to a guy play with his Seaman.
Your birthday in...
October.
You were born in October?
Ye-yes.
Let's try that again.
In what month were you born?
October.
You were born in October?
Yes.
I wonder if people would say you're a trick or a treat?
Treat.
Like the spice?
Yes.
Well, you can look, but don't touch.
This makes no fucking sense.
I know, it's great.
Just keep going, because I like the part where you're so much the fuck off.
I don't want to touch you.
What do you want?
To touch you.
I don't know that word.
You just said it.
So, what day is your birthday on?
Second.
The second?
Yes, bitch.
Mahatma Gandhi was also born on October 2nd.
I hope you are as peaceful as he.
I would loathe to be stuck in here with an aggressive human being.
By the way, this is from...
Fuck you.
Listen, I don't know if our relationship can handle this, you know.
Besides, what would the neighbors think?
Fuck them.
I need to give credit to the YouTube user that did this.
Ebola World is the name of the E-B-O-L-A World, okay, just before I play the rest of this.
Fuck them.
Hey, why all the noise?
Your mama.
What?
Your mama.
Mama.
Nope.
I'm just fine.
Wait.
Sorry, I'm busy.
You don't look busy.
I've been thinking about this, and if my calculations are correct, you must be a Libra.
I'll bet you get crushes on people all the time, huh?
Just don't get any ideas about me.
Let's just be friends, for now.
I'll friend your butt.
Are you coming on to me?
Yes.
Yes.
Put this tongue in that mouth, dream on.
No food for you.
Now, go think about what I've said, and we'll talk again later.
Rob is red in the case, this is fantastic.
We need to get this game immediately.
I haven't.
Do you really?
Hold on.
Okay, whenever we do our marathon, our big gaming marathon, this needs to be one of the
games we play for an hour.
That was awesome.
Oh, there you go.
That's why this is a classic game.
Oh, she just brought out the game.
See, man?
There it is on the Dreamcast.
They just put that on a little sticker on the back of the box.
I'll friend your butt, Ebola World.
Big thanks to the YouTube user Ebola World for the lulls there.
That was insanely funny, and our chat is exploding.
Pictures going up on the site.
Gameguru in chat says, C-Man 3 for the Wii.
I agree.
Then they could call it Butt Friends.
I don't know what they're going to call it.
All right, anyhow, clearly, we need to take a break here in studio.
We'll be right back, though, with plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio and some more news
stories tonight, including some rapid-fire news, your Twitter topics, and an update on
the N-Gage, probably the final update we will ever give you on the N-Gage.
All right, we'll be back in just a few minutes here with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Stay tuned.
And welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday, November the
1st of 2009.
Oh, my gosh, I can't believe it's November already.
For the 343rd episode of our little program, we do tape live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com,
every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
I hope nobody missed it tonight because of the whole Daylight Savings thing, but if you
don't live in an area that celebrates or recognizes Daylight Savings Time, just know this is the
good month for Daylight Savings Time.
This is what they call fall back, when we get to gain an hour of sleep at night.
The other one that happens in the spring when you spring forward, that one sucks because
you lose an hour of sleep, but everybody hopefully is well rested after a hopefully happy Halloween.
So I hope all of our listeners and everybody listening out there had a great, happy, and
safe Halloween.
Anyhow, we had a pretty exciting first half there, and I think we've all recovered from
the classic game of the week.
We're going to go ahead and, I think, move into rapid-fire news first, and then we'll
get into Twitter topics after that.
So, Loki, why don't you start us off tonight with some rapid-fire news.
Yes, Doom is coming to the iPhone, and this would be the classic Doom.
The original, well, not the original first person shooter, but second or third.
Pretty close.
Anyways, that'll be coming out quite soon, and actually, it's kind of funny, I read that
the guy that designed the logo and, I guess, title screen for Doom died.
So I guess that sort of ties in there.
Majesco is publishing a new DSi game, I guess it's a DSiWare game, actually.
It's going to be called Ghostwire, and it's what you would call an augmented reality game.
You use the DSi's camera to pan around rooms or your environment and search for ghosts,
in which case, then you capture them, I guess, sort of like, I don't know, Fatal Frame, sort
of.
You kill ghosts with your camera in Fatal Frame, I don't really know if that's capturing.
Anyway, but yeah, it looks kind of neat.
Hopefully it's not too expensive.
And then, finally, Frogger is returning, because, God forbid, Frogger should leave.
Frogger Returns is now coming to WiiWare and the Playstation Network, and it's a brand
new game with the classic Frogger gameplay, and rats that are absolutely huge.
In fact, judging by the scale of this picture here, that rat is the size of half a subway
car, so we should be concerned.
Must be in New York.
Interesting that Frogger is being done yet again, but I guess those games are popular,
that they aren't popular enough.
I remember when it came out on the Playstation a little while ago, well, I guess more than
a little while ago, when it came out on the very first Playstation, it was kind of cool,
the reimagining of it, but then it got really repetitive.
The last time Frogger was cool was when I was playing it on roller skates when I was
12.
Alright, anyhow, I've got a bunch of music game-based news for you guys tonight, starting
off with ACDC Rock Band, as Loki kind of mentioned a little bit before, it is now not only available
at Walmart, it is actually available everywhere now, including places like Gamestop and so
forth.
It is available right now.
It's not at its original price of $29.99, or I believe $39.99 was where it started at.
It's now down to $19.99, so the game does have 18 songs.
And that's just when the game stops charging for it.
Not necessarily what the price will have to be.
So maybe other retailers might be charging like $15 for it if you know where to look.
Probably go as low as $9.
Wow.
That might be exciting.
Well, if ACDC doesn't interest you, maybe some of the other bands coming to Rock Band
will.
Of course, these are download songs that are coming out, and this is what's coming out
next week.
It's a Foo Fighters pack.
It's the third pack of Foo Fighters songs coming out with Best of You, The Pretender,
Wheels, and Word Forward.
Nirvana has some songs from their album Bleach coming out, including About a Girl, Blue,
and School, and a Joan Jett song coming out.
Fake Friends is the Joan Jett and the Blackheart song that is available on Rock Band this week.
Of course, if you're playing on PSP, there's some songs from Bullet for My Valentine and
System of a Down coming out on the PSP version of Rock Band, Rock Band Unplugged.
And lastly from me tonight, Guitar Hero is also getting some download content.
They are getting a variety of things throughout November.
Starting off, there's a Lenny Kravitz pack with Let Love Rule, Lady, and Fly Away.
Of course, Lenny Kravitz is an awesome guitar player, and those are all great songs, so
this should be fun to jam to.
Those are going to be out on November 12th.
November 19th, we'll see the release of three tracks from KISS, Modern Day Delilah, Lick
It Up, and I Was Made for Lovin' You.
Also, there's going to be a free six-song pack.
It's free, but it's bands that feature Neversoft employees, so definitely indie bands, and
these are songs that you probably have never heard of.
But hey, sometimes playing songs by bands you've never heard of is how you find your
new favorite song, so that'll be free.
You certainly don't have any excuse not to check that out.
DarkSakura?
For anyone who's looking for DJ Hero download content, there actually will be some stuff
out for 480 Microsoft points on Xbox Live, or at least if you're in Europe, it'll be
497 pounds on PSN.
There is a 50 Cent and Mary J. Blige mashup with Queen's Radio Gaga, which is pretty funny.
There will be Gorillaz and Public Enemy mashup, which is pretty cool, and then on the 24th
we get the David Guetta mix pack, which is one called When Love Takes Over, and Sexy
Chick, and On the Dance Floor, and a few other things.
Just so you know, I know you may not know this, but When the Love Takes Over is a huge
club song.
It's a big, big dance song.
Like Energy 927, Before They Win Under, that was their number one song on the station,
so that's a pretty big score for DJ Hero.
And those songs that came out this last week, both very good.
The Radio Gaga and Mary J. Blige mashup is amazing.
I like the other one better.
It's good too.
That's the Gorillaz and Dare.
That was with Public Enemy.
I'm surprised you're not playing DJ Hero right now, DarkSakura, because there's so much Gorillaz
in it, there's like four or five Gorillaz mashup things in it.
Keep in mind, their sound producer when Demon Days came out was DJ Danger Mouse, who his
big claim to fame was mixing Beatles and Jay-Z for the Grey Album, which got him in a lot
of trouble.
Oh, I remember that.
Okay.
So it makes me completely natural that any of their stuff would end up in DJ Hero.
Never thought of it that way.
All right.
Let's move into some Twitter topics tonight.
We don't have a whole lot making the cut tonight, but I do want to acknowledge a couple of tweets
that we got here.
And of course, part of that's my fault because I didn't put up the request for Twitter topics
until like an hour ago.
But anyhow, Spazinator PSN on Twitter.
Again, you can always follow us on Twitter at Twitter.com slash O-L-R. Spazinator PSN
wants to know, not so much a topic, but a debate, the pros and cons of both Sony's and
Microsoft's video marketplaces, i.e. compare and contrast, et cetera.
Hmm.
Well, I've used both.
I've downloaded stuff on both of them.
I find the Sony store slightly easier to navigate than Microsoft's, but that's just me.
Of course, Sony also has the backing of the fact that they are a major motion picture
studio, so, you know, they get movies there, but I find that there's a better selection
on Microsoft.
I don't know if it's just me, but I feel like there's more stuff available on Microsoft,
but honestly, neither one really has the stuff I really want.
I have to go to Netflix for all the good stuff.
And I wish both of them had more HD.
I don't know.
Loki, you ever played around with this stuff?
Nope.
You don't ever really use a video marketplace?
Actually, I take that back.
One time we rented Dark City on the Xbox 360 video marketplace.
And got what you paid for?
All that good stuff?
Yep.
It was Dark City.
I like that movie.
I do like that on the PlayStation you can transfer a lot of it to the PSP.
I mean, that's something that the 360 doesn't have.
So I would give PlayStation the slight edge in that war, but the Xbox 360, I mean, it's
not like it's a bad setup at all and you're going to get good stuff.
Well now, though, with the new, what is it, when they're going to be converting it to
the Zune marketplace, the video marketplace, maybe you're going to be able to transfer
it to your Zune HD or something like that.
That's true.
So Spassinator, you might want to ask that question again in like two weeks when that
new little patch comes out, which obviously my 360 is broken, so I'm not in the preview
program.
I'm really excited about the Last.fm support.
I think that's kind of cool.
I still haven't played with it.
I prefer Last.fm Pandora, personally, because it makes a lot of recommendations based off
your own plays.
Don't use either one, but whatever.
Anyhow, ActDept sent us a link that's called The 10 Biggest WTF Games of All Time.
This is from a site, bravenewgamer.com, so let me run down this list that ActDept sent
us from bravenewgamer.com.
Number 10, Jet Set Radio Future.
Isn't that weird?
For a game, it was really different.
Number 9, Space Giraffe, also known as Tempest on Acid.
That game was just a huge disappointment.
I didn't like Space Giraffe one bit, and I loved Tempest 2000.
Number 8 on their little list here, Barbie Horse Adventures, Wild Horse Rescue.
It's not a WTF game.
I don't think it's a WTF game, either.
I think the writers put that there for shock value.
Number 7, Shaq-Fu.
Now, there's a good WTF game.
That's a good one.
But wasn't that kind of decent?
No, Shaq-Fu is ridiculous.
But it's Shaq doing Kung Fu.
They had a fan sequel, too, that's even better.
Are you feeling okay?
Yeah.
Number 6, Big Rigs Over the Road Racing.
It's just a horribly bad...
It's not even really deserving of attention.
I have it on my laptop, and it's kind of boring.
Actually, it's quite boring.
Number 5 is Michael Jackson's Moonwalker, which...
I don't know if...
That's like some tie-in.
I don't think that's really strange.
That's one of the better tie-in games there's been, actually.
I mean, yeah, it might be weird that they made a game out of Michael Jackson, but...
It's Sega, and Sega loves Michael Jackson.
And the game actually was pretty awesome.
I don't know if I can really consider that a WTF game.
It's a weird concept, but when it's done really well, I don't know if you can call that WTF.
Number 4, Monster Party.
I don't even remember this game.
I don't even know what that is.
It was on the NES.
I don't even know what the hell that game was.
Number 3 is a game called Alien Disco Safari.
Okay, I give credit.
That's a WTF game.
Number 2, Custer's Revenge.
You can't have any sort of controversial list without the game Custer's Revenge.
This isn't so much WTF as it just is STFU.
Number 1, of course, Katamari Damacy, which I would agree is a bit of a WTF game, but
again, a lot of effing fun.
You know what game is missing from that list?
That list sucked.
What's that?
You know what game is missing from that list?
What game is missing from that list?
WTF.
That's right.
There was a game called WTF.
Honorable mentions on this went to Takeshi's Challenge, Bible Adventures, Choaniki, which
is definitely a WTF game.
Choaniki is...
Yeah.
And Noby Noby Boy.
I think the honorable mentions were better than most of the list.
But thank you anyway to ACT-F for sharing and allowing us to give our filthy opinion
on that list.
That was a horrible list.
Yeah, it wasn't that great.
No, seriously.
I mean, I can think of a couple already, I mean, Oonga Boonga.
Yeah, Oonga Boonga is definitely a WTF game.
There's the table flipping game that's in Japan right now.
It's another arcade game that's really weird.
XLink in chat says no Spice Girls for the PlayStation.
There was the Spice Girls game.
That was kind of strange.
It was hilarious, though.
There was another game where you played a UFO, or not a UFO, an alien or something.
It was a Sega game where you scared people.
I don't remember what that was called.
Incredible Crisis.
I'm not, that's the game, I mean, that would be a good...
That is a good WTF game.
Irritating Stick.
Somebody in chat, I think it's Bochikawa, is asking, did anyone actually play the Bible
game?
I didn't play that Bible game, but I've played some Bible games.
Or how about let's look at the simple series in D3.
Zombies versus, or was it, Ambulance versus Zombies.
Yes, it's a game where you drive around in an ambulance killing zombies.
Or they had, I'm trying to think if there's some other weird ones.
There is one with girls dressed up like maids killing things as well.
Ionotropic in chat, Sneak King.
That was a great entry too, good job.
So there you go.
We just already came up with 10 games, I think there were more WTF than the ones on the list.
Here's another weird one, Goo Goo Soundy.
Which I think I have this somewhere.
And who could forget, President Cat is a little bit WTF.
No, no, apart from that, also, Vibribin, C-Man.
C-Man's a little bit WTF.
That guy right there, he probably like, his editor or whatever said, listen, you gotta
write an article for this guy.
Gotta get something that's gonna get on Dig, and Dig loves top 10 lists.
So think of a top 10 list that you haven't seen on Dig yet, and just throw some games
out there that'll get people talking.
Go even weirder, MojiBribin, which was even more bizarre than Vibribin.
Anyhow, Act F wants to say, and he's in chat right now too, since RenoE is kind of like
a WTF game, he wanted us to talk about those games because all those games are out, yet
President Cat, nowhere to be seen?
Hmm.
Who wants to be President Kitty?
Perhaps, uh, they need to bring it over to my house.
They need to give out copies of that game, you know, with like, purchases at say, PetSmart
or something like that, you know, go the whole sneak king route.
That's a good idea.
Alright, let's move on with some more long form news.
Skype coming up later this hour, and so forth, Loki.
Um, well, here's some platform that you're not going to see President Cat on, that would
be the Nokia N-Gage.
Yes, Nokia has officially announced the death of the N-Gage, um, honestly, to me this seems
like one of those situations where like you're, you know, the N-Gage is your like, grandparent
or something that was, had died in their apartment months ago and they just now went to visit
them and found them lying there rotting.
I mean, this is pretty much, you know, the N-Gage.
I think it was dead a long time ago, and we just now are kind of acknowledging the fact
that we haven't heard from the N-Gage in a while, maybe better check and see if they're
still alive.
God bless them for trying.
They were dedicated.
God bless them for not trying that hard, though.
That's like the reclusive old lady who died and they didn't find her until they smelled
the sounds of decaying in her cats.
Which is a true story.
Ew!
That's what I think of.
Gross.
It's not a show if I don't gross out Rob at least once.
Which goes to show you that cats are popular.
Ray Iannami in chat says, I remember some spokesperson saying Game Boy is for kids,
and that's the spokesperson for the N-Gage, and I'm like, now go die in two fires, please.
So um, Game Boy isn't necessarily just for kids.
They probably thought that the mobile gaming platform on phones would never take off because
the N-Gage didn't work.
And this little thing called the iPhone came out, whoops!
Just didn't know how to do it right, you just don't make your system look like a taco.
No side taco.
Ooh, I want a taco.
You know what sounds good right now?
Jim Boys.
Mmm, taco.
Don't make that face start talking.
No, Jim Boys makes me violently ill every time I eat it.
Really?
Yes.
That's like, that's like me and Chipotle.
Does it make you bleed out of your head?
Don't be disgusting.
All right, moving into uh, if the show could distance itself from South Park.
Hey, talking about, on a related note, Explosion Man, or Explosion Man of course is a game
on the Xbox 360, it got an update this week.
Now there are some Avatar awards, you know, you can actually get clothes for your Avatar
now, and they are unlockable with certain achievements in the game, which is pretty
cool.
Also, what's very interesting about this is that the um, developers Twisted Pixel has
teamed up with Omaha Steaks to give away, yes that's steaks as in, it wants mood, hundreds
of top quality steak fillets.
You just have to download and equip a special Splosion Man gamer pic, and then if you play
some multiplayer before November 22nd, you might win steak for playing Splosion Man.
Yeah, they keep trying to get me to buy their steaks because I bought steaks for like some
of our game publishers a while back, and they will not stop hounding me to buy more steaks,
and I'm like, listen, that was a one time thing man, I don't want to buy more steak
from you, it's expensive and your steak, well, it is steak, and you know, I'd rather go to
the grocery store and buy my steak than have it mailed to me.
I own a Tropic in chat, I knew somebody was going to say it, it says, I'm a vegetarian.
So yeah, what do the vegetarians get?
Tofu.
Nothing.
I guess, can you substitute that for a brick of tofu or something?
They have cake.
They sell cake.
Do they?
Oh, the steak people sell cake?
Yeah.
And depending on how vegetarian you are, they also sell fish.
I guess that might work, if the place is giving you a gift certificate I guess you could do
that.
Or baked potatoes.
They have baked potatoes.
You know a lot about this company.
They've obviously given you a sales pitch.
I bought me steaks from there.
What did you buy steak for?
I was buttering up some of my publishers.
And I also bought it for my...
Wait, so you bought the game publisher's steak?
Yeah, they're reps.
Did you buy Twisted Pixel steak?
Maybe that's where they got the idea from.
No.
Maybe they were like...
They're a developer, not a publisher.
Oh yeah, duh, my bad.
I was hoping maybe you indirectly inspired the steak giveaway, but no such thing.
No, I actually bought steaks for my grandparents and my dad.
I don't remember if it was last year or the year before last.
That just seems weird though, because they would have to FedEx them to you or something?
Yeah, they FedEx them.
It comes in a...
Actually, I had my dad send it to me.
It comes in a big old styrofoam cooler with dry ice in it, and they put steaks and burgers
and whatnot.
You can get crab, lobster, it's just it's not worth it buying.
There's plenty of other places.
And plus, if I really wanted top quality steaks, we have a butcher down the street from me
that's...
I'll just go buy from there.
All right, well, we're going to get into our mailbag segment.
And every week you guys send in emails, and Dark Soccer likes to pick a few of her favorites
and read them live on air for all of you to hear.
I'm going to ask Dark Soccer though, are you okay to do this tonight, or do you want me
to do it?
With your voice and everything?
I can try.
All right, Dark Soccer is going to go ahead and open up the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com and read some emails for you guys right now.
I don't think we got a lot though, at least when I checked we hardly had any to do.
There's just two.
All right, then let's read them.
So I got President Cat imported after listening to your show last week with speedy delivery
because I'm an impatient bastard.
Anyway, the game is weird, but fun kind of.
I can't figure out half of the mini games because my Japanese isn't that good, and some
of the games may just be broken.
But I came across this video on YouTube of this crazy guy in full spandex biker gear
playing one of the exercise mini games from the game.
It's a 40 second clip and it's weird to say the least.
If you play it on the show, you can give a running commentary for the folks listening.
Cheers AZHP.
I can open that up right now.
I'll go dig it in the mailbag.
It's only 40 seconds?
Yeah.
Oh, that's not that bad.
Last time we opened up YouTube here on air was hilarious.
I'll fringe your butt.
I'll go ahead and read the next one because it's short.
Go for it.
Hey guys.
Happy hallows end.
I was wondering if you were going to have a show next year on Halloween, maybe with
a live webcast of children's reactions to a grown man in a tingle costume handing out
candy.
Just a thought.
And that's from cheeseburger.
Rob, you're going to hand out candy next year?
Just a tingle.
Shut up.
I don't know.
It didn't even occur to me that Halloween's on a Sunday next year.
Have we ever had a Halloween episode of Orange Lawn's radio?
This will be a first.
I don't know if we'd do anything on Sunday.
What's that?
I don't know if we'd do anything on Sunday.
Let me double check.
Wouldn't you think that would be one of those ones we'd take a day off or something?
I would think.
I guess it kind of depends on what's going on.
It is indeed on a Sunday.
I guess it depends.
Well, it's a year away.
We'll see.
Who knows if we're going to be doing a show in a year, huh?
Remind us in a year.
Maybe I'm going to have a diva storm off the set come Christmas, so.
Then we'll just replace you with Ellen DeGeneres.
Or with one of the C-Man.
You can just sit here and do the show.
I'll be your friend.
Anyhow.
I'll friend your butt.
I wonder if you could hook up the microphone to Skype and have a Skype caller talk to the
C-Man.
Oh, so like when one of our serial callers calls in, like the people they get on every
week.
Like the spasinator calls in.
I could wire that up.
Have it be a segment talk to C-Man.
You could wire that up.
The word.
Yeah, but keep in mind you have to check them every day because it runs on the Dreamcast
timer.
I would love to see the phone call between Legend of Zaku and the C-Man fish.
But one night we just have to set that up and not tell the callers.
That's what we've done.
Yeah, that'd be awesome.
Are you a Libra?
Alright, here's the video that AZ- Besides, what would the neighbors think?
Here's that video that AZHP sent along that we're supposed to watch and give commentary
on.
Well, that's definitely spandex.
This is the official channel.
That's the cat-punch exercise.
Is it?
And his corgi's like, what the fuck.
I think it's a dance that the cat does or whatever because they have a bunch of people
doing that.
It is.
He just looks like he's kind of dancing.
It looks like he could be holding the wiimote doing that.
This dog seems entirely amused.
I thought this game was supposed to be about a cat, not a dog.
No, this isn't from the game.
This is a contest they have there on their website.
It's some dance or something that the cat does.
Gotcha.
But seriously, if they have contests like this on their website, I don't believe that
it hasn't sold 100 copies.
On top of that, they actually, yesterday they had an event in a cabaret to promote the game.
I actually posted on Twitter if any of our Japanese listeners attended that I'd like
to know how it went, but seriously, I think that they had to have sold more than 100.
Yeah, that's a little ridiculous.
But it's funny though, that little, when I was watching, because I've seen that one before,
I was watching a bunch of those just when I was really high on NyQuil and I think it
translates to cat punch mode or something or cat punch dance or something.
Akuma JP, of course, one of our listeners in Japan who listens to our show on Monday
afternoon live in Japan, says it's the morning exercise, like company exercises in the morning.
That's what the dude's doing.
It's just that I've seen the morning exercise routine, but I don't remember them batting
the air like little kittens.
That's what the cat does.
That's what they really need to do here.
They need to implement that kind of thing here.
I could really use like a 10 a.m. stretch at work sometimes.
I know.
You know what I mean?
All right.
Anyhow.
Dear Congress, make it so.
I just want to point out, because some of our chat room is still hung up on the whole
I'll fringe your butt comment, and in fact, we have some folks saying, let's see, togak
in chat says, going to use that tomorrow at school.
Okay, look, have fun, freedom of speech, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You didn't hear it here, especially when your parents or your principal asks you where you
heard a comment like that.
Okay, just saying.
You didn't hear it here.
But remember, when Rob does have his diva fit, we are replacing him with Ellen.
Just say you heard it on the Glenn Beck show, okay?
That's all you have to do.
All right.
Moving on.
No one would believe you, because no one watches that garbage.
Hey, Loki, let's hear what you have to say.
Yes.
So, I don't know, I didn't really play too much of the original game, a little bit on,
actually I think I played some of it during the show one time.
What, sorry, togak says, got it, I learned it from Oprah.
Okay, there you go, excellent, that wins.
I guess the Flash version of Line Rider has been tweaked a little bit.
They've added some new support to the game.
Now you can actually play as two different riders, or torture two different riders.
It's a brand new dual rider mode, and they've added a new, you can select the starting point
for the second rider, as well as they've added some new types of lines that will actually
decelerate the rider as well.
I guess you could use this to do races, or some sort of synchronized run, or something
like that.
And the new Line Rider variant is also going to be available for, I guess the iPhone, they're
also going to do like a Line Racer game or something, so that's kind of neat.
I don't know, a free update.
I like free.
And the game is popular, and they have some pretty sweet videos out there on YouTube for
it.
Well, this next game isn't free, but it's certainly a popular game, in fact one that
seemed to disappear for quite some time, and then suddenly is now coming back.
Excite Bike is getting a new version.
That's right, this is not Excite Truck, this is not Excite Bots, this is Excite Bike, the
original 8-bit game.
It was announced this week on the show Nintendo Week, let me come back to that in a minute,
that Excite Bike World Rally is coming out on November 9th.
It's like a new souped up version of the 8-bit Excite Bike, like they have now, it's like
3D, I don't want to say 3D, but like that 2.5D, like Street Fighter 4 has 3D elements,
but it's still like a 2D game, but that's what they're doing with this Excite Bike.
It's a 3D game on a 2D plane.
And an online multiplayer, and, and, and, do you remember what the original 8-bit game
had that made it so awesome for an 8-bit game?
Track Editor?
Track Editor, with save and load buttons that didn't freaking work when we got it here in
America because that's how lazy the translation was, because it was originally a Famicom disc
game overseas.
You know what's awesome too that no one seemed to notice in any of the previews and stuff?
It also has the icons like in Excite Truck, where you hit them and then the landscape
changes so ramps appear out of thin air.
That sounds awesome.
Yeah, you can kind of see that in the little video too that was there.
So Track Editor, online multiplayer, Excite Bike World Rally is coming out November 9th,
and I'm pretty excited.
Like I wish Nintendo would do this with more of their old school franchises, but I do want
to say the show they chose to debut it on, Nintendo Week, I guess this is a little thing
they do on the Nintendo channel.
I watched it, and wow, have you ever watched that show?
Like I think it must be written for a 7-year-old or something like that because it was really
difficult to watch.
Like it was like watching a really, really bad episode of Scooby-Doo, and when I say
really bad, I mean like really, really, really bad.
In fact, I posted a tweet about it earlier this week.
I think I said something like, I just watched Nintendo Week to see the new Excite Bike trailer.
I would have rather watched my grandma get a pap smear.
It's that bad.
Anyhow, speaking of things that might make us a little bit angsty or irritated, it's
time for us to get into the FUs of the Week, but we have a little bit of a story to inspire
the FUs of the Week.
Of course, I'm having a little bit of a problem loading it here, but we'll get there to it.
There we go.
Here's a story to inspire the FUs of the Week tonight.
A man caused a blackout at a local hospital and blamed Silent Hill for it.
Silent Hill is not often always seen as like the thing that the games made me do it.
Somehow this game tends to escape that, but apparently there was a 35-year-old man that
said that this game inspired him to break into a hospital, shut off the electricity.
His name was Jan H. At least that's all they're calling him right now.
Apparently he was in some type of psychosis and thought he was actually playing the game.
So what did he do?
He broke into Sophia Hospital in the Netherlands in April, I guess maybe now it's just going
to trial.
He shut off the power and forced a blackout for 45 minutes.
People were trapped in elevators, doctors had to manually keep the ICU patients breathing.
Thank God nobody died.
By the way, he was found not guilty in a trial last week.
Why?
The court ruled he had no idea of the true consequences of his deed.
I guess he thought that shutting off the power would allow him to avoid Pyramid Head.
I don't know, but that story is just all kinds of strange.
So F you to strange things.
That's ridiculous.
You're always trying to restore power and never shut it off in Silent Hill.
Dark Sakura, are you angsty about anything tonight?
I want my voice back and I want my foot to stop hurting.
That's about it.
Loki?
F you to older trick-or-treaters that don't understand the concept of take one candy.
Not one handful, one candy that we ran out because there wasn't that many people.
But seriously, dude, you're too old to be doing this and you're too greedy.
F you to the Bay Bridge.
Oh my gosh, that really sucked to have to go to San Francisco this weekend because you
know what?
Let me put it this way.
I did so much driving this weekend that I actually bought an audio book because my friend
Victoria usually goes with me on these long road trips, didn't come with me this time.
So I bought an audio book to keep me company.
I bought Kathy Griffin's new book, which actually was very good.
I highly recommend it.
It wasn't funny.
It was just good.
It's six and a half hours.
I listened to the entire thing this weekend in the car.
That's how much driving I did because I had to go around the Bay Bridge and terrible.
So F you to the Bay Bridge and them rushing the job the first time causes the damn thing
to break.
And then F you to the fact that they would say, oh, it's going to be open Thursday.
Oh, it's going to be open Friday.
Oh, you know what?
Fuck it.
It'll be open Monday.
And now they don't even know if it's going to make that.
And while I am all for taking the time to do it right, which they didn't do the first
time, stop teasing me.
And F you to the fact that we have a completely inadequate public transit system in place
for when this thing is broken and Bart's like, well, maybe we'll go 24 hours.
I don't know.
You don't really pay us enough to do it.
Fucking Bart.
Fucking Bay Bridge.
Lame.
Fucking all.
Exactly.
Who decided to build a major city over there anyway?
Seriously.
Like you have to go around a Bay to get there.
I guess it made sense back in the days of more ship and all that stuff.
Forget it.
I'm done at being angsty.
More news.
Then Skype.
Then the end of the show.
Alright.
So unfortunately this has nothing to do with the Bay Bridge.
But a game we were talking about for a while now, 3D Dot Game Heroes, which is kind of
an homage to a lot of the old classic 8-bit games, but just kind of in a 3D blocky way.
Pretty much an homage to The Legend of Zelda.
Well thankfully though, the game will be coming out over here in North America.
It's not seeing who's bringing it over, but apparently, I guess, it might even be from
software because how they bring games over here sometimes, but at some point it is going
to come over here because according to the PlayStation Twitter, no need to import 3D
Game Heroes for PS3, it's definitely coming to an A. Spread the word, more to come.
So awesome.
And have you seen the loading screens for this game?
I have to be honest, I don't know a lot about this game.
I just know the little bits I've seen, I'm like, oh that looks kind of neat, but I just
don't really know, I haven't really done my research on that game I guess.
The loading screens for this game have a lot of influence from a bunch of different games
like Mega Man Tetris, Final Fantasy V, they have a Castlevania one, a bunch of different
things in there, Chrono Trigger, Street Fighter.
But they're just inspired, right?
Because you couldn't rip those things off, or they didn't get busted.
Well, they look very similar, they're just done in this art style or whatever.
Interesting.
It's similar enough, so you kind of get the homage, but the game looks awesome.
Well, it's very interesting how that whole lack of region encoding on the PlayStation,
or the PS3 I guess you could say, the open regions or whatever, has kind of changed things
up like that.
Like, I love it.
I wish all the consoles had been region-free, but whatever.
Stupid laws.
Anyhow, here's something that folks might want to import, are Blu-rays region protected?
Yes, but in Japan, the Blu-rays, we're the same region as Japan.
Interesting.
Well, maybe Japan might want to import this, or who knows, but there's a Blu-ray release
of District 9 coming out, that was obviously a big movie over here in the US, and it's
coming out on Blu-ray very soon.
Guess what it's coming with?
It's coming with a video game demo.
That game, God of War 3.
Now, District 9 isn't coming out on Blu-ray until December 29th, I guess it's going to
cash in on the gift cards after the holidays, and that's, by the way, after the God of War
collection, which will also have the God of War 3 demo, but some folks that already had
the first two games may not want to re-buy them, I don't know.
So this will be another option.
If you get District 9, you'll actually get the God of War 3 demo with District 9.
Also, what's kind of interesting, if you play through the demo, a making of featurette will
be unlocked for the game.
Strange, because that really has nothing to do with District 9, except the fact that maybe
it's the same target audience, and they're both from Sony.
It's very similar that, I mean, very interesting that we haven't really seen anything like
that that I can think of before, especially with the unlocks.
Maybe a game demo coming with a movie is incredibly unheard of, especially with a lot of the games
based on movies.
They had one, and you're going to have to think way back here.
There was the UMD release for Stealth that had a special version of Wipeout with it where
you can play as a stealth plane.
Oh wow.
I wouldn't have even thought of that.
Also, just recently, the Watchmen, one of the animated movies came out with a game,
like they did a combo thing there, but this is different, because really, what do God
of War and District 9 have in common?
Not a damn thing, you know?
Except maybe it's the same target audience.
I never did see District 9, though.
I am curious about the God of War 3 demo, though, even though I was never really into
the first two games.
I think I'm going to pick up that collection, because everybody tells me, you gotta play
God of War.
You gotta play God of War.
So, I'm kind of glad I waited, now I can play him in high def.
Anyhow, one more story for you guys tonight, and then we are going to open up the Skype
line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, as always, OrangeLoungeRadio, but one
more story for you guys first.
This is kind of interesting.
Apparently, they do things differently over in Moscow.
They had a Counter-Strike tournament over there, and I guess the promoter for the tournament
decided to throw in a little bit of a different angle into the competition.
They were going to attempt to distract the players using strippers, yes, using women
that are topless and rubbing themselves all over the players.
Thankfully, though, and this is, I guess, a testament of their dedication to the game,
they were unable to drag those gamers away from Counter-Strike.
A quote here from English Russia reported, it was impossible to put an intention of those
hopeless men off the game.
It was drawing too close, and the ladies were sweating as much as they could, but the eyes
of the tough players were nailed on the screen tight.
And they have a wonderful gallery to go along with it, and man, they tried everything.
Huh, it's just two things that you think would go together naturally, or what I like to call
the coolest gaming tournament ever.
Maybe they should do a gaming, do you think they could do a gaming tournament like that
here in the US?
Oh, everyone would complain, but it would be the coolest gaming tournament ever.
What if a strip club did it?
What if a place of sin did it anyway?
Can you imagine if Centerfolds did, you know what we need to do?
I have a great idea.
We need to approach Centerfolds about having an orange lounge radio gaming tournament at
Centerfolds.
Wouldn't that be amazing?
Or I shouldn't give this one particular strip club free promotion, but this is the one I
drive by all the time.
There's Showgirls and City Limits and a lot of these other clubs too.
We should try to have a gaming tournament at a strip club.
Wouldn't that be fun?
That would be funny.
The wife would go?
That would be funny.
I don't know if that would work, or be feasible, or even make money, but it's a funny idea.
I think it's funnier though because they had no idea it was coming.
If you're in a strip club, you kind of know what to prepare yourself for.
But I'm just saying, I'm surprised this has never been marketed before, that just games
and strippers together in one roof.
It would have to be something that-
As long as you don't serve liquor, it's legal.
Something that really requires a lot of concentration, like irritating stick or something like that.
It's like, holy shit, nah.
Or a perfect attack tournament in DDR as topless women run by or something.
I don't know.
That would be tough.
I don't know.
If you want to comment on that or any other story we've talked about tonight, why don't
you give us a call?
1-877-GAME-OLR is the number to call, or our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio.
The Skype line is now open for business.
We've already got a call coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello.
It's Ray Iyanami.
Well, hello, Ray Iyanami.
How are you?
What's on your mind tonight?
Okay.
I just came back from YaoiCon.
YaoiCon?
Yeah.
Wasn't that going on in San Francisco?
San Mateo specifically.
Oh, so I was a little ways away because I was thinking as I was driving through Japantown
because the theater I do Rocky Horror at is right near Japantown in San Francisco, and
I was thinking like, I wonder if this is where YaoiCon is going on right now.
I should like swing by and say hello even though I had no ticket.
I was like, try to use my media poll or lack thereof.
Well, I believe this is the third year during holding it in San Mateo.
Apparently I missed the boat.
Well, okay.
So you went to YaoiCon.
That must have been interesting.
How was that?
It's all right.
Like, the other thing is you couldn't tell it was a ton specifically for living in Yaoi.
If you're like looking inside the hotel lobby, you have to go like the tiles or all the interesting
activities to see all the Yaoi-ness.
Now I don't want to make you uncomfortable or anything, but I have to ask this question
and feel free to pass on this if you want, but you identify as a straight male, right?
Mostly straight.
So, okay.
So what were you doing going to YaoiCon?
Just because that's where all the horny women are?
On the television.
Oh, okay.
For fun.
There you go.
But I feel mostly straight, I feel like real life guys make me go, man.
It's mostly like anime and video game guys that make me say I'm only mostly straight.
Interesting.
Okay.
Well, then Yaoi kind of taps into that whole thing, I guess.
So hey, cool.
I'm just kind of curious because I actually know, like, it's interesting because like
I know a lot of straight guys that like to go to these types of things like YaoiCon.
Like it seems like a lot of the reports I read are from straight guys and I'm kind of
like, okay, well, that kind of reminds me of like when all the straight people started
coming into the gay bar.
Like obviously, you know, there's, be who you want to be, just, you know, don't infringe
on other people's rights.
It doesn't really matter.
But at the same time, when all the straight people started showing up at the gay bar,
wasn't really a gay bar anymore and everybody went somewhere else.
But whatever.
Love who you want to love.
I went to a few panels and stuff like the Bishon auction, where things start to really
get interesting.
Like their bids are doing as high as like $500 and guys sitting at their clothes, like
the guys on auction doing sitting at their clothes left and right among other things.
I just realized some of our chatters don't know what Yaoi is and sometimes we take that
kind of stuff for granted that we just assume everybody knows what it is, but of course
not everybody knows what it is.
Yeah.
What do you, would you like to explain it?
Okay.
Go for it.
Okay.
Basically Yaoi is like male on male erotic anime or manga.
But it's not, but, but this is important to also state.
It's not porn.
Like, it's just like, yeah, I have some, the focus.
Anyways.
Yeah.
What I've noticed from what you guys have seen is mostly focused on the romance, like
if I walk into a random room showing Yaoi, there's a very low chance I'll walk into a
sex scene.
Interesting.
Like I'll just walk into them having a converse, a pretty deep conversation or whatever.
All right.
Now I started a whole little argument on whether it's porn or not.
I think that it gets though to the, the disturbing point though, when it's Shota, which is little
boys, that's disgusting.
That's not okay.
That's not okay.
Do what you want to do as long as they're 18 or over.
Okay.
That's the key thing.
All right.
Anyway, we are digressing completely.
Did they have gaming or anything going on at Yaoi Con?
They have a gaming room, but it was mostly fighting games.
Perfect product on an PS2 on an HDTV, which translates to, yay lag.
And there's a lot of Rockland and DDR, but I didn't really play either of those.
This is a great description.
I'm sorry.
This is a great description from SSJ100 Matt in chat room saying it's Brokeback Mountain
romantic type manga, but even Brokeback Mountain, and I'm adding to this, even Brokeback Mountain
had a sex scene.
There was a scene where Heath Ledger friended James Villanelle's butt.
What else about the gaming did you want to say?
But yeah, I tried playing Para Para Paradise on their set up there, and it was on HDTV,
and it was played on San Diego Girlfriend's 3DS machine between 2004 and no, 2003, 2007,
and knows how bad rhythm games are on an HDTV with no upscaling.
Yeah, it's nice that the newer games at least will kind of allow you to set the lag where
you want, but yeah, a lot of those older music games, it was, if your TV lags, then it sucks
to be you.
Yeah, I normally don't feel it's also a Para Para Paradise, but I was feeling songs that
in the arcade, I could clearly pass with no problem, just mainly rage quit.
Alright.
Well, I'm glad to hear you had fun at the convention.
Do you think you're going to go back next year?
Hopefully.
One of these years I'll go.
I always say I'm going to go to YALIcon, but then it's just like, it's always just at a
bad time for me, but one of these years I'll get there, hopefully next year.
I liked it the one time I went.
Yeah, I at least want to make a cameo.
Alright, well anyway, we're going to let you go, Ray, so we can get some more calls, but
thank you very much, and we'll talk to you again soon, okay?
Okay, I'll see you later.
1877 game OLR, or our username on Skype, orange lounger radio, if you want to give us a call.
While we wait for some calls, although I saw the, oh, here, it's ringing again.
I hate, can I just say this?
I hate the new Skype.
I cannot stand it.
Ever since they changed the skin and everything, this new little blue thing, it's like, if
I miss the little pop-up for a call, I'm screwed.
I can't answer it.
It's just, I wish there was a way to go back to the old interface.
I'm missing calls now because of it, but that's okay, we got another one.
Hi, on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey, this is X-Link.
Hi, X-Link, how are you, buddy?
What's on your mind?
Hey, doing good.
Just celebrated my birthday yesterday, had a lot of fun doing that, but...
Well, happy birthday.
Wait, you were at Halloween?
No, I was calling in.
You were at Halloween, baby?
Yeah, my birthday was on Halloween.
Alright.
Yes, yes, unfortunately I was one of the two.
You're probably sick of people commenting on that, so...
I was calling in because...
Go ahead, you're calling in because...
I'm sorry.
I was calling in because the game I recently picked up not too long ago, which I'm having
a lot of fun with, was Press Your Luck 2010, which I know you guys talked about that before
and how excited we were because of it coming out pretty soon, and it was released on Tuesday.
I didn't even realize this.
What system is this for, the Wii?
It was for the Wii.
I picked up the PC version because I also picked up the Price is Right 2010 and then
they also released Family Feud for 2010 also.
Well, this is like game show heaven going on right now.
Well, briefly describe for our listeners Press Your Luck and your impressions on it, if you
would.
Oh, I loved it.
It was exactly like it would play on the game show.
The only difference is they will start out with the first round, they'll give out a question,
you have the buzz in, and instead of typing in an answer or saying the answer like normally
you would say on the game show, they'll give you four choices based on the selection.
If you have the answer for the question right and you're the first one to buzz in, you would
get three spins because you get two spins for getting it right and a bonus spin for
having the right answer.
They do four questions per round.
Once you do the four questions, then they turn around and you face the board and then
you would do the spinning for the money and prizes.
Of course, the infamous no whammies, no whammies, stop.
Yeah, and if you get four, you get a chance, basically they'll give you like four chances.
If you get whammy, it's okay, you can still spin again.
If you feel like you got high enough money, you can pass off the spins to another player.
That's how it's more strategic if it comes down near the end of the game and you're like,
oh, well, I have 4,000 more than the other player to have an extra spin.
You can pass that off and hopefully that person would get the whammy or not get enough money
to overpass you in the amount.
Does the game have the cool whammy animations?
I love it.
Yes, it does.
In the fact of loading, when it loads in between the screens, it will do some kind of whammy
thing where it will show the whammies doing different stuff, which is kind of cool.
It sounds like it would be a really fun party game.
You just get a bunch of friends together and play some Press Your Luck and that sounds
like it could be a lot of fun.
Yes, definitely.
If anybody likes the Price is Right, I definitely recommend the Wii version because the wheel
spinning is a lot of fun with the Wii remote, so it's a lot better than it is on the PC.
These sound like these could be dumb little party games that would actually be a lot of
fun.
Even though I think a lot of us hardcore gamers would pass off these games, it's like shovelware.
I bet these games are a lot of fun when you have a big group of people, especially those
that don't regularly play games.
It is.
Everybody knows Press Your Luck.
Yes, it's a lot of fun and for 20 bucks, you can't really beat that price for some lenses
too.
It's very cheap.
That's a really good price.
Well, thank you very much for the ReviewX link.
I might just have to pick that up.
Do you have any other comments or thoughts on tonight's show for the listeners?
No, I just can't believe that guy didn't get into trouble for the hospital bed.
You would think for sure he would get into some kind of trouble.
That would be like me going out, shooting somebody in cold blood and going, oh, well,
I seen it happen on Left 4 Dead, so I didn't know that was going to happen when I shot
somebody for real or GTA.
Yeah, it's basically the equivalent of an insanity plea.
No, no, he did get an insanity plea because he was actually hallucinating.
Still, though, it's a darn good thing no one died.
All right, X-Link, we're going to let you go, but have a great week, okay?
Yeah.
Later.
Definitely, you too.
Thanks.
All right, we're going to try to take some more calls here.
I just want to stress, I really hate the new Skype.
In fact, I want to find the old version and download that instead, if I can.
We'll try to do at least one more call here tonight.
1877 game OLR, username on Skype is OrangeOnsRadio.
Hi, you're on OrangeOnsRadio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Spaz here.
Hi, Spaznator.
What's on your mind?
Yeah, a couple things.
First off, I don't know if you saw my one tweet, but I get news about home.
Yeah, what's that?
What's...
Yeah, it's not like major, major news, but I just thought it would be a match because
of the little turn the show took earlier on.
Yeah, am I going to be able to have sex in home?
Is that the update?
Well, not really.
I don't know if we checked the mall lately or not, but if you go to the furniture store
on the first floor, there's some really shitty items in there, quite literally, they got
toilets in there now.
Wait, like, you can buy poop?
Well, I think you have to fly the poop yourself, but they got toilets in there now, and we're
with two of them.
In fact, in the store right now, and I'm highlighting them, there's a golden toilet, and they're
calling it the golden throne, and they're selling it for, damn it, I got the error for
price.
It's kind of expensive, last time I checked it was like $3.99 or something like that.
So I can pay three bucks to have a virtual loo in Sony Home.
That's amazing.
Yeah, and they got a second one there, it looks like a porcelain toilet, and they're
calling it take a load off the chair, and they're charging $0.99 for it.
Maybe I should buy one of those.
I need to buy one of those for the oil army clubhouse and just put it in the center stage.
Yeah, and in fact, it's a perfect transition for the second topic, you know, they mentioned
a tweet.
Yeah, since you guys were plugging Twitter and Facebook and all that earlier, you guys
just kind of forgot to mention the oil, the army club within Home.
That's true, we do have the oil army club with Home, but the reason why we don't mention
it is because we actually do things with the Twitter and stuff, but it's really hard to
do things with the clubhouse.
One reason we bought that is so that when Sony starts letting us use the TV for a purpose,
or maybe we can stream clips of our show somehow, or just kind of let us put our own custom
touch somehow and make it an Orange Lawns Radio experience, then we'll be right on it
and ready to go and already have people in there to go see it, but right now, the way
Home is, there's not a lot I can do with it, which is unfortunate.
The one thing I want to say, not so much to you guys, but other listeners out there, is
that you, Rob, were nice enough to shell out the four or five bucks for the club, you know,
the least the rest of us listeners can do is show our appreciation, you use club that
you shell out the money for, you know?
It seems like John Dole one day ever shows up in there, and every time I show up there,
there's no one there, so I'm conveniently missing.
Maybe one of these nights, we'll have to plan like on a Tuesday night randomly or something,
we'll have like a Sony Home night at seven o'clock and just like have a big clusterfuck
dance party in the, because I don't know what else you do in Home, but dance, hopefully
somebody will show up in a hamster outfit, we'll do a dance party in Sony Home.
What's great is that Jamie's, hold on, Jamie's husband, Dan, walked by, right, as I was saying.
Maybe somebody will dress up as a hamster or something.
I could only be talking about Sony Home, of course.
Well, it wasn't the hamster thing, it was the whole Sony Home.
Oh, the whole Sony Home thing, oh, I'm sorry.
All right, sorry, Spaz in the air.
Anything else on your mind real quick before we let you go?
You know, I did have something, oh yeah, I was going to mention the whole talking to,
you know, having the callers talk to the Seaman game.
Yes.
Yeah, and one thing in regards to having me do it, it probably would make for bad radio
simply because, you know, me and anything that has to do with speech recognition software
doesn't really mesh all that well simply because obviously you can tell from this phone call
I have, you know, slight speech impediment.
You know what, dude, it wouldn't just be you.
Those programs always stink at recognizing speech, whether it be an accent or just impediment
or just the way you talk, just depending on how you were raised, those games never accurately
can gauge you.
Like, look at a game like brain training.
Like if you want brain training to recognize that you're saying blue, you have to literally
sit there and say, brew, brew, and that's the only way you can get it to recognize it.
And I'm not trying to sound, you know, rude or anything, but that's just the way the game
works.
It doesn't work otherwise.
I can't even get right on his by that game.
Anyways, Spaznator, we're going to let you go so we can go and wrap up the show, but
thanks so much as always for your call and I can't promise the Seaman things never going
to happen.
So just so you know.
All right.
Later.
All right.
Anyhow, thanks so much to all our callers tonight.
We are going to go ahead and close up the Skype line just because I'm that annoyed with
Skype tonight and it's not the callers.
Not at all.
Callers are great.
The program itself.
I'm a little mad at, I think we might need to upgrade the show computer.
I don't know.
It's just, I don't know.
We do have that extra.
I didn't they send us.
Yeah, we got that extra thing.
What's, where's, where's that computer?
We got it.
It's still in my room.
Bring it over next week and let's see if we can't just get the sound card out of this
beast into that thing.
Let's play jigsaw puzzle with the new computer.
Because if not, then the new computer can be used for video because I know we were going
to, we were saving that to use for a video and then it didn't happen.
So listen, we got to get use out of that, but Skype is annoying the shit out of me on
this thing.
But this, this computer is getting old.
So we definitely have to invest in extra box of oops, I crapped my pants because like,
you know, they bought that months ago.
We'd never used it.
And it's, you know, not trying to be disrespectful.
We had, we were going to use it for something they didn't take off.
So we'll, we'll, we'll find another way to use it anyhow.
I think it's time for us to go and wrap up the show.
I have some final story.
Oh my gosh.
I'm so sorry.
I forgot we didn't do those yet.
I did mine for the FU.
I'm sorry.
I thought you were going to talk about this movie.
Yeah.
Um, the silent Hill movie is, uh, going to start filming next year.
Silent Hill 2.
I didn't take your story.
And a dude, uh, was in a, uh, pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter.
What did?
Oh, the rider?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
I heard about that one.
What a mess.
Don't drive drunk.
Loki.
Last minute stories.
Yes.
So Nintendo is apparently hinting that a free 3g internet, um, with its next gen DS system
might be something that they're working on.
Um, apparently a water is, um, quoted saying that, uh, I'm interested because it's a new
business model in which the user doesn't bear the communications costs.
Only the people who can pay thousands of yen a month can be iPhone customers.
That doesn't fit Nintendo's customers because we make amusement products.
In reality, if we did this, it would, um, increase the cost of hardware and the consumers
would complain about Nintendo putting prices up, but it's, uh, it is one option for the
future.
Um, that would be pretty awesome if you can get unlimited 3g internet through like a DS
or something.
But the problem is one little small, easy little problem with their statement there.
They haven't embraced online yet, so, um, all the free online, you know, thrown into
your next gen console doesn't mean shit to me since you haven't really embraced online.
I mean, okay.
Yeah, we wear in, you know, DSI wear, but your infrastructure infrastructure sucks and
your friend's code sucks even more, so.
Yeah.
Anyways, speaking about the Wii, there is a brand new Wiimote attachment and I know
I have talked about this on the show, but not a lot of people remember it.
It's a game called Baby and Me, but I was completely unaware of this brand new, um,
bundle I guess they have.
It's a special edition.
Um, this is the game I told you where you can holster your baby.
Basically it has a remote holster for a baby doll, but, but that's not all.
Apparently, um, not over here, but in Australia, they're getting a special edition and what
does this special edition include?
But a baby doll attachment for your Wii remote.
Yes.
Sickly enough, you will be inserting the Wii remote into that baby.
But that's, wow, that's kind of crazy.
And then, um, last but not least, American McGee's Alice is coming back for a sequel.
The Return of Alice, um, it's going to be the next, um, game that he's doing.
He's got a nice little teaser trailer online and it looks creepy, so I'm sure that it's
going to be coming to the PC later on, but, uh, Return of Alice coming from American McGee.
Wasn't there supposed to be like a movie tie-in to this a long time ago?
There was supposed to be an American McGee Alice movie, uh, it was like with Wino or
Ryder at one time, so I don't know if that's still, I don't think that's happening anymore.
Well, now there's the, um, Tim Burton one.
Oh yeah, that's true and I think that's kind of it.
Like I think when this Tim Burton one comes out, there really won't be a need for the
American McGee one because you'll get your dark.
American McGee's going to be even darker than, I mean, Tim Burton, he's dark, but he's like,
you know, bubblegum dark, you know, he's like, he's like hot topic dark, okay.
I went to hang out with some friends over the weekend, um, for Halloween.
We, um, they're, they're my friends that I play Warcraft with now and, um, we watched
some, uh, movies.
This was Halloween.
We watched Showgirls because, you know, we have to watch something scary, but then we
started, um, Starling, except I love Showgirls.
Don't get me started.
That's one of my favorite movies.
It's so bad.
It's good.
We need to watch that again, but the other thing about this, it's not coming back until
2011.
Oh, well yeah.
Games take time to develop.
But anyway, what I wanted to say also, we watched Sleepy Hollow, which is a Tim Burton
movie.
That movie's pretty dark.
That's not bubblegum dark.
That's, that's legitimately dark.
Just saying.
We watched on fast forward the original Wicker Man.
Wow.
We almost watched Sleepaway Camp two and three.
None of them are good.
I know.
We knew that.
The original Sleepaway Camp.
We were just curious with the Wicker Man if it was, you know, similar to the remake.
Which by the way, to all of our listeners, 17 and over, because it's an R-rated movie,
next Halloween, or if you'll be 17 by next Halloween, you need to rent Sleepaway Camp.
It is the ultimate awesome Halloween movie.
And if you've never seen it and you don't know anything about it, good.
Keep it that way until you watch the movie.
Because I'll tell you what, best twist ending ever, ever.
That movie was made, what, in like the 80s?
And it's very, it's a very like little quotable movie too.
It's so bad it's funny.
So there you go.
They have a new one that came out that has apparently some of the original cast in it.
Ridiculous.
Tigerclaw had sent me a link as well, wanting me to mention this.
And I remember hearing about this earlier in the week.
Apparently a sequel to Showgirls is being made.
What?
That's supposed to center around hope, which was, do you remember like there was like kind
of the bimbo girl that was following in Nomi's footsteps at the strip club and all that and
was screwing the dancer guy that Nomi was screwing?
Well, apparently the movie is supposed to center around her, but I got, I'll one up
you with this.
The original Showgirls sequel that would have actually starred Elizabeth Berkley and everybody
because this movie was supposed to be huge, was supposed to take place in LA or Hollywood.
That's why at the very end of the movie when they're driving away, OMG spoilers, they're
going to LA because the second movie was supposed to be Nomi Takes Hollywood, which would have
been awesome.
Why would they do that?
She's not doing anything.
I mean, she hosts like a dance show, doesn't she?
She doesn't do anything.
She's just, she's unemployed right now.
I mean, come on.
I love it.
We've already seen her breasts.
It's not even that big a deal anymore.
Salacious pop and chat, of course, knows exactly what I'm talking about and gives us the quote
there.
No one wants to fuck a penny.
They want to fuck a heather or a hope.
Forget it.
And the estimated Satsuma follows that with Showgirls 2 should have a video game tourney.
It's like, just throw everything tonight into a big blender and you have the ultimate OLR
live event.
Anyhow, it's time for us to start wrapping up the show.
Go around and give everybody, I'm sorry, did we get all the last minute stories tonight?
That was it.
Okay.
It's time to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Um, Loki, I'll start with you.
Your final thought.
Final thought is I need the fine steering wheel for my main cabinet.
My final thought is I really want a taco from gym boys, even if Jamie hates it.
Uh, Jamie, what's your final thought tonight?
Did you watch the grudge for Halloween?
No.
Oh.
Um, I remember when you were like really into the ring and those books and all that.
I don't know if you, or ringoo and all that.
This gal at my work dressed up as Samara and she did a really good job.
This is such a really good costume.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Just made me think of you.
Cause I know you like used to really be into that whole series.
It's still into it.
Actually.
I need to find my copy of a, um, uh, loop again so I can read it cause that was my favorite
of those books.
All right.
Well, until she reads that book and we have something to talk about, we'll be back next
week.
Hey, if you guys enjoy the show.
Oh, wait, wait.
I've been challenged.
To what?
Um, ionotropic says extended death rattle.
What?
Knock it off.
No, stop.
I'm gonna unplug.
Where's she on the mixing board here.
Stop it.
I need to get my thing.
Then you can death rattle us out.
Oh my God.
That's annoying.
Shut up.
All right.
Um, thank you so much for listening to orange launch radio after that.
I'm so sure you're going to run and tell two friends about our show, but please tell others
about our show and help spread the word because we don't have any corporate magazine or game
company behind us.
We rely on word of mouth to spread the word, but just not Jamie's mouth.
All right.
Okay.
Excellent.
Set again again.
Cause the things that come out of that are filthy.
So until then.
And full of phlegm.
Have a great week.
We'll see you next time.
Here on orange launch radio.
Oh my God.
Her noise made the dolls fall over.
Happy Halloween.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific time, the views
and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire
staff of orange lounge radio or all games.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
