Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky and Loco!
Tonight November 29th, 2009
Will Amber Alert type messages soon be displayed on your Xbox?
Familiar faces return for Super Street Fighter 4
Can we talk about the continued growth of LittleBigPlanet a whole year after its release?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle
My name is Rob Roberts with you here every week on All Games Radio
www.allgames.com where we tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show
Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only
Jamie Summers, Dark Sakura
Rawr
How are you doing?
Rawr
I see you LJing
I am LJing, I was doing it well before the show
It's so nice to see that people actually still use LJ
I have a permanent account, damn well better use it
For the uninitiated LJ is short for LiveJournal
where we actually have an Orange Lounge community
but sadly it's been neglected just like LiveJournal has in general
thanks to Twitter and Facebook and I guess MySpace in a way
but do people actually use MySpace anymore?
I actually logged into MySpace the other day
and this is my exact thing I said aloud
What a crap!
Because MySpace is really ugly
I don't use MySpace anymore
If you're still on there, we have an account on there
I check maybe once a month and if you want to have this as a friend
you can join the many record labels and indie bands
who think we're like an actual radio station
like we want to play their rap music as part of our show
Maybe we should one night just to see what happens
Wouldn't that be fun?
Don't you think so Tech Master Loki?
Also joining us every week here on the program
No
No, it would not be fun?
No, it would not be fun
Hey, also our chat room is always here
chat.orangeloungeradio.com
if you'd like to join it and say hello to us
and of course we always like to interact with our chat room
who right now is razzing me for a technical difficulty
we had before tonight's show started
but those of you on the podcast, it'll all be fixed by the time you hear it
So yeah, if you want to hear all the good technical difficulties
not that we usually edit a lot of things
but most of this is very uncensored radio
we don't really filter anything out
but huge technical fuck-ups do get filtered out
so that's one thing you can look forward to
and our podcast feed is also available on iTunes
just check that out, searching for Orange Launch Radio
or more information on www.orangeloungeradio.com
for those of you that hate all things Apple
I know there are a few of you out there
you can check us out and several other podcast catchers
and Loki's raising his hand right there
So I'm sorry, should I call it a blogcast?
Isn't that what Major Nelson was calling it for the longest time?
because Microsoft doesn't want to use that word podcast
or a Zooncast or whatever
They tried, but podcast just stuck
Do you hate the word podcast, Loki?
No
Certainly one thing we don't hate here is video games
in fact we play a lot of them
and every week we like to tell you about what we've been playing
in a segment we call How Was Your Gaming Week?
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I've... whoa
I played World of Warcraft today
and Sims yesterday
and I downloaded another game
that I'm going to try out
that I've heard lots of good things about
and I have to pull it up on
actually I have to pull up iTunes so that I can find it
but it's a little shooting game
like a
like a Gradius type of shooter
and
I just downloaded it
I'll find it
Meanwhile, Loki, how was your gaming week?
I honestly didn't play a lot
which is sad
because we had four days off
no, I decided to go ahead
and I played a little bit
I brought out the Wii
when I went over to my sister's house
and we played a little bit of Excitebots
and
then also
of course more Grand Theft Auto this week
and
but mainly I've been busy
doing other things
and that would be for some reason
and I don't know why
during the day
on Tuesday this week
um
I just said, hey, you know what
I'm going to turn a PSP into a MAME cabinet
and so that's
what I've been doing
I've been taking a PSP
that I don't use anymore
You get the most random ass little like inspirations
like, my favorite will always be
when you walked in here
episode 300 last year
and you walked in here in your Sackboy costume
like, hey guys, I made a Sackboy costume
like, WHY?
It's funny
Well, it's just like
um, and it's weird
because I had specific requirements I wanted to do
it had to be everything
that I had in the house already
like just random crap
so it's basically, you know, it's going to be
small, like a bar top
but it'll be out of spare parts
I had and cardboard boxes
and that's what I've done
I've started it, I've been soldering
all year
Are we actually going to make a cabinet out of cardboard boxes?
Yes! I'm serious
No, small
like something I've seen on a counter top
but no, seriously, it's actually really cool
the problem is though, it's really hard to solder
to a PSP board
because I had to use magnet wire
because it's so thin
I actually burned my finger on the soldering iron
which kind of sucks
but um, yeah
I mean, assuming that my soldering
is an absolute crap, which it is
but, you know, it looked
pretty good
then it will actually be done soon
because I actually finished soldering today
and um
what I'm actually going to be running on it
is not MAME because they do have
MAME for it
but the way I soldered
everything, I can't really solder
the directional buttons because
it's really hard to do that
so I instead soldered the
analog because it's really easy
and you can actually use the analog stick
in some of the games, so I can't select
between which emulator I run
I just have to have it auto-boot into that emulator
so the one I found that runs pretty well
is actually the CPS2 emulator
so I can play some Puzzle Fighter on there
and Street Fighter and stuff like that
but um, yeah, it's
coming along, and um
hopefully it'll be done this week
Now there's some haters in our chat room
at chat.orangelandradiot.com
PSP MAME sucks, sorry
Yes, PSP MAME does kinda suck
PSP CPS2
not that bad, actually, it runs pretty well
and um
it's just
you know, this PSP, I haven't used it in like
years, okay
Amae Satsuma in our chat room, chat.orangelandradiot.com
says, Loki's real name isn't Matt, it's Richard Dean Anderson
making a MacGyver reference there
which is somewhat true
and which Act F says, LokiGyver
I don't know if that has the same ring to it
but Chris Hanogram asks a question though
what version of the PSP is it?
Is it a 1000, 2000, 3000?
It's my old 1000 because I bought a 2000
I thought about breaking the 2000 because
the emulators run better on there, but
I can't do that
You know when you talk about like a cute little tabletop
thing made out of a PSP
device, I think back to
and I don't know if you guys remember this growing up
but they used to have tiny, tiny
little tabletop games, and they would be
versions of like Ms. Pac-Man
or Donkey Kong
and these old school 80's games
they weren't the actual game
but they were kind of like a step above
Game and Watch, where the lights would actually
be in color, but they actually put them in
a cabinet looking thing, and I think
these things were pretty expensive
they were probably
50, 60 dollars, which back in 1980
was a lot of money
Yeah, they were like 30 bucks now
I have pictures
Oh, you have pictures
You should upload some of these to our picture feed
It doesn't really show much of anything
I mean, right now other than there's a spider of wires
but here's what I finished before I left
real quick, you can see
I know, I know, but you can see where
it's going to be the actual
control panel
I'm looking at a picture of Loki's
cable modem, of which
it almost looks like the wired
six buttons into the cable modem
The cable modem box
It's just the box
Okay, are you going to paint over the box
No, it's going to be a box
It's going to be the most ghetto looking thing in the world
Exactly, that's the point
And you know what?
You need to send this to our picture blog
And you know what? Because I didn't
I told you, it's everything I had in the house
I don't have packaging tape to put this together
So I'm using duct tape
There's going to be duct tape all over
You need to use chicken wire too
I don't have any chicken wire, so it's just
You are making a PSP
MAME cabinet out of a PSP
Cardboard boxes and duct tape
And arcade spare parts
I have laying in my house
Wow, amazing
Hitstun's come around a little bit and says
this might be cool
See, now when you finish it
It's mini, you're going to have to bring it in here
Oh yeah, it's going to have a handle on it
This is assuming
that this all works after it's done
Like I said
I don't trust my soldering
This saved my life
I don't know how I managed to solder that mod chip
into my Wii
That was just some miracle that I worked there
And this is kind of the same type of thing
Those magnet wires are
really fragile and they'll break
out of there pretty quick
So hopefully I didn't cross anything
or bridge anything
Hopefully it works once I power it back up again
But if it does, then it should be good to go
Bochikawa in our chatroom says
Hey, guess what I got Loki for Christmas?
A box!
Well, at least it wasn't your you-know-what-in-a-box
like Justin Timberlake
Let's see, Pywish, big fan of duct tape
as a lot of our chatrooms are
duct tape fixes everything
I can't wait to see
It's like the force
It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the universe together
This thing is going to be awesomely bad
I can't wait to see it
Please, please post that picture to our picture blog
For your Twitter at least
Do you know how to log into the ULR Twitter?
I'll give you that info off here
Because obviously I'm not going to give you the password on here
It's...
Fire
Alright
DarkSakura, did you find that Gradius game
type game you were talking about earlier?
I did, it's called AX Raven Elite
And I'm going to post a link to it in the chatroom
You can go to rocketeergames.com
and give it a try
It's actually made by a local
Oh wow, very cool
Brad from PodCulture in our chatroom says
Step one
Put the PSP in a box
You should
Do like a parody video
Building your PSP MAME cabinet
Like called PSP in a box or something
There's something here
I originally, like when I originally was going to do
actually running MAME on there
I actually made a skin for the background
that looked like MAME but built out of cardboard
So that was kind of funny
But now this CPS2 emulator
doesn't really have that
Nobody else would do a Neo Geo emulator
Haven't decided yet
It really depends on which buttons that I've wired
work and which don't
Because that's really what it's going to come down to
Because if I'm missing any of the buttons
that I needed to work, it's just
trash
The whole thing is ruined
In which case, I do believe you should just set fire to it
Live on air
Alright, we'll make a little bonfire somewhere
I'll make it work
Maybe in DarkSakura's backyard, we'll move all the equipment
and burn the cabinet live on air
Doesn't that sound like fun?
I would rather take a crowbar to it like an office space
with some loud gangster rap
Maybe if it was a PSP Go inside
but PSP 1000 is still kind of valuable
Well I guess you bricked it
Not really, no it's not bricked
I mean it's just
Well
It could be fixed
I just don't care because I have another
PSP already and I wasn't using this
I mean the battery was dead
So yes to fire?
I'm not going to burn it
Yes to crowbar?
No
It'll work
Moving on so we can get to gaming news before midnight
Moving on to my gaming week
Not a whole lot of new stuff
but I will say that
I've been very enticed by Steam's
various deals that they've had this week
You might have seen it, I know Dekeman's been posting them
to our Twitter everyday
The Steam deals, and they're all over the game blogs
There's some really cool deals there on Steam
And one of them that I jumped on was Dragon Age Origins
was on sale for 25% off
So I think I paid like $37 for it
Considering it's like $59.99
on $360 or whatever
Getting that price on the PC wasn't that bad
So I kind of got into the game
and started playing it
But I couldn't really get
very far into it before I got highly
irritated because
my video card apparently
kind of sucks and is behind the time
and cannot run the game very well
even on it's lowest settings
Things I should have thought about before I plopped the money down for the game
Although maybe it's just a sign I need a new video card
I thought since I just bought my
computer new last year
that my video card would not suck that bad
but it was one of those, you know
gateway, everything's there
Gateway, yeah
But I thought when I bought it
there was something about the video card, it was supposed to be better than normal
but whatever
So sadly I can't give you a fair review
of Mage Origins just yet
That wouldn't be a very fair thing of me to review it
I will say this though
I was quickly immersed into the game
I did think they did a very good job
Bioware is kind of well known for this
Very good job of story telling
You know, the cut scenes that I did see
and the part of the game that I did play through
For anybody who's played the game
I rolled a mage
and I played through the first little test
that you have to do with the demon in the very beginning
You know, which obviously wasn't very long at all
which is why I don't want to give you a review
But I did feel very immersed in the game
and I thought the storytelling was done very well
And I did like the fact
you know, just like in Mass Effect
that you can kind of direct the conversations and so forth
Again, something that Bioware has done
very well for
They do very well
I was immersed in it
But I'll give you a longer review after I get a better video card
which is probably going to happen in the future
And the folks in chat
Tiger Claw say
Well, we know what to get Skye for Christmas
A brand new graphics card
I might just go buy that myself
You know, one thing about
I realize everybody's shopping, shopping, shopping
You gotta get all your shopping done before Christmas
But I noticed that all the sales I have gone
and spent money on have been on me
And it's all been clothes
I went to Macy's yesterday
And I bought
something that was half off
And I went to the outlets today and I bought clothes
because they were all cheap
Go to Old Navy
for their whole 3 AM rock band thing
Did you do any Black Friday at all, Loki?
I went to Radio Shack
That's because I couldn't find a screwdriver
So I went and bought another screwdriver
Well, I wouldn't think Radio Shack
was doing a huge Black Friday discount
No, there was no one in there
I had a feeling
Anyhow, so I went out
and bought a bunch of clothes
But I noticed with all these deals
I keep thinking maybe it's just selfish or whatever
But I'm also the type of person
I always do my Christmas shopping like on Christmas Eve
I'm just a huge procrastinator like that
And I never know what to buy, like tons of people
Let's see
Looking in the chat room
and seeing the comments there
RickyGoMac says, Get a Mac, Rob!
Gee, wonder why he might be suggesting a Mac
RickyGoMac
I don't know
I would love to get a Mac, but they're a little pricey
They're kind of the Mercedes Benz
of computers, you know what I mean?
I don't hate on Macs
I have an iPhone, that's great for Apple
But my one Mac laptop I did have
Unfortunately, it didn't last
And I was a little bit disappointed in that
So I don't know how I feel about the desktop
Tigerclaw says, Also, be sure your graphics card is an NVIDIA card
Oops
My one I have right now is an ATI Radeon
It doesn't matter
It doesn't matter at all
And I apologize if I'm pronouncing this incorrectly
Vanislucks in chat says,
Screw Macy's, they made my children cry
See, now I kind of want to know that story
I know that might be traumatic, but I kind of want to know
Was it Santa Claus that made your children cry?
Or did they not want to take something back?
I gotta
say my curiosity is piqued by that statement there
Alright, anyhow
We are going to move on and get into the show tonight
Joining us tonight in about
20 minutes or so
We're going to be speaking to an individual whose name is Brian Moreno
And you might not know him by name, but you might know
a video that he did that's on YouTube
this week
A LittleBigPlanet version
of Lady Gaga's Bad Romance
video, which you know, Lady Gaga
she's kind of started
a lot of controversy with some of her videos
and so forth, but obviously
that's what artists do, they make controversy
But we don't want to talk to him
so much about that end of it, but just
the fact that he put all this time
in LittleBigPlanet into this creation
and with LittleBigPlanet
and the community still being really huge
a year after the game was released
we thought tonight would be a good time to talk about that
So he'll be joining us a little later on
For now though, we're going to get into some gaming news
I did want to just give a quick plug
to our brand new Facebook, we just launched it
like a week and a half ago
www.facebook.com
slash orange lounge radio, all one word
Thank you guys so much for helping us get the 100 fans
we needed to get the short URL within a week
It's only been a week and we have like 160 fans
So thank you guys very much
That's very humbling and very cool
I don't know if there's really anything after 100
I think maybe if you get to a thousand
you get more statistics stuff
You don't get to evolve anymore?
I don't know, I don't know if there's any more evolving
I haven't really looked into it
I'll have to ask Seg, my buddy Seg that was on the show a couple weeks ago
promoting UmLoud, which is coming up by the way
He knows more about that stuff than I do
I wouldn't have even known about the short URL
if I didn't see him talk about it earlier
Anyway, let's get into some gaming news tonight
Loki, why don't you start us off
Well, Datel is kind of pissed
because you may remember
Microsoft blocked their
memory cards, their max memory
from working
with the last dashboard update
and of course
dashboard update came
and the max memory cards went
and unfortunately
they had a workaround
they said at one time, but
I don't think that
ended up working
Microsoft has taken steps to render
inoperable the
competing Datel memory card
for no visible purpose
other than to have the market
entirely to themselves
and this is the Datel
attorney Marty Glick
no relation to
the other Glick
lol
They've accomplished
their recent update by making
a system change that will not recognize
or allow the operation of a memory card
with greater capacity than their own
we believe that with the power
Microsoft enjoys in the market
for Xbox accessories
this conduct is unlawful
so they're kind of going with the whole monopoly thing
I don't really know
if they have grounds to stand there
since it is Microsoft's
hardware and I think that they
pretty much can say
who can make what for it
although I do agree I wish they did
have some other memory card options
because the Microsoft memory cards
and Microsoft hard drives
are way too fucking overpriced
we're talking like 120 gigabyte
hard drive for
$200 or $150
I mean shit you can get way bigger
drives for a lot cheaper
I got to admit this is tricky for me
and chat I'm really curious what you guys think about
this one because I'm really on the fence with this
because I understand
the whole Microsoft is
evil and they always have monopolies on
everything and they violated antitrust
before and all of this
I totally understand that side of the argument
and yeah they do charge way too much
considering that 120 gig hard drive
is dirt cheap
or even like a 512 megabyte
memory unit
for 50 bucks I mean when you can buy
4 gig thumb drives
for like $10
here's the part of it though
where I'm kind of with Microsoft
and that is that these
companies take huge losses
when they put out these consoles
when you buy a console from
Microsoft Sony
not Nintendo this time because
we know the Wii was not quite
the same technological level but in the past
they've taken a loss on their systems too
maybe it was a small loss this time I don't have the data
on that I don't think it was though
but you know Microsoft and Sony take a loss
on every console that they sell to you
they've got to make that money back other places
and that is usually through software
through licensed
products through the licenses and so forth
that's how they make their money back
so I can
sort of see where they have the right
to lock out the unauthorized products because
my fear is
let's say Datel wins this suit
and it
just opens the floodgates to all these unauthorized
devices that are going to be out there
the next round of consoles are going to cost through the roof
because companies are not going to want to take a loss on it
No I don't think that's going to happen
I mean they had a ton of unlicensed
products for the Playstation 2 and the Playstation 1
and you know how older
consoles and stuff
never really affected their system
and Sony also tried to charge out the ass for the PS3 when it first came out
and they were still claiming a loss
but we all lapped them off because we said
too damn much money yeah right
yeah but that's for other reasons entirely
except the hardcore fans of course
that's because hey let's throw in this really awesome
cutting edge cell processor hey let's throw in some blu-ray
technology hey let's throw in some other
crap that's why it's so expensive
and you know to their benefit
they also have allowed you know
their end user to upgrade the hard drive
because it's just a
normal hard drive but Microsoft
says fuck you guys we're just going to
put that normal hard drive inside of a case and then
charge you twice as much for it
that's all it really is it's just a fancy
little case storing a normal hard drive
so it's not like
it's a special technology
although it is encoded slightly different but
you know hell you can make your own hard drives
for the Xbox 360 I mean
there are programs out there to do that
if you really wanted to make your own
250 gigabyte hard drive you can do
that what about the fact though that a lot
of people well I shouldn't say a lot but there was
certainly a significant amount of people that were using these devices
for the cheat functionalities that you know
the SD cards importing the saves
inflating gamer scores cheating
and you know Microsoft is trying to protect
Xbox Live because you know they market it
as hey you're paying $50 a year
because we lock out this kind of
shit well you
can't really lock it out
permanently I mean they have all
those game saves and everything are now
I mean because originally they weren't
all signed to the profile so
yeah you could download game saves and
you know throw them onto your console and kind of
you know save it at a point right before an
achievement or something like that and boost your
achievement scores but now everything's signed
to your user
ID so unless you're
the actual user that made that save
you can't really use that save unless
you re-sign it on your computer
which you can do that and you don't really
need this memory card to do that so
it's really not an excuse it's just them
being dicks let me ask this follow up
question very plainly because Salacious Pop
asks this in chat and I kind of
want to know this too because
I kind of agree with his thought here he says
can't you put save games on like a thumb drive
it reads USB fine I
think I'm missing something no you can't
oh really I always assumed
you could because you can do like mp3s and
videos and all that if you can put it on a thumb drive
then it wouldn't fucking matter that they have their stupid little
memory cards but you can't because
you know obviously that'd be the easiest
route you wouldn't even buy this yeah yeah I guess
so I mean it makes sense now that you're saying it but
I just kind of always thought but then again
I've never tried to use it you know I'm not the type that
wants to cheat in games and all this and
and so forth you know
I never really thought to use this
yeah I never even owned a game genie
back in the day although I thought they were interesting
they were awesome yeah it's too bad we don't have
anything like that anymore you know what I mean everything got
too not anymore I mean it's all game
saves now remember
I always wondered how they found those
codes for game genie like did somebody
have to sit there and actually go
0 0 0 0 1 or
was it because of the fact it was hex decimal base
they could go into the programming and figure
it out did you ever like use they had cheat
programs similar to that on the PC
for cheating and stuff and basically it's
memory searches you okay
I have five
lives right now do a memory search for five
okay I die once do a memory search for
four I die again do a memory
search for three and what it does is it narrows
down those memory addresses until you get
the one that actually controls
you know the extra lives and boom there you go
and now you can change that value you freeze
the memory to 99 you have
infinite lives now and it's basically
that interesting okay that
makes sense uh salaciouspop follows up with
in chat okay I've run avi's off of thunder
drive before but never bothered with saves
I figured it was universal yeah I mean I
thought the same thing honestly I've just never thought
to try I just always assumed it would work yep
curiosity I don't even know if you know this
would a ps3 let you do it ps3
yes will let you put game saves on
a thumb drive interesting because they don't
sell memory cards it's it's all
open oh that's right it's all
you know thumb drives you know you can use whatever
you want but Sony fanboys if you haven't
thought to add that to your arsenal of
web forum
harassing there's something for you
their memory cards are just USB
drives basically I mean it's
just sign different and
they're shaped different they've got you know
but it's basically a UMD drive
or not UMD uh USB drive
uh sj100 matt in chat
asks uh or says basically I was really
hoping they were gonna drop the price of the HD's
this holiday season yeah kind of surprising they
didn't they're doing weird stuff
I don't know because they're now
trying to clear out those 20 gig hard drives that
they have a backlog of too so you're gonna see
remember how they have like the 60
gigabyte starter pack where it's like a three month
card and
you know some miscellaneous crap in there and then
the hard drive they're gonna be doing
the same thing with the 20 gig hard drive now too
so uh tiger klon chat
says uh do you mean a trainer
when you were talking about that memory scan
software for pc games you used a program
called a trainer you load the pc game first
then load the trainer program and it will
modify what's in the memory so you can run some cheats
from tiger klon uh no not trainer
but this is like predating all the trainers
and stuff this is you know because the trainer
usually is all it's all the hard works
done for you it's basically okay
hit button one to have
infinite ammo or something like that and those are nice
but I'm talking about something it was
actually just a program I mean this is back
you know floppies and shareware
days you know um
it was just a program that you'd run that basically
would work with any um
pc titles because it's just a memory search
function and uh
you can you know
do searches and stuff
on different values and I think like
the registered version of it or whatever had
ability to figure something
out with like life bars because life bars
are hard to determine since you don't know what
the actual number is it's just like kind of a percentage
so um
I don't know I mean this was like years ago
but yeah obviously now they have
trainers for everything
that come out so very interesting
quickly to kind of wrap this up and move on with
the show and Jaime, I don't know if you have a thought on
this either
how do you think this lawsuit is going to go?
do you think Deigon frame of view is going to be shit of luck
or do you think maybe they have something
with this whole monopoly
thing... No they are going to be shit of luck
they're going to be like
it's going to be well
you can make you know peripherals for us
but you just have to pay a licensing fee and we have to
approve it I don't know I don't think they're
going to win. Jaime agree
agree? I think it could go either way. To be honest, it's not like we haven't had other
peripherals be locked out before on certain systems. Like for example, I know that I couldn't
use certain third party controllers for certain games back in the day. I kind of look at it
as being along the same lines. However, it would really have to be a situation of, I
think it would have to be a situation of Microsoft it being on them to have some sort of check
in line for cheats instead of just locking out the storage device altogether. So really,
I could see a few things in Datel's direction. I've got to say, for me, either way, this
story sucks. Because if Datel wins, then I truly believe that's going to drive the price
of the consoles up and they're going to use that as justification. And if they lose, then
all those people who spent money on that device lose. Ultimately, the consumer loses. Let
the buyer beware. Anyhow, let's move on to some other gaming news here. I want to talk
about some news out of Capcom's camp. Two very different stories that have one thing
in common. Apparently, Capcom is working on ports of Final Fight and Magic Sword for Xbox
Live Arcade and PSN. Now, you might remember Final Fight. That was kind of like the side
scroller beat them up, double dragon-esque type of game. Very famous because when it
came out on Super Nintendo, it didn't have Guy. And a lot of people freaked out and that
caused them years later to release Final Fight Guy. Which I have. Oh, do you really? Final
Fight Guy was a Blockbuster exclusive. Oh, that's right. You could only get it by renting
it at Blockbuster. That's right, I remember that. And it came out, I think, a couple years
later. Or no, maybe actually a year later. But when it came out in Japanese packaging
too. Remember. I have it box book everything. Now what's weird about this is that actually
these two games apparently are going to come out together. Final Fight Double Impact is
what it's called because it's not just Final Fight, but Magic Sword comes with it as well.
I'm imagining the games must have run on the same arcade hardware, but I can't think of
like more different types of games. But I got to say, I know a lot of you may not have
heard of Magic Sword. This is one of my all-time favorite arcade games. We actually have this
at the Pizzeria near us. I loved Magic Sword. And they actually had a version of it on Super
Nintendo that was pretty badass. And it's one of the games that's going to be featured
on my box cabinet. Because it's a Capcom system, of course. And it's a PS2, yeah. Of course.
But for those of you that don't have the skill to build a cabinet out of boxes and duct tape.
You can also put it on any homebrew enabled PSP too, so they work pretty well. I read
you some more comments from chat. Apparently a lot of love for Magic Sword in the chat.
Rama's like, Magic Sword. VanisLux, I love Magic Sword. But weird pairing. And let's
see, SalaciousPop, my BFF and I spent like $25 on Magic Sword when we were 14. And after
the final boss, he accepted the orb instead of destroying it and became the new Dark Lord.
That's right. It was also one of those games that had like multiple endings. OMG spoilers.
I'm more excited about Magic Sword than I am Final Fight. Although I did love that game
too, I gotta say. But I will say this about Final Fight, is that apparently some of the
fighters in very familiar faces are making their way into Super Street Fighter 4. And
I have to admit, from what I do remember and love about Final Fight, I think this is awesome.
Cody and Guy are making their way to Super Street Fighter 4, according to the latest
issue of Famitsu Magazine. Also making an appearance, Dawn from Street Fighter Alpha.
So those were three new characters that were announced this week. I believe Cody's been
in a game before, because he was in Alpha 3. Yeah, Alpha 3. Also, he's going to be one
of the characters coming up in Street Fighter 4. Right, right. That's very cool, I think.
Well, I thought you were just talking about Final Fight. No, no. And this whole new crossover
is kind of interesting. I kind of miss the whole Alpha series of Street Fighter. That
all happened during that period of my life where I wasn't as into video games. So I never
really played those games. I never realized that they had the crossover. Although I do
remember Hagar, the mayor, in Saturday Night Slam Masters, which was also a completely
underrated Capcom classic. We had that at my arcade that I worked at. That was the ultimate
pizzeria arcade game. I loved that game. Also on there. Shut up. Let's see, Rama asked in
chat real quick, before we get to another story here, anyone remember Mighty Final Fight?
I do. Wasn't that the version that was on the NES as opposed to the Super Nintendo?
Yeah, it wasn't like all kind of super deformed. It was all the chibi characters. What was
an 8-bit port, you know? Yeah, I remember that game. Obviously it wasn't as great because
it was an 8-bit port. But Dark Sakura, why don't you do one more story for us, then we're
going to get to our interview tonight. That's right, we do have it coming up. But how about
some PC news? Please. Okay. Well, Valve is basically sticking their tongue out and waggling
it at all the people that are boycotting Steamworks. Which I'm actually laughing. They're saying
basically that any digital distributors who are boycotting PC games because they come
with Steamworks services are missing out on an opportunity. They're actually saying that...
Let's see, different companies like Direct to Drive, Impulse and Gamersgate that didn't
want to sell Modern Warfare 2 because it had the Steamworks tools acting as a storefront
for Steam. But they're saying that if you make a good game it should be out through
as many channels as possible. It is kind of interesting though that so many people are
up in arms about it, but I also kind of get it. When you get all this included software
you don't ask for, that can get really annoying. For instance, when I download programs off
the internet like Google Earth, maybe I'll download Google Earth, they try to install
that Google toolbar on my system. That's not what I ask for. Whenever you download iTunes,
it tries to install Safari on your system. I didn't ask for fucking Safari, I wanted
iTunes. I do find that kind of shit annoying. I realize maybe it's a little different because
Steamworks directly does relate to the games, but I can kind of see their point. When you
get these things you didn't ask for that even eat up 1K of memory, it's a bit of an annoyance.
What the word is, is that they've actually based the inclusion of it on what customers
have asked for, and that they've actually sold the games as well through Steam as they
have in the stores, especially Modern Warfare 2.
Reddertainment in our chatroom at chat.orangeleiser.com says, I call for a boycott of the boycott.
Perhaps that's something that needs to start, I don't know.
You know what, I say if people don't want it, don't get it. If people want it, get it.
Who cares, you can uninstall the shit.
VaniceLux in our chat says, those distributors that didn't carry Modern Warfare 2 cut themselves
out of a crap load of money, and that's about all the effect it had.
Pretty much.
Goldanthro wants to point out not only Safari, but also QuickTime. I give him a buy on that
because the movies that play in iTunes when you download movies and TV shows, which is
an integral part of the system, are in a QuickTime proprietary format.
I, however, refuse to install Safari. Safari is ass on a PC.
Yeah, it's just not as good on a PC as it is on a Mac. Great on a Mac, not on a PC.
Well, you know what part of the problem is, is that it actually tries to, instead of actually
installing a font and having it default to that, you know, like Firefox does all that,
it actually tries to emulate so that you're, it does a weird thing, but it eats a lot of
memory and it's really hard to use.
It's very interesting, though, that these, it's always these browsers, these browsers
now that try to install, because it's that and Google Chrome, too, keeps trying to install
it.
I hate Chrome.
I'm not a fan of it either.
I hate Chrome.
I'm all about Firefox. People, I'm glad there's choices now, you know, whereas it's not Internet
Explorer seeing me to dominate as much as they used to. I mean, I know they still are
the number one, but not nearly the hold they used to have.
Firefox is, it actually is a lot more secure now in general than Internet Explorer is and
has a lot more functionality.
A lot of places are really starting to embrace it over, you know, Internet Explorer.
I mean, you saw what happened to Netscape.
Netscape's gone.
Yeah, it's true.
But that kind of turned into Firefox, didn't it?
I think the Mozilla thing kind of, you know, kind of like a copy of a copy of a copy type
of thing, you know?
Well, and, you know, and keep in mind, too, we know how they tried to do Betamax, Betamax
didn't catch on.
Some of these didn't catch on.
But now our preferred format is Blu-ray.
So I could see that.
Anyhow, we got to move on because we actually have a rare live interview tonight.
A lot of times our interviews are pre-taped, but we actually have a live interview tonight.
But I have to ask you guys, especially here in studio, how many of you guys have seen
this video that's floating around YouTube right now?
It's this little version of Bad Romance, but it actually has the chibi little Sackboy characters.
And I don't know how many of you have seen the actual Lady Gaga video, but this actually
parodies the video.
Isn't this cool?
Thanks to you and Megzi, I've seen both.
So in the end, obviously, it's this little video that kind of parries using these Sackboy
characters.
And it's kind of gone viral this week.
Very interesting.
The whole thing was created by this gentleman, Brian Moreno.
And you know, his little big plan has been continuing to grow via the online co-op mode
that you've heard about this week.
And after one year of release, the online community is still going.
And I think a lot of us kind of poo-pooed at Media Molecule when they said last year
when this game came out, oh, we're not going to be thinking about a sequel right away.
What we want to do right now is we're going to focus a lot on making LittleBigPlanet bigger.
But they actually delivered on that.
We kind of rolled our eyes and thought, yeah, right.
Next year, they're going to announce LittleBigPlanet 2.
But they've actually continued to make good on that.
And I think this video going viral is just kind of an example of that.
So this video, which you can find, LittleBadRomance, YouTube user BrianRDM, it was on YouTube.
Then it got posted to NeoGAF, which is this huge, huge gaming forum.
I'm sure you've heard of it.
Then it spread through Twitter, through Facebook.
That's where I found it.
An OLR member posted it on their Twitter.
That's where I found it.
And then it got coverage on Kotaku, other blogs, so forth.
And ironically, Lady Gaga, she's also big right now.
She just started a big tour of hers last week.
50,000 views on YouTube tonight, just about 50,000, just shy of it.
So we want to get Brian Moreno here on the show to talk a little bit about this and about
the LittleBigPlanet community.
So we're actually going to give him a call right now.
Hopefully he is standing by.
So we're firing up the telephone.
And again, this is a rare live interview.
So please bear with us as we have Brian on the line.
Hello?
Hi, is this Brian?
This is Brian.
Hey, Brian.
How you doing?
It's Rob from Orange Lounge Radio.
How are you guys?
We are doing great.
We were just kind of checking out your video here in studio, looking at it, the little
bad romance.
Congratulations on the success.
About 50,000 views now, huh?
I know.
It's pretty mind-blowing.
Did you ever think that this was going to catch on as big as it did?
Me and my friend were actually talking about this yesterday.
We thought maybe 1,000, 2,000 modest views, a laugh between ourselves.
And then all of a sudden, the second day it was posted, it was number three most viewed
in its category in Russia and 95th most viewed on YouTube that day.
It was pretty amazing.
I had no idea it was going to go that far.
You know, it's very interesting because we've been the subject of some of that viral stuff
before too, especially the whole president cat ordeal a couple of months ago.
It's always interesting to see what kind of stuff the internet spreads like wildfire and
what doesn't.
It's fascinating, I got to say.
And if you guys have questions for Brian in our chat room, head on over to chat.orangelodgeradio.com
so you can be in the chat room and we'll ask a couple of questions from you guys to Brian.
But I got some questions for you.
First off, I got to know Brian.
Obviously Lady Gaga is huge, people love this new album, she has these super fans.
People get on YouTube and they do karaokes, they dance, do whatever interpretive thing
to Bad Romance.
What made you decide, I'm going to do a tribute, but I'm going to do it in Little Big Planet?
It was actually like a mixture of many things.
I work one of my city gigs as a club photographer here in Orange County.
And October last year, I actually had an opportunity to photograph and meet Lady Gaga.
It was right before her career exploded and she was the nicest person I've ever met.
It was 2 a.m., the show was over, fans were outside of her trailer and security was leaving.
And she said it herself, she's like, I'm going to be here until I take a picture and take
an autograph for everyone, everyone.
You know, she does something like that recently too.
I heard it like a Best Buy in LA that all these people came out and she said, I'm not
leaving until I sign all your stuff.
She's great about her and her fans and I thought she was the greatest person since I met her.
And then with the release of The Fame Monster, I mean, I've been hooked on that album.
I think it's so much better than her original release.
And then when it came to Little Big Planet, I had been a fan of it since it had been announced
D3, how many years ago, and just the ability to be able to create whatever you want and
how accessible it was to everyone.
Me being a fan of those two, it just seems like the perfect recipe for something that
would go far, that would have long legs.
So it just kind of worked out in your mind, I like this, I like this.
What happens when we throw them together?
Some could say that's the same way the show started.
I know Jamie, remember it was about, hey, I like video games and we do amateur radio,
let's do a radio show about video games.
Well, to paraphrase the quote is two great tastes that go great together.
Exactly.
I got a question for you, Brian, how long did this whole thing take?
Because I got to say, one thing that impressed me when I saw this video is I was thinking,
wait a minute, that because I'll admit anyone that's been listening to the show a long time,
I'm a big old fan of Lady Gaga, I think she's great.
And in fact, I'm not going to be here at the show on December 13th, because I'm going to
Monster Ball.
I'm going to be more excited.
But I was going to say, that video came out like Tuesday, and this video seemed like it
was on the internet, like not even 10 days later.
How long did this whole thing take you to put together?
Hours and hours and hours and hours.
I was in fear of my 60 gigabyte PlayStation hitting the dirt, I was afraid of it dying
how much I was on it.
It was honestly maybe a good 48, 64 hours total, it was just trial and error on making
those costumes and matching it with the video and making the set pieces and doing what I
could with the tools that I had provided.
Was anyone helping you out with it?
Because I noticed in a lot of the scenes, it seems like there were always three Sackboys.
So was that just you kind of coordinating three controllers, or would you have a couple
more inside of you?
More incidentally, I didn't have three hands.
So I ended up getting another friend to do the backup dancers, while I really tried to
focus on the Gaga Sad Girl herself.
So I did have some help in terms of just the actual dancing, but I mean in set pieces and
costume design, it was just me and the PlayStation and me treating it to friends or facing it
to friends to see how well they thought it matched up.
Now, this is kind of a subjective question here, but would you say that the two of you
tools that Media Molecule gives you in LittleBigPlanet made this process easy?
I mean, I know you talked about it takes hours and hours, but it takes hours and hours to
build a really good level in LittleBigPlanet too.
Do you think you have the tools you needed to produce this video good, or do you think
there was something that Media Molecule could have given you that would have made this whole
thing easier?
I think that the process, it went well, but I did discover limitations that I did not
know existed in the game.
A lot of the issues was hair with me, because hair for me, I wanted to get the right colors
and really differentiate from the Gaga Sad Girl.
And one of the problems is, for a lot of the hairstyles, you can't actually change the
hair color.
So the way I had to go around that was using stickers and carefully putting colored stickers
on the hair.
But another limitation in that is, it seems that items only have a maximum of three stickers
that you can place on an object before it will erase the first one put in and put in
the new one.
On top of that, it was too deep, a 2.5D perspective game, and you couldn't get the camera right
in some ways that you could, especially in close-ups.
And the way I found a way around that is, when you go open the pop-it menu and go to
the Customize Sackboy option, it zooms in the camera to maximize the screen on your
Sackboy.
And when you press circle and get out of that, the camera stays on that perspective.
So that's how I was able to get a lot of the close-ups, because the camera tools that they
give you don't get that close.
Well, there's a tip for other aspiring video makers out there.
Speaking of which, was this really the first thing you really did in LittleBigPlanet, or
have you made levels before, or have you done other projects, and this is just the first
one everybody seems to notice?
I fooled around with LittleBigPlanet back in the beta, and I made a kind of in-sight
joke level for one of the websites that I'm a forum member for, thenextlevel.com.
But after that, I really didn't have the time, and so many other great games are coming out,
but it was always in the back of my head that I always wanted to do something with LittleBigPlanet.
And that was just, with the Gaga and LittleBigPlanet, me wondering what would happen with those
two, I went out and bought a capture device, and I was like, I'm going to do this, I'm
going to take my time, and I'm going to make sure I make something great.
Wait, wait, wait, are you saying you bought the video capture device just for this project?
Just for this project.
That is dedication.
Well, you know, since Lady Gaga is so generous to her fans and so forth, do you think there
might be a chance she's seen it?
I actually have no idea if she's seen it.
I hope she does.
And I spammed her Twitter every time I post the link to that video.
I do know for sure that some people in Media Molecule have seen it, because if you go on
their official YouTube page, it is one of their favorites.
Oh, well, very cool.
Hey, at least you got one half of the equation that's a fan of it.
You should definitely take a compliment from that.
Well, my thought is that maybe if Gaga does see it, she could contribute some of her outfits
to the game, and then we'd have a huge variance in some of the costumes we have.
I don't know.
I hope Media Molecule gets me on that, because I'll help anyone I need to to get those costumes
done right.
Awesome.
Well, hey, you're kind of the perfect guy to ask about this, because you said you were
in the beta in all this, too.
And we were just talking before you came on the air about how LittleBigPlanet, a lot of
us didn't really believe Media Molecule a couple years ago, or I should say a year ago
when this game first came out, that they weren't going to just jump right in and do LittleBigPlanet
2.
They came out and said, no, we're going to continue to support LittleBigPlanet, and they've
really made good on that promise to a lot of our surprise, a very pleasant surprise.
What do you think it is about the game that keeps this community going strong a year after
the game is out?
Is it all these constant updates?
Is it the fact that people keep building these pop culture references?
What is it?
I think, overall, it's very charming to look at, and it's very peculiar to look at.
There's nothing else really out there like that.
But most of all, I really feel that it's, you know, the players really feel like they
are part of the game, and that they can contribute to this larger whole of what is LittleBigPlanet.
I almost feel like once Media Molecule and Sony released LittleBigPlanet, it left their
hands and it was everyone.
Everyone could contribute, everyone could build, and it's kind of just grown into something
that Sony and Media Molecule could never have done themselves.
Okay.
That would be cool.
Well, hey, I want to take some questions from our chat room here.
And Redertainment has a question for you, and says, what song will you make a video
for next?
And he makes a suggestion of Guitar Hero by Amanda Palmer, who must be a favorite artist
of his.
I guess that's a really good question to ask.
After all of this, is this going to be a regular thing for you?
Are you going to continue to make more videos, or is this kind of like a one-shot thing?
You know what?
I'm going to just enjoy this and move on to other projects.
What this video was, was a part of a whole of a project that I was doing actually for
one of my college classes.
I'm about to graduate finally.
And it was kind of about context and what would happen if I took something and put it
in somewhere, something else, what would happen.
The next part of this series, I guess I'll give you a little exclusive right now, my
next video, using LittleBigPlanet and kind of going along with these pop references is
going to be remaking the New Moon trailer, which if there's anything bigger, then God
got it to New Moon.
Fair enough.
All right.
Wow.
Along with that, I'd love to continue doing stuff with LittleBigPlanet.
With Neil Gaff, I promised them that if this made it on any gaming blocks, that I would
go along and do some of their music video requests.
So some of them that they've requested are Thriller and White Wedding.
So really going to have to see if those are possible, because I did stretch the limits
and really got really creative with what I was given to be able to get the costumes as
close as they could look.
You know, I got to say, it's getting a lot of mixed feedback in our chat room.
You're getting some LOLs and XDs, and then of course the Do Not Wants and so forth for
the New Moon trailer.
But I like this from Tigerclaw.
How are they going to make a Sackboy turn into a wolf?
And Botikawa says, roll full sparkly and wolf Sackboys.
So I guess we'll see, huh?
Mm-hmm.
Well, you know, if this whole thing was for school, I hope to hell you get an A or else
I hope so.
You got robbed.
You play this for your professor.
Give Brian an A. He earned it.
This will actually be part of the package that I turn into him.
This will be.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Well, there you go.
Hey, Brian, one thing we like to ask everybody we have on the show, just a standard question
for all the guests, because we always ask it to ourselves at the top of every show.
What video games have you been playing this week, now besides LittleBigPlanet, of course?
The matter is what haven't I been playing this week.
I've been playing Dizzidia, Final Fantasy on the PSP.
I'm not too sure about that one.
When I played it at E3 earlier this year, I was kind of, I had no idea what was going
on, but I'm getting used to it.
I'm really enjoying it.
It's a really big fan service.
On top of that, playing the original Left 4 Dead, because I already bought Left 4 Dead
2 on Black Friday to have me finish the first one.
And O'Meara Friend also went to the 3 a.m. Old Navy Black Friday opening, and he got
herself a copy of Little Rock Band.
So we've been rocking out with that, with Elton John and Vampire Weekend.
Very cool.
I was debating doing that, but I was like, ah, I don't want to fight all those people
at 3 in the morning, so props to you for doing that.
Very interesting, too, because Lego Rock Band's another game with very cute-looking avatars.
You think you might have to have something there with Lego Rock Band and making fan videos?
The thing with Lego Rock Band is, for me, I really need those tools, and as far as I've
seen, Lego Rock Band doesn't give me anywhere close to what Little Big Planet does.
Very true.
In terms of the create and being able to have some control.
Besides Little Big Planet, I am going to start looking into Uncharted 2, because I'm ever
hearing there's a movie-making mode where you can do all kinds of camera tricks and
lip-syncing, I believe, is in there.
Honestly, what I can do with that, I'm really trying to get into the electronic format and
the electronic creative ways to continue this project beyond just the school project and
the assignment requirements.
Well, Brian, it sounds like you're going to be able to use this as kind of a launch of
future Mashima and types of movies based around video games, so props to you.
Where can the listeners keep tabs on you and your future projects?
The easiest way is going onto my website, www.brianmarino.com.
You can find me on YouTube at youtube.com slash brianrdm.
Those will be the quickest and easy ways to keep up on any of the work I do.
All right, and stay tuned there for the soon-to-come Little Big Planet New Moon trailer, which
you heard about here on OLR First.
Thank you so much, Brian.
I appreciate that exclusive and everything else.
And best of luck to you in your future endeavors.
Yeah, thank you, guys.
I want to thank you guys, Kotaku, NeoGaf, The Next Level, all the listeners on Orange
Lounge Radio, everyone on YouTube, Lady Gaga, everything, because without all of you guys,
this wouldn't be anywhere close to what it was.
Well, I'm glad we can kind of make your day with all of this.
And you know what?
I really smiled and got a good laugh in a really positive way out of the video when
I first saw it, so I'm glad we can kind of turn it around back to you.
Excellent.
Thank you, guys.
All right.
Take care, Brian.
Have a good one.
Take care, guys.
Bye.
Bye.
Well, that was fun.
He definitely sounds like he's going to kind of use this to kind of start something else.
And although, you know, this may be the one that's really big and maybe the other ones,
but I don't know.
I mean, that one was so good.
And he's right.
It was very well done.
No, I was quite impressed.
Whether I like it or not, you know, I like Gaga, but I don't like Twilight nearly as
much.
But-
I'm actually looking forward to seeing how that pans out.
I love parodies.
He's right.
The only thing bigger than Gaga is Twilight, so why the hell not?
So yeah, you're totally right.
Who doesn't love a good Weird Al song no matter what it is he's parodying, right?
Oh, he should do a Weird Al video.
Hopefully he's listening.
Hopefully he's still listening.
Seriously?
A Weird Al one?
That would be good.
There you go.
All right.
Well, that was fun.
All right.
Let's move on.
We've got some more news here before we get to our classic game of the week, and then,
of course, part B tonight, 7 o'clock here in California, 10 o'clock for those folks
on the East Coast, but plenty more show to come.
So, Loki, what's up next?
As we alluded to in our intro, although the podcast won't be privy to that, New York
State apparently now has teamed up with Microsoft to issue emergency alerts via Xbox Live, kind
of similar to, I guess, the Amber Alerts that we have and other emergency broadcasts and
stuff.
They're going to let you know if there's a natural disaster, a terrorist attack, you
name it, whatever requires them to do it.
I just hope they don't do the tests with that, and I also hope they don't have that
annoying beep that goes with it.
A message to me might be fine, but, man, I hate watching TV, and all of a sudden there's
like an Amber Alert thing going on, and all the audio cuts out, and it's like, dude,
I'm inside my house.
I'm not going to see some guy driving around with his stolen child in my house, okay?
Plus, that's kind of the concern I would think about Amber Alerts is that the more
you use it, the more desensitized people get to it, right?
Does that make sense?
If you saw an Amber Alert every hour on the TV, you would stop paying attention to them.
So you really have to use a device like this, and I don't know, we're using Amber Alert.
Is that the type of thing they're talking about here, kidnapped kids?
It's mainly emergency broadcast system stuff.
Mainly I think it's because New York and the whole 9-11 thing.
I'm sure other states are probably looking into something like this too.
I'm sorry.
Do you know if the gaming consoles are exactly a good platformer for that?
Because most people would be like, ah, goddammit, who's messaging me now?
I'm going to go finish this game first.
You know, terror alert, you know, death and imminent.
It's like, ah.
The Vs have arrived.
Get out of town.
The bombing's gone off already.
That bothers me, Rob.
Why?
I know I don't like using, okay, that's like seriously my big pet peeve with that
show is them calling them the Vs that, no.
The whole point of the V in the original series was the reference to World War II.
Okay, okay, but you know in the new one they got the whole thing, I know, I know, all right.
But I mean regardless, all joking aside, I got to say though, you know, when they originally
incorporated the emergency broadcast system, wasn't it kind of a similar deal?
You know, people use their free time playing TV, or playing TV, watching TV, and so the
emergency broadcast system would alert those people who aren't glued to the radio or going
outside.
I mean this kind of makes sense in a way.
I think that they use this tastefully like, hey, there's a fucking fire right by you
right now.
You know, it might be a good idea to get the fuck out and stop playing your game.
I actually don't think it's a bad idea, but again, it's just about how much they
use it.
Because if it's an AMBO alert every other hour, people are going to get pissed off.
But if it's for like big stuff, like you need to leave your home.
You need to evacuate or something.
If it's an absolute emergency like that, they have a way to call all the phones and
have an automated message play so you can pick up your phone.
Because most people might not be playing like a game console.
You know, hey, what's that crackling rumbling sound?
Oh, hey, it's fire!
Awesome!
I'm going to play one more level.
It's far enough away.
I don't know.
It's just, it's a neat idea.
It's just interesting to see how it's implemented.
I think it's going to be just about as effective as it is on TV.
Which is, if you're like me, that's the time that I go get a snack.
Because that noise isn't, oh god, I hate it.
SSJ100Matt in our chat took the words right out of my mouth.
The next step would be announcements and wow.
But then again, those people won't leave their homes anyway.
Hey, wait a minute, wait a minute.
I resemble that remark.
Thank you very much.
Janai in chat, yes, it just goes in the next time.
We interrupt this wow raid for this important Amber Alert.
And again, guys, I'm not trying to belittle Amber Alerts.
Obviously, it's an important thing.
But I think that type of thing works best on the highway, where the cars are, on the
signs on the highway.
On the TV in my home, I'm not likely to see white Honda Civic license plate whatever driving
by.
I'm not as likely to be receptive to that as I would be.
But if it's for a big thing, like town being evacuated, then yeah, you need to have your
game paused for this emergency message.
But it's all about in how they use it for me.
That's my opinion anyway.
I don't know.
DarkSaga, how would you feel if you were playing a game and then suddenly, a little message
comes up, fire, get out?
Well, if there was really a fire, then I'd be like, thank you.
But if it was just like, what?
I'd be like, GTFO my game.
Or if it was like, fire in Bakersfield, and then you're like, well, it's like five hours
away.
Sucks to be there.
Do not give a crap.
I mean, sucks to be people in Bakersfield, but don't know.
That's what I would worry, especially if it's like a statewide thing.
I would want to have it be my specific zip code maybe.
That might be more appropriate.
The chat room collectively, I'm just kind of attributing this to several people in the
chat room, seem to think that the iPhone is a good idea for these types of alerts.
And I've heard that talk before too, is alerts through text message, which I think could
be very effective.
That'd be awesome.
And then I get charged text messaging.
Not if you have an iPhone.
Well, and your carrier doesn't charge.
I know even when I had Sprint and I got charged for every message on my plan, they didn't
charge for messages they sent.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And I wouldn't think those would get charged.
But a lot of times, though, it's built into your iPhone plan to have like a certain number
of...
Or even if it...
A little app you could download that's like an alert app or something.
It might not have the same impact, though, than just sending it for a text message.
Just send it to your email.
They just have stuff that goes to your email.
And then, of course, as the J-100 Map makes the joke, Nintendo will send their Amber Alerts
through friend codes.
So an Amber Alert will look like 012463.
Anyhow.
All right, hey, speaking of WoW came up in that last story, and WoW is the attention
this week of a lawsuit.
That's right.
$1 million in a complaint against Activision Blizzard over the design of World of Warcraft.
This complaint says that the publisher maintains a, quote, harmful virtual environment to many
of its customers by forcing them to follow the game's sneaky and deceitful practices.
Well, now, what would you think about this lawsuit if I told you it was filed by Eric
Estavio?
That's right.
The guy who filed the lawsuit against Sony.
And the judge basically laughed it out of court.
So he went and sued Microsoft and Nintendo, which we reported on last week.
And this week, now he sued Activision Blizzard over this one.
Oh, by the way, as part of this case, Estavio has subpoenaed actress Winona Ryder and Depeche
Mode's Martin Lee Gore to testify on his behalf.
Because apparently, I don't even want to get into it.
It's just as ridiculous as it sounds.
Does that mean they have to actually show up?
I don't know.
I think he just wanted to meet them.
I'm reminded of that scene from Clerks, the animated series, where they subpoena George
Lucas in the courtroom, which, didn't this whole topic-
I want my money back.
Didn't this topic come up on the show like just two weeks ago?
Last week.
Well, here it is again, probably for the same fucking guy.
Yes, it was.
And that's just exactly what it sounds like.
I want my eight dollars back.
That's exactly what it sounds like.
I mean-
Someone sued him.
Hey, let's have a class action lawsuit against that guy.
For ruining all of the news sites that we- for having such an impact on the gaming culture
and the game blogs?
For mental anguish that someone could be that stupid.
Watch out or we might get sued next.
Of course, you can't get blood out of a turnip.
We don't have any money.
Good luck.
I'd take him to court.
I'd fight it all the way.
No, check this out.
Check this out.
If he sued us, then we could actually petition for damages for cost if-
I'd counter sue.
Just would win.
And then we'd have money to advertise a show.
That'd be awesome.
We would.
Here's my thought.
Okay-
Buy a studio.
In all seriousness, though, okay, this is the point where you rela- I mean, last week
we were asking this, but now you really have to ask, why is he doing this?
Is it just a tour?
Or is it just he's trying to be collecting all the money?
But like, I would be with you on the whole he's doing it just for the money until I heard
he's subpoenaed Winona Ryder and Depeche Mode because now I'm like, okay, this guy's just
cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs.
But how do you have money to pay?
I mean, is he getting these lawyers that are just like, you know-
I mean, your average lawyer is not gonna probably follow up with this stuff because there's
no payout for it.
I mean, unless this guy's gonna pay him, you know, to do this stuff, I'm assuming that
he's expecting the, you know, win this stuff to, you know, cover his lawyer fees.
But I don't know.
It's like there's so little grounds.
It's like it would be such a high risk case for a lawyer.
If I was an attorney, I would think that it would be damaging to my reputation to take
such a frivolous case like this.
And some people in our chat are invoking the name of Lord Voldemort, which you might remember
is a certain lawyer.
His name rhymes with Jack Fuckhead-Ompson.
That we call him Lord Voldemort here on the show.
A few folks invoking that name, dude, this guy is starting to make Lord Voldemort look
good.
Like, really?
Like, at least you kind of knew what Lord Voldemort was thinking.
Well, it's not like you could hire him.
Right?
It's just so weird.
Anyway, and I just, I really would like to find this guy and shoot him with a water gun.
I have to admit, I kind of want him on the show.
Has this guy made a comment publicly?
I don't think he's made any type of comment publicly.
You know, all these blogs are reporting on it when really he should just be banned.
If you pay the town fool no mind, he will just go away and, you know, entertain himself
in his house.
But everybody likes the town fool that jumps around and makes an ass of himself.
But I would kind of like to hear his side of it, like, you know, and I'm willing to
give him a fair shot if he'll present himself professionally.
Isn't he serving as his own lawyer?
I believe he is.
Don't they say a man who has himself as a lawyer has a fool for a client or something
like that?
What was that line there from Addams Family?
Well, by God, I am that fool!
Yes, exactly.
I love that movie.
Me too.
By the way, totally off topic and I don't care.
Did you hear that it's going to be a stage play soon with Nathan Lane as Gomez and Bebe
Neuwirth as Morticia?
I'm just saying.
Epic epicness.
Nathan Lane?
I can't see that.
I'm sorry.
It's a little weird, but let's face it, Raul Julia ain't here no more.
So if they're going to go with this comic Broadway angle, why not?
You know, I don't know.
Anyway.
He's a little chubby for, you know.
Maybe he's worked out.
But anyway, Ricky Gomack says about this guy, he just wants to get on Oprah before she's
gone.
This might be the way to do it.
I don't know.
And then who was it that said that we should go settle this?
Oh, here it is.
Amaze Atsuma.
Skye, sue him so you can be on the people's court.
Yeah.
If this guy does, for whatever reason, sue us, even though we're totally under our rights
to comment on what is a public news story, for whatever wacky reason, although I don't
see it happening, we were to get sued, I would only agree to settlement on the people's court
under Judge Millon because, or Judge Millon, she would tear him a new butthole.
And you know, you don't fuck with her.
I don't know if you've ever watched the new people's court, but she's amazing.
Just saying.
You know, I remember the people's court back in the day when it was Judge Wapner.
Oh yeah, I remember that too.
Back in the day.
I remember that too.
You always waited for the day he was going to send somebody to the electric chair, but
it never happened.
I don't think they can.
No, you can't.
They'd make an exception.
That's not the way TV court works, but you know sometimes there were just those people
on the show that you wish would get the death penalty.
No, sir, you can't do that, but you know what, I'm going to make this exception this one
time.
Alright.
I vote for hanging.
You know what, part of me just wants to ban this guy from the show.
What do you think?
Are we going to report on this guy ever again?
Actually, you know what I want to do?
What?
I want to publicly humiliate him.
Well, isn't he kind of doing that for himself?
No, I'm not.
I didn't mean it like that.
I mean, I meant mock, like apart from just what we're doing on the show.
Again, is there anything additional we could lend to the rest of the internet?
Well, we can make a big, well, I'm saying like we could use, are there pictures of this
guy around?
Probably not.
We could totally make lolcat stuff out of this guy.
Or we'll get Brian to help us make a LittleBigPlanet level.
Yes!
We've got $10 with your name on it because we have no money.
It could be a level in LittleBigPlanet where OLR goes to the people's court with Eric,
and it's about our adventures of traveling to judge me on it.
We will provide a voice talent with Judge Mr. Spanky.
Seriously, that would be fun.
Now, I'm in the mood to do something silly, like I'm tired of making lol Sims.
So I want to do something funny.
We'll have to brainstorm off air.
Maybe if the chatters have an idea, you can email us at mailbagorangelawnsherd.com, especially
if you have LittleBigPlanet skills, because I'm loving this idea.
Alright, yes, ActDeaf has the perfect name for it, LittleBigLawsuit.
How perfect!
What a perfect name for this whole story.
Alright, anyhow, DarkSakura, please change the subject.
What I like to ever.
How about Konami?
Because we like Konami!
Yeah, Konami, you know, they've had their ups and downs over the year, but you know
what, they gave us DDR, and without it we would have never met, so they'll always have
a place in my heart.
Well, they've also given us Castlevania, or as it's known, Demon Castle Dracula.
And now this statement put out by Dave Cox, who's an executive with Konami, is basically
talking about Castlevania Lords of Shadow, and saying that it's a big departure.
So they're a little nervous about how it's going to be received.
It's going to be a free sort of game, as in you have a free roaming world, you can move
through different areas.
There's also supposed to be pretty A-list voice credits added in there, too.
But they're a little nervous because it's going to be a different kind of Castlevania.
Wasn't this the one that had, like, Patrick Stewart in it?
Ian McClellan.
Oh, okay.
Sorry.
What?
Your mic's not on.
Turn the mic on.
Mic is on.
You know what?
Oh, okay.
That was weird, you weren't picking up for some reason.
No.
Oh, weird.
It was the ghost.
Apparently.
You read, I'm sorry, go back to the last story, you read what the lawsuit was about, right?
About the whole fact that it takes over people's lives.
No, it doesn't take over people's lives.
He's complaining that because the speed of which you walk or run in the game is too slow
and therefore it takes you longer to finish quests, therefore causing you to have to pay
longer and longer subscriptions in order to finish the quest in the game.
That was his complaint.
That's even dumber than, you know, it being addicting.
You know what?
I would almost not be, like, so pointing and laughing at this guy, again, if it weren't
for the one owner writer and Depeche Mode subpoenas because that's where you went from
just petty to batshit crazy, in my opinion.
And I have a right to state my opinion.
All right.
Sorry.
No, that's okay.
But I want to go back to Castlevania because, you know, I'm nervous about this new Castlevania
game too because, let's face it, there hasn't been, in my opinion, a really, really, really
memorable, keyword memorable, Castlevania game since Symphony of the Night.
And I realize the DS ones were decent and the, above decent, they were pretty good.
And you know, the PS2 one was decent, but there hasn't been one that's just been effing
awesome like the Nintendo one.
Order of the Clesia was pretty freaking rad.
I love that game.
I don't know.
Did you play it?
Yeah, a little bit.
A little bit.
Did you play it a lot bit?
Okay.
A half bit.
A half bit.
I think that was one of the games I played when I was really sick last year, so.
But I knew what you were getting at.
Order of the Clesia was hard, it was actually a challenge to play.
Especially if they're taking this series in a whole new direction, but at the same time,
Symphony of the Night, which is, I would easily put, in one of my top five video games of
all time, was a new direction for Castlevania.
I know what will save the series.
What's that?
More Richter.
More Richter.
Sorry.
We need another Dracula X.
Dark Sakura?
What?
You don't belong in this world.
Bah.
Anyhow, let's move on to get some release dates, travel the world, and see what's coming
out in your neck of the woods.
Yep.
There's some stuff coming out this week, actually.
The first, well I should say the last good week before the end of the year.
There's a few other things coming out the rest of the year, but this is kind of the
big hurrah before the end of the year.
So first thing first, we've got Avatar coming out on pretty much everything.
PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and PSP.
And this PC as well.
Can I be honest with you for a minute?
Yeah.
Is it just me, or I am like so not interested in Avatar.
Like it just doesn't look good to me.
And like, you know, I'll be fair and say, you know, I realize that I'm not always into
the same type of movies everybody else is and so forth, but you know, I like Terminator.
I like Titanic.
I like, you know, all these movies that James Cameron's done.
Did you cry?
Of course I cried.
But I'm looking at- I teared.
I'm looking for- shut up.
I'm looking at Avatar, and I'm just kind of like, oh boy.
This just- it just looks bloated, long, pompous, and it doesn't look like it's going to be
good to me.
I'm going to go see it just because it's going to be in 3D.
It's supposed to be really awesome, but then if, you know, it sucks, I'll be sure to shout
it to the world that it sucks.
The game itself is supposed to be good.
It's- they have been working on it for a few years at least.
So it's supposed to be good and not sucky, and we'll see though.
I will take my friend- if my friends all come back and say it was freaking awesome, then
I will go see it, and maybe I'm wrong, and I'll just blame the marketing.
You know, I'm kind of with you on that because, you know, it does look kind of like it could
be lame, but you know, I'll give it a chance.
I think it's going to be really cool looking.
Dark Sakura just exclaimed, I love salacious pop, referring to one of our chatters.
Why is that?
Avatar looks like Starship Troopers plus Warcraft plus The Spirits Within plus corny
diarrhea.
That's a pretty good way to come up.
Now this is my take on Avatar, is now, I am a big fan of fun tech, and looking into the
how they make it, you know, the behind the scenes stuff, the technology going into it,
the innovations that are actually being made in the CG process, in the motion capture,
that's really, really interesting to me.
I'll give you that, I'll give you that.
And from the technical, a lot of times, I'll go see a movie, even if it's supposed to be,
you know, the corn and crap, I will see it to see how the final product looks like, okay,
I do like a lot of movies that people hate, I love bad movies, I loved Hypercube, I loved
Xanadu.
I love Showgirls.
I love Showgirls too, and you got me into that movie, you don't know shit.
But no, in the end, but you also know that I don't really go for the stuff that's overhyped,
I really avoid stuff that's overhyped.
But I think I'll see this one, I will see it, you know, opening week, because honestly,
I don't want to see it that bad.
But I will see it after it's been in the theater for a little bit.
I didn't mean to turn this into Avatar hate, I'm so sorry, but I just, I had to get that
out there, because there's just, there was just something about it that just wasn't sitting
well with me.
And again, maybe it's going to be an awesome movie, and I'm totally wrong, but I love some
of the comments from chat.
Legend of Zaku says, Avatar equals Dances with Smurfs.
That's from South Park.
Oh, was it?
Yeah.
Oh, I didn't see this week's episode, that must be what it is.
And then, that's just Joe 100 Matt saying, I heard it's getting terrible pre-screening
reviews.
You know, this is the time for them to fine-tune it and tailor it and what have you, so I hope
for their sake they can pull it off.
Now, I will say this, though, at the same time, I so want to go see The Princess and
the Frog, because I am all about Disney going back to the way they did movies back in the,
you know, 90s with Beauty and the Beast and Aladdin and all this, so, you know, just because
the movie's over-hyped doesn't mean it's necessarily going to be bad.
But who knows, maybe-
There's been zero hype for that movie.
Maybe it's just because I'm a Disney fan, and I'll fully admit, you know, obviously
I'm biased in that regard.
No, no, no.
It looks good, but I'm just saying, there's been no hype, whereas Avatar, they were just
like, fucking your eyeballs, you know, in 2009, I'm like, I don't think so.
You don't have kids, though, and I think they've been aiming this at the kids.
I think it'll do decent.
I don't think it's going to be like their huge movie, but I think it'll do decent enough
that they'll get back into doing 2D movies, we'll see.
I think it'll make more than Avatar does.
No, it won't.
Oh, we'll see.
Care to make a wager?
No, I don't, but I can tell you right now it's not going to-
I tried.
Alright, let's move on.
Sorry, release dates.
Derailed the show.
My bad.
Totally.
Okay, so other things coming out this week.
Rogue Warrior coming out on PC, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360, MX vs. ATV Reflex on the
DS, PSP Wii, PC, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360, and god, I forgot that this movie was coming
out, and I really don't want to see this.
Alvin and the Chipmunks is a squeak-quel on the Wii and DS this week.
Why, god?
Why?
It's got the chipettes this time.
I'd rather- I would rather watch like Avatar for 24 hours straight or any- Oh, I know what
I was going to say.
Here's the thing.
When I saw the trailer for Avatar, it looked like an M. Night Shyamalan movie to me.
That was what didn't sit well with me.
So I would rather than watch the new Alvin and the Chipmunks movie, I would rather watch
what was it called?
The Happening or whatever that latest like that just it was so horrible.
You sure you weren't watching The Last Airbender, which is an M. Night Shyamalan movie?
I would rather watch The Happening five times in a row than watch the new Alvin and Chipmunks
movie.
For the record, this is actually going back to what you're saying about the Princess of
the Frog.
Yes.
It's from Becky.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
And I do have a kid and I actually haven't seen much about Princess and the Frog on Disney
Channel yet.
Really?
Really?
She's got a two-year-old who watches Phineas and Ferb, Rob.
Remember, I showed you some of that.
I know.
I know.
I know.
And it's great.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
I guess fair enough.
But you know what?
Once it does come out- Has it come out yet?
Or did it come out last Friday?
What?
The Princess and the Frog?
It's in only New York and LA.
I think it's everywhere the 11th.
Okay.
Well, when it does come out, then yeah, their marketing blitz will be just everywhere.
You won't be able to get away from it.
Anyways, Dirt 2 on PC, the very first DirectX 11 game making its way out.
Might and Magic Clash of Heroes on the DS this week.
Wreck Room, a generic party game for the Wii.
Storybook Workshop, the latest schlock from Konami coming out on the Wii.
Seven Wonders 2 on the DS for your casual game fans.
Safe Cracker, also casual game fans.
World Party Games, yet another generic party game out on the Wii.
Of course, next week we're going to have some really awesome stuff with Legend of Zelda
Spirit Tracks and Saboteur.
All right, let's travel over to Japan and see what they've got to look forward to.
And they've got on the 3rd of December, Assassin's Creed 2 gets its Japanese release.
They're from Ubisoft.
Also, Fallout 3 gets their Game of the Year edition, those coming out both in Japan on
the 3rd.
And Japan's kind of in the same place we are, where it's going to be a little bit dry through
the holiday season.
They have a different kind of release pattern than they do here, so I think you'll still
see some things, but for the most part, it's going to be pretty quiet the rest of the year.
But I will say on the PlayStation 3, they also get Assassin's Creed 2 over there and
Fallout 3 again.
They're also getting some discounts on Folklore, moving into the PlayStation 3 the best, or
as they call it there, Folk's Soul, and Ratchet and Clank's future, as well as Resistance
Fall of Man.
They're all going into the best series over in Japan, so if you live over there, you can
get a price reduction on that.
On the Nintendo Wii, this December, you can get Biohazard and Biohazard Zero.
That's of course what they call Resident Evil over there.
Those are also getting price reductions on the Wii.
Lots of price reductions is kind of the theme here, but that's a good thing going into this
holiday season.
Also in Japan on December 3rd, New Super Mario Bros. Wii, yeah, they had to wait.
So they're getting it this week, though, on December 3rd.
Sengoku Musou 3 comes out on the Wii as well.
That's from Koei Entertainment.
That is, I believe, another one of their strategy-type games.
That's one of the, I think, Romance of the Three Kingdoms ones?
Yeah, well, Koei did all of those games, and I'm pretty sure this is right in that same
vein.
You know, those games are way more popular over there than they are here, although I
will say the game certainly is not without its fans over here.
On the Nintendo DS, Cross Treasures, you can get that out there from Squeenix.
Also coming out, Kaiju Busters, and Kira...
Monsters?
Yes, Kaiju Big Brawl.
Is it really?
I think it is.
Kira Kira Rhythm Collection comes out as well, and Metal Fight Beyblade comes out from Hudson.
So check that out.
It's a big release for stuff on the DS.
There's lots and lots of games.
Signal coming out on the DS as well from D3 over in Japan.
And then lastly, going over to the PSP, seeing if there's anything to look forward to there.
Oh, LittleBigPlanet Portable gets its release in Japan this week, as well as Mobile Suit
Gundam, Gundam vs. Gundam Next Plus.
Ooh, that sounds fun.
And also, this one might be worth importing to some people, Phantasy Star Portable 2 comes
out this week.
Ooh.
Oh, and Jamie?
What?
Tokimeki Memorial 4 on the PSP this week.
No Toki memo for me, please.
There you go.
How about you, K?
Someone in Japan, send me President Cat.
How about the UK?
Okay.
Not really a whole lot.
On the 4th, we have Colin McRae Dirt 2, like anyone cares.
We have Easy Piano for DS.
And then we have Avatar The Game.
And The Saboteur.
Oh, and Tony Hawk Ride, but who plays Tony Hawk anymore?
How is the ride doing out of curiosity?
Not good.
No?
I heard it was not.
Yeah, I heard it wasn't doing too well.
I could have called that.
Oh, wait, I did.
Yes.
Sure.
It looked like crap.
I'm sorry.
It's just like, it's a mediocre reboot to the franchise.
Just go back to what you did well in Pro Skater and just keep pumping those out.
I mean, I don't care how unrealistic it is, I want to grind on the moon or something like
that.
I mean, that would be awesome.
There was a comment from Chad, did we miss Final Fantasy 13 in the release date?
You know what, it's very possible because I believe that's releasing on a day all its
own, right?
And I was only looking at the December 3rd dates.
When is Final Fantasy 13 out in Japan?
I don't remember.
I know it's out in December.
Let me look up.
I'm looking up its release date real quick to see if I did miss it for this week.
Why don't we get into the next story?
I'll come back to that.
Okay.
Okay.
So...
December 17th.
There you go.
So we still have a couple weeks.
Weighs off.
I don't know why you play this game other than for charity, and that's what's been done
on the Desert Bus for Charity, an annual event where they play the horrible, horrible game
that's part of the Penn & Teller game, and they have raised over $100,000.
In fact, they have raised $132,568.94, which is 88% over last year's total, and this is
a marathon that's a project of the, I guess, a comedy troupe Load Ready Run, and of course
this benefits the Child's Play charity.
That's kinda cool.
And apparently 88 hours of driving booked by the pre-event donations.
But now it's not just one guy that has to do the whole thing, right?
They kinda, it's like a comedy, people do the whole thing.
I have to admit, I didn't get a chance to tune into the whole thing, although I read
about it and I thought it was cool, but you know, there's lots and lots of Child's Play
events going on, including Um Wild's coming up, you know, we had SEGA on the show a couple
weeks ago, and that's coming up, God, it's not next week, but the week after, it's coming
up around soon, but certainly try to support Child's Play wherever you can.
I know we also made a donation as a show to another drive that was going on earlier.
It wasn't for Child's Play, but for a hospital in Texas, so good stuff.
What do we do in our charity marathon?
When we have a day off that isn't-
I'm not playing that game, though, that's for sure.
No, no, we won't play that game, but we gotta do our own spin on charity marathon, find
a good charity.
We still need to do the classic game stuff.
Dan and I were talking about busting out the Master System today.
That's what I'm saying, we need to do our classic game marathon for charity, where we
let like, donators pick the games or something.
Well, here's what I think we should do for that, is I pick like, six or seven of my systems
that'll be easy to shift out or whatever, and then put up a list of like, twelve games
each.
So someone can say, you know, spin a wheel, you get like a twister wheel, okay, you get
this system, and then spin a wheel again for the number on the list, and then oh, you get
this game, you know, make it all completely random, and go, new game, move, next seat,
move down.
You know, so you kind of like musical chairs, but with games.
Well, like, you know, the Mad Hatter, new cup, move down, new game, move down.
Sadly, you know, usually what would be a great weekend for me is Martin Luther King weekend,
because I have a holiday there, I don't know if you guys do.
I do.
I mean, Jamie works for a bank, so she has everything off, but sadly, I'm going to Seattle
that weekend.
I have Arbor Day off.
No, I don't.
Arbor Day?
I'm kidding.
So you can go out and plant a tree, like John Denver told us to, I mean, is that what you're
doing?
Well, John Denver also, you know, flew a plane.
Said he was leaving on a jet plane, and he did.
That was so awful.
I mean, I love it, but it was really awful.
It was definitely, like, when they say tragic irony, I think that's exactly what they meant.
It wasn't really a jet plane, it was a little prop plane, wasn't it?
Whatever.
If he had been leaving on a jet plane, he probably wouldn't have crashed.
Alright, let's move on.
Now we're making John Denver jokes.
I don't know.
You started it.
Uh-uh.
You're, you're, whatever.
Alright, hey, every week here on the show, we like to do a little segment here pretty
regularly.
We've done it for, gosh, over a year now.
It used to be, like, the website of the week, then it turned into, like, the Dark Soccer's
Advice column, and now it's the classic game of the week.
I kind of miss doing the website of the week, though.
I do kind of miss it, too, but this is really, this is way more fun.
Well, if I was going to do another one, though, I'd do Weebles again, can make that a third
time.
I'm sorry, I love Weebles.
So moving on, it's now the classic video game of the week, where Dark Sakura digs through
the classic game archive she was previously speaking of, and picks out a game that she
says, you know what?
The kids need to play this game.
They need to respect their elders, and they need to dust off their NESs, or whatever it
happens to be, and go play this game.
So Dark Sakura, what is the game that, uh, is the classic game of the week?
A game that pisses me off sometimes.
Little Nemo Dream Master.
It's a cute game, but it pisses me off.
Why does it piss you off?
It's kind of hard.
I mean, kind of hard.
I mean, it's got some levels that are easy, it's just you have to be kind of tricky and
know your way around.
But, the music, though, I have to say, um, was actually composed by, um, Junko Tomie,
who was in the game as Gonzo.
I always laughed at that, now I know her name, but play a little bit of the music.
Isn't that good music?
Yeah, but it's very Capcom.
One thing about Junko Tomie is that she also did the music in Bionic Commando, and, um,
in uh, Strider, actually, so, uh, those are two notable games that had fantastic music.
Oh, and, uh, Gunsmoke.
But um, back to Little Nemo, in Japan it was called Pajama Hero Nemo, which is pretty cute.
It's actually based off of the Little Nemo Adventures in Slumberland, the animated movie,
actually, that came out based off of the comic strip from the early, I believe the original
comic strip came out in, I want to say, the 1920s?
I've seen, actually, an original compilation of the Little Nemo books.
Okay, no, sorry, I take that back, 1905 was when the, um, the comic series first started
in 1905, and then went on through, um, 1914.
The books that I saw were published in the 1920s.
Anyway, that's another thing, because you know me and book publishing, I'm all into
that.
So, going back to this, um, it's about a little boy who, um, goes into his magical dream world
called Slumberland, and he can, um, actually, uh, ride little animals, and he, what you
do is you actually, uh, feed them candy, and then they will, uh, let you ride them.
Like, you actually not necessarily ride them, but you sort of become them a little bit,
like, you wear them like a, like Mario's, um, Tanooki suit.
That's a good, a good description.
I have to be honest, Jamie, I, I remember hearing about this game when I was a kid,
like, I think I saw the commercials, but I never played it.
So now that I'm kind of watching the video here that the music's coming off of, you know,
it's kind of interesting, like, it definitely has that whole, like, the different suits
of Mario, but it's different.
Like, I can't explain it, you just kind of have to play it yourself, I guess, or check
out one of the videos of it.
Like, you know, right now he's kind of riding a dinosaur, which kind of reminds me of something
in Adventure Island.
I love, I love the dinosaur, but see, now you, for certain abilities that you get with
some suits or some animals, you lose other, like, for example, you see, he could, like,
for example, the frog or, I think it's either a frog or a dragon or something, but he can
do, like, a belly sla-, uh, like a belly splash move, and land on them, and, um, and he, if
his belly lands on the creatures, then he can actually knock them out of the sky, you
know, to damage, um, I think that's the creature on the thing.
Yeah, it looks like a little, like, kind of gecko-looking thing.
Yeah, but he can, he can pop them.
Um, but, like, you can get a mole and you can dig or you can get a gorilla and punch
them, or climb up the walls.
The purple little lizard thing, I think it's like a, a salamander or something, but it
can walk up walls, you know, like a lizard can.
Um, but it is a side-scrolling, um, you know, it's an NES title, it's, you know, really
cute, it actually has some pretty big levels.
The whole way that you get through it is you actually find these keys, and, um, the keys
unlock a certain number of locks on the door, and so, of course, if you get to the end of
the level and you don't have all the keys, you have to go back through the level and
find the keys.
Oh, good lord.
And, and, as you were watching some of this, they actually are hidden, like, you had to
actually, in the first level, if you get the mole, you actually have to go all the way
over as far as you can through the dirt to the left and then go down through the floor
to where two, uh, little blocks of, uh, of, uh, area that you can dig through to get underneath
to another place where you get the key and a one-up and some other crap.
Um, so, uh, you have to have the right animals to get to some places, but if you don't really
have, you know, everything, and on top of that, um, your animals have different life
bars than Nemo does, so sometimes you have to, you know, really be judicious with what
you have to make it through.
So actually, it's, I'd have to say it's one of the harder NES games there are, and it's
a cute game.
You know what this game kind of reminds me of, just kind of looking at it, again, you
know, I, I missed this game, maybe I need to go back and play this, it's my classic
game of the week, it reminds me, and again, it's probably because they're both Capcom,
but the skeleton of the game and the programming looks very similar to DuckTales to me.
Oh yeah, I wouldn't doubt it.
Just the graphics and the way it's kind of laid out looks like, you know, same engine,
quote unquote, if you want to say, as DuckTales.
Yeah, I would, I would, I would go that, but, um, in, again, like you said, it was released
by Capcom, the year that it came out was in 1990, so I was actually just starting high
school.
Yeah, I know.
Actually, no, no, I was in eighth grade.
Yeah, no, you would graduate eighth grade.
And I remember having a fit over this game, I had it, um, when it came out, and I would
just, I don't think, I think this is actually one game to this day I haven't beaten.
So that's an indication, and I've beaten a lot of games.
Once again, Jamie, a very popular pick in our chat room, at least those that have played
it, but a lot of folks agreeing with you on the difficulty that it was a bitch.
I agree with, um, Ricky Go Mac that, um, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game on NES,
that game was freaking difficult too.
That game pissed me off to the point that I wanted to throw it down the stairs, and
I did, and actually it lived through it, and I could still play it.
Um, that was actually one game I had that was duct taped.
Nice.
So you'll have to do that another week.
That's a different game altogether.
No, that game is not going to make it on my list.
That game is not going to make it on my list, because to this day, I'm still angry.
Angry, Rob, angry.
I'm thinking one day we need to do the anti-classic game of the week, the game that Dark Saga
says, do not play this game, it's terrible.
I could tell you what that is right now, I'll go ahead and mention it right now.
I guess we're done with Little Nemo then?
Yeah.
Okay, Little Nemo, the Dream Master, your classic game of the week on the NES, there
you go.
There's a game that is so bad that Dan and I rented it from Blockbuster, because we were
really into renting games every week, this was about right before the Dreamcast came
out.
So, around 98, 99.
Um, we rented, we were also into wrestling games at the time, because, um, the, uh, Wrestle
Mania 2000 came out on the Nintendo 64, which was rad.
We, um, got, uh, NW Thunder, and, um, we got it home, we played it for about 10 minutes
and called Blockbuster and said, we just rented this game about, uh, 30 minutes ago, because
you know we had to drive back, um, we think, we want, we want our money back, or can we
rent it, can we change it out for something else?
And we went in there, and the guy's like, oh yeah, I remember you, if it's that bad,
then yeah, we'll change it out.
It was so bad that Blockbuster let us change out our rental.
And that's, well, that's just good customer service, you know, too.
But, but it was, it was-
They probably, probably wasn't the first time they clapped.
I kept Spice World longer than that game, Rob.
I loved Spice World.
And yes, I rented Spice World.
There was some lulzy moments in Spice World.
You just make baby Spice do backflips over and over, it's really funny.
I've bought games that are arguably bad games, and I liked them better than, than that game.
That's probably the worst game I've ever rented.
I would say the worst video game experience I've ever had, since now we've started this
new topic, and Loki, I'm coming to you next, the worst video game experience I've probably
ever had was when I got, um, Tetris Plus on the Playstation 1.
What a colossal let down that game was, because Tetris was so huge at the time, you know,
especially on the NES, and I think everybody very fondly remembers that game, and it's
been done very well on many platforms.
The DS has an awesome version of Tetris.
Even Tengen Tetris is pretty good and kind of reminiscent of the arcade version, but
I'll tell you what, Tetris Plus, which was by, and I remember to this day, Jellico, did
it on the Playstation 1, and it is horrific.
It is bad, it is terrible, because they changed the game mechanic of Tetris.
It was one of those things where I spent, like, I bought it, because I was like, oh,
it's Tetris, how can it be bad?
I hated it.
I played it once, and I said, how can you fuck with the main game mechanic of Tetris?
Because what they did, is they changed it so it was like a little professor that would
walk along the top, and you didn't want him to hit the side.
I remember that!
Oh my god, that was awful!
Yes.
It was a terrible, terrible game.
That was hideous!
Yes.
Thank you.
I'm not alone.
You know what?
That deserves, um...
Yeah, I need to, I need to fire up the Price is Right losing horn.
Alright.
Or a Dalek.
Yeah, that game is an enemy of the Daleks.
Loki, traumatically bad video game experience, anything you can remember?
Not really.
Um...
No.
There's not really anything horribly bad that I played.
I always used to find some sort of good out of it, I guess.
Well, aren't you just like the Mother Teresa of video games?
I don't know.
Um, there was a game, though it's not that old, that I bought and then sold back like
within a day, and that would be Bullet Witch, because that game is awful.
I have another bad game.
Okay, one more, and then we're gonna go to break.
Dragon Ball GT Final Battle, actually.
What was so terrible about that?
Everything.
Um, I was, okay, keep in mind, it was like the first Dragon Ball game that came out in
the US, unless you want to count, um, what the Dragon Ball RPG that they made into something
else over here, which doesn't count, um, it was, it had the awful, awful American voice
acting, and it was just hideous.
But the one problem with that game is that I didn't realize it until a little bit later,
that because it was out of print, and they only made a few copies, that that game was
going for bucks on eBay, and you know what I did?
I traded it for Blue Stinger.
The Japanese version, because I had the Japanese Dreamcast at the time.
And honestly, to this day, I still never regret it.
Never regret it.
I mean, it would have been nice to have gotten some money out of it, but I still don't regret
the trade.
I loved Blue Stinger.
Isn't that Twinbee or something?
No, Stinger was Twinbee.
Blue Stinger was the game that came out, the Japanese version of that one was sort of lauded
because it had, um, a movie director directing the cameras and cinematics in the movie, not
in the movie, in the game, but when it came out over here, they butchered the camera.
Because people were like, oh, you can't control it, and I did just fine.
It was a little kind of survival horror type of game, but it was a lot of fun.
I loved it.
All right.
Well, we're going to take a break, guys.
We're going to rest our voices here a minute and, you know, refill our waters and run to
the restroom and all that good stuff, but when we come back on Orange Lounge Radio,
we're going to get into Part B. We've got plenty more news for you guys tonight, a lot
of rapid-fire news, including some updates on Red Dead Redemption, Uncharted 2, and so
forth.
And then we're going to get into some other stories.
We're going to talk Tron in Part B. I know, so definitely stay tuned for that.
Does that mean when we start Part B, I can just go greetings programs?
If you really want to, and at the end, you can say end of line.
In fact, at the very end of tonight's show, I want you to say end of line.
Okay?
Can we do that?
Yeah.
Like after the credits and everything?
Yeah.
End of line.
We should do it before the credits.
All right.
Fine.
We'll do it that way.
All right.
And a proper sequel to Puzzle Quest.
Not Galactrix, but something else.
We're going to talk all that in Part B.
So stay tuned, guys.
We'll be back in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday evening, November the 29th of 2009.
We hope all our listeners here in America had a great Thanksgiving holiday.
And if you decided to brave the Black Friday shopping, then props to you guys.
I know our interviewer earlier tonight, he talked about going out to the old Navy to
get the copy of Lego Rock Band, so I know some of you guys went out there.
By the way, we do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com,
where there's lots of great programming all throughout the week.
Check out the buffet of great game programming they have here.
And you know what?
And I always say, if OLR you're finding the show just isn't your taste, hey, no harm done.
But there might be a show that is more your taste throughout the various independent podcasters
that broadcast over there at All Games Radio.
So check it out.
We're going to move on and get into some of the rapid fire news tonight.
And then we'll move into Twitter topics right after that, for those of you guys who asked
us questions on Twitter.
And then we got some more gaming news.
So Loki, why don't you start us off with some rapid fire news?
Red Dead Redemption, Take-Two's brand new game coming out, kind of think of Grand Theft
Auto in the Old West, is set to come out actually in April 2010.
And funny enough, on the same day as Grand Theft Auto 4 did a few years ago, April 27th,
2010 is when you can expect that game to hit PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the PC.
That's pretty sweet.
I'm looking to play that.
Especially since you can probably mod this game just like you can with Grand Theft Auto,
drive around in a car or something.
Uncharted 2 is getting some new download content for the price of free.
And that actually happened last Friday.
And it looks like a brand new map called The Fort.
And it's a fortress multiplayer map from a chapter of Drake's Fortune.
That's kind of neat.
Well may The Fort be with you.
Yes.
And it's free.
It can't be free.
And then finally, Valve is selling some Team Fortress 2 and Left 4 Dead themed greeting
cards.
And those look kind of cool.
I wonder if those are actual greeting cards or if they're like e-cards or something like
that.
Actually they are real cards.
So you can actually pick those up at the Valve Software Store at store.valvesoftware.com
and check them out.
They are a little pricey.
Looks like 16 bucks.
And I'm not sure how many get in that.
But there's a lot of other neat stuff in there as well.
How many portal jokes in the Christmas cards?
None.
Really?
Zero portal jokes.
Okay.
Alright.
Well, moving on to some other rapid fire news I have for you guys.
There's a whole lot of Rock Band news going on.
There usually is because every week they try to add something new.
And this week there's more Nirvana coming to the 360 Wii and PS3.
Come As You Are, the MTV Unplugged version, which I think is kind of interesting, is coming
out for Rock Band as well as Lithium and Smells Like Teen Spirit, finally, all in Nirvana
Pack 2.
Also the band Night Ranger.
You can still rock in America.
Don't Tell Me You Love Me and you're going to hear it from me.
Night Ranger.
Yeah.
You're going to hear it from me.
Hey.
The member of Night Ranger was in Damn Yankees with Ted Nugent.
Wow.
Wow.
The Rock Band platform, by the way, now has over 1,000 songs, 390 different musical artists.
Apparently we have collectively downloaded over 60 million songs from the Rock Band store.
Somebody's making a shitload of money.
105 consecutive weeks of new additions to the store.
Hey, that's pretty impressive.
And they actually did some math and figured out that if you wanted to play through the
entire catalog, that would take two days, 18 hours, and 40 minutes to play through the
entire catalog, which I think I wanted to read some.
I thought I read somewhere some guy was doing for charity.
Yeah.
I saw the whole damn catalog.
Good luck to you.
Try not to fail on some of those hard songs.
Also the Rock Band Network is being announced that it will finally fully roll out in early
2010.
You might remember that this is a XNA of sorts.
I guess that's the best comparison I can make to it so that anybody could get their songs
in Rock Band through the Rock Band Network.
And apparently this is going to roll out in 2010.
So that 1,000 is going to jump up to 2,000 pretty damn quickly when this thing is released.
Very interesting.
Switching gears here a little bit, Atari is now rolling out arcade games on their web
page.
What I mean by that, if you want to go play Yars' Revenge or other great 2,600 games and
things that Atari was known for back in the day before they made Driver 3 and all this
stuff, you can head on over to Atari.com.
It's a brand new website.
Looks like it also tracks high scores and things like that.
Kind of what GameTap was doing back when they were really good.
Oh, by the way, the games you can play there on Atari, you can play Asteroids, Adventure,
Battlezone, Crystal Castles, Lunar Lander, and yes, Yars' Revenge.
There you go.
By the way, I used to love Crystal Castles.
That was the best game ever.
Good stuff.
I didn't like the Atari 2,600 version though, nearly as much as the arcade.
I know.
I think you'll like it for one thing.
We've got a trackball.
That's the way it's meant to be played.
We've got a 2,600 trackball.
Lastly, some game controller Christmas tree ornaments are available.
I guess they're making their way around the different game blogs.
You can get them, it looks like, at ponoko.com, P-O-N-O-K-O dot com.
It's $25 plus $10 for shipping or more if it's somewhere else.
You can get some various game controller themed.
It looks like there's an old school NES controller and a Wiimote, Dreamcast controller, gettin'
the love, and of course, where would you be without a DualShock controller?
All of that is there in the game controller Christmas tree for those of you that are gonna
be decorating.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us tonight?
Stuff.
Actually, I've got good stuff.
Well, kind of good stuff because there actually is a statement by Harada Katsuhiro, who is
the producer behind Tekken 6, say that there's gonna have more content on its way, download
content, but that they're not going to charge for it or they don't intend to charge for
it.
There could be, and this is a quote, strong possibility of additional download content.
But then again, they've said that before and have kind of lied.
That's true.
Didn't they say like, oh no.
We didn't put Darth Vader in the Xbox Soul Calibur.
Oh no, we didn't do that.
Guess what?
Psych.
Duh, duh, duh.
Right.
Okay.
Well also, about the games convention online, you remember that?
They're doing another.
And it will be from July 8th through 11th, 2010 at the Leibseger Messe in Germany.
I hope I pronounced that right.
I took German for two weeks, sorry.
But they got 43,000 attendees last year, so they're hoping that with another day they
can get more.
So hey, good for them.
And lastly, and this is something I'm pretty happy about, Bayonetta demo.
We should be getting it in Europe and North America on December 3rd.
And that will be freaking fantastic.
Little Birdie told me you can get it early if you know where to look.
Really?
I think it was through gamespot.com, if you're like a member over there, you can get a code
generated, something like that, for the demo.
I haven't had a chance to check it out myself, because again, I got a BORT 360 that I've
been too lazy to replace.
See, this, folks, is why you need to create a Japanese region account, so that you can
download these region-free demos to your, you know, 360 or Playstation 3 way early.
I have one for every region on the Playstation 3, and I have one for Japanese in the US and
my 360.
Just putting it out there.
Anyhow, let's move on to some Twitter topics, and some things that you guys are asking us
on the Twitter.
Of course, if you don't already have us on Twitter, you should really consider adding
us.
www.Twitter.com slash OLR, and we always take messages before every show, starting off with
Spazinator tonight.
How about a discussion of some of the better PC exclusives out there?
Must Owns, for example, Recommendations.
With me getting a PC not too long from now, I'd like to know what to get above and beyond
WoW.
Bummer, because WoW would have been the first thing I suggested it would be, but, you know,
a lot of MMOs, we haven't really seen console MMOs.
Granted, Final Fantasy XI, I know the PS3 has some in development.
This spring, there's going to be a lot of stuff in the spring, supposedly, unless it,
you know, gets delayed again.
But right now, you know, the Guild Wars, the City of Heroes, the Ion, the Champions, the
Star Trek Online, none of those are on the console, nor are they going to be on the console.
So, you know, all those types of MMOs.
Just a lot of stuff in the pipes, just not quite out yet.
Loki, anything you can think of as far as PC games, though?
As far as PC MMOs?
No, just PC games in general that are exclusive that you can't get on the console.
Command and Conquer 4, I think, is going to be exclusively on PC at first, at least.
I'm not positive on that, but I know that's coming out in the fall, and I haven't heard
about a console version yet.
X-Link suggests Civilization 4, and I give that a hell yes.
The Civilization series is outstanding, and they did do, like, kind of a dumbed-down version
of Civilization called Civ Revolution for the Xbox 360 and PS3, although I will say
Civ Revolution I liked.
It kind of reminded me of the very first Civilization game, so when I say dumbed-down, I don't mean
that in a negative way.
If you like that game, definitely Civ 4.
That's a great suggestion from X-Link in our chat room, so.
Let's move on to some other questions.
I like this one from Fernando on Twitter, and this is a good one for Loki.
Will there ever be an installment of Grand Theft Auto where you play a female, and would
it sell?
I think it would, and I hope there is, because hell, they've done it with Saints Row, where
you can play as a female character throughout that game, and it works pretty well.
You may remember before when people were putting out fake screenshots for Grand Theft Auto
4, it had a female wheeling a mace, and that looked pretty awesome.
I don't see why it couldn't happen.
Yeah, I don't see why not either.
I think it's just as long as they can work it into the story, so maybe in the next one,
who knows?
Yeah.
Or a future expansion for 4, although, or are they going to say no more?
They're not going to do any more expansions for 4.
If anything, what they're going to do now is, like, a Vice City or something like that
using the same engine, but just slightly tweaked, but they have Red Dead Redemption that they're
going to put out first and probably tweak their engine a little bit more.
If you want to see that, dude, I would say email them, but you know what I got to say?
I think Rockstar's been pretty decent about kind of an equal opportunity, if you will.
I'm sure they're about the story and the art they're trying to go for first, and if they
can work it in for a female protagonist, they will.
Moving on, let's see, looking at this one from Tigerclaw, Nathan Drake gets supersized
for Thanksgiving weekend and sends us this over.
Apparently, the Uncharted developers made Nathan Drake look fat during Thanksgiving.
That's kind of funny.
They made him gain a few pounds there.
Was that something that was actually in the game, or is that just screenshots?
No, I guess that's just something they rendered, those screenshots.
That wasn't actually in the game, or what have you.
That would be funny, like if you played it on Thanksgiving, that would happen.
That would be kind of funny, actually.
So that's pretty cool.
Yeah, it's just the screenshots there on the website.
That's kind of funny.
Sorry if we didn't read your tweets tonight, but remember, you can always email us too
at mailbagatorangelandtrady.com.
We'll be getting into the mailbag a little later in the show, and Tigerclaw wants to
point out it's for multiplayer.
So that's kind of funny.
I like that.
That's awesome.
Yeah, that's cute.
All right, let's move on with some more gaming news.
Loki, back to you.
Yes.
So, Obama and apparently the LittleBigPlanet team are teaming up for kids, and the White
House, they basically announced that they're going to have a program to improve science
and math education with a variety of different entertainment software association-backed
initiatives, including a program to put LittleBigPlanet in libraries, as well as $300,000 in game design
challenges.
So that's kind of cool.
And, I mean, hell, LittleBigPlanet, very flexible with what you can do with it, and it's supposedly
pretty easy to learn.
I still haven't actually sat down to try and make a level, even though I really wanted
to.
It's fucking hard.
Like, it takes a lot of dedication.
It's just because we're older.
That's why.
Maybe.
Maybe.
But that's why, you know, I invited the gentleman on the show earlier tonight, because I know
it's not easy to have that kind of dedication.
I thought it was kind of awesome, and then, you know, to have it all take off, and so
forth.
But anyway, he said, you know, the Sony LittleBigPlanet initiative, Game Changers, is part of a $2
million 2010 digital media and learning competition funded by the MacArthur Foundation, and involves
Sony donating 1,000 PlayStation 3s and copies of LittleBigPlanet to libraries and community
organizations.
Participants will strive to create levels that involve science, technology, engineering,
and math, well, engineering, health, physics, and LittleBigPlanet.
The second program is called the STEM Nation Video Game Competition, and it's a three-pronged
$300,000 contest encouraging entrants to create the best browser video games that teach the
STEM disciplines for a trio of ages 4-8, 8-12, and 12-16, and the competitions intend to
reach historically underserved populations, including girls and minority students, according
to the ESA press release.
So that's kind of neat.
Kind of interesting, and this whole, especially the whole fact that video games usually get
a bad rap.
In fact, ironically, and I swear I didn't plan this, I'm wearing my ECA shirt today,
the whole, with the controllers on it, that says, contrary to popular opinion, these do
not make me a killer.
And you know, video games get such a bad rap usually out there that, you know, games like,
you know, Manhunt 2 are going to turn us all into murderers and all this garbage.
And if I remember correctly, the unedited, unrated PC version came out, and the world
did not end.
Yeah, it really didn't.
And so, you know, it's kind of neat to see video games kind of being embraced in this
regard.
So, do you think this is something that people will actually really get into, and it could
be a successful program?
I don't see why it can't be.
I mean, hell, we had, we grew up on kind of like, um, Oregon Trail and like, Number Munchers
and shit like that.
It's just, you know, kind of an evolved version of that.
I remember we had, um, in my fourth or fifth grade class, you know, back when, you know,
they're introducing us to a thing called a mouse for, you know, a PC, um, you know, they
would, you know, have a program that kind of taught you how to use it and stuff like
that.
And that's why they wouldn't do something like this where, you know, challenge people
to kind of learn how to use computers and learn how to, you know, build stuff in video
games and whatnot, um, to kind of help promote education and, you know, their agendas with
the science and, um, math programs.
So it sounds like a good idea to me.
It's a way to, you know, reach children at a level that they're, you know, going to be
interested in.
We'll see how this program takes off.
I do like the comparison to Oregon Trail and Number Bunchers though, because who doesn't
remember that shit from when we were kids?
And I know, I realize a lot of our listeners may not have that same memory, although I
think the Oregon Trail kind of evolved.
So I think they were still using it, you know, years later, but just not the old school Apple
2e one that we were using.
But uh, you know, yeah.
Carmen Sandiego is another great example.
I think Math Blasters was one that came around a little later.
Turtle.
Uh, Logo.
Logo.
The programming language.
Yeah.
Right?
Forward 30.
Right?
90.
And you know, to draw a square and all that stuff.
Fun stuff.
Hey Jamie.
Tron.
Tron!
That's right.
If you want to see more information about Tron, you're going to have to watch the VGAs.
That's right.
The Spike Video Game Awards apparently is going to have some new Tron information here.
Uh, I guess this is not about the movie.
This is about the game.
The game based on the movie I think.
Apparently.
Yeah.
The game that's based on the new movie.
There was a little teaser that went up and it looks like the game might actually just
be called Tron.
You might remember they tried relaunching Tron a couple years ago.
There was a Tron 2.0 video game I remember that came out.
This was pretty awesome.
It was pretty cool but it was also uh, it didn't do very well at all.
Which is kind of unfortunate.
Um, but yeah.
Uh, there's movie sequels coming out called Tron Legacy and uh, apparently more information
is going to come out at the Spike Video Game Awards.
So that'll be on Saturday, December 12th.
So very, very brief teaser that's hit the internet recently.
I don't know if Jamie's seen it.
I'm trying to pull it up here in studio so she can kind of get a peek here at what it
looks like.
Uh, I don't know if it's going to play very well here.
But it just, you just see somebody, virus detected.
And remember.
Motorbikes.
Light cycles Rob.
Light cycles.
That's it.
And remember the Spike TV Video Game Awards, that's also your chance to vote for the most
anticipated game where you get to write in your own choice and perhaps President Cat.
That's right.
We did try to start something on the Facebook about trying to get in and Twitter to get
everybody to write in President Cat.
So uh, hopefully, and we do hope it makes a clip package.
That's what we're hoping for is that when they introduce who wins this award, they do
some type of clip package for all the anticipated things and we're trying to get President.
We don't think it'll win, realistically, it's not on the ballot.
But maybe it'll make the clip package and that's really all we ask.
We want it's 15 frames of fame on Spike TV.
Because who, don't you want to be the one to send that tweet over to Rina Wee and let
them know, hey, did you know your video game was on TV in America?
Still been spamming it.
All right, let's move on, Jamie, what do you got for us?
Well um, how about some stuff about another game?
Puzzle Quest.
There's a sequel.
I never played Puzzle Quest, so I couldn't really tell you anything about the sequel.
But there is a, I actually don't really know much about Puzzle Quest.
I thought you had played this before, the Puzzle Quest game.
Not at all.
Huh, okay.
I played, I played Peggle.
There was Galactrix that came out that was supposed to be some type of sequel to Puzzle
Quest, but it wasn't really because they had this whole, it was based around hexagons.
So yeah, I was looking at the screen capture going, what am I looking at?
Which immediately, basically, it's bejeweled with, it's ye olde bejeweled, basically.
But then that also isn't 100% fair because they, especially Puzzle Quest, had all these
different other elements in it.
I mean, when you first play it, you're kind of like, oh, it's bejeweled with attacks.
But then you have to get into learning the spells, which was, you know, being able to
clear a board.
You had to get into sieging the towns.
You had to get into like just all this kind of almost micromanagement that you got into
as well, but people got really into this game.
Like my roommate, who doesn't play a lot of video games, played a shit ton of Puzzle Quest.
I think when I heard about all of that, I said, yeah, I don't want to play that.
Aww.
My wife did too.
That's right, yeah.
Your wife was into this too, huh?
Well, I guess now it's...
I think I was also busy playing Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
Possibly.
Well, Puzzle Quest II, I guess, is now going to be a proper sequel to the game.
So I don't know exactly what type of stuff is going to be in it, but there's an early
screenshot that's leaked out there, and apparently the game is in development for the 360, it
looks like?
Yeah.
It looks like colors and some ogres and some guy with a sword.
Now it's interesting though, because there's some new icons here I haven't seen before.
Like there's these different colored skulls, although one of them says plus three, so maybe
they just changed the color.
But then there's these fists, and I don't know what that's all about.
And there's no more gold icons either, so...
Maybe it means a hand comes out of the screen and punches a player in the face.
That would be unfortunate.
Puzzle Quest is a fun game.
Galactus couldn't get into it.
It was just a whole different way of thinking.
So.
There you go.
I saw there was a Neopets one, and I just wanted to laugh.
People still play Neopets?
I know, right?
Let me rephrase.
People over 13 still play Neopets?
I know, right?
Loki.
No one plays Neopets.
It's all...
It's all Gaia!
All a hoax.
Everyone's using Gaia now.
There is a new game that sort of had a...
I don't know if it leaked out or if it was an intentional leak or whatever.
Anyways, it looked like a multiplayer version of Mercenaries, the kind of open world action
game that was once part of Pandemic.
Now it has been confirmed that the trailer for Mercs Inc., the brand new game, is actually
legit.
It's being developed now not by Pandemic since, well, they kind of closed, and EA Los Angeles
is actually going to be working on that game, and it will be a multiplayer, or at least
have multiplayer in it, and it will be kind of a sandbox game, much like the other Mercenaries
games.
No word exactly when it's going to come out.
It's still a work in progress, and even the title's just kind of a work in progress, so.
It's neat, and hopefully it does come out, because I like Mercenaries 2 a little bit.
Granted, it was an incredibly buggy game, but that's what made it kind of fun, because
it was so buggy.
You'd like to exploit those buggy games, though.
I would say as much shit as you give a game like Driver 3 here on the show, you'd love
to play that game because it was so bad.
And same with Mercenaries 2.
It's just so buggy, but it's hilarious, because you'll just be watching, and you'll feel like,
what just happened there?
You know?
I don't know.
I'm reading some comments from our chat room, chat.orangetontrader.com, and there's a little
bit of Pagle versus Puzzle Quest going on there, just a little bit.
Rama says, Puzzle Quest got on my nerves.
I sold it.
I guess the micromanaging's not for everyone.
SHJ100Matt says, I've got more non-gamers hooked on Pagle than Puzzle Quest.
Pagle for the win.
I like Pagle.
I liked Puzzle Quest, too.
Pagle is my number one I'm stuck somewhere board game.
I like Pagle, because it reminds me of Plinko.
That's why I like Pagle.
You know, that's actually the same thought that I had about it, too.
Who didn't want to play Plinko whenever you watched that on The Price is Right?
But Pagle is so fun.
Like, I'm actually working on the challenge modes.
I've beaten one of them.
Yeah?
Yeah.
The extra orange.
We've got to beat more than one.
I know.
Keep trying.
What happened to him?
After Burner Climax.
Awesome game!
Hey, guess what?
Apparently it's been rated by the OFLC and also the Korean game rating board.
The indication is that it might be coming to the PlayStation Network.
The rating was applied for by Sony, so possibly this game is actually coming out to the PSN.
But then you also have to think, well, wait a minute, because there was an OutRun game
that was out not that long ago, and it was both systems, 360 and PSN.
So don't know if this game will hit both platforms.
I would assume it would.
Exclusives are very few and far between these days.
If they're going to bring, though, if they're going to bring After Burner Climax, which
by the way, they had it at John's Incredibly Sucky Pizza.
I remember that game.
That was so fun.
But, um, I would wish that they would bring out Planet Harrier.
And by the way, for those that don't know, After Burner Climax is an arcade cabinet that's
like old school After Burner.
Except better!
Yeah, but, you know, now it was modernized, basically.
Well, yeah, it has like a full hydraulic seat in it that moves and turns and everything.
Which sadly you won't be able to install in your chair, although if you're Loki, he'll
make one out of duct tape and cardboard boxes somehow.
I will not make any chairs.
And ballpoint pens.
Because you have to use a little spring as the ballpoint pen.
Anyway.
But if they can bring this out, why can't they bring out Planet Harrier?
Why?
They hate you.
Planet Harrier, Sega!
So check for that.
That might be coming soon if the ratings boards are to believed, which they usually are.
Just so you know.
Like, are those things ever wrong?
No.
Redotainment's funny.
Why?
What?
To quote After Burner Climax, is that what happens when Maverick ejaculates?
I really should have had that losing horn sound queued up tonight because we've needed
it several times.
Anyhow, let's open up ye old mailbag at mailbag at orangelandtrader.com is where you guys
can email us every week with your thoughts on the program or as we've been getting lately,
stories about your day, apparently.
So Dark Soccer likes to dive into the mailbag and pick some of our favorite emails and read
them for you here on the show.
So Dark Soccer, what's in the mailbag?
Well speaking of Redotainment, dear OLR, first of all, thank you for updating the podcast
feed.
Between these episodes, the other podcasts I listen to, the music I've recently pirated,
I haven't left entertainment to last me for the rest of the year at work.
What a whole month.
Second, can you send me the link for the article from last week about the guy marrying the
DS character?
Because I call bullshit.
A guy marrying a character from a DS game in Guam, the part about Guam alone screams
bullshit to me.
Now onto the reason I'm emailing.
Recently many of us have been sick, including Sky Dark Soccer and myself.
When you are sick at home, you need things to entertain you.
These things can include video games.
What video games do you suggest for someone who is sick at home?
This game should preferably need little input, doesn't agitate you much, and can be frequently
paused to enable you to visit the bathroom slash sick room on a frequent basis.
My suggestion is to get to ride on the Xbox Live Arcade.
Little input is required, it's entertaining without being agitating, and can be paused
at any time.
I say peggle on the iPhone because you can take it with you.
I gotta be honest, when I was home for a week with Swine Flu and all that, I wasn't really
playing video games at all.
Because I didn't want to think.
I watched movies.
That was more my time to catch up on movies and TV shows.
When I'm sick, really, I watch The Muppet Show.
The last time I had, well remember when I had the plague?
And then I thought I had Plague 2.0?
But it wasn't Plague 2.0, it was just another sinus infection?
I did nothing for three days but sit and eat burritos and watch The Muppet Show.
Because I also have this thing for Mexican food when I'm sick.
Okay, listeners, I've gotta ask her, did you see the Bohemian Rhapsody video this week?
No.
Jamie.
That's, I even reposted it on my Twitter.
You need to go onto YouTube and look up Muppets Bohemian Rhapsody.
It's an official thing that the Muppet company did this week, and it's amazing.
But, but, but, but Queen.
It's, it's, but it's the Muppets.
It's okay.
Mmm.
You like parodies.
I do.
You'll like it.
Okay, well, also I need a gift for someone who will be approximately five days old on
Christmas Day.
Diapers.
No, no, I'm serious.
I'm serious.
Buy diapers.
Buy big, big boxes of diapers.
For a five year old?
Five days old, Rob.
Oh, five days old.
Oh.
The, the baby can't see shit, except maybe read, seriously, and is gonna be eating all
the time and shitting.
Buy the present, buy, eating, shitting, crying, and that's it.
And trying to figure out what this big blur in front of its face is.
Do a favor.
Buy diapers.
Buy diapers.
For mommy.
For baby.
Because diapers are expensive and you need a lot of them.
And I only know this because I know mommies.
Buy diapers.
And butt paste, just because it's funny.
No, seriously, whenever I go, whenever I go to a baby shower, I make sure that I do like
a care basket and put butt paste in it, because I just want an excuse to buy something called
butt paste.
It makes it sound like you're, it's gonna glue it shut.
It's for diaper ash.
I know what it's for, but it's just funny.
The name is hilarious.
Butt paste.
I mean, just the way it rolls off.
Can you say it anymore on the show tonight?
Rob, give it a try.
Butt paste.
See?
Isn't that great?
Knock knock.
Who's there?
Butt.
Butt who?
Butt paste.
See, that's funny.
No, it's not funny.
It's just not, sorry.
Butt paste.
It's just hilarious.
Moving on.
Okay.
This was brought to you by, oh, sorry, Stay Care Entertainment.
This message has been brought to you by prayer, the preferred birth control method of the
state of Utah.
That's funny.
It is hilarious.
Ooh.
A long one from Spazinator.
Hi, folks.
Hi, Spazinator.
I just thought I'd send you through this email just in case I accidentally fall asleep like
I did last week, dammit, and end up not calling as a result.
I initially intended to pass the following information along to other listeners out there
who have been following my situation for the past two weeks.
I just thought I'd give a little detailed information.
Well, the Monday afternoon after OLR's episode 244 aired live two weeks ago, I placed two
phone calls to Sony's customer service number.
The initial call, as you may have suspected, didn't go well.
I had explained my situation as clearly and calmly as I could.
After bring, oh, must be being put on hold for an insanely long time, I was told that
they couldn't do anything for me.
It goes without saying that this tidbit of info did not sit well with me, and I was not
about to let it just drop.
If need be, I was prepared to be a major thorn in their sides until something was done.
A short while later, I had placed a second call to Sony and had asked to speak with a
supervisor.
The customer service rep that initially answered the call took down some basic info and connected
me with a supervisor who, if I remember correctly, was named Gerald.
Can I just intervene real quick and say, usually when you get put on hold for a long length
of time, and you would know this too, Jamie, I know you worked in a call center for a while
and I trained for one and a half for many years.
Usually it's not because they just want to sit there and not do anything while they have
you on hold.
Usually they don't know the answer or they're trying to find out.
That's usually why you're on hold for so long, not all the time, but usually.
No, well, I'll tell you, where I worked, we actually would have, and reps would be marked
down for this, that they'd have a two-minute hold time maximum, and, well, we don't do
it like that anymore, but we used to have a training queue that we would answer training
calls to our reps on the phone, or we would also take the escalated calls, you know, the
pissed off people, which I loved.
I was good at it.
But anyway, we, but we'd always go back and say, hey, you've had this person on hold for
this long, go let them know that you're still talking to somebody.
Yeah, and any call center I've been in contact with has a very similar policy.
Sony probably doesn't need one, because customer service probably isn't their top priority.
Hate to say it, but, you know, they don't need it.
Sadly, they're the only people to make the PS3, you know, customer service is not probably
their forte, although.
But in some cases, too, like when I was actually on the floor doing calls, I would actually
run and go to the source of something, which we weren't technically supposed to do, but
I knew everybody in the other department, so sometimes you may have just someone who's
in the know and knows where to go to find out what you need.
So give them the benefit of the doubt.
Right.
However, moving forward.
Again, for what seemed like the trillionth time, I explained as clearly as I could in
detail what the situation was and conveyed how upset I was that I no longer was able
to use the content that I had paid tons of money for.
I also mentioned how aggravated I was due to how previous calls went.
Ultimately, the supervisor agreed to allow me to redownload my paid content, again, as
a one-time deal.
He also made a point to mention that it would take a few days for everything to fully show
up on my download queue due to two factors.
One, I had bought a lot of stuff, and two, they had to go through it all and reauthorize
it manually as soon as the state was going to take some time.
Considering all that, I had profusely thanked the supervisor and told him that I was thankful
for this.
Ultimately, everything started showing up on my list late Tuesday night, which I started
downloading.
The first wave basically took all day to fully download.
The second wave occurred roughly at the same time the following night, and again took a
considerable amount of time, even with high-speed cable.
Needless to say, two weeks later, I now have all my content back.
That's good.
Hooray.
On...
Did you...
I was yawning, but I wanted to say hooray.
Sorry.
I wasn't yawning at the email.
I promise.
On...
Well, I...
On a semi-related note, I am still likely to use the service, however.
The whole incident and subsequent frustration I've had as a result of the initial calls
will most likely give me something to consider on a regular basis if and when I think about
using the PSN store.
I lucked out this time, but if, God forbid, next time, I may not necessarily be so lucky.
So this email was just a little on the long side.
Considering that, as of late, the mailbag has been a little light, I figured you three
wouldn't necessarily mind too much.
Thanks again for your input and help in the whole situation.
Believe me, it's greatly appreciated.
And that's from Spaznator.
Also, he typed this whole thing, I think, on the PlayStation browser.
Wow.
Or the PSP, so...
That's impressive.
So, yeah.
Very good.
Very few errors.
I'm quite proud of you.
And last email.
Um, hey olr, sorry about, oh, this is, oh, this is from the person who didn't sign it
again.
Um, okay.
Hey olr, sorry about last week, I didn't put my name on my email last week.
My screen name for my Xbox and everything is DaMoney125, but I'm gonna change it, maybe,
something Fallout related.
Okay?
Um, I had that screen name ever since 1998, so it's long overdue.
You know what?
I've had Dark Sakura since, uh, 1994.
So I take that back.
Ninety-four, no.
Late ninety-four.
So.
Yeah.
Just saying.
I've cycled through several, but, um, I landed on Sky, and, I don't know, I kind of used
that.
But I don't really, I don't even like using online names anymore.
No.
Just call me Rob, it's fine.
For me, it's a convenient login tool, so I can use it on everything.
Sure, sure.
Yeah.
Um, my graphics, uh, let me, okay, there we go.
I had that screen name since 1998, so it's long overdue.
Anyway, I was wondering if you guys will ever post another YouTube video.
My graphics card from my computer is coming soon, and I'm sure everyone will want to see
the room you guys broadcast from.
No you don't.
No you don't.
You do not want to see the disaster this room is right now.
I will say I did take a picture of the mixing board, and I took a picture of the computer
setup tonight, and put them on our picture feed, so.
I also uploaded my photos of the cardboard slash cabinet, you know, that's, uh, in the
process of, you know, work on.
Oh, sweet.
Not so much yet, because, you know, I just took a few quick pictures, and they're probably
not even, um, I don't know, I just took a few in case I ever wanted to explain how I
made it.
Oh, God, there it is, your cardboard box with buttons.
Amazing.
Sorry, Jamie.
No, it's fine.
Better in person.
Well, um, you should color it with magic marker.
I know, really.
Or a paint pen or something.
That'd be funny.
I originally wanted to just do it just in plain cardboard.
Electrical tape!
No, seriously, electrical tape.
Get that cool vinyl look to it.
Well, I have duct tape.
I was thinking of wrapping some of it in duct tape, I don't know.
Use colored duct tape.
It's gonna look very ghetto when it's done.
That's gonna be great.
Anyway, um, yeah, actually this room is ready for a complete cleanup, because, um, I have
these storage bins that have been sitting here on the floor forever, and I'm ready to
start using them.
I just, also, to let anyone know too, this is sort of related, I'm getting rid of a whole
bunch of manga, and different books, including a few, I think I'm gonna get rid of my gothic
and lolita magazines, so if anyone wants them, let me know.
We'll work something out.
Back to the email.
Um, also, when Loki's arcade cabinet works, maybe we could see Loki drunk playing Daytona
USA.
Haha, just kidding.
Well, I'm writing this from my Blackberry at Christmas party, so I better go.
But before I go, and this, by the way, halfway through the email, before I go, I hope you
guys check out Fallout 3, or even Fallout 1, I recommend that you guys play Fallout
1 first, since the third one is in first person, and I know how dark soccer gets motion sick.
Aww, thank you, that's so sweet.
Also, I think it's free to play on gamertap, on gametap.
The third one has a game of the year edition, now with all five download content packs that
I highly recommend anyone who hasn't played a Fallout game.
Actually, I've, Becky's husband has Fallout 3, and I saw him play some of it, and it looked
really cool.
I, you know, like I said, I wouldn't be able to do too much of it.
Not to mention how much of a deal it is, well I hope you guys check those out now, if you'll
excuse me, I've got gifts to open, sent from my Verizon wireless Blackberry.
Wow, we got a crack, we got regular email, a Crackberry, and a PSP all tonight, that's
pretty amazing.
Well, I'm gonna double check and see if we've got any more, just because I'm nice.
Nope.
Plank.
You can send in an email, mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com is the place to send them.
But for now, it's time for us to get a little bit angsty here on the program, because you
know, sometimes things piss us off.
And so a special holiday edition of the FUs of the Week.
Oh, this is bad.
Here is justice.
Here is punishment.
Here is a fucked up.
DarkSakura, what's on your mind tonight that you want to get out of your chest?
The fact that I still need to, um, FU to me, because I still need to do the faceplate that
we were gonna autograph.
FU!
Yeah, and you know, I had it set out.
That's alright.
We'll get it.
You know, but still, I feel bad about myself because I just remembered it.
And also, um, a secondary FU to me for not actually cleaning my room today, or yesterday.
I came home very intoxicated last night.
Awesome.
My car is over at Becky's house.
She will be bringing it to me, and I will be taking her home.
So FU to me and Boddington Dale.
But bless you for doing the right thing and not driving home drunk.
That was the right thing to do.
Because I'm amazing.
Bogey.
FU to burning myself on my finger with the soldering iron, because I decided for some
reason to grab the tip of the soldering iron to move it to the side.
Not smart.
Just like that, and like, OWWW, as it sizzled.
Well, maybe I'm the only one not giving an FU to myself tonight, although it does have
to kind of do with me.
FU to my back, because I don't know what I did.
I think I might have slept on it wrong or something, but it's been like hurting me for
like a week, and it sucks, and back pain is never any fun, and it just makes me remember
that I'm getting old.
FU to getting old.
I know a lot of you people listening to this show are like, I'm 21 now.
I'm old.
FU.
Wait about 10 years, then I'll tell you.
Of course, then again, of course, a lot of my friends that are in their 40s would say
I'm being just as big of a whiner, so what can you do?
Age is just a number.
Loki, why don't you give us another story, and then just a couple more stories here.
We're going to make our way to the Skype line, where you guys can give us a call at 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or of course our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
So we'll have that open very soon, just after a couple more stories.
Now, apparently, not to delay themselves from jumping on the bandwagon too late, Microsoft
has decided to go ahead and patent their own Xbox 360 hint system, very similar to what
we saw with the Super Guide on the Nintendo.
You may remember that.
The first game that had that was New Super Mario Brothers.
This new patent, though, it doesn't really say what they're going to do exactly, but
it's going to have some more guides and digital, kind of like brief audio commentaries or stuff
that adds portions of the screen that kind of give you hints and stuff like that.
So it's just kind of a generic system that maybe they're going to include in some games
going forward to make them more approachable for casual gamers.
Gene, have I heard this before?
I guess it's a neat idea.
We kind of gave the whole hint system crap for the Wii and stuff like that, and it really
ended up that it was so behind the scenes like stuff that really shouldn't have been
brought up.
And in other words, people were reading way too much into the trademark and the patent
documents, but to be fair, we've also only seen it implemented in one game.
We don't know what it's going to look like in the next Zelda game or some other games
that Nintendo might have in the future, just saying.
But yeah, maybe a lot of us jumped the gun, and that's what happens.
So I don't know, do you think Xbox 360 is just like, hey, Nintendo's got a good idea,
let's copy it, or do you think they're really going in a different direction with this?
I don't think they were just trying to take the same approach, not necessarily just because
Nintendo did it, but maybe had the same ideas.
To be fair, Microsoft does this sort of thing very well, where if somebody's got an idea,
they sort of take it and make it better.
Well, also they're trying to broaden themselves out.
They kind of have the opposite problem as Nintendo.
They're really trying to broaden the audience so much so that they don't really have any
core games for the core gamer, I guess.
But Microsoft has a lot of core games, but they're trying to broaden themselves out to
more of a family audience.
And you might say that the Xbox 360 is probably a little bit more daunting for someone that
hasn't played games so far to pick up and learn how to play.
Too many buttons!
That's a retarded excuse, but I've heard it.
I know, yeah.
Too many buttons, hey, you use a keyboard at work, do you?
Well, yeah.
Well, how many buttons are on there?
Yeah, I thought so.
Shut up, bitch.
All right, one more story for you guys tonight, and it has to do with Alienware computers.
Alienware computers are coming now preloaded with Steam.
Of course, those Alienware computers, those are those high-end gaming machines that they
sell.
Think like a Dell or an HP.
In fact, didn't one of these buy Alienware?
Dell.
Yeah, Dell bought Alienware a couple of years ago, so it's everything in a box, which is
perfect for the non-lokies of the world, the people that can't build their own machines.
I know we have a mixture of people that listen to this show, but Alienware is also known
for being very expensive.
Well, Alienware is now actually bundling with their all-powerful systems.
These actually, I got to admit, they're kind of cool-looking, the whole black and red thing.
I mean, if you're going to pay that much money for a system, it might as well look kind of
awesome.
So if you buy one of these all-powerful systems, they're actually shipping with Steam.
Steam comes on these systems.
Part of the reason why is because Portal is a free game that's included, which of course
was a Valve game that they did release through Steam.
I actually bought, that was the very first game I ever bought through Steam, was Portal.
So no, second game, because I bought AudioSurf 2.
But regardless, Steam is now coming in bundled with these systems, which for these box systems
is not really new news.
I know I talked about earlier, and it's funny kind of to bring this full circle because
Jamie had a story earlier about Steamworks, and I was saying, aren't those Google toolbars
and all that other crap that tries to install with the program kind of annoying?
But this, you sort of grow to expect that when you buy these computers in a box, they
come preloaded with tons of crap.
Bloatware.
Yeah, it's, what do they call that?
Bloatware.
I've never heard of that, bloatware.
That's a good term for it.
But yeah, the antivirus demo is installed, and the trial of Microsoft Office is already
on the computer.
So this honestly just seems like another logical step to me.
It is kind of a kick in the groin to the competitors, like direct to drive and so forth.
But what are you going to do?
I guess you could say the Microsoft Office has its competitors too, and they get to jump
up on some of these systems and so forth.
Going to our chat room for some comments at chat.orangelaunchrater.com, Salacious Pop
says, Alienware has a build your own shopping cart, a la the Apple site, where you can build
a system for $7,000 without really trying.
Pleasurezaco says, Skyit is hella cheaper to build your own PC than to buy from Alienware.
Can they be as pretty though?
Because I gotta say, those systems are very nice looking.
You'd be surprised what you can find in cases nowadays.
Although I gotta say, the new computer we've got for the show is pretty sleek looking.
That's a nice looking little box.
And they didn't, that wasn't even trying.
I mean seriously, there's a lot of nice...
It doesn't light up pretty, but it looks nicer than the one I've got for myself.
Nowadays, it's almost hard to find a case that doesn't light up.
I mean, seriously, my computer at the time I think cost me $1,700, and I put in not entirely
top of the line stuff, but I put in stuff to overclock a dual core processor pretty
heavily.
I mean, so it's not top of the line, but it's not bottom of the line, that's for sure.
And it still runs stuff nowadays pretty well.
Without $1,700, if you're spending like $7,000, holy shit.
I mean, there's no way...
I don't know if that was an exaggeration or not.
Part of me says it probably wasn't.
You can, I mean, even if you bought all the top of the line stuff, I still don't see how
it costs that much.
I mean, I really don't, I don't know.
I'm looking at some of the other comments here.
Act Def says, the general consumer doesn't know how to build a computer and will go for
something that's already built.
That's clearly where they're making their money.
Tiger Claw says, here's the thing.
What is more important, the way the case looks or the performance of the system?
I choose the latter.
And no, in all seriousness, and for myself and not playing devil's advocate here, obviously
you're not staring at the box the whole time.
You're staring at what's on the monitor.
The box is just for impressing people at landmarks.
My computer lights up.
My power supply lights up.
Mine lights up like a bluish color, but it's nothing special.
My favorite, I think, computer that anyone ever built was the one built into a tall tackle
box, a metal, no, a tall metal toolbox.
And I got to say, maybe lesson learned here, I didn't build my own computer the last time
I bought a computer because I'm not quite as talented as Loki or whatever.
And I thought maybe I was getting a really good deal because I bought my computer for
a certain price that was kind of low to me, but now I'm learning, should have got a better
video card and some of these other things I should have considered better at the time.
Well, lesson learned.
You know, one thing I would change if I were to go back and actually make my computer again
is I would not buy another graphics card to run SLI, because I have two graphics cards
in mine.
And they're both EVGA, GTS, 8800 graphics cards with a half gig RAM in each one.
I mean, in the games that run SLI, it's awesome, but most stuff out there does not support
SLI.
So it's kind of pointless.
I did it for Crysis, but Crysis got boring really fast.
Bummer.
But it ran well.
All right.
We're going to open up the Skype line now, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is
OrangeLoungeRadio.
We're going to take your calls live here for a little bit, and then we'll start to wrap
up the show.
Meanwhile, while we wait for the calls to come in, because there's a little bit of a
delay from studio to encoding to the all-game server to you guys hearing it, let's see if
there's any last-minute stories.
There's a rumor that there's going to be some exclusive characters for Sonic and Sega All-Star
Racing, including for the Xbox 360 that Banjo-Kazooie might be in.
That's from some work-in-progress box shots that are appearing, I guess, on their UK site.
So that's kind of interesting.
Also there's a fun little website I was looking at earlier that you can create your own Zelda
scenes with the Zelda II text generator.
And if you go check it out, it's at ZeldaPower.com, and it's under their features, the Adventures
of Link text box toy.
You can make all sorts of weird scenes.
But it's not, you can't actually put them in the game, right?
No.
Just to make little web pages or stuff for forums and stuff like that.
So it's kind of neat.
Great, more forum macros, just what we needed.
And then also there is a rumor that apparently you're going to be able to attend some of
these gaming conferences through your Xbox 360.
One of the, I guess, new things they're talking about is, imagine an interactive online version
of E3, BlizzCon, Gamescom, Comic Con, and every other major video game convention were
made available through Xbox Live.
So it's something that is being put out there.
I guess it's coming from some guy who works in the game industry, VG Market, I guess.
They have a, looks like it's another survey, a market research survey.
And we know about those market research surveys.
They end up coming true.
There's a lot of comments there in chat about the SLI.
Danger Skew in our chat says, I agree with the SLI argument.
You should never build a computer with SLI from the beginning, only if you need more
power later.
And Tiger Claw says, you only need SLI if you have a huge-ass monitor.
It's meant to handle graphics at higher resolutions.
If you have a 19-inch widescreen monitor and only one Nvidia card, you're good to go.
Again, those comments are coming from chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Especially nowadays with the Nvidia cards are actually multi-processor anyway.
So it's like having two cards already.
So probably no need to have more than that.
Still waiting to see if any calls come in at 1877 Game OLR.
Is Skype all fucked up today?
Is that what's going on?
I had something awful linked to me, Rob.
Skype was acting weird earlier, but yeah, what's that?
A trailer for New King of Fighters movie.
And it...
Like a real movie?
Yeah, and it has Ray Park in it, and I watched some of it and I wanted to cry because I'm
like, where's Q?
Is it an American movie?
Yeah, it's American.
Or is this something that's being made overseas?
Really?
I didn't know they were making that.
I think...
Ugh, God.
You would think I would have heard about this sooner.
Why don't I send you the link?
Okay.
So we can play how awful it is on the air.
Hold on.
We're getting a call.
Hi, you're on Orangelaungeradio.
Who's this?
It's Legend of Zaku.
Well, hi, Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Nothing much.
Just trying to get over this whole Thanksgiving ordeal.
I know.
Go behind.
It's a bummer we all have to go back to work tomorrow, but you know, such is life.
Well, yeah, basically, I know we barely cover the DDR and Bomani scene, but I figured you
already know by now that DDRX2 has an arcade release.
Well, it's going to be released in Japan.
We'll mention it once in a while.
We don't mention every little story like we used to, but any of the big things will come
up.
There was a location test last week, and I did read something on the internet this week
that somebody out there in Japan was bringing back reports of what was in the location test,
which was a lot of your BeatMania 2DX-style artists and a lot of the Konami house originals,
which I think is DDR's biggest problem right now in cracking the mainstream is that I realize
people love their Konami originals.
I do, too.
There's a lot of talented artists.
It's never going to break into the mainstream unless they start building some good licenses.
That all depends on what licenses they end up including in the final version, but right
now, apparently, a lot of the community, from the consensus I'm hearing right now, is that
they actually...
Yeah, I'm actually hearing good consensus from them.
I'm actually hearing a lot of good things in terms of the song selection, but that's
pretty much it.
They may be skeptical as to whether or not they could execute the same version, the same
Japanese version, to America, which we already know how much of a disaster DDRX was.
Was it?
I didn't really...
I have to admit, I haven't been following DDRX closely.
Yeah, the fucked up pads and the countless number of fixes afterwards.
Even my pads, even my Dave and Buster's managed to get a DDRX cab that couldn't even last
a month.
It was not even playable.
The fact that there's not that many machines around.
The fact that they killed off our free kids made it even worse, so I pretty much consider
that a failure.
The way I see it is that I think Supernova is a baseline, because that managed to spread,
and that managed to have good coverage all around.
Just about most of the places I could think off the top of my head that had Supernova
at one point, but then when I try to do the same thing for DDRX, it's just I can.
I can only think of one place.
One place that wasn't Coney Island that no longer had the machine, but that's it.
Honestly, Zaku, I just want to play Fourth Mix Plus.
I already had that chance.
I've already played that last summer back on 8 on the break, when they basically threw
it on their machine.
Well, no, I mean, I've played it before, but I'm just saying, with all these fancy new
mixes and all that stuff going on, I miss Fourth Plus.
Fourth Plus was the bomb, that was the best mix they ever did.
On the 8th on the break, apparently they're doing, they've been throwing Fourth and Fifth
Mix around pretty recently.
I don't know if they're still doing it now, but that's what they were doing a couple of
months ago.
I'm pretty sure Milpitas Golf Land here locally, I haven't been there in a couple years, granted.
Well, maybe not that long, maybe about a year.
They still had a Fourth Mix Plus last time I was there, so props to them.
And now, of course, I've started the classic amongst the longtime listeners of the show
that are DDR nerds from the beginning.
The Fourth Mix Plus versus Fifth Mix debate.
My bad.
Fifth Mix was pretty badass, too.
Where else can you play Moonlight Shadow?
I'll give you that.
Fifth Mix was awesome.
All right.
Yeah.
All right.
Look, please, is there anything else on your mind this week besides just the DDRX2?
Basically going on what you said about Alienware, you can build yourself a PC for less than
a thousand, a really good gaming rig for less than a thousand clocks.
You just have to look hard and deep, and you've got to really consider what you prioritize,
graphics, sound, or both.
That's pretty much it.
I've managed to get mine for $1,700 and change when I built it, but it still runs pretty
good as of today.
Obviously, it can't do 60 frames per crisis, but it can play stuff like Left 4 Dead, Team
Fortress 2 pretty well.
Just the better of how much you're willing to spend on something like that.
I think that's important, too, is prioritizing.
What do you really want out of your machine?
If you buy a cheapo graphics card but buy a bit monitor, it's not going to do a lot
of good.
Right.
You've got to get at least something, at least Geforce 9 or better right now.
That should do you good for another year or two before you have to refresh.
All right.
Well, Zaku, we're going to let you go so we can get some more calls, see if anybody else
is trying to call tonight.
Have a good one.
Okay, buddy?
All right.
All right.
Later, buddy.
All right.
1-877-GAME-OLR, if you'd like to give us a call, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Either way will do it.
I will keep the phone lines open a little bit longer to see if anyone wants to get through.
I know some people told me earlier they wanted to call in.
I'm not sure if they're going to try to get through or what.
Do we have any other last minute stories?
I sent you the link.
Oh, yes.
Oh, thank you.
I forgot about it.
Oh, and of course, we're getting another call.
We'll bring up the link for after this, though.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is XLink.
Hi, XLink.
How are you doing?
Hey, doing good.
I was playing a game recently that I'd like to talk a little bit about, if it's okay with
you.
Of course.
What's up?
I was playing a game called Gyromancer.
It was the new one from Pop Games and Square Enix.
Yes, the Marriage of Popcat Games and Square Enix.
I played the demo for this.
Have you played the full version?
I've been playing the full version, and the full version is not that much different than
the demo.
You can level up your monsters a lot more, and I've been playing just a little bit.
I haven't gone through the whole game exactly as of yet.
I've been playing during downtime for a while, so...
I imagine it takes some time.
PC or 360?
PC.
Okay.
What do you think?
What are your thoughts on it?
I like it.
I like, because I'm a big Blitz, Bejeweled and Bejeweled Blitz fan, and I think they're
taken more after Bejeweled Blitz, because the fact that you have to rotate the pieces
to make the lines this time around, I like it a lot more.
It's a lot more difficult than going, okay, well, I'm going to take this and switch these
two around.
It's not like two pieces.
You have to switch actually four around in a counter-clockwise position.
It's so funny you compare it to Bejeweled Blitz, because I was literally, literally
having this conversation last night with somebody about Bejeweled versus Bejeweled Twist or
Gyromancer or what have you, that for me, when I tried to play the demo for Gyromancer,
I was having such a hard time conceptualizing the twist, because I was so used to playing
Bejeweled Blitz and just regular Bejeweled 2 and so forth, that I kept wanting to swap
the gems to make lines of three, like it was very hard for me to kind of change that and
do the twist.
And then the other thing that really messes with me is that in Bejeweled Blitz or any
other version of Bejeweled, you have to make a move every turn that causes gems to disappear.
In Gyromancer, your twists do not have to cause three to line up.
People get higher scores and even penalized, you know, if it doesn't, and higher scores
if they do, but I just had such a hard time kind of getting used to that idea.
I mean, it didn't ruin the game for me, I still think it's kind of interesting, but
I just think I'm going to suck at it, because I always play Bejeweled Blitz, because I want
my E-peen to have me at the top of the leaderboard, even though that never happens.
Most definitely.
You get more points by doing that, but also at the same time, though, like if you do a
move and you don't make three, it would cause the enemy's power to grow a little bit each
time, so you want to make those lines, you want to make the ones, because you get like,
for each of your characters, you get like a certain color, so you want to make those
lines with the color that your creature represents, so that way you can use your powers and take
more.
It's cool because it had like a life, it added more of a really role-playing element
to it with the hit points, so like you do certain moves and it'll take away hit points
away from the other enemy, depending on how many was chained or what was happening, you
know.
It has a lot of the element to Puzzle Quest to it, but it's a lot of fun, though.
Good thing it fucks.
I was going to ask, did you play any Puzzle Quest previously at all?
I did.
I played the original Puzzle Quest.
Not the galaxy, because it looked a little too sci-fi, and the way the board was set
up was like, oh my god, what the hell.
Yeah, the hexagon thing was too much of a departure, I think, for some of us, which
in a way is similar to the whole thing that bugs me about the twist, but that's okay.
So how do you feel about this game compared to Puzzle Quest?
I like it.
It has a lot of the Puzzle Quest-type feel to it, but it's more story-line driven and
more, there's a little more interaction that I would say than that, so.
But like I said before, for a puzzle game, $15, it was Pop Game and Square Enix.
You can't really go too wrong with it, so I mean.
That's true.
It is a damn good price, so it's pretty cool how there's been all this puzzle game resurgence
in the past couple years, especially these very, very fleshed out type of puzzle games
between what Q Entertainment has been giving us with Luminous and so forth, and now, you
know, these RPG meets PopCap games.
It's pretty fascinating.
I just use it mostly, like I said before, as a time killer.
If I want something to fill in at 15 minutes, I usually just load it up and then play it,
you know, or maybe play like one level a day or something, so that way I don't get overkill
of it, so.
I'm surprised this game hasn't shown up on every platform.
I'm sure it's just a matter of time before it's on the iPhone.
Well, right now, I know it's for the Xbox and PC, but I don't know if they're going
to expand it over that.
I think they're trying to wait to see what happens first beforehand, so.
Right.
Very interesting.
Well, anything else on your mind tonight, XLink?
Not really.
You know, that, I mean, I got confused a good deal from Steam when it was doing the Black
Friday stuff.
Well, yeah.
What did you jump in on?
Oh.
Knights of the Old Republic.
I definitely picked that up for 250.
I heard about that.
250.
That's an amazing deal.
You know, and you've got to wonder how Steam makes money off of it.
My thought is they're selling these games at cost, and they're just getting people
to install Steam to get these hella good deals.
And maybe even, you know, kind of the idea behind the consoles, they're taking a little
bit of a loss over these games, you know, especially a game like Knights of the Old
Republic that hasn't really generated buzz, well, I mean, I guess I shouldn't put it
that way.
But, you know, it's years old.
It's years old, so.
Well, you had to think about it this way.
If something was sitting around, like, say, for example, even in the video store, a game
was sitting around, and it wasn't doing anything, and they're going, they put a price
of 250 on there, and they know it's going to hit, then they, you know, at least they're
making something out of nothing.
So, I mean, they're making money somehow.
So, I mean.
True.
True.
So, maybe it's arranged with these companies.
I don't know.
I'm holding out hope that Torchlight is in tomorrow's deals, because I really wanted
to pick that up.
So, I'm waiting to see them.
Yeah.
Well, you know, you get what you pay for.
Kind of like I kind of kicked myself in the ass for picking up Fallout 3, and then two
months down the road, they're like, oh, by the way, the Game of the Year edition, same
price.
And you get all the downloadable content to go with it.
Oh, bummer.
But I did pick up Civ IV also from Go Gamer when they're doing their Black Friday deals
for 10 bucks.
Nice.
Which was the complete edition.
So, that was very nice.
Very nice.
Compared to that of five bucks from Best Buy.
So.
All right.
Well.
We'll see you in the game.
Excellent.
We're going to let you go, so we can try and get maybe one more call in.
But have a great night, okay?
Definitely.
Thank you.
And thanks for the review on Gyromancer.
One eight seven seven Game O-L-R, or his name on Skype, is Orange Launch Radio.
I did get that video brought up here that DarkStalker was talking about earlier.
Let me look at a little bit of a clip here.
It does look like an actual, like, movie.
I just never knew they were making a movie out of King of Fighters.
Or maybe.
Is that mine?
Yeah, this definitely looks direct to video.
No?
Okay, whatever.
It'll be fun for Phantom Martial Arts movies and stuff, I'm sure.
Part of my soul cried.
Yeah, I don't know what else to say.
Hi, Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, hey.
It's Ronma.
Hi, hey.
What's up?
Not too much.
I'll make this brief, because, um, since you guys are talking about DDR and so forth,
funny little anecdote popped up in Anime USA that I have to share with you guys is
the funniest thing I've ever heard.
Alright.
Okay, um, I'm not sure if you guys covered this about the whole, think you guys did the
whole Konami DDR tournament that was going that they were having?
Yeah, I came up on the show, people emailed us about it, and, you know, we were kinda
giving our spin on it.
Not enough notice on it, I think, for it to be taken as seriously as they wanted it to
be.
Yeah.
But, if I'm not mistaken, I believe there was also a cutoff point for the tournament.
You had to be under a certain age to compete.
Yes, I remember that, like, so officially DDR has turned its back on me.
Yes.
Yeah, from what I understand, they're saying the cutoff date was like 31 or 32, which I
call shenanigans on, but, um, one of the people I know in the DDR fandom community, um, I
believe it was DDR.O Bill, he told me how it was crazy that they were having this, and
I ran to another friend of mine, Jim the Fly, at Anime USA.
He told me that the guy that was hosting the tournament, who more or less put the rules
together, he himself had a heart attack.
What?
Yeah.
Wait, the guy who, wait, are you, like, a heart attack, like, literally had a heart
attack?
Yeah.
Was it- That's a hardcore tournament.
Was it related to this, or was it just unfortunate timing?
It's just odd timing, because everyone's saying he was, like, 33, 34, something like that,
you know?
Oh, God.
Wow.
That's a, yeah.
Yeah, wow.
That's a little close to home.
Wow.
That's-
Karma's kind of fucked up, isn't it?
Well, yeah, hold on.
I would never, you know, even if it was, let's say, it's just, like, the worst of the worst
bottom of the barrel video game personality, like, for instance, this guy who's suing all
the companies for these ludicrous reasons, I would not wish a heart attack upon them.
I would wish-
Neither would I, but I just find this, just, odd, it's, like, he's about, you can't be
over a certain age to compete, this, this, and this, and then, boom, he has a heart attack.
I'm like, what?
Well, you know, I think it's just an unfortunate coincidence, you know, people get sick as
they get older, and-
You have to be this age to compete, because this is what, ugh!
How about you have to have a blood pressure under a certain, you know, instance.
Well, I think it's sad, and I don't want to make jokes about it, you know, and I don't
care if you all hate the fucking rules, or whatever, but I just don't think we would
ever want to wish that upon somebody, and I hope he gets better soon, but I think what
I can speak to is the tournament itself, and, you know, the rules and the tournament itself
seemed a little silly, and was just hastily thrown together, and I think that's why it
didn't get probably the type of coverage that hopefully Konami was going for.
Perhaps so, but you know what?
I think I'm gonna host my own National DDR tournament, and you can be up to whatever
age you want, if you need to bring your walker, your wheelchair, your cane to compete, that's
fine.
Hold on, though, hold on, though, because, like, you know, then I'll bring a cane and
use it to hit the arrows and, and so forth, that would be cheating.
There was the guy, though, who, uh, who, uh, played on crutches.
Freestyle's different.
And he mostly PA'd, too.
Did he?
Wow.
Yeah.
I don't, is, is playing with crutches, like, holding the bar, though?
No.
No, he had one leg.
Did he really?
Yeah.
Well, that's, I'm, we're not thinking-
There's a video up on YouTube.
We're not thinking of the same guy, then.
So.
And if it might, I think he's actually from New York.
It's been a while.
Does Ramen know him?
I don't know.
Probably not.
No, but Zaku might.
All right.
Well, Rama, we're gonna let you go and, uh, you know, be safe, us 30-year-olds.
Oh, I am.
Clearly.
I just have my Geritol Shake.
I have saved some for you.
Yeah.
Thank you.
I use Insure, but thank you.
All right.
All right now.
Bye, Rama.
All right.
Later.
Well, that, I mean, that's unfortunate, like, you know, I don't care what fucked-up tournament
he planned.
I mean, heart attacks suck, you know, that's, that's, that's, I hope he's okay, for God's
sake.
Yeah.
I hope to hell we didn't get a call like that if the poor guy passed away, but I doubt that's
the case or we would have heard more about it.
All right.
So, get well soon, guy, and, and, and plan your tournament six months in advance next
time and maybe we'll have, be able to actually, uh, save the money from the change in the
couch to go.
Anyhow, that's gonna do it for the Skypline tonight.
If you guys didn't get through, please, you can always feel free to leave us a, um, message
at mailbag at orangelaundry.com or, of course, the Twitter and, of course, the Facebook and
all those social networks we interact with.
We have eyes and ears everywhere.
But for now, it's about time to wrap up the show.
But in order to do that, we have to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Um, I'll start tonight.
My final thought is I need Advil or something that will make my back feel better because
it sucks.
I, I have some.
I might take you up on that or just get, do it when I get home.
It's, it's not like killing me.
Otherwise I'd like be going to a doctor tomorrow.
But it's just annoying.
It's annoying.
Loki, what's your final thought tonight?
My final thought is this, um, Doom with, uh, Mega Man looks kind of interesting.
What?
It's a, uh, Doom mod with, with Mega Man.
It's got, like, all the 8-bit sprites and everything.
That's fantastic.
Kind of amazing, actually.
I'm so downloading that.
Is that out?
Like, released publicly?
Um, it's, uh, it's a Deathmatch mod and, um, I'm not sure if it's out yet to download.
The official website, um, cut, looks like, uh, cutstuff.net slash blog slash question
mark p equals 1677.
That'll, uh, pull it up for you and you can check it out.
And it's, um, it's got a public alpha version right now.
Mega Man Deathmatch.
Um, DarkSakurai, your final thought tonight?
End of line.
And, uh, my final thought tonight would be, um, I, oh, no, I already said my final thought.
I was like, wait, I already said something.
I thought I was last for a reason.
Clearly, it's old age.
If you want the direct download, because that URL's kind of hard to find, it'd be cutstuff.net
slash file slash mega DM alpha dot zip, and that'll get you the, um, zip file for that.
And for the record, I used to play Gotcha Mon Doom.
You could, like, throw the, the feather and the yo-yo and everything.
That's cool.
Wow.
That takes a lot of dedication to make something like that.
It's pretty impressive.
I was, this was years ago, like, before I moved out here.
Uh, and I also need to say, as I do every week, thank you guys very much for tuning
into Orange Launch Radio and supporting independent radio and independent podcasting.
Without you guys, this would not be possible.
Remember, we don't have any fancy website, multimillion dollar magazine or game company
backing us up.
There's three of us do this because we love you and we love doing this broadcasting thing.
So all we ask, tell a friend or two about the show and how to spread the word.
And pizza would be nice too.
Order us pizza for next show.
So we'll see.
I like vegetarian, just letting you know.
We'll see if that happens.
Anyhow, we'll be here to do it all again next week.
Uh, in the meantime, I'm Rob.
She's Jamie.
He's Loki.
We're out.
But Jamie has to say, end of line.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
