Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky and the Loco
Tonight, November 22nd, 2009
Both Sony Consoles get some new firmware
Will Microsoft face a lawsuit over their recent bannings?
Will we soon get to simulate Sonic the Hedgehog in Little Big Planet?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio
We are that talk show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle
We tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio
www.allgames.com
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show
My name is Rob Roberts, joining me every week as always say hello to the one and only DarkSakura
Jamie Summers
Yo
How are you doing?
Um, my hands are sore
From what?
From crocheting
Crocheting?
Yes
Is that where they're calling it now?
Oh no, I see you actually have yarn there that you are crocheting something
What is that? Are you?
I'm making a pot holder
Are they kitten mittens?
No
Oh okay
Actually this is just my practice sheet because I'm probably going to put it over there with my dolls or something
But my mom, I actually called my mom to ask her to crochet something for me
And she's like, well I've got arthritis now I can't do it
She's like, you can teach yourself how to do it
I was like, well I haven't done it since I was 10
She's like, oh I bet you could
So I was like, maybe I can
So I sat down with a needle and lo and behold I taught myself how to crochet again
Don't you love it when little dares like that inspire you to do something?
Well now though I found tutorials on how to do like hats and stuff
So I think I'm going to make hats for everyone for the holidays
Oh fun
So everyone gets a hat
OLR hats
Everyone gets a hat!
I'm poor, everyone gets a hat
I wish I could say that OLR was started out of spite
But OLR was started because we were really bored
Yeah
Also joining us, say hello to Techmaster Loki
Hello
How are you Loki?
I'm good
Do you have a hat on in your neck of the woods?
Crocheting?
Sorry, excuse me
No
By the way though I know you catch that Kitten Mittens reference
And I watched that episode last night finally
Because they have that on the
They have the It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia on On Demand
And I was watching it
LOL
That's all I have to say
LOL is all I have to say
They were selling them
Is that a real website?
Yeah it's a real website
You can buy dick towels
Love it
If you guys don't know what we're talking about
Does your cat make too much noise?
I just have to say
In 2009, I know we talk about video games
We talk about a lot of other crap too
Just deal
That's how we fill three hours here at Orange Lawns Radio
A lot of great television this year
I haven't usually been so much into TV
Because I'm too busy playing WoW among other video games
But there's just been a lot of great shows this year
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia
Modern Family I love
That show is hilarious
Glee is great
It tickles my gay fancy
There's just been a lot of great shows this year
V has been pretty cool
I hear it's sacrilege to the original
But since I didn't watch the original
I'm not as attached
I don't know how Dark Sakura feels about the new V
It's alright
I'm loving it
I like it okay
If I had never seen the original
I actually watched the original
All of them when they aired
I hope sci-fi network airs them
Or something so I can go back and watch it
I've actually got DVDs
So if you ever want to have a V party
That would actually rock
My roommate is really interested in watching the old one too
One of the aliens was played by Robert Englund
Nice
The funny, silly one, Willy
I heard about that
Yeah
His first thing he says
Can you help me? I am just
There's a clip on YouTube
Of the hamster scene
What with Diana opening her mouth up
And swallowing the guinea pig
Yes
Amazing
I hope they reference that in the new one
Anyway sorry
OMG spoilers
Not really though
Because we don't know what's going to happen in the new one
The new one is taking a lot of liberties with the old one
But if I'm right it's the same guy
Doing some of the writing
Yeah
And the other half of the creative minds behind the new V
Is the folks that did the 4400
Which was a pretty good sci-fi show on USA
If you ever saw that
And one of the lead actors is from it too
But I'll tell you what though
If I sit you down through the original series
Then you have to read the book that I got
The guy who wrote the original series
And you can tell he's obviously a screenplay writer
But he wrote a book finishing it the way he wanted to finish it
Instead of how the final battle was
This would be the perfect like thanksgiving
Post thanksgiving plan
If I didn't already have plans
Well I have plans on Friday night anyway
Don't
Yeah me too
Saturday
I can't I'm going to be gone for the weekend
Well you're no fun
I know I know
Monday
But I'll be back Sunday
But we have the show so
Sunday morning
We'll figure something out
Sunday morning bagels and V
We'll figure something out maybe
If I'm back in time
We'll see
We'll get um
We'll get jelly donuts and pretend that they're hamsters
And watch our lizard people
I would say this though
V would make a pretty kick ass video game
Spoiler
They're lizards
V would make a pretty kick ass video game
I think there was one
Was there really?
I think that there was one
I bet there was one like on like the apple 2e or some shit
That's what I want to say
Let me let me find out
Please do
Meanwhile
Let's get into the way we always start off the week show
And how was your gaming week
Don't get your google foo on just yet
DarkSakura
Because uh
A the chat room
Our lovely chatters at chat.orangelaunceradio.com
Will probably beat you to finding it
Tigerclaw is probably already halfway there
Tigerclaw
Tigerclaw
Tiger
I can't talk tonight
Tigerclaw is probably halfway there to finding it already
Um
And uh
You got to do your gaming week
How was your gaming week DarkSakura?
Well um
I actually did not play any well
Cause again I have to remind myself that I still have the game
Actually no I take that back
I did pull it up
And then um
I had to go some more
Um
I played some Sims um
I've watched Dan play through some modern warfare 2 and ODST
And um
He got these awesome headphones
I love them
They're the best present
He ever got himself for me
Because I can't hear a damn thing that's going on on TV when i'm trying to sleep
No Sub Warfare going
Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom
Boom
Whenever I'm trying to you know
Go to bed
Especially now since I have to go back to being at work at 6am
But I've been playing a lot of peggle. I've actually really gotten back into playing a lot of solitaire.
I'm trying to learn how to play the Baker's Game on solitaire and Spider solitaire, which I kind of don't like.
And now I'm crocheting.
Isn't Spider solitaire included with Windows XP?
Yeah, but whatever.
They only have themselves to blame.
They should have called it solitaire 2.
Now, this is something I'm going to try to do, because it is kind of gaming related since I miss playing Breakout on my Linux box.
You can just download it.
I sent my laptop back to be fixed, and I swear if they put that Windows shit back on it, I am going to start off that laptop booting Linux, installing Linux, and then asking them for a refund of my Windows license.
I found out you can do that.
Never boot up Windows. When you order anything from Dell and put in a different OS on it, you can put in, as long as you've got proof and everything, you can put in for a refund of your Windows license so that you do not have to, if you're not paying for Windows, if you're not using Windows, why should you have to pay for it?
Interesting.
I always assumed, because it was part of what you were buying, sometimes you buy maybe a bundle of movies, like for instance, recently I bought the Star Trek Next Generation bundle of Blu-rays, because I wanted all the movies on Blu-ray.
I didn't really need Nemesis, but it just comes with it, so I might as well take it, right?
Well, that's kind of a different thing, because you pay, I think, $150 for a Windows license when you get Vista, XP came on my laptop. I didn't use it. I actually never used it.
Quick side question. What do you think of Google OS, because there was a lot of news about that this week, which is kind of based on Linux. Really? It looked interesting.
I think what they're going for with the whole netbook thing, I could not see myself using it on a desktop. Again, granted, maybe I need to see a little more about it. It doesn't look like a desktop OS to me, but it looks like a great little netbook thing, which is what they're going for anyway.
I might give it a try, but to be perfectly honest, I am as happy as I could humanly be with Linux Mint on my laptop. It does everything I need it to. Multiple desktops. I mean, literally, you slide your screen over, and you have a new desktop to put shit on. But you can monitor everything through your little thing.
So like a Mac?
Does a Mac do that?
Or like my computer at home with icons that just scroll on to like...
You have to hook up four monitors to see them. I remember that. It was funny.
But no, in this case, it's like you could have multiple monitors hooked up, or you could just go slide. Hold it down, and slide it over, and it gives you a little arrow to pick your desktop. You can have it show up in a cube, so you can rotate your cube and pick the screen that you want.
You know, usually screen real estate isn't a problem for me, because I run my windows at the smallest possible resolution where I need magnifying glasses installed in my eyes to be able to see the screen.
I'm talking about on a netbook. On that little... My netbook is a 10-inch netbook. This is perfect for me.
It's not the size. It's how you use it.
Yeah. But it means that I don't have to deal with everything cluttering up my taskbar. I can just go from window to window and don't have to worry about anything.
Since we are a show about games, do you do any gaming on Linux Mint, or is that not really...
Well, I told you I was playing Breakout.
Oh, okay.
Also, one of the things that I downloaded right before my laptop decided that it was going to take a bath in the backseat of my car was Doom.
Because Doom and Doom 2, they opened the source code, so they actually have them on Linux.
Nice.
And so I was thinking about going back into Hurt Me Plenty mode, just because I love the name of Hurt Me Plenty and Ultraviolence.
All right. Comments from chat. Got to start reading some comments from chat, because there's some good stuff here.
Gold anthro in our chat room, chat.orangelaunchradio.com, which, by the way, I need to throw this plug out there at some point.
You don't even have to be attached to the web anymore to get to our chat room.
Thanks to the allgames.com iPhone and iTouch app that is out there, if you look for that on the store.
They built this into the app now. If you click on the schedule button, connect to chat, there's a new function.
Now, allgames.com has their own chat room, and for whatever reason, I can't even explain this.
It's a historical thing. I don't know. We have our separate chat room from Orange Launch Radio.
But they actually built it into their chat room. So if you type slash O-L-R, you join our chat room.
Isn't that neat? I thought that was very cool and they didn't have to do that.
So whatever you want to do just getting that to the chat room, do it.
That means I might have to just randomly hop into the chat room while I'm at work.
You should. I know. I'm thinking of doing the same thing on my phone. It's kind of a neat little app.
I mean, while I'm on my break at work.
Of course, of course. Hey, anyway, comments from chat, such as this one.
Goldanthro says, I got Linux Mint because of Jamie, and so did my best friend, and it's a great alternate OS, even for us PC gamers.
So there you go, a little endorsement there.
Well, another thing, too, that I really like, since we're kind of on the subject of games and Linux Mint,
is that a lot of PC and Mac environment stuff, they actually do have clients that you can run within Mint to sort of emulate Windows.
Basically, I'm trying to remember what exactly it's called. I want to say the Wine environment.
And there's a few others, but like, I've seen screenshots of people playing, you know, Sims on Linux.
And so there's all kinds of ways around it, so you can actually, I think with Linux you can have the best of all the worlds,
but the best thing about it is that you really don't run into having to worry about spyware or all this other crap,
because people are like, oh, well, fuck, it's Linux. Who uses that?
And I got to say this. Linux Mint, it's a nice little friendly sounding name, too.
It's much more friendly than say, like, Linux Anchovies or Linux Meatloaf or Turkey Surprise.
Another good thing about it is that it is made understanding that you're going to have users coming from Windows or Mac backgrounds,
and that, it's very easy. In fact, when you have to do a kernel update, I've done two kernel updates, and it's freaking easy.
And if you have a problem with one, you have the option when you boot up of picking an earlier kernel so you can go back and modify it.
So if you get something that may say, oh, well, we'll optimize your memory better, then you can download that one and run it,
or we'll optimize your graphics better, then you can download that one and run it. It depends on what you want to do.
It's, like, super customizable. I love it.
All right, other comments from our chat room. Tigerclaw was unable to find anything on a V video game,
so I'm convinced it doesn't exist, because Tigerclaw has the best Google Foo skills of, I think, any of our listeners.
However, uh-oh, Jamie's ready to throw down. But, here, Tigerclaw does say,
I saw a Q&A from the VentureBeat site about video game creator Jace Hall, and it does mention about a potential video game based on V.
And he links to an article over there in our chat room. So, there you go.
All right, more gaming weeks. Loki, how was your gaming week?
Still very slow. Just playing Grand Theft Auto, still.
Actually, haven't really played a lot of other stuff. Still trying to get a chance to play Borderlands,
but I keep getting distracted by working on the arcade cabinet, which is coming along quite well.
It's actually, I got all the ROMs on there, all the themes I could find for Hyper Spin on there.
Now, I was actually this morning going through and taking out some of the themes that are for clones and stuff like that,
because I'm gonna try once I get everything on there, because I just kind of downloaded all the ROMs for MAME all at once,
because I didn't know really what I wanted. So, I was just like, okay, I'll just get everything. Makes it simple.
Problem is, though, there's like multiple ROM dumps, multiple clones.
So, you get all these extra games you gotta scroll through, which is absolutely annoying.
I mean, I know there's way to do lists and whatnot, but I actually want to physically delete these.
So, I'm gonna go through eventually and delete all the clones I have on there,
and then I have to go and actually make some new themes for some of the games I play a lot, like Gals Panic and that kind of stuff.
So, that's why I started today, and just had to compile a new version of MAME that actually gets rid of the NAG screen and that kind of stuff.
But I got to test a few things out. I tested a little bit of Street Fighter this weekend.
I tried a little bit of King of Fighters, because I'm trying to do a different setup for my Neo Geo stuff.
And, I don't know, all it seems to play very nice, so that'll be cool.
Just really kind of working on that for now, I guess, until I, I don't know, move on to something else.
Hold on, Jamie wants to butt in here, because, Jamie, what'd you find? You found something on the internets?
I sure did. The V game came out for the Spectrum, the ZX Spectrum.
And, let's see, what else? The Amstrad CPC.
So, yeah, you can, actually, if you have the Spectrum emulator, it was actually put out in 1986 by Ocean Software.
So, round one of Google-Fu goes to...
Dark Sakura!
Here was an earlier one. It came out in 1985.
And then, funny, and then there was this one, also in the ZX Spectrum 48K.
But, the one in 1986 was the better of them.
I will link this other link in the chatroom.
Alright.
Because it has the picture of the lizard person face.
Better luck next time to our dear pal, Tigerclaw.
Alright, sorry, Loki, anything else for your gaming week?
No, that's pretty much it, yeah.
Alright, my gaming week was more of the same. I've still been playing WoW and all that other crap I play week in and week out.
But, I did spend some quality time with a new game that I decided to check out this week based on some happy, positive things I was reading around the internet.
And that game is Torchlight, which is a game that is by some of the team that worked on Diablo and Diablo 2 back in the day.
And it's really easy to get the demo on Steam and you can play through the first little boss in the game.
And the game really feels like Diablo a lot, but it's a little more cartoony, kind of set in a different type of world.
A little bit of WoW-ish type stuff mixed in because you actually have quests.
The only drawbacks to the game is that there's no multiplayer and you're limited to the three classes in the game, which, you know, granted, that's what the original Diablo was limited to.
But you can use talent points much as you could, and if I remember right, in Diablo 2, you can use those to mold your character many different ways.
So, you know, it's not like you're just stuck in three different skeletons. You can kind of mold that.
The lack of multiplayer is probably the biggest drawback for me, which is a little bit unfortunate.
But here's the thing is that the game's only 20 bucks, and I think for the value you get out of the game, it's pretty cool.
Because it's such a great little retro throwback and, you know, if you like those dungeon crawler exploration games, it's great.
And there's many different difficulty levels within the game. Like, if you want to play on easy, like I started playing on, it's super easy.
Like, you're just not going to die. Ever.
And then you can step it up to basically, you know, hurt me plenty and so forth, like there is in Doom, although of course they're called other things in this game.
You know, again, honestly, I couldn't even really pay attention to what the plot was in the game because I just kept thinking,
this is so much like Diablo, but it feels like, you know, kind of like a new, I don't want to say like a sequel,
because obviously there's an official Diablo sequel coming, but a new game in that sort of same vein as Diablo 2.
And I think fans of these games, like if you ever played Diablo Diablo 2, which were huge PC games, you're going to like Torchlight and get a little kick out of it.
Even if not, I think it's worth just trying the demo because the demo will entertain you for like two hours at least, and it's free.
So go grab it on Steam and see if you like it. You got no reason not to.
And again, I really want to encourage you, even though the game does have its drawbacks, you know, that there's no multiplayer,
and that was what made Diablo 2 such a huge thing, for 20 bucks, the value is awesome.
Because like Diablo 2, they still charge 30, 40 bucks for, I want to say, like the battle chest.
I think they still charge 30 bucks for. I don't have a store in front of me, but I think that's about what they charge.
So, you know, you get a great deal with Torchlight, and so I definitely think it's worth checking out.
That's probably the only new game I played this week, but I had fun with it.
So I am making it a goal of mine to make sure I check out at least one new game every week for the show,
because, you know, I'm going to co-host a radio show about video games, and I probably need to make sure I play a lot of games.
But it can be an expensive habit, because remember, video games, unlike your favorite websites out there,
video game companies do not send copies of games to us for free.
Very rarely. It's happened before, but very rarely.
So usually that type of game playing is coming out of our own pockets,
and the economy is taking its toll on us here at OLR, just like it has anyone else.
So we'll try our best, though.
We certainly will try to play as many demos and all that fun stuff as we can.
So, let's see.
Questions from the chat room at chat.orangelandradio.com.
Ricky Go Mac asks, does WoW work on a Mac?
Yes, it works on a Mac. World of Warcraft works on a Mac.
In fact, Blizzard is one of those companies that's always been very good about getting their games to work on PC and Mac.
I want to say, I don't know so much about Diablo. I can't state for sure that one,
but I think Warcraft 3 plays on both, and all the future WoW expansions play on both.
So there you go.
Deakman in chat says, loving Torchlight, it's the first Diablo-like game I've ever liked.
Before we get into gaming news tonight, and speaking of Deakman,
I do want to take a minute to acknowledge and further thank the masterminds behind our website,
and that's Deakman and VX Jason XV.
They both do kind of separate stuff for our website.
VX Jason XV kind of does the server admin stuff,
whereas Deakman is kind of like in charge of the actual website itself.
And both of them do a great job really helping us out,
because I don't know about Dark Soccer and Loki,
but I'm just not smart when it comes to building websites anymore.
So, you know, their knowledge has been so good for us,
and the reason why I bring it up, especially this week,
is because we had a lot of server issues this week.
In fact, if you tried to send us email towards the end of the week,
it probably bounced because we were having some server problems.
But they fixed it, and they do all this for free.
Just like we do, they do it all for free because they love the show,
and just, you know, we need to acknowledge them as part of what makes OLR work,
the part that you don't hear every week on the show.
But it's important.
Well, I do have some other news on a technical nature,
something that we discussed before the show too.
Sure, what's up?
I'm going to be doing new album art for us.
That's great, because I was just thinking earlier this evening,
and to segue into this, we now have a Facebook fan page.
An official Facebook fan page is out there now.
Although we've always had a Facebook group,
Facebook about a year ago,
and we really should have jumped on this when it first started,
made it a lot easier to make like a fan page
where we can deliver updates to your feed,
and we promise we're not going to spam like crazy.
You know, we'll do it tastefully,
and just kind of have a central hub that I think will work
a little more better functionality-wise
to have like an OLR fan page.
So we've added that on Facebook,
and we're trying to get up to 100 fans,
because once we get 100 fans,
that's when our little like,
that's when we move into the next stage of having a fan page.
We can have like a short URL and all the statistics.
It's kind of like in Spore, how you have different levels.
You know, your little cell becomes a living creature.
See, we're in the cell game right now.
Once we get up to 100 fans,
we'll actually get to build a creature.
That's basically what we're waiting for.
So check that out on Facebook.
It's awful. It's awful, awful, awful.
I was such a big Dragon Ball Z fan back in the day
that when you said cell game,
I instantly started thinking of that.
No, not cell shaded.
But you know the game that's like flow?
No, cell game.
There was a whole art called the cell game.
Oh, okay. Gotcha.
Gotcha.
But anyway, what was making me think that is
I was trying to find artwork to upload to our Facebook,
and I was thinking, you know,
as I was uploading the album art,
I was like, dang, we took this picture back in like,
2005, you know?
And even though we took some new pictures since then,
sadly, none of the pictures of that photo shoot
were really workable for album art, you know?
Sometimes it just doesn't come out.
So we might have to try either A, another photo shoot,
or B, Dark Sakura, I think,
is going to cook up some hand-drawn album art,
which will be fun.
Yeah, I'm considering ripping off one of my favorite bands.
TigerKlonChat says,
It won't be long until someone makes an official OLR iPhone app.
You know, I don't have the first idea how to do something like that,
but hey, if you're interested in that sort of thing,
you're into development,
we can give it our blessing.
Just show us what your ideas are,
and we'll help promote the crap out of it.
All we ask is that it's a free app,
because, you know, the show's free,
so we'll have to figure out other ways to pay you,
such as love and adoration.
I don't know.
Anyhow.
Porn.
Porn.
Tripple porn.
Tripple porn.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Tripple porn is just watching them eat.
I think that's all the housekeeping I wanted to get into tonight.
Facebook fan page,
which I'll link and chat shortly if someone else hasn't already done it,
and all that fun stuff,
and Twitter, of course,
we're on there, OLR,
and all that great stuff.
Did you drop your yarn?
Are we okay?
Dark Sakura just had an incident.
She dropped the yarn.
Luckily, Shermie didn't run to attack the yarn.
Is Shermie, the cat, a fan of yarn?
Shermie's a fan of sitting on her ass.
Okay, so no yarn play for her.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news tonight.
Loki, start us off.
You got a slew of updates for us tonight, don't you?
Yes, lots of stuff.
Well, we had some updates from Sony Online.
They were covering the PlayStation Network in a big ol' presentation,
which, of course, they put out on the internet as well.
And there's some interesting changes that they're talking about
making and some other ways they're planning on expanding the Sony Online brand.
One of the things that they're planning on doing, of course,
is expanding the PlayStation Network infrastructure to non-gaming devices.
And what that means is you may see, you know,
connectivity with, say, like, Sony branded TVs, perhaps.
Sony, you know, Vio computers.
Who knows?
Mobile devices, possibly Sony phones.
So, you know, it's interesting, I guess.
And they're going to try to kind of connect everything together that way.
I'm always wondering if they should just change the name of the PlayStation Network since,
you know, like maybe Sony Online Network or something like that.
I don't know.
One of the other things that's also going on is they're trying to also kind of create a brand with this,
you know, online network as well.
And they're saying that one of the major selling points, you know,
of the PlayStation Network is also all the features like downloading games, music, and movies and whatnot.
And they're thinking that expanding that to, you know,
all their devices would be a good value for the customers.
Kind of like a little bit like how iTunes works and stuff where you can, you know,
download stuff to your, was it the, I think your media center for iPhone.
Apple TV, is that what they call it?
Apple TV, that's what I meant, yeah.
You can download stuff to that.
I don't know.
It's interesting.
Well, I mean, this is Sony's whole thing this year is this whole it only does everything.
Well, and that whole thing, it only does everything, you know,
is that they're trying to sell this machine based on only games.
It will not make me waffles.
I've tried.
It looks like a Foreman grill and it doesn't make me waffles.
It does look like a Foreman grill, so it will at least look like a grill.
Not so much now, though.
It's slightly slimmer.
It's like a Foreman slim, you know.
But this is their whole marketing thing this year, which, you know, to be fair,
we've given Sony its fair share of shit on this show.
And, you know, like I always say and like we always say,
we will razz a gaming company when they deserve to get razzed,
but we'll give them praise and they deserve to get praised.
And I think Sony is finally getting it this year, you know.
They've done a lot of smart things this year.
And one of them is this whole it only does everything campaign
because I think that's really the PlayStation 3 strength.
I think it really does do everything, you know.
I want it to play good games.
There are a lot of great games.
Which it doesn't really do.
No, there's a lot of good games on PlayStation 3.
I don't know.
It doesn't do everything, but it does do a lot, so.
I want it to do things well.
I still say Blu-Ray is worth more weight than I think a lot of people gives it credit for.
I'm not trying to be a Sony fanboy, but I'm telling you.
No, but all I use my PS3 for is the Blu-Ray.
It doesn't have any games on it that are really good that we can't already get on Xbox 360.
Little Big Planet, Demon's Souls, some of the PlayStation Network games like Fat Princess,
Pixel Junk.
I really didn't care for Little Big Planet that much.
But the thing, though, about Blu-Ray, though.
That was my favorite game that came out last year.
I mean, it was fun and then the novelty wore off.
It's not as big of a draw as it was with DVD, though,
because people don't give a shit about upgrading to Blu-Ray right now.
I mean, not as much as they did with DVD where everyone's like,
Oh my God, a DVD! Let's go and replace our library with that shit.
But then now, a few years later, like,
Hey, wait a second, I just bought a bunch of DVDs.
Why am I going to go buy Blu-Rays?
So they haven't really adopted it as much.
It does help sell the system, but it's also not really something that kind of,
I don't know, it's not a huge driving force for it.
Well, on top of that, you can also, for people who want a Blu-Ray player,
you can get better Blu-Ray players for cheaper than a PS3 costs.
But that being said, though, it's a lot easier to update your Blu-Ray player,
or even with the PlayStation 3 firmwares and stuff,
because I hear a lot of complaints from people,
Oh yeah, I bought this Blu-Ray disc and I went and popped it into my player,
and I need a new firmware update.
Well, how the fuck do you do that with a Blu-Ray player?
Well, unless you have it connected to the internet,
you have to actually go burn a disc, pop it into your player,
and do all that stuff on your PC.
That's going to be eel, because I heard one of the big things
that's supposed to be a Black Friday deal this year
is that Walmart's going to have a $98 Blu-Ray player.
And I'm thinking, well, that's cool for people that want to get into Blu-Ray.
Certainly that's much cheaper than a PlayStation 3,
but I'm thinking in the back of my mind,
does this thing connect to the internet?
Is it going to have Blu-Ray live?
Granted, how many people really use that Blu-Ray live stuff?
Probably a minority.
So the average family will probably be able to do just fine with this player without it,
but you make a good point about the firmware,
is that unlike DVDs, you have to make sure these Blu-Rays are on top of the firmware.
I'm surprised they don't come on the discs.
Well, they can't because there's so many different players out there.
I mean, you could probably fit all the firmwares on that disc,
but they're just not going to because they don't care.
Something else that they're looking into is also a possible revenue stream
for their online service as well.
What does that mean?
That there's going to be some content on there that's going to be a paid service.
So whereas everything is free right now, that may change.
They're talking about possible models including PSP rental services,
also maybe some MMOs and whatnot.
I don't think they're going to just all of a sudden change the whole service to being paid,
but there may be certain optional aspects that you may have to pay for later on down the road.
But of course, they haven't announced anything officially yet,
but it's something that's probably going to come.
And then finally, Sony is expecting the PlayStation Network to pull in 50 billion yen
in their 2009 financial year.
And of course, they're saying that right now they've got 33 million registered accounts
on the PlayStation Network, which is a lot more than they have actual systems out there.
So of course, people have multiple accounts because you can make as many as you want.
I have four.
They have a high ratio of active users, about 5.4 million daily unique user sign-ins,
and 1.4 million daily PlayStation Store visits.
And of course, downloading volume has been increasing, 25 petabyte downloads a month.
That's a lot of downloads.
And of course, their digital sales is really growing.
Going to some comments from our chat room, DJ Rama S is actually correcting me.
The Black Friday Magnavox player that's at Walmart, $78, not 98.
That's a good price.
It's not bad at all for a Blu-ray player.
You have to make sure it's a good Blu-ray player.
And it's going to be bottom of the barrel if it's $78.
Let's face it.
Come on, get what you pay for.
Game Guru says in chat, this firmware junk is going to kill Blu-ray.
It just makes Blu-ray more complicated than DVD.
I've got to be honest.
I don't know if I see it that same way because that whole firmware thing is not very well advertised.
I think a lot of people don't know.
I put it in the same vein as HDTV.
That's even worse, though, if they don't know
because then they're going to pop in.
Say they go rent a movie and they pop it in.
They're like, what the fuck?
I can't play it.
And then they're pissed off.
Yeah, but they've already bought the Blu-ray player.
It doesn't matter.
They're still pissed off, though, and now they're just like, fuck it.
I'm just going to buy my movies on DVD.
Well, okay.
My other thought, though, is that the HDTVs.
A lot of these, this is going to be a huge thing this holiday season, too, is HDTVs.
And you see this in a lot of Black Friday ads is that HDTVs are coming as low as like $200, $300.
But what a lot of people don't realize about those very cheap HDTVs is that a lot of them are 720p.
Those TVs are only capable of 720p, which is considered high def.
And to most people, they're probably never going to notice the difference.
Like, grandma is going to notice the difference from her old TV,
but she's not going to know that she's missing 1080.
She's not going to notice that that's missing.
Like, for instance, even the HDTV I own, because I adopted kind of early and still tried to keep it cheap,
my HDTV won't do 1080p.
It'll do 1080i, but it won't do 1080p.
And I'm kind of at that point where I'm like, dang, I wish I'd gotten a TV that did 1080p.
Honestly, you're not going to be able to tell unless your TV is like 60 inches and, I mean...
Which it's not.
And so that's why I haven't replaced it, but, you know.
But the reason why I bring that up, I think a lot of people that go out and buy these deals and buy these TVs
don't know that what they're getting is not the, I guess you could say, quote quote, real high def,
or the high high def, or whatever you want to call it.
And, you know, folks in chat are saying, do you really need 1080p?
I don't know. Maybe I'm just weird. I can tell the difference.
But just barely. But I can tell.
It's not that big a deal.
A lot of those Sony games only play at 720p anyways.
And that's true, and a lot of TV shows only broadcast to 720p.
But your Blu-rays will go up to 1080p.
So, anyhow.
Just thought I would bring that up.
Let's move on to some other stories that also have to do with Sony, and it comes with firmware updates.
There's been a lot, a lot of firmware updates in Sonyville this week.
We'll start with the PSP, which got a firmware update to 6.20.
And a lot of what is new in this firmware update, and of course this being Sony's portable system,
is that now they have the PlayStation Network digital comics reader installed.
That's in the new extras section of the cross-media bar.
But keep in mind, this service is not actually launching until December, is when it's going to launch in most regions.
That would be Australia, UK, US.
There will be, early 2010 is when you're going to see it in French, German, Spanish, and so forth.
Japan will get their manga service very soon.
There's also some other little updates there as well, is that, you know, you can do some things with playlists,
and that apparently there's now TV in there as well.
I'm not exactly sure how that works, but I guess there's a TV category.
I wonder if that's for the TV shows.
I think it's just TV shows.
So that they're not looped in with movies.
I don't think it's like suddenly a TV tuner, or we'd probably hear much more about it.
I think it's just a different way of sorting some of the content from the PlayStation Store.
That was the big news on the PSP this week.
PS3, I would say, got a significantly bigger update, unless of course you're a big comic book fan.
PlayStation 3 got firmware 3.10, and some of the big changes they made in this
is that now you can pick a color for your little friends card, or whatever they call it,
and that's also what shows up in the bar as you scroll through your friends list,
and you can elect your own color.
This took me a little while to find how to do this, so just a tip from me to you.
Go in and view your own card, like on your own friends list,
and then you'll notice on the side is a little color swatch thing,
and you can pick that, and you can pick between like 20 different colors.
So I picked green, of course, because my PlayStation 3 name is Green Sky,
so it would make sense to pick green.
And then some other folks picked other colors.
I see my friends list filling up with colors.
And of course the other big, big change is that they now have Facebook integration,
and this is where now you can't really view Facebook on your PlayStation 3
unless it's through the web browser, and they do say they made changes
or updates to the web browser to make Facebook more friendly,
but don't expect to see it streamlined in your cross-media bar or anything.
No, I would say your PlayStation 3 will now serve as Bejeweled Blitz,
Farmville, Mafia Wars. It will now publish to your profile.
The nice thing is, though, there are different settings,
and you can turn them on or off, whatever it's going to do.
So you can set it to publish trophies to your profile.
I think that's the one I have turned on.
You can set it to publish whenever you download things from the store to your profile,
and that would include demos.
I turned that one off because that's kind of private.
I don't want anyone knowing that I'm downloading Hannah Montana.
Porn!
All right. You can't get porn on the store.
And then the third thing is that you can turn it on for game specific,
like if developers want to implement Facebook editions in their game,
think about how Uncharted 2 would publish to your Twitter, that type of thing.
You can turn that on or off.
So I have it off right now until I see what developers are doing with it,
because you know there's going to be some games that just really don't use it tastefully,
but there will be other games where it's kind of cool.
More stuff for me to block.
And that's what a lot of people are saying, more stuff for me to hide.
I went ahead and turned on the trophies because I said,
okay, this isn't much different from the Bejeweled Blitz trophies.
If people are going to publish those, then I can publish my trophies,
but the rest of it I turned off for now.
By the way, also, one other non-really advertised update in Firmware 3.10,
now you can actually report your errors directly to Sony.
Kind of like when your Windows system crashes in a program,
you can click a button to submit information to Microsoft.
That whole type of thing is built into your PS3.
It's been hard for a lot of the gaming blogs to test
because you can't really force your PlayStation 3 to crash very easy,
but Sony assures that that functionality is in there.
So maybe you'll hear more about that later.
Also not widely talked about, there is a new photo application
that you can download into your media bar.
I haven't played a whole lot with this,
but it basically kicks your photo viewing up to the next level,
does some different things with the gallery and the viewing.
And one feature of your PlayStation 3 maybe you've never thought of before,
you could have it cycle through photographs while you're at a party or something
and be a virtual picture frame, if you're into that.
I don't know, not everybody wants to show off their pictures like that,
but just an idea of how you could use that.
So lots of updates to the various Sony platforms this week.
Well, in Virtual Console there's been some updates
that I'm pretty sure are making people happy.
Coming on the 23rd, we get to see the SNES Mario Kart for 800 points.
That's pretty cool.
And I guess they're trying to give us more things to be thankful for.
Also coming out, even though there's not a date for it,
is the SNES version of Pilotwings and the N64 Smash Brothers.
Prices and dates are pending.
So that's pretty cool.
Do you guys notice a trend here with Nintendo in the past month?
I don't know if anyone else has picked up on this,
but they've been really trying to do a lot of this fan service in the past month,
and I'm not sure if this has any correlation to the holidays or what's going on.
Loki, I'd be curious your thought on this.
I mean, look at this.
All these fan games are promising to deliver now.
All the games we've been wanting since Virtual Console first launched.
Pilotwings, Mario Kart, Smash Brothers, etc.
And we just got Final Fantasy last month and so forth.
We're getting a lot of these big, big games on Virtual Console.
And we're finally seeing awesome updates to 8-bit games,
like we wish they'd done a long time ago, with Excitebike.
And finally, demos for WiiWare games.
All this happening in the past two months.
What gives?
Well, I think it's just about time that they put them on there,
and also just some stuff for Christmas to get people interested,
especially people that just buy new systems,
to get them interested in what's coming out.
So maybe to entice these people that are jumping ship to PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this Christmas.
I just think it's just a matter of time that they've released this stuff.
I don't know.
Comments from our chatroom at chat.orangelandtraded.com.
ActDef says, yeah, Super Mario Kart. Pilotwings sucks, though.
Bite your tongue. I love Pilotwings.
Now, do they have Pilotwings 64 on there?
I don't know if that's on Virtual Console.
I have yet to check that out, if it's there.
I never played Pilotwings 64. I just remember the old school one.
That was a launch title on Super Nintendo, if I remember right.
They should do some new Mario Kart games.
Like, do a new Mario Kart game, done the Super NES way or something like that,
with multiplayer and everything.
That would be all kinds of awesome.
Although, I've got to say, Mario Kart Wii was still pretty decent.
It's still decent, but you can make new tracks and stuff like that pretty easy,
or even import some of the Game Boy Advance ones or something.
That would be kind of cool, though, if they could go on that retro kick.
I love Pilotwings.
Even though there was only maybe five or six different sports you could do in there,
the game went on for a while, and it was a very, very hard game.
I love Pilotwings. That was one of the best Super Nintendo games.
I think that's one I don't have, actually.
The launch games on Super Nintendo all held up really freaking well.
Amongst almost any console I can think of,
I think the Super Nintendo has had some of the best launch titles.
I mean, think about it. Mario World, F-Zero.
No, actually, I don't think Mario World technically launched with a console.
If I remember right, that came out a couple weeks later.
It was a holiday bundle.
I think the only games that launched with the system were F-Zero and Pilotwings.
I could be wrong on that.
It's been many, many years.
It's been a good 15-some-odd years since that console launched.
But I seem to recall that F-Zero and Pilotwings were the launch titles.
And they were both awesome, awesome games.
Loki, let's move on with some more news.
Yes, and it's kind of funny, though.
We may have talked about it in the past.
I know we've talked about it in the past, about how people were boycotting Modern Warfare 2
because no dedicated servers.
A lot of the stuff that they thought Infinity War was kind of ignoring and just removing out of the game.
And of course, as you would expect, because it is a PC title,
hackers have already gotten their hands on it and have pretty much fixed the problems, actually.
They have actually enabled their own dedicated servers and also some other cheats or whatnot
or fun stuff to play around with on the dedicated servers as well,
including super jumps, infinite ammo, rapid-fire grenades, all sorts of crazy stuff.
But it's actually pretty awesome, at least now that you can actually play around dedicated servers.
And that should make a lot of fans happy as well.
In fact, I remember seeing, they were showing the sales for the PC version of Modern Warfare 2.
And actually, it didn't seem like the sales were affected too much by any sort of boycott.
And that's kind of also prevalent with the stuff we talked about last week,
where there was a screenshot showing the clan of people boycotting Modern Warfare 2,
actually playing Modern Warfare 2.
But it is kind of cool, though, that hackers can come around and actually add value to the game.
And one of the other things that they found out as well, kind of with all the hacking and stuff,
is that there's some new game modes that haven't quite been unveiled yet,
possibly stuff that they're going to patch in later on,
including a new mode, VIP, which apparently is very similar to Counter-Strike,
which captures a flag with, I guess, a single flag between two teams,
and Global Thermonuclear War, which one side has to capture the nuke
and hold it for a certain amount of time in order to win.
And of course, this stuff you can enable using the hacked-in debug console, which is in there,
which is kind of cool.
And the thought is that this is going to come out later on as possible download content,
maybe even on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions as well.
So it makes sense that they would add value to it later on,
but it's kind of neat, though, that this stuff's already there.
I guess, I don't know, people don't pay to unlock content too much,
but if this is going to be a free patch later on, that might be kind of cool.
But if we've got to pay for it, that kind of sucks. I don't know.
Did we already kind of suspect that this was where the game was going,
is that we're going to have to pay for all this extra stuff,
which is why they locked it out in the first place?
Yeah. And I kind of think it's funny, it only took them like a week or two
to actually unlock all this stuff that's on there.
I mean, it just goes to show you, you can piss people off enough,
especially in the PC versions, you know, there's hackers out there that will find a way around it
to get the game to do what they want.
And that kind of makes me think, you know, when StarCraft II comes out,
that sucker's getting cracked open immediately.
It's very interesting how game companies are convinced that their games are hack-proof,
and I think, you know, people need to realize that that's just not possible.
Anything you don't want to happen with your game, you better not include on the disc,
because it will be found and it will be implemented, you know?
It's just one of those things, with the technology the way it is now, it's just not possible.
It is not possible to keep this stuff hidden from hackers.
Especially, you know, and a lot of this sometimes comes to, you know,
I hate to revisit a topic that's years old, but I think it's partially relevant.
A lot of it has to do with lazy coding or un-coding,
and I would go back to hot coffee in Grand Theft Auto.
That shit should have never been an issue.
Should have never ever been an issue, because you know what?
That truly was supposed to be taken out of the game.
I believe it.
That should have been taken out of the game, but you know what?
Lazy coding, they took out the pointer that would call up that little subroutine
that would run the hot coffee game, and lo and behold,
if you left the data on the disc, it was going to be discovered.
All a hacker had to do was put that pointer back in.
And going to Rockstar, I mean, all their stuff is kind of lazy coding anyways,
because everything is in text files.
They're easily editable.
I should know.
If you want something taken out of your game, you have to take it out of the game.
It's crazy.
Toagak in chat asked a question.
Wasn't there like porno hidden on a disc for some console and the author got sued?
I don't remember.
There was one, I think it was like Bloody Roar 2 on the Playstation 1
had some sort of like erotic pictures or something like that
of the actual characters or something like that in there.
I want to say that was the game that had that.
And then of course there was, you know, SimCopter with all the gay sex or whatever.
Oh, yeah. No, SimTower, wasn't it?
No, SimCopter.
Was it Copter?
Yeah. Funny.
Well, anyhow, moving on to something not so funny.
Lawsuits and what some might actually consider a frivolous lawsuit.
I don't know. You be the judge.
Apparently there is a law firm out there, Abington IP.
They're investigating what they call a convenient wave of Xbox Live banings
that have happened recently.
The firm is saying that the tens of thousands of banned Xbox Live subscribers
who use their consoles, they deserve damages, money, what they call recompense
due to the timing.
They think because this banning happened just before Modern Warfare 2 happened
was released and, you know, well after Halo 3 ODST came out,
this was to make Microsoft as much money as possible
because clearly that was the motivation behind this whole thing, right?
So what is...
Oh, sorry. There's a...
Dan's iPhone.
Oh, a cell phone ringing behind me. This is throwing me off.
Please, when entering the OLR Studios, be sure to silence all cell phones and pagers.
All right. Anyhow, now this is weird because they're trying to do this class action lawsuit here
that apparently they're going to try and get a refund for the pro-rated
what was left on your Xbox Live subscription.
But it's weird because they didn't really ban the accounts, did they?
No, and that's the thing is they didn't understand it.
What they thought was their thinking behind it is that people expecting to play these games online
or whatever bought more of a subscription for their accounts
in preparation for these new games coming out.
And because of that, then Microsoft went ahead and decided to ban consoles.
Well, they're totally ignoring the fact that one, these people modded their consoles in the first place.
So they're responsible for it.
They need to know what's going on.
I mean, come on. If you mod your console, you know at one point or another,
especially if you're playing it online, that you're going to get banned eventually.
By the way, Microsoft responded this week, or just actually today, I should say,
made a response to this whole thing
that basically, to sum it all up, they say that they have every legal recourse to do what they did.
They were well within their legal rights. That's the quote.
Of course they were.
Well within their legal rights.
Of course they were, and that's why this whole thing is really retarded
because, once again, they aren't banning their live accounts.
They're just banning the console from connecting on live.
And at the same time, kind of removing a little bit of the features of the console,
but nothing major, like you can't install your games to the hard drive anymore,
which, whatever, that's fine.
And also that, you know, obviously the console can't connect to the live anymore,
and you can't take your profile from the console or whatever to earn achievements offline
and then move them and connect them online, whatever, because it's corrupt.
Although there is a workaround for that.
But isn't this all in the agreements that you accept when you play games,
that you're not going to fuck around with the...
If you have your console modded, you're playing burned games,
whether it be a backup of your game, whether it be a modded copy of the game,
or a pirated version of the game.
You're playing burned games, and that's unfortunately, you know,
they're just assuming that you're a pirate.
And I mean, probably 99% of the people out there are pirating games,
especially if their console's modded.
Now what sucks, though, is the people that say didn't know their console's modded
bought it used, and then they get banned.
That kind of sucks.
But then again, once it, you know...
But that would be a reason to sue where you bought it from, not a reason to sue Microsoft.
Exactly.
Buyer beware.
Buyer beware, and then...
Yeah, and I'm sure a lot of these used places probably have clauses in their contracts, too,
that protect them.
Yeah, and people also trying to return these consoles, you know, to stores or whatever,
trying to exchange them out for a good one.
Of course, you know, if that security seal's tampered with that, you know,
you can't return it.
Of course, you can always buy a new security seal to throw on top of it,
and then return it, but hey, that's another story.
Dirty, dirty.
But yeah, there's a lot of things out there that you can do,
but really it comes down to it's the user's fault.
They knew what they were getting into, and you know what?
If you really want to go legit and buy another console, you can do that,
and then you can take your account, restore your account to the new console,
and you're good to go.
I had two consoles banned this week.
I had one.
So we play, you know, we used to play modded Grand Theft Auto games,
and you know, so all four of our consoles are modded.
So far, though, only two of them have been banned, and that's fine.
I mean, because I knew that was going to happen,
and we have preparations for that.
But the thing is I went and bought a new console, restored my account,
took like a few minutes, and I was good to go.
I mean, there's no real issues.
I mean, later on I have to actually go through there and change the...
so that all my download content works on my new console
without being logged in live.
I'll eventually do that, but haven't gotten around to it yet.
This almost sounds like a game to you,
like this whole, like, getting around it and everything,
because you're definitely not pissed off about this.
You knew the risks going into this.
No, I knew the risks. I knew it was eventually going to happen.
Especially, okay, we are playing a modified game,
so basically all the stealth crap that would be involved...
And to be clear, this is the number one reason why you're doing this in the first place,
is not to pirate the games like crazy,
but because you are modding the Grand Theft Auto games for lols,
and it's not something you typically take online,
although it sounds like you did, and that's what got you in trouble.
Well, yeah, because we had to play, you know, we played against each other,
and you can only play that online.
If it was a System-Link game, like, say, if I could do that with Saints Row,
we would have never taken it online.
We would have just been playing, you know, via LAN.
Gotcha.
And, god, I wish I knew how to mod Saints Row 2, because I'd do that.
But, you know, we can't, so...
And that's also funny, too, because when our consoles got banned,
we played Saints Row 2, because, you know, the Kinect, it's alive.
We got a backup game for everything.
You know, but, yeah, so it's an inconvenience,
but, you know, I knew what I'm getting into, and whatever, you know.
I have, luckily, you know, my first console got banned.
My sister has a modded console.
She doesn't play online because she doesn't have internet.
So, you know, I get her games, and I, you know,
gave her a modded copy of Grand Theft Auto, and she plays that.
But hers is red-ringed, and I haven't gotten a chance to fix it yet,
so I just gave her my banned console, and it works just fine for her,
because she doesn't give a crap.
She doesn't know anything about, like, you know, connecting the live and whatnot.
She just wants to play, you know, a game where you fly around in a police car.
So...
Quick question from ToaGak in our chat room, chat.idontwinsondestrated.com,
and I don't even know if he can answer this, Loki.
How do they know if your console's modded?
Has it been revealed how they're catching it?
They can tell, basically.
It doesn't matter how, if you play in a burn game or not,
because, you know, we, honestly, we haven't played Grand Theft Auto,
the modded game, since August.
I mean, whenever they patched it last.
They can tell because your, you know, the modded firmwares or whatever,
they don't return the same values for, like, some of the security checks or whatever.
They aren't sure what exactly is going wrong,
but there is something in there that is not returning the exact value or something
when they're doing a check of the disk.
So they can tell what firmware you have on the drive.
They can't actually read the firmware on the drive.
But, you know, they can basically kind of see that you have, you know, modified firmware,
and then they go ahead and ban your console.
Our good buddy, Dan, very, very well known to the show.
He's been on before.
He's standing in the doorway and wants to make a comment on this whole topic.
Please, Dan.
They know, because they're fucking Microsoft.
I got a quick question for you, though, because you work in retail and all this stuff.
Have you had people try to return Xbox 360 consoles that have been banned to you?
No.
Do you have a way to catch them?
They know that I would pimp-slap them.
You're well known in your retail company's business for pimp-slapping people that try to do that.
For slapping the hose.
Honestly enough, if somebody brought me a console that was banned,
and I tested it, and it worked, since we don't connect the consoles to Live as part of the test,
we wouldn't know.
But just take them to GameStop.
They can't fucking tell.
They're too stupid to be allowed to live.
The views and opinions expressed by Dan do not necessarily reflect those.
Yes, they do.
You can tell, because what they do is they can connect to Xbox's website.
There's the whole repair thing that you can connect to,
and you can actually put in your serial number and you'll see if your console's banned or not.
Because when you try to enter your console serial number in there, it'll say,
sorry, your console's banned, fuck you, and that type of stuff.
I think gold, anthro, and chat sums up the thoughts of the listeners very well.
Thanks for the advice, XD.
Anyhow, let's move on, DarkSakura.
Some more news before we get to the release dates and soon the Classic Game of the Week.
DarkSakura.
Well, in other news, it's about steam.
Because they're steamy.
It's nutritious. It's delicious. It's steam.
It's water.
Steam actually now has approximately 70% of the overall digital distribution of PC games.
And that's actually quite a bit.
And they're actually saying that the other ones, like impulse is 10% and others combined are 20%.
So that's in terms of actual revenue.
It's pretty crazy stuff.
I'm not surprised. I use steam.
And it's a pretty good mechanism.
And plus the fact that one of the major game publishers of beloved PC games is behind it.
So they throw in a free copy of steam with everything that you get.
I'm sure helps greatly.
I mean, you're talking about the creators of Left 4 Dead, Half-Life, all these huge PC games.
That's clearly got to be part of the contribution.
Whereas I think all these other companies don't quite have the same tie-in like Valve and Steam do.
Well, the other thing too is that they're also saying that a lot of the games integrate the Steamworks tools into their games early on.
So that they can lock them out from other distribution platforms.
And also it's because of how successful their DRM solution is.
So it's pretty big.
Yeah, because the Steam's whole thing, and I haven't played a whole lot with this.
But apparently it's very easy to take what you've kind of downloaded and go to another computer and install the software.
I don't think you can do it unlimited, but it gives you somewhat some freedom on to how many computers you can do this with.
Because it's set by your account.
Yeah, exactly.
My only complaint about Steam being a long-time user of it, I'm not a big fan of the interface.
I kind of wish that demos were easier to find.
And just, I don't know, the layout of the store is not exactly eye-catching or appealing to me.
I don't know.
It's hard for me to put my finger on, but it's just not the most user-friendly front-end, the store anyway, to me.
Like, I think it could be a little flashier in a tasteful way.
I don't know if what I said makes any sense at all, but that's just kind of my thoughts on Steam.
It's kind of sometimes hard to find things.
Sometimes, yeah.
But I mean, it is though pretty...
I think it tries to be cut and dried, but in some cases it does over-complicate a few things just with the demo mixed in and everything.
You know, how they have everything just mixed in and you have to really filter it.
Bond in chat says, they make you jump through hoops to get the demo.
And I think it's related to this.
Oh, talking about like audio surf specifically.
You know, I didn't have a hard time with the torchlight demo at all.
There's a little button there on the side.
But I think it would be neat if they just kind of like just had a screen.
You know, new demos to check out.
You know, and I don't know.
I don't know.
I would just lay it out a little differently, that's all.
But otherwise, I love the idea that they took that whole...
What was that other gaming platform that you could bring... Xgame or something?
What was that called? X...
Something...
There was something that you could bring up inside other video games and chat with people.
Yeah, I remember the Xfire.
Xfire, thank you.
That's what it's called, Xfire.
They kind of molded that with a video game store and that I think was a smart idea.
So...
Anyhow, those are my thoughts on Steam for being a user as long as I have.
By the way, there is an unofficial...
Well, no, it's really official.
I guess, you know, because I'm on it and, you know, I don't think there's any other OLR groups.
And if you want the link to that, just go to OrangeLunchRadio.com.
There's a whole little box on the side where you'll see the Steam logo among other big websites like Facebook and Twitter.
And you can click that and join our Steam community.
It's pretty cool.
Anyhow, let's move on to some release dates.
Yes.
Not a whole lot coming out this week, obviously, with, you know, Black Friday and Thanksgiving and whatnot.
The releases are kind of light.
But this week we have some miscellaneous stuff on the DS, including Photo Frenzy, which I believe is a picture-matching game.
Hello Kitty Party!
Rob's top game on the DS.
Yay!
What, you don't like Hello Kitty?
No, I love Hello Kitty, but come on, let's face it, the games are all going to be crap.
It's Hello Kitty Party!
Fighting Fantasy on the DS as well.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii, with very little fanfare, Karaoke Revolution.
Hurrah.
Your Shape featuring Jenny McCarthy, and it comes with a camera.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, wasn't that supposed to be last week?
Because I've seen her remember making fun of this game previously.
Yeah, I think I may have talked about it last week, but yeah, it's being delayed.
Seen it's Sparkle Vampire Edition coming out on the Wii, Tekken 6 coming out on PSP, and on PC Twin Sector.
And Rogue Trooper is being released on the Wii, kind of a port of the PlayStation 2 game.
And that's it.
Well, no surprise, it's kind of a slow week in releases because, you know, again, pretty much all the games needed to be out already to make it for Black Friday.
But there are still some releases over in Japan anyway.
We have a game called Mushi Himesama Futari, version 1.5.
I don't know if this is like an upgrade to a previous game or what's going on, but it looks like this is a game.
This is on the Xbox 360, by the way, and that comes out this week.
It's a fighting game, or I'm sorry, not fighting game, shooter game, but I don't know, the box makes me think it's a fighting game.
It's like a shooter game and it has pretty girls in the background there.
It looks like it's an upgrade of an old arcade game.
These are all the games I'm going to be getting on the Xbox 360.
So it looks like you only have this game in original mode and some upgrades to that as well.
This is a big release over there because there's a specific fighting stick coming out for it and all this stuff.
Sorry, shooter stick or whatever they call it coming out for this as well.
On the PlayStation 3, just some price reductions.
Fallout 3, Mercenaries 2, and Mirror's Edge get some price reductions this week.
Again, all of these games coming out on the 26th.
Moving on to the Nintendo Wii, Naruto Shippuden Ryu Jinki comes out this week, as well as Star Sakura Puyo Puyo version 7.
Puyo Puyo!
I know you're a big fan of Puyo Puyo.
Sim Animals Africa also makes its way to Japan this week.
Sadly though, not a lot of big releases there.
.hack//The GU series is getting a big price reduction, so if you haven't checked that out in Japan, now's your time to do that.
That's on the PlayStation 2.
On the DS, Cooking Mama 3 comes out in Japan this week.
Yes, there's a third Cooking Mama game and it comes out this week in Japan, as well as a game called Roller Angels.
Go figure.
And then lastly on the PSP this week, Gaku in Heaven, Boys Love Scramble.
Gakuen means high school.
So that's what it's called, Boys Love Scramble.
I'm not sure what type of game this is.
It's an adventure game.
I do love scrambled eggs.
Well, it's a yaoi game.
I was thinking, does Boys Love me?
And then the picture came up.
Oh yes, it is that kind of boy love.
So if you want a yaoi game, here's the week to get it on PSP.
Come on, Loki, look at that screenshot right there.
Tell me you're not interested in that game.
That's on the PSP. I'm not interested in that game.
It's a dude nibbling on another dude's ear and he's all blushing.
Oh, well sign me up then.
No thanks.
I'll link that in chat.
Here's another example of a game you just can't get over here in America.
And why not? And why not?
There's actually places that will release the games in English.
You can get them at conventions, so yes, you can get them in America.
Oh, that's okay.
I have one.
But even yaoi?
Yeah.
Okay.
No, I take them back. Do I have one?
Chris has some.
One of our giggling lesbians.
Well, there you go.
Just thought I'd bring that up.
How about Europe release date Star Saga?
Yeah, on the 24th we have Gravity Crash.
I just think that's a cool name.
27th, Just Dance, Karaoke Revolution, Lego Rock Band, Muramasa,
The Demon Blade on Wii, Naruto Shippuden, Ultimate Ninja 5,
and Resident Evil, The Dark Side Chronicles.
That's it?
The end.
The end.
We'll have more gaming news and then the classic game of the week
coming up in just a few minutes.
Yes, lots of fun stuff.
So it's interesting.
You may remember with the DS, Disney, they're doing something very similar
to this called, I think, DGamer.
Well, Ubisoft, not to be outdone by them or I guess even EA,
have a new service called Uplay.
And this is going to be something that's going to be coming out
starting with Assassin's Creed 2.
It's going to tie in with all the other games that are available
from Ubisoft going forward.
And it's kind of a little bit like an achievement trophy program.
And basically you can go online and link all these games
that you may own from Ubisoft going forward to this
and be able to share your achievements and whatnot with your friends.
It's also a little bit like the Rockstar Social Club
that they've got there for the Rockstar games as well.
So they've got a bunch of different services included
Win, Help, Share, and Shop.
And right now Win is currently in beta.
And Ubisoft is saying that Uplay Win is enabling players
to collect units based on their actions in games
and exchange them for rewards such as exclusive in-game content
or other digital items.
The first of which is an Altair outfit and access to the Auditor Family Crypt.
So that's kind of cool that you can earn stuff in games
and unlock rewards in your games as well.
Is this kind of a trend where the developers are going?
Is that they're kind of like,
well, we want our own kind of Xbox Live type thing,
or we want our own little reward system.
Because it seems like, isn't Activision doing this too?
And certainly Blizzard with Battle.net,
although that's different because that's PC.
Maybe though this is going to be something where they actually have
like, it's to kind of entice people to buy their games
instead of maybe pirating them.
Because in that way, with this you would get like a unique code
that would be, I guess, in your manual or something like that
to prove that you own this game.
Or buying them used.
Or buying them used, yeah.
Because I actually, console piracy doesn't strike me as
as big a problem as it is on PC or other platforms.
You know, it's a lot harder to do
and so I don't think it's, you know, as impactful.
I mean, I'm not trying to belittle it,
but it doesn't seem like it's as impactful.
But certainly the used game market,
if you have a code in the manual, well there you go.
That's what they're really going after is the used game market.
I mean, I'm not sure.
I haven't gotten a copy of Assassin's Creed 2,
though I'm expecting one to be coming soon.
Ubisoft usually hooks me up.
But I guess we'll find out when I play that.
I do like how you can have a rabbit as your icon.
Because rabbits are awesome.
I still gotta play Rabbids Go Home, man.
That looks funny.
Well, in other video game news,
especially in time for the holidays,
you know, something that's being popular this year
with the economy, you know, kind of in the state it's in
and, you know, people making less money
and all that unfortunate stuff is that
Layaway is becoming a little more popular.
You know, I was actually seeing a news story on this
not that long ago about how Layaway is kind of making a comeback.
And Layaway in a nutshell, for those that don't know,
is a way for you to kind of, I guess you could say reserve something.
In other words, you buy something at the store,
but you're not really buying it.
You pay a portion of the money and then you make payments on it
until, you know, Christmas or whatever.
And then you get the item.
And this is much different than a credit card
because a credit card allows you to actually take the item home
and then you make payments on it.
But Layaway is they keep it in the back
and then once you pay off the item, then you can take it home with you.
But it allows you to make sure that you are able to get a copy of something
or that you get something at a certain price or what have you,
which I suppose could be the only, you know,
I was kind of looking at this going,
I don't understand what the advantages of Layaway are,
but I guess these are really the two big ones is that
you actually make sure that you are guaranteed a copy of a hot toy
or whatever it is and at a certain price.
Well, this is affecting the worlds of video games as well.
In fact, Toys R Us made a big announcement this week
that their big gift, as they call it, the Layaway program,
now includes video game hardware.
This is a big request from customers
according to the CEO Jerry Storch of Toys R Us.
And apparently if you deposit 20% of the console's purchase,
including tax and what it is they call a $10 service charge
because they are going to hold the item for you in the back,
so think of it as a storage fee I suppose,
you can do this cash, check, credit card, whatever.
And then as long as you make payment in full before December 6th,
then you can guarantee that you are going to have a copy of this.
And you know with Black Friday coming up,
this is a good way to I guess motivate people to purchase things.
Although honestly, December 6th does not give you a lot of time.
That only gives you like maybe two weeks.
Check out what other retailers are doing though
because I know Kmart, you know as much as we joke about
nobody shops at Kmart, they do have a pretty big Layaway program there
from what I understand and you can put stuff on Layaway there
all the way right through till Christmas.
So anyhow, lots and lots of console models and makes
are on the list there.
And also just a side note, Toys R Us is also expanding
their video game trade-in program.
Now it will be including video game hardware
and it just began on Friday.
You go to the guest service desk and then they're going to scan your items
and they'll make an offer and if approved,
you get a little gift card for the value.
So lots of folks want to get in on that used game market
and now it's used consoles as well,
although I highly doubt you could put a used console on Layaway.
So there you go.
Going into some comments from chat,
AlphaCananagram says,
Layaway equals an ancient Walmart version of pre-ordering.
Frisbee says,
Layaway is also a good place to hide gifts from people.
That's a good thought.
I never thought of it that way, but that's really cool.
Let's see,
Bochekawa says,
Layaway is awesome unless you cancel.
Usually there is a canceling fee and it takes too long
for them to put it back on the shelf.
So if you're going to do Layaway, you might want to double check.
ActDef says,
Walmart doesn't do Layaway now.
They used to, but not anymore.
ActDef, you might want to double check
because I hear it's making a comeback at a lot of stores.
I don't know if Walmart's one of them.
I know Kmart was the one that I saw on the news this week,
but I wouldn't be surprised if Walmart does it to some extent.
And it might depend also on your store, ActDef.
I know you're in Mexico
and things might also be a little different down there,
but I want to say I've still seen the Layaway department at stores here.
Also, there's actually a lot of doll sites, actually.
Like one of the ones I go through, Junkie Spot.
If you're into the ball jointed dolls,
they've had a Layaway program forever.
So that just illustrates that specialty stores will also do Layaway.
Hey, if they can make a sale one way or another,
even if they have to hold on to the merchandise a little longer,
they're willing to do it, which is pretty cool.
You're also dealing with vile resin dolls
that cost upwards of 700 bucks sometimes.
Wow.
Expensive hobby to have.
See that big one there?
Yeah.
She probably cost about 1,000 bucks after she was imported.
Boy, oh, boy.
But you do have some lovely little dolls over there.
She was a gift.
And I see you just put your crochet work on one of your dollies over there.
You might want to take a picture of that for our website
so the listeners can see your hobby.
I'm starting a hat.
Fun.
Right now it's the size of a thumbnail, but it'll get bigger.
Yeah. I'll take a picture.
All right.
Anyhow, well, don't get up with the camera just yet
because it's your time to take us through the vault
and take us on a trip of yesteryear's games
in a segment we call the classic video game of the week
where Dark Sakura dives into the video game archives
and selects one game that she thinks,
damn it, you ought to be playing this game.
Dark Sakura, what is the classic video game of the week this week?
I pulled out a sticky one.
I pulled out Ergize.
Ergize.
Or as it came out in America, God bless the ring, Ergize.
Let's take a listen to some of the music from Ergize real quick.
Go!
Sorry.
That's extremely loud.
I apologize.
That actually does sound like you're doing this a little bit wild.
Okay.
So Ergize, the big thing about Ergize when it came out,
now keep in mind I actually did play this in the arcade,
but the big thing about this one is that for the home version
you can play as a bunch of Final Fantasy VII characters.
You can play as Cloud, Tifa, Sephiroth, Yuffie, Vincent, and Zack.
Well, the arcade still had Cloud and Tifa.
Yeah, I played that in the arcade.
But the home version had the other unlockables.
This is actually now a fairly rare game
because it didn't get a greatest hits release
and it's not being re-released.
So this is one of those ones like Einhander
that you're just not going to be able to find.
I'm sorry.
But anyway, the game actually has the same fighting system
as the Tobol series.
So it kind of plays a bit more like a grappling type of game.
You have your fixed view from one place.
You actually get pine characters and stuff. It's pretty neat.
But it actually, because it was done by Dream Factory,
it was developed by Dream Factory,
which is the same group that did the Tobol series.
It was put out by Namco in the arcades
and then published by Square in the U.S. for the console release.
And actually it is on the Playstation Network, I forgot to say.
But yeah, it's a big fighting game.
Is it really on the Playstation Network?
Yeah.
In America?
It came out last year.
Oh crap. I didn't know that. That's cool.
Well, I don't know if it's in America.
Maybe it's not, but it says it was.
Maybe one of the chatters knows.
The other cool thing about this though is that
you actually have a quest mode in it.
And the quest mode is actually really in-depth.
Like, you go through and...
It's like a hack and slash kind of action RPG sort of thing.
Where you can go and, you know,
smack things around in a randomly generated dungeon
and then go to town and sell stuff and do things.
I mean, it's the full-on action RPG mode.
And then you can do your character development
by one of those little five-point charts that
raises attack, magic, dexterity, defense, and speed.
Which you can actually raise by consuming
protein, vitamins, minerals, carbohydrates, or lipids.
So I would sell those since...
I don't really get it. Anyway.
So you can, you know, adjust your skills
that way by what you consume.
And then you get recipe books and you can
trade wine for recipes and buy stuff that way.
You get kind of like a stock market sort of...
monetary system going on here.
I'm kind of surprised this game wasn't
bigger than everything when it came out.
Because of the fact that, you know,
Final Fantasy VII was so freaking huge.
You know, this game came out during the period of my life
where I wasn't playing a lot of video games
because I was busy with college.
Which I've talked about frequently on this show.
But Final Fantasy VII I had plenty of time for at the time.
I made time for that game because it was so freaking epic.
And I remember playing this and thinking it was awesome.
Although I have to admit I never bought it.
I think I rented it or something.
But I'm just surprised it wasn't a huge freaking deal.
What do you think made this game kind of slip under the radar?
Is it because maybe the rest of the characters
weren't as recognizable or what?
I think that might have been part of it too.
Now keep in mind, the place that I used to go play this
in the arcade was at rescue lanes.
If you remember back in the days when they had a cool arcade.
It's the same place you used to go play like Blazing Star and all those.
And Dan and I used to just go and play this all the time.
It was really cool.
So we got it because we already knew the series.
And I think that the people that didn't get this game
got it for the Final Fantasy VII characters.
But I don't really think that it was promoted the way
that it needed to be promoted.
And on top of that, it really, as a fighting game,
is not, I would say, spectacular.
Nothing outstanding.
It's interesting though, because now we have Dissida
out on the PSP, which is basically a Final Fantasy fighting game.
And from what I understand, that game is doing much better.
Dissidia plays a lot different though.
Yeah, and for what it is.
A big battle game is what it is.
And it's also, you know, keep in mind, it's on PSP,
so the expectations are a little different.
It hasn't penetrated the marketplace quite the way
the PlayStation 1 did, which was epically.
Anything else to say about your classic game of the week?
Yeah, actually one of the regular characters in there,
I actually liked using her more than the Final Fantasy characters.
She was the yo-yo girl who attacked with yo-yos.
She was a lot of fun.
But also the one thing to tell you is that when you play with Sephiroth,
the background music is one big angel.
That's her.
That's your yo-yo girl.
Yeah, I was going to say, Yoko is the, Yoko yo-yo.
Well, her name is, let me go through the names.
Yoko Kishi-bojin.
You've also got Ken Mishima, which always makes me think of Tekken.
Although he looks like Ryan Fury in Tekken.
Han Dehan, who's a Taekwondo guy.
Prince Doza, who I always just laugh at his name.
Lee Shuen Sasuke, who's the ninja, because I mean his name's Sasuke.
Yasha Inoba, and Wolf Girl Joe, who was raised by wolves.
Oh, and you also have Koji Masuda, Clara Andrews,
who I guess is the token, I guess, gaijin of the game.
And Django, who's a sub-boss, I guess.
So yeah, it's pretty cool.
It has a cool soundtrack to it too, I think.
And, um, Air Guys actually did get re-released in Japan in 2000
that had a digital clock and a character diorama
and it came out with the Square Millennium collection.
So, and this is, um, it actually did, now this I barely want to forget.
For the US version it had an Air Guys Championship Tour
that was held at EB and Babbage's.
Oh wow.
1999.
It started in New York.
But yeah, and DigiCube released the soundtrack.
Alright.
It was also one of the joint ventures that Square did.
One of the only ones, I can think of.
Yeah.
Alright, well there it is, your classic video game of the week, Air Guys.
Available on the Playstation 1.
And certainly for a lot of Final Fantasy fans,
this game holds a place near and dear to people's hearts.
Weren't you a big fan of this one, Loki?
I seem to remember you talking about this one.
Yeah, it was awesome.
In fact, I have it on my cabinet, so I just have to see if it actually plays in MAME.
Very nice.
Very nice.
Alright, well, now that we've covered our classic game of the week,
it's time for us to bring Part A to a close.
But don't worry, we will be right back with plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Part B is coming right up, and in tonight's Part B we'll take your Twitter topics.
So if you have anything you want to fire at us,
quick, get to the Twitter and send us a message at OLR.
And then of course our rapid fire news tonight.
And we're going to talk about the video game awards.
The nominees were released.
And some Phoenix Wright coming to WiiWare.
Sounds pretty exciting.
So we will be right back in just a few minutes with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio
as we tape live on this lovely Sunday evening, November the 22nd of 2009.
A happy early Thanksgiving, of course,
to those in America that have the Thanksgiving holiday coming up.
And good luck on Black Friday, you guys,
if anybody's actually going to brave it out there at these stores.
Be safe, for heaven's sakes.
Don't step on anybody and kill them.
Although it sounds like a lot of stores are taking a lot of precautions with all that this year.
Also, people in retail, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Exactly right. I'm very, very sorry to hear about that.
I'm checking out the Facebook, by the way.
We already have 64 fans on our Facebook page.
And we only need 100, again, to get from a cell stage to a creature stage.
So it looks like we might hit it, hopefully, by the end of tonight's show.
And we have one of our listeners commenting here on Twitter.
Alex Carson, I'm sorry, not Twitter, Facebook.
Alex Carson says,
I'll help you reach at least 100 fans if you mention me on the next show.
You're welcome.
So there you go. I did it.
So now, hopefully, I don't know what magical, mystical powers he has over Facebook,
but we'll take a chance there by giving a shout out.
Rob, you have now made us whores.
Although he does post a follow-up, I just sent out over 650 fan suggestions.
Awesome.
But careful, guys. Just make sure you're not spamming,
as long as folks you think would be truly interested in it.
But just I don't even really know what the fan suggestions thing is.
So just, you know, just want to check, just making sure.
All right. Anyhow, we're going to get back into tonight's show with some Twitter topics.
Heading on over to the Twitter, looking at our messages at OLR.
Just a couple of them tonight, because stupid me forgot to ask for them until just before tonight's show.
But, let's see, lots of comments, random things.
ActDeaf made some sandwiches to eat while listening to OLR.
Ironically enough, Loki had some sandwiches before the show tonight, didn't he?
So, delicious.
Subway, yes.
Yes, delicious.
Gamergirl wants to know, what's better, Super Mario DS or Super Mario Wii?
This is hard for me to answer, because I haven't really played the Wii one yet.
And I don't know if any of us really have.
I did play it a little bit at E3.
You know, I think they're just different.
And I hear that Super Mario Brothers Wii is like a great multiplayer game, but it's kind of, it's okay.
It's a single player game.
Whereas I think Super Mario DS is a great single player game.
And I have played that one, and it's a lot of fun.
So, maybe that's the distinction you want to make, is that if you're into a single player game, get DS.
But if you want to get a multiplayer game, get Wii.
Although at the same time, keep in mind the other big difference is that the DS one can go with you anywhere.
And it's probably a little bit cheaper, too.
So, I don't know.
For those reasons, the DS one might have a slight advantage if you haven't either one of them yet.
But if you have some brothers and sisters or, you know, other family members, people that live with you, whatever, significant others that would play this game with you, then maybe Super Mario Wii would be awesome for you.
And the last question tonight from Scoop20906 on Twitter says, Microsoft's new Zune Marketplace on Xbox 360 looks pretty cool and makes me consider getting a Zune HD.
Loki, have you checked this out on the Xbox 360 at all?
I know it was in the latest update.
Mine is still borked, so I haven't got a chance to look at it.
No?
I have not played with anything except for that one time that I tweeted on my 360, and that was the end of the update.
Which, by the way, I don't think I have seen a single tweet from the Xbox 360 from anyone outside of hi from my Xbox 360 or lol tweeting on 360.
I don't think I've seen anybody post an update from their 360 that wasn't about the fact that they're posting from the 360.
Because it's a pain in the ass.
Actually, there is something cool, speaking of tweeting on something other than, you know, your computer or your phone.
They created a way to use brain impulse to tweet.
What?
It's on times 50 inventions of the year.
Now, it takes like a full, I want to say, 15 minutes to do an 8 character tweet.
But they're working on technology so that like, you know, quadriplegics or amputees can use the internet.
Wow. That's crazy stuff.
But it's not the type of thing where it's like reading your brain and...
It works on the type of impulses you get when imagining something.
Well, wouldn't you be nervous about like a tweet going out like, I just pictured this chick naked.
You picture it by letter, by character.
That's still creepy.
Yeah, it's on times webpage.
That's kind of creepy. Like, I don't want my thoughts tweeted.
Even letters that I think about because what if I'm having a dream about Sesame Street?
Never mind.
Alright.
I'm sorry, it's just a little creepy for me.
Like, you know, if we're reading people's thoughts about letters.
I mean, although I appreciate that they're trying to think of ways to get handicapped folks that have severe handicaps to be able to do that stuff.
That's just a little creepy to me, doing it through the brain.
Because it's just a matter of time before the government installs a chip in the back of your brain and they know everything you're thinking.
Ah!
A matter of time before Johnny Mnemonic becomes real?
Yes.
Whoa.
Dude.
Ah, reading some comments from chat.
AlphaKananagram says, as long as it doesn't bring thought police any time in my lifetime, I'm okay with it.
Wasn't that like the plot of Minority Report or something?
I don't remember.
Or 1984, thank you.
AJ Mixx in chatroom says, wait, I'll guess. I can read your brain.
Oh my, is that true? Did you fall in love with some pretty girl?
Dark Tetsuya says, OLR is brought to you by the letter V, the letter A, and the number 59.
I see what you did there.
Alright, anyhow, let's get into some fast news tonight. We call it rapid-fire news because they're just little things we want to talk about before we get back into some discussion. Loki's going to kick it off tonight.
Monopoly is coming to the iPhone. It's actually the regular version of Monopoly. I didn't know there was another version of Monopoly, but apparently it is.
The version Monopoly Here and Now, The World, which was the one that came out originally. This is not. The original Monopoly, $5 in the App Store.
So if you want to play Monopoly on the go, there you go.
3D Dot Game Heroes is coming to the US, which is awesome. Atlas is bringing it over, and it will be coming out over here on May 11th.
So no need to import it, although I know some people will. Although I don't know if I'm one of those people that will do that.
Keep in mind the PS3 kind of encourages it by being region-free, that's all I'm saying.
True. And then coming to Rock Band this week, actually, there's going to be some new songs, including a Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers live anthology pack, including songs A Thing About You.
These are all live versions, of course. American Girl, Even the Losers, Here Comes My Girl, Mary Jane's Last Dance, and Refugee.
Aww, who doesn't know The Last Dance of Mary Jane? That song was awesome. Isn't that the one where he's dancing around with the dead body in the video?
It's Kim Basinger.
That's what Rock Band needs, music videos. Don't get me wrong, I like the epicness of the...
Remember how Amplitude and stuff would play music videos in the background while you were playing some of the songs? Rock Band needs that a little bit, I think.
That'd be kind of neat. And those are available, of course, for $2 each, or the equivalent on your system. Of course, you can get them in a pack, save yourself two bucks, and it's for 800 Microsoft points or $10.
And then an individual song's coming out this week as well. The Go-Go's with Our Lips Are Sealed.
Epic.
Islands of Seals.
Kelly Clarkson with Miss Independent.
Why are they releasing that song and not Since You've Been Gone? Talk about an epic karaoke song. I haven't been to karaoke in a little while, but I'll tell you, I used to go to gay karaoke all the time.
A little gay bar did karaoke all the time. And I'll tell you what, some diva, male or female, would always be up on that stage singing,
Since you've been gone, I can't breathe. And that diva was you, of course, right? Usually. But I can't believe, when I wasn't too busy doing ABBA, when I can't believe that that epic karaoke song is not making its way into Rock Band yet.
Maybe it's coming to Lego Rock Band. I don't know.
Maybe. And then also, Pink, Who Knew? All those are available for 160 Microsoft points, 200 Wii points, or $2.
All right. Well, moving on to some other rapid-fire news tonight. Talking about Dragon Age Origins, which has been getting quite a lot of press lately, there is some download content called Return to Ostagar.
It's coming to the Xbox 360, PS3, and PC. It's only going to cost you five bucks, and they're saying it's coming out during the holiday season.
This will allow your character to revisit Ostagar, the site of the Grey Warden's darkest hour, to reclaim the honor and learn the secrets of Ferelden's fallen king. So, nice to see that there's expansion.
From what I hear, the game itself is, like, epically long. So, if you're already bored with Dragon Age, maybe you gotta go outside. I don't know. I'm just saying.
All right. Hey, Cooking Mama is coming to arcades. That's right. Cooking Mama is making its way to arcades, and it's using a touch screen that kind of reminds me a little bit.
I don't know. When I'm kind of looking at it, it looks like, um, um, oh, God, the name escapes me. The big PSP game on, um, that made its way to, uh, ah, the PSP beat-matching game that's like 2DX that made its way to arcades.
DJ Max. Thank you, DJ Max. Right? That's, yes, Technica. That's the one that's in the arcades. God, why did the name escape me? It looks like that when you're kind of looking at it.
But you use your finger to do all the things that you would usually do with a knife or whatever. But, uh, some of the early screenshots of the game show raw fish.
So, it's like you're having to, like, chop off, chop up raw fish with your finger. Looks a little scary, but, uh, if you fuck up, don't worry. Mama will fix it.
Hey, uh, this week, by the way, was a big holiday for fans of Bomani, Konami's series of music video games, which, of course, this show started all about.
One of the big ones, Dance Dance Revolution. Well, it's still alive and kicking, and, uh, 20 November was the perfect opportunity for Konami to announce Dance Dance Revolution X2 and the location tests that are happening in Japan.
It looks like the first one scheduled for November 25th through December 3rd is when the first location test is happening there in Japan. For more information, you can head over to Konami's Japanese website, konami.jp.
Although, if the last few iterations of DDR, uh, are any indication, these games will make their way over to North America eventually, but they will be subpar.
Oh, I went there! How about some-
You did.
I sure did. How about, uh, more, uh, rapid-fire news? Dark Sakura.
Sorry, my needle was stuck. Well, Brazil, guess what? You got a PS2 now. The PS2 has finally launched in Brazil.
PS2.
The PS2.
Okay.
Yeah. So, um, they- and it's actually out for, um, $7.99, um, I'm not quite sure what BRL stands for. I know it's their monetary system, but the equivalent is $461.
So, yeah. Um, Super Monkey Ball 2 is coming to the iPhone. It will have 115 new levels, local multiplayer, um, enhanced controls, improved graphics, monkey bowling, monkey golf, and monkey target.
And, um, actually the former three are going to be free updates in 2010, but it will be, um, actually, um, out for, uh, 2 pounds 39 pence, so, over in the UK, so.
Um, and Star Trek Online, the open beta, is, uh, going to be starting on, um, uh, it looks like from the 12th to the 26th of January next year.
Uh, keys will be first come, first served. Um, you can get them on Star Trek Online dot com. Um, and you can actually still apply for a closed beta spot, but the, uh, closed beta is, of course, I don't think going to be lasting much longer.
Um, you can, um, the actual game, though, comes out on February 2nd. And I- sorry, February 2nd in North America, the 5th in, um, Europe.
Pardon me, can I fanboy for a minute?
I'm looking for-
I am so excited for Star Trek Online, you don't even know. Like, that's how big of a colossal nerd I am.
Oh, I'm gonna be, um, on this, um, like, waking up early in the morning to get my, uh, my, uh-
I'm so excited. Like, I just- the more I watch Star Trek, the more I love it. Like, seriously, I watched the new movie again over this weekend, and it was a bunch of us, uh, gay nerds getting together to watch the Star Trek movie.
And we were basically Mystery Science Theater-ing it, you know, making fun of it and stuff. I just had so much fun. And I- I loved Star Trek, and especially the new one, and hearing that this, um, is gonna kind of tie into the new one a little bit is very exciting.
So I'm very excited for Star Trek Online. I think it's the one thing that will finally tear me away from WoW. For good? I don't know.
Um, also, can I revisit the Brazil story real quick? Because I think one thing to keep in mind, although we're sitting here going lol at this whole thing, is that keep in mind, you know, in some of the countries we're in, you know, the US, Japan, even the UK, even though you guys bitch about release dates over there.
God, look at this Brazil. And, you know, we've had listeners call in from some foreign countries that aren't often well represented in video gaming.
Um, you know, kind of talk about this, that this is, you know, a problem, and why piracy runs so rampant in their countries is that, unfortunately, there's not a lot of official support in their countries for this.
Um, but, you know, a lot of the reason for that is, again, gaming is expensive, and often there aren't enough people to maybe support the launch of these systems.
So it's, even though we kind of sit here and lol at the PS2 just now being launched in Brazil, I guess maybe it's just because economically and, you know, the demand-wise, it makes sense.
Although, it is weird to hear, and I was seeing some comparisons, that to buy an official PlayStation 2 costs more money than it is to just, like, import one from the US.
So, WTF is the point. I don't know. But, regardless, one way or the other, it's out. So.
I guess they can play games in Portuguese?
Perhaps. Uh, Brad from PodCulture is pointing out, I'll probably be picking it up, too, in reference to Star Trek Online, my first PC MMO, actually.
Um, we're gonna have to figure out how to get, like, a clan or a guild or whatever, an alliance, a federation, I don't know what the hell they're gonna call it on there, because everybody's gonna be a captain of their own ship.
We're gonna need to figure out how to get, like, some type of official OLR, OL Army, in outer space.
I am officially making the OLRE in race, though.
That's awesome, but I think I just wanna play a Vulcan.
I wanna be a sassy Vulcan.
Yo, logic is shit.
Anyhow.
This is wrong.
So wrong.
What the hell you thinkin', bitch?
Anyhow.
And Act F says, uh, the USS Ferret. Dark Tetsuya says, the OLR prize. I'm so excited about Star Trek Online, you don't even know. Like, this is gonna turn into the Star Trek podcast for, like...
Loki is gonna have to be the one that keeps us grounded when this game comes out.
I signed up for the beta, but I'm probably not gonna play it. Just like I do with all the...
Give me your key!
I signed you up, too, okay?
Thank you.
I signed you up first.
Brad from Pod Culture says, sassy Vulcan. Isn't that just a Romulan with PMS? You know, I should just be a Klingon.
Honestly, if I'm gonna be sassy, then I need to just be a Klingon, but forget it.
She has to go around calling everyone a PTAH.
I totally wanna swear at people in Klingon. That's amazing.
I just know that's a... I used to know how to say your mother has a smooth forehead.
For your sake, I hope you are initiating a mating ritual.
Anyhow, sorry. I watched all the Star Trek movies when I was sick with swine flu, okay? Leave me alone.
I'm gonna try to find it. Everyday Klingon phrases. There we go.
Loki news, quick! Save us!
The Spike video game awards are gonna be coming soon, and of course the nominations are out.
With Uncharted 2 getting 8 nominations, Batman Arkham Asylum getting 7, Modern Warfare 2, and Left 4 Dead both getting 6.
Let's go through some of the nominations, shall we, and see what we've got here to start with, of course.
Game of the Year!
And the nominations are...
Assassin's Greed 2, Batman Arkham Asylum, Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2, Left 4 Dead 2, and Uncharted 2.
Interesting enough, all but one coming out within the last month or so.
No President Cat. I am most disappointed.
Exactly. No write-in nominations either. That's kinda sad.
Studio of the Year. They have Infinity Ward. That's funny.
Naughty Dog, Rocksteady, which did Batman Arkham Asylum, and Valve. Of course, Valve is probably gonna win that.
What awesome celebrities are we gonna see at the VGAs?
I have no idea, nor do I care.
I've never watched the VGAs. Can I just kinda throw that out there? Never, ever. Report on it on this show, but never bothered to watch it.
Best independent game. They have Splosion Man, Flower, Osmose, and Trials HD. Those are all actually pretty good.
Yeah, those are all actually pretty good. Those are some good picks. Out of curiosity, what do you think is gonna land Game of the Year?
Modern Warfare 2.
You think?
Yeah.
You don't think they'll go a little more avant-garde?
No. Modern Warfare 2.
Uncharted 2?
Is Uncharted 2 getting the highest scores?
It's by user vote. Modern Warfare 2.
Oh, Modern Warfare 2. Yeah, okay.
Best downloadable game. Battlefield 1943, Fat Princess, Plants vs. Zombies, and Shadow Complex. I'm thinking Plants vs. Zombies is gonna win that.
Yeah, it's kinda crack. Ricky Gomack in our chat says, Jenny McCarthy, as far as celebrities go. I said celebrities.
Since when has Jenny McCarthy been relevant? Oh wait, she has a game to promote, huh?
I guess she's been a guest on Oprah, so that makes her relevant. I don't know.
Best soundtrack. Brutal Legend, DJ Hero, Guitar Hero 5, and the Beatles Rock Band. I hope DJ Hero wins, but I have a feeling the Beatles Rock Band is gonna win.
That's, you know what, I gotta say this though. As much mad respect as I have for the Beatles Rock Band, that's kinda cheating. Come on. That music's like 40 years old.
And granted, it's timeless music, but come on.
It's not really a soundtrack so much as it's just your entire music album, their whole catalog.
I would say though, DJ Hero by far has the best soundtrack. I mean, if you throw out the Beatles, cause that's cheating.
And of course, best music game, you have DJ Hero, Guitar Hero 5, Lego Rock Band, and the Beatles Rock Band.
No surprises there. Have there been other music games out this year that have been as notable? No.
Yeah. No Poppy Music? No Poppy Music. No Karaoke Revolution. Sorry.
Let's decide Curiosity. Best RPG. Borderlands, Demon's Souls, Dragon Age Origins, and Mario & Luigi Bowser's Inside Story.
Congratulations, Dragon Age Origins, for winning that category, cause it will. Although, need to see Demon's Souls.
I don't know. Borderlands is pretty fucking awesome. But it's kind of like, huh? In the RPG category, it's a little weird.
It's more of a shooter, I think. One more category, then I wanna move on with other stories.
We'll do best performance. Oh, let's see here. Best game based on movie slash TV show. Best graphics.
Let's do one of the weirder ones here. How about, oh god, most anticipated game? Really? That's an award?
Interesting. And I'm anticipating it loading. And the nominees are, for games that no one's played yet, but are wanting to play,
Bioshock 2, God of War 3, Mass Effect 2, and Starcraft 2.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. I have an idea. I have an idea. You know what I'm gonna say, right? Oh, wait, wait. Guess what? Yes?
Write in your own choice. You know what I'm gonna ask, right? You know what I want, right?
Star Trek? Nope. Suki Bonshoa Renawee. You need to go onto, this is what I want the OLR me to do.
Suki Bonshoa Renawee. This is what I want the OLR fans to do. I'm gonna tell the people there.
Although, oh, doesn't it say something about it has to be an already announced game?
An already announced as it's coming out. Well, hold on. That's just that category. What about best Wii game?
Front them anyway.
Maybe, um, you can't write in that. But you can write in the most anticipated game, so if we do that, I guess.
Why not? Why not? We'll do it anyway. So I want folks to go and write in-
President Cat?
To write it in and then put in parentheses President Cat. And if enough of us do it, here's the idea behind it, guys. Here's the idea.
If enough of us do it, they'll show it in a clip compilation. So our goal here, guys, here's the goal.
To get President Cat to show up for half a second on the VGAs. That is the ultimate goal. Okay?
So in order to do that, we need like 500 of you to submit that as your vote.
Yeah, so you can go to Spike.com slash event slash VGA 2009, and I'll be on there. I will post the link in chat where you can actually submit your vote for the write-ins.
Chatters? Damn it, no. You don't write in boys love scramble. You write in President Cat. Damn it. Have I taught you nothing?
Yeah, make sure you put in- I'll put it in the chatroom. Sukeban, Shacho, Renna, Wee, parentheses President Cat.
And I'll post this to the Facebook and the Twitter, too, before the night is over.
So it'll never happen.
It will never- no, this is all we want. Maybe they'll go- who hosts this? Samuel L. Jackson or whatever?
The fuck is President Cat?
No, is that he'll have to get up there and show you, you know, well, Bioshock 2 is the most anticipated game of the year, but let's take a look at some of the stuff that you want to see in the write-ins, and they'll show like a little compilation of all these other things.
And then all we want, President Cat, half a second of airtime. It's all we want. All we want.
But if it won the award, that'd be even better.
Mine's it. It's in there.
Alright, I'm gonna submit, too.
Just done.
And can I say, OLR listeners, I love you. I really do.
Now to do it through Internet Explorer.
Alright, moving on, while you guys are furiously submitting your votes for the VGAs, and I'll put that on Twitter and all that fun stuff later.
Phoenix Wright, now this is also an awesome series, is coming to WiiWare. It's a courtroom battle game coming to the WiiWare, and this was revealed in Famitsu Magazine.
Apparently it's gonna be like an episodic thing, because they're gonna start in January in the US, and they're gonna come out every other month for ten bucks apiece.
Rise of the Ashes, which was the extra case that was added to DS Ace Attorney, will be coming out in May, I guess, for just a buck. Go figure.
So these games are gonna come out, and I guess you actually get to swing the Wii Remote to present evidence or something.
I don't know if this is a mock-up somebody did, or the real deal, but I can totally see this being the real deal.
That's the real deal.
Oh wow, that's awesome. So you'll actually get to throw out the Wii Remote, well not literally throw it, but like you're objecting.
So this is gonna be pretty epic, especially for those that maybe didn't get into the DS ones.
By the way, the very first game is just a port of the original Game Boy Advance title, but enhanced for the Wii, of course.
Lots and lots of screenshots already being leaked, so I guess this is the real deal. Awesome. Ten dollars? That's not bad at all.
Now sadly the games are not being ported to widescreen or anything like that. They'll be bordered like a lot of those classic video games are.
But hey, ten bucks for a video game that is almost like cult status, if you wanna say. Not bad at all, right?
No, not at all. There you go.
Dark Sakura, moving on.
Well, for people who are fans of LittleBigPlanet, there's something pretty cool for those people.
As soon as I close down my 50,000 submissions of President Cat.
Yeah, there are going to be Sonic the Hedgehog themed outfits for LittleBigPlanet.
You have, looks like Sonic, Knuckles, Tails, I guess that's supposed to be Shadow, and Eggman. Or Robotnik, sorry.
Do they need to have a Mecha Sonic one? That would be cool.
That's pretty neat. They look cute.
Kind of interesting.
They look like, the Knuckles looks like a monkey.
I think this is the first time besides, and I could be wrong, besides the God of War characters, that you're seeing other characters coming into LittleBigPlanet.
You know, and especially the fact that it's coming from a third party this time. It's not one of Sony's properties directly. It's actually Sega's giving their blessing. That's kind of a big deal.
The Knuckles looks like, they all look like monkeys except for Eggman.
Well, you know, they still have to retain that LittleBigPlanet Sackboy look.
They look like big monkeys.
It's just going to be hilarious for all those people that make knockoff levels from Sonic.
I want, okay, listeners, I challenge you. Make a really kick-ass casino night. And then show us.
They do have some levels that are in LittleBigPlanet that are basically mockups of Sonic the Hedgehog already. Too bad they don't have super speed with those costumes. That would be kind of cool.
It would be cool if, yeah, kind of like how they implemented in the Metal Gear. You have the gun, like maybe implement super speed. We'll see.
Well, something not quite that cool and actually quite disturbing. Apparently, there's a guy who's really into his dating sims, including the dating sim Love Plus.
So much so that he decided to get married to it. Yes, that's right. You heard me right. A guy got married to his DS game.
And you can only do this in one place, apparently. Guam. The guy was pronounced man and wife with his copy of Dating Sim Love Plus.
And apparently, he married one of the characters in the game, Nene Onigasaki, one of the three virtual girlfriends in the game.
And apparently, he's having a reception and everything. He's invited the media. It's just ridiculous.
Come on. Are you that much of a loser that you married a video game? And Guam, what is your problem? You're actually performing a ceremony for somebody that wants to marry a video game?
I just don't get it. Like, really? He married his video game? How does that even work? Is this just a stunt for publicity or something someone made up to see if it would get coverage on blogs?
I don't even understand how legally that works. I don't know, but apparently... So you're telling me gays can't get married yet, which are two living, breathing people that pay taxes, yet you can marry your video game?
This is in Guam. Well, still... Is there gay marriage in Guam? I don't know. But it's just, the whole thing's just, like, what? I think the guy did it for attention.
Attention, whore. Yeah, apparently, I don't know, they're... I'm not sure if this is the same guy, although I find it a little odd if there's someone else in Guam that's also, you know, walking around with his DS.
But apparently some guy, I'm thinking the same guy, also went and visited the Love Bell, which apparently brings good luck to couples, and you're supposed to pull the rope together with the couple, or both of you are supposed to pull the rope together, and of course he had his DS in his hand and pulled the rope with the DS in his hand.
Loser! Tigerclaw in chat. Here's the thing. What if they come up with a sequel to that video game? Will he divorce the previous one and marry the new one?
Will he have to... What if you leave your estate to a video game? How does that even work? Does that mean that the video game developers would get the money?
Yeah, I'm kind of inclined to agree with Bond. Leave the story alone, let's walk away from this now, step away from the show, get away from the news article, but seriously? Seriously? You married your game?
And also, I mean, come on, the chick in it, she's underage looking, man. I mean, that's gotta be illegal.
Alright, well, things are just gonna go from bad to worse here in a minute here. You might remember there was this attention whore out there, Eric Estavillo, who was banned from the PlayStation Network, and he ended up, because he made some hateful comments in the Resistance community, he actually sued Sony twice, and it got shot down by Judge Ronald White, because Sony is not part of the government, you know, the free speech First Amendment doesn't apply.
So what does he do? He decides that in order to find fairness and right in this world, he sues Microsoft and Nintendo. That's right, he's suing $75,000 to Microsoft for the undue stress and sadness caused by the Red Rings of Death.
Quote, Microsoft should have to bear the burden that is now put on the shoulders of this disabled plaintiff. Nintendo is being sued for interfering with the, quote, pursuit of happiness by deleting, blocking, or prohibiting the homebrew channel and Ocarina applications via a system update.
You know what I have to say? You, out of the gene pool, right now. Like, really? I mean, talk about attention whore. These are the very definition of frivolous lawsuit. First off, neither of these systems owe you anything. I mean, the Red Ring of Death thing we've seen before, I mean, get a new cause.
The one that really jumps out at me is that Nintendo deleting, blocking, or prohibiting the homebrew channel, so protecting their rights to people modifying the console means you should get to sue them. Does not compute, syntax error ready. I mean, really?
I hope, I seriously hope that they make you pay for all legal fees, seriously. The legend of Zaku says he needs to have his lawyer employ the Chewbacca defense. Dark Tetsuya says, where are the FUs of the week when we need them? Funny you should mention.
In the course we dedicate our FUs of the week tonight to said person in previous story. Loki, why don't you start us off tonight?
FU to people that don't know how to turn on their headlights in the dark. Yes, I see people driving around in their cars, it's pitch black outside, no headlights on. Or, even better, they have their parking lights on. I'm sorry, parking lights are not headlights.
They need to be eaten by a grue.
Learn to drive safely.
Um, my FU of the week just goes to the fact that the weekend has been very, very short and that, you know, I have to go back to work before I'm ready. I'm just not ready, the weekend's already over. Poor baby. Poor me.
Well, FU number one, me going back to work full time now that I'm officially off of my leave now that my hand works. And, um, also to getting this stuff all over my hands. Uh, acrylic medium for textiles. Gross.
Uh, by the way, the chatters think that, um, this is how the judge should react in that case when the guy walks into the courtroom and, uh, suing Nintendo and Microsoft, that this should be the judge's response. Check it out. Let's see if, um, you guys would agree with, uh, the judge's stance if this were it.
It's all there, black and white, clear as crystal. You stole fizzy lifting drinks. You bumped into the ceiling, which now has to be washed and sterilized, so you get nothing. You lose. Good day, sir.
God, I hope that's exactly how it goes.
Let's get to the mailbag, something a little more pleasant. Every week you guys send us emails at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com, and we pick some of our favorites and read them here on the air, or, uh, we pick some of our not-so-favorites and read them on the air anyway to make fun of them.
Snark Socko, why don't you dive in the mailbag head first, pull out some emails, and, uh, read them.
Well, one's from Spazinator, and actually I'd like to go ahead and say that the, because I've been following up on Twitter, um, the situation was resolved. We followed our advice.
I remember this whole thing from last week, and hopefully the listeners do, too. I know the podcast hasn't hit the feed yet, but in a nutshell, um, Spazinator lost the rights to his video content. I think it had something to do with when he backed them up to his drive or something.
Uh, he had to ref- I don't remember the details, sorry guys.
He had to reformat because of an install error that caused his game to- it, like, glitched or something.
And Sony basically told him, you get nothing, you lose, good day, sir, and we said you need to call back and speak to a supervisor, escalate it, figure out what part of the policy this falls under, and so the situation was resolved.
Well, he says, hi, I'm writing this literally as 11-16-09's show is ending. I tried to call in, but couldn't get there. We actually did talk to him, didn't we?
Not on the phone, only email last week.
Um, I just thought I'd give you some additional info regarding my last email and answer some of the questions and whatnot. Firstly, I think either XLink or AKRipper asked why I didn't back up the stuff.
I- I did, on two Western Digital Passport external HDDs. I don't own a PC yet, by the way. I do the same for my game saves and music.
VideoStore works a bit differently from the GameStore. While the GameStore maintains a list of everything you download, the VideoStore doesn't, aside from trailers and other free content.
Once you download a paid video, it disappears from the list, so you can't re-download it. Also, Sony used the excuse on Friday of their EULA for why they won't let me re-download the videos, but he did get it resolved, did escalate it, and did get all of the stuff, his content returned.
And that happened after this email, right?
Yeah.
Okay. And I'm sure, you know, he likes to call us a lot, so I'm sure he'll be on the phone later on to tell us more about it, so let's just go ahead and go to the next call. Hopefully he gets through.
Okay. The next one up is from someone who didn't name themselves, so I'm just gonna say Brandon, because that's the first name.
Anyway. Dear OLR and gamer crew, I have some monster reviews for DS and PSP slash PSN games plus news, Hannah Montana the movie DS. Okay. Um, I know, I know, I know what the living hell is. Seventeen year old boy playing a game for little tween girls that's only the audience. The sound is MP3 quality, it gets a 3. Okay.
Dude. Grammar. Next, DJ Hero. Okay, Is does not have a Z. It's IS, not IZ. Gosh.
Alright. This is the ultimate DJ Sim. The genre's range- okay, he uses genre, but doesn't know how- anyway. Ranged from rap to Motown, easy learning curve, and great. Great does not have an E at the end. For music and gaming fans alike, I give it a 10.
Peace out, oh, DS Lover. No wonder. This is sponsored by BeatMania, the Losers- Losers is not spelled L-U-Z-E-R-S. I'm not reading anything else from you.
Let's go to the grammar judges on that email.
Sorry. Okay, this last one comes from, um, someone.
Hi. This is my first email, so let me start off saying I love the show, it's pretty much the closest I get to a video game discussion. Most of my friends play Wii Sports and minigame collections.
Anyways, I wanted to ask you guys a question. What was your first midnight release game you stood in line for? And what was the longest you waited for? My first was Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, which was interesting because I was only 14, and they didn't ask for ID back then.
It was okay, though, because my mom and dad watched me play Vice City and said they would answer any questions I had.
The longest wait was when the Wii was launching. Three friends and I waited 33 hours in 20 degree weathers to buy it. The only reason we had to wait outside was two days earlier people were waiting in the store for PS3 and were opening toys and trashing the store.
I mean, why would you do that? I'll say people should not be jackasses and smoke in line. Amen.
I was in line for Modern Warfare 2 and these people were smoking joints. I'm not against weed, but seriously, do that in privacy, not in public. They did have a sober driver, at least.
Well, I look forward to your answers. I hope the podcast feed is updated soon because my computer has been fried for a month and I'm using the PSP to listen to you guys.
Two episodes went up today. Go get them now.
By the way, this email is brought to you by Lil' Catz, where you can house cheeseburger and invisible items.
I have to be honest, I'm not a big fan of the midnight releases. It's usually freaking cold out. The last one I can honestly remember going to, actually I think the first one I went to was when the Wii was released.
My first was the Dreamcast.
And even then, I didn't wait in line all night. We went out to go take, remember we did this whole cute little promotion thing where we took cookies and orange soda to people in line?
Chris and I were taking donuts and coffee.
It was a cheap promotion for our show, basically. But people seemed to genuinely appreciate it. At first, people were kind of weirded out by it, like, whoa, people are bringing us stuff.
We're like, no, we're just trying to promote our show. And people were pretty cool with it. In fact, remember that? Some dude at Target was listening to our show on his iPod.
That was such a trip. He knew who we were. So that was awesome.
So yeah, that was cool. And you guys ended up staying at Target and got your Wii. And then I sent my roommate, Christopher, to go so I could sleep in my nice warm bed and I didn't have to wait all night for a Wii.
Well, my first midnight launch that I think I went to was when the Dreamcast came out. September 9, 1999. We'd already had a Dreamcast by then, for the record.
Because we had an import Dreamcast. But Dan and I waited in line, and we were really only there for about maybe three, four hours.
My friend Mel, not Mel as in Mel and Melody, but Mel that manages the GameStop.
Yes, I know Mel.
She and I actually sat in line and we actually walked over to Barnes and Noble, bought cheap books, and just sat in line reading cheap books off the clear shelf.
You know, I usually don't go to midnight releases. I'm patient enough to wait until the next day. With my job, I can't stay up all night playing a video game. I have to go to work the next day.
Well, the launch for the Wii, though, that was over a weekend. Because I remember Marissa was in town, and we went to see Marissa, our buxom friend Marissa, at some music convention for indie artists or something.
It was a pretty cool thing. And then you called us to let us know what you and...
Because literally it was a last minute idea. Like, we were like, let's go out and take cookies to the people in line and then say it's from Orange Line Radio.
Chris and I bought our place in line. Seriously, we're like, dude, we're gonna go out and get donuts and coffee. And we will give you some if you let us get in line. Okay. So we got in line.
So they held your place, basically.
They held us the place in line.
And from what I remember at Target, anyone that was in line before like 5, 6 a.m. ended up getting one anyway.
Well, this one woman walked up, just as they had given out all the numbers, and everyone who was there got a number. Except her.
She comes prancing her little butt up at 7 in the morning, going, so where's my number? Um, you missed out, ma'am.
And this was, of course, when the Wii was still hard to get, so it was... I think that we were smart. We took the Ferengi rules of acquisition to heart and swallowed, I think, was it...
Dignity and an empty sack is worth a sack.
Can you believe that was three years ago?
Yeah.
And that all went down?
Alright.
So yeah.
Now, uh, I guess, uh, any other emails tonight?
No!
Lowkey, did you ever do a midnight launch? They're not really my thing. You don't have to, because of your industry. You get them early anyway.
Not always.
Not always.
A lot of times I do.
Now I get Dan to reserve stuff.
I think I did with Grand Theft Auto IV. I think I went and picked it up at midnight.
I went to a Final Fantasy XII midnight launch. There was hardly anybody there.
I used to for all the other Grand Theft Auto games. I used to go there and pick it up at midnight.
That's cool.
Alright, we got a couple more stories for you guys, and then we're going to open up our Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
Just a tip, folks. If you are going to use Skype to give us a call, please, please, pretty please call the Echo Test Service first.
That's Echo123 is the username.
And make sure you can hear yourself and the nice little British lady that does the little voice check with you.
It will help save the pain of us having a failed call.
Yes.
So this is kind of cool.
Of course, we were talking about modders doing stuff to Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 earlier.
Well, of course, the other game that came out very close to that, of course, Left 4 Dead 2.
They also have some modders doing stuff for that as well.
Including the modders over at Left4DeadMods.com, or L4DMods.com.
They have found a way to implement the original maps from Left 4 Dead 1 into Left 4 Dead 2.
And although Valve hasn't released the software development kit yet for Left 4 Dead 2, they had to, I guess, do some workarounds in order to get it to work.
So basically, it just requires you to change some files in the original game.
And of course, you have to own both games before it's work.
And then you can go ahead and play those maps in your new game.
That's kind of neat.
Well, we kind of knew the hackers would do this.
This is just inevitable.
By the way, speaking of editing levels, and I suppose this was inevitable as well.
Whenever there's a way to edit worlds in a side-scrolling game, it's inevitable that someone is going to make World 1-1 from Super Mario Bros.
But has it been done in a Super Mario Bros. game before?
I don't know, but it's been done with Super Mario Bros. Wii.
Within 48 hours of the game release, there were level editors already out for it.
And sure enough, somebody made World 1-1 from Super Mario Bros.
Now we're looking at a video here in studio of this actually running.
But the thing to keep in mind, this is actually running on an emulator.
So it's kind of slow. You can see that there's frame rate issues.
And I don't know if it's because the dude's trying to record it to YouTube.
But, I mean, it's a pretty faithful recreation of World 1-1, except the fact that it runs slow.
But I'm sure in just a matter of time, they'll have this up to full speed.
I just couldn't believe there's already emulators for Wii games.
I guess I seem to remember reporting on it on the show before.
It faced off the GameCube hardware, so they should use the GameCube emulator.
The important thing is if it's got the invisible...
Oh, it does. It has the invisible 1-up cube.
I didn't see dude go down the pipe, though. Maybe he doesn't want to show that off. I don't know.
When there's a will, there's a way. Somebody figured out how to do it.
Now my question is, I guess you can't really actually play this on a Wii yet.
Because there'd be no way to burn the disc and it would run, right?
You have to use an emulator for this.
Yeah, because this stuff is signed.
There may be a way. Because you can do...
Well, that might have been with... Because I know you can create hacked Smash Bros. games.
So maybe you could do that with New Super Mario Bros.
I don't know. I think a lot of this stuff needs to be trunk...
What was it? Trunk-a-shine?
What was it? Trunk... I don't remember how they pronounce it.
It's some sort of signing that they have.
Some user created a program to re-sign everything in there.
Because everything's encoded, of course.
It's just a matter of time before the hackers figure it out.
It's time for you to give us a call.
1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
If there's a particular news topic that we didn't talk about tonight that you think we should give a little time to,
now's the perfect time to get through.
Again, that's 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Keep in mind our number is toll free in the US and Canada,
but if you're in another country besides that, you want to play it safe and use Skype.
While we're waiting for some phone calls...
Oops, I think we might still be in do not disturb mode.
Oh, we're getting a call. I guess we're not.
Talk about tonight.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hi, this is HackDeaf.
Hi, HackDeaf. What's on your mind?
Nothing much, but I want to talk about the PS2 launching in Brazil.
Please do, because I know you have probably a unique perspective on this,
because you live in Mexico, which is closer than we are to Brazil.
But all joking aside, you live in a country that isn't always supported by the game companies, correct?
True.
So what's your thoughts on the game launch in Brazil of PS2?
Basically, just government, just doing the wrong things when importing electronic stuff and new technologies.
Here in Mexico, we have the problem of...
It's not very big as Brazil since we already have PS3s, 360s, and Wiis here.
But there in Brazil, they charge like 200% over what the electronic device costs.
Good lord.
They charge you $400 for a PS2 in Brazil.
And that's a tax? That's just money that is collected as a tax for whatever purpose?
Yes.
That's crazy.
Here in Mexico, we have that tax too, though it's not that high.
We get charged like double of what a game costs in the US.
Like for example, the Beatles Rock Band, it costs $60 in the US.
It costs Mexico like 1,000 pesos, which is around $70 for a game.
Though we have the consoles, we cost here 4,000 pesos, which is around $350 US dollars.
But to be fair, a lot of this happens when you import from country to country too.
For instance, if we were to buy stuff from Japan, we'd be looking at very similar overheads.
But at the same time, and help me clarify this, when we import stuff from Japan,
it's because we're paying a fee from whoever is grabbing it from Japan.
But are you talking about that even when the companies release things directly in Mexico,
that there's still this overhead?
Or are you paying an overhead because your Beatles Rock Band copies are coming from the US?
Yeah, we basically pay the import fees because it comes from the US.
They sell it in official retailers here, and it's official software and merchandise.
Though because it doesn't get made here exactly, it gets imported from the US,
we get charged that much.
The only company that does distribute officially here in Mexico and makes their games in Mexico is Microsoft.
For example, Halo 3, Years of War, Forza 3, all cost around 600 pesos,
which is maybe even less than it costs in the US.
Interesting.
Describe briefly for our listeners, before we have to go to another call,
how big the gaming scene is in Mexico.
Is it something that's only for rich people can get into?
Or is it something that it seems like it's pretty commonplace?
Or does Mexico seem kind of behind where maybe everyone owns a Super Nintendo
because those are easier to get now?
They're not that behind on hardware.
Like I said, people have here PlayStation 3, 360s, Wii.
So maybe the people that don't have that kind of money to purchase a console from this generation have a PS2,
which also costs a lot, but it's cheaper considering Wii costs over 1000 pesos more than a PS2.
I got to say, that's not too dissimilar from what happens here because even though I'm sure listening to the show,
it sounds like we all have PS3s because the hosts of the show do.
I know a lot of people that haven't taken that plunge to the 360, to the PS3, in a lot of cases even the Wii,
because they just can't afford it, starving students or what have you in this day and age economy,
that PS2 is a lot more lucrative when it's only 99 bucks.
Yeah, it's not that different from the US.
Like I said, in Brazil, the official release this year and after the official release,
and pretty much everyone else is just crazy.
That's why Mega Drive or Genesis Systems is pretty big over there because it's cheap.
Though, it's cheap and also it's affordable for everyone there.
And you know, if it's cheaper to pirate it and if it's cheaper to import it,
or if it's cheaper to get it not the official way, that's what people are going to do, sadly.
Well Act Def, we've got to let you go so we can get some more calls,
but thank you as always for the worldly perspective, we appreciate it.
Thank you, you too.
Alright, take care buddy.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
Loki, any quick last minute stories before we get to another call?
Yeah, we'll talk real quick about the Sonic Classic Collections coming to DS.
And that's like all the old school Sonic games?
Yeah, just like the one on 360.
So that they've re-released like 50,000 times?
Yeah, but not on the DS.
Alright, hi, we got another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hey everyone, it's Ronma.
Hi Ronma, how are you doing?
I'm good, how are you guys doing tonight?
Good, hey, real quick, this is why they don't give us Virtual Console on the DS.
Because if they gave us Virtual Console on the DS, they couldn't be making the Sonic Collection.
Just saying.
Very true.
Just saying.
Hi, Ronma, sorry about that, just had to get that thought out there.
No problem.
What is on your mind, my friend?
We haven't heard from you in a few weeks.
I have to say, I've missed you a little bit.
Oh, I've missed you guys too.
Aww, big hug.
But our aim's improving.
Aww, what's on your mind?
Yes, I know, I told a bullet go by about a few seconds ago.
Besides the fact that I just got back from another convention last week, I was at a Nintendo
World for another special event.
And what was that?
The release of New Super Mario Brothers for the Wii.
Of course, of course, how did that go?
It was fun, despite all the rain and the wetness.
You didn't have to compete with the tree lighting, did you?
Nope, but the tree was already there, but mostly everyone was there to check out New
Super Mario Brothers Wii, believe it or not.
Wow, okay.
Even though this makes for great radio, I am posting a link in the chat room where they
can check out pictures.
May I plug my website?
Of course you may.
Just go over to DJRonS.net, click on the scrapbook, and go to events, and you'll see the pictures
from that Saturday.
Did you dress up as Black Luigi?
No, I decided not to.
Well, now I see a Princess Peach, I see a Mario, but no Black Luigi.
I just decided to wear just the hat, and when I got there, there were people dressed up
as Propeller Mario and Propeller Luigi.
I'm like, well, next time.
Cute.
Oh, there's a little kid dressed up as Mario.
That's precious.
I like that.
Yeah.
By the way, I don't know if this is me or if we're all hammering this now, but some
of your links are coming up broken, so just double check your gallery.
Yeah, there's an issue with the gallery software, but if you click on all the broken links,
there are actual images there from the event.
Okay, I believe you.
By the way, now that we have the whole Facebook group, go ahead and feel free to post the
link there, too.
Oh, that I will do.
Yeah, see?
It has a practical purpose.
We should have had this a year ago.
That's all right.
Well, I'm glad to hear you had fun at the event.
You were at a convention this weekend, right?
Yes.
Okay, tell us about it.
Or is it worth talking about?
Well, it's called Anime USA.
It's not a small anime convention.
They've been around for about several years.
It was in the same location as Capcom this year.
I went as a dealer and as press, and it was fun.
In a way, it reminded me of anime because everything was practically open all night,
including the fact that we had a five- and six-hour rave going on.
Wow.
That was fun.
Leaving, and half the fun was leaving trying to find water, and we couldn't find water
trying to find cups for water.
Now, I always ask this about conventions because I know a lot of you go for the anime,
but we talk about the games here.
So what kind of gaming room setup did they have?
Or any tournaments or anything?
I didn't get you to check out the tournaments, but the gaming rooms were slightly different.
I remember I had mentioned how one convention I went to, they had a dark room just for Rockman.
They pretty much had that for both gaming rooms.
And they had two main setups, one for Tekken 6 and one for Street Fighter IV.
Attached to, I believe, a 40-plus-inch television, which was also connected to a massive projector as well.
Wow.
Everybody likes to see things bigger and better, so projectors are always welcome, I'm sure.
Oh, definitely.
Well, any other thoughts for our listeners before we let you go to get more calls tonight?
Not thus per se, but I wanted to know, did you guys try New Super Mario Brothers Wii?
Because I wasn't able to listen to the show last week.
You know what? Sadly, I haven't been able to pick it up yet.
I played some other games this week instead, and it just seems like nobody here has just really had the incentive to run out and get it.
That's right.
The economy's taken the toll on us all, DJ Rama.
We have to pick and choose our games carefully.
We can't run out and buy things, and game companies don't send us stuff for free because we're just some shoddy little independent podcast.
I hear you completely.
I still did play it at E3, and I would like to play it, you know, because it's so different.
Playing things at E3 is not the same as playing them in your living room.
I know, I know.
My biggest concern about the whole thing, though, is that I hear multiplayer is the superior aspect of it, and I don't really have anybody to play with.
I mean, I bet my roommate would play, you know, once or twice with me, and then, you know, my friend Victoria, who's over all the time, might play a couple times with me.
But I don't have anybody that really would want to, like, sit there from beginning to finish to play with me, you know what I mean?
True, true.
But I will say this much about Super Mario Brothers Wii, and I'll be on my way.
If you liked Super Mario Brothers 3 and the elements of Super Mario World, you're definitely going to like New Super Mario Brothers Wii. Simple as that.
Well, those are two very, very big Mario games near and dear to my heart.
You know, I am hearing, I have heard glowing reviews from, and this is important to say, not just you and the folks who listen to this show.
But the day the game came out, my Facebook page was littered with people that I sometimes forget play video games because they don't really talk about it very much that were excited about this release.
For instance, Rama, you know, because you met her when I went to New York, you know my friend that I go to visit in Brooklyn, who I knew since college, right?
Right.
Who thought it was a little silly that we were all getting together to go to that video game store, right?
She's one of those people that posted that was all excited about the release of New Super Mario Brothers Wii, because she loves the old school one.
And didn't we all go to that game store just to get her a copy of the Guardian Legend, or was it just for yourself?
That was for me to buy for her, because she recently hooked up her 8-bit Nintendo, and I said, if you're going to hook up your 8-bit Nintendo, you need a copy of the greatest game ever made.
By the way, on a completely unrelated tangent, I went to the local flea market here, which I'm finding can be an awesome place to find video games.
Although I didn't pick it up, and I really am kicking myself now, I should have, I saw a copy of Guardian Legend for two bucks, and I was like, oh, kind of want.
You don't need to have...
I know, I know, but I just don't have...
Two dollars, Ron!
I know, I should have just bought the damn thing, but I didn't. Final Fantasy cartridge, 20 bucks, but it was still there. I held it in my hand. It was godly.
Anyway, Ron, we've got to let you guys get some more calls, but thanks for the conversation as always, and have fun with your convention going.
Fanime 2010, maybe?
I already have event plans that weekend, but I do believe there's talks of OLRG cons, like that round, Fourth of Joy weekend, something like that.
I'm all for that. You know what, we need to set up some type of mini-con. We just need to make it happen. I don't know how to do it, but I have a friend who's into event planning, so I might have to seek some outside help, and we have to have ourselves an OR mini-con.
I don't know how many people will come to Sacramento for it, but hey, if we can get like 30 people to show up, I'd call it a success.
Hey, if Jamie can get me to travel 3,000 miles and twist my arm to make it out there, it won't be hard to get everybody else to do so.
We'll try our best. All right, take care, Ron. Have a good one.
All right, laters.
Later. 1-877-GAME-OLR is the number to call, or our username on Skype, OrangeLawnsRadio. Other last minute stories tonight, Loki?
Yeah, they're actually doing a dedicated store for EA Sports Active. There's actually one that they opened up in Boston and San Francisco, which seems kind of odd. I don't know how you could have a whole store for EA Sports Active.
Well, I mean, you know, if Wii Fit is doing as well as it is with its storefront set up and so forth, I'm kind of not surprised.
Yeah, but it's a dedicated store, though.
Yeah, that's weird. Okay, hold on, we got another call. Hi, you're on OrangeLawnsRadio. Who's this?
This is Deathwishing.
Hi, Deathwishing. Another caller we haven't heard from in a while. What's on your mind?
Well, I haven't heard from you. I've been on a concert binge, but it's all about just Modern Warfare 2 lately with me.
Good, because, you know, I don't know if you heard last week's show, which you probably haven't because the podcast, you know, has taken a while to get up, and I admit that's my bad.
I'll go to the concert.
What concert, Sad Curiosity?
My concert. It's from my choir.
Oh, okay. Oh, you're in Glee Club.
No, it's, I love, I just do it because I like to sing.
Oh, well, I just, I love Glee. That's alright. Anyway, what was I going to say?
Well, if you want me, I can show you a couple of things, because I went to the minute I released the one of things, so if I can, if you guys can see the video feed on Skype.
Um, no, we don't have video. Sorry.
I'll take a full picture. I have a poster and a big cardboard cutout that I won from a GameStop.
Usually the video feed, like, kills our Skypes. That's why we don't usually have it.
Yeah, so I have a, I'll take a picture of it. I have a big, you know, I have a big, huge cardboard advertisement that you can get, and then I have a poster.
On the other hand, I heard a couple of things, like, I heard there were going to be aliens and zombies, but they got cut out.
Of Modern Warfare?
Just from, what's it, the Inside Gaming Twitter. I heard something about that.
Interesting. I hadn't heard anything about that.
A Call of Duty MMO being made, and possibly a movie.
Now, here's the thing. This came up on last week's show, and we didn't get a whole lot of feedback on this, but this is what I want to ask.
You know, obviously, we here at Orange Lounge Radio, this isn't usually the type of game we get into, and it's not to knock on the game.
It's just that I suck at first-person shooters, so I don't really get into these games usually.
What is it about Modern Warfare 2, as opposed to all these other types of shooter games that are out there?
Halos of the world and everything else. What is it about Modern Warfare 2 that is making it the must-have game of the year?
Because it's borrowing aspects from just all these other games. Like, it's borrowed aspects from, what's it, I want to say Halo, because it has, like, medals and stuff now you earn.
It actually, funny, see, here's the thing. It borrowed stuff from Street Fighter, with the titles and emblem system, and it's exactly like Street Fighter for titles and emblems.
And, like, when they interviewed them about the emblem system, I guess the Infinity Ward guys, they played a crapload of Street Fighter.
They kind of put the third person, they're trying to take the rap at Gears of War.
So, it's really, if you kind of want to look at it, it's really, you could say it's just another copy and paste, but the thing is, they do it more well.
It's, like, a lot of underlying stuff you have to do with, like, the way guns handle. It's really balanced.
Like, if there's a guy that's really good, you can still find a way to take him out. It's not like on Halo where you have to be skill-based, you know?
Or, like, if you don't play Halo at all and you go online, you just, like, can't do anything.
You do, you get raped in the face. That happens to me all the time. When I try to sign up and play Halo, it's like, bam, you're dead, bam, you're dead, bam, you're dead.
Yeah, my friend, he doesn't play at all. He can maybe at least, on a good night, pull at least four or five kills in a match.
Wow, and Halo, he was finally getting one, and the rest was just respawning.
Wow. They need to make, like, I really wish Microsoft would make, like, Halo Remedial Edition for people like me.
No, what they should make, really, was, like, what they said they would do in the first place was have skill matching so you play with people your skill level, which I never saw implanted.
That true skill thing that was complete bullcrap.
Because a lot of people reset their skills or create new profiles, and then, you know, you get all these really skilled people that are starting from ground level one.
Is there a way to make that console attached, you know? They kind of just made it for the console.
I wish, but sadly, that feature doesn't seem to work too well.
And, funny thing you should say, remember how you were talking about the global thermonuclear warfare thing?
Yeah.
That's also a call sign in the game, so that kind of was a little weird.
Do you want to play a game?
Uh, okay, okay, okay, uh, dude from Sol, I forgot his name.
No, it's, let's play Global Thermonuclear War.
Do you want to play a game?
It's a war game.
It's a war game.
I know, the kid wasn't even born yet, probably.
Alright, Death Wishing, do you have any other final thoughts for our listeners before we let you go?
Um, are there any good fighting games coming out?
Super Street Fighter IV, and, you know, if you don't really want to take the plunge on that,
Street Fighter IV has gotten a big price reduction in a lot of retailers, so if you haven't picked that up yet, you haven't?
Tekken 6.
Tekken 6?
I've heard, I'm going to tell you, I've heard mixed things on Tekken 6.
It's Tekken!
So, I don't know.
It's Tekken, therefore it's worthy.
You might want to run it first.
I don't know of any other big, big fighting games that people are very excited about right now. I think Tekken 6 was kind of the anchor for the year.
Um, I would bet there's a new Soul Calibur announced pretty soon, and some other games we'll be looking at next year.
But, um, nothing outside of Super Street Fighter II that I, or, sorry, Super Street Fighter IV that I know of, unless somebody in chat happens to know. Don't know.
So, we'll see.
Alright, well, Death Wishing, we're going to let you go so we can take some more calls, but thank you so much for the call, as always.
Call of Duty now.
Later!
Any other last minute stories tonight, Loki?
We'll take one more call.
What the hell?
1877 Game O.L.R.
No last minute stories.
That's it?
Well, there's not much I want to talk about.
Holy crap!
Alright.
Somebody in chat is saying, did you notice your Skype hit 250 contacts?
No, I don't think we have 250 contacts. Do we really?
Maybe. I've never bothered to check or count them all up.
Alright, we'll see if we get any more calls here.
And then we're going to call it a night here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Of course, we still have the afterbirth for the live listeners, for the podcast listeners.
Tune in live sometime.
Chatters, by the way, BlazBlue in chat, I'm sorry, ActDeft in chat says BlazBlue for the PSP.
Aren't you going to introduce me first?
Hello?
This is Legend of Zaku.
Hi, Legend of Zaku, what's on your mind?
Nothing much, just killing another Sunday evening with my MacBook trying to do the ritualistic whittling of code and listening to your show.
Um, yes.
So I kind of realized that certain companies in particular are starting to hate on certain platforms.
Case in point, Gameloft.
You may have heard of them from such mobile games as...
I'm trying to think of a good Gameloft game.
What the hell, are you typing onto your Skype headset?
All I hear is clack, clack, clack, clack.
It's as bad as Jamie when she puts the mic down next to her keyboard.
Clack, clack, clack, clack, clack.
Long story short is that they're giving up on Android, even before it's even hitting its peak.
The reason I'm bringing this up is because this proves that the sheer number of, you know, the fact that iPhone is so prevalent and people are basically using it as a massive baseline, like some unreachable bar for other platforms to jump over.
In this case, they're just saying because we can make 400 times as much on the iPhone, on the Apple Store with Apple's bullshit in terms of going through the approval process, they could easily just kill funding for Android.
You know, a lot of people have been getting pissed off at iPhone's little approval process, and one of them, it seems like, is Google.
I like how Google tried to throw down the gauntlet saying, hey, we've got this free turn-by-turn navigation app that is going to make TomTom shit their pants that we're willing to release on the store, you know, whenever Apple decides they want to let us release apps on the store.
I mean, I can understand the rationale. Money comes first to them. I mean, in that sense, they have every right to make as much money as they please, but, you know, they kind of gave up on it. They're acting a bit premature by just trying to, like, not give it a chance.
I guess it's because of the fact that an Android, you could actually get a refund and, you know, and all the try before you buy. So that's really scaring them off.
You know, there's a comment in chat, fuck Apple in the ass from ToaKak. You know, there's a lot of people that are of that mindset, but the problem is Apple has a lock on this shit right now. Like, seriously.
People, lots of people have iPhones.
Well, one could argue that the way they, you know, the way they set up their store, you know, their platforms, you know, the fact that it's almost video game-like where you need, like, to pay licensing just to get it up is kind of more streamlined.
Granted, you do have its growing pains with the approval process.
Well, I'm not going to disagree with you. I think Apple's approval process stinks, but at the same time, I don't think there's a lot we can do about it, especially when they're largely in charge.
If another phone steps up and actually gives them competition, but as of right now, there isn't anybody even close, except maybe Crack Berries, the Crack Berries storm, but even then...
I mean, I worked on Black Berries, and even then, you know, you could easily distribute your apps on your own. I mean, it's just now that Rin managed to get a Blackberry app store.
But aside, let's divert our attention. I think we're straying, we're deviating a bit too from the actual nature of this show.
Sure.
Basically, I'm trying to bring up a little story that I saw on Kotaku about how Team Fortress 2 managed to get a lot more updates than any other Valve game to date. At least almost 97 updates, to be exact, ever since its release.
True. It does seem like we've been reporting a lot on Team Fortress 2 on the show. Like, there'll always be a new class or a new mode in the game. They've done a lot of changes to that game.
I want to play as the sandwich.
I guess people have thrown the argument that maybe it's because they actually care about their platform. I actually saw a little tidbit from what they actually quoted, that every time that Valve releases an update for Team Fortress 2, their sales go up 20%.
Whereas, when you have Modern Warfare 2, where Activision is planning to sell you DLC that's already in game, and it may not be worth the money you're actually paying for it.
You know what, Zaku, that's a very good statistic that I think a lot of people sometimes don't take to heart, is that when a lot of these games do these massive updates, they continue to sell.
Let me give you another example. Burnout Paradise was cranking out a lot of very big updates to it that would change the game significantly. It was a way to keep the game relevant and newsworthy and continue to get it on all the blogs and create awareness for the game.
But the fact of the matter is that Valve basically put those Team Fortress 2 updates for free. You're talking about class updates, new game modes, literally for free.
You see where Activision, and Microsoft's also guilty of this as well, for trying to nickel and dime people.
Well, money talks, my friend, and if people say that they're not going to get nickeled and dimed by the Modern Warfare 2 DLC, and they switch to hacking, as a lot of people are doing, then somebody's going to get the message, loud and clear.
For the $60 you're paying for the PC version, it's kind of like you're getting ripped off of the fact that even in Call of Duty 4, you got the maps for free, and console players had to shell out money for it.
I don't know. I guess it keeps in line where Activision's starting to come up with these crazy methods of trying to maximize profit on just about every game they release, but that's them. I guess that's their rationale for trying to be EA's for the early, middle of this decade.
Alright. Saku, I gotta wrap up and let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks so much as always for the call and getting us to talk about topics that we might not otherwise talk about.
Alright.
Have a good one, buddy.
Alright, that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight. Apologies to those that didn't get through. It was a pretty busy night on the phones tonight.
You can always send us, of course, an email mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com, or you can send us a message on Twitter, or now we have Facebook and the official Orange Launch Radio fan page on Facebook, which I'm going to give one more link to in our chat room and hope that maybe we can get 100 fans by tomorrow, so that way we can grow our Facebook page into the next evolution of Facebook pages where we get our short URL and not an ugly-ass number there.
Anyhow, if there's no other last-minute stories, DarkSakura, Loki, nothing, I don't think I have anything either.
In other news, I like fire.
Well, that's not news.
They have a Neo Geo two-slot system over here, full-size arcade, some guy's moving, he's already sold his house, $300.
Wow.
Nice.
If you need one for your garage.
I'm tempted, but there might be some changes going on in Rob's life that I can't get into right now, but maybe later.
Anyhow, I'm going to go ahead and start to wrap up the show then.
Thanks, everybody, as always, for tuning into and supporting Orange Launch Radio.
Independent podcasts rely on word of mouth, and so we really appreciate it when you guys do tell your friends about the show, such as the dude who told all 650 of his Facebook friends, but just keep in mind again, don't spam it.
What are we at now?
78.
We're almost there.
So especially considering we set it up today, I'm very impressed, and much love to the O.L. Army for all their help, because he wasn't the only one that posted on Twitter.
I saw like four retweets, and all of that is very much appreciated.
Thank you guys so, so much.
It's time to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Dark Sakura.
I want dinner.
Loki, your final thought.
I guess we'll sign up for the fan page.
Haven't done it yet.
You haven't done it yet?
I'm going to go do that, Matt.
I know you might not be a fan of the show, but you should probably go do that at some point.
And my final thought is I don't want to have to grade the big stack of papers that's sitting at home waiting for me.
So anyway, that's going to do it.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in and listening to us.
Even though it is a holiday weekend, we will still be back here next Sunday, right?
Nobody's got anything planned.
So we will be back here next Sunday for more of Orange Launch Radio to do it all over again.
So until then, I'm Rob, she's Jamie, he's Loki, and we're out.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
