It's the Attack of the Clones!
No, not the Star Wars prequel, this one was a sequel!
Wortle Clone Qortle, a quad wortle, four boards at once version was purchased by Merriam Webster.
This is the second wortle-like purchase and it is not known when someone will purchase
duo trigortle.
This intro is full of words that couldn't be played in a typical wortle or wortle-like
game.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice it is Orange Lounge Radio and we're live once again episode
number 945 of our show for tonight January 22nd of 2023.
My name is Rob Roberts I'm joined here live on this Sunday evening as I am most often
with my co-hosts say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Sup bitches.
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm okay I'm tired I stayed up until five in the morning playing Dead by Daylight with
people.
Were you streaming the whole time?
No.
Oh no.
Raven I did I started I'll get to it in classic game, but I did my my retro stream and then
decided to go play DBD with Raven McPherson, Shayla, and Vant Bunny and and I ate whiskey
filled chocolate the entire time.
I was very stupid by the end of it that's the only thing I can say for myself.
I I we were having giggle fits at the end.
But the best games of Dead by Daylight you played this week were with me earlier this
week even though I completely got you killed in one match because I thought For the People
would work on a on a course.
And I still am sorry about my reaction I just was so flabbergasted.
I was so flabbergasted by that I'm like no don't touch me stop.
Yeah and your your mic and I was saying but your mic does this noise gate thing where
I think sometimes when you're like no no like it actually doesn't come through so I'm like
what's going on I see the icon sometimes sometimes I don't because I think I was trying
to give it to the wrong person.
So anyway, it was just it was just a comedy of errors at that point.
So I actually think that you might have used it on Gwen but that was just like, and I like
I had to step away for a moment to get myself to chill out a little.
I mean, it's fine.
I mean, in retrospect, it was pretty hilarious.
Um, but I'll get more into my Dead by Daylight shenanigans because I'm already gold one.
All right.
Well, speaking of comedy of errors also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
See, the mic's not muted.
I keep pushing the button and it's like it's like, yes, no, yes, no, yes.
I did not install the switch so you could have a microphone rave.
Anyway, pretty much it will it already blinks when you when you have it on mute.
So you know, I every week, of course, we tape our show live Sunday nights at the voice of
geeks network twitch.tv slash v o g network Sunday nights at nine o'clock Eastern six
o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
Let's be real.
We don't start till about 610 or so because we give Bob we give Bobby his space to finish
the show.
But if you watch us live, you get to see the visuals you get to see us things in our spaces
that we do the show from and Loki oftentimes will have a game playing behind him.
And tonight I noticed Loki has got is that is no B no B boy tonight, right?
There's no B no B boy.
Yeah, a little bit of a flashback.
And now I guess that game is older than I think it is a little bit of a flashback.
It's the computer when only the phone.
Yeah.
No B no B boy, of course, from the creator of Katamari Damacy in between the whole I'm
gonna go build kids playground stuff, right.
But it it the art style and the look of the game is very similar to Katamari Damacy, obviously,
in that it's it's a little wild.
But cute.
It's Yeah, it's interesting.
What a what brought no B no B boy to mind this week.
You're gonna laugh because this is it's really mundane.
Okay.
Let's put away laundry and have a no B no B boy shirt actually have multiple no B no
B boy shirts.
So I just thought I was like, Oh, yeah, hey, I can do that.
No, that's I think of the Golden Girls often for a similar reason.
So yeah, there you go.
All right.
Let's get into our kickoff topic for tonight and get into the stories tonight.
First off, I do want to acknowledge those we are taping live tonight.
What an amazing hype train going on in the chat right now.
That's incredible.
It just I just saw an alert that said we're about to break our record.
And I think with those five gift subs Mike Def just dropped, we just might have broken
our record for hype train.
I don't know how long it's been tracking those trains for.
But you know what?
That's that's here.
Maybe I don't know.
But you know what?
Thank you.
No, seriously.
That's incredibly generous of all of you.
Huge motivation to be here on Sunday nights and keep doing this for all of you.
Although honestly, I like hanging out with my friends, Matt and Jamie.
And this has been a pretty good excuse to do that for the last 21 years.
So let's get into it.
What do we do here?
We talk about what's going on in the gaming world and gaming news and all of that.
So let's get into our kickoff topic tonight, which I wish we had better news tonight.
Unfortunately, this is just probably a symptom of what's going on in the world period, right?
So let me start with actually Dark Sakura tonight with our kickoff topic tonight on
what's going on in the industry.
Shenanigans and bullshit.
Um, it's it's it's consumerism.
It's it's capitalism at work.
So the the tech industry is experiencing a crap load of layoffs.
They are at Microsoft.
They're announcing they announced Wednesday plans to cut 10,000 jobs, including 343 Industries,
the coalition, and Bethesda, League of Legends.
Sorry, Riot Games, who does League of Legends, has cut more than 40 jobs.
Microsoft, I mean, now keep in mind that Microsoft's layoffs are less than 5% of its
total workforce.
But still, I mean, this is this is pretty, that's a lot of people who are going to be
out of work.
And then Google is cutting 12,000 jobs.
Their CEO Sundar Pichai told employees that they were hired for a different economic reality
than the one we face today, end quote.
And of course, this is coming right after the shutdown of Stadia.
Fuck.
Anyway, RIP Stadia.
Unity is eliminating 284 jobs.
They're closing a sports and live entertainment department to end a project that would let
viewers watch sports matches from different angles.
There's Riot Games is laying off 46 people.
It's there.
The analysts are saying there's going to be even more that they're trying to preserve
their profitability in the face of an oncoming recession.
But I mean, would it make sense to remove people's sources of income that they could
be putting back into the economy?
Well, we can't pay these employees if we want our Sting concerts, you know, it's either
Sting or employees and I just like Sting better.
No, they want to the CEO.
I want to see the CEOs take their pay cut to retain employees.
That's what I want to see.
Do you remember when the Wii U had its flop era, which was pretty much the whole time
it was released?
Sorry.
I know some of the games are great, but let's be real, the Wii U for all intents and purposes
was a flop.
Do you remember when Miyamoto took personal responsibility and said, I am cutting my salary
this year?
Miyamoto, that was Iwata.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Sorry, horrible mistake to make.
But it was Iwata that, yes, said I'm going to cut my salary on this whole thing because
of the poor performance of the Wii U, right?
And that's why-
That was an amazing news.
That's why he's respected.
Even Emeritus.
Anyhow, sorry, I just wanted to add that.
It's absolutely disgusting that people are more worried about their own pockets than
the longevity of their company and the well-being of their employees, that they could just let
them go like that.
It's absolutely disgusting.
Yeah, it's really telling that the senior level executives don't bear the brunt in a
similar proportion when these sorts of things happen.
That's the real kind of disgusting and what ought to be frankly illegal part of this.
But what do I know?
But yeah.
But I guess let me ask this question too.
Well, actually, let me go to Loki and see if there's anything you wanted to add on this,
because I know you've been following the story too, Loki.
Well, I remember seeing some stuff where they were cutting departments dedicated to, what
was it, the mixed reality stuff and HoloLens.
So I guess that's a development we're not going to see for a while.
And then just different game teams as well, like 343 Industries, which is understandable
because Halo Infinite was kind of rocky.
Well, but then there were those weird rumors about they're not going to do Halo anymore
to which they actually came out on their actual Twitter and said,
we look forward to doing Halo for a long time.
That doesn't mean they won't partner with others or that sort of they can oversee Halo
without doing it themselves.
But any way you slice it, unfortunately, a lot of people that worked on Halo Infinite
are not employed as of this week, which stinks.
Yeah, I don't know if it's because they're trying to grow too fast or something like
that, because, I mean, Microsoft has been doing a lot of acquisitions of different companies.
I'm sure Google does the same stuff.
I don't know.
I don't understand how CEOs operate.
Some comments from chat.
Sjo and Hunter Matt says these companies knew they were going to do this months ago, but
they waited until after the holidays to do it.
Like that is supposed to hurt any less.
I mean, at least it was something.
Yeah, it could be worse.
They could do what the guy at Twitter did and do it two weeks before the holidays.
But anyway, whatever.
It's not these people who got laid off fault that these companies grew too quickly and
they didn't forecast or support the people that they rushed to hire.
That is a theme that you see a lot throughout the industry.
But again, whose fault is that at the end of the day?
It's typically leadership.
It's leadership, for sure.
This is a bummer.
So what happens now?
Luckily, one nice thing about the gaming industry is that I've noticed that the game developers
and so forth, they really look out for each other.
That's why also, your reputation is very important.
This is also why you never see game developers talking shit about each other on Twitter or
any type of social media.
You sure do see the players talking shit about them.
And that's why a lot of players don't end up getting into the industry.
All tea, all shade.
Is that because when you build out that reputation for yourself or a lot of journalists and podcasters
and yes, I completely am self attacking.
A lot of reasons people like us don't get into the industry is because our reputation
ends up getting ruined because of the stuff we say on social media and things like that.
This is a very small industry and bridges can burn quickly.
That being said, though, I don't want to focus on the negative because for the most part,
people know how to act.
And a lot of the gaming industry really does look out for each other.
And I think oftentimes when we see large gaming studio gets too large and gets bought, then
a spin off studio ends up opening up inevitably, and we'll start to hire and so forth.
So at least the gaming industry is really good about looking out for its people.
It's just very disruptive, obviously, because sometimes that means it's going to be relocation.
Although, you know, in the in this, you know, pandemic, I don't want to say post pandemics
pandemic is not over.
But it's in this people feel over it pandemic world that we're in now, you know, more people
work from home.
So do you need to necessarily be relocating?
I don't know.
I guess that depends on the company you're signing up for.
I'm gonna say something about management in general.
Yeah.
That no matter where the management starts off in the company, eventually they forget.
They become corporate.
And it's it's just something that happens.
I have seen it happen to the nicest people.
It changes who they are, because then the only thing that they are looking at is base
numbers, big picture, high level things.
And forgetting what really makes the company work is what reality is like.
I'm looking at some other comments in chat.
DJ Rama S says a lot of them got severance pay.
It's something at least to be fair, Rama.
Yes, I don't disagree.
But a lot of that's mandated retired, required to Yeah, a lot of that is mandated because
like, for example, I think in Europe, I may be wrong.
And if I'm talking out of my ass, I apologize.
I believe in Europe, it's you have to give 90 days notice that you're going to terminate
somebody's position for a company of a certain size.
The way companies get around that they pay 90 days of severance, because that way they're
basically able to say, Oh, we're laying you off today.
But it's effective as this this date.
And that's what you're getting paid for.
So severance is how they kind of get around some of those laws sometimes.
I realize some companies go above and beyond.
And that is awesome.
But I, I don't want to give the executives too much credit.
It's where I'm going.
No, I know I hear legally severance begins after the last date worked.
So, um, so something like that wouldn't fly.
It's like when you are no longer considered an employee of the company.
That's when you start getting your severance payout.
Yeah.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says they've gotten really good at looking after each other talking
about the folks in the industry, because this happens so often.
They have lots of practice.
We have a saying at my company that the best way to ruin a great developer is to make the
management.
Questbuster says corporations take advantage of feast or famine cycles with ruthless abandon.
Expect them to gorge when things are on fire and watch them amputate what they don't need
to stop the bleeding.
But the weird the weird thing I mean, I don't disagree with what you're saying Questbuster,
but the weird thought that it leads me to is that here, I swear we were just sitting
here two weeks ago.
I mean, I can't believe we're at the end of January.
But I, I feel like we were just sitting here doing our predictions two weeks ago.
And we were looking at, wow, what a big wow, my my my my inner Jennifer Coolidge just came
out.
Wow.
2023 is going to be a year for the games.
But I mean, really, it's it's there's so many big things coming out this year, right?
There's there's Zelda, right?
There's Final Fantasy 16.
There's a PSVR two, if that's what you're into.
There's potentially maybe a switch rebrand or something.
And you never know what else the switch is going to be into.
Like, when we're looking at what is slated to come out this year, and yes, I understand.
Things get pushed back on the calendar all the time.
Yes, yes, yes.
But overall, looking at 2023 as a year, it looks like it's going to be a big fucking
year.
Now, I because I already know some of you are thinking it perhaps, okay, those games
are all about to go gold.
So we're going to lay off this test team.
But I also feel like so many of those games like, I'm sorry, Final Fantasy 16, that's
Final Fantasy 16, not having DLC, especially looking after at looking at 15.
Yeah, right.
Zelda not having deals.
Like I feel like games are playing the long game.
At this point, you need teams to be around a while.
So it's just but then again, Square and Nintendo, the games I keep referencing are not two of
the companies that we're talking about right now in regards to layoffs.
So I mean, maybe I'm just applying the wrong things to the situation.
But I still feel like it's a decent year ahead for Microsoft and Game Pass and all
of that.
It's just a little weird to me.
I don't know.
Let's see.
Looking in chat at some other comments.
Darted Studio says hell yeah, Zelda clearing off my calendar for that one.
Let's see.
Zen Monkey 11 says that was a great Jennifer Coolidge impression.
Thank you.
You know what?
What?
I was thinking Charlie the Unicorn.
Oh, Candy Mountain, Charlie.
These gays.
They're trying to murder me.
Now I want to see her.
It's a magical Leopleradon.
Now I want to see her as a Twitch streaming playing games.
Actually, Zen Monkey 11 on a completely unrelated note.
I love Jennifer Coolidge.
And I look anybody like I think any person I was about to say any gay person, any person
period with taste is happy to see all the love that she's getting.
Thanks to things like White Lotus and things that should have been happening when she was
Stifler's mom like a long time ago.
Right.
And legally blonde and all that when she was playing all the hairdress rules.
My point with Jennifer Coolidge.
She just started a TikTok.
So she's inching closer to the streaming thing, but she has an official TikTok now.
So anyway, let's see.
Evil Protagonist says, hopefully Google started with the team that made Stadia.
Here's the thing, Evil Protagonist.
It's not the fault of many others.
Actually, those people made a good product.
They did.
It's Phil Harris.
Phil Harrison's the one that needs to get laid off because his messaging sucked, you
know, and, you know, I just I don't know.
Like I don't want to take it out on the teams who oftentimes were just doing what they were
told and oftentimes actually have a really good idea.
And it's just poorly fucking supported in marketing.
Food for thought.
Let's see.
Other comments in chat.
Bobby Blackwolf says, but I'm glad that everyone is going to be celebrating the anniversary
of my 29th birthday this year.
I mean, they'll say they're crying for a kingdom.
This is a play on the Zelda game, but I know it's really for my anniversary.
SSJ100Matt says, speaking of White Lotus, I got to see Aubrey Plaza's SNL performance
last night.
I heard it was good.
I don't know if Shad Leland's still in chat, but he could tell you all about it and we're
derailing, but I don't care.
So you could watch like all of Saturday Night Live before it even airs on the West Coast
because they put it all on YouTube.
So before it even aired here, I was looking up the Megan 2.0 sketch they did last night
and that was really funny.
Like, it could have been funnier, but some of the jokes that they did, like, they were
they she didn't yet.
Don't spoil it.
Okay, no, I bet they say stop singing this song and play something, play something the
gays can get into or something like that.
And they start playing the theme from White Lotus.
That was the part that made me laugh the loudest because the theme from White Lotus is so,
like, specific.
It's like a very specific kind of meme.
So and just playing that it's like this is a song the gays get into is absolutely true.
So I just thought that was a very smart joke.
Anyway, Tiger Claw says they already announced a sequel to Megan.
Yes, they did.
They absolutely did.
Speaking, let's derail the train further because I've got to give a shout out to this.
So Megan drag acts are all the rage right now.
One of my friends is a drag performer and they did a Megan drag act last night, but
they I got to play a victim in their act.
And so, yeah, I got to have my ear removed as part of the act.
So there was there was fake.
My ear was like covered in fake blood when it was all done and all this stuff.
It was.
So I was like, and we were even joking as they were telling me before the show, they
were like, Megan acts.
There's so many on YouTube right now.
And I said, red, red, because drag queen is red for filth, which if look up red for
filth, they're great name.
Yeah, red.
I told her I said, Red, you're the only one that's going to have an act with a real
live victim.
And they were like, Oh, good point.
So I said, you're up in the ante with your act.
So but it was a lot of fun.
And yes, since I wasn't hosting the show last night, because, you know, I got to share
sometimes there's lots of talented hosts in the area.
I got to participate in the act.
So anyway, just wanted to shout that out there randomly as we're talking about layoffs.
Sorry.
Sorry for the bad news about layoffs, but we could talk about drag queens can always
make you feel better.
Right.
All right.
Let's see other comments in chat.
Yeah.
As Joan Hunter Matt says, can't derail if the train was never on the rails to begin
with.
Yeah, that's that's very true.
Train.
That's very true.
All right.
We just have a boat that's kind of trying not to capsize.
Well, in all seriousness, you know, if you were somebody that was affected by the layoffs,
I'm very sorry to hear it.
And, you know, refer back to what I said earlier, the industry is very good at taking care of
its own.
So, you know, don't be afraid to ask for help.
If you are a social media user, you know, I'm not usually one to sit here to talk good
about Twitter.
But I completely understand people are there.
Doing a shout out on a platform like that might help you find something.
I personally have had a lot of luck over the years of LinkedIn.
I'm not in the gaming industry.
I'm in a different industry, but LinkedIn has been great for networking, connecting,
and finding positions.
And, heck, Mastodon, a lot of people have been moving over there.
A lot of good stuff there, too.
And plenty more.
So, you know, use that social networking.
Yeah, use that social networking.
And just don't be afraid to say, hey, this news sucks.
Can anyone help me?
Because you never know who is out there that might have a good lead for you.
So, all right.
Let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of games that we have been playing
this week.
So, Dark Soccer, I know we got into it a little bit ago, but would you like to tell us more
about your gaming week?
I, of course, have been playing a lot of Dead by Daylight because it's my jam.
And, of course, I finished Final Fantasy V, and so I started Star Ocean last night.
And mind you, I have never played any of the Star Ocean games.
I knew I would be starting it from scratch pretty much.
And so far, oh, my God, why did this game not come out over here?
It's beautiful.
Like, it's the type of pretty level that Sake and Densetsu 2 and 3 were.
You know, just really well animated, and it has digitized voice acting.
Like, the whole beginning of the game is voice acted.
It's so good.
And the music is so good.
Super Metroid did it first.
Super Metroid had hardly any spoken text in comparison to this game.
The last Metroid was in captivity.
Which is the limit of the voice in that.
This has, like, whole bridge conversations.
Tell me, though, that you were floored as a young adult hearing that Super Metroid
voiceover for the first time.
Like, it's talking.
It's talking.
Anyway, yes.
Well, I'm also going to say Kirby's Avalanche.
Which said even less, Kirby's Avalanche.
And all the characters said things like, yeah, ta.
And how could I forget?
Pikachu!
Pikachu!
At any rate.
But I'm absolutely in love with it.
It's such a good game.
It's such a good game so far.
It's like sci-fi fantasy JRPG gold.
Platinum, even.
I really enjoy it.
So also, of course, I've been playing Marvel's Midnight Suns.
I freaking love, love, love, love, love that game.
It's so good.
And what else is I playing?
I might be playing a little bit of Cult of the Lambs soon just because I kind of miss
running around and I love the music in that game.
And I need to make sure that my cultists don't forget who to worship.
But yeah, that's been the thing.
And I know what I like.
All right.
Well, speaking of players that I think know the games that they like,
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Well, it's all Minecraft.
It was just working on designing terraforming for an area that I started a few episodes ago.
So with like the creeper man stuff.
And so now I finished the terraforming.
But it took forever to design it because I did a bunch of custom trees.
And so those take time, especially since I'm not copying and pasting them.
I made like 30 plus trees.
I don't know.
They're big.
So yeah, it's been that.
And then today I've been trying to get I was trying to design stuff for my modded single
player or well, I say single player.
That was a slip.
No, it's multiplayer, but no one plays on the server anymore.
So it my multiplayer series or modded series.
But you know me, I can't stop adding mods to it.
And so I got we finally hit that point where maybe there's too much too many mods added
to the game is having stability problems.
So I'm trying to balance that a little bit.
I think I had one mod that was conflicting with another one.
And I think I found replacements for it.
But then I'm also adding something or want to add something that adds buildable airships.
That might be too much with all the physical, the physics calculations.
I know my frame rate was starting to get a bit low with I like having the shaders on.
The shaders look so good, but yeah, it cuts the frame rate in half, especially when you
have like, you know, mods that are doing physics calculations on a bunch of different blocks
and stuff.
It's it's not we may have to turn the shaders off eventually, and that's so hard for me.
No, but I'm playing around with it right now.
So yeah, I'm working on that.
And then hopefully going to I think I may work on the actual building because I designed
everything on our creative server because we have a creative server that we can just
fly around and do whatever.
And then we just copy stuff to a schematic and then bring it over to the survival server,
which then I have to build it all by hand again.
So I have to do that now.
I've been collecting resources for that.
And they had a lot of leaves, so that took a few days.
And then last year, yesterday, I was just mining the ton.
So I ended up filling up a lot of my storage room with supplies for future projects and
stuff.
So yeah, it looks really, really good, though.
It looks really good because I have these trees that are kind of like they look like
big redwood trees almost.
I guess they're big spruce trees, but they're also because if you play Mega Man or anything
like that, or at least seen screenshots of it, you know, like in all the backgrounds
and stuff that kind of like nature things, but it's also like artificial nature things.
So you see like kind of panels ripped off the trees where you have metal exposed and
stuff like that.
So I'm building stuff like that.
It looks really cool.
So I really like the way it came out.
So it'll be hopefully pretty soon.
We'll have an episode out for that.
Okay, cool.
Let's see my gaming week.
So honestly, it's a lot of the stuff I talk about often.
Final Fantasy XIV, my island sanctuary is now rank 11, which means I have access to
the new seeds they added in the recent patch, which I believe is paprika and leeks.
So I'm now growing leeks in my garden.
I'm growing a ton of both of those to kind of get caught up, but I should be ranked 12
next week.
And that means I get access to the new alligator mount and the ever important speedo cosplay
for my character.
Very important to get that.
Dyable, by the way.
So any color that you possibly imagine.
And because glamour, of course, is the end game, true end game of Final Fantasy.
So working on that, still playing a little bit of World of Warcraft, but I actually canceled
my account because I'm like, okay, I think I've done everything I'm going to do in my
little revisiting.
If I suddenly start picking up and doing more mythic dungeons in the next week or something
to keep me engaged, then maybe I'll suck her up and buy another month.
But otherwise I was like, you know what?
I'm going to just cancel it just so I don't accidentally auto renew.
So we'll see how that goes.
Still been playing like cell phone games, you know, between Ingress and Pokemon Go.
There was a classic event for Larvitar Community Day yesterday.
So I did that for a little bit.
Pikmin also, I walked 12,000 steps yesterday because Pikmin had a community day to walk
10,000 steps.
So walked a lot, a lot yesterday, but it was good as daffodil day.
So growing lots of daffodils was the plant they introduced in that game recently.
Also, if you follow the Niantic products, word on the street is, I don't know if this
will actually happen or not, but word on the street is that NBA All World is going to launch
on Tuesday in all regions.
So it's being tested.
It's being tested right now in like France and Canada and like other other regions, very
limited select areas.
Yeah, I'm curious.
Like, look, I may not be a sports person, but number one, sports, when sports video
games are done well, I'll eat it up.
And case in point, if you want to talk NBA, how about NBA Jam?
Probably one of the greatest fucking sports games of all time.
Even people like me who are like, I don't really play sports games.
It's like, oh, but NBA Jam is really cool.
So what is the game?
Like, what is the game?
I actually get players.
I've been trying to follow the campfire community with the screenshot system.
I don't know.
I can't tell because all the screenshots are in French.
So I think it looks like you kind of pick up players, you recruit players for a team,
and then you like maybe control courts.
You do like, because I've heard of things like three point shootouts and one on one
games that you play on the court.
But again, don't quote me on any of this because honestly, I don't fucking know.
And until I play the game for myself, I don't know.
I'll try it because I have fucking played every Niantic game and pretty much any AR
game that has come out, I will try it.
And I'll let you all know if it's worth crossing over if you don't usually play sports
games.
But I'm certainly curious.
So I hope they make the release this week.
I mean, don't hold them to it because that release date was in their campfire community
like before the end of the year.
They said they're going to launch globally on January 24th, which is Tuesday.
So we'll see if they do it or not.
So we'll see.
Philan9 says Rob is broing out right now.
I guess I didn't realize that I was actually talking to a friend about the NBA, another
friend that also plays Ingress and Pokemon is into all the games I am.
And I was like, if we get to be our own teams, I don't want to be the Kings.
Absolutely not.
Because living in Sacramento, everybody's going to be the Kings, or they're going to
be the Lakers because we have a lot of Laker fans here who love to, you know, but apparently
I didn't realize the Kings apparently are actually doing very well right now.
Relatively.
They're like third in the league right now.
I was like, what?
When did the Kings get a good team?
That's okay.
Weird timeline we're in now.
I know what's going on.
So I'm like, who's the last place team?
That's the team I'm going to pick.
So it looks like unless otherwise convinced I'll be the Detroit Pistons.
It sounds like so.
But I don't know yet.
Because honest to God, I was like, well, I'll do a city I like.
I said, I can be the Seattle SuperSonics, right?
And somebody straight had to sit me down and go, Rob, Seattle hasn't had a team since 2008.
This is your reality.
Oh, I'm like, wait, what?
Actually, Seattle tried to steal the Sacramento Kings.
I don't know if you're aware.
What?
Lots of people have.
So.
Anyway, I thought they were going to be the Vegas Kings for a while there.
Well, Vegas got their got our our football team instead.
But is that a blessing or a curse?
It depends who you ask.
All right.
Let's see, Mike Deaf says, I'm still waiting for him to get to level 50 in Pogo.
And SJ 100 Matt says, Rob's got to get his max level on every Niantic product.
Well, to be fair, you know who she who shall not be named made me stop playing that Harry
Potter wizards unite before they shut it down.
So I never did get max level on that.
I got to 30.
But that was about as far as I could get before I was like, I.
I can't.
It was that simple.
But I've I've been max level in Ingress.
I'll probably get max level in Pikmin eventually.
It's just walking.
I'll get there.
Pokemon is the tough thing is those level up gates.
I'm just too unmotivated to fight 50 Team Rocket leaders because you have to do things
that are very hard to multitask in those games.
Meaning I can't play like Ingress and Pikmin and because I've got to sit there and go,
here's a Team Rocket, stop, fight, fight, fight, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap.
Okay, here's the leader.
Stop, spit, tap, tap, tap, bite, bite, bite.
It's like I can't be bothered to do the level up quest.
That's my problem.
I'll get there eventually.
All right.
One other game I played this week and then I'll be done.
I promise the other game I played this week blast from the past.
Ikaruga I played because apparently it is free.
I don't know if it's still free right this moment, but in this morning it was free on
the Xbox Argentina store and specifically you have to be in the Argentina marketplace.
I don't know why.
I don't know if it's some sort of holiday or something.
Pardon me.
What is unique about Xbox Argentina?
But you can get it free in that store right now, or at least maybe somebody in chat will
fact check me live here.
I put the link on my Mastodon if somebody wants to check if it's still there.
But it was free.
It's not free on the US store.
It's like $3.29 or some price still right now.
But yeah, I grabbed that and I checked it out because even though it was an Xbox 360,
which obviously was a re-release of something for the Dreamcast, you can play it on series
SNX because it's one of the backwards compatible titles.
So looks great.
All right.
Mike Def says it's normally free there for some reason, like every month it goes free
on Xbox Argentina.
Interesting.
Well, today was the day that it caught my attention and I went and I was like, oh, sure
enough.
Even though I have a US account, I can click on that, redeem it.
And here I am.
I'm playing it on my Xbox.
So that was fun.
Cool.
Yep.
It's a hard fucking game too, by the way.
I mean, I know we all know that, but just to reiterate, Ikaruga, it's a hard fucking
game.
All right.
It is.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, you can get radiant silver gun for Switch.
Oh, yeah, that's true.
I haven't gotten anything on Switch in a while.
Not since Pokemon Scarlet and Violet, which I still need to go back and beat.
I kind of let that wagon derail, but I keep hearing they're going to do patches.
So I'm like, maybe I'll just wait for the home patch at this point, which will probably
patch in a lot of performance stuff too.
Even though I wasn't super bothered by it.
I don't know.
There's something I'm like, if I know I'm not playing the game in its final form, I
get really weird about it.
I don't know.
All right.
Let's get into some other headlines and what's going on in the gaming world, including some
more bad news.
But I don't know.
This one I think we all saw coming.
Unexpected.
It's because it's Square Enix and Square Enix has.
A pattern of behavior when it comes to live service games, they like to cancel them after
not much support.
And so, you know, now I guess this is an Embracer group that owns it, but you know, I'm still
seeing this tainted by Square Enix, though.
So Marvel Avengers is ending all official support, and that's going to be in September.
So you still got some time.
You can still play some more of it, but they're going to be basically that update 2.8, which
comes out at the end of March 23rd, is going to be the end of the content and feature rollout.
And they're also saying that on September 30th, all official support will end and the
single player and multiplayer will still be available as well as some of the facets of
the game.
But there are going to be other parts that are shut down.
Credits will not be purchasable.
And I think the cosmetics are going to be made free.
And in case you're wondering for all of those out there that may not own a Sony copy of
this game, you're like, Hey, cool.
Do I get Spider-Man now?
No, you don't get Spider-Man.
Sorry.
Sony has Spider-Man.
They're never going to let you have Spider-Man.
That's it.
I wonder if it'll stay on Game Pass, even though they're getting rid of the because
you can't even buy a new digital copyright.
So I'm assuming that means it'll leave Game Pass, too, which is going to be interesting.
So, yeah, I don't know.
I mean, look, I'm not wishful thinking about Spider-Man.
I understand that's a Sony thing, but I like that I can play it on Game Pass without Spider-Man.
But I didn't play it a lot.
And so maybe I'm part of the problem.
I don't know.
Well, no, I think part of the problem is the fact that the game looked like it was a live
service game that shoehorned into a single player game.
Like, I think this was developed originally as like a single player game.
And they're like, we want more money.
And so they like shoved this like, really grindy end game into it.
And people just didn't like they used a beloved license to try to create a money machine.
And the whole thing was very transparent.
And everyone saw right through it.
That is the story of Marvel Avengers in a sentence.
And it was also, I think, rough around the edges, too, when it came out, if I remember correctly.
So once again, you know, rush this stuff to market so we can make as much money as possible.
And yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, look, I'll give them this.
I'll give them this.
At least it wasn't EA running the game because the game would have been shut down a year
and a half ago if it was EA running it.
So I'll give them this.
They really tried.
They really tried to make it happen.
I think if they didn't sell to the Embracer group,
if this game wasn't sold as part of that, I think it would have been shut down earlier.
I mean, look at like what Square Enix has shut down recently.
They had that Final Fantasy 7 game that it was like
The fact that you don't even know what the fuck it is, is very telling.
I know because it's a Final Fantasy 7 game, which means it has a complicated subtitle to it.
So it's like, I want to say all the breaks.
I don't even know if it's all the bravest or something like that.
But it was one of the ones that's like.
Oh, Mike Deft with a great point.
I'm still freaking bitter.
What happened to Chocobo GP?
That's a very good point.
Yeah, that too.
That too.
Yeah.
So it's just it's a pattern behavior from them.
Just don't buy into any of their live service games.
Like actually any company really wish the companies out there would like start treating
live service like loot boxes, like in the sense that it's like a bad word and just,
you know, people don't want it type of thing.
I don't know.
It's just it's annoying.
Fifth Dream in chat says, what's that prequel Final Fantasy game that's a souls like or
something that went nowhere?
I think you're referring to Strangers of Paradise.
Is that the one where the fuck chaos?
Is it that one that you're thinking of?
There's actually DLC coming out real soon for that, because I've been really tempted
to buy it.
But like, it won't go on sale enough.
I should have bought it on the stinkin epic store with the 25% off coupon that probably
is the best deal I was going to find for a while, but I forgot or I didn't do it.
Like I'm waiting for that game to really get a deep discount before I pick that up.
But I'm odd.
I thought the demo for Strangers of Paradise was special.
So it was a unique experience.
So I would try it again for sure.
So let's see.
DGRMS says, I'm waiting until that game drops to $20.
Yeah, that's kind of where I'm at as well, for sure.
So anyway.
Yep.
It's a bummer about what happened with the Marvel Avengers game.
But again, when you are that obviously transparent about trying to milk everyone for every dollar
in their wallets and every possible mini transaction you can in the game, this is what's going
to happen.
At least, you know, the fact they're unlocking all the cosmetics and stuff, I guess is cool.
But it's one of those might as well because they've made every dollar they're going to
make off that game.
Might as well show the fans who stuck with you some love, right?
All right.
Well, one game that's done very well for itself over the years is The Witcher 3.
I mean, hell, it lended itself to a television show, which yes, I know it's really about
the books.
But let's be real, the show wouldn't exist if it wasn't for the games.
So The Witcher 3 and, you know, this game's come out several times and it's getting another
basically re-release because there's a next gen patch on the way.
The next gen patch for the PC is in final stages, as they say, whereas the console version
is actually going to be headed to retail and it's coming out on the 26th.
So The Witcher 3, and I almost said The Witcher 5 because I'm thinking PlayStation 5, but
The Witcher 3 next gen will be coming out for the PlayStation 5 and the Xbox series
on January 26.
This is the complete edition.
This means all of the previous DLC is there and all the quality of life improvements and
all of that good stuff as well.
This does not mean the PC update is coming on the 26th.
The next gen patch is just at the final stages and they're saying it shouldn't be long before
it's out.
So whether that means one month, three months, we really don't know.
We're just at the mercy of them.
Bug testing, which, hey, you know what?
Don't release it half bait.
Get it right.
So I'm sure they've got it.
You know, if it is next gen, they got to make sure it still has decent performance and all
that stuff too.
But yeah, admittedly, I didn't play enough Witcher 3, but a next gen update will definitely
get me to take another look, especially, you know, I'm running kind of a nice rig on PC
now.
So whenever they get that PC version out, I'd love to play it.
I really would.
So I'll keep an eye on that.
All right, moving on.
Dark Sakura.
So I alluded to this before when we were talking about the layoffs and whatnot and community
support.
The Game Developers Conference released its annual video games industry report.
We have various statistics, but one of the ones on there is the illustrated the rise
of player driven harassment against game developers.
They said they were very confused about the toxicity of player bases, with 75% of developers
noting it was a very serious industry issue.
40% of developers claimed that they had faced direct harassment or as part of a team.
A portion of these respondents identified as members of the LGBTQIA plus or non male.
Or non male communities and different developers have come for different tactics, including
banning deplatforming the cruelest of them, which honestly I'm for.
Boundaries do very much need to be set.
But yeah, that's sort of like they're one of the quotes is ban, isolate and deplatform.
You know, others have also said, though, that studios need to have and this is a quote,
easily accessible hotlines for developers that are facing harassment to set proper
boundaries and stop inviting the community to be part of the family.
One developer was even saying that they had some death threats to their family.
None of that is acceptable people.
None of that.
But the biggest thing is at the core of what they want is unionization.
53% of the developers believe that they should unionize for protected rights.
Only 13% of the respondents disagreed.
And they're really just looking at overall protecting themselves, protecting their
their livelihoods and protecting their their safety, their mental health, too.
So and I'm going to say this right now.
Be critical of what you love.
It's the only way something can get better at the same time.
Don't be a little shit about it.
OK, that's unforgivable, right?
These are people doing their their jobs at the direction of other people.
And I mean, it's not like they're they're going around and, you know, like stabbing
people in the face or something.
No, if they were doing that.
Yeah, fuck drag them.
You know, if they were doing things that were causing harm to other people.
Yeah, drag them.
But they're making a game.
And just because you don't like the game or something about the game, it doesn't mean
that you can go out there and threaten someone's life or be that terrible to them about it.
It's just you just can't.
Same goes with like streamers.
Don't go attacking them because they don't play the game the way that you like them to
play it or or whatever, you know, or reality television stars on things like RuPaul's Drag
Race.
Just seeing all the hate people get on social media from that, too, is just unreal.
It's if you can't say something nice, don't say anything at all.
And if you can't be constructively and tactfully critical.
Keep it to yourself.
You there's paper.
These things exist called journals.
You can write it down there.
There is a void that you can shout into.
You can go to a forest where no one else is around and see if anyone can hear you if you,
you know, yell into it.
It's there's there's plenty of things you could do.
You could you could go find some dirt and bury your head in it.
Play Ostrich.
Exactly.
Exactly.
On a serious note, though, I one of those elements that you kind of said there about
kind of creating a support system for this.
I mean, it's sad that that we're at the point that we need one.
But recognizing that, yes, we need one.
I do kind of love the concept of perhaps a an employer's employee assistance program.
Many big employers, hell, even small and medium sized employers, many employers, probably
yours, offer some type of EAP or employee assistance program, which is usually a type
of mental health benefit because, you know, happy workers lead to productive workers.
Right.
And so forth.
But all of those semantics aside, I'm I would I would be surprised if these companies couldn't,
you know, put some of this wellness of how to deal with harassment into their employee
assistance programs.
So let's say help.
I'm being harassed on social media and like they're coming after my family.
What can I do?
Maybe there can be like a crisis support through some of these employee assistance, you know,
at their EA, at their Square Enix, wherever it is they work that can help them in getting
through that.
And, you know, support group, other people.
Here's what you can do to lock down your social media.
Here's, you know, what you should and shouldn't read.
And, you know, those those types of things to help them through it.
I would really like to call on I mean, I know nobody's fucking listening, but like you
all are.
But I mean, nobody influential in the industry is Bobby Kotick's not fucking listening.
Okay.
But I would throw out a challenge to the industry to, you know, and if it's not already in,
maybe some companies, I bet a lot of them do have something like this in their EAP.
But I would really like to call out to the gaming industry for their employee assistance
program.
A, if they don't have one, fucking get one.
B, embed within that program this type of support system because unfortunately, in the
year 20 and 23, it is needed.
That is it.
Ooh, this is the clapping emoji in chat.
So you know, this is serious for Mike Deft.
The same goes for localization teams.
Localization is not censorship.
Ooh, a thousand percent that, Mike Deft.
A hundred thousand percent that for sure.
Funara with a comment here, very important.
The problems you face in the game are not necessarily their fault.
And with all the layoffs and labor shortages, they may not have had the time or funds to
test any issues.
Yes.
Or I mean, hell, they probably did.
I mean, classic example, playing Skyrim.
Doesn't Bethesda fucking test these games?
Yeah, they do.
And honestly, that bug was probably found and it was reported.
And you know what?
It was determined that bug doesn't break the game.
The bug is not a, what do they call that?
A stage, a stage ender, a deal.
I don't remember what they call that in the industry, but it's something about, it's not
a, it doesn't cut off the game.
It doesn't end the game.
It's not a crisis basically thing.
So we're keeping it in to meet our deadline and we'll patch it up later.
That's not the testing team's fault, for sure.
Showstopper.
Thank you, Bobby.
That's what I was looking for.
Showstopper.
Sjo and Hunter Matt says, don't be upset or surprised when companies are reluctant to
show early footage of their game because they don't want to draw the ire of the internet
scum Lords.
Funara says, it's like trying to attack the people in a grocery store for supply shortages
or prices of industry-wide things like eggs.
Oh yeah.
Or God, when it was fucking toilet paper, like the people, you know, yelling at people
at Costco, like, like, like it's not their problem too.
It's not their fault.
It's not their, like those Costco employees are also probably trying to find toilet paper
or whatever it is.
They want the thing and they want you to know that they're selfish and want the thing.
I see this every day, even outside of just treating employees bad, just like with people
just choosing which laws that they want to follow, especially traffic laws.
The amount of people that run red lights near me, near a school is ridiculous.
And on top of that, other people aren't calling them out, you know, like, oh, I don't want
to get involved with that.
That doesn't involve me.
It does fucking involve me.
That doesn't involve me.
It does fucking involve you.
You know, you, as, as a society, we sort of, we do have a responsibility to each other
to make sure that the society that we're in functions properly.
And I will not hesitate to tell someone they're being a little shit to the employee who can't
do anything about it.
And I've done it in the middle of die.
So I have yelled at someone for not wearing their mask because the employee couldn't do
it.
I was like, do you not see that other people here have their masks on?
Get out, put your mask on, and then you can come back in.
I don't have to be nice to you because I'm not an employee.
And I'm sure they walked right out of the store and said, what a bitch, you know, but
it's like, oh, I don't care.
Yeah, exactly.
Good.
I'm also your worst nightmare.
Why don't you use that term too?
I, I, well, I mean, you know, I used to do it at, um, at golf land back in the day when
people were being assholes.
I have no problem with speaking up.
And if I see someone is being, you know, is harassing someone for their, their race or
their gender, you damn well better believe I'm going to say something.
And that's why this shit happens in the world because no one else stands up and says that's
enough.
That's, that's being an ally in those sorts of, it is up to
non LGBTQ plus people to say to their non LGBTQ plus people, friends, when a joke is, or the
FAG word is used or whatever it is, you know, or, or, uh, pronouns or somebody's, somebody
is saying it as a pronoun or one of those types of dirty things is happening.
It's up to those people to say, Hey, that's not funny.
That's not cool.
Don't do that.
Like what, why, why are you doing that?
On top of that?
I mean, I, I am, you know, I have to deal with people who are going, Oh, that's not
really an orientation.
It's like, yeah, it is.
Or having doctors try to prescribe me hormones because they think that being ace is a hormonal
disease, which is not, I check out fine, you know, or having, you know, people, you know,
what, after I converted saying, Oh, now you're a candidate for a gas chamber.
Oh, disgusting.
It's really disgusting, especially after, you know, you know, what ascended for the
four years and, and, and I'm just saying, you know, that it's, it's like, you know,
the things, and then they came for me.
Don't wait for them to come for you.
Don't let them come for anybody.
To try to lighten the mood a little bit.
Let me read this chat comment here because it's totally true.
Sj 100.
Matt says as an aside, don't pick a fight at a waffle house.
The employees will mess you up.
Fuck around and find out.
Yeah, that is true.
As a connoisseur of many a waffle house acts.
I do.
I do.
I completely understand.
We're never getting waffle house in California.
I also understand for those that live in California, waffle house gets severely overrated.
Like it's like the rest of you in and out to be quite frankly.
But it's, it's one of those issues.
I do wish we had waffle house in California.
Cause I'm going to tell you Denny's is not it.
Period.
Denny's is not it.
There's only one place I have eaten at that the food tastes just like it does a waffle house.
And that's that Ed's place in San Francisco over on Fillmore.
It's been open since 1972.
And they're probably just trying to emulate the waffle house strategy to be fair.
Honestly, I think I have a theory that it was open by somebody who had waffle,
who went to waffle houses.
Like I like this.
I'm going to make this.
And of course we all know about the waffle house index.
I mean, even the house is closed run.
Even though the food is pretty shit.
Like I'm just, you know, it's, it's, it's comfort food.
I understand, but it's pretty shit.
Comfort.
Look, Taco Bell food is shit too, but it's comfort food.
Okay.
So Taco Bell food is actual shit.
I don't care.
No, that's still taco all the way.
I will say, yeah.
Why would you ever go to Taco Bell when there's a Del Taco there on the same street?
Why?
I like what fifth stream says.
It's it's like a bar Wolverine would hang out in, but with hash browns.
I forgot.
I forgot what I was going to say about waffle house now.
The food is shit, but it's comforting.
And yes, it's exactly, it's comfortable.
It's in a comforting environment.
You, you know what you're going to fucking get at three in the morning at waffle house.
You know, the coffee is going to be hot.
They'll always put on a fresh pot for you.
You can get those hash brown covered smothered chunked, diced.
There's this and always order your waffle.
Well done.
There's this, there's a certain cadence to the, I mean, it's literally all in front of
you.
You can watch them make the fucking food from start to finish.
Not a lot of chains to do the food.
There's not a lot of chains to do that.
Throw a chair at a waffle house employee and they will parry it like Daigo.
True.
All right.
Anyway, let's see what else is there.
Bobby Black Wolf says a bag of waffle house grits in my pantry and I'm about to make them.
Bobby Black Wolf says we're soon getting in and outs in Tennessee in a few years.
So soon we won't care about it anymore.
It's like that fucking raising canes just opened up on every block here.
And at first it was like, wow, we're finally getting raising canes.
Literally, it's like three months later and it's like, okay, everybody stopped caring.
Well, they also have now came out here.
What, Loki?
I was going to say they also have now like, um, all the hot chicken, Nashville hot chicken
places before it used to be like, hey, ooh, national, uh, national proper.
Heck yeah.
I like I'm craving that.
And it's like, oh, hey, there's a restaurant, national tender.
I'll try that out.
Nashville, uh, nations, nations, like a Nashville hot.
Oh, got it.
Okay.
Okay.
It's, it's like fried chicken with like, they put it like way too much spice on it to where
it's like you just in torture.
I love it though.
It's great.
And he's, you know, serve it on a piece of, uh, white bread and pickles and stuff.
You know, it's good stuff.
Chicken stress.
But, um, they have like now Dave's hot chicken.
There's like all like so many hot chicken places now.
And they're not all of them are great.
Oh, I want crystals so I can eat my corn pups in peace.
Here's what you should all be jealous of on the East coast that you don't have that we
have.
It's a newer thing.
And I'm telling you, this place is addicting AF and I'm sure my co-hosts are going to roll
their eyes.
I don't care.
I think the thing y'all are missing is Dutch brothers.
That my eyes are rolling so far that I'm going to fall out of my chair.
Like I love me too.
It's it's and yeah, I say that as I'm not drinking Dutch brothers on stream, but it's
because because the drive-throughs are always a fucking you think in and out drive-through
lines are long.
Go to a fucking Dutch brothers.
Jesus.
Dutch brothers are to the coffee world.
What Apple is to the technology world.
You'll have people that just.
I'm like why the people that purchase their products?
Hold on.
Let me describe what you're saying on my iPhone.
Yes.
What were you saying?
What I'm saying is overrated.
My iPhone is a webcam.
They insist they insist on placing their plopping down their stupid businesses.
I say plop because it's shit.
They plop it down in like the most inconvenient places ever because it's the size of like
one of those photos.
This is probably predating a lot of people.
Sorry.
You kids know what a photo booth is?
Yeah.
Do you know what a photo booth is?
A photo mat?
Yeah.
Where you know they can drive through photo mat.
Those photo booths now will post to your Facebook automatically.
That's the new thing they all do.
Okay.
Well, this is a drive-through photo mat like back when we had film cameras.
Okay.
And so they're like that size.
Like the small checkers.
Think of think of like the size of your utility shed in the backyard or something like that.
They converted that into a coffee place and decided to park it in the middle of a parking
lot.
And so there's no adequate...
They have drive-through lines going two different directions sometimes or it's just weaving
through everywhere and blocking everything because they're ill-prepared to serve the
amount of customers that they have because they don't have a storefront because I guess
that costs too much or it's not like cool enough.
And then the worst part about it, and don't get me wrong, like I'm sure their coffee is
good and I have no problem with the coffee.
What I have a problem with is the people that go there and then decide, hey, you know what
we're going to do?
I'm going to put a crap ton of your products, advertising, bumper stickers all over the
fuck my van and my car.
I see that shit fucking everywhere and it's really annoying.
Too expensive for me to put stickers all over it.
Okay.
I'll say what they did to tie it back to video games.
They've stolen the Xbox achievement system for their app.
And I know like Alan actually is like, oh, if I go today, I can get like a heart sticker
for my eyes.
It's not even a real sticker, but apparently if you go on the first of the month, they
do give you a real sticker.
So that's a thing.
Anyway.
Oh my gosh.
Okay.
So they're the kindergarten class of like coffee places.
Low-key, they're so good.
Say this as I have an actual sticker book.
And you can get non-coffee drinks there too.
And they're not even paying me to say this, but they should pay me in coffee.
Jesus.
But you can get like energy drinks and non-coffee things there too.
Yeah.
I know that they have stuff.
I've gone there and gotten a coffee before, but like I will never do it again.
Torani Syrup Bar.
That's all that place is.
But anyway, just a couple of comments in chat here on the food, and then I'm going to move
on.
Number one, Pod Culture in chat says White Castle greater than Crystal's?
Crystal's.
I almost said Crystalis.
I would love a White Castle.
I've never actually had like IRL White Castle other than like the microwave stuff.
White Castle is the most disgusting fucking fast food I've ever had in my life.
That is the most, like you could not have a more wrong opinion.
Sorry, Pod Culture.
I don't know Crystal's.
So maybe, but that was, I had it in Vegas.
That was disgusting.
Crystal is kind of the same theory as White Castle, but I always have to tell them not
to put any mustard or pickle on my sandwich.
But they have an amazing thing on their menu that I greatly miss, and that is the Corn
Pup is tiny little corn dogs.
Oh, that's tiny little corn dogs.
It's just the steaming of the burger.
No, no.
I remember when we were so desperate to get Dunkin Donuts, and we have one near us now,
and I really wish it was Krispy Kreme instead, because I don't like Dunkin.
I love Dunkin Donuts because I can get more cake-style donuts rather than what they had
at Krispy Kreme.
And I grew up with freaking Krispy Kreme, and I'm very sad that the one from the 50s
that was on Government Street in Mobile is gone.
Pisses me the fuck off.
But I like, when I came out here and had donuts that were not from Krispy Kreme for the first
time in my life, I was like, cake donuts, a lot of cake donuts.
Yeah, I will say the food at Krispy Kreme is better than Dunkin, but the coffee is better
at Dunkin than it is at Krispy Kreme.
But you're right, that is the one thing that California seemingly has that I do notice
is that because we don't have a lot of Krispy Kreme and Dunkin, there's a lot of mom and
pop donut shops.
And I will say, nothing beats those.
Nothing beats those for donuts.
I do like, I really do like, though, they're just regular glazed donuts.
So like the Krispy Kreme ones, I could eat those like by the dozen.
But that's the thing I missed about the one on Government Street, because it had the conveyor
in the back where they cooked them.
Oh, that was awesome.
And you go in when the hot sign is on.
And that was when they were the best.
Yeah, we had one by the mall, and then it became a Panera Bread.
What was the big chain that was at Winchell's that used to be all over California?
Now, I think they're only in Southern California, but most mom and pop shops are pretty much
Winchell's are pretty much that, like, is that it's pretty much what all mom and pop
stores are modeled after.
Okay, there was one other food comment because I had to get to it.
And now I don't.
Oh, dang, where was it?
So y'all are going off on food.
I'm like, do we spend too much time talking about food on this show?
And then like, y'all blow up the chat.
Yeah, see, Fifth Dream says, I like Dairy Queen food.
I'm not going to lie.
It's so bad.
But where else can you get country gravy, Texas toast with chicken strips?
That's a good idea.
The only thing I don't like about Dairy Queen, and this is just it saddens me so much.
So Dairy Queen purchased Orange Julius, and then Orange Julius disappeared out of the
malls, and they used to have Orange Julius available at Dairy Queen.
Now they don't have it at all.
They have made Orange Julius extinct.
And that makes me so sad.
This word did used to be good.
Okay, the comment was from Mike Deft.
And it was a response to we were talking about Taco Bell and Del Taco.
And he said something along the lines of it's all shit.
What did he say?
Oh, all of those Mexican fast food are shit with Mexican in quotes.
And that is from our resident listener that actually lives in Mexico.
Unless it's Jim Boys, and then it just gives you the shits.
Here's the thing about Taco Bell and Del Taco and all that.
Taco Bell is not Mexican food.
It is Taco Bell.
You have to go into it.
Taco Bell is not Mexican food.
It's just not food.
It's Southern California food.
If I want something that resembles Mexican food, I would go to, like, Chando's Tacos
or something that is a lot more like authentic street taco type of fare.
Well, Chando's is extremely greasy.
Near my house, but I cannot eat at Jim Boys because it makes me immediately sick.
Jim Boys is one of the...
It's honestly my first week out here.
Dan took me to Jim Boys.
I'll leave it at that.
When Shane lived with us for a little bit, we went to Jim Boys one day and Shane was like,
never again.
That was me.
Jim Boys.
I know.
I love Jim Boys.
Their tacos are good.
I don't know.
All right.
But Chando's...
I thought I had a cast iron digestive system.
No, I don't.
Chando's is good, except for their...
Like, I used to get their, like, kind of stuffed quesadillas that they have.
And it's just like, it's just grease.
It's solid grease.
That's the only thing.
It's like so heavy and so bad.
And then they also have their street corn, which I love Elodie, but it's sour.
Like, I don't think it's supposed to be sour.
Like, it's not good sour.
I've had a lot of street corn from a different bunch of different places, and it's sour,
like sour milk.
All right.
Clearly, we've derailed with Orange Challenge Fudio.
Let's try to get back.
Hey, look, what do we do when we play video games?
We eat.
Let's move on into some other gaming headlines, which, you know, kind of along the lines of
harassment a little bit and social media behavior.
I don't know.
Loki?
Yeah.
So, of course, we have Phil Spencer saying that he's praising devs for releasing games
among the culture of cancellation.
So first, when I read this, like, I wasn't sure if they were talking about, like, you
know, all the different canceled games like Ubisoft and stuff, but they're talking about
the current culture of criticism and cancellation.
I guess being that indie developers are more likely to just kind of bring their vision
to fruition and not really care about outside influences.
Whereas if you have something kind of studio made or something like that, you might get
a lot more exec kind of influence over stuff.
But basically, we are we all of us here today, all of our teams around the globe, separate
the 10,000 people that we let go.
We are all part of creating this echo effect of joy.
Bravely and intentionally release their visions to the world, particularly in the current
culture of criticism and cancellation, our players who bravely and intentionally carve
out time for games to invite rest and rejuvenate their lives and business leaders.
We call upon them and have the courage to protect and nurture this collective joy.
I think what they're talking about mainly was like some of the more recent games like
High on Life is a weird game and that they just kind of, you know.
Let it be weird, I guess.
I mean, here's the thing.
I actually don't think Phil Spencer's comments are as terrible as people are making them
out to be, and maybe I'm giving him too much credit.
But here's the thing.
I think like when I was reading this story on some websites, like for I'm just to say
say what it is like when I was reading the headline on Kotaku, I noticed they changed
the quote to remove the word criticism and they just put the cancellation.
And I felt when I was reading that story that they were trying to project like the Hogwarts
Legacy discussion because that's the ongoing cancellation right now, right?
They were trying to project that onto Phil Spencer's comments.
But when I read Phil Spencer's comments as a standalone, I more see it in light of the
story Jamie just talked about and a lot of the crap that developers have to put up with
online.
And sometimes, yeah, I would actually label some of that like cancellation.
It's shitty cancellation attempts.
It's cancellation that's just, you know, and we all know that's a silly word anyway.
A lot of it is accountability culture and so forth anyway.
But I digress.
I don't want to get too far into those.
I just feel like when I was reading a lot of the gaming media's reports on this quote
that they were projecting something onto it that I don't think Phil, unless Phil Spencer
said like Hogwarts Legacy or like what other, unless he said that, I'm not sure I would
jump from this to this in that conclusion.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe I'm being naive.
Maybe I'm giving Phil Spencer too much credit.
I feel like he's earned a little bit of credit from some of the things he's done in this
industry.
But, you know, and also not everybody always says eloquent things.
I can respect developers and still say, oh boy, did you put your foot in your mouth?
For example, Naoki Oshida and the comments about Final Fantasy 16.
I respect the guy a lot, but oof, you know, but I also recognize how much of that is him
and how much of that is like the Japanese game development industry.
But that's a whole other Oprah.
I just think this, you know, I don't know.
I feel like a different argument is being put on Phil Spencer that I'm not sure he was
trying to get involved with.
But that's my thought.
Anyway, all right, moving on.
Let's talk about Arcade 1UP because, you know, we talk about those machines on this show
a little bit.
And we also talk about them on our Discord server sometimes because, you know, some of
these pictures of machines and stuff show up on our Discord.
Plus, you know, the good old I'm banned from Bobby Black Wolf's arcade because I get high
scores on his machines.
This all gets elaborated on with pictures in the Discord and all of that.
So over at vognetwork.com slash Discord, that's vognetwork.com slash Discord.
This story was actually posted in the Orange Launch Radio channel about did Arcade 1UP
actually violate an emulator license?
And it was a link to a Reddit post in the emulation subreddit.
But it reads this.
The Arcade 1UP Simpsons Bowling Unit is reportedly based on Duck Station, which is a GPL3 licensed
product project.
I've looked around and there doesn't appear to be historic versions under any other license.
They are actively denying requests for the source code, which when the GPL requires for
them to make it available.
I was also sent similar via DM by someone else who requested the source.
I was told before that Arcade 1UP had cleaned up their act.
They had previously been caught using non-commercial versions of MAME in their products.
But based on this, it seems it's not the case.
Based on what has been said, this is nothing more than another bootleg product claiming
to be fully licensed.
Interesting development.
And by the way, thank you 13X Forever who posted that in our Discord.
But interesting development that came up since that was posted, actually, within the last
couple of days, Arcade 1UP, if you go to their GitHub over at github.com slash Arcade 1UP,
they have posted the source.
So calling them out, actually, they were in the position where, oops, I guess they were.
So I guess it is an admission.
Yes, we were using the duck station, which I'm sure it wasn't too hard to figure it out.
And they posted the source code.
So here's the completely fair dragging of Arcade 1UP.
And, you know, obviously that was a little shady what they did and so forth.
And a lot of people, you know, I've been read sometimes for buying these things because
it's like, why don't you why don't you mod these things?
You could get more games in him.
Or why do you not get the real cabinet or anything like that?
And it's like, yeah, I will number one, the real cabinets are a bitch to get upstairs.
And that's where my games are.
I'm moving a pinball.
Yeah, it's these work a lot better upstairs.
Let's let's put that or downstairs in the case of Black Wolf Manor.
These games get up and downstairs a lot easier.
But also be I realize they're not the real thing.
They're collectibles, especially this BurgerTime machine is limited edition 3000.
It is a collectible.
I like the aesthetic.
I think these, especially the Tron one with the built in black lights, like it looks really
cool.
I realize it's not the real thing with the real CRT television, all that.
But you know what, when those machines break, they are a fucking beast to repair because
no one makes CRT televisions anymore.
So I find these things as a kind of a happy kind of medium for collecting and so forth.
So but I want them to follow all the rules.
Like I don't I understand that a lot of this stuff is going to be emulated in this day
and age.
But emulations come a long way from the days of the earliest main main stuff and all that
stuff is like, you know, this is when I play this Tron machine, I feel like I'm playing
the old arcade game, save for the joystick is a little less durable than what you'd see
in the real arcade machine.
But other than that, the game itself, I feel like I'm playing the real game and it's a
lot of fun.
I still want the Marvel pinball from arcade one up.
Even though it's a digital pinball, I still think it would be funny.
It's still cool.
So Bobby Black Wolf says in the case of Black Wolf Manor, there's no stairs.
We take them around the house in the basement door.
That's Oh, that's right.
I forgot you have a back a backyard door.
That's right.
That's how you get the pinball machines in there.
Of course.
All right.
Dejirama S says you could get an arcade mini cab with tons of arcade games in it, but that's
bootleg AF.
And Rama, I'm going to really ruffle feathers with this comment, but that's my opinion.
Most of those cabinets look bootleg as fuck.
That's why I like these.
To me, especially this Tron one is incredibly faithful to the original, about as close as
you can get when it's three quarters of the size of the old one.
You know, a lot of those other machines, they look like bootleg arcade machines to me.
That's not to say I'll never get one.
Again, I keep pointing out I have a nice open available space still.
And you know what's funny?
Alan and I have even talked about like, you know, we don't really use the kitchen table.
And if we got rid of the kitchen table, we'd have more space downstairs.
Rob, what?
Tell me if you remember, we had the dining room table in my house.
Do you know what's been since put away in favor of pinball tables?
The dining room table.
dining room table.
We have we have a smaller kitchen table and even that's a gaming table.
It's a bumper pool underneath it.
But like, but your house is you and Dan, my house, me and Alan.
How often do we sit down at the dinner table and have dinner with our significant other
to talk about?
It doesn't happen.
We do.
Well, sometimes we might go out to eat and do that or something.
Or we might both sit in the living room and chat.
We don't like sit at the dinner table.
How do you do it?
You got rid of your dinner table.
You can't do it.
No, we have the we have the kitchen table.
Oh, yeah, you have your little one that's got the bumper pool in it.
Yeah, I remember eating pizza there once.
Yeah.
And so we have we have people over and we eat at the table, you know.
But like we were even talking about like, I kind of want to, you know, put that somewhere
else and get like one of those little folding leaf tables that you could just unfold the
one side and then have like a little nook area and then have the rest of the kitchen
open.
I like to our very first house, the house I grew up in, we had a instead of a kitchen
table, we had an actual like restaurant booth.
We had a like a booth.
I like that.
The one thing I don't like about those.
I'm just just saying is that if someone in the middle has to get up and pee.
Yeah, true.
Yeah.
And then they're kind of a pain to clean.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Uh, following up on something from last week, right?
Dark soccer.
Yep.
This makes me actually kind of upset because.
Bubba is still in dead by daylight.
That code piece was put in the PTB to catch the leaker.
Oh, wow.
But there I go.
My Jennifer Coolidge again.
I didn't know that that's what it was.
Oh, I just I just okay.
I agree.
It's you still see Steve, Nancy and demo.
You would have seen Bubba.
You'd never truly be rid of Bubba.
Yeah, that was that was the theory is that they would just leave him in, but no one could
buy him again.
Like even I was talking when I was playing with Raven early this morning, you know, she
was even like, I was going to wait for I didn't I don't have Bubba yet.
I was going to wait for him to go on sale before they got rid of him.
And now they're not getting rid of him.
But yeah, it was actually posted on the Dead by Daylight Twitter dead by behavior BHVR.
Yeah, he's not going anywhere with a picture.
And of course, that picture being here, I'll actually just link the tweet with the photo.
At least for those in chat, other people, you'll have to look for it.
Sorry.
It's basically Dwight on a elf Dwight on a hook with a Bubba in the background.
Ready to go, because face camping Bubbas.
But yeah, they said, nope, he still got business to take care of in the entities realm.
We'll let you know if a licensed character ever needs to leave us.
But this was, you know, when they did the confirmation with leaks by Daylight.
They they actually said that that they were I mean, they've been very accurate over so many
things like outfits and whatnot, and collaborations.
Oh, and the person that runs it apparently said that they were just gonna stop posting
content leaks.
Like just basically stick with like the wardrobe stuff or whatever.
And I'm like, let's just knock it off.
But this is an attempt to try to catch some of the people who were leaking.
But in this case, I mean, it was actually just PTB data mining.
But there was another thing on here from Reddit, where they said that they,
they said that they gave a comment to a few of the different people they suspected of leaking.
Basically, this was set up like one of those canary traps,
you know, put the false information out there, find who leaked it.
Interesting.
Um, so, and then, yeah, I mean, and but there's the one person who said seems like this is the
end of this trip from MGA 9678 on a Reddit discussion.
But I mean, I do kind of agree with what another Reddit user said.
And I'll quote if this brings back some of the excitement and mystery around
chapter teasers again, that it's not all bad.
Um, but I mean, I like I like seeing this.
It makes me more excited for it when I get to see the preview of it, you know?
Yeah.
Um, I, I like those things, although I did kind of liked when, when they were teasing
uh, uh, the Hell Priest Cenobite, that they put up the footage in the, um, in, uh, on the TV.
And for anyone who's seen Hellraiser, they know that that's what the precursor
to, um, the Hell Priest showing up.
Yeah.
Yeah. So I like, or when they did the artist, we were all like,
like some of us knew right away, oh, that's going to be something you have to do with like artwork
or something.
And, you know, and even going back to like naming certain artists who had done this kind of work,
it was, I liked, I liked when we had those kinds of teasers and guesswork and to see who was right
and who wasn't and, you know, building up that excitement for it.
But I also did like every so often having someone vindicated or not vindicated, but confirm it for
me a little early, you know?
I don't think the leaks ever really like hurt anyone or the game.
Like, you know, the design does that plenty.
But it broke my heart because I want Bubba gone.
So people won't stop playing face camping asshole Bubbas.
He was never going to get fully removed.
They're not going to be able to take it from people that already bought it.
Like that would be very challenging.
I still think that they need to implement my idea, patent pending, of, um, having it like,
like for camping killers, having them be pushed out of the area or giving a longer endurance boost,
not just to the hooked, but to the unhooker.
I agree.
The hook timer in the post hook endurance timer should be based off of the proximity
of the killer and how long they stood.
Like if, if the killer stands right next to the hook, it should basically build the hook
time the longer the killer standing there.
I will say, however, that that has won many a match for people who have been hooked near
the exit gates.
All right.
Uh, let's move on.
The hook timer should stop if the killer is not out of the area.
No, I agree.
All right, let's move on.
Let's, uh, talk about some more, uh, I guess followups.
Cause I feel like we were talking about this company the other week, but Loki.
Yeah.
We were talking about cancellations by Ubisoft last week and some unknown games and stuff.
One of these, of course, was apparently an online hero battler called Project Q.
It was one of those three games that got, uh, canceled.
The one we talked about that last week, uh, because they have,
haven't been having a successful year apparently.
Um, and then confirmed it.
Yes.
Project Q development team was being reassigned to other endeavors and projects within the studio.
And I guess it was a PvP shooter first announced in April, 2022.
I don't remember anything about it.
So neat.
Um, and then of course they still insist that Beyond Good and Evil 2 is still in development.
Duke Nukem forever all over again.
Yeah, I know.
I wonder how many times it will be great when it comes out.
I'm sure.
I wonder how many times it stopped and started development in that too.
Turned it over.
Yeah.
It's that happened at least once.
Cause when they started developing that game, they were probably developing it for the PS3.
I think it's been like 15 years now or something.
Yeah.
15 years.
So I really don't care at this point.
Just like either release or don't like, I don't care.
Just, I don't need to be told that it's still in development.
Or just tell me you canceled it and restarted it.
You know?
Yeah.
Just say, hey, we just started development because we had the cancel development.
Yeah, whatever.
Well, something else that was canceled before it ever started was Walu Peach.
That's right.
It was, uh, I guess Walu Peach was a character that had been pitched, uh, in a tweet.
Let's see.
It was an interview with Shugo Takahashi, uh, about the creation of Waluigi, uh, and
talking about, you know, what was going on with the creation of that.
But apparently, uh, Nintendo was open to other ideas and they, the team tried to pitch Walu
Peach for the next game.
But Miyamoto said, no, vetoed it even before seeing the design, which I can only imagine
what the design for Walu Peach would have looked like.
But Miyamoto said, I know it's going to be just like Doro and Joe, so don't bother.
Doro and Joe, and I'm probably saying there's Doro and Joe, uh, is an anime villain from
Yatterman.
Uh, and so, uh, love Yatterman.
That's a Tatanoko one.
Yeah.
So Miyamoto was like, no, not even don't even want to see it stop.
So what could have been, what could have been?
Doro and Joe looks pretty awesome.
Might be a little too spicy for Nintendo though.
All right.
Well, let's get to, if we're going to talk about classic games, I think now's a good
time to bring in our next segment.
So let's get to it.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick for us tonight, Dark Sakura?
The game I am streaming on Saturday night, Star Ocean, as in the original Star Ocean.
It came out in 1996, um, on the Super Famicom.
It was developed by Tri-Ace and published by Enix.
Yes, that Enix.
It is the very first of those games.
It was released July, 1996, and was the first game developed by Tri-Ace that was, uh, mostly
made up of staff that had left Wolf Team being unhappy with the development for Tales of
Fantasia with Namco in 1995.
It uses a special compression chip to compress and store all the games data, um, because
the graphics in it really pushed the limits of the Super Famicom.
Um, the game also had voice acting for the game's intro and voice clips that played
throughout battle gameplay.
Um, and it, I, it's a really complicated story so far, but it has these three friends who
experience a new disease and they come into contact with, uh, with people from a space
faring federation.
Like it almost sounds like Star Trek.
Okay.
Um, and they find a time travel device that lets them go back in time to try to find
the cure for their planet.
Um, it, it's, it was never released like just outside, only, only in, uh, Japan because
the American branch closed shortly before the game was finished.
And then they were also doing a little bit more focusing on Nintendo 64 stuff, but the
game was actually remade by Tose for, uh, the PSP as Star Ocean First Departure.
And, uh, it was released in North America, Europe and Australia, October, 2008.
And then there's a remastered, which is Star Ocean First Departure R for the Switch and
PlayStation 4 that came out in December of 2019.
And it was the start of the entire Star Ocean series, which is six games, three spinoffs
to remake a remaster and a manga.
Um, but going back to the original Star Ocean, it is a top-down RPG.
I'm not seeing anything on the window.
Oh, there it is.
Okay.
It's a top-down RPG.
Um, and you, you walk around your party as, you know, compressed into one person, interacting
with players.
Um, and then you have, like, when you're in battle, you're, it's sort of like Secret
of Mana this way, where you do have a dedicated battle screen and you can control one character
and the other to have tactics for how they fight.
Um, and, uh, you don't really have like a world map.
You have like a mini map sort of thing, but it's still not much help.
Um, but you can recruit up to eight additional characters to go with you.
Some happen automatically, some depend on actions that you did in the past.
Um, but there are up to 10 characters that are able to be recruited, even though you
can only recruit eight.
So it does allow some replayability and it has something, you know, it does contribute
to the way the story, uh, plays out.
Um, so, uh, at any rate, um, the combat is that 3D isometric view.
Um, but like I said, you, you have battle strategies that your others use, um, you know,
that are basically AI characters, and then you have your own thing.
Um, you can get special points, uh, called SP from battle and they're used to customize
your abilities.
So for example, you could give SP to cooking and then you can make food out of just raw
material that you'll find.
Um, you can have people who can create weapons, um, upgrade items, um, and then individuals
can have, uh, up to 20 items.
There's also private actions, which I think are cool.
So like, like for example, and I'm still right at the start, but there's a part when you
first go into the past and your, your team of four is separated.
And so you have the main guy and then the Iria, who is like, uh, the second in command
on the spaceship and she's wearing very futuristic clothes that don't fit the planet.
So the main guy has to go and find clothes for her.
So they actually have one of these private actions right at the beginning where they
discuss, like, do you want to risk me going in or do you want me to just stay here?
And, you know, I said, stay here while I look around, but then, uh, his name is Radix by
the way, R-A-T-I-X.
Um, and then there's other things that you can go on with.
Like, for example, when you're looking for the clothes, you can choose to steal them
off of a clothesline, or you can go into the house and ask a lady if she has extra clothes
for a woman, you know, and even then it's like, make up a story, tell the truth, or,
you know, you've got all these different, like, yes, no actions.
Um, and then, you know, you build up affinity with the other, uh, party members.
Um, so that, you know, for example, how well you treat them determines how close you are
with them and it affects the game.
I mean, we're talking like BioWare levels of, of character interaction in an SNE, in
a Super Famicom game.
So this game was really ahead of its time.
It really, really was.
Um, and I don't know why it took me so long to finally play it, but I'm, I'm absolutely
adoring this game.
It is in the music is so good.
It's so good.
And it's so pretty.
Look how pretty this game is.
Well, the podcast listeners can't see it, but you can always look it up or check out
one of Dark Sakura's streams.
Well, and the, the, uh, music for Star Ocean and then the first Departure, uh, remake were
done by, um, Sakuraba Motoye.
Um, the music is on an album that was released, uh, November 1st, 1996 by Sony Records called
Star Ocean Perfect Sound Collection.
Um, and even some of the, the music that was released with it is sort of like a prog rock
style.
So I'm kind of down for it and I absolutely want to, um, get it.
In fact, the first Departure remake had a song called Heart that was performed by a music
group called, um, Asunaro.
And, uh, it played with the opening credits on, on that version.
Um, and then there was, uh, a different song on first Departure are called, um, uh, Atarashi
Ippo, which means the first step by, um, Yaichi Keiko, um, of, uh, Shadow of Lathandor.
Um, at any rate, the game sold, uh, approximately 235,000 copies in Japan, um, which is just
over, uh, the 175,000 copies that were just sold in 1996.
Um, it was considered one of the best looking Super Nintendo games ever made in that it,
it still holds up today, which I agree it does hold up.
Um, Famitsu gave the game a 31 out of 40.
Um, uh, for game rankings, it, uh, on the SNES one had, uh, a 93% PSP at 77%.
Um, yeah, the English version really just got kind of good, but not great reviews.
Um, but it was considered one of the best remakes of a Squenix game ever.
Of course, it was released under Squenix at that time.
Um, but it's, the game itself is so solid and it's, I, I've had so much fun with it
just in the three hours that I've played it, that I,
I'm looking forward to playing it every, every week for you guys.
So that, that's it.
It's, it's Star Ocean published by Enix, created by Tri-Ace.
All right.
Great pick.
Uh, one that I need to, I, I think I've barely touched this game.
So this is one I feel like I need to revisit too, but that's it.
Star Ocean, the classic game of the week.
Great pick.
All right.
And like I said, super fun.
Yeah.
And a very long game too, if this let's play is any indication.
It's like 24 parts.
So yeah, it's going to put some hours into that.
It's, it's a lot more dynamic and complex than I thought it was going in.
Yeah.
So I'm already engaged with it.
Nice.
Some comments in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Uh, Mishkin says, I still need to get Star Ocean R.
Mike Deff says, I still remember the twist in SO3 with the eyes emoji.
Not going to say what it is right now.
Uh, Questbuster says, one of the things I appreciated about Tri-Ace was how fun their
combat systems were in their games, like their Star Ocean games to Valkyrie profile.
All right.
Let's, uh, cover some other headlines, uh, rapidly and some rapid fire news.
Loki.
Yeah.
So apparently, uh, Bruce Stanley, uh, former Naughty Dog employee is unhappy that he is
not credited in the new HBO show for the last of us.
Since he was the game director behind the game on PlayStation three.
Um, he was also credited though.
Like they had a whole special, um, thanks for him in the last of us part one remake.
Um, but no mention of him on the show.
He did leave Naughty Dog in 2017 though.
Um, but it feels, you know, he should have been credited.
Probably should have been credited.
I heard the show is really good though.
I mean, I guess I shouldn't remind people it's on Sunday nights or whatever.
It's all on demand.
Now.
Most people are watching on demand whenever you want.
Yeah.
Um, but I mean, I've heard it's really good.
So yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, more game announcements for PlayStation VR two.
Um, these are going to be some updates for already existing games, including rez.
Infinite is going to be coming, um, on February 22nd.
That's pretty awesome.
Um, and then I saw something about, um, now I don't know, like, if it's necessarily like
going to be a really cool feature or not because they have all the eye tracking stuff, but
for Tetris effect though, I saw that you can actually use your eyes to control when you
go into that focus mode or whatever, which I thought was kind of interesting.
Like if you blink for like two seconds or something like that, it's supposed to like
trigger it or something neat.
Sounds gimmicky to me, but cool.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, so yeah, that's going to be, uh, ported over.
And I think if you had the original that, yeah, players who own the original PlayStation
four additional be able to upgrade it for, uh, $10.
Oh, they're not even giving it to you.
No, Sony got to have that money.
Money on, uh, uh, this is, this is, this is why I said what I said a couple of weeks ago.
I don't think the VR two is set up for success, but you know, and I look, I love rez.
I love Tetris effect.
They're great games.
We already played them.
Like these are not, these are not tent pole titles that are going to move hundreds of
thousands of VR twos.
Well, this is in 4k now at 60 FPS.
I don't remember what the last one was in.
If that was also 4k at 60 FPS, but, uh, this one's going to be in 4k at 60 FPS.
And, um, they have both five, one and seven, one surround sound audio options.
Pretty sure that was in the last one though.
Um, yeah, I mean, I don't like to see that, but.
Uh, we'll, we'll see how it goes.
Um, some comments from chat.
Bobby Black Wolf says these are the indie devs that are having you pay for the upgrade.
GT seven is a free upgrade to PSVR too.
I wouldn't necessarily blame Sony for it.
I just, you know, again, I'm not exactly in a rush to get a VR too.
And again, I love those games, but I can play them on hardware.
I already have.
And honestly, neither one of those games are that I get the Tetris effect is great in VR,
but it's not, it's not such a colossal step down to play on a, a, a regular traditional
screen either for me.
Like it's pretty fun though.
I do like rez.
It is.
But again, I think, and also I'm like, okay, look, I love rez.
I look, I am a huge music, Gucci stand.
I love everything that guy's made.
I even love 99 night.
Well, I liked it a lot.
99 nights.
Okay.
Like, but I'm just like, rez has been released.
How many times why was rez area X not its own game.
And considering that the, the, the graphics in rez, like considering what the style of
the graphics in rez are, is really, they're going to be a difference between 10 80 and
4k.
Like, is it really make that much of a difference?
Area X might, but it's not, yeah, it's not going to be the end all be all.
No.
So, uh, and then, uh, you know, I'm just like, what, what could we get some love for child
of Eden, which, you know, has kind of been overlooked over the years, uh, you know, which
was the connect game on three 60, but has never really seen a revival like rez has,
or just, I just, I don't understand rez area X was very, very clearly the prototype for
a rez part two or some type of SQL to rez.
Where's that?
That's what they should have released.
That's you want to get my fucking attention, release that for the VR too.
But I, you know, I understand.
I see the comments in chat rez isn't necessarily exclusive to PlayStation either.
But if Sony would be willing to toss them a little money to make it exclusive or at
least give it that release window or whatever you want to call it.
I mean, they're looking to purchase companies.
Why can't they throw a little money for an exclusive deal?
I mean, they are already doing it with Spiderman and stuff.
I mean, so I'm gonna, well, Spiderman is also somewhat in-house with Sony, but that's
another, that's the licensing thing.
All right.
All right.
Let's get to dark soccer story.
So Deadpool himself has come forward saying that there's going to be Deadpool in Marvel's
midnight sons and I can't get over this adorable witch hat that he's wearing.
It just says, stay tuned for more details.
We might have more, I think that that's awesome, but I'm absolutely zero
surprised that Deadpool is joining the roster.
Yeah.
That'd be fun.
I just got Wolverine though.
Well, not yet, but we ran into him.
Yeah.
All right.
Before I get to my story, let me get to another comment from chat over twitch.tv slash vog
network.
Mike Def says, you know what Mizuguchi game needs to come back?
And that is Meteos.
Granted that was with Sakurai, but still I loved Meteos.
I'm going to be honest though.
Meteos had an Xbox 360 arcade release.
It doesn't work quite as well on controller.
Like it's, it's doable, but there's something about the touch screen and I'm not, I'm not
sure they could do Meteos on a system besides the DS.
I mean, I know the switch has a touch screen, so maybe that they could do something where
you could play with controller or on the touch screen.
But I, I feel like, I don't know if Meteos fits into any current system, I guess maybe
the switch.
Honestly, I try a mobile version.
I wouldn't be opposed to it.
I think it's a game that could work very well.
But yeah, I loved Meteos.
That game was so cool.
So we'll see.
Dr.
Cia says, wasn't that the one that had the E3 demo?
Yes, it was.
You could like download.
I remember downloading the demo from the wifi station and like keeping it on the DS for
like two weeks until it accidentally ran out of battery or something like that.
It was pretty rad.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's see.
I have a quick story too.
And that has to do with, uh, Quirtle.
Jason was referring to this a little bit in the intro tonight, but you know, there's all
these Wordle clones, right?
So some of them have you do multiple words at once.
I guess I think Jason name checked one that was like 32 words at once.
Quirtle, I think was one of the first of these because it was four words at once.
Well, as we know, Wordle ended up getting acquired by the New York Times sometime ago.
Quirtle has now found a new owner and it's not the New York Times.
It's Merriam Webster.
Yeah.
Like the dictionary.
So if you actually go to Quirtle.com, which is Q U O R D L E.com, it actually goes to
a, it's a redirect.
Basically redirects you to Merriam Webster.com slash games slash Quirtle.
So kind of interesting, huh?
So, uh, the creator Freddie Meyer sent in a message on the games help tab.
I'm delighted to announce that Quirtle was acquired by Merriam Webster.
I can't think of a better home for this game.
Lots of new features and fun to come.
So stay tuned.
So interesting.
Nine guesses or fewer to find out four five letter words at once.
It's like playing Wordle, uh, four times all at once.
But it's, I like the multi-word ones.
It's kind of fun.
So, uh, Bobby Blackwell says I play Setacortle, uh, which is 16 words at once and 21 tries.
That that's the most I've done.
The most words I've done was in that one.
Uh, Digirama S, uh, referring to last story says, what's the other puzzle game that came
out for PSP?
I think it was also by Q entertainment, every extend extra.
And then there was the Xbox 360 title.
Every step extend extra extreme.
Uh, and those, those games were a lot of fun as well.
Yeah.
I like, uh, God, I had one game of every extend extra extreme going for like over an hour
once.
I mean, it's not a particularly difficult game, but yeah.
SS2100 Matt on the Wordle topic says thoughts on the game show Lingo with RuPaul.
Haven't seen it.
I didn't realize it.
I knew it was coming, but did it debut yet?
I didn't know it debuted yet.
Yes.
Lingo is a reboot, but I will say, um, uh, RuPaul is a huge step up from the former host
on the game show network, which was Chuck Woolery.
Uh, and then, um, I'm not sure.
I think the original version goes all the way back to maybe the seventies.
I don't remember who hosted the original original ego, but, um, game show network had a revival
in the, um, nineties.
Okay.
It's on Paramount plus.
Makes sense.
I'm curious.
I'll check it out.
Um, I, I like seeing RuPaul do things that are not just drag race.
So, um, I think a game show host is a great place for RuPaul to be.
So, uh, I'll check it out.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's talk about some things you can check out a little sooner as we travel around the
world and check out some release dates.
How about in the U S Loki?
Oh, this week we have four spoken on PC and PlayStation five.
Um, hyper dimension, Neptunia sister versus sisters are sisters versus sisters.
That's on PC PlayStation four and PlayStation five, uh, risen on Nintendo switch PlayStation
four and Xbox one.
Disgaea seven on the Nintendo switch PlayStation four and PlayStation five pizza tower on PC
story of seasons, a wonderful life on Nintendo switch, summertime rendering another horizon
on Nintendo switch and PlayStation four.
Uh, we've got wonder boy anniversary collection on Nintendo switch, PlayStation four and PlayStation
five Alice escaped on PC and Nintendo switch a tone heart of the elder tree on PC, Nintendo
switch and PlayStation four and the remake of dead space on PC PlayStation five and Xbox
series.
That's it.
All right.
Traveling to Japan, a lot of us similar stuff as well.
I'm sure Disgaea seven on the switch is going to be a very big release this week.
Uh, it sounds like around the world cause we're getting it in the U S too, but it's
also on Japan this week on the switch.
Also summertime rendering another horizon out in Japan this week on the switch story
of seasons, a wonderful life.
I didn't chronicle rising.
Please note that is not the full I had in Chronicles game.
This is another one of those like prequel games or whatever the, the games that lead
up to I had in Chronicles.
I'm not sure what type of game this is.
I was trying to guess from the screenshots.
If it's like an RPG as well, if it's more like action oriented, it looks like it might
be a little more action, uh, in this.
So that is out in Japan this week.
Is this the one we are actually, did we already have this here?
I think we did.
Was this out on Xbox here?
Now someone in shadow, I eat in Chronicle rising.
I don't know.
Thank you.
Rama says it's a 2d side scroller action RPG.
It's on game pass.
Okay.
Thank you.
So it's out on the switch in Japan.
So it just, sometimes things are a little delayed while they get localized.
All right.
So it's not a different one.
It's the same one we already had here a few months ago.
Got it.
Summertime rendering another horizon also out of the switch Haru kiss in a regular and
limited edition and Dora think the thrilling brain adventures of Nobita.
That's right.
That is also out this week.
And that is a Dora mon.
That is a, another Dora mon game.
I'm not sure if it's supposed to be like a education game cause it's called think, um,
maybe, but it looks cute, especially if you like Dora mom.
Uh, let's look at the PlayStation five real quick.
A lot of the same stuff such as Disgaea seven summertime rendering another horizon.
I eat in Chronicle rising store.
I'm sorry.
I'm looking at the wrong list.
How did that happen?
Let's try that again.
Uh, in Japan, we do have I eat in Chronicle rising, uh, and go simulator three Disgaea
seven is out on the PlayStation five this week.
Uh, the Witcher three wild hunt, the multi-language, uh, souped up edition that is out as well.
And for spoken on the 24th, a little bit early, but I'm sure that is because that looks like
that's going to be a worldwide release, uh, this week.
This is a pretty big week for games.
What's Europe look like?
Dark soccer.
Like my unmute button.
Um, not, not, not really super huge.
Um, what we have is on the 24th, we have four spoken for PlayStation risen for PlayStation
and switch PlayStation has world war Z aftermath.
26,000 odd ballers on switch.
Also the Witcher three wild hunt for PlayStation and X-Box dead space in the 27th.
And that's what came up.
All right.
Pretty, pretty big week for games.
Good way to, um, you know, kick off the year since we're still in January.
I can still say we're kicking off the year.
Uh, let's do a few more stories and then we'll get to your comments and calls and all that
good stuff in our listener round table.
But first Loki.
Yeah.
So the question is what happens to all of those stadia exclusive games that were out
there?
Well, we have an answer at least for one of those.
So there's a game called gun sport, which was, I guess, a 2d, uh, volleyball type game
that was a stadium.
So when I think of volleyball, I think of guns.
Well, it's the sci-fi volleyball game.
So, uh, by Necrosoft and they then later on ended up releasing at least last year, a
sequel, which is hyper gun sport, and that's been available on multiple platforms, but
one of those being steam.
So what they've decided to do since a CD is shutting down, they made their, um, exclusive
game gun sport.
They allowed you to actually be able to play it through hyper gun sports.
So if you access the beta channel through hyper gun sport, you will have a, you'll be
able to access a version of gun sport, um, an offline version that is being made available
through that.
So that's cool that you'll be able to do that.
And they said it's because of, um, they care about game preservation.
So they went ahead and made a version of that available.
Pretty cool.
Nice.
Actually, that does remind me to ask our resident, um, stadia power user, uh, dark
Sakura, how, who just made the biggest wamp face.
How was the final day of stadia?
How was the final day?
I decided not to play.
Really?
I made my break already.
I wasn't going to watch the ship sink.
That was the night I was playing with you.
Wasn't it?
Was the last, uh, yeah.
Cause I, I said something like, it was, that was the day before the last, but at the same
time, I was just like, you know, I, I can't, I don't.
I, I made my break.
And on top of that, I didn't want to play any dead by daylight and get like something
that would have been an achievement just to have to do it again.
That would have been a little salt.
Yeah.
So I was just like, you know, I, I made my break.
I'm done.
I'm good.
Okay.
Fair.
Fair.
You know, I saw, but my stream title was RIP stadia.
Okay.
Yeah.
Um, I do, since I know you're on G force now, now, cause I know you tried, what was it?
Bloober or whatever.
Boostroid.
Bloober is a team that makes video games like silent hill 2 remakes.
Um, boostroid over, uh, was overseas.
So I know you were having some lag trouble with that.
So you, you kind of are on G force.
Now I saw an interesting headline about that though.
That, um, I don't know if it was bungee or somebody was helping out destiny two players
on stadia with like a free month of G force to try to transition them over to that platform.
So this could be Google's loss.
Could be Nvidia's gain at the end of the day.
It seems like it could be interesting.
Especially if, you know, if this droid has, you know, doesn't up their game and get ready
for, you know, an overseas, uh, group, then they're going to be SOL.
Yeah.
I'm kind of surprised that, that bungee didn't go to Microsoft with this.
Cause we know Xbox has a cloud and they can play destiny too.
So it was just, I was a little surprised that they didn't go there, but maybe Nvidia was
really eager to cut the deal because I'm sure when Nvidia saw that stadia was going to help
held, there's probably a lot of people like you, Jamie, that are now checking out Nvidia.
So Nvidia seeing dollar signs where, uh, stadia, you know, has, has left our world.
So interesting.
All right.
Zen monkey 11 and chat says offline version I'm sold.
Yeah.
That is nice for the, um, you know, exclusive games to get, you know, I'm, I imagine those
exclusive agreements are now Nolan void with the sunsetting of stadia.
So I'm kind of glad that they, uh, well, maybe they're not, maybe that's why they had to
kind of do this a tricky way and embed it within an existing game.
Maybe they wanted to steer clear of any potential, uh, legal issues there.
Hmm.
Anyway.
All right.
Uh, moving on dark Sakura.
Me whale.
Um, there is, uh, some, uh, information about, uh, suicide squad game, uh, coming out where
they're saying that there is going to be, um, some, uh, a battle pass to, for cosmetics
and whatnot.
Um, not a lot of information about it, but the currencies that were shown in the leaked
image are experience that's used to power up and customize your skill trees.
So they're all unique for each player.
Um, VGC was told that you start off really good and can get ridiculous.
So it's, uh, it's open world.
It's just, the game is suicide squad, kill the justice league, by the way.
Um, and it's from the people that did the Arkham asylum series.
So I don't know.
It looks fun.
I don't, I mean, I guess battle pass stuff is okay.
I'm kind of already doing it, uh, fifth dream and chat with an ominous prediction though,
saying, Oh, Avengers again, we saw where that went.
So, Hmm, hopefully they play this a little smarter.
Second player games don't need a battle pass.
Saying, all right.
I'm moving on Loki.
How about another game with a battle pass?
At least this is an online game.
At least it's free to play now.
It's free to play now.
It's free to play.
So yes.
Um, some of the pro overwatch teams are apparently look seeking legal, um, help to sue, um,
Activision blizzard over the losses that they're making from, um, you know, not being able
to participate in these overwatch leagues.
So, uh, apparently there's a majority of the Overwatch league, uh, league teams are working
with a British law firm for a collective bargaining process against the event organizers
after years of high operating costs and continually missing promises on a rep of news.
So, um, they're saying that they're seeking, uh, somewhere between 7.5 and 10 million in
franchise payouts.
So that's a lot of money.
I guess we'll have to wait and see if they actually, um, end up suing or not.
I'm sure there'll be big news if they end up doing that.
Yeah, that would be huge.
But I just over Overwatch league, like doesn't have a broadcast partner right now.
And you know, this is the time when like this, the fire is supposed to be hot with overwatch
with overwatch two and everything.
It's just like, this is, you know, a lot of people really invested a lot to make overwatch
league happen.
So it's, um, this is, this could, I don't know, this doesn't bode well.
I hope, uh, I hope Activision is able to figure this out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's not bode well.
Phil of nine and chat says, overwatch might just be over.
Well, I mean, the overwatch league, uh, which would be hugely detrimental to the industry.
There's a lot of people involved in the overwatch league, a lot, you know, it's like a sports
league.
It's an entire sports league going under if that I'm not, you know, maybe I'm, I don't
mean to be too, uh, you know, I don't know.
I mean, I don't mean to blow up the issue too much, but it's, it is an issue.
You know, to, to the longevity of the, the, the league.
I think the game itself is fine.
I think enough people are playing it, but you know, I'm also not Activision Blizzard.
So anyway, last story for tonight.
This one is, uh, interesting, but it's, uh, talks about a little bit of a Popeye crossover
in donkey Kong.
It's not quite what you think, but it's a little piece of Nintendo history because apparently
in the original design documents for the donkey Kong game, when we can actually see
what some of those look like this week, we actually see Popeye in some of the design
documents for this.
So, um, uh, Nintendo was going to use the Popeye license for basically what ended up
being donkey Kong because donkey Kong would have been a Bluto, uh, jump man or Mario would
have been Popeye, you know, and so forth.
Uh, and olive oil instead of Pauline, you know where I'm going with this, but then obviously
it all became donkey Kong.
So even though, you know, uh, they didn't get to use Popeye for this.
This is weird though, because Nintendo did end up making a Popeye game, but I think they
were, maybe they got the license later or something, or maybe because of the success
of donkey Congress, I distinctly remember there being a Nintendo, at least in the arcades
anyway, published game that I think then trickled down to all the home systems.
Cause I know I had it on Commodore 64 and it was on Atari version.
It was an early Nintendo release too.
So it might've been the success of donkey Kong that led to this, but yeah, originally,
if you didn't know donkey Kong was designed with Popeye in mind and these design documents
prove it.
So that's all just a cute little, isn't that interesting sort of thing and piece of gaming
history in that.
So there you go.
All right.
DJ Rama S says the Popeye game was a port that they published, but they did the arcade
version, didn't they?
I thought that was now I have to look it up because this is going to bother me if I don't.
Yeah.
Popeye was 1982 platform game developed and released by Nintendo.
And then the game was licensed by Atari for the UK and Ireland and Nintendo ported it
to the Famicom while Parker brothers did all the others and Parker brothers was huge
in video games and importing everything back in the day.
So yeah, that was an, it was by Nintendo R and D one.
So Miyamoto actually was part of the design for this.
The Popeye characters were originally slated for donkey Kong, but Nintendo was unable to
license the characters at the time.
So basically it was no, you're fine, Rama.
I'm glad we're doing a research and getting this all together.
So I guess you could say because of the success of donkey Kong, or maybe just a timing thing,
they were able to get Popeye and do a different game with that, which was fine.
I thought the Popeye game was fine for its day.
You know, the different types of levels.
They're actually, there's a, there's a lot of interesting parallels to donkey Kong actually
in the early Popeye games.
So pretty neat.
All right.
Let's go to the list around table.
We invite your feedback every week on the show via our mailbag, uh, through discord.
If you want to join our green room over at, uh, vog network.com slash discord.
And of course our chat room, if you have any random questions you'd like to ask us in chat,
cause we haven't had enough tangents tonight, twitch.tv slash vog network.
I don't think I saw emails, but let me check with dark Sakura.
I didn't think so.
If you want to change this very disturbing trend, I don't think we've had an email in
like six weeks.
We'll just blame the holidays.
Participate at orange launch radio.com is the place to send an email if you would like.
So, uh, while I wait and see if anybody in chat wants to ask a question or join us on
discord, let me hop over to Loki and see if there's any last minute stories.
Well, there is something I wanted to talk about.
It is a brand new DLC coming out for, um, power wash simulator.
So on the 31st of this month, they're going to have a crossover with tomb Raider and you'll,
you'll be able to wash the lowercroft mansion.
It's gonna be huge.
Oh God.
That's, that's pretty awesome though.
I like that.
Yeah.
I did play a little power wash simulator this week actually, because, uh, I, I played the
one on steam and now I'm playing the Xbox one to get achievements.
And plus it's kind of like starting over too.
Cause like now the official releases out and everything, you know, when I was playing it
before it was still in beta, but power wash is still a very fun, just chill.
I'm just going to wash these rocks type of game.
Yep.
Finara in chat says, will someone play power wash with me?
It sounds like I need to do a stream.
Is it cross?
I imagine Finara has it on stream.
Is it cross platform?
It is.
It is cross.
You can do a cross platform mode.
Um, and then you can also do like, uh, multiplayer.
I think if you do like campaign, it's only two player co-op, but outside of that, you
can do more than that.
I think that's maybe eight.
Maybe we need to do a VOG power washing night.
Maybe times.
That'd be fun.
Um, Bobby Blackwell says AGDQ did a six player stream.
I didn't realize it went up to, I thought they did a, um, they did one with, uh, they
did all the vehicles in the game.
So that was pretty neat.
Nice.
All right.
Anything else to share here?
Last minute stories.
Oh, it's all I had.
That's it.
All right.
Well, I think we believe it or not have come to the end of the show.
So thank you so much for your participation.
I, it was a little, it's weird.
We're in a, I mean, it's a big release week for games, but, um, you know, not a huge,
huge story week.
I think we still have a little ways to go before we start really getting the stories
rolling in.
I think a lot of the early parts of this year are probably going to be a ramp up to a lot
of big releases this summer.
It's going to be a very interesting summer and a very interesting E3.
I mean, but I realize E3 is back this year, supposedly, but that whole, you know, summertime
is gonna be very interesting.
It's gonna be very interesting year this year.
I'm excited to see what comes of it.
All right.
Well, um, that brings us towards the end of another show.
I want to thank everybody for being here for another episode of orange launch radio.
Thank you as always for your participation with the show.
Thank you to the live folks, especially for your generosity tonight.
As you are listening live, I really, really appreciate all of you.
Um, I really appreciate all of you that listen on the podcast feed as well.
I know we have a lot of lurkers who've never said hi.
I'm going to say hi to you anyway, then to say thank you for being here and listening
to the show.
Please feel free to drop us an email and let us know you're out there.
Um, participate at orange on traded.com.
You can also send us a tweet if you want at OLR, although I can't really be asked to check
Twitter, but once in a while I'll be like, oh yeah, I should check the OLR Twitter literally
once every other week.
I'm like, oh, I guess I should check that.
So, uh, at some point I'll see your message.
Uh, and uh, yeah, you can also join us live on a Sunday night, all great ways, but if
you enjoyed what you heard here at orange on radio, please tell a friend or two or seven
about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we
need more voices here to put out on air.
A nice five star review wherever you found this show, like iTunes, Spotify, wherever,
uh, it all goes a very long way and we appreciate those as well.
With that all being said, I think we will get to final thoughts, dark Sakura.
I'm imagining as usual, you will go play some Debbie delight after the show.
So, um, let me get your final thought first.
I finally have gotten back to work on my merch store and I will be doing the same for, uh,
orange lounge.
Yay.
That'll be great because I'd love to get some merch back out there, uh, for fog too, but
yeah.
Or are part of that.
And you know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
The universe, the universe.
I'm going to be ordering a sample of some stuff once I get more stuff pulled up and
let y'all know what it's like.
But yeah, um, uh, if anyone wants to see what I've done so far, just ask me.
That was great.
All right.
Have a good stream later.
All right, Loki.
That means we go to you.
Your final thought for tonight?
Uh, I hope this week is better than the last week because work is stressful and I don't
want to do it anymore.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Hope it gets better.
It's just, you know, it's, it's, it's like what we talk about in the gaming industry.
It's leadership and bad decisions that they make.
So yeah.
Let's see.
And my final thought tonight.
I'm with Mike Deft.
We're at least getting soon to Theatrhythms release in a few weeks.
That is exciting.
That is some good news.
That's some good news to end on tonight.
So that's, that's the end.
Just in the, in general, I need to pick up some other games from my backlog and get to
it already.
But, um, isn't that always the story, how it goes, but darn that real life for continuously
getting in the way.
But I'm always glad as always, if nothing else, we set aside these times on Sunday night
to hang out and do our thing.
And, uh, as we have for years and years, and I appreciate all of you for being a part of
it, and we will see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio in seven days.
Have a good week, everybody.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
