Act of Blizz King acquisition is another hurdle, another day into the Surf Code League, Layoffs, Layoffs, New TV Shows, New Arcade 1up, Fish Mischief, as the Federal Reserve attempts to manufacture a recession, Spicy, Microsoft News, Everyone Heard About, Splatfest, Delayed Cuz of the Lore, This ensures Mumblecore and a bit of How the Sausage is Made,
Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers and Loki to tell you about the very welcoming week of gaming news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Rob Roberts is joined every Sunday night as we broadcast with my co-hosts say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Sommers.
Hello. Hello. How are you, my friend?
Alright.
Yeah. Just just okay. Just alright.
I have a little bit of a headache.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I mean, it's it's the I'm going back to work on Wednesday.
Yeah.
And I don't know how I how I feel.
Yeah. Well, yeah, it's understandable.
I bet your co-workers miss you, though, except are you going back in person?
I can't remember if you go to the office.
Two days a week.
Okay. Okay. So some some. Okay.
Yeah.
Gotcha.
Out of, you know, my four days.
And I know that like the first two days I get there are going to be, hey, do all your training.
Hey, look how much email you have.
Oh, guess what?
You have to upgrade your OS on two computers.
That's the worst part about taking any time off.
You can take a day off and it's like the email mountain you come back to is always absurd.
And thankfully, like 90 percent of it is stuff that I can delete.
It's just.
I set up mail rules and they don't always work, and I'll leave it at that.
Yeah, I gotcha. I gotcha.
All right. Let's also say hello, of course, to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Oh, hi, Loki. How are you?
All right. Catch in the cold, but I'm all right.
Oh, no, I hope it's only a cold.
Let it go. You shouldn't catch it.
Yeah, let it go. Let it run free.
What is that that's playing behind you tonight?
Because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at the voice
geeks network, twitch.tv slash vog network.
And as we tape live, you can see video of us doing this show.
But of course, everything is always in the audio form for you.
Find folks that listen through a podcast app such as Spotify, iTunes, whatever.
Amazon Music, I think, does them now.
Wherever you listen to podcasts, we're there.
And but if you are watching live, you get to see some video, including whatever this is that Matt is
playing that I can't tell what this is.
It looks like a scary game of some sort because I think it's not.
Oh, it looks like something scary is about to happen there.
No, no, it's it's Bone Lab.
It's it's a VR game by stress level zero.
It's their sequel.
It's a pretty cutting edge VR game that I need to play.
I have it and I have my VR in a box, like
Oculus, Rift S in a box and stuff.
So I know I don't think it's too scary.
There's skeletons, I guess.
OK, well, as I said, a little scene that was played behind you look kind of freaky, but a little trickery for some crowds.
Yeah, well, it's it's just I don't know.
I think you go through I don't remember the exact premise of the game.
I think you go through like different modules or whatever.
There are different time periods.
Oh, like quantum leap.
Sort of like it looks like you're kind of like being treated like a witch here
and then you fall into a dungeon, you fight, you know.
Skeletons, and then there's another one, you fight like robots and stuff.
Can I ask a completely fucking random question?
This is Orange Lounge Radio, right?
And we don't have a lot.
The news this week was a little bit shorter.
We can get on a tangent once in a while, right?
Especially if it has to do with a video game or in this case.
Why isn't there this video game?
And my question is, why don't we have a quantum leap video game?
How has that never happened over the years?
I'm talking either because they just relaunched it, right?
There's a newer version, right?
It doesn't have the same actors.
Well, one of them passed away.
But it's it's from what I understand is a completely passable version of the show.
It's not terrible, like a lot of reboots.
Sounds like NBC is actually kind of getting the reboot thing
because I hear the Night Court one is pretty good, too.
But I understand why Night Court's not a video game.
I don't understand why Quantum Leap isn't a video game.
Or am I missing something from the 80s or 90s?
Was there an obscure game I just didn't know about?
Because I know a lot of TV like Star Trek Next Generation had a Super Nintendo game.
There was a lot of stuff that had video game.
I don't remember Quantum Leap ever having a video game.
No, I don't think it did, but I don't know what that would be.
Well, like you're like you're talking about.
You're hopping into different bodies and solving different adventures like the show.
Maybe they could actually do an ending that fucking doesn't just end
like the original show did, you know?
Looking in chat, Darticia says,
Alright, also, I hear the sequel got another season.
Yeah, I heard that, too.
That's kind of one reason I bring it up is that, you know,
a lot of those revivals of old shows, some of well, I shouldn't say a lot of them.
Some of actually quite a few of them have done very well.
The Roseanne without Roseanne is like still going.
There's the Will and Grace was on for several seasons there.
There's a lot of shows that come back and they do pretty well.
But yeah, Fifth Dream says too much plot, not enough action.
Maybe Questbuster with the suggestion
a scum like adventure based on Quantum Leap would be neat.
Now you're talking now you're talking like a more text based, not text based,
but, you know, old school 90s PC, King's Quest, LucasArts, RPG in Quantum Leap.
Hell yeah. Now now we're talking.
Let fucking not telltale games, but I guess they are telltale games again.
But the people that are making games
like the old telltale games, let them do a Quantum Leap game.
Hell yeah. I'd rather see that than Jurassic Park.
Anyway, I don't know.
I'll take I'll take a scum based Seinfeld game
because I already know that someone's made that concept and it looked hilarious.
Bobby Black Wolf with the realistic answer saying licensing, which, yeah,
but, you know, NBC, NBC, Comcast, Universal should license more of their stuff.
Isn't Jurassic Park or Universal?
I guess it's based on a book, though, so maybe that one end up a little different.
But hell, if you if you were to open that up, you could have a saved
by the Bell video game you could have.
You can have all sorts of things.
Anyway, I mean, they made a high school musical game, so why not?
Why not? Exactly. That's exactly my point.
If these crappy things can have video games, why can't Quantum Leap?
Tigerclaw points out there was an article on Eurogamer in 2021
that says someone should make a game about Quantum Leap.
Well, somebody and I over on that website are on the same wavelength then.
All right. Let's talk about the games we know are coming out or in some cases
did come out. Let's talk a little bit about that Microsoft developer direct
that's kind of taken over the headlines this week as our first topic for tonight.
Loki, do you want to talk about this? Did you watch it?
I must admit, I was able to watch it.
Just a quick aside.
My dad had surgery this week, and although it went well,
there was a complication that caused us to go to the ER that same night.
He's fine. Everything is is but it's just it was a bumpy road to get there.
So my point is I was a little removed from some of this this week
and I didn't watch this live.
I didn't really do catching up on gaming news
until the weekend with other stuff going on.
I'm sure you all can understand no one's going to fault me.
But just to put that in perspective, so I didn't watch this live.
I just kind of caught up on the cliff notes.
I'm I'm not sure if I'm assuming Jamie doesn't usually watch
the Microsoft stuff live, but Loki, I don't know if you did.
I didn't watch it live.
I knew it was coming and I forgot what time it was on.
I watched it after part of it after the fact.
Only the beginning of it.
So they showed off.
Was it a new trailer?
It was kind of boring.
It was really boring.
At least this trailer was for Minecraft Legends showing off
the the PvP 4v4 mode that they have, which.
May. OK, cool.
So there's that.
And then they announced the date that's coming out, which is April 18th.
So it'll be part of Game Pass.
That's probably going to be the way I'll check it out.
I'm not buying that it.
Like I said, this has the Fallout 76
feel to me, the more you wait.
No, actually, it wasn't Fallout 76 Elder Scrolls Online.
It was the more I saw of that game, the less I wanted to play it.
And the same with Minecraft Legends.
The more I see of this, the less I want to play it.
It just doesn't look interesting.
They had a little bit of a kind of
preview of Forza Motorsports,
which is, I guess, you know, kind of
not incrementing the numbers anymore, kind of rebooting, I guess, if you will.
And looks cool.
They've, you know, really stepping up like the different physics
as far as like paint and even just the, you know,
car physics themselves and the damage models, dirt accumulation,
like, you know, all that like intricate stuff that's just like
way too detailed.
But, you know, at this point, like the cars look like cars.
You got to get to that in unnecessary detail.
IRL stuff we take for granted.
I know. Why is like realistic dirt so funny to me?
I don't know why.
If I want to see like blood, you know,
bug splat physics and stuff like that, that's what they need to do in there.
You know what would be funnier is like, I would love to see something like this,
but like from like, say, a Cruzan USA game, you know, like,
you know, just a ridiculous thing because Cruzan is just absolutely unrealistic.
But they could talk about the physics of like the deer exploding
when you hit it and stuff like that.
We've made the Gibbs that much more
so much more fidelity.
He's some spy. What was that?
What was that super realistic?
Carmageddon, was that what it was called?
The one that ended up on a congressman watch list and things like that.
That's what you want.
You want Carmageddon or something like that, don't you want a Carmageddon?
But it's like, I think it would be funny to have like one of these games
that's just like absolutely the total opposite side of the spectrum,
like putting out a video like this, talking about the details.
It's just like it'd be funny.
But yeah, it looks really cool.
Sick, very sick.
They said it was at 20 tracks, 50 cars,
800 different upgrades to those cars, something that.
And then they showed off a brand new kind of a surprise game
called Hi-Fi Rush, which was a rhythm focus character action game,
kind of looked reminded me a little bit of Sunset Overdrive.
And that was a thing that actually I believe came out that day.
It sure did.
So that that looked pretty cool.
They talked a little bit about actually, can we go back to Hi-Fi Rush
for a minute, because I actually played it a little bit.
So it's it's pretty cool.
It reminds me a little bit of like, I know a lot of people were
comparing it to Jet Set Radio Future because of the art style
and the fact that it's a music game.
But the way it plays is not like that at all.
I would call it Beatenetta because it's like Bayonetta or Devil May Cry,
but with rewards for beat matching,
which also is not particularly unique to a game.
I want to say it's very I want to say this game was probably when they
when they came up with coming up with this game or whatever.
They were probably like, what if we did Crypt of the Necro Dancer?
But we did it like Devil May Cry.
And that's where this game came from, pretty much.
But it's it's I mean, especially for a surprise release with no buildup.
I love the art style in it is so, so good.
And it actually it has a really good sense of humor.
Like the voice acting in the game is really good.
And it's got like a really like cute, funny plot to it.
So, yeah, I'm I'm like super into this game.
And it was it's for a stealth release.
It's great.
So it's definitely worth a look if you're like on Game Pass or whatever.
And I'm glad because I know a lot of people kind of been talking about
how like Game Pass is like not had stuff to look forward to
or whatever for the past few months, you know,
because they've been removing my Steam wish list.
Yeah, but this this game is great.
I think I think you might like this Dark Sakura.
I think you would.
Well, no, it's like I said, it's been on my Steam wish list for a while.
What? This game?
It just came out this week.
No, it just came out this week with no fanfare.
No, there was a Steam thing on there.
Hold on. Maybe I'm thinking of a different one with similar graphics.
It did come out on Steam, but there was no fanfare for this.
They literally announced it on Wednesday or whatever.
And they were like, it's out today.
This game has been on my Steam wish list, not Xbox.
Nothing having to do with it.
Just that I think it looks like a good game and it's on my wish list.
Oh, yeah. No, that's what I was saying.
Gotcha. I thought you said it had been on it.
Like I was like, wait, but it's only been out. I got it.
But yeah, I mean, the game is a lot of fun.
And the licensed music, like it has like Nine Inch Nails,
Perfect Drug, which is really cool. Love that song.
You know, it's just lots of neat stuff in it.
And I thought it was very smart.
They did a streamer friendly mode for the game to encourage people to stream it.
Everybody knows because this game is a like shadow drop release,
basically unannounced comes out of nowhere.
In fact, I noticed that the icon on my desktop to launch
the game is still called Hibiki, which is not the name of the game.
It's called Hi-Fi Rush.
So I think this game was such a shadow drop with little fanfare.
They accidentally left the project name or the code name in the files.
I'm wrong. I'm wrong.
It was a different game on my wish list.
OK, OK.
Bomb Rush Cyber Funk, which is like a Jet Set Radio clone.
Oh, interesting. Yeah. Hmm.
But but yeah.
So Hi-Fi Rush, I absolutely would say, I mean, if you have Game Pass,
this was a great little thing to sweeten the pot with this this week, that's for sure.
Let's see. And oh, Mike Deft thought of it in chat, too.
I was just looking at the chat here, catching up a little bit.
Dr. T in chat over twitch.tv slash vog network says,
I was loving Hi-Fi Rush for the most part.
Then I hit a wall on one of the rhythm based sections.
I wonder, I actually don't know the answer to this.
Can you tone down the difficulty in the middle of it?
Because I'm playing on normal,
but I'm willing to drop it down to easy if I need to clear a section.
So I'm not I'm not sure.
Maybe so.
And SSG100 Matt does point out the ever important.
You get to pet the cat.
Yes, you do. Yes, you do.
Anyway, sorry, but I just I since I did play it a little bit and I think this game.
Here's the thing. Sorry, I don't mean to harp too much on this, but I think it's important.
Another game with a lot of fanfare came out this week, and that's Square Enix's
Fourspoken, right?
They've been really putting a lot of money into promoting that.
And they had the demo that came out.
And it's been landing to mixed reviews.
Now, I I don't have a horse in this race.
I don't have a PS5.
I can't even play it if I wanted to.
I haven't played it myself.
I don't know if it you know, I saw that clip float around the Internet
of the scene of the voice acting that people were criticizing.
And I did not think it was as bad as people were making it out to be.
And I think I think there's a tell in there, but I digress.
If the game is bad, the game is bad.
That's, you know, the what it is at the end of the day.
But I just that is a, they've been hyping it for months and months and
months, $70, you know, preorder it, get it out there game.
And then this shows up pretty much the same day, $30 or game pass or, you
know, whatever.
And you can grab it and now and now everybody's streaming this one.
Whereas the other one, Square Enix is paying people to stream it.
I don't think that's happening here.
So it's it's a very interesting yin and yang happening this week.
And again, I'm not trying to dog on the other game.
I'm just saying hey, from my perspective sitting here, this is
really interesting how this one is really dominating the conversation
because it was a shadow release that you know, even if you don't have
game pass is half as much on Steam, basically.
So anyway.
See other things that you talked about Elder Scrolls Online is
getting yet another piece of DLC.
So they are going to be introducing Necrom, which is taking place, I
guess, on an Eastern Morrowind and also introducing a new class of the
Arcanist and yeah, it looks pretty cool.
Still, I don't know.
I'm probably should give Elder Scrolls Online a try again.
I've tried giving this game a try and I got, I'm not into it.
Like I've tried, but maybe I, you know what?
I just I'm not into the Elder Scrolls universe at all.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't love it as much as Alan or even like Loki probably
does, but I tried to do I bought it when it first came out.
Actually, when it was on the Guild Wars model where you just
bought the game and no, we had a monthly fee at first, right?
I think I bought the game and like paid for a month or something
because I remember playing it before, but I just I couldn't
get into it.
But I know people that play it that really love it.
So, yeah, then they showed off some gameplay of Redfall, which
is their new game by Arkane Studios, Austin, and kind of
a vampire FPS type thing.
So they did a little bit of a deep dive there.
It's supposed to be coming out May 2nd and I think that was it.
Yeah, I don't know if this last game, the Redfall is super
up my alley, but it looks nice.
Like, you know, the artwork is very good and the graphics
and all that stuff.
It's, you know, it's very good looking.
Arkane makes good games with Dishonored and stuff.
So, I mean, yeah, it'd be worth checking out.
I don't know.
Yeah, we'll see.
Some other comments coming into chat.
QuestBuster saying I'd give ESO a try, but there's so much
to get caught up on on this point.
You know, there's a lot of MMOs that kind of have that problem, right?
Yeah.
I will say, having flirted with Warcraft again, even though
my sub is gone now, but for the month or two I was playing
it, I will say the catch up model they put in that game kind
of works really well.
Is that basically it's like for you to level from level one.
No, they have a starting area that takes you from one to
ten, and then you can pick any prior expansion or even float
between them if you want to get from ten to, I think, 60,
which was the old cap.
And then you go to Dragonflight to do the new cap 60 to 70.
I thought that was a smart way to do it because you can
kind of taste whatever expansion you want to do, you know,
and then do it that way.
So and then let's see.
Pelehatome on chat says I put like 100 hours into ESO and
then suddenly burned out.
QuestBuster says I remember being in the beta and it was
in rough shape, but it's really improved from what I understand.
So, yeah, some comments from chat.
Now, here's my question.
What did you think of the event as a whole?
Because we don't usually see a lot of directs like this where
it's they did a few games, and they did a real deep dive on
those games and spent like seven, eight minutes on each
game, as opposed to quick hit two minute trailers for a
bunch of things.
This was more of like a deep dive type of thing.
And, you know, Bobby had a comment that is, you know, in
line with where a lot of gamers are at in chat at twitch.tv
slash vog network saying, we wish we got more deeper dives
instead of just a pre rendered trailer does a deeper dive.
Man, that was boring.
Why couldn't that just been a trailer?
So is this just another case of gamers?
Gamers hate everything.com or what is it?
I guess it depends what their expectations are.
Like, I think when people hear Xbox Bethesda showcase, they
think of like E3 showcase type thing when this is more in
line of like, say, a state of play type thing that EA would
or not EA of Sony would do or something like that.
To be fair, they called it developer direct, which I don't
think I've ever heard him use before.
But I also completely understand.
And we've talked about this before, too.
Perception is everything.
You can call it deep dive on four game showcase.
People are still going to perceive it as something something
in this industry that happens all the time, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, it's just like the where Nintendo come out with
like their indie showcases.
Like, listen, we are not showing Zelda.
We're not showing Zelda.
Don't expect Zelda.
Zelda will not be here.
We're not showing Zelda.
And then, like, you know, people say, why didn't they show
Zelda? Well, this might be the first E3 or that time period,
summer time period where we don't get gamers that fucking
say that because a Zelda game will have just come out in May.
You know, someone's still going to say it, but you would be
showing off a new Zelda.
You would think any gamer that fucking knows anything about
anything is going to be like, okay, they're not going to
announce a Zelda this summer right after they just released,
you know, Tears of the Kingdom.
Where's my Zelda maker?
Why aren't they showing Zelda maker?
No, now it'll be where's Metroid Prime 4?
That's going to be the new.
Where's Metroid Prime?
Did you know Metroid Prime 4 was rebooted four years ago?
Where is Metroid Prime 4?
I'm hoping that they do a remaster of 0gx, but, you know,
because that's been rumored for a while now, too.
Don't play with my heartstrings.
Who's right now?
Who's really that?
Who's TikTok is rumoring that you can say anything you want
on that platform.
No one's going to fact check you.
Literally, I swear to God.
All right, so I guess that's really it for the developer
recap, but is there anything that you kind of wish they'd
showed that they didn't show?
Like, obviously for me, you know, but I'm not saying this
is a negative against Microsoft.
I think they did a fine job.
I think if you listen to what they said, they set the
expectation where they set the expectation.
I think on top of that, they shadow released a hell of a
game that's now dominating the conversation this week.
Like I said, even above some games that have been hyped for
months and months.
And I think this HiFi Rush's release is going to change the
conversation on how some games are marketed.
It really is.
Not every game can get away with this, but this one can.
By the way, can I just say how wild is it on HiFi Rush?
This is specifically the studio that did, like, the Evil
Within did this.
Like, I'm sure there's people out there going, where's Evil
Within 3?
And I get it.
You want sequels to the games you love.
But then when you see stuff like this come out of it, it's
like, okay, but isn't it cool when a studio can, like, do
whatever they want to do?
Because you would have had this if they just went right into
making Evil Within 3, right?
I guess, yeah.
What I would like, I mean, like, just with Mojang, can you
please show me what you're doing with Minecraft, please?
Anything?
Like, we've been seeing trailers for Minecraft Legends.
It's like, okay, I don't want to see that.
Can you show me what you're doing with mainline Minecraft?
Because, like, what we get out of them lately, like, their
new thing that they showed off in a snapshot is armor trims.
It's literally, like, a stripe of color on armor.
That they've been working on this for two years, you guys.
The idea of putting a stripe on some armor, that's two years
in the making.
And it's like, okay, can you just show me what you're working
on? Like, what is the general, like,
It's Minecraft Legends.
Everybody's working on that.
Was it general?
Oh, exactly.
It was a general theme of, like,
Wouldn't it just be a simple texture and color assignment?
It is, but they have, it's sort of, not exactly.
So it is, they have to re-basically build the way the
armor is structured, like, tag-wise and everything.
They have to redesign, like, the different workstations to
allow for this new type of thing.
They're just retooling some of that stuff.
But it seems like it's such a minor thing.
It's like, excuse.
They spent a lot of time this week telling us about, like,
how excited, and people are, some people are excited about
it because, like, oh, cool, I can customize stuff.
But, like, it doesn't make a huge difference.
Like, it really doesn't.
It's just rebalancing stuff.
But if that doesn't tell me what the next update's about,
it just tells me that this is a thing that they're working
on that's totally independent from everything else.
But we still don't know what that is because, like,
we have, like, okay, there's these armor trims and we've
got bookshelves and we've got camels and we've got signs
that are hanging and we've got this prehistoric six-legged
turtle thing that sniffs up seeds.
What the heck does that have to do with anything?
It's just such a random assortment of things.
It's just like, here's all the stuff that we're working on
that we really don't have a place to fit it.
We're just going to put that all into an update.
But things that are, like, people have been asking for,
like stairs and slabs for concrete, for example, that is
literally something that they have the model built in.
They have the structures to be able to put this in the game.
All they literally would have to do is create the item.
The textures are already in the game.
The models are in the game.
It's just, it's literally setting up data.
It would take one person maybe an afternoon to do that,
but they don't do that because of course not.
It's just weird stuff.
I would have liked to have seen Fable, to be honest.
Yes.
That's the one I would have liked to see.
But I also understand, you know, like, again, I'm not shitting
on what they did show.
I thought it was fine, but yeah.
So, all right.
This sometimes happens.
While we're trying to do a show, but apparently we have
breaking news that's coming in.
We have breaking news right now that's coming in from the
chat. Of course, it's unsourced breaking news.
I'd like to know where this is coming from, but I'm trusting
the person who says it.
But apparently, oops, not the intro.
Apparently, Alan is saying that TwitchCon 2023 is in Vegas.
That that has just happened.
I did not see anything on the official TwitchCon Twitter or
Twitch Twitter.
So source, please look at their webpage.
I didn't.
So maybe that's where it's coming from.
But I'm just asking.
I'm asking Alan where the source is.
So we'll try to find that.
But let's say it's true.
How do you feel about that?
How would you feel about a TwitchCon?
It's not on their website yet.
Yeah.
Alan, did you get duped and share it with us?
I think he did.
He's not talking now.
Um, no, I saw this floating around like a month ago.
I mean, Vegas is a big convention town.
So it wouldn't be it wouldn't exactly be surprising.
I will say this Final Fantasy Fan Fest was in Vegas.
They were going to move to San Diego, but that was for the
2020 Fan Fest.
And we all know what happened to 2020.
So now they're going back to Vegas.
So I mean, it you do have conventions that ping pong a
little bit between like San Diego and Vegas and TwitchCon
has not always been in San Diego.
TwitchCon has moved around.
They've gone Long Beach.
They've been San Francisco.
So it's plausible that they could be going to Vegas.
I'm not going to believe anything until it's posted on
their website.
All right.
So Bobby is saying allegedly, the Pasqui Hotel reservation
got leaked.
And that is what is leading to this wildfire.
And there it is.
Alan is linking us the Pasqui.
Okay, so this is coming from pasqui.com.
And it does say TwitchCon Las Vegas, October 20th, 2023 to
October 22nd, 2023.
Okay, I'm willing to give this a lot more credit now because
I would not see something like this on pasqui.com.
And this is not some viral site.
This is, you know, a handmade site, but I would not see
something like that on pasqui.com if there wasn't something
to that.
So interesting.
But yes, Dark Soccer is probably right.
You should wait for the official announcement because dates
could still shift around until this is released to the public.
A lot of this can still change.
But thank you.
This is definitely now a where there's smoke, there's fire
type of situation.
So interesting.
I think Vegas is a great place for TwitchCon.
You're not going to have the problem about hotels or trying
to get around or anything like that.
Vegas is built to have conventions.
I would be curious where they're having it.
Are they having it at the actual convention center, which
is pretty big?
Or are they going to have it at one of the hotel convention
centers, which every hotel there is built to have a mid size
to huge convention.
I've been to conventions at not Treasure Island.
What's the other one?
Mirage.
And that was actually I think they're bulldozing the Mirage
though. So maybe that's not where it's going to be.
Who else had Paris?
The Paris had Fan Fest one year.
It was pretty good.
The Rio had Fan Fest a couple years.
I didn't like that one because it was off the strip.
That one's a little harder to get to because it's not on
the same line as the rest.
So interesting.
Wow.
Alan is saying, according to the same site, Pasqui could
show up on Tuesday for that.
That's wild.
Yeah, I'm with Bobby.
I'm going to black out the days anyway, just so I don't
schedule something else.
I get to do that when you go back to work.
That is Halloween.
And that is the season when I do a lot of hosting stuff.
So we'll see what happens.
Interesting.
Interesting.
All right.
Anyway, there's your breaking news.
Thank you, Alan.
And thank you for sourcing that.
I appreciate it.
Okay, let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks, the
types of video games that we have been playing this week.
So Dark Soccer, I'll go to you.
How is your gaming week?
I played Star Ocean.
I've played Dead by Daylight.
I finally made Eerie 1, a survivor.
Um, that means I can fuck around and find out.
No, I just got to fuck around.
I don't care about finding out anything.
I've played my stupid word game.
I've been playing a lot of Midnight Suns on my own now that
I'm not limited to streaming it.
So that's all.
All right, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It's all Minecraft still.
I finished building trees on the SMP now and basically
getting footage together to edit another episode together.
Although I should have done my modded series more.
I suppose I've made an episode in that sooner, but whatever.
Nothing matters because no one sees it.
It's fine.
All right, my gaming week.
I pretty much already talked about one of the big new games
I played this week, which is HiFi Rush.
I talked about that in the earlier segment where that was
relevant. Again, if the concept of a beatonetta game, Bayonetta
meets a beatmatching game, if that sounds attractive to you,
then you definitely should check out this game, especially
if you have Game Pass.
You know, it's one of those things where it's like, you're
paying for Game Pass.
Anyway, go check it out.
As far as other games I've been playing this week, Final Fantasy
XIV, still on that.
I tried to get a medium house in the lottery, but I didn't
win the medium house.
Boo.
Oh, well, I've also been playing Dead by Daylight, actually.
I prestiged finally Quentin and I got his Adept.
So, yeah, I did all that in one go.
Thank you.
Because his perks are very kind of situational.
Although I like his pharmacy perk.
I like that's very kind of stealthy because that's how you
can go into the match without an item and still get the
item. Hattie has a really good perk for flashlight bullies
on the same line, but I'm more of a healer than a flash.
I can't.
I can't flash my save to save my life.
So Hattie's perk is a pain in the ass.
Yeah.
So let's see, outside of Dead by Daylight, I did play one
other new game this week.
Let's talk about Niantic's new game that also released this
week.
So Niantic is the studio, of course, that brought us Pokemon
Go.
I've talked about other games that they've made, like Ingress,
Pikmin Bloom is one I quite enjoy.
And this week that same studio brought us NBA All World is
the game that they came out with.
And they've pretty much openly said in interviews, they're
trying to go for an audience that doesn't really go for
their games otherwise.
That sports game fans and sports game enthusiasts and Pokemon
have like a 10% overlap.
I think they threw that statistic out in one of their
interviews.
So they're trying to reach a new audience with this NBA All
World game.
Basically, in the game, you can go around in the places that
would normally be Pokestops would drop like items such as
XP up or new shoes or a different type of basketball.
And you also encounter players in the wild like they're
Pokemon.
That's the funniest part is that NBA players are now Pokemon.
So you encounter them in the wild and you basically it's
literally 1v1 me, bro.
That's what you do.
But it's a little more intricate of a game than in Pokemon
Go, how you just throw the ball and try to catch it.
In this one, you might do a shot drill like who can get the
most shots and so forth.
You might do it around the world type of thing.
Or you might actually do like a 1v1 type of minigame.
And this is also what you do when you want to take control
of the court, which is akin to Pokemon Go's gyms.
Now, because the Niantic Wayfarer and Waypoint and the
database of all their points of interest is pretty robust
at this point.
They've actually made it so that actual basketball courts,
whether they're at your public park or wherever they are,
actual basketball courts are basketball courts in the game.
And you basically fight to take control of them.
However, the basketball courts are occupied by bots at the
beginning of the week, and you want to be there longer than
anybody else.
So if you want to be at the top of the board, you have to
dethrone 10 bots to do it.
Here's the thing.
There's a lot about NBA World conceptually that I like.
I think they did take the Pokemon Go formula and tried to
make it a little more attractive to an audience that isn't
interested in Pokemon Go otherwise, like sports game fans,
like I get what they're going for.
But for this game, unlike Pokemon Go, unlike Pikmin, I feel
like the places of interest and the AR gaming element is
secondary to the basketball game that you play in it, which
to some people would be a very attractive point.
I get that.
But that also means that the basketball game in it has to
be good.
And the little mini basketball game that you play in it to
take control of a court, it gets repetitive real fast.
Do you throw the basket or the ball in the basket like the
Pokeballs?
No, it's not anything like that.
Basically, it's you versus another player.
It's a bot, really.
And you can move left or right and you can tap to juke or
you can hold to move, basically.
And then you kind of do that or you can move forward.
And if you get close to the basket, your character will try
to slam dunk it.
Or you can do like a shot thing from the three point range
where a little meter goes up and down and you try to release
it right at the point.
And if the other player didn't block, then you might score.
It's a very rudimentary, like old school 90s type of
basketball game, I guess, which is fine.
But I'm just going to be completely honest.
It sucks to play on a cell phone because we're back in the
classic problem, the classic problem that Niantic ought to
know better when it comes to developing cell phone games,
because they've been one of the only successful developers
to buck the trend.
And that is when you make a cell phone game, you want to
make you experience that's uniquely cell phone.
You don't want to shoehorn a console experience into a
mobile game.
That's the biggest problem with NBA All World.
It is a mediocre at best, really repetitive basketball
game that honestly ends up not being fun to play after a
certain amount of time because you're trying to move left
or no, I'm trying to juke.
Oops, I moved.
Oh, it thought my tap was a hold.
It controls like ass.
So I like a lot of cell phone games that aren't
intentionally meant to be cell phone games kind of do.
Like, I don't know why this game doesn't control better.
It's not fun to play.
I'm trying to have faith because a lot of the Niantic
games have gotten better with time.
I think Pikmin Bloom a year on is in a way better place
than it even was when it launched.
Pokemon Go has grown a lot in the years it's been out.
Some would say for the worse.
But when you consider year zero to, like, let's say right
before the pandemic, if you compare 2016 Pokemon Go to 2020
early 2020 Pokemon Go, I think you'd go, yeah, this game is
a lot better than it was when it first came out.
Some of the changes they've made since then, I understand
where people are upset.
I think NBA All World, if it doesn't really start to mix
up that experience and maybe have there be more of a point
to the AR end of things, I think it's going to fizzle out
real quick.
Sorry to say, because I want to support the Niantic stuff.
I love AR games, but I'm not going to make believe that I
enjoy this game more than I actually do, which is I don't
really feel like playing that fucking 1v1 game 10 times
while standing at the basketball court in the park just
to get some extra items that are probably going to fall out
of my inventory anyway, because the inventory system in the
game is laughably limited.
Laughably.
Like, what?
It's a cheap money grab to try to get you to expand your
bag space right off the bat.
When the initial release of the game, and I think it might
have fixed it since then, doesn't even warn you that you're
about to hit the cap.
Oh, by the way, if you try to claim items from an achievement,
those items go straight in the garbage.
You don't even have a chance to say, oh, let me get rid of
something else so I can claim these more rare items from an
achievement.
That really ticked me off.
So that part of it, like, yikes.
So do I recommend the NBA All World?
Not right now.
But maybe in a few months, unless you, like, love basketball.
And look, I promise you what I'm saying about this game does
not come from a place of, oh, Rob doesn't play sports games.
I guarantee those of you that are into sports games are going
to have the same impressions I had of this.
And I don't hate sports games just because they're sports
games.
In fact, I actually rather like a lot of the arcadey type
of sports games.
If the 1v1 mode was like NBA Jam, but actually controlled
well on a phone, I'd fucking be into that.
I sure would.
But it's not.
It's boring.
So there you go.
That's my review of NBA All World.
ZenMonkey11 says it controls like ass.
Should be in a game review.
If they want to put that on the store, that's fine.
Bobby Black Wolf says, yeah, it's interesting to see that
some kids can only use touch screen technology, either
tablets or phones, put them in front of a keyboard and mouse,
and they freeze up.
I would be shocked if even a child could do what they wanted
to do in this game.
Again, I'm telling you, I'm tapping to juke.
Oops, I moved.
Like, who thought that was a good idea?
Anyway, SG100Matt says I'm waiting for NHL World where
the gameplay is NHL 94.
Well, if the game does well, I'm sure they'll try to partner
with other sports things.
I would be curious what you get at NBA All World if you go
to the actual Golden One Center, which is, you know, I walk
downtown all the time.
I walk by Golden One Center and I know the actual NBA arenas
are like they're programmed to something different in the
game. So I don't know.
Will we get to see the beam, which is the big new thing in
Sacramento when the Kings win?
Light the beam, light the beam.
This is big purple beam.
They shoot up in the sky whenever the Kings win.
We don't get to see it that often, huh?
Actually, the Kings are having a better year than usual.
Like, they're like number three in the league right now.
It's the beam brought them alien space powers that they
didn't otherwise have.
Okay, there it is.
All right.
Anyway, of all the sports balls, basketball is probably
basketball and hockey are definitely my two favorites out
of all the sports balls.
I'm going to go with baseball and rugby.
All right, let's move on.
We'll get into some news.
Let's get into what else happened in the gaming world this
week. We'll go to Loki.
Yep.
So we had a story about League of Legends source code being
hacked. So apparently it is being held ransom right now.
They said that over the weekend, our analysis confirmed
source code for League TFT and Legacy anti-cheat platform
were exfiltrated by the attackers.
Today we received the ransom email.
Needless to say, we won't pay.
Okay.
And they haven't said that right now.
No player data or personal information have been taken.
But they said that the attack would slow down the release
of upcoming patches of its game.
Yeah, because somebody could use that source code pretty
dangerously to make cheats and things for the game.
League of Legends is very well known as a competitive type
of game.
Exploiting the source code for more accurate and under
the radar type of cheats.
That can be a very dangerous and deadly thing for League
of Legends.
Right.
Since the attack, we've been working to assess its impact
on anti-cheat and it'll be prepared to deploy fixes as quickly
as possible if needed.
Yeah.
I mean, considering they have the source for the anti-cheat
as well.
Well, I guess they're Legacy anti-cheat.
Well, good job, hackers.
Now they're going to have to put Denuvo in it.
So good job.
I'm just kidding.
Please.
Not bad.
Yeah, but that's well, I mean, kudos to them.
Putting their foot down and basically saying no, like we're
not, like we're not giving into ransom period and like making
that very explicit.
I mean, that's, it's a dangerous thing to do because I'm
sure that they'll just put it out.
Like, you know, they've got nothing to lose in that situation.
Yeah, or someone will leak the source code.
Then if they figure they can't get any money from it, they'll
just put it public.
I'm sure everybody will have access to their anti-cheat stuff.
Yeah.
So yeah, I was gonna say the worst that can happen, the
anti-cheat stuff happens.
You could also, I mean, if the source code were to get out
there, then hypothetically, people could kind of make their
own League of Legends leagues.
It would be frozen in time, so to speak, you know, it would
never get updated again, but you could use the current state
of the source code to basically make like a League of Legends
that would run on a different server set, right?
If, if that, for all I know, you know, hackers going to hack
that already exists for all I know, right?
Private servers for MMOs, right?
We know things like, you know, back in the day, Phantasy
Star Online, Blue Burst, and all that had fucking private
servers.
Wow, had private servers.
Eleven still has private servers.
I'm sure 14 has private servers.
I just don't know about them.
You know, most MMOs have private servers.
I'm sure League of Legends is actually probably no different.
I'm just not embedded in the community enough to know about
them, but this is going to make that a lot stronger too in
that whole scene.
But I mean, if League of Legends is a really competitive
game, this might also be one of those, if a tree falls in
the middle of the woods, does anyone actually hear it?
Because if you're the king of the hill on a private server,
who cares?
It's not the real deal, right?
It matters to those people on the private server, but not
to the League community as a whole, likely.
Again, I'm not super embedded in the League community, so
I can't profess to know, but I would imagine that it doesn't
really matter if you're king of the hill on a private server.
Anyway, all right.
Maybe a game that you will be more competitive on that will
get people to notice would be Advance Wars, the remake, if
this ever actually comes out.
But it does seem like a recent listing for Walmart, and it
doesn't end there.
Best Buy, Amazon Canada, EB Games.
They are now relisting Advance Wars 1 plus 2 reboot.
You may remember this collection was originally announced
for the Nintendo Switch, and then it was bumped back.
It was originally announced in December 2021, but it was
pushed back indefinitely because of Russia's military invasion
of Ukraine, and some of the storyline in Advance Wars hits
a little close to home with that whole topic.
So for the game to have come out when it was originally
scheduled, Nintendo felt, reading the room, that it would
have been in poor taste.
Even though that conflict is still going on a year from now,
perhaps Nintendo is reading the room that people are just
immune to it now, or they're not going to feel it's in poor
taste or whatever it is.
They're possibly going to be releasing the game sooner if
these retail listings are to be believed.
It's showing up at the retail sites, but we don't know when.
I'm not seeing a win on these sites, just that the entry is
showing back up on these sites, which would indicate that a
release is coming in the somewhat near future.
It could be something that's all the way at the holiday, for
all we know.
It could be a stealth release during the next Nintendo Direct.
It could be a lot of things, so you just have to wait and
see, I suppose.
DarkTitsia in chat says, I'd imagine Nintendo's first direct
of 2023 might give us the date for Advance Wars 1 and 2,
especially if we're seeing these listings all pop up.
Yes, probably that or E3, I imagine.
And when I say E3, E3 means not just actual E3 because we
really don't know what that's going to look like this year.
I use E3 on this show now to mean the summer announcement
period, and not E3 included.
Summer Game Fest, all of it, June.
sj100matt says, I've been excited for this Advance Wars
reboot, but yeah, totally get why they delayed it.
sj100matt, do you think it matters now?
Do you think people are going to say, oh, and I open this up
to anyone, not just Matt, that oh, now, even though there's
still a war going on that Russia did start with Ukraine,
it's not finished.
In fact, it's only getting more complicated, actually.
But just due to the length of time, we just don't care now?
I'd be curious.
sj100matt does say, I do wonder how much additional polish
they've done with it being delayed a year.
Part of me hopes they balance things because the game was
pretty unbalanced to some points.
You know, that's another pretty good point, though, is that
this delay has allowed them to go back and, you know, polish
things up a little bit, get the dirt off the car, so to speak,
with the game and release it in a tip top shape.
It'd be interesting.
We'll see.
Matt goes on to continue, I think the blow has been softened.
Does it make it any less right in the scope of things,
releasing it out?
Yeah, or releasing it now?
Yeah, I mean, for me, like, it's not like Nintendo started
the situation that's going on.
You know, sometimes art imitates life in unintended ways.
And I don't think anybody's going to go, God, Nintendo,
what a tacky ass thing to do, right?
Well, actually, the way social media is these days, maybe.
They put out Call of Duty Modern Warfare, so Modern Warfare 2,
so I don't really think that, you know...
If anyone critically thinks about it for a few moments,
they'll realize this is a remake of a game that was out
a long time ago before any of this.
So, and as Joe and Hunter Matt points out, other war games
have come out since the conflict has started.
So, all right, moving on.
Let's go to a different type of game.
Dark Sakura.
For people who are into leaked footage, over 10 minutes of
some early Horizon multiplayer gameplay has been leaked
on Reddit.
Funny enough, they said that the post was deleted,
but on the link that I clicked, I could still see it,
even though it said deleted post.
But they said that the footage is from an old alpha build
from summer 2020 that was the Horizon Forbidden West alpha
that was, you know, going around.
And another person who actually had knowledge of the project
believed that the footage and art was authentic.
Guerrilla did confirm in December they're planning to,
and I quote, expand the world of Horizon with an online co-op
with a cast of new characters, and that they were planning
for a trilogy of Horizon games.
So it's not unbelievable what this footage might be,
which by the way, I did save it.
But I mean, I don't know why the alpha footage would cause
such a big deal, but it has to be from concepts that are
going to be coming out or, you know, company secrets.
I don't know, but it looks good.
It looks pretty.
I'm also choosing not to play it now in case there are
takedown requests going on.
I don't want to jeopardize the archive, but it's on the
Internet. It's out there.
If you know where to look, you'll find it.
Find it eventually.
But I liked Horizon.
I haven't played Forbidden West yet.
I keep waiting to get a PS5.
But actually, quick aside, PS5s are showing up in the wild.
I keep saying I'm not going to get one until I can walk
into Target and buy one.
Well, guess what?
I checked the Target app the other day and PS5s are, like,
in stock locally, but not at the one I usually shop at.
So that saved me so far.
But now I'm also at the point.
Have you all heard those rumors?
A refresh in April or so.
Now I'm kind of like, I don't want to get one until, like,
the game I have to play is out.
Yeah.
Bobby says, I just heard Rob moving the goalpost.
Absolutely.
You did.
Absolutely.
You did.
Because if I don't move the goalpost, I'm going to tell you
what's going to happen.
I'm going to go buy one of those things at Target tomorrow.
And then literally the next day, Sony's going to be like,
we're doing a direct and we're announcing the PS5 slim.
There's also keep in mind the whole smoke there's fire things.
Haven't they already identified that there's a disk drive
available out in the wild that's meant to be sold separately
with a possible digital refresh?
Because the disk drive doesn't work with the current digital
only system.
So something's being cooked up out there.
The question is, is it before Final Fantasy 16?
Or is it a holiday release?
We'll see.
Didier Ramirez says, I'll preorder Final Fantasy 7 Remake
part two, but I'll still wait on the PlayStation 5 Remake.
Yeah, that's going to be another.
Like, is Final Fantasy 7 Re...
I forgot the name of it.
Not remake, but Re...
What's the second part called?
Not recoded.
Re...
Revolution.
What is it called?
The second part of the remake has a subtitle.
Is that this holiday as well?
Is it Rebirth?
That's it.
Thank you.
Rebirth.
Oh, which is I'm trying not to spoil for those that still
haven't played the Final Fantasy 7 Remake.
But like, Rebirth is a very appropriate subtitle.
Just saying.
Have not played through all of it yet, but it's fine.
It's fine.
It's my own fault if I get spoiled for me at this point.
Because I'm about to blurt it out.
But I'm not going to.
I don't care.
But one of these days, it's just going to fall out my mouth.
All right.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Oh, Rama says they did say Winter 2023.
Holy moly.
That'll be...
Oh, this is going to be such a big year for games.
All right.
Anyway, unfortunately, even though we are looking at a very
big year in games, this story is having a part two this week,
which is unfortunate, right, Loki?
Yeah.
So more layoffs in the...
Well, in this case, it's the games journalism portion
of the industry.
So the Washington Post was visited by CEO, entrepreneur,
born in 1964, Jeffrey Bezos.
And he came in and said, uh-uh, we're not doing no more
gaming anymore.
We're down to that.
We're print media.
And obviously behind the times with stuff.
So they laid off a good portion of the staff, including
what they said, 30 vacancies, and that will go unfulfilled
and 20 staff who no longer have jobs.
And so they're saying that they're going to be cutting
different sections out.
But yeah, the gaming section would be one that is...
Why doesn't he cut his salary?
That...
He needs his billions of dollars.
No, he doesn't.
I'm sorry.
When he comes out and says we're a print journalism.
Look, I understand.
I respect.
Print is a great thing to have in your hands and so forth.
But it's very not forward thinking.
Bobby had a comment.
It was actually on a different story.
Here it is.
Bobby said earlier in chat, yeah, it's interesting to see
that some kids can only use touchscreen technology, either
tablets or phones, put them in front of a keyboard and mouse
and they freeze up.
I've seen some babies toddlers try to swipe and zoom a
magazine.
Yeah, I've seen the stories too and talking about like, even
like, people of like, this generation who are now getting
into the workforce who have never had computers and stuff
being confused, basically being like kind of how we would
see, oh, hey, that those those older people at the job.
They don't know anything about computers and stuff.
But it's like that now.
I don't know if that's necessarily the same, though.
Like, I know my kids are working with, like, net, not net
books, but they have like Chromebooks and stuff in school.
And I mean, obviously, I'm doing the right thing by raising
them with computers.
But like, yeah, they don't know how to troubleshoot things
like I used to know, because, you know, growing up on a 286
or what, I don't know if that was a 286.
But old computer DOS.
Sometimes those Chromebooks feel like 286 is just to be
clear, they run just as fast.
It's hard to believe that they're actually faster than
that. No, it's, it's like, you know, you don't, you're not
forced to critically, like, solve those problems and stuff.
And so yeah, it's like, you're not going to have those skills.
And honestly, that really does help me in my day to day
stuff. Like, I can, I can critically solve a lot of problems
and technical stuff that nobody else can.
You need to get those kiddos on PC building simulator,
Prompto, Prompto, you need to get them.
I think they have it.
It's just, you know, it's not a fun game they won't play.
No, there's, you know, I don't know, but they know how to,
like, at least use a computer.
My son even accidentally updated to Windows 11.
So I mean, like, he's, they know what they're doing somewhat.
But it's, yeah, I do find it weird that there's people that
don't understand how to do certain things in the workplace,
or like, even just like, regular adults, like, like, like,
our jobs, like most most office jobs, like require knowledge
of Microsoft, the Microsoft Office products, you know, like,
you should know how to use Excel.
There are people that have been in like, some of these
companies for years that don't know how to use Excel.
And I'm like, how do you not know how to use Excel?
It is literally one of the job requirements.
You literally have had training on it multiple times.
How do you not know how to do this?
Because they don't want to know how to do it.
Exactly.
There's a lot of-
And they think that if they don't learn how to do it,
someone else will do it for them.
And that's what ends up happening.
And that person is unfortunately me.
It's called, I was listening to one of my favorite podcasts
where they were talking about willful stupidity or willful
ignorance like that, where it's easier to say, I don't know
how to do something and feign it, even if they know how to
do it, because then it, it pushes it off on someone else
for them to do.
Yeah, not to go into the complaining about my work,
because I could do that for literally hours.
Um, they, there's a lot of, you'll get a lot of people
saying, well, um, like when you ask them to do something
correctly or to just like slow down to check your work
and stuff, and they literally get, well, I'm busy.
So I'm just going to do things quickly.
Not going to ask questions, not going to check my work.
It's just going to be wrong because I need to get it done.
I'm so glad that that doesn't fly at my work.
It's just, it's ridiculous.
It goes into the people I think that are hired.
I mean, honestly, people, it's become an ingrained part
of society and it needs to be dis-engrained.
There needs to be, you know, let, let them catch the,
the, the consequences for not doing their job.
There are none.
Yeah.
Unfortunately there are none and it's more of a, it's a
culture where those type of people fail upwards.
So, um, Deidre, Deidre on chat says, I had a user come
in and not know how to shut down or restart their laptop.
I swear to you on this.
I told her to reboot and she Google searched how to restart
Windows 10.
And this was a Gen Z-er.
This is not your stereotypical, like, okay, boomer type
of situation.
And let me, let me pair that with Bobby's comment here.
This is shaping up to be the first generation where the
parents know more about how to use computers than their kids.
I do think there's a part of that though, where it's like,
well, probably cause touch screens and that whole thing,
like is going to be the future by the time the kids are in
the working world.
I think a lot of the working tools are going to be more
situated to that platform.
So there's that, but yeah, like, I just keep thinking of
this scene from the, the Star Trek search for Spock.
Were they not that, that one, it was a Star Trek four.
I think it was four.
The one where they went back and got the whales.
The voyage home?
No, I don't think it was.
I don't know.
Yeah, it was Star Trek four where Scotty picks up the mouse
and goes, hello computer.
And then, oh, a keyboard.
How quaint.
I mean, and I want to say like Deidre on mess.
So like, uh, to be fair and I'm going to give major props
here, at least they took it on themselves to Google search
how to do it.
Like, I don't have a problem with someone not knowing
something, it being very obvious, but you'd be surprised
the people that don't, if you don't know something that
they're actually seeking to know the answer, to figure it
out themselves.
And I'm telling you right now that, that, you know, trait
about a person is so rare nowadays.
It's just, it's ridiculous.
So like, yeah, it is stupid that you'd have to do that,
but props for them to like, try to figure it out on their
own.
So absolutely, absolutely, absolutely.
We should acknowledge that they tried.
Absolutely.
Give them a gold star for that.
You tried, but no, I honestly, yes, you're right.
At least that person tried to fix the problem themselves
and research the answer.
We should, we should acknowledge at least that, at least
that.
All right.
Oboe 47, hi, welcome to the station, says transparent
aluminum, or aluminium, depending on where you're from,
was patented before that movie came out.
And Oboe was a really cool Wraith player who killed us all
and then was really nice and came in to my chat.
I went against a Wraith today.
I got out though.
I'm just kidding.
All right.
To which Wraith is old news.
It's all about Sadako now.
All right.
Sjoan Hunter Matt says, congrats, you did the bare minimum.
Yes, very much in that particular case.
All right.
Anyway, so I wanted to go back to the original comment that
started this whole derailment, which was the executives
comment about the layoffs, which still seemed very okay
boomer to me.
Like, he laid off a team that he didn't put any effort into
promoting because he doesn't get it.
Like, he didn't bother to Google.
What is a video game?
If he had Googled, how much money does the gaming industry
make? Did he lay off the Hollywood team?
Because guess what?
Gaming makes more than Hollywood.
Right.
Well, basically, he said we have no, they said that we've
received no clear explanation for why these layoffs had
to happen.
As far as we could tell, they're not financially necessary
or rooted in any coherent business plan from our publisher
who has said he expects the company to be larger a year
from now.
So I guess I don't know.
We're getting to lay all these people off and pay them
severance just to hire them back later.
Is that what we're saying?
I mean, I don't know.
Is he mad at, like, the gaming industry or something?
I mean, you do realize you own Twitch, right?
And Luna.
For now.
Why don't we talk about something that, like, does anyone
remember that Twitch has a cloud, Amazon has a cloud platform?
Does anyone remember that?
Here on Amazon's video game service, video game?
How often does Amazon like to remind you that Luna, like,
exists?
Yes, I know you can go into Prime Gaming and find some
things here and there.
I know there's maybe an ad that gets inserted here and there
as well.
But are they really trying as hard as they ought to?
I just realized I'm doing the period ads without even
thinking about it.
Period.
It just goes to show Amazon is a very siloed company.
All right.
I can't see.
And Chat says, one reason why I didn't go the PC route for
gaming is because of accessibility, sifting through menus,
tweaking, optimization, and upkeep.
And I remember from your story, I think you came in here
from one of Dar Sakura Stadia interviews.
The neat thing about cloud gaming, you know, I don't know
if we're there yet with all of these, but there's a lot of
cloud games you could just pick up and go, right?
You don't have to worry about menus, configuration, or any
of that stuff.
Just pick up and go.
I do think there's going to be more and more cloud gaming in
the future.
I just, you know, Google was the wrong company.
Unfortunately, I think we all recognize that now.
The right tech, but the wrong company.
Anyway, let's see.
Let's move on to another story, which is unfortunately in
the same kind of realm.
But it's an executive who normally I think this guy has
his stuff together.
So I want to dive into these comments a little bit, and this
has to do with Phil Spencer, of course, the head of Xbox.
And this is further comment on 343 Industries and what's
going on with the Halo franchise and all that stuff.
In an interview with IGN, Phil Spencer said, the heart and
soul of Halo is with 343 and the teams that there, and I
have the utmost confidence in the team that's there and
leading and the plan that they have going forward.
This, of course, after 343 last week was per reports hit
hard by Microsoft's company wide layoffs.
We don't know exactly how many employees were let go, but
the Halo Infinite team, according to reporting, did see
significant cuts, which led to some chat online that they
were no longer going to do Halo, to which 343 put out a
brief statement saying, Halo and Master Chief are here to
stay. 343 Industries will continue to develop Halo now and
in the future, including Epic Stories multiplayer and more
of what makes Halo's great.
Phil Spencer said the layoffs were an effort by Microsoft
to position 343 for the future.
What we're doing now is we want to make sure that leadership
team is set up with the flexibility to build the plan that
they need to go build.
Halo will remain critically important to what Xbox is doing
and 343 is critically important to the success of Halo.
Unfortunately, nothing further because a logical follow-up
question you would ask in that case is, okay, so what is next
for Halo?
Phil Spencer said, I'm going to let 343 talk about the plans
that they have right now.
I expect that we'll be continuing to support and grow Halo
for as long as the Xbox is a platform for people to play.
So walking a very safe line there.
I mean, it's kind of a whole lot of nothing.
I understand Phil Spencer's in a weird position.
The one thing I don't like that he said is the whole like
it's positioning the leadership team to move forward with
Halo. How much of this is the leadership team's fault in
the first place?
I realize he can't say that in a public interview with IGN
when he's a publicly traded company.
I just kind of I wonder behind the scenes.
The wonder behind the scenes, that's all.
All right, let's move on to a simpler time in our next
segment. I think it is overdue at this point.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where
I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell
you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And Dark Sakura, what did you pick this week?
Picked words with friends.
For reasons.
Well, I mean, actually, go ahead.
I'll leave my opinion for the end.
Yeah.
Well, I basically I like my word scapes game and I was like,
you know, this all started with Scrabble.
And it made me think about words with friends.
And now we're like on the sequel version or something.
So words with friends was developed by a company called
New Toy published by Zynga.
And it is basically Scrabble that you can play online with
people. There's also a Solitaire mode that I really enjoyed
the Solitaire mode.
That was kind of my jam, but it was connected to Facebook
or just through regular username contacts.
And then you can also be randomly assigned through smart
matches, you know, there were community matches, you know,
things like that.
But it was cross platform when it was released.
It was on iOS, on Windows Phone, Android.
You could play it on Facebook, Kindle Fire and a Nook.
There was a chat feature that you could use to talk with
your opponents and other people.
And between 2010 and 2011, it was one of the top ranking
games in the iOS app store.
There was an ad free and a paid version that had no ads.
In May 2017, words with friends was the most popular mobile
game in the US.
And then the sequel came out September 2017.
I mean, it really is basically Scrabble.
It has the Scrabble distribution, the point values, all
of it.
It follows the Scrabble dictionary and remind me never to
play with Bobby as in our friends in Southern California,
because I thought you meant Mr.
Black Wolf.
No, I mean, I know he did.
Yeah, Barbara.
Other Bobby.
Yeah, because she knows legal terms.
We don't play with her anymore.
But you also have your double letter or triple letter and
then your double word and triple word.
And then if a player can use all the seven tiles on a single
play, also known as a bingo in Scrabble, you get 35 bonus
points. I got that once and it was amazing.
So you can also get some different arrangements as you
play. It can change each time.
You also have a reassign feature and you can also pass your
turn. You can also swap to and you can look up what tiles
are left in your tile bag.
So yeah, it's a little interesting.
You can get power ups for word clue and word radar and
things like that.
And then there was a feature that was temporarily removed.
It was called Hindsight that let a player pay for the
opportunity to see what the highest scoring moves on the
board were after the play was made.
But they brought it back.
You can do random opponents and actually what I'm reading,
a lady in Chicago met up, started chatting with an opponent
from the Netherlands.
They chatted the whole time and got married three years
later. Sorry, two years later.
Wow.
Another one in Georgia and Texas.
Yeah, and there was even one I was reading about an American
player communicating about an Australian opponent's medical
symptoms and the American, the lady, her husband was a doctor.
He recommended a hospital visit and it turned out that the
opponent had a 99% blockage close to his heart and actually
on a 2012 episode of the doctors, they got to meet in person.
Wild.
Yeah, but at any rate, they did do a board game version.
That's the part that blows my mind.
I know, right?
It was a board game called something else.
Yeah, but they had like a luxe version with the rotating
tile game board and a travel to go edition and the all kinds
of shit.
I was looking at the video for it rather incredulously.
And actually, this isn't the only game that Zynga has done
physical versions of.
There's Draw Something, Cityville edition of Monopoly and some
kids games based on Farmville.
In 2019, there was a hack of Zynga that compromised details
of 218 million words with friends accounts, including names,
email addresses, login IDs, hashed passwords, password reset
tokens, phone numbers, Facebook IDs, and Zynga IDs.
So hopefully they were able to get some of that resolved.
But yeah, that's it.
All right, words with fiends.
And I'm seeing mostly the comments in chat are kind of talking
about like, I can't believe that this game is 10 years old.
Like, because, you know, as a reminder for the new fans of
Orange Lawns Radio out there, we might have a new listener
or two every week.
In order for a game to qualify as a classic game of the week,
it has to be at least 10 years older or more, which is funny
because this show's been on coming up on 21 years.
So all of the time now in this segment, we're getting games
where it's like, we literally talked about this game when
it first came out.
And now it's a classic game of the week.
And I think there's people in chat very much feeling that
this week.
Well, and also just to say, I mean, the game had like a
rather large impact.
I mean, that's the other reason I brought it up.
Oh, no.
Yeah, mobile games.
This is the one everyone was playing.
Well, yeah, it's just earlier in the show, and I was talking
about NBA All World.
When I was talking about NBA All World, I was saying, you
know, games that work very well from the cell phone are games
that are designed with that cell phone environment and what
your phone can and can't do in mind.
And ironically, and I didn't even realize this.
I mean, I knew what you picked earlier in the day, but I
didn't realize when I was saying those comments is that
this actually really plays right into that.
Words with Friends is a great example of really one of the,
I don't want to say one of the earliest, let's put it that
way, mobile games that really did that.
It did something on your mobile device, whether it's an iPad,
iPhone, Android, you name it.
It did it on that device that like a port of Sonic the
Hedgehog doesn't do the same way.
It made a uniquely mobile experience.
Well, yeah, this is the kind of game that lends itself very
well to a touch experience, which I mean, for me, like I
said, it was always the Solitaire mode.
That was my favorite thing.
And it was actually Words with Friends 2 that had that sort
of linked circle mode, the kind of like a crossword-ish sort
of thing, but you had to move the letters to unscrabble them
and make the words with the given letters.
That led me to Wordscapes, which I'm still pretty addicted to.
I don't even know what level I am on that thing anymore.
But in the tens of thousands, I'll put it that way.
I can't see in chat says up there with Farmville and Wordle.
I mean, honestly, yeah.
My mother did Farmville.
I was like, no.
And that's exactly it.
Words with Friends is one of those games where it's like,
you could play that with a grandparent, depending on your
family makeup or what have you.
But if they made Wordle with Friends.
I'm sure someone's already trying to jump on that idea if
they haven't already.
But my point still stands.
This also was a hugely important game because for many
people, it was the first game that they were playing with
somebody a generation or two older than them that maybe
otherwise wasn't playing a lot of games, wasn't interested
in playing Sonic, Mario Kart, whatever it is.
But will Grandma, Grandpa play Word with Friends?
Yeah.
So that's been a hugely transformative thing for some
people.
So and I look at it as sort of a return to the simplicity
of retro games.
You know, our retro games, they may have been kind of
difficult to play, but they were relatively simple to play.
And games like this, you know, Farmville thing, whatever,
they're all fairly simplistic in a similar way.
And something that would be really easy for someone to
lose track of time.
Or it would play into that addictive personality who like,
no, I need to buy this thing in here so I can do this other
thing in the game and be better at it.
It doesn't make you better at it.
But that was my thought.
So let's see going other in chat.
I know you acknowledge this in chat, but I want to say this
for the sake of the podcast listeners.
DJ Roma S said, thanks to your classic game last week.
I went and bought Star Ocean R for Switch.
That's another impact the classic game segment has sometimes
is like, hey, sometimes it makes you miss a game and you
want to go check it out.
So your impact, Dark Soccer, your impact.
I'm very impactful.
Well, I did actually.
I'm getting back to putting like my just a couple of
screenshots from my retro stream.
So I did put up a couple of really nice pictures from playing
Star Ocean last night.
Sgio100Matt says, true story, though.
My fianc said that one of the things that attracted her
to me initially was when I beat her the one time in Words
with Friends when we started dating.
That's cute.
Well, I told you what happened when I moved out here.
Dan said I had to play through Strider and Castlevania
Symphony of the Night.
And I did.
And I beat Strider.
Yeah, video games are great for bringing people together.
Alan and I, we were long distance dating, but we were like
medium distance dating, which means he lived in South
San Francisco.
I lived here in Sacramento, which, you know.
Yeah, exactly.
Which if you're not from here, that's like a two and a
half hour drive on a good night, maybe three and a half
if one of the bridges is fucked.
But, you know, I would go see him on the weekend.
But during the week we would play World of Warcraft together
and it was a way and we could actually quest together.
So it's like we could hang out together in a virtual.
Isn't that cute?
It's all playing well together.
I mean, I don't miss well, but I miss us all playing the
same game together.
Yeah, I hear that.
Yeah, that's what makes it by daylight fun when it works
out that, you know, we all hop on that for, you know, a
night.
I'm planning on doing killer tonight.
Oh, people convince me otherwise.
All right, we'll see.
I may be around, but I actually have to work tomorrow.
Man, these three day weekends spoil me.
All right.
This is actually officially starting my work week.
So my days off for Sunday, Monday, Tuesday.
Ah, gotcha.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's get into some other news headlines.
I mentioned there's not a whole lot going on in the gaming
world this week, especially compared to other weeks.
But we do have a few quick rapid fire headlines to talk
about.
So let's go to Loki first.
Yeah, since we've been talking about Ubisoft and all the
games are canceling, let's talk about some of the games
that they're reportedly working on, or at least rumors
are working on.
One of those being some new games in the Far Cry franchise,
including a mainline Far Cry 7 and also a multiplayer Far
Cry game, live service game or something like that.
Of course, they're not going to comment on rumor and
speculation, so I guess we'll wait until we find out what's
going to be coming out.
All right, cool.
One of the rumors of part of that, though, actually was
that it is going to be using the same engine, apparently,
as their open world Star Wars game, which I forgot that
they have a Star Wars game.
So because you're not going to see it for years and years
longer still, probably, I guess.
Yeah.
Then we've got some TV news, including that Phoebe Waller
Bridge is set to be producing a Tomb Raider TV series for
Amazon. So that'll be interesting if that ends up happening.
And then I just real quick.
A Tomb Raider TV series is fascinating to me, and I wonder
if it would be a serial, like if it would be the Adventure
of the Week type of drama.
Like, what was that show called?
Relic Hunter or so it was one of those.
It was like really bad over the top, like Xeno Warrior Princess
Hercules. It was called Relic Hunter or something.
Somebody in chat might know what I'm talking about.
I wonder if that's where they're going to go a Tomb Raider.
Please go.
Please bring back Xeno Warrior Princess.
That's basically what I'm saying.
Basically.
Yeah.
I don't know if it's going to be bad.
Oh, my God.
Rama. Rama and I on the same wavelength.
That is it.
Yep.
We already had a Tomb Raider series.
It's called Relic Hunter with Tia Carrere.
That was it.
It was Tia Carrere's show.
Fuck.
She was amazing.
She's not dead, but we don't see her in a lot of stuff
anymore.
Tia Carrere.
That's it.
That's the tweet.
Tia Carrere.
All right.
And then not surprisingly, especially after the great
reception that the show's gotten already, Last of Us has
been renewed for a second season.
Shocking.
No words.
Yeah.
Nobody's surprised by that.
Well, trailer.
If it was on Netflix, it would have been canceled already.
I guess shocking that, hey, we're actually having some
video game media that sticks around these days.
Not all of it does.
Hello, Resident Evil, speaking of Netflix.
But to be fair, Castlevania, the anime did very well on
Netflix.
So there's some video game media that's doing all right.
So congrats to Last of Us.
And to be fair, I heard that Resident Evil show was not
good either.
So I guess that's fine.
You win some, you lose some.
Yeah.
All right.
Moving on.
Dark Sakura.
So wait, is this really mine?
Yeah, I think it's okay.
Yeah.
I don't follow these, so I was surprised.
There's going to be another Splatfest the weekend of
February 11th.
It's going to ask if you like dark chocolate, milk chocolate,
or white chocolate.
White chocolate isn't chocolate, so they're going to lose.
That's why I thought you would be good for this one, because
I knew you would have something to say on the debate itself.
White chocolate is like the mayo of chocolate.
No, white chocolate is literally milk fat from making chocolate.
It is the refuse in chocolate making.
Alan hates it, too.
I don't mind it, but I would absolutely be team milk chocolate
in this fight.
No question.
The purpose of white chocolate is a flavoring vehicle for
other flavors, perhaps, like in my Kit Kats.
Other than that, it is not chocolate.
It is a vehicle and refuse.
Or if for some reason you wanted to dye your chocolate a
color that is not brown, perhaps white chocolate would be
helpful. That's about it.
No, because it would still be that fake white chocolate
sugar fat flavor.
Anyway, so yeah, this is starting on February 11th and
going on through February 13th.
So go team dark chocolate.
Dark Tetsuya and Orange Rite are with you on team dark chocolate.
Orange Rite says white chocolate will be the paper of
this one.
I can't see suggests Oreos, Hershey's Hugs and Bark for, I
guess, white chocolate.
So yeah, white chocolate is never eaten alone.
It's always like dark soccer said, it's a vehicle for
something yummier.
All right.
Moving on, one other rapid storyline here is about Arcade
OneUps latest announcement.
They have announced a new Star Wars cabinet, but I was like,
wait a minute.
They've already released a Star Wars cabinet.
Indeed, they have.
So that's why I put this one in rapid fire news, because all
this is it's a 40th anniversary cabinet.
It's going to be $600.
It does have the newer look to it where you actually have the
coin door look on the front.
Like, for instance, a lot of the quote unquote older machines,
which, like, Tron is only a year old, but now they're changing
this front panel to look like a fake coin door.
So the new Star Wars machines are going to have that coin
door look on it in part.
Unfortunately, I don't hear that it has any new games in it.
It's still just the same three games.
But of course, what other games can you put in a full size
cabinet or something?
It is full cup.
No, because it has a riser.
So it's not a full size machine.
Yeah, but it does have that same flight yoke.
I don't know if maybe they made improvements to the yoke,
because I know some people are not fans of that.
So there's that.
So if you want to pick up one of those, you can at the Arcade
OneUp website, but I'm thinking a lot of folks that were
interested in the Star Wars cab probably already picked it
up. But if you really want the new artwork, there you go.
All right, let's get back into just another couple quick
headlines.
We're going to open it up pretty soon to your phone calls
and feedback.
If you want to give us a call live, you can head on over
to our Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
That's vognetwork.com slash Discord and join the green room.
And that's where we'll be looking for any potential callers
tonight. Meanwhile, let's get to some world release.
I'm sorry, we didn't cover release dates yet.
We should probably do that.
And then we'll get into a couple last headlines here.
So let's do release dates first.
Loki in the US.
All right.
So in the US, we have backfire wall on PC, PlayStation 4,
PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Trek the Yomi on Nintendo Switch.
8-bit adventures on PC.
Age of Empires 2 Definitive Edition on Xbox One and Xbox
Series.
Powerwashing Simulator.
I guess it's Powerwash Simulator.
That's on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Also that wonderful Tomb Raider DLC coming out this week
as well.
Can't wait to play that.
We have Raiden 4 Cross Mikado Remix on whatever Raiden,
Raiden, tomato, tomato.
No, it's Raiden.
Fine.
It's Raiden.
That is coming out on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5,
Xbox One and Xbox Series.
SpongeBob SquarePants and the Cosmic Shake on the PC,
Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And We Were Here Forever, the DMV simulator.
No, I don't know what that is, but it's a puzzle adventure
game that's on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and
Xbox Series.
And oh, a couple more.
Actually, I was really close to importing that game for
the record, except it's Raiden 3, which is like the weakest
one in the series.
But the music is amazing.
Oh, this one says it's four.
I said it was four.
The Playasia one said Raiden 3.
I'll have to double check it.
Yeah, it's four.
Yeah, it looks like.
And then we've got Football Manager 2023 on PlayStation 5,
Rhythm Sprout on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4,
PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, Chef Life, a restaurant
simulator on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation
5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
Deliver Us Mars on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox
One, Xbox Series.
Fashion Police Squad getting its console release on
Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and
Xbox Series.
Life is Strange 2 on Nintendo Switch.
Puzzle Bubbles slash Bust-A-Move 2 Arcade Edition and
Puzzle Bubble 3 and slash Bust-A-Move 3 S Tribute on PC,
Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
We have Helvelti on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
Joe Wander and the Enigmatic Adventures on PC, PlayStation
5 and Xbox Series.
And that is it.
All right.
Well, Japan's release calendar is looking a little smaller.
If we go over to Japan and check out the Nintendo Switch,
there's some accessories, but they're all third party.
Like if you really want a Doraemon pouch for your Switch,
cool, you can get that this week.
But as far as games go, there's just one for the Switch this
week on February 2nd.
Life in Willowdale Farm Adventures.
And that's a multilingual release that's coming out.
There's also a Doraemon wireless controller.
Again, as long as we're talking about third party shit.
But I seem to recall that there was a Doraemon game in last
week's releases.
So I mean, this is pretty well timed, I suppose.
Flying over to the PlayStation 5, guess what?
Nothing until the Wizard game comes out on February 7th
in Japan, because I believe that is a worldwide release with
everything else.
Otherwise, yeah, it's kind of a slow week in Japan.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
I think you're muted.
A hard mute on Discord because I see the icon.
Well, it's not even a worthwhile game to talk about.
It's a SpongeBob SquarePants cosmic shake on the 31st.
Hey, I love SpongeBob, but I don't play the games.
Also, for the record, for a certain game that is coming out
in February, I'm not going to mention it at all.
All right, moving on.
Let's get into a couple of quick headlines, and then we're
going to wrap it all up here.
See if there's some phone calls.
Let's go to Loki.
Yeah, so a judge has blocked Microsoft's request to pause
a lawsuit brought by the Alito law firm and Joseph
Saveri law firm on behalf of their plaintiffs, which are
some gamers, I guess, who were basically trying to block
the whole acquisition of Activision Blizzard by Microsoft,
saying that it's anti-competitive.
So I guess this is going to be going forward on top of all
of the other stuff that they're facing with the antitrust
things. I don't see where individual gamers really get to
have a say in which acquisitions happen or not, but okay.
I guess we'll see what happens.
Just another day in the courtroom, right?
It just seems like it's a bit ridiculous.
You would think that, I get where they're saying
anti-competitive and stuff, but at the same time, how do
you really prove damages from that?
It just doesn't make any sense how you can say, oh, well,
this is going to harm me specifically.
It's like, well.
Well, and it's also just really reductive with what the
antitrust process is supposed to do anyway.
So it's basically a bunch of gamers saying, we don't trust
the government to do anything about it.
So we're taking matters into our own hands.
And then essentially a different branch of the government
judicial is stepping in and saying, no, that's basically
what it is.
In this case, they're saying yes, because they're letting
it go forward.
They're blocking Microsoft.
Okay.
So let the circus begin, I guess.
I don't see how it goes anywhere.
Again, this is what the antitrust process is supposed to
do. This is silly.
It's dumb.
Yeah.
Last story tonight.
Dark Sakura.
So there is a streamer in Japan known as Mote Kimaru, who
basically has tetra fish that play video games, like a lot
of Pokemon, for example, using motion sensor and like a
motion board.
Well, and that by itself is actually kind of cool.
And his fish are pretty good at it, apparently.
But at one time while he was live streaming Pokemon, he had
stepped away for a break and the game had crashed.
And then it went back to the home screen like it does.
And the fish kept on swimming because fish swim.
And then during the next seven hours, the fish managed to
change the name of the Switch account twice, logged into
the Nintendo store.
They checked legal terms and conditions, downloaded a new
avatar, set up a PayPal account, sent an email to confirm
and a video on the live stream actually showed this.
And they were also seen adding 500 yen to Mote Kimaru's
Switch account from his credit card.
And it also exposes credit card details.
Um, and so at this point, you know, people were just all
on about it.
And he said that that afterwards he's contacted Nintendo
to to see what happened and ask for a refund of his, you
know, four bucks, 500 yen.
Is this the plot of Sharknado 6?
Like Sharknado shopping spree at the mall?
Tetranado.
There you go.
Tetranado.
And Nintendo, of course, hasn't said anything, but I mean,
this went to CNN.
So I mean, it's it's oddly enough.
And I mean, and it literally I'm looking at this screenshot
from from his Twitch and it's it's.
Yeah.
Wow.
Oboe 47 in chat says it wasn't a new release of Skyrim.
No, I mean, the fish probably could have bought
that on the Switch through the store place.
I mean, it would have had to have been just a perfect swim
storm, a perfect a perfect current to get that series of
events to happen.
At least he has a video proof that he had nothing to do
with it.
Or as you might say, fish roe duh.
Fish roe duh.
Huh?
It's the Elder Scrolls joke.
Forget it.
All right.
Yeah, I don't like Elder Scrolls.
I don't get it at all.
Sorry.
Just look in chat.
Everybody's booing me.
All right.
Sorry.
The spirit of Drewnami had possessed me for a moment.
All right.
Let's get to the listener roundtable where we invite you
all to participate along with the show.
If you have questions for us, obviously, we have a little
extra time tonight.
I'm happy to take questions in our chat over at
twitch.tv slash vog network.
We also at this point of the show usually look for any
emails. I feel like it's been dry January in our inbox, but
I didn't even check.
That's how much I forgot about it.
I don't think anything's there.
Go ahead and look again.
But again, if you want to send us an email, participate.
Do I need to spell it for you?
Participate at orange lounge radio.com is the place to send
your email.
At this point, I want someone to send me an email just to
make sure it works.
We got something about the audio fiction world cup.
It's junk.
Unfortunately, the spammers have our new address now.
We've hardly gotten any spam.
Yeah.
Not compared to the old box.
The old mailbox was way worse.
I'm pretty sure somebody hate signed us up for a bunch of
stuff because we dare to be people with a podcast when
podcast was new.
So because we're better than everybody, what are you talking
about? And so humble.
Let's see.
Loki, I don't know if you have any last minute stories.
It's been a heck of a slow news week.
I think we covered just about everything, but I will check
anyway. How hell we had breaking news earlier in the show.
I don't think so.
I didn't see anything.
I mean, it's not really much of a story.
There was a 30 second clip.
I guess it's a TV spot or something showing a little bit
more of the scene in the Mario movie with Donkey Kong and
Mario and shocker Donkey Kong, voiced by Seth Rogan.
Sounds like Seth Rogan.
You don't say he did not put on a monkey accent.
So yeah, it's very disappointing that it's very not authentic
to the voice of Donkey calling that we've grown to know and
love all of the dialogue that Donkey Kong is bless us with
in the myriad of games that he's been out in.
Are you saying that they're setting up for a sequel from
based on a 30 second clip?
They show cat Mario.
I mean, that's kind of funny.
I mean, the Mario movie looks cute.
I got to go see it.
I mean, yeah.
She hold 10 and chat says, is Loki going to play the new
Golden Eye game pass update?
You know, Golden Eye 007.
What?
Honestly, it's a miracle that that game came out.
When you consider all the licensing that went into it.
It was a Nintendo 64 game made by a now owned by Microsoft
company, Rare, with celebrity likeness of Pierce Brosnan,
with a property that belongs to the Bond estate.
Like, do you know how many people had to sign off on this
game getting released?
So now it's here.
And I mean, has it?
Loki, did you check it out yet?
It's on my to do list, but I didn't get to it this week.
I don't really have any nostalgia for it.
I've played it a little bit with friends long time ago,
back in the Nintendo 64, but I don't really have any
nostalgia for it.
So I hear that the controls on the Switch aren't great.
You need to change those.
But the Xbox couldn't be good.
Like the old one did.
I wonder if it plays at a higher frame rate or what happens
now. I want to check it out out of morbid curiosity, but
I'm kind of in the boat with Loki to be honest.
I don't have the same emotional attachment to Golden
like most of you do, because when that game came out, if I
was playing a Nintendo 64, I tell you it was Mario Kart,
Mario Kart 64 and nothing but like, that was the only game
we ever played in the college dorm on Nintendo 64.
Hell, even my Super Nintendo and the old school Mario Kart
was played.
But as far as shooters go, we were playing Duke Nukem at
that time, because that was right around the same time when
Duke Nukem was on PC, and we were able to play because the
old computers had the modems.
And so I could call my neighbor in the dorm.
It was just before like wired internet and dorms became big,
but you would call through the phone light.
We would play Duke Nukem across the phone.
And so we kind of did that instead of Goldeneye.
So when I was in college, it was just Doom.
Yeah, Doom, Doom as well.
I was going to say Doom 2, but I meant Doom also, but
sometimes Doom 2.
No, for us, it was Doom.
I think when did Doom 2 come out?
I have to remember.
But OK, why is it not giving me the right date for Doom 2?
OK, actually, no.
Yeah, we were doing Doom 2 because that was 1994.
And they weren't that far apart, the first two.
Yeah.
And Hexen was the other thing.
But we didn't I didn't get to play Duke Nukem until we had a
LAN party at Mobicon in 1996.
My friends, my friends at Sonoma State, they got T1 internet,
which was like the high speed fucking remember that?
That was like if you had T1 internet, you were rich, right?
So do you have a T1?
Yeah.
You have a T3?
So they got T1 internet in their dorms.
So they started the Quake server.
And then that became the game we all played.
I would call into their server over the T1 or whatever from
my thing, and we would all fucking play the shit out of
Quake and like the early Team Fortress mods and those types
of things.
When we had our Dreamcast in the ethernet adapter, Dan was
really into playing Quake on our Dreamcast for a hot minute.
Since we couldn't play PSO.
So dumb.
Like, why would they put out an online game that has the
online capability, but disable the thing that makes it go
online?
DarkTitius says, can we get a Quake night going?
I think the remaster has cross play.
I'd be in.
I play.
So me, DarkTitsia, can we get like two other people to do
it? Because then I only if we do ASCII Quake.
What the fuck is ASCII Quake?
It's in Quake.
There is a mode to play it in ASCII.
Killi.
I didn't know that.
I don't know if the remake because I believe I have done
Quake as a classic game of the month and spoke on this at
length.
I think somebody was asking me earlier today about something
I said last week on this show.
And I was like, what was I talking about?
I don't remember.
I don't remember what we talk about in this program.
Are you serious?
Yeah, it was actually sorry.
Yeah, there was Quake live and then Quake 2 had text mode.
I remember the console was built into Quake, but yeah.
Yeah, it was.
Okay, nevermind.
Yeah, it was.
It was.
I'm sorry, it was a mod.
My apologies.
It was a mod.
So, but yeah, it's also very disorienting, but I played
and I'm not fond of it.
But Dr.
Tua, yes, if we could get the people, I'd so be down for
a Quake just for fun.
So because the remake is really most people got it for free
at some point one way or another.
Is it maybe it's still free for all I know.
I don't know, but I'm sure it's on game pass if nothing else.
So all right.
Well, with that in the chat, I did link a video to text
Quake.
Let me see this, because I'm not sure I've ever actually
and we have the time, so I might as well take a look.
Oh, God, this looks terrible.
But like, doesn't it in one of those, like, I'm gonna actually
fast forward a little bit here in the clip so we can actually
see this dark soccer.
This actually looks worse.
And to describe what I'm seeing for the podcast listeners
is that it literally is the entire screen is made up of
ASCII characters, meaning like, you know, text characters
with the keyboard and things like that.
If you're not familiar with the term ASCII, but it's like,
it's one of those.
You know what?
It reminds me of, like, those pictures where, like, if you
stand way back in the room, then you can tell what it is.
But if you're looking close up, you see that.
Do you see the sailboat?
Not those scooter, but similar.
Yes.
Similar to that vibe.
Yes.
How could you possibly play a video game like this?
Yeah.
I'm getting a headache watching that.
Same.
Yeah, it is the novelty.
All right.
I like to play Gatchamon Quake.
Well, with that, we are at the end of the program, so I'm
going to go around and get everybody's final thought and
wrap things up.
But I do want to say thank you very much for listening to
the show.
I know it was a little shorter tonight, but sometimes there
just isn't as much gaming news.
I hope everybody had a wonderful week.
I hope you have a great week ahead.
I hope you're enjoying playing things, whether it's new
surprise releases like HiFi Rush or, you know, or Forespoken,
something you were waiting for, or just the same old shit.
If you're still playing Dead by Daylight, that is fine, too,
or whatever it is.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lawns Radio,
tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where
every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices here to
put out on air.
So a nice five-star review wherever you found this show
goes an awful long way.
A site like iTunes or Spotify helps an awful lot, and we
just appreciate those words, mouths, social media shares.
They work great as well.
We're at the end, so let me go and get final thoughts for
the night.
DarkSakra, as usual, I'll start with you because I know
you're gonna go play on your own stream after the show
tonight. Yeah, I'm gonna get back to trying to
adapt my killers and try to remember how to play most of
them. I actually even have it as a redeem now that you can
force me to play nurse.
Oh, wow.
Heaven help me.
Good luck.
Remember, I got my adapt because they gave it to me.
I am going to have to play her eventually, but I suck at
nurse. I would play blight better than nurse and I suck at
blight twins.
Actually, I'm kind of okay at twins now, kind of sort of,
but I did totally already adapt Pig and Freddie because
they are my mains and I did them in one try.
So it wasn't a big deal.
But yeah, I think I might go back to the adapt thing, but
if I get sick of it, who knows?
Maybe we'll Swift.
All right, well have a great stream and we will talk to you
next week in February.
I can't believe it's already going to be February.
All right.
Right.
Yeah, exactly.
Loki, we'll go to you.
What's your final thought tonight?
I'm tired.
That's it.
You're tired.
You need a nap.
I understand.
My final thought is I haven't done personal streaming in
a few weeks because again, as I talked about at the top of
the show, I've had some personal stuff going on, especially
this week.
I am looking at trying to pick up some more narrative games,
especially now that I've let my wow subscription lapse and
my only MMO I'm playing now is Final Fantasy 14.
I want to try to really play through some single player games.
I definitely want to do the Final Fantasy Pixel remasters,
Windows release on Switch, PlayStation, that whole thing.
I might close the gap on some Pokemon games.
I'm really behind on.
I really have an itch to go back and finish Pokemon Arceus,
which I know, like, why would I do that when I still need
to beat Scarlet and Violet?
Because I'm at the point now where I'm like, if they're
working on a quality of life update for Scarlet and Violet,
then why don't I wait for that update?
It's this very weird day and age we live in where it's like,
now I know a patch is coming, so I'm going to wait for the
patch till I finish the game.
It's weird how that goes sometimes.
But anyway, that's it for me.
We'll see you again in a week.
Thank you so much for being here tonight, everyone.
I really appreciate it.
Have a wonderful week and good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not
necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio
nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
So
you
