Happy New Year, January 8th, Rob, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers,
Loki. I slept too long. I slept too long.
It's okay, Jason, we weren't here last week. Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. And we are live once again with episode number 943 of our show.
For January the 8th of 2023. See, Jason just kept waking up every single day hearing that they were doing another vote in the house and thinking it was Groundhog Day all over again. That's what was going on with the intro there. Anyway. Hi, I'm Rob Roberts. And I'm here with you for our first show of our 21st broadcast year from 2002 to 2023. I am Rob Roberts and joining me is DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. Hey, how is your 2023 so far?
Rainy.
Yeah, yeah. We'll talk more about that in a moment. But please say hello as well to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki. How are you?
I'm fine. Tired as usual.
Yeah. Me too.
Well, it's medication now. Well, I mean, it has been medication for a while.
Oh, okay. Well, I hope you are. I hope the medication is helping more than it's-
Oh, yeah, it's it's it's just it makes me tired.
Yeah, I got you.
And hello to our chatters because we do tape live of course every Sunday night at the voice of geeks network twitch.tv slash VOG network. Six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. We do tape our show live. We're here every week. We weren't here last week. We were originally planning to be here January 1. But then just kind of a domino effect started happening. I mean, we did a show on December 25 for heaven's sake. So we got we gave you something during the holiday. But yeah, New Year's Day just didn't end up
working out. I had been in a show the night before and then the power went out for quite some time that night. The storms you're hearing about in Sacramento, which, yeah, I mean, like if you go to like USA Today, you're gonna see they have a story about half a million people in Sacramento were without power last night. And I think all three of us were among them at some point or another. So yeah, we're living all that right now. And it's pretty it's pretty pretty gnarly.
I didn't think the storms were that bad. But I can I, you know, I'm also very, very biased about that. Yeah. Um, I, I can, it's it's the kind of of rain that a Californian wouldn't be ready for. Right. And it's even though it's happened before, and they should be ready. It's the whole Well, hopefully, the whole reason why we have the weir is to, you know, redirect the waters so that hopefully downtown doesn't flood. Some folks in chat,
as Joe and her mat says, I heard about bad flooding and sack as well. Yeah, it's it's really sad, but it is the more rural parts of town. The way to the south end and without doxing ourselves live on air. I will just say, Jamie lives on the south end, but not that far south. I live on the north end. And Loki lives like East ish in the middle. So none of us are near that area that's flooding, but not to minimize the horrible stuff
on a hill. So yeah, it's never going to be a problem. They just trees falling. Yeah, that was it. And then last night after the power went out, our trash can fell over. So I had to go out last night, but it wasn't raining, though. It was just super windy. It was kind of creepy because it was like super bright outside, even though there was no electricity anywhere. It was just that like the clouds, you know, and everything kept the light in. But yeah, it was a little creepy. But
flooding, it's been more towards like the rivers and stuff. And like some of these creaks have swelled quite a bit where it's like gone over the road and everything. Yeah. So and unfortunately, that rural south area is very likely to flood again tonight. So So our show should stay on air through tonight, because the next part of the bomb cyclone or whatever you want to call I'm sorry, we're talking about personal stuff. But it does it does kind of impact the show because like I would say last week in part impact show. Yeah, last week in part, I really wasn't feeling it.
Because the night before had been really rough for the storm. Loki had a personal engagement. Dark Soccer and I were both just kind of like, man, at that point. So we're just like, let's just we earned a week off. So we took the week off. I'm sure nobody's it was like, let's call the whole thing. Yeah, pretty much. I'm sure nobody's, you know, upset or anything. But it's just one of those. That's how it happened. So now we're here tonight. But yeah, I had had my procedure before that.
I that's right. And I was I was a little like, Oh, you sure you want to do the show? Like, yeah, so
yeah, on the 25th. I had started preparing for it, which was fine. But then I don't know, I was just like, I don't want to I don't want to exist.
Well, and then that's the other thing. So So keep in mind, last week, we didn't do a show because it was storming. And then it stormed again in the middle of the week. And then it stormed again last night. And now it's gonna storm again tonight. Like that's that's the problem we're having right now is
that we're not, you know, and again, to toss it back to a comment Dark Soccer said earlier about how we're not used to it. We're also because we're not used to it. We're not built for it. That's, that's, that's the huge problem is that, you know, although they they have taken many
precautions and in parts of town that are prone to flooding, like I was talking about with the weir earlier and stuff to redirect the the water to the causeway and stuff. You know, it's just, it's, it's, it's a lot. It's a lot of rain back to back to back.
I remember moving out here and seeing all these buildings like are made of plywood is their base. I'm like, where's your rebar? Where's the you know, where are your your concrete bases where you know, and I was just like, man, if if the weather even sneezes, this place is gonna fall over. I wouldn't go out on the balcony of the apartment building
because it was made of wood. Yeah. But I mean, when I first moved out here,
but at the same time, if an Earth if a major earthquake happened in the middle of Boston, a major earthquake, none of my having a middle Boston, the city would topple over and I hope it never does. I'm not you know, but I'm just saying the architecture is different. You're prepared for different climate sorts of things.
Exactly. It's the same thing that people like, Oh, Alabama gets hurricanes. Why don't you people move? I'm like, Los Angeles gets earthquakes. Why don't you people move? It's something it's Northern California gets set on fire regularly. Why don't you move?
The only town that's perfect 100% of the time is San Diego. I swear it's like nothing ever seems to happen in San Diego. That's the only place in America.
They've had some shakes.
Yeah, I guess I guess. But literally, they probably have the best track record.
Yeah. And they also have extraordinary desserts. So I think that, yeah, I think that that makes them extra special.
Yeah. And I see other folks lighting up in chat, of course, like Tiger Claw saying Florida gets hurricanes. Oh, yeah, they do. Pop Culture says we get tornadoes. Yeah. So keep in mind, you know, we were gusting 70 miles an hour. And for you hurricane pros, that's nothing. I know. But again, for us, that's how to start. I'm not I kid you not. One of the one of the neighbors solar panels was on the ground today. That's what kind of wind it was last night. And you know how well everything's built for that. So it's just pretty
wild. Pretty wild. Anyway, go ahead.
It's actually literally to go back to your point, though. I mean, it is a matter of of what you're used to in what the area that you're in is going to be prepared to accommodate, you know. So
that's right. And and very, very good point from Bobby Black Wolf. We're used to it, but it doesn't make it any less scary. Oh, God, like those noises I was hearing last night. I was like, Did my roof just blow off? Because it sounds like my roof just blow off. And of course, I walked outside of my okay, it's fine.
Now, for me, though, those sounds were comforting.
Because I know, I would always have my best sleep during a heavy storm. And at my old house that I grew up in, we had a metal awning that was right outside of my
my, my bedroom. And so wind and rain would hit it and it would, you know, and it would actually put me to sleep.
Yeah, actually, our old old house that I grew up in, in the older part of Roseville, where I grew up for those that know the area, we had like a patio that was built attached to the house. So like we had a smaller backyard because my parents had an outdoor or like an indoor patio built and added to the house. But the
what when the water would hit that during the rainstorm, because the material was made out of it would make a lot of noise. And it was it was actually pretty comforting until that house actually flooded one year. And that's why some of the stuff gives me a little PTSD. It didn't get past the garage, but it got real close. And like all of our neighbors were affected.
I do have to say I have a very vivid memory of being four years old during Hurricane Frederick, which was a cat for hurricane. And me keeping trying to go out and watch the windows and seeing an eight really old oak tree up route in front of my house. Thus, this oak tree was probably as wide around as a minivans on its side.
And that's like if you drive through downtown Midtown, Sacramento right now, that's like every other corner. It's it's unreal. So and it just the only thing that sucks is it would be one thing if it's like, well, we got a week of sunlight to clean up Nope, another three inches of rain tomorrow. And I know there's pictures everywhere out there. Again, I'm sorry to make this about the weather. But again, this is what we're dealing with. I'll get to games in a minute. You see a lot of pictures of the weather out there or the the bridge. I think that the the
Tower Bridge, you see a lot of that in the waters running really high, right? Like right next to Old Town, Sacramento. And like people are like, and I see things on Tick Tock where people are like Sacramento's fucked. Look at how high that river is. And there's another three inches rain coming. But the good quote unquote news is what they're neglecting is that there's a whole bypass system that's built that they haven't even activated yet. But it's getting close. So what happens is that they they open this thing called the weir and it diverts the Sacramento River into the Yolo Causeway, which is a rural land
between Sacramento and Davis, California, where the university is you've probably heard of. And it just it floods that whole area, but it's all rice land and stuff that can resist flooding. So I don't know why they don't open it up sooner. But that's the quote unquote good news is so that my house doesn't flood. That thing exists.
I'll tell you what area I'm worried about. Israel, Linda.
Yeah, well, yeah, that's the place that flooded in the 90s. For sure. And then the same the same area that flooded on New Year's Eve.
The construction over in this area will in the area outside of that basically created a floodplain where there wasn't one. So more human involvement changing ecosystems.
Oh, boy. All right. Well, speaking of the future, I'm actually surprised no one has pointed this out yet. But maybe because I've done a personal stream and some folks maybe saw this hanging out and I was just on Bobby show and we were talking about it. But let me mention here on on Orange Launch Radio, especially for the podcast listeners. Behind me as we tape live tonight, I now not only have a Burger Time arcade one up machine, but I now have a bigger brother, a Tron arcade machine is next to it.
And that was what I built. Pretty much right. I think it was just about ready to go. Oh, no, I was building that instead of doing OLR on New Year's Day. Like, while I was listening to Bobby, I was actually building the machine. So I was working on that most of the most of the night on Sunday. So but you see, it's all set up now.
I do really enjoy the machine. Long story short, it I did not realize that is and you could actually probably see it right towards the top of the marquee is this is actually a black light in the machine. And I realized it actually replicated that I thought because the way other time I've seen this machine was a Bobby's house, and he has external black lights. So I thought that's why I was seeing the black light effect, but the machine actually hasn't built into it, which I thought was pretty cool. And that's why everything inside it kind of glows a little more than maybe what you're used to.
But it's a really cool effect. It's a really nice presenting machine. I mean, if as long as you can get over the fact there's only two games in it, but Tron is great. Disks of Tron, I'd maybe played one other time. And so getting to play that a lot more has been pretty cool. So yeah, so long story short, I am enjoying the machine. And that's why you see that behind me now on the feed. And that was my Christmas present from Alan, who got it half off on a Black Friday sale. That's kind of why it was like, because you know, the machine was really
expensive when it first came out, but half off. That's pretty good deal. So Bobby says I need your arcade one up username so I can add you. Sure. It's just Rob Roberts. I'll one word, Rob Roberts. If you do add me, make sure I have your username, of course, Bobby Black Wolf, but any other folks out there who happen to have a Tron cabinet, I'm happy to add you to the gallery here. Because this is the newer, BurgerTime doesn't do this. BurgerTime was right at the tail end before these machines started getting online on the internet, and now they have online leaderboards.
But that is literally the only thing this thing does is online leaderboards. It does it. It's not like multiplayer online or anything else. It's just the leaderboards. I believe like there's a Mortal Kombat release that they put out not long ago rerelease that you can play it online. I hear it doesn't run very well. But that's I haven't experienced it firsthand. I don't know. But yeah, you can do online leaderboards. But basically what you're doing is you're creating a filter saying I want to see these people.
And it'll filter for those people. Bobby Black Wolf says NBA Jam was the first online one. Well, then that's, that's not too surprising. It went to Mortal Kombat as well, because those were all Midway games back in the day. And I think Warner has licensed all that now. So they're probably, you know, they the arcade one up has put out a lot of Namco, a lot of Capcom and a lot of Warner at this point. So, but it's cool that they got this Disney one. So you know, looking forward to see what else they do. You know, they did they did get The Simpsons and Ninja Turtle, they have old Konami games.
There's a lot of people, myself included, that would love to see a Konami classic classic Konami classic cab with stuff like time pilot, gyrus, Contra, heck haunted castle, if we could go there, although that that game is hard as fuck a haunted castle, of course became Castlevania if you didn't already know, but the original haunted cancel cap. Why can't I talk to me? The original haunted castle is fucking hard. It is it is disgustingly difficult game, but I would love to see like
a, oh, Dr. Seuss says they did Frogger. I didn't even realize that. But yeah, I would love to see the Frogger. Of course they did Frogger. But like a time pilot and gyrus and all that would be great. Bobby says last week, one of my AMA questions was what would your ultimate arcade one up be? And I actually said they should make a home beat mania machine, put sound vortex on it, whatever. I would love to see that too. But unfortunately, they're not going to do it. It'll tell you why they're going to be competing against themselves with 2DX Infinitas and some of the online offerings they're doing so they're not going to want to do that.
But yes, dreamboat answers, of course, build the online version into that cabinet to play it and then people would pay their subscription. Nobody is smart enough to think of that Loki. Let me give you the ideas Konami since you don't have them yourself. Also, I think there was a cabinet with time pilot pilot in it. I bet it was the Frogger cabinet.
And maybe I need to take a second look at that cabinet. I probably just laughed it off because it was Frogger. But I love Tom pilot. It has gyrus too. I mean, let me check. But I would I would love a DDR replica cab. I mean, I don't I they could make assault, they could make it a solo machine. They could literally sell like a solo machine as an arcade one up type of thing. But anyway, that's a discussion for another day. Let's get into our official kickoff topic tonight. I know we've been talking literally about the weather and that sort of thing. But let's get into it.
But I do want to get into some other topics, including since we didn't end up doing a show on New Year's Day, we haven't had an opportunity to look back at the best of 2022. And look forward to our official predictions for 2023. Which, admittedly, we've been slacking on the predictions a little bit ever since we went virtual and the pandemic and all that stuff. We're going to bring them back this year and actually do some predictions.
So looking back on to 2022, I want to kind of go around and see, what were your favorite games of the year? And maybe any additional highlights you want to share with the crowd? Loki, I'll pick on you first.
My favorite games of the year, I didn't play a whole lot, obviously. So really, my highlights probably going to be Goat Simulator 3. I think that was a great sequel. It's still rode that balance of really broken and yet polished. A lot more polished than it was before. And I still need to go back and play it somewhere because they have been doing regular updates to it.
So it's really going to hit its stride once it hits Steam because it's one of those Epic Store exclusives. And that'll be when all the modding support comes in. I'll buy it again, of course. The other game, of course, that's been fun to play this year is Power Washing Sim.
So Power Washing Simulator is just really fun and relaxing to play through. And I'm glad that they keep adding stuff to it as well. And of course, Minecraft. But you know, you've heard me talk to death about Minecraft. What can I really say?
It's still going and that's worth noting.
And it's like, okay, what is it, though? Well, you know, it's, it's, it's about creativity and making the world your own and telling stories. And like, that's what that's what Minecraft is already.
Well, we can't want to make a roblox. Like, what are they? Well, no, I mean, they don't want to make a roblox. I think they're going to try to like, stuff that you can build more lore into or something like that, things you can interpret. It's a bunch of excuses that they don't want to just share what they're doing. Because if they don't get it done, people get upset with like the 4k graphics pack. Well, well, yeah, that too. But no, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're
they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're,
and you're like, oh, wild, all done.
It's like, but that's the only one by him.
He said you were going back in
and like revitalizing all of them
and making them feel more lively and you didn't do that.
So obviously people were disappointed,
but they're like, no, no, no, we never promised anything.
We just showed you concept art.
And then now they're like, well,
we can't show you concept art
because then you're going to think it's coming.
It's like little babies,
like their marketing team is just awful
when it comes to just communicating stuff.
And now they just don't, they just have shut down
and we're just not going to tell you anything then
because then you're just going to get your hopes up.
It sounds like, I don't know.
It sounds like a bad parent, actually.
Like I can see, like if you're a bad parent
trying to like, well, I'm fine, Billy.
I'm not going to promise you anything
because then I'll just disappoint you.
So I don't know.
That wouldn't be the first time I've heard that excuse.
It's just like, it's stupid is what it is.
So now we have like no idea when the update's coming,
what the update is.
It's like, they're not showing anything, which is fine.
Like you can do that.
Like when they did another update,
which is probably the best one that they've done,
it was like in 2020.
And what they did with that is like, they just said,
okay, all of a sudden, boom, here's everything.
And everyone's like, whoa, this is really cool.
And yeah, you know what?
There were things that they showed off in that probably
that were implemented in the game.
And that's fine.
People understand.
But if you just like say,
if you promise like all this stuff
and then give you something that's like 10% of that,
plus something that was like,
should have been in there updates ago,
because that's what you promised.
YYR puts it perfectly in chat who says,
never ever promise the kids the broccoli farm,
unless you're certain you can deliver the broccoli farm.
Exactly, exactly.
Like it's just, and it's fine.
Like people are reasonable and they'll understand.
I mean, some people are unreasonable,
but like the majority of people are reasonable enough
to know that like, okay, I get it.
Like you couldn't, there's the pandemic.
Yes, I understand that there was the pandemic
and all that stuff.
And this update that you're talking about was really big.
And so you couldn't get it done in the timeframe
that you wanted, because it was a lot more complex
than you initially thought, which is also once again,
a stupid idea to promise something that quick a turnaround
when you don't even know the scope of it yet.
So then like, that's understandable.
But that was two years, now three years ago, okay.
Pandemic's been over for a while.
People have gone back to work.
It's not.
I understand it, but like they are now,
they can't use the excuse,
well, we're just not used to working remote.
Okay, it's been three years that you've been working remote.
You're used to it now.
Okay, so I don't wanna hear excuses about like,
oh, well, it's the pandemic is why we couldn't do it.
No, it's because your poor planning
is why you couldn't do it.
And that's fine.
Lower your scope down,
make it clear and understandable what's coming.
Perhaps don't start a third game.
There you go.
Like they're making Minecraft Legends right now,
which is another game that like,
the more I see of it, the less interested in it I am.
They have Minecraft Legends, Dungeons, and now this.
It's just, if your resources are spread so thin,
then don't do that.
Lower your scope down.
Whatever, we'll just,
we just have to wait for them to tell us what it is.
I'm sure in the summer or something will come out.
Yay.
All right.
Dark Sakura, looking back on 2022,
what were some highlights for you?
Dead by Daylight?
Cause it had new chapters.
Except I hate Wesker and I hate the night.
Now for new games, I actually played,
I played all the way through Cult of the Lamb,
which I had such a fun time playing.
That game is messed up and so fun and cute.
And also I started playing Marvel Midnight Suns.
I played on my Monday stream and I really liked that game.
I can't wait until we get more people into the group
and they do some really good stuff about the group dynamics
for the people that were already there
versus the Avengers joining up.
And now I have Spider-Man in there
and he's absolutely perfect.
And I'm having a really good time with the game.
Good.
Yeah, that's all I have to say about that.
I mean, I haven't really had many other things come out
that super interested me, you know,
but those two were the big ones.
Quest Buster in chat says, yay, Midnight Suns.
I finally finished my campaign a few days ago.
So good.
You know, in the Marvel department,
I hear a lot of people really hyping up Marvel Snap.
Is that what it's called?
Yeah, there's people who are into it.
It's not my kind of thing.
Gotcha, I just see a lot of people on,
especially Mastodon where I'm at now
has got a few people I follow in there
that are super into Marvel Snap and hyping that up.
So it's like the Marvel license is thriving
in gaming right now.
That's certainly something to take away from 2022.
That's for sure.
Okay, so let's talk about my game of the year.
So I'm gonna pick something.
I actually don't think this one is too like outside the box
or too like against the grain,
but this is what I consider the game of the year to be.
And I know a lot of people, you know,
think it's God of War, Ragnarok, which is fine,
which is, or Elden Ring, which is fine.
Admittedly, I haven't really sat down
and spent a lot of time with either of those games
in part because I still don't have a PlayStation 5,
although it sounds like maybe I can finally get one soon.
We'll see.
But just also in part that, again,
the genre that Elden Ring is located in
has not yet still convinced me to join it.
And maybe that's, you know, my own hardheadedness.
I don't know.
But I actually would make an argument
that there was another game that came out
that I actually think did something so well,
it supersedes both those games in my,
I could tell you, I could play both of those games
thinking, just going into them,
knowing they're probably 10 out of 10 games.
And there's still another game I would probably say
would truly represent the game of the year.
And some people are probably gonna say I'm incorrect
because this game technically launched
in like December of 2021,
but it didn't launch launch
until the middle of the year this year,
or more a little late in the year.
So I think most people probably discovered it this year.
And I think some of you probably are figuring it out.
And I will say, I think the game of the year
is the bargain basement, appropriately priced,
way underpriced game that provides so many hours of value
that created a whole new genre.
And that game is Vampire Survivors.
I think that is the best game in 2022.
I wouldn't say that's a new genre.
Oh, oh, the Survivor genre.
Look at all of the knockoffs.
I mean, I get that it's rooted in a roguelike.
So that's probably where your feelings come from.
I'm gathering some-
Stuff like Smash TV.
Yeah, but Smash TV and the way the power-ups branched
and the way you work through the game.
I mean, I think what it did very well
is it merged all these concepts together.
It's kind of like it created something new
by taking the very best from all these other tapestries.
And not only did it do it, like it did it so,
like it's a small,
it's only one or two people that made that game,
super duper on the cheap.
And look at the news about how they pretty much
were forced their hand to put that on mobile devices
because everybody started ripping it off.
And even now I start to see all these ads on TikTok
or whatever I'm watching that are basically
rip the Survivor something.
Survivor this, Survivor that.
And we're not talking about the TV show.
We're not talking about a Destiny's Child song.
We're talking about this trend
that Vampire Survivor started.
And now we have games like Soul Stone Survivors
that I think are also very good
that kind of take that idea of the progression
and the randomness of a roguelike
with the action of a Smash TV
or a twin stick shooter, basically.
Because some might say that like Returnal
also does this very well.
But I think Vampire Survivors,
especially when you consider how much it costs
and how prolific it got is why I would say
that was probably the best game of the year.
In my opinion, it's my opinion.
So looking in chat, Dartusia says,
oh yeah, Vampire Survivors is at least top three.
I just bought Super Smash TV on Super Nintendo.
Michi said she remembered playing it, so it's coming.
In 5th Dreamer Greaves, Vampire Survivors is amazing.
Dartusia also saying, I don't blame you on Dark Souls.
I tried it, I couldn't get past the first mid-boss,
so I swore off soul stuff.
See, meanwhile, Alan, my other half,
loves those soul games.
So that's like his jam.
Yeah, and more power to him.
I'm not here to yuck somebody's yum.
That's my favorite game of the year, personally.
You can't change that.
So this is what it is.
S2100Matt says, I get what Rob is saying.
It's how it's implemented.
The core idea is not new,
but the implementation in this creative way
is kind of revolutionary.
Yeah, yeah, I think that's another good way of saying it.
So there you go.
That's my hot take on what probably
the best game of the year was.
As far as like, well, let's talk about now,
looking forward, like 2023, what do we think?
Let's make some off-the-wall predictions.
So I'll just say, let's do like three predictions.
We'll go around and each,
I think that's the way we used to do it.
We'll each go around and give a prediction,
and I will put it into a PowerPoint presentation,
since I don't have a jar that we can look at
at the end of the year and see what came true
and what didn't.
I would invite those of you in chat
over at twitch.tv slash vog network
to give your suggestions,
because if we can't think of something,
we might pull from our chat room
over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
So-
We could do a variant of it.
What's that?
The 2023 wishlist.
You wanna do a wishlist?
Yeah, why not?
Because some of my predictions have to do with things
that I don't think are gonna land well.
And it's not that I wish it on that,
but I'll tell you what my wishlist items are, but yeah.
One of them has to do with something not doing well.
So I wanna leave it, in fact, actually,
I think two of mine are perhaps construed negative.
I think one of them would actually ultimately be positive,
but we'll get to that.
So let's go around the table.
Loki, what's a prediction you have for 2023?
2023, hmm.
I think that, well, we're getting into a story
about something that's not gonna be short-handed
anytime soon, or apparently this year,
it's supposed to be readily available,
but that's only because the other thing
that's coming out this year, the PlayStation VR 2,
is gonna be impossible to find and scalp to death.
And there'll be shortages for that all year round.
So PSVR 2 impossible to find,
probably the safest bet you could take
when it comes to predictions.
Yeah.
I'm gonna go ahead and follow that, Jamie.
I hope you don't mind if I go out of order,
but that's because my next one
also has to do with the PSVR 2.
And I'm gonna be as bold to say,
I think the PSVR 2 is a flop.
I think the PSVR 2 does not move
the same type of numbers as the first one.
And I think there's multiple factors
that come into play this time.
I think number one, I don't think there's a launch title
that's gonna entice people.
I'm not saying they're bad.
I understand many of you have very passionate feelings
about the Dark Pictures anthology shooter,
and rightfully so.
I'm not paying $1,000 though for that.
That's the thing, it's like that console,
I had to get a PlayStation 5, which is like $500,
a PlayStation VR 2, which is $550.
I'm sorry, it's a great game.
I really wanna play it, not paying $1,000 to play it.
I actually think this is where some of the competitors
such as, you know, I'm not supposed to call it Oculus Rift,
but I'm going to,
because I still hate the name meta for the company,
but the Oculus Rift and some of the standalone VR devices,
I actually think they have a bit of an advantage here.
This wasn't the case the first time around
with the PlayStation VR, and I just think as well,
it also comes into those supply and demand issues.
I think there's gonna be a little bit of both.
I think it's that it's gonna be impossible to find.
They are not able to make a lot of them,
but I think at the same time, I think come the holidays,
they're not gonna move as many of them as they'd hoped to.
I think it's just gonna flop.
And I'm sorry, again, I don't mean to be negative,
or I'm not wishing that it's gonna flop.
I just think the math for this launch
doesn't add up the way it did the first time
with the original PlayStation VR.
I think the competition landscape looks a little different.
I'm not sure there's that must-have title
out of what we're seeing in the launch lineup.
I think if people want to play Horizon Zero Dawn,
Horizon Video West, they're gonna go play those games.
I just don't think, again,
I don't think there's that VR experience
that people are begging for.
YYR says, my prediction is that it sells out
its initial launch shipment and then not much else.
The tech looks amazing,
but Sony is not supporting it properly with AAA games.
Where is Spider-Man, Last of Us, God of War, Uncharted?
Bingo, that is exactly it.
On top of that too,
like you look at just people's financial situations.
We're in like a recession.
People are just gonna drop $550
after they dropped $500 for that console.
Like that's a tough sell.
And especially considering that that's more expensive
than say getting a MetaQuest 2 or something like that,
where that's a more affordable option
and you have PC titles, which there are tons of,
and you can get for much cheaper.
Like, I just, I don't know.
Like I said, I really do want to play
that Dark Pictures game.
I'm holding out that they put it on PC at some point.
And if not, then so be it.
I mean, I have Until Dawn, Rush of Blood,
but like I haven't used my PlayStation VR in years.
I haven't used my Rift in years,
although I keep buying games for it though still,
but I plan on it at some point,
but I haven't used my PlayStation VR for a while
and it's very dated.
It's just sad that I can't like use that on PC.
Like, poor Until Dawn, Rush of Blood, please.
Put it on the PC.
I think the one other thing I have to say,
I think, you know,
cause as much as I think Meta is actually unique,
I think now we're seeing why they got into VR
in the first place.
And also like, again, if Meta takes it a step further,
and I don't understand why they're not doing this more yet,
but maybe it's coming, I don't know,
and offers more experiences in VR
and is able to sell VR to the Facebook audience.
And let's be real, the Facebook crowd
and the PlayStation crowd are,
some of it overlaps, so not all of it right now.
I actually think Meta is a little more uniquely positioned.
However, there is a cloud looming all over all of this
because there is another VR device.
And if this VR device, A, is real,
and B, launches in 2023.
Eventually, whenever it decides to come out.
The quote goes, it is over for you hoes.
That is the quote for everybody else.
Exactly, because they're gonna come out and be like,
look it, we invented VR.
It's the first time you could ever experience it
because we came up with it.
If Apple puts out a VR device,
quote, it is over for you hoes.
That is my official, you know what,
that's my sub prediction.
If Apple puts out a VR device, it is over for you hoes.
That's what I'm writing on the card, all right?
All right, let's move on
because I think Dark Soccer probably has something
that is not VR, but maybe she'll surprise me, I don't know.
Dark Soccer, what's a prediction in your camp?
That the Google Chromebook cloud gaming system
is going to bomb.
Oh, do I sense a little stadia bitterness?
I'm not sure.
Tell me about this prediction.
That was a thing.
They're the ones who analysis a week
after saying they're getting rid of stadia.
So I'm just calling it like I see it.
People aren't gonna want to buy a whole laptop
just for cloud gaming and certainly not a Chromebook.
I mean, people are gonna want a good computer
to play good games on, you know.
I just don't see it successful.
I 100% agree with you because I'm also just,
no, nobody should support a Google gaming device
knowing their track record at this point.
Nobody should be buying that.
My money back.
Yeah, that's true, that's true, at least there's that.
And I think that they might think,
oh, well, that's gonna make it all better
and we're gonna do this announcement.
Some of us really enjoyed the platform, you know?
It was a good way, especially like those games
that like when they came out,
they were all like glitchy and stuff, you know, Cyberpunk.
I didn't have like a problem with it.
It played beautifully.
I mean, I did, Boosteroid kind of failed for me
because their servers just were fairly weak
and I'm on G-Force on like the middle program
and that one's doing just fine.
But at the same time, it's like that whole thing,
just to come out with that announcement right afterwards,
there's gonna be people who are gonna lobby against it,
number one, people who are more bitter than I am.
And then on top of that, there's just like,
I already have all of this computer stuff.
Why do I wanna buy another one just to play games on?
Exactly.
If they're gonna do that,
they're gonna get a Steam Deck.
Yeah, exactly.
And that's the thing, it's like you look at,
it's not necessarily just like a Google-developed device,
it's more of like they're trying to sell Chromebooks
a little bit more.
And I mean, you look at the Chromebooks that they offer,
like at least the one they highlight
on the official Google page, the cheapest one's $3.99.
I mean, you might as well just buy a Steam Deck
at that point.
You can do the cloud gaming on there
and you can get Steam games
and you can hook it up as a regular PC
and be able to run a lot of decent stuff.
No one should be messing with Chromebooks.
You're literally like my grandparents
who just check emails and maybe read the news and that's it.
That's the only reason you would need a Chromebook.
And even then, I would just suggest to get a tablet.
It just doesn't make sense.
I mean, seriously, all someone needs
is an iPad Pro and a keyboard and you're set.
Yeah, you don't need a Chromebook.
It's a weird sell.
It's like a Windows phone.
I sold my laptop when I got my iPad Pro
because it did everything my laptop did
and I have a Mac Mini to work on all my other stuff.
So yeah, the whole thing is just janky.
All right, there's a lot of chat going on
about the VR thing and that whole thing.
And I just want to,
because I thought it was a good comment here.
GZDR4EV says, you don't want to watch
The Last of Us TV show or the Twisted Metal show in VR.
Personally, maybe I do,
but not enough people to make a device like that,
like sell, sell, sell would be interested.
And it's a hard truth, I'm sorry.
However, again, because this company
knows how to make an entrance,
if Apple were to unveil one of those devices,
I'm telling you, they're going to have people
watching the new Avatar movie in it.
And even if you personally don't like that answer,
I'm telling you, look at the box office,
look at the track record.
It's going to move beaucoup.
If, you know, again, this is all, you know,
we know it's something they're-
Print money.
Yeah, we know it's something they're experimenting with.
We don't know when, we don't know where,
we don't even know if it'll actually happen.
Experimenting with it doesn't mean
they're ever going to do anything with it.
So, but yes, print money.
Yeah, you know that question mark, question mark,
question mark, step one,
Avatar in 3D home device,
question mark, question mark, question mark, profit, okay?
Apple has a team dedicated to that question mark,
question mark, question mark right now.
And either they're going to figure it out or they're not.
And that's where it goes from here.
Anyway, moving on, back to the gaming producer bit,
just since the chat is dominated with that talk,
I wanted to acknowledge that.
Okay, so back to predictions.
Loki, what's another one?
Let's see.
I think that-
And don't forget chat.
We are looking for your predictions too.
So don't forget to holler some of those out.
I think that the Activision, Blizzard,
Microsoft merger is never going to go through.
And what, why doesn't it go through?
Because they'll try to make an example of them somehow.
I don't know why they'd be punishing that,
entertainment company.
But the way I see it is like, it wouldn't go through.
And then when it doesn't go through,
Sony will try to buy them.
They'll try to buy Activision, Blizzard.
That is so shady, but I could see it.
Absolutely, I could see it.
So by the way, if y'all hear me typing,
it's because I am officially recording our predictions
to the record.
So please excuse my mechanical keyboard noises in the back.
All right, let's go, I guess I'll just go next
since I kind of created that order last time.
So my number two, okay.
Again, I hate to be negative,
but I think it's one of those things at the end of the day
is going to benefit this company at the end of the day.
And my prediction is that
Yoshisuke Matsuda is forced out of Square Enix.
I think all this talk about NFTs,
I think the way the general company's been kind of run,
and I think ultimately,
I'm not saying Final Fantasy XVI doesn't do well,
but I think the way the company has kind of failed
to respond to some of these issues,
such as the lack of diversity in the game.
And I know there is a subset of gamers probably
that don't listen to this show,
but there's probably a subset of gamers out there
that roll their eyes when I say that.
And my answer to that is, tough titty,
because this does ultimately impact sales.
People want to see themselves represented in games, period.
And although I still stand by
that this is a Japanese game industry problem,
here's the problem.
Now Square Enix is the poster child for that problem,
because Matsuda has failed to deflect the issue
or respond to it in any way, really.
And although I think Final Fantasy XVI does fine enough,
I think this is something we're gonna be reminded of
in many interviews, many reviews, many things,
that some would say it starts to be a distraction.
It's not a distraction, I wanna be clear,
but some would say that, especially in Japan.
And I think ultimately Matsuda-san,
between that and the NFT issue,
and I think this whole sale of the other stuff
with now that we know Crystal Dynamics
is making a Tomb Raider thing for Amazon,
I think all of these things are gonna be viewed
as poor fucking decisions
that we're trying to set the company up for being acquired,
and I don't think it gets acquired,
especially if what Loki just said plays out,
Square Enix is gonna get left at the altar
so that Sony can buy Activision Blizzard.
Of course, does that mean Microsoft buys Square Enix?
I don't know.
I kinda don't think Square Enix is bought this year,
and I think Matsuda-san pays the price for that
because the good thing
about the Japanese game development culture
is that it holds its leaders accountable,
unlike a certain Mr. Kotek.
So I think Matsuda pays the price
and leaves Square Enix this year.
That's my thought.
So, DarkSakura, do you have something more positive?
Speaking of Kotek,
I think one way or another,
the company's going to be purchased,
and not only is he going to find himself out of a job,
I have a feeling that there are gonna be
even more legal proceedings against him personally.
You know, people are gonna dig up dirt.
He deserves to have everything thrown at him
and buried for it.
Maybe that's wishful thinking,
but I would love to see a crusty,
horrible man in power just suffer.
That's all.
Can't say I would,
I mean, the only problem is
he'll just laugh on his bed of money the whole way out,
and so that sucks,
but I do agree that the name should not be looked on fondly.
The history books can still record
somebody's name a certain way.
I want to see him completely lose
just any semblance of future business opportunities,
all because of this.
That'll never happen.
He'll get promoted.
He'll leave the company and go somewhere else
and be super god of whatever company it is.
Fucking men.
Sorry, don't mean it that way, but-
No, I get it.
I sort of, yes.
I think to what Loki's saying,
I do think he ends up on the boards of certain companies,
but I think the companies he ends up on the boards of
are just kind of like,
they're gonna be fucking NFT companies
and things that are bullshit anyway.
Like that's how I sort of see it playing out.
Not gonna have any meaningful opportunities.
Right.
All right, let's go-
Of course, I have another idea,
but I'm not gonna say it loud.
All right.
No, it's not violent.
All right, fair enough.
Okay, let's go.
One more prediction from everyone.
Loki.
All right, so I'm gonna give you two
just because one's gonna be runner up
because it's more of like a wish
and I know it's never gonna come true anyways, but-
You can always break the rules around here.
That's fine.
That's fine.
So my official one is gonna be that
Nintendo's gonna finally announce that new console
that they've got cooking up.
It's not coming out until next year though.
I guess that's awfully safe,
but it'll be right around the corner.
So there's that.
And then my second kind of a wish
that I would wish would happen is
the cocaine bear game is gonna be insane
and it's gonna be awesome.
And I just hope it comes out.
Except they're not making a cocaine bear game.
And that's a very,
I absolute missed opportunity right there.
I'm telling you.
They're not making a Megan game either.
And let me tell you-
I know.
That is one of the best movies I've seen
in a long time.
I want to see that.
I want to see that.
I want to see cocaine bear.
And I still want to see violent night at some point.
I just can't, you know,
probably end up having to watch it on streaming.
So quick aside,
because you know I love me a good Shane story here on OLR.
You know, my friend, Shane,
who's guested on my stream and has been on this show
time and time again over the years.
He told me he was going to go see Megan with some friends.
And I'm kind of like,
I don't know if that is going to really be up Shane's alley,
but I'm like,
I'm dying to know what you think of Megan.
Please call me as soon as you leave the theater.
And he did.
He called me and he's like,
that wasn't a horror movie.
That was a comedy,
but it was funny.
It looks funny.
And I would say that it isn't really a horror movie.
It's a comedy.
It's like,
see my favorite horror movie is Elvira,
Mistress of the Dark.
And that's what most people would say.
That's not a horror movie.
That's a comedy.
And it's like,
yes,
but it's,
I think horror can be anyone's genre.
Yes, it is.
There can be funny horror movies.
Exactly.
And it's even funnier if you just kind of close your eyes
for just a second and imagine it's not Megan, the doll,
it's Michelle Tanner.
It's even funnier.
All right.
Dark Sakura, like seriously,
I will see it again if you need a date.
Just saying.
I have a couple of things that I want to see.
That one was on the spot.
We should do that.
We'll do a triple date.
Come on.
I would love to see that movie.
Triple date.
Yay.
I'd love that.
All right.
When was the last time the three of us hang out
in the same physical space?
When we,
I don't know.
I remember when the last times we went on a triple date
was to go see the original Avatar.
So it would be really fucking funny
if the next time we go on a triple date
was to see the counter-programming to Avatar.
I still haven't seen it.
Yeah, I still.
I do actually want to see.
I'm mildly interested in Avatar, the new one.
I hear it's good, but that was the way I felt
about the first one.
The first one I was like, eh, I'm okay.
And I saw it and I was like, it's all right.
I'm waiting for Blu-ray
because I know I'm going to need a poop break
with that movie.
Like, let's be real.
That movie is long.
I just went on streaming that one.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's see.
Pod culture says, OLR, the movie review podcast.
You never know.
You know, we have a TikTok now.
We could record these adventures to the movies.
I'm just saying.
All right.
My turn.
Okay.
Oops, sorry.
Somebody actually posted something that's very adjacent
to what I'm about to say, which is, it is a good thing.
And I'm going bold.
I'm swinging for the rafters with this prediction.
But I think we have a big year for games.
That's not the prediction.
That's the truth.
We have like Starfield.
We have a new Zelda game coming out.
We have Final Fantasy 16.
We have Diablo four.
Like we have game after game after game.
This is a huge year for games.
And you know what?
As long as everybody else is getting in on it,
my prediction is Valve releases A3.
It's 2023.
It is time.
Valve releases A3.
What three?
That's up to them.
And I'm not going to go that far.
Although some would argue Half-Life Alyx was a three,
but we're not going to go there.
I'm going to say Valve.
There's no three in the title.
It doesn't count.
It releases A3.
Yeah, if there's no three in the title, it doesn't count.
Unless, as Bobby Blackwolf says, that title is Megan.
That will count.
Which of course is M3GAN.
A Valve Megan game will absolutely count, period.
Just putting that in the footnote.
But otherwise, yes, it must have a three.
We must have Left 4 Dead 3, Half-Life 3, Portal 3,
like any of these will work.
All right.
In 2023, this is the year to do it.
You have a three in the year title.
Yeah, as two and a half Matt says,
we can keep predicting three with Valve.
At some point, it will come true.
And the time they will announce it?
E3.
I don't know.
I'm not convinced.
I would take a Team Fortress 3.
I really would.
I think it'd be fantastic.
Hell yes.
And like, I would argue Overwatch is vulnerable.
Like, I'm not gonna say, like, I'm not talking shit.
I enjoyed Overwatch 2.
I would just say, I don't think Blizzard
is the king of that hill the way it's assumed they are.
And I think a Team Fortress 3
could absolutely disrupt things severely.
And, I don't know how funny,
people are talking about Steam Deck 3.
I'm not sure Steam Deck 3 counts,
but I think Steam Deck is just motivation for them to do it.
So.
I'll just do Counter Strike Go 2.
You're like, dammit.
Yeah.
Phil of Nine in chat says,
I played Overwatch 2 for a month and was like,
wait, this is the same game as Overwatch 1.
I mean, if you want to get technical,
it's 5v5, not 6v6, huh?
But I get it.
Cause I also played for a month and now I'm like,
okay, like that was cute.
So I would absolutely check out a Team Fortress 3.
I think y'all laugh,
but that absolutely could be the game.
And it counts cause a three would be in it.
All right.
Last but certainly not least, Dark Sakura,
a bold third prediction,
bold third three prediction from you.
I don't know.
I really don't know.
I literally cannot think of anything.
Jamie's prediction.
I literally can't.
How about you predict a killer for 2023 and.
Is this Jason's year?
Well, I have a list and a few of them
have some substantial evidence behind them.
So I am hoping that we get Candyman.
That would be amazing or, or a pumpkin head.
But actually what I see happening,
and this also may be wishful thinking is that I think
they're going to do even more retooling of the game
to remove any benefit from camping and tunneling.
I think just in general, it needs a rework.
They need to skip a patch cycle to just work on the game.
Like it's.
The thing is that new players are doing it.
You see it really heavily at rank reset
and they think that this is how you're supposed to play.
And sorry, kills do not equal skills.
It means you are cheap and lazy.
So let me answer this in chat
because I'm going to take this question seriously
and give you a serious answer.
So Tiger Claw in chat says, how about Megan as a DLC?
And as much as I want to jump out of my seat and go, yes,
yes, it's not going to happen.
I'm going to tell you why.
Because go back.
She's a child.
There's that Android, but yes, I know.
Cause the ring is also a child.
She's not, but she's not a child.
She's 19.
Oh, I thought she was a child.
All right, anyway.
No, that's only in the, in the crappy,
horrible American version and the Japanese version.
Okay, thank you.
The whole story is of her going to be an actress,
how she kills her acting troop,
goes back and her dad kills her.
Well, I just always think of the, I'm sorry,
but she has the best hooking emotion in the entire game
where she has to lift them up and the hook comes down
because she shows sword and then goes back up.
It's so funny.
Anyway, but I love Sadako.
But Sadako is canonically a young adult.
Okay, fair enough.
S2 and Hunter Matt says, what about the Babadook?
For Pride Month, I totally take him.
Oh, I want to go back to the Megan thing
and why not?
Because of Shane's review.
It's not a horror movie, it's a comedy.
And I think ultimately that is,
that is what it boils down to.
If they're going to give us that,
then they should give us the comedy
that would be an even better,
I'm going to say yes, this would be even better
for Dead by Daylight.
Evil Dead though.
Oh, no, when I say comedy,
I mean we need Brenda Meeks from Scary Movie.
That's the one that we need.
The rumor was for the longest time
that we were supposed to get Sidney
when we got Ghostface,
except it's just the Ghostface
and not, you know, the movie character.
Also, I think unfortunately
with what Nev Campbell's going through,
I mean, I...
Yeah, I mean, I'm just said in general.
But there's no, I mean,
Jenny Ortega is literally everywhere right now.
There's no reason her, I mean,
I know I should bite my tongue immediately
that I ever say, you know, Sidney is replaceable.
She's not, but let's be real,
we didn't get Heather Lagenkamp with the...
Because they did the new version.
They did the new version.
So I would say you'd have a better chance
of getting Jenny Ortega,
I can't remember her name in the screen, sorry.
Was it Sam?
No, Sam was the other person.
I didn't, I don't like those movies.
But anyway, especially because her particularly
between that and Wednesday,
she's having a real good year.
She had a really good 2022.
Season two, baby.
Can't wait.
Yeah, she's having a good year, so.
If you want the, you know, the feel of Harry Potter,
but you don't wanna support Harry Potter,
Wednesday's your ticket.
That is a glowing reveal, actually.
I mean, it's basically Harry Potter.
It's except without, you know.
Without transphobia. Transphobia.
I, and I love, I've always loved the Addams family.
So I'm here for that.
It's great.
I love that series.
We made our kids watch it and it's great.
To go back though,
I think that some of these rumored licenses,
we are going to start seeing them around.
Candyman has been teased for a while
and the actor of the original Candyman
was approached to work with behavior.
And they're often saying that they'll work
on their chapters sometimes years in advance.
Yeah.
I would, I would love, I mean,
I was right about Wesker, wasn't I?
Well, it wasn't too hard to predict, but yes.
Yeah, but I mean, we had Nemesis first
and I was like, it's gonna be Wesker.
I also am thinking that there's going to be
a new, another graphical overhaul
for some of the areas that hadn't,
or that maybe were overhauled a little bit longer ago.
And I certainly think that the stupid Borga area,
the Knights area is gonna be changed.
It looks terrible.
It looks like old Cornwind.
All right.
So let's put them in, lock them in.
So here are the recaps one more time.
PSVR2 impossible to find.
PSVR2 flops.
Google Chrome game book bombs.
ABK Microsoft merger doesn't go through
and an example is made of them.
Matsuda forced out of Square Enix.
Kotick forced out of the working world completely.
Nintendo finally announces new console
for what they're cooking up next year.
Cocaine Bear game is insane and awesome.
Valve releases a three, literally can't even,
I'm still putting that in there
and DVD Candyman or Pumpkinhead were the,
kind of the first two that I picked up there.
So, all right, there you go.
Cause I think it'd be funny to look back.
Why did Jamie predict literally can't even?
Is that a prediction?
Because I couldn't.
I mean, and there's gonna be new chapters, you know?
I mean, we even are talking about other changes
coming to Dead by Daylight,
rumored with very reliable resources.
Get to that in a little bit.
Meanwhile, probably speaking of Dead by Daylight,
let's get to what we've been doing this week
in our gaming weeks.
So let's get to, how was your gaming week?
Dark Sakura.
I played Dead by Daylight.
I actually played Killer.
Oh yeah, I peeked at your stream for a little bit
and I saw you playing Pig and I was like,
oh, she's back on her pig bullshit.
Rob, that pig game?
Adept first try.
Oh, good job, congrats.
Right after that, Freddy, Adept first try.
Lucky you.
I almost got Adept for Nemesis
because I actually got a 3K and the hatch
and someone managed to, no, I didn't get the hatch.
It was in Cornwind, so it was really hard to find the hatch.
So someone got it.
But it was a pretty solid 3K, that one.
And I got a lot better with his tentacle power.
But I had a really shitty pyramid head game
and people were just being children.
And so I was like,
well, I'm gonna go play another pyramid head game.
I got to get another 20 seconds of chase in.
And that's when the power went out, end of my stream.
I had gone a whole hour longer, so I'm not mad about it.
But I hated that it was on that terrible pyramid head game.
I'm a little worried for you tonight, though,
because I think the rain starts around 10 o'clock, 10 30.
So fingers and toes crossed
you make it through tonight's stream after the OLR.
See, I'm gonna be doing,
I mean, tonight is quite likely gonna be
a survivor night anyway,
unless Gwen doesn't wanna play.
And other than that, then I'll find ways of doing things.
I'm still trying to work through my Adepts
and if I may say so,
I'm doing a subathon on Friday the 13th,
starting noon to midnight.
Yeah, I picked it on purpose.
It's also like the weekend before I go back to work maybe.
So if you wanna see the shenanigans, come on by.
You might even get to play with me.
I'll try to make a cameo.
I have to work Friday, of course, but I'll try to-
Well, it's going until midnight.
So you got time.
Okay, I got time in the evening.
I have to travel Friday too,
assuming there isn't another fricking storm
because apparently they're all back to back to back.
But anyway.
Yeah, it is what it is.
It is what it is.
All right, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was all Minecraft again.
So I finished up an episode and put that out.
And now I'm working in my modded series too.
I need to film something for that.
I've been just actually playing it.
So more to come.
All right, my gaming week.
I've continued on my MMO stuff,
but now I'm kind of doing equal time
with Final Fantasy XIV and WoW.
And I have to say,
I kind of thought I hit the point where I was kind of like,
okay, I think I'm done with WoW
just because I ran out of things to do.
Like I beat the main campaign.
I'm not interested in really raiding and all that stuff.
And I was like, eh, I could do mythics,
but I don't really know if I'll get a group or whatever.
And then like out of the blue,
I'm on during world quests and Extrofer from Horde House,
his husband is playing right now
and like sent me a message and went,
hey, you want to heal a mythic for us?
And I was like, all right, sure, I'll try.
And I'm like, I'm not very good.
I don't know how it's going to go.
He's like, whatever, whatever, let's just do it.
And sure enough, we changed like four mythics.
We got my keystone all the way to level eight.
We beat, or we actually got it all the way to level 10
because we beat Temple of the Jade Serpent on level eight.
And I thought that was neat too.
I didn't realize they throw classic dungeons, just a few,
but like Temple of the Jade Serpent from Pandaria
and the Shadow Moon Burial Grounds from Draenor
are like actually in the classic rotation
of mythic dungeons.
I thought that was pretty cool.
So, cause that's something I've kind of wanted WoW
to do for a while is bring back their old content
in a meaningful way.
And they're actually kind of doing that.
So I'm going to give them kudos for taking that feedback.
But then Final Fantasy has a big patch on Tuesday
and I'm prepping for that
because Island Sanctuary is getting updates
and I love Island Sanctuary.
So I'm really excited about that.
So yeah, MMO, MMO.
Did I play anything that wasn't an MMO?
Yes, I dabbled with Portal, the original,
but you might remember they recently re-released it
as Portal with RTX.
And I was curious, I was like,
oh, I wonder I have a newer machine.
I wonder how that's going to run.
So I fired it up and it turns out it's the first game
that my nice brand new computer
kind of chokes on a little bit,
at least in 4K, which yeah,
you want to do 4K RTX, okay, look, I know.
My graphics card is pretty good, but it's not that good.
But I can play in like 2K pretty well.
So that was fun.
So, you know, Portal's a standby old favorite.
I'm glad they're still making that game look good
all these years later.
I wish they would just do a three, but okay.
Put a fresh coat of paint on the classics.
At least I didn't have to pay anything for it either.
It was something that was just included
because I own the original Portal.
So that was nice.
So, s2100matt in chat says,
my gaming week was MagFest.
I'm so curious how that was this year.
You'll have to tell me more about how MagFest went.
I'm curious if you were there too while they are.
Maybe you didn't go this year
because I know you have your daughter and all that yet now.
I don't know if you still go to MagFest,
but I'd be super, super curious
how that was for those that went.
So, oh, he posted a bunch of pics and vids
in a thread in our conventions channel on Discord.
I did see some of the pics,
but I didn't see all of the videos.
Hold on, hold on.
Let me, we'll do it live.
Let me do this.
I'm going to go here and I'm going to go to conventions
and oh, we're not seeing anything.
I'm sorry.
Let me try to figure out what's going on over here.
Sorry, folks.
Oh, I think this is because of the update they just did.
There we go.
Okay, yeah, this is interesting.
So they have some actual machines that are there.
Yeah, I did see some of these.
So I saw that there's like plenty of sound
Voltex machines that they have set up and said,
wow, like three Step Maniacs cabs.
So they were set for the music game fans.
Ooh, there's some Pokken for.
I just got one of those nearby too.
They opened up a brand new arcade here
in the Folsom outlets
and they've got a Step Maniacs there
in the groove three, totally legit.
Do you know why that arcade is totally loaded?
It's probably either from the Rockland one
or from the drive-in, I'm guessing.
It is the same guy who stocked the Rockland one
in the drive-in that actually runs that arcade.
So that arcade is gonna be a hotspot.
Oh, neat.
Someone doing a speed run of Portal
with Ellen McClain doing commentary.
That's pretty awesome.
Bye.
That's awesome.
I do actually have some other local news.
Oh yeah, what's that?
The game room is having a new arcade director.
Oh, really?
That's all I know about it,
but apparently Joe is gone.
Interesting.
But yeah, I was gonna say, speaking of Ellen McClain,
I was really taken with how much GLaDOS inspiration
there was in Megan.
That was pretty impressive, for sure.
Let's see, some indie arcade games.
I'm not gonna go through all of these videos,
especially live.
Typing party arcade game.
This is a rock, paper, scissor game
where you have to protect your fort
from flying rock, paper, and scissors.
What is this?
Typing party.
This looks kind of fun.
I'm waiting for the actual action to happen.
Oh, here we go.
Oh, so you're actually typing the word
that goes with the rock, paper, scissor.
Oh, that's clever.
So it's like you're on two sides
and they're throwing things at each other
using the rock, paper, scissors mechanic.
All right, that's clever.
I like that.
Thank you for that video.
And let's see, Pin City.
What was the one?
You said something in chat.
Oh, a pinball walkthrough for dark soccer, I guess.
And any pinball fan out there.
It is hard to make out some of these machines,
but I see a Godzilla.
There we go, the lighting kicked in there.
Okay.
So it's-
Did you play Weird Al?
Was there a Weird Al?
Oh yeah, was there a Weird Al?
If Stern had a presence there,
not Stern, but a P3.
Anyway, thank you for the videos.
It looks like the gaming area is still hopping.
Oh God, you'll have to go
because he sent like seven pinball videos.
Unfortunately, I can't play them all live,
but yeah, wow, it looks like it was hopping over there.
Holy goodness, like BeatMania machines
right up next to each other, like several of them.
Yeah, it looks like Magfest was pretty off the hook.
There's a lot of interesting collectibles in there too.
All right.
If you want to go through the channel later on,
and I suggest you do, head on over to our Discord channel,
vognetwork.com slash Discord,
and you can actually look for that thread
in the conventions channel.
There's a thread, you kind of hover over it
and you can see Magfest 2023 photos, videos.
Thank you, Matt, for uploading that.
Really appreciate that.
And by the way, since we didn't have an OLR last week,
may I say congratulations and mazel tov, Matt,
on your engagement, because that happened.
So thank you for, that reminded me to say that
because we weren't here last week, so.
And s2100matt says, no Weird Al, sadly.
Lexi Light Speed was a pretty cool newer to me table, so.
Lexi Light Speed is a pretty fun one, I have to admit.
I had a lot of fun with that one.
There's some others that I don't like,
but my top two, Weird Al is at the top
and then Lexi Light Speed.
Dr. Studio says, yeah, I'm sad we don't have any cons
like that near us outside San Diego Comic-Con,
but that's a bit out of our price range.
They used to have a big one.
I don't think it was Barstow, maybe it was Riverside,
but it was somewhere out in Inland Empire.
They had like a big, but they liquidated that whole thing.
Remember that?
It was somebody who brought it up on the show
that they were kind of keeping an eye on that
as that was liquidating.
But yeah, probably the closest thing you have right now
is California Extreme, that I know of.
I'm sure Southern California must have
some arcade collectible community there
that maybe we just don't know where the show is yet.
But anyway, we got to move on.
We got to get into the news this week.
There still are a few things that happened,
so let's get into it.
Some pretty big news headlines to kick off 2023, right, Loki?
Yep, there's actually things this week.
So first off, we've got another studio that is unionizing.
So the Blizzard studio that has worked on, I guess,
the World of Warcraft expansion, Dragonflight.
It's Proletariat announced that they're, I guess,
planning on unionizing on.
They announced that on Tuesday.
And they have 60 employees.
So they have the new Proletariat Workers Alliance
and is unionizing with the Communications
Workers of America.
And they said they have a super majority of support
among their qualifying staff at the studio.
And let's see what their vision statement says here,
what they're looking for.
They said, let's see, they want to fight
to ensure there are progressive human-first benefits
such as flexible PTO policy, remote work
as a permanent option, and robust health care,
open and transparent communication over compensation,
and pushing to pay employees a thriving wage,
clear, equitable, and actionable processes
and resources for workers to attain their career
goals such as professional development,
pass to promotion, and raises.
Overtime is never mandatory.
And refusing doesn't affect performance evaluations.
Transparent process by which management and workers
can hold each other accountable without fear of retaliation.
And a culture and policies prioritize DEI
in every level of decision making
and support underrepresented groups
so that we can build the most diverse and equitable AAA game
studio in the country.
Cool.
And apparently, there hasn't been any pushback on it
so far, so.
There won't be for Microsoft.
They've made it pretty well known.
Well, not Microsoft, but you know.
Oh, regulatory, right.
Well, Activision Blizzard, you know, doing their busting.
They have no choice.
And they know it.
This is where it's going, you know.
And because if they were to push back,
it could fuck their whole deal with Microsoft.
They can't.
So it is what I think.
And this is going to be the first of many you
see this coming year, that's for sure.
Yeah, I think I'm surprised it's so few so far,
but it's just momentum.
Once you see more studios going this route,
then more will follow.
Yep.
All right, well, moving on to our next story.
It is the first week of the year,
first full week of the year.
And that means, of course, Awesome Games Done Quick
is back.
And Awesome Games Done Quick is doing their 2023 speed run
marathon.
They're going to be debuting some new speed runs this year,
including Stray, Splatoon 3.
Of course, a lot of these games just came out, right?
Powerwash Simulator, that's going to be interesting.
And Neon White, yeah, are all debuting this year.
So that's pretty cool.
The event runs from today, the 8th, through January 15th.
This is all online.
You may or may not remember, originally,
AGDQ was being looked at for Florida
as they had done in the past.
And that was the trend in the past.
But when Summer Games Done Quick was in person
in the Mall of America town in Minnesota,
when they did Summer Games Done Quick there,
they were taking COVID precautions very seriously,
probably to a further extent than you have probably
seen probably any other convention at this point do.
If you want to go to Bobby Black Wolf's show
because he's involved with Games Done Quick
with the commentating.
And he went, go look for his episode
that goes into all the details about how far their COVID
procedures went.
But you know what?
They worked.
You know what you didn't hear from Games Done Quick?
Any COVID transmission.
You didn't hear it.
So precautions worked.
So they took precautions.
So there is that.
And it does seem like Florida was not
going to allow them, essentially.
Long story short, I'm making a long story very, very short.
But basically, Florida was not a safe place
to have Games Done Quick between their options for COVID
and, of course, not just that, but you
look at Florida's governor and a lot of the holy crusades
he's decided to go on recently.
And it's not a safe place for people in other ways.
So Games Done Quick, the virtual thing worked.
So let's do that.
So they're going to do the virtual awesome Games Done
Quick.
Anyway, some other runs.
Cult of the Lamb, they're going to speed run as well.
That's interesting.
So that's pretty cool.
It'd be too hard.
Yeah.
Ninja Turtles Shredders Revenge, Tiger Claw.
I'm sure you're going to be watching that.
No Elden Ring, unless they're saying perhaps it's a bonus
game, but I don't think that was on the schedule.
But that's OK, because they mix it up.
Of course, AGDQ is raising money for the Prevent Cancer
Foundation.
2022 raised $3.4 million.
And yeah, they've raised over $41 million
for charity since 2010.
That is very, very cool.
Bobby Blackwolf in Chat says, fun fact.
Unlike previous events, bits and subs on their Twitch channel
do not go to charity, but go toward paying the hotel
cancellation fees.
Wow.
So it shows you how serious they were about this whole thing.
So I mean, it's a bummer.
You know what?
But in a way, the optics of that make
it look like the hotel is taking the charity's money.
And so it is kind of a smart move by the Game Stunt
Quick organization, to be honest.
Because the hotel could have opted to just let it go.
But I guess I understand there's employees and things
like that that they've got to pay.
So there's got to be a middle road somewhere.
Interesting.
As Jordan heard Matt talking about MAGFest,
since we're talking about COVID precautions,
what does that look like in 2023?
MAGFest took precautions very seriously as well this year.
Everyone had to be vaxed to masks at all times to enter.
And for the most part, everyone followed procedure very well
with mild grumbling.
Interesting.
Very interesting.
By the way, speaking of our pal Bobby Black Wolf,
I do want to give a shout out.
Because as I mentioned, he does commentating for Game Stunt
Quick and has for a few years now,
ever since they went virtual.
Or at least, if not the first one,
the one right after that.
He's been doing it for a while.
And he will be participating with this one as well.
If you want to tune in, I don't know how he's going to do it.
Because he's going to be back awake.
His first shift is coming up overnight.
So probably by the time most of you have heard this podcast,
you've probably already missed his first shift
that took place at 3 o'clock in the morning West Coast time,
or 6 o'clock in the morning Eastern.
But he'll be commentating for Gun Grave,
Armored Core Project Phantasma,
Bomberman 64, The Second Attack, and Onimusha 2.
Those runs are happening overnight tonight.
Well, overnight for us on the West Coast.
But this is a great opportunity for you VOG Network folks
in Europe.
This is very well timed for you.
Or even places like Japan and Australia.
This is a weird time of the clock for us in the States.
But it's a very good time of the clock for those of you
in other countries.
So if you ever want to hear Bobby Blackwolf do his thing,
you get a chance this year.
The one you'll probably have a better chance
of catching Bobby at will be Thursday
at 3.30 in the morning our time,
6.30 in the morning East Coast time.
He's going to be closing out the awful block
with bad guys at school.
And Steven Seagal is the final option.
Oh, geez.
Which apparently has a lot of lulls behind it.
So that's why that's the one that's closing out the block.
And then he also gets to do a Mega Man ZX speedrun
as they transition back into the less awful games
part of the show there.
And that is all overnight for us on Thursday.
But again, for Europe, that's what?
Add five hours.
That's practically noon time.
He'll probably be.
I mean, there's always delays and things like that,
but practically noon time for folks in GMT.
So pretty cool.
Good luck, Bobby.
All right, let us move on.
Darsakha, you hinted at this earlier.
Yeah.
So now people weren't really believing it at first
until DBD leaks put out something.
And DBD leaks for anyone who follows Dead by Daylight,
they are some of the most reliable people for any news
about what's going to be going on in Dead by Daylight.
They've shown outfits before they're released.
They've given, you know, like the advent calendar.
I think they knew it before it was released,
all of this business.
So the PTB, the public test beta files are out
and people, of course, data miners
are going to look for whatever they can.
So they were finding that his three perks,
which I mean, they're very specific names.
It's what Franklin's demise, barbecue and chili,
and why can't I think of the other one?
Knockout.
Yeah, the one I don't use.
But I mean, but two of them specifically
are named after, you know, things important to the movie.
So there are now, there were screenshots floating around
of it saying like, I have to find a picture for it again,
but it's like replacement, barbecue and chili, blah, blah,
blah, rare perk.
Whereas if it's specific to a character,
it would say like rare, the cannibal perk.
I am going to point out those saying
that the stranger things characters,
even though their perks were changed,
it still has, for me at least, Demogorgon perk,
Nancy perk, you know, stuff like that,
even though they are supposed to be generics
and act like generics.
But that's the rumor of what's going on with Bubba's perks.
What that means is that the theory
is that behavior is going to be losing the license
for the Texas Chainsaw Massacre,
which as I recall, isn't it,
wasn't that their first licensed character was Bubba?
Myers was, then they got Bubba.
Myers was, that's right, Myers was.
But at any rate, you know,
but this is the character that inspired the game.
I mean, the whole meat hook thing,
that came from Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
I mean, they even had a character based off of Leatherface,
you know, the hillbilly who ran around with a chainsaw
and, you know, grunted a lot.
Now, the other thing that gives a little bit more evidence
to this is that in pulling the actual data for it,
they have also that they're listed as Perk Barbecue Chili
underscore name underscore alt.
So that's indicating that particular piece of change.
There is, hold on, it's going to be one other thing.
I've got to find my other resource
because I forgot to link it to you.
It's actually this, I don't want to play the YouTube video,
but it's got the screenshot that I need in it.
It's one of the videos I follow,
and he's been completely full of crap before,
but is Mint Skull.
There is, he had a screenshot also
of some of the code for the licensed characters.
And the piece of the code for the licensed character
is that next to leather faces, it says license expire true.
And if you look at other licensed characters,
like they checked ash.
Next to ash, it was license expire false.
So in the end, they're probably going to end up doing with Bubba
what they did, what they're doing with the stranger things.
The stranger things content,
where the character is going to be removed for purchase.
He will still be in the game,
but if you have not already purchased him
and all of his cosmetics,
you will not be able to get him again.
And the going theory is that it's due to the,
the Texas Chainsaw Massacre game that's coming out.
I mean, that was sort of what happened
with Stranger Things content.
Although, I mean, the rumors have been floating around
about Stranger Things coming back,
but some of that was disproven.
I was going to say that's the one thing
that DBD Leaks thus far has gotten wrong
is the DBD Leaks was on this Vecna.
There was reason to believe it,
but those ended up being fan-made renders.
Oh, cause I was gonna say, to be fair,
and it looked legit.
It could be the next DLC
because they were saying it was going to be
around the time the night came out,
but it could just be as simple as
Behavior didn't want to do two licenses back to back
cause they had just done Resident Evil.
And I don't think they've ever done
two licenses back to back.
So it could just, you know,
there's a lot of things that could happen,
but it could be that the Stranger Things happened
just comes back with Vecna.
And I think they were saying Joyce would be at all
for Nancy or whatever.
I don't know.
It could be all fan-wank, who knows,
but that that would all hit the game in the next.
We get the cop guy, who I can never remember his name.
Oh, Dommer.
We could give him him and Joyce.
That would be cool.
It would be cool,
but I think that,
weren't they saying Eddie for the male killer?
Or not male, I'm sorry.
Male survivor would be Eddie.
Maybe.
Maybe.
We need Barb back.
But Hopper, thank you.
Why would they say Dommer?
You know what though?
Is it like if they did bring it back,
would they bring back Hawkins?
So I need to go load up my Windows partition
so that I can rip the content
and see if the Hawkins map is still,
because all up until a couple of PTBs ago,
at least to my knowledge,
because I haven't gone for files since then,
the maps and assets for Hawkins
was still in the game files.
Of course, also.
Oh, I was just to say,
I do want to point out,
because you had also pointed this out to me
and I did go,
Oh yeah.
Is that, you know,
with the Texas Chainsaw Massacre game,
you know,
it makes a lot of sense why this is happening.
Stranger Things games,
those,
I think at this point,
they were probably making more money
from the Dead by Daylight thing
than they were from those Stranger Things games.
So Netflix is probably come around on that finally.
But you did make a good point.
You said when the Evil Dead game came out,
they didn't pull Ash.
Because Bruce Campbell likes money.
I mean,
I'm going to be flat out about this.
That's true.
Back when I saw The Man with the Screaming Brain,
which was a really crappy movie he was in,
he was there at the Crest.
And he was like,
yeah,
this movie here paid for my roof.
This movie here got my kids braces,
you know,
and I was like,
I was like,
I don't see Bruce Campbell
not allowing his likeness to be used
for anything related to Ash.
So that's just Bruce.
That's just,
yeah,
you know,
Bruce Campbell.
He likes money.
And I think it could be a timing thing, too,
is that these license agreements
are probably locked in for about five years.
And we're probably past the five years.
And now you have this Texas Chainsaw Massacre game
coming out.
It doesn't add up good.
It was probably less for Stranger Things
because, you know,
it's got different kind of IP.
But I don't think Ash has been in the game
more than two years at this point.
So probably even isn't playing then.
Yeah.
Even if Evil Dead was coming out
is probably one of those things
where they were locked into contracts
still anyway.
So who knows?
Locopoco in chat says it's sad
that the license is going to go away,
but the license stuff was never guaranteed
to stay forever as much as we wanted it.
When DVD came to Switch,
they had to renegotiate Freddy's chapter
because it wasn't available with it
when it released.
That's a good point.
I didn't realize that.
You know what I would like to see, though,
like as a surprise?
I would like to see a classic Freddy chapter.
Oh, yeah.
Where we where we get like,
like, say, we get Elm Street as a map,
you know, with the house
in the center intact and everything,
kind of like the Myers house.
I mean, that would be too many things
that are exactly the same.
Or we have something like Hawkins.
You could easily translate the Hawkins map
into a big boiler room, you know?
Yes to all of that.
But literally just Nancy is enough.
Like, literally just Nancy
would make so many people happy.
If they did bring out Nancy, though,
I would also want Alice.
Sorry, I'm team Alice in this.
Fair enough.
Um, but yeah, I and you know,
there's, you know,
I watched some of those YouTubes
you sent me a little later,
and some person was kind of going off
about how the loss of this license
is so devastating because it kind of ruins.
Oh, yeah.
That was the multiple video, right?
I don't know the whole.
It's interesting how people make
five minute YouTube videos out of two.
But here we are with the three hour
podcasts or whatever.
So Turnabout's fair play.
So it's just how how horrible
it was going to be for the whole,
like multiverse of horror thing.
And I'm kind of like,
look, the game still doesn't have Jason.
So it's not like it really has everything.
And I kind of I kind of think
if DBD ever gets Jason,
that's the note you go out on.
Like, we got them all there.
There ain't no more done.
You know, even though
as long as that game prints money,
they're still going to keep making DLC for it.
But I feel like once you have Jason,
because the Friday the 13th game
has got to be over five years old at this point.
So I have no idea
where those licenses sit.
I know it's messy.
But heaven forbid they can work that out.
Jason coming to Dead by Daylight
would be fucking huge, to put it lightly.
And that's it.
You don't you don't get any bigger license
for DBD than Jason.
And that's the note you go out on,
to be honest.
Would like to see Jason in the game,
you know, which honestly,
Trapper in my esteem is the
the answer to Jason.
Yeah, be a mask cleaver,
that kind of stuff.
So, yeah, we'll see.
All right.
We'll see.
All right.
Well, moving on.
One place you can play Dead by Daylight
is on your PlayStation.
And Sony had a lot to say at CES.
We have yet to say it during the show,
but Consumer Electronics Show was this week.
And usually the CES is more for
literally consumer electronics.
E3 was kind of spun off from CES
to be specifically about,
you know, electronic entertainment.
CES is like new TVs.
Megan dolls would fit in really great at CES.
Arcade 1up usually announces things at CES.
We'll get to that in a minute.
But Sony sometimes does things at CES
because remember all the other crap Sony does.
And I say that would love all the other crap,
like TVs, sound, movies.
You know, Sony does get into consumer electronics.
Yes.
So they had some things to say at CES.
Right, Loki?
Yeah.
They talked a little bit about PlayStation
and announced a few things.
So one of the things that they announced
is a brand new controller.
That's this Project Leonardo.
And it is almost it's similar
to the adaptive controller
that Microsoft put out of.
Well, now it's like four years ago.
It looks like two spherical portions
of a controller with different buttons on each one.
Or I should say they're almost like paddles.
They're really large and slightly customizable.
I got to say, though,
it doesn't look as customizable
as the adaptive controller like that.
You could really do like any possible thing you want with.
This looks a little bit more constrained,
but at least it's a step in the right direction
to add some more accessibility to the PlayStation 5.
And I'm not sure where it's going to be coming out
or when it's coming out for how much or whatever,
but it is something at least that they showed off.
So that's cool.
That's something in the right direction.
Also announced that the PlayStation 5
is surpassed 30 million units sold,
which is surprising considering we couldn't get one
and they were sold out everywhere.
So I guess they're moving units.
So that's good.
OK, but Loki, the lie detector test
on where to get those units.
I don't know about that.
Yeah, well, they're saying that it's going to be
readily available this year.
We'll see if that actually ends up happening.
But because they've had unprecedented demand,
they say for the console in the last two years,
that's why it sold so many.
And this is globally, of course.
Let's see.
So PlayStation 5's in stock.
Let's see.
Not there, not there, not there, not there, not there.
Gee, I can't find one within 50 miles of here at a target.
So I'm going to say that was a lie.
Well, yeah, they're saying that's going to be this year.
So I'm assuming that you got to give them
a little bit of time here.
But they've basically in December,
they said that they've resolved their supply issues
in Asian territories.
But yet I don't know if it's necessarily overcome
that everywhere else.
So we'll have to wait and see.
But that's what they're saying.
I mean, they can always they could say that now.
And then three months from now, they could just be like,
oh, yeah, well, whoops, we I guess we're just so popular
that I just sold out, you know, so we'll just spin it that way.
All right, well, back to the good news
about the accessibility controller.
As to 100 Matt says, I'm so glad that Sony partnered
with a lot of organizations, including able gamers,
making games more accessible for everyone makes gaming
better and more gamers.
Yes, to all of that.
That is a very good announcement out of consumer electronic
show for sure.
The other part of what they said to be determined,
but I'm not sure I believe him yet.
But we'll see.
We'll see.
They sure seem confident what they're saying.
And again, I don't I don't see how the PlayStation VR 2
can sell a lot of units if there's not a lot of,
units out there.
But anyway, moving on, let's talk about some news
from arcade one up out of CES.
As I mentioned, they tend to show new machines and so forth
at consumer electronic show, and a little bit out of left
field for their new machine.
Their new machine they announced is a Wheel of Fortune
casino Cade.
So a lot of us, you know, the collect the classic arcade
machines kind of look at that and go, huh, what, why?
But let's be real.
It is a market that is untapped yet.
And there would be fans of casino games and yet they exist
that would be interested in this kind of thing when they
may not be as interested in a Tron or a Burger Time machine
or whatever, you know, arcade one up you can think of.
So it is expanding there are attempting to expand their
audience.
So it's interesting.
But certainly I look at a Wheel of Fortune arcade one up
and I go not for me.
But you know, the sights and sounds of casino.
I have a friend that's very interested in collecting these
types of casino collectibles, because that's what he likes.
And so there are people that do enjoy the fake casino
experience.
I mean, would they keep making poker, blackjack slot machine
games for Android and iOS if people weren't eating them up?
So there's a lot of people that like the fake casino stuff.
So a lot of people like the real stuff too.
But there's a market for this.
I just don't think it's any of us.
But there's that.
However, maybe a little more up our alley, the arcade one up
infinity game board.
So that's, it's basically like a giant tablet, but a little
more firm, you know, a little more for game night that, you
know, you can play like a virtual Uno and things like that
on.
But as far as like the machine collectibles, they're going
to be doing some more deluxe machines.
So those are the full size arcade machines.
They did Killer Instinct, I think was the big one at CES
last year.
So they're even bigger than the ones behind me because
technically these are three quarters size on a riser.
So the deluxe ones are like true original arcade size.
So there's going to be a Mortal Kombat deluxe with Mortal
Kombat 2 branding all over it.
But that includes most of the Midway stuff from the 80s or
90s, 80s around that era.
There's also going to be a Pac-Man deluxe, which is basically
your Namco greatest hits, you know, your Mappy and so forth.
There's also going to be a Ms.
Pac-Man deluxe.
So they've got those rights issues sorted out where Ms.
Pac-Man and Pac-Man are both available.
And a class of 81 deluxe, which is the one that split on
how it looks.
It's got Ms.
Pac-Man and Galaga in it as there was a famous arcade machine
called Class of 81 that was just like that.
It had him split there.
So, yeah, it's funny.
Like I read that wrong at first and I thought it had 81 games
and I'm like, dang, the friendly stepping up.
No, no, no.
In fact, I think Class of 81 deluxe might literally only
have those two games.
I don't think it has much more, but the other ones are.
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
I stand corrected.
12 games in Class of 81, but I don't see a list, at least
not readily available for me to grab.
But generally these things tend to be like a best of, you
know, Namco type of thing.
You know, whoever the company is on there.
So looking in chat.
Orange Riot is talking about the casino going, my parents
love the fake slot machine games on Facebook.
Yeah.
And the interesting thing is, I mean, I don't know how recently
any of you have been to a casino, but if you think casinos
now are still pull the lever and that whole thing.
Like, yeah, those games are still there, but that is not
the majority of games.
The majority of casino slot machine games now are like
touch screen type of things where all the slots are there.
And then the bonus round is a touch game.
And that's what they're going for with this Wheel of Fortune
thing, because they're kind of trying to gamify something
that's a little harder to gamify, because I think they're
actually putting puzzles in it, which don't exist in the
actual Wheel of Fortune slot machine.
But okay, whatever.
So.
Oh, thank you.
Orange Riot says the 12 games in the Class of 81 are Ms.
Pac-Man, Galaga, Galaga 88, Galaxian, Dig Dug and Dig Dug 2,
Mappy, Rally X, Rolling Thunder, Rompers, Tower of Draga,
King and Balloon.
See, those games have all been in before, except I think
Rompers and King and Balloon.
I think now they're digging deeper, which it's weird that
they don't do things like, what the fuck was the dragon game
that was in every Namco collection?
Oh, my God, you're riding on the backs of dragons.
It's a shooting game.
Why am I completely blanking right now?
Dragon Spirit.
Yeah, Dragon Spirit.
I beat chat.
I beat chat.
I beat it.
Dragon Spirit delay, delay.
But I'm kind of surprised I'm not putting stuff like that
in there.
So, yeah.
And Fenaris is Joust.
Joust isn't Namco, but I believe Joust is on that Mortal
Combat Cabinet, because that's in the classic Midway.
So, oh, sorry.
Rama's right.
You're not riding on the back of the dragon.
You are the dragon.
See, I got it mixed up with the Dreamcast thing.
But anyway, I know I'm literally firing myself.
All right, moving on.
Where are we at?
Are we?
Who has this next story?
Is it me?
Oh, I missed a story in the sidebar.
So I was like, what is wrong here?
Yes.
Dark Soccer, you're actually next with a story that is not
on our sidebar.
Sorry about that.
Oh.
User error.
Oh, gosh.
Yeah.
And I was so focused on Debbie.
So at any rate, Atari is announcing a new handheld,
a mini arcade in-home console.
It looks weird and kind of retro.
It's the Atari and My Arcade releasing
these three collaborations.
So we have the My Arcade Atari Micro Player,
which looks like a desktop, a tabletop arcade cabinet.
And then we have the My Arcade Atari Pocket Player,
little handheld dedicated.
I mean, you've seen the My Arcades at the store.
They have a lot of them like that.
Yeah.
Well, no, I'm talking about the little personal
handheld gameplay.
Those I don't have.
I have the little arcade replicas, but yeah.
Yeah.
And I've got a bunch of those too,
at least the ones that are good.
And then the last one is the My Arcade Atari Game Station Plus
that actually reminds me in coloration of the Atari 7800
and a little sort of retro futuristic looking joysticks
that have extra buttons and twisties on them.
So, and they did clarify that it will include a collection
of games from the 2600, 7800 and the arcade.
What about the 5200?
The best games are the 50.
Fuck them.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm pissed.
But at any rate.
It looks better than a flashback does.
It's a nice looking thing.
So we'll see what they're like when they come out.
I'll reserve some judgment.
Better this than that VCS computer or whatever the hell
they were trying two years ago.
It was silly.
Yeah.
Right.
All right.
Now that my brain is back on track,
Loki, what do you have for us?
Yes.
So it's kind of cool.
We've got this story.
We talked about this, I think a little bit ago where there
was a DMCA takedown of Did You Know Gaming's video on the
Heroes of Hyrule, which was a work in progress game that
never made it to the DS.
But it was supposed to be coming out on the Nintendo DS,
kind of a tactics Zelda game.
And it was taken down by, I think, Nintendo themselves.
But they have, I guess, worked with or fought against it
with YouTube, and now it has been able to be put back up.
They were able to win their case, I guess.
So that's cool.
And we get to actually see some information about this
unpublished game that Nintendo, I guess, didn't want us
knowing about.
The only thing that irritates me about all of this is that
thank you, Madeline.
Sorry, off screen.
Nice husband bringing me a drink.
So the only thing that is disappointing about this is that
Nintendo ought to get a strike.
That's the way this should work.
These companies claim things that there isn't their right
to claim.
They should get a strike.
But that's not how YouTube is set up, unfortunately.
Right.
Basically, they did a DMCA takedown.
He counter noticed.
So if they said countered again, then they would get a
strike on the channel, and they would have to go to court
over this.
But they never, I guess, responded.
So.
And Nintendo, you do not want that court case.
I mean, I know Nintendo is a big, scary company, but this
is the type of thing, this video, and maybe Nintendo could
read the tea leaves on this.
This is the type of thing that catches fire on Reddit.
And some fucking lawyer goes, I'll do it pro bono to stick
it in Nintendo on this.
And this is the type of thing that just Nintendo doesn't
want this.
It was a mistake for them to do this in the first place.
And maybe this is their way of quietly admitting that.
But Nintendo is smart to not pursue this any further.
Exactly.
Because it's not like it was a project that they're working
on right now, as far as we're aware.
It's not something that they would be embarrassed by.
It's just something that they never made.
They decided not to go with it.
Well, and there's so much precedent out there where it's
like, we've seen documentaries about movies that were not
made, lost TV pilots that were never meant to actually be
on air that, you know, end up getting like the whole, like,
documentary of things that didn't happen, especially after
a certain statute of limitations.
Like, again, it's not like this game was scheduled to come
out this year.
It was supposed to come out in the DS era, right?
So like, like, damn near 20 years ago, at least 15 years
ago. So it's like, it's not worth it to Nintendo to fight
this. And, you know, then, of course, the internet is quick
to label everything Streisand effect these days.
But in part, yes, I guarantee you now more people have seen
that documentary.
Nintendo ultimately lost this.
More people saw that documentary because gaming, journalism,
social media all put that YouTube link this week in announcing
that it's back.
That's all these hits now.
There it is.
Tiger class says, remember Star Fox 2, a game that was never
supposed to be released, but eventually did get released.
Well, yes, that's a little different because Nintendo kind
of put that out themselves.
So it's not really like, but I mean, maybe I could read into
that is that maybe Nintendo wanted to do a DS classic someday
and put the canceled Zelda game in it.
And maybe they're a little worried about that.
I mean, that's the only thing where you might be able to
go. Oh, that's why they did it.
But again, I think they did more damage to their cause because
now everybody's copy post pasting that link.
But Tiger Clay, you do bring up an interesting parallel is
that just because the game got canceled doesn't mean it's
canceled forever.
You know, and I could very much see a DS classic as something
Nintendo does in the future is so weird to think that that's
where we're at.
But a little a cheap little DS handheld doesn't have to even
be 3DS.
A cheap little DS handheld with, like, 25 games preloaded
onto it would be huge.
And I bet Nintendo does.
I there may be more.
Yeah, VG realness.
Hi, friend.
In chat says, temper your expectations.
It's Nintendo.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Bring me down to Earth.
But I feel like a DS classic could be a thing, but maybe
not before we have a Game Boy classic.
We still need it.
Like, if they want to do something real fucking cheap,
do it.
Don't even backlight it.
Do a classic 90s brick fucking Game Boy.
Of course, the Tetris license might be a challenge to them.
Do you think they dare put something like that out without
Tetris? I don't know.
Yes, maybe.
Anyway.
All right, let's move on.
Let's talk about Konami.
And Konami is teasing more stuff for the year 2023, not
just their Silent Hill stuff, but new developments for
familiar series.
And I don't even think this means they're arcade stuff.
So this is the year of the rabbit.
So we are planning power ups and new developments for familiar
series with the aiming of leaping even further.
This is a quote from Famitsu.
Additionally, we're deeply and quietly progressing on new
projects that we have yet to announce to you all.
Konami is leaping forward.
What a strange tie in.
So by all means, keep bringing Frogger up.
Well, you probably because I was like, like, time pilot,
like, leaping forward in time.
No, it's probably fucking Frogger game.
That's a Frogger game.
Good job, Loki.
You ruin everything.
All right, you're probably right, though.
Okay, so we're going to get to our next segment.
Before I roll the segment, because Dark Sakura has already
put this together for us.
I do want to quickly mention about the 2020.
I still need to talk over it.
Oh, I thought this was.
I told you my audio got lost last night.
Oh, my bad.
My bad.
Well, then quickly, before we roll it, I want to talk about
the 2023 twist, because we kind of threw out a few things.
So of course, the classic game of the week is the segment
we do every week here on Orange Zones Radio.
But ever since what, like 2017, maybe 2016, I'd have to go
check on the wiki.
But you've been mixing it up for a while now is that one
month out of the year, you will do a different category.
Previous categories have included classic 8-bit soundtracks,
classic pinball machines.
And just last year we was that peripherals and consoles.
Flag was a personal favorite of mine.
But this last year we did classic electronic handhelds.
This year, what is the new category officially?
Because we've thrown a few ideas out there, but officially,
what is our new category for 2023?
Classic non-video game games.
All right.
And what defines a non-video game game?
It's a game that isn't a video game.
Perfect.
All right.
Quote it, print it, put it on the back of the box.
That being said, let's get to the segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where
I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell
you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right.
And Dark Sakura, what did you...
Whoa, sorry.
Wrong screen.
Dark Sakura, what did you pick for the classic game?
Set on the screen, it's Mall Madness.
Mall Madness, sometimes called Electronic Mall Madness,
it is a shopping themed board game by Milton Bradley.
The original was released in 1988 with a talking version
in 1989.
The game has been updated several times, a new design
in 1996 and an update in 2004.
The last one was in 2020.
Oh, and there's other versions, including a Hannah Montana
version and a Littlest Pet Shop.
The Hannah Montana version actually has the distinction
of being the first version that has a dude on the cover.
So at any rate, the game was designed for players,
four players, nine and up, mostly young teenage girls.
And there were commercials targeting them and spending
the money and running all over the place.
You know, commercialism.
At any rate, it had the following contents in the box.
There was the box, the game board, the computer,
the instruction manual, four rubber pads to prevent
the pieces from slipping, six plastic wall pieces,
four cardboard shopping lists, two sale items,
one clearance sign, eight plastic ponds, two of each color,
which are red, blue, yellow, green, and one being male,
one being female, 40 plastic pegs to mark the shopping list,
paper money that looks kind of like current, you know,
American money, but color coded, four cardboard credit cards
and 29 pieces of cardboard to hold the thing together.
It's a three-dimensional field that looks like
a shopping mall with two stories.
There's some other places in there, but right in the center
is your little bank slash credit card thing.
So the voice, the computer thing dictates
where you're playing and it uses like double A's to run.
The computer parts are all made in the US.
It's very keen on saying so.
So the computer has two voices, one female, one male,
and then there's two credit card slots on top.
One is to buy items.
The other one is for the banking.
Now, except the 2004 version only uses a female voice.
At any rate, you either pay with paper cash or you pay
with the credit cards and you have four credit cards,
one called Fast Cash from Good Sense Bank,
Quick Draw from Dollar Days Bank,
Mega Money from Big Bucks Bank,
and Easy Money from Cash and Carry Bank.
Now the stores are the best.
The stores have the best names.
I Am Coffin Drugstore, Suits Me Fine Men's Shop,
Two Left Feet Shoes, Short Circuit Electronics,
Yuppie Puppies Pets, Scratchy's Records.
That one's pretty funny.
Novel Idea Books, Frump's Fashion Boutique,
The Right, W-R-I-T, Stuff Card Shop,
Fork It Over Kitchen Store, Hocus Focus Cameras,
Sweaty Sports, Made in the Shade Sunglasses,
Chip's Computers.
That one's clever.
Ruby's Jewelry, Dingling Phones,
M.T. Wallets Department Store,
and Tinker's Toys.
And then you have these four other areas.
You have Coneheads Ice Cream Shop,
The Restrooms, Vidiots Arcade,
and my favorite name ever,
Aunt Chovy's Pizza.
What do you buy in the restrooms?
You don't.
You just donate.
Oh.
Body stuff.
Hocus Focus is my favorite, by the way.
Yeah.
So basically the objective of the game
is to be the first person to finish your shopping list,
to get everything on the list,
and then get back to the parking lot
or whatever your last destination
is supposed to be,
depending on what version that you're playing.
And to make it more challenging in the 80, 90, 96 versions,
you could increase your goal to 10 items.
So basically you're going around the shopping mall.
There's some parts where it'll refuse your credit card
or nothing will come out of the bank
and there's all kinds of stuff going on.
The first person, of course, to do all that wins.
Um, I did not play this.
This was not a part of my childhood.
It was too expensive and a bad influence,
which still doesn't explain why I'm a consumer whore today.
But I mean, overall, it's pretty,
I actually would love to get everyone together
to play one of these,
but I'd have to get this version, the 96 version.
This may surprise you, but as the token gay
who had many, you know, lady friends at a certain age,
I never played this game either,
but you know, I wanted to, you know,
I know this may surprise you,
but I have played this game.
It was silly.
Did Nelly make you?
No, I played it with my sister.
She had it.
Okay. Okay.
It does look like it could be fun.
It is fun.
Who doesn't like going to the mall?
No, it's true.
I mean, who doesn't like going to the mall?
You know what's sad though?
We're looking back at this as like, you know,
the classic not video game of the week now,
but then like in 10 more years, it's going to be,
what's a mall?
Anyway, there's more.
Okay.
Sorry.
I needed chocolate to overcome this.
At any rate,
Milton Bradley did a line of digital electronic voice
board games after this.
In 1990, under their Parker Brothers brand,
they did an updated version of a 1984 game
called Mystery Mansion that had an electronic voice device.
In 1992, they released a game called Omega Virus.
I knew someone who had this.
I've never played it and I really want to.
So basically that game takes place on a space station
that's infected by an extraterrestrial computer virus.
And this one actually has a countdown timer
that if you don't complete your objectives
before the timer runs out, everyone dies.
So it's got a lot more tension to it.
But Michael Gray created Mall Madness.
He also designed Omega Virus and one other electronic game
you might find familiar.
Dream Phone.
And that's it.
You didn't decide to combine the two
and make Omega Mall Madness,
because that sounds like that'd be amazing.
There it is.
Your classic not video game.
And hey, I think the music isn't bad for me
having thrown it together in five minutes.
No, you did a great job.
Thank you.
All right.
Good pick.
Good pick.
All right.
And then one day it sounds like we'll have to all get together
and play this game before we go see Megan.
Okay.
I'll have to go find a copy.
Yeah, right.
I was like, where do you even find old board games?
I don't know.
So are they all good?
So somebody had joked when the segment started
and we were defining it.
Somebody said, Miltonious Games and Chat said,
today's classic non-video game, Tag.
Technically, Tag would qualify.
So are we only going to get board games in this segment
or are we going to get like playground games
and other interesting things?
Purchasable items.
Okay.
Purchasable items.
Okay.
I like that.
Okay.
So, you know, like not just board games,
but like different sorts of games that you can play
with people around you that you would have bought
in a store that aren't fucking cards.
All right.
At least that aren't like playing cards.
Well, and if you want to know more,
hit that follow button, that subscribe button,
that like button, the donate button, the email button,
the tweet button, hit it all.
All right.
Let's move.
Just hit a button and hope we see it.
Okay.
Moving on.
Let's get to some rapid.
Do you see what next month is?
I can't wait.
Microsoft has confirmed that there's going to be some games
leaving Game Pass in the next, well, week or so here.
So by January 15th.
Anacrusis.
We've got Danganronpa Trigger Happy Havoc
Anniversary Edition.
Nobody Saves the World, Paparazzi and Windjammers 2.
Those are going to be leaving Game Pass.
And apparently you get a 20% off of those games
if you decide to purchase them to keep playing them
like Paparazzi.
Who doesn't like a Paparazzi game with puppies?
And Roma all the way.
Yep.
Then, of course, this month we've got some free games
with PlayStation Plus and Xbox games with gold.
So on the PlayStation side, looks like Jedi Fallen Order,
Fallout 76 and Axiom Verge 2.
Those are going to be your free games for the month.
And then on Xbox, we've got looks like Iris Fall,
which is going to be from the 1st through the 31st.
And then from the 16th through the 15th,
you also get Autonauts.
All right.
Load up on those free games.
I've been doing that with the Epic Store.
That whole holiday, I only missed one.
But you know what stinks?
The one game I missed is the one I wanted to play
most of all out of all they gave away.
And that was them fighting herds.
Was the one free game I didn't get during.
Oh, yeah, I didn't get that either.
And I didn't realize that they were doing that
until well after it was started.
I think I did get Death Stranding for free.
Yeah, that was the big one.
And then there's some other stuff,
but I can't remember.
Yeah.
All right.
Dark Sakura.
So Namco is bringing in Galaga to the Arcade Archives.
So it, of course, we know it came out
as the sequel to Galaxian in 1981.
But it is one of their most iconic games
and it will be a part of that.
Available to download on PS4 and Switch at eight bucks.
All right.
Well, piggybacking on that a little bit
and talking about the future of Arcade Archives.
On January 26 in Japan is the New Zealand story.
So that is probably one.
Game!
Yeah, I know it's one that's probably lesser known overall,
but I know Dark Sakura has certainly picked that
as a classic game at some point before.
That is, of course, a sprite based platformer by Taito,
which will be available on PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch.
It was originally in arcades in 1988.
It was a love letter to New Zealand.
It stars Tiki the Kiwi and you guide the bird
through different mazes.
You use balloons and dirigibles to rescue your animal friends
that are in cages.
So this was 1991 localized for the Nintendo Entertainment System,
but they called it Kiwi Craze,
but it is the same game if you ever saw that game.
So also the soundtrack.
A lot of people really dug for that game.
And just so you know,
that is pretty much in all the streaming services
where you find music, Amazon, Spotify, YouTube, you name it.
You can check that out as well.
So that is available as well.
By the way, speaking of Taito, since I brought them up,
I also want to point out it's been announced
that they're doing a 70th anniversary celebration in 2023.
70 years of Taito.
But that's not how long they've been making games,
but pretty close.
But of course, the company behind Space Invaders,
Bubble Bobble and so forth,
they've made a commemorative website and a Twitter account,
but no word as to what the celebration is going to be just yet.
Maybe some type of compilation, who knows?
Of course, Taito originally founded in 1953 by Michael Kogan.
It originally started as vending machines and jukeboxes
and then went into electromechanical games in the 60s.
And of course, then it all blew up with Space Invaders in 1978,
which was in Japan was serious business.
It was pretty big business here too,
but probably I would say Pac-Man was the little more like,
was the bigger game here.
And then Space Invaders was like even bigger in Japan.
So, all right, let's move on with some release dates.
I'm not sure we have a lot this week,
but sometimes companies are starting to put things out early in the year.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Loki, how about the US?
We have a few things.
We have Children of Silent Town on PC, Nintendo Switch,
PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Drago Noka on PC and Nintendo Switch.
Lone Ruin on PC and Nintendo Switch.
Vengeful Guardian Moonrider on PC, Nintendo Switch,
PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Dragon Ball Z Cockroach on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
One Piece Odyssey on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
I'm sorry, that's actually, yeah,
Xbox Series, PlayStation 5 and PlayStation 4 and PC.
And that is it.
By the way, just quickly in chat,
before I get to the Japanese releases,
Miltonius Games in chat said,
now I want a Taito 70 made by Digital Eclipse
kind of tying into the Atari 50 that came out.
And you know, Taito really does have a pretty rich library.
They've done compilations before.
I had one on Xbox that was pretty good for that era of Taito games.
And I know things like Rygar arcade version was on it.
And of course, like Bubble Bobble, Paris All Stars,
and that whole thing.
And then that made me go,
ooh, that's a company that Arcade 1up needs to get with.
Although to be fair,
I think Taito had their own smaller reduced machines.
They're probably not interested in getting in business
with Arcade 1up just yet.
Although I don't know to be determined,
but I was like, if I can get a Bubble Bobble machine,
that's, ooh, I think a lot of people would go
for a Bubble Bobble machine, that's for sure.
So, but anyway, back on track,
let's talk about what's coming out in Japan this week.
And the release date for these games on the Nintendo Switch
would be January 13th.
Really, it's just some new amiibo this week.
A Sephiroth and a Kazuya figure
will both be out released this week in Japan.
That's really it for the Switch.
Yeah, we don't have another release till the 19th.
Looking at the PlayStation 5,
okay, we have a couple of games there.
We have One Piece Odyssey is released this week,
speaking of Namco.
They're also putting out Dragon Ball Z Kakarot
is out this week in Japan as well.
That's it for releases this week, so.
Oh, sorry.
YYR says, did you mean Rystan?
Rygar was Tecmo, I think.
Yeah, you are correct.
I got my tease blurred, but there was a collection.
Because I know I have, oh well.
Old man brain kicking in,
but there was some type of compilation I remember having.
Rob, I'm older than you.
Don't say those things.
Well, I'm just saying.
Anyway, is it my turn now?
Yeah.
Okay.
So on the 10th for Xbox,
we have the House of the Dead remake.
On the 13th for PC, PlayStation, Xbox, One Piece Odyssey.
And then also on PlayStation and Xbox the same day,
Dragon Ball Z Kakarot.
I've been watching the Japanese version,
which is better.
The voice actors are better.
Rest in peace, Bulma's voice actor.
All right, let's move on.
We have a few more headlines for you,
and then we'll try to take some calls if anybody wants to call in tonight.
But I do want to make sure we're wrapped up by 9 Pacific tonight,
just because with the storms coming in,
I want to make sure Dark Soccer gets some DVD time in.
And I also want time to take an edible and fall asleep.
Take an edible and fall asleep before the storms come in, to be honest.
All right.
Do you need to share?
Because I don't.
What I'm talking about is a perfectly legal activity in California,
so I'm not doing anything.
But I only use them when I need to go to sleep.
So all right.
I use them for pain relief.
No, seriously.
No, I get it.
I get it.
I hear it's very popular for Lady Park cramps.
Yes, it very much is.
Oprah, was it Oprah that had a company?
That made edibles for Shark Week.
Interesting.
Interesting.
Yeah, very cool stuff.
Moving on.
I think we're to Loki.
Yes, so the developer behind the PlayStation 2 emulator,
Aether SX2, has decided to discontinue development of the app,
because, of course, not Sony coming after them,
but, you know, toxic fan community.
Apparently, they're tired of never-ending online impersonations,
complaints, demands, and death threats.
Because that's what you do.
Reach out to developers and threaten them with death
if they don't develop something that's free.
Okay.
And they're just not going to do it at all.
So, yeah, Aether SX2 is always meant to be a fun hobby for me,
not profit-driven.
It doesn't make sense to continue working on a hobby,
which isn't fun anymore.
Thanks to everyone who wasn't a dick for the last year.
So that is annoying.
But I hate people.
Some people's children.
It's one of those things where it's like,
you know how we kind of always talk about,
like, if OLR was going to get big,
we would have gotten big years ago.
And but it's kind of in some ways nice that we didn't get big.
This is one of those reasons.
We haven't had to put up with our share of bullshit
over the years.
But it's one of those things where it's like,
some people's children do not know how to act.
And it's just, it's just, it's so ridiculous.
It's, it's just, it's sad.
You know, and on one hand, it's like,
don't give those people the time of day,
but at the same time, easier said than done.
Like, and that's the part of where social media,
especially Twitter, has made it,
and all my issues with Twitter aside for a minute,
like that ability to direct message someone,
basically, even if it's not direct direct messaging him,
at them, and that there's a good chance
they're going to read what you say,
like, it's really gross.
And that's why, if I do want to get on my soapbox for a minute,
why I completely disagree with the direction
that Twitter's new owner has been taking the company,
because he wants to make it by the fact
that anybody can buy a blue checkmark
so that you can yell.
Like that, that's how he wants to make money,
is that you pay $8 a month and you can yell at celebrities
and they have to read what you say.
But it's kind of like, you do not understand how this works
and how you're going to drive people,
the main people from your platform that are lifting your platform up.
Don't say if they mean to him,
because they'll hurt his fee fees.
Or track his plane.
But anyway, soapbox stuff aside,
it's one of those downsides.
And of course, it goes without saying,
I shouldn't have to say it to this audience.
I really don't think I need to say it to this audience.
I think the crowd that would do this
doesn't listen to this program.
Good, but don't do this.
But even, I think people listening to OLR
are intelligent enough to not do this
when it comes to talking to developers.
But even consider the way you approach criticism sometimes.
Constructive criticism, good.
Fuck you, you fucking fuck, bad.
Of course, depending on who it is,
because some people need to be told.
But for the most part, especially normal people,
like people that are working on these emulators and so forth,
just like you or me or whatever.
Like, don't be this rude.
It's not necessary.
Call it normal.
Yeah, and there's also a big difference between
fuck you, you fucking fuck,
and I'm going to insert the rest of your death right here,
because I'm not going to say it,
because somebody's going to quote it out of context.
Disgusting.
Yeah, there's a big, big difference
between those two things also.
Just don't say this stuff, even as a joke.
It's not a joke.
It really isn't.
I don't understand when people started thinking
that saying this shit was okay.
That's what I don't get.
Phil of Nine in chat says,
if people approach criticism with an ounce of kindness,
it would be a better online environment.
True.
Maybe an ounce of maturity as well.
You know, that's part of it.
For sure.
All right, let's move on.
Dark Sakura, even more with Dead by Daylight,
except this feels like a totally separate game sometimes.
And it kind of is,
but I know that people who've talked to me,
you know, bring up Dead by Daylight Mobile in the past,
and I couldn't play the old version,
but I really was interested in playing the version
that they got overseas, which is the NetEase version.
It had different outfits and different Mori animation
and all kinds of neat stuff.
There was even like this golden Legion mask.
Oh, so cool.
So now though, we are getting the NetEase version.
I am so excited about it.
And the more pre-registers that they get
is opening up new rewards.
So I mean, they're up over 500,000 pre-registers,
which actually now puts people into the Running to Win Wraith statue.
They're already giving out all kinds of blood points
and iridescent shards and all kinds of stuff in game.
So I think that that's awesome.
And they're also giving out other special items for pre-registrants,
like some different cosmetics for Meg, Dwight, for Hillbilly, for Claudette.
And there is a pre-registration ritual,
where you can also get a certain Fang Min account,
and that's if you've signed up for all the things,
which I was already signed up for most of the things.
I only had to do one more thing.
Um, although said outfit will also make you a target
because it is very bright.
But at any rate, I mean, the NetEase version of the game
just has looked amazing.
It had all kinds of extras in it.
I mean, and playing on a mobile device
is going to be a different experience.
But I thought it was worth mentioning
that we are finally getting the NetEase version.
Huh.
Cool.
That's it.
Off to check it out.
Do if you if you do the registration stuff, you get bonuses.
Well, I do like bonuses.
All right.
Uh, Loki, another story from you.
And this is this is, uh, we will talk about these series of games very often.
This is this is catastrophic for these fans, and it's a bummer.
So, um, you know, the Madden Ultimate team is it's it's a thing.
People love their ultimate teams and their franchise modes and stuff like that.
Well, if you loved it enough to play it during December 28th or the 29th.
Got some bad news for you.
Your franchise save files are probably deleted or corrupted.
So they had an issue where it corrupted their online database, corrupted,
corrupting the franchise save files for many users,
essentially deleting their custom leagues entirely.
And they said, unfortunately, if you've logged into franchise leagues during this time,
your data was affected due to a data storage issue that resulted in the franchise files
being corrupted.
We know this is important that your franchise or how important your franchises are to you.
And we are actively working on a restore to fix some of the files via backup.
Unfortunately, they're only they're estimating
they're only going to be able to recover 40 percent of the users data.
So a lot of those, it's permanently been wiped out.
Well, it's going to make people distrustful of this whole cloud thing anyway,
which, as we all know, the cloud is just somebody else's computer on the Internet
is what the cloud is.
But it just it stinks when you can't like, how did they not have a backup
thing in place like regular?
It's just like, come on.
And this isn't some small fry game either, you know?
Yeah, it's very annoying.
All right.
Well, on a somber note, you know, this is the first show of 2023, and we're only eight
days into 2023.
And already there's been, you know, a number of people that have touched the game industry
in one way or another who have passed away.
So just a moment to acknowledge some of these folks that passed away.
And there's probably plenty more than this, too.
This is just the list in front of me right now.
Earl Bone, who was the voice of Monkey Island's Captain LeChuck, passed away.
I believe he was also one of those actors that was that guy.
Because like when I saw the his picture, you know, I was like, Oh, that guy, you've seen
him in plenty of movies and so forth.
He was in things like Seinfeld.
God, I'm trying to think like what movies he was in.
But yeah, he's been in quite a few other things.
He was in World of Warcraft doing some voices as well.
And so on.
He's he's done a lot.
So unfortunately, he passed away this week.
Ken Block also passed away, who was involved with some Need for Speed titles, as well as
the Dirt series.
His cars, because he's a racing guy, also appeared in the Forza Motorsport series.
So he has, you know, some connections to that as well.
So again, that was Ken Block who passed away at the age of 55.
That's far too young.
Yeah, it was a snowmobile accident.
And then you hear that Jeremy Renner was a very similar thing.
He's still with us, but just scary, scary, scary.
Be careful.
Yeah.
And then this is...
Don't run your snowplow, y'all.
Don't own a snowplow.
Like, why do you have a full-size snowplow?
Like, seriously.
Also passing away.
This was pointed out to us on our Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
James Buster Corley, half of the Dave and Busters title there, co-founder of the Dave
and Busters chain, passed away on January 2nd at his home at the age of 72.
So that was...
So young.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, it appears he passed away of a self-inflicted wound.
So, but still his contributions to the gaming culture with Dave and Busters are pretty
monumentous.
So thank you, Tiger Claw Terminator.
LeChuck Earl Bone was in the Terminator films as well.
That's right.
So anyway, that is it for the stories we had slotted for tonight.
I do want to take a moment to open it up, though, to any other questions, comments,
and so forth, or any calls.
You can join our green room over at our Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
And I would encourage you to join the Discord and chat with us throughout the week as well.
Tiger Claw points out the founder of Creative Labs also passed away.
That's right.
I did see that.
I neglected that that was in the past week, because I'm trying to make up for two weeks
here.
But yes, that's right.
He had passed away as well.
So we're just a few weeks into the year and not even just a week and a day into the year.
And it's, you know, I know sometimes it feels like, because I think there's even been comments
on this in Discord, it feels like, my gosh, we're losing everybody this year.
But, you know, it's what happens.
Celebrities come, celebrities go.
It's any take any year.
Hey, guess what, people?
What?
People die.
Yeah, it's all the time for many reasons, which just means treasure your own life and
the people that are in it all the more.
That's right.
And there's nothing wrong with saying dead or die or being with people near you after
they have died.
It's respect for the dead.
I want to be on display at my house before I'm shot into orbit.
Do you want something like what the Pope's getting?
Where you're on full display?
No, no, not like that, but no, no, no, not lay in state.
But, like, I remember being a kid and people having, like, their memorials in their living
room.
It might just be a Southern thing, but it was done well before the funeral industry
took over and became a big financial conglomerate.
No.
When Jim passed away, they did something in someone's living room for that.
Like, I remember.
So it's not just a.
Yeah, but we don't do that anymore.
And I'm going on a tangent.
I know I am.
But it's been something that's on my mind, honestly, enough lately.
I watched My Girl recently.
Yeah, talk about crying and then things they get wrong in the funeral industry.
But, I mean, I think that instead of treating it like I mean, yeah, it can be tragic, especially
when someone takes their own life.
But I think that we need to just embrace it a little bit more, you know, and celebrate
that they lived and that they did good things.
Comments in chat.
Phil of Nine in chat says, I'm sorry, wait, let me read this one first from Funara.
It says, my sister wants her body thrown in the back of a truck and taken to the FBI's
body farm.
Haha.
That was donated to science to study idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Phil of Nine in chat says, I watched Spoiler Alert tonight, speaking of sad movies about
dying, but it was beautiful.
And that's not an actual spoiler because it's in the trailer.
But you know what's funny?
Because it makes me think of gay movies and, you know, to put things on a more lighthearted
note, I do think it is really funny going back to Megan, how Megan has made more money
at the box office because Megan did very well.
It didn't make Avatar money, but it made it like made back its budget and then some already.
So the funny thing about Megan is it's doing well enough where like it did better than
bros did.
If it tells you how the gay community is responding to who our real queen is.
So it's official.
Megan has dethroned Billy Eichner as the face of gay cinema.
There it is.
All right.
There's no calls.
That's fine.
We don't I don't know.
I didn't check on emails, but I don't remember seeing any.
I'm sorry.
I should.
I did.
I didn't check on them either.
I'm a bad email person.
I can look real quick.
Sorry.
Participate at orange.com.
I'm not sorry.
I mean, I'm kidding.
Okay.
You know what?
There's nothing but spam.
Yeah, we've been getting targeted with that again lately.
Um, I fucking hate it.
DJ Rama S in chat says at Rob Roberts.
So is that a good thing?
Asking about the bros and Megan thing and Tiger Claw says, yeah, at least bros doesn't
talk down to the audience who didn't watch it because the movie was bad.
I heard the movie was all right.
Like the Alan actually watched some of it on a plane, but then he realized he was watching
it on a plane with some of the content in it and turned it off.
Um, but he said it was funny and a lot of people say it was humorous, but I'm kind of
with what you were saying there is like, I don't appreciate that.
Like I'm an asshole or I'm letting down the community or something by not seeing your
stupid movie.
Cause there's lots of gay cinema out there that doesn't get the type of attention that
that movie got.
And it's like extraordinarily frustrating that somebody would use their platform to
call people that don't go to their, see their movie homophobes.
Like, I just think that was, that was such a piss poor move on Billy Eichner who does
some funny things sometimes, but does some really not funny things other times.
And that is an example, one of the things that's not funny.
The category of shitty.
Yeah.
It's just, it's inappropriate.
So as far as I'm concerned, Megan kicking his butt is swift justice the way Megan would
deliver it.
I like a strong kick in the, the pant region.
All right.
Well, that's it.
There's no calls awaiting.
I guess I should see if there's any last minute stories just as a formality, but I'm guessing
this week, probably not.
Not really.
I was trying to remember what the name of this thing was, but there's a new like virtual
console system, like the Pico 8 that just got released.
That's like almost like a super Pico 8, but not.
I'm just trying to remember, trying to remember what it was called.
Yeah.
It's like, it's like a fake console, like the Pico 8.
Yeah.
Like the old Sega one, right?
It is sort of.
So it's, it's basically, it's a fake console format.
That's a virtual machine that you can develop games for.
It's like, they have, you can buy it and then like, you can develop for it for free.
It doesn't really exist.
It's just like, it's like arbitrary format that they made up that exists in the digital
space.
Although it would be cool if there was a physical Pico 8 console.
But I was hearing Pico, like the Sega system.
So that was Mima's hearing.
Pico, P-I-C-O.
Pico 8 is what it's called.
As in De-guy-o.
Yes.
Like, I don't remember though what the new one was.
I saw a video on it earlier this week, but yeah, I can't remember what the new fantasy
console was.
Oh, that's what it is.
Or the Boulevard that the LA Convention Center is on.
And it leads to the, the best of all the Roscoe's House of Chicken and Waffles.
Yeah.
So I don't know.
I'll have to find it.
All right.
Oh, Philonines says, I used to live near Pico.
I guess it's one of those, like, just huge.
I think it's probably like a very, very, very long street.
Because I remember going down there when I used to travel down there a lot for work.
There was Victory in Van Nuys, and those were like the streets that went through the entire
fucking valley, like north side of LA.
So it's like, you talk about Victory in Van Nuys, you could be talking about like seven
different cities from Burbank all the way to whatever's on the end of that, Woodland
Hills or even further, probably even further.
So, all right.
Well, that's about it.
We're going to wrap up tonight.
That is it for another episode of Orange on its Radio.
Good way to start 2023.
Thank you all so much for being here.
Appreciate you being here.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange on its Radio tonight, please tell a friend
or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we
need more voices to put out on air.
Hello.
So tell a friend a five star review.
I found it.
It's the Picotron.
That's what it's called.
Picotron.
Okay.
Oh, it's just this thing.
All right.
Tell a friend a five star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, wherever it is you found
this show goes an awful long way.
So thank you for those as well.
A follow for VOG Network on Twitch, whether you're here live or not, super appreciated.
And of course, join our Discord server over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
Once again, best of luck to our pal Bobby Black Wolf.
Go to bed.
You've got some announcing to do in a few hours.
And that's about it.
Before I get the final, final thoughts, let me start with Dark Sakura with her final thought,
because I know you're off to do some Dead by Daylighting.
Still in my heart of hearts, a filthy pig mane.
All right.
Have a good stream.
And Loki, your final thought for tonight?
I'm hopefully going to be making more content this week.
I've got a lot of videos to put out.
Always.
My final thought is one game I forgot I played this week was No Man's Sky, because I attempted
to do the redo of Expedition 7 on stream.
I got so frustrated yet again with climbing those fucking mountains just to get attacked
by alien things like that was just a poor expedition and I didn't finish it.
So my streak of completing every No Man's Sky expedition has been broken.
But to be honest, if I'm going to break it on any expedition, number seven fucking earned
it.
So that's it.
That's it for my final thought.
We'll see you all here next time in seven days when we do it all again.
I hope you all have a wonderful week.
We will see you next time.
And guess what?
The holidays live on with our ending tonight because I forgot to flip it out tonight.
So what about it one more time?
We're still within are we within 12 days of Christmas?
No, I guess we're back.
Well, you know what?
It's 16 bits now.
16 days of Christmas.
Have a good night, everyone.
See you next time.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
