Cost, savings, and maintenance control are no longer just an appliance and computer thing.
With the invent and proliferation of renewable energy and more on-peak, off-peak energy plans,
Xbox is going to allow the user to define when the Xbox should wake up and use more
power to phone home, gather updates, download and upload data, etc.
The Xbox's green now means just a little bit more.
This is your electrical grid health update, except in Texas.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about
this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now in the show where every
gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again with episode number 944 of our
show for tonight, January the 15th of 2023.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me as always, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Your audio isn't coming through for some reason?
That's weird.
I don't know if it's noise-gating.
Oh, there you are.
Hi.
Yeah, it should be fine.
I had everything.
I checked it all before.
There's just a weird delay on the noise gate.
It's all right.
How are you doing?
Yeah.
I'm still tired.
Still tired?
I actually stayed up all night trying to reset my sleep schedule, and then I took a little
bit of a nap, some kind of groggy.
Is that because of your subathon?
No, you weren't up that late with the subathon, right?
No.
It's because I've been staying up really late, and I'm going back to work on Saturday.
Oh, right.
Okay.
Yes, I'm permitted.
Yeah.
But yeah, I did 12 and a half hours, which isn't too bad.
I thought I was going to do a bonus killer hour, and I was like, no, no, done.
Your body's done.
And I wore that thing.
I tried to wear that thing, my pig mask.
It's one of the special cosmetics in Dead by Daylight, where it's the half of a reverse
bear trap and then a white mask resembling jigsaw for those who are, of course, just
listening.
But I wore that thing and found out that the hat wouldn't fit over my headphones and that
the mask was giving me a headache while I was trying to play, so I just said, screw
it.
Yeah, that's a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But I had a really fun time, and I'm actually getting ready to publish a video of the best
part of the stream.
Oh, fun.
All right.
Yeah.
Well, let's say hello as well to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
Hey, how are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Okay.
So I have to ask, you play games behind, well, you're not playing it live, but you're playing
footage of a game behind you because you can sometimes watch our rooms, our environment
because we do tape live at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG network every
Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf
show.
And as we are taping live, Bob, or not Bobby, Loki has the Smurfs on the Coleco vision,
I think, playing behind him.
That is correct.
Right now.
Okay.
I got to know what, why this game this week?
It's just, it was a game I used to play as a kid.
Okay.
I played the one on Atari, but because, you know, that game was like on every platform.
You know, we've talked about this in previous weeks.
If you think it's weird that we have like PlayStation and Xbox and switch now, boy,
oh boy, in the eighties, it was, you know, Coleco, Atari, Commodore, Apple, three different
types of Atari's 5200, 7800, 2600, TI 99 4a, like everything, just everything.
So yeah, some games like Smurfs, I think we're on probably most of those platforms.
So Zen monkey 11 in our chat says jumping on that skull was a pain in the ass for me
as a kid watching some of those old games are really hard.
Yeah, I didn't remember that.
I guess there is different difficulty levels you could select because like I saw and it
will be later in the clip there.
Like there's like a spider and stuff like, I don't remember there being a spider or like
I sort of remember the crow, but I don't know.
So maybe I must have played it on super easy.
All right.
All right.
Yeah.
I mean, it makes sense that you probably were, if you were young, you were probably playing
on the lowest difficulty.
So fair enough.
Uh, let's see.
Tiger class says I had a Coleco vision in the form of the Adam computer.
I remember borrowing a Smurf cartridge from a kid at school to play it.
Oh yes.
I loved, I loved trading cartridges when I was younger.
Coleco Adam and a Coleco vision.
Nice.
And the Coleco Adam was a piece of shit because of the cassette deck and the power supply.
And if you had a thunderstorm kiss every single cassette that you have near that thing goodbye.
Oh yeah.
I, I don't miss the days of games on cassette tape.
That's for sure.
Cause Commodore had that too.
It was a, it's so, so it's so weird to think that games were on a cassette tape, but then
again, games were on CD a few years later.
And so it's, it makes sense that a lot of the, uh, you know, entertainment media games
followed that too.
Why not?
I think my, my favorite part about this game was the sound when you die.
Cause every time it was just be like, it's playing the, you know, fun Smurf sounds like
their, their theme, I think in the back and then you hit something, it's like smack.
It's just like you instantly fall down.
There's no animation of dying.
It's just smack on the ground.
That's it.
Like that sound in a Cubert cabinet.
If you can find a Cubert cabinet that still works prime when Cubert falls off the edge
of the cube, it actually has some type of mechanism that makes a very loud, like smack,
like when Cubert hits the ground, there's some mechanism in the cab cabinet that does
that.
Is it like a loud, loud clack like that?
Something like that.
Yeah.
It's a little more subtle than that, but it was still funny because I remember.
They used to crack me up all the time, um, myself and my sister and we would purposely
just run the Smurfs into something like over and over because it was just ridiculous.
You know, speaking of cassette tapes and classic games, I can actually think of the best use
of a cassette for a video game ever.
And that was the 1980s journey arcade game that actually had the cassette tape that would
play the song.
I don't remember which their songs it was.
I think it was any way you want it, maybe they would actually play the song when you
actually got to the concert.
Because if you play it now, unlike, I don't know, like the Xbox, it's hard to find that
game actually.
But even in like MAME probably, unless somebody's emulated the tape at this point, which is
certainly possible.
You just hear blank stuff when you get to that concert level at the end, but it's supposed
to be a cassette tape of them actually playing the song, which is really funny.
So anyway, trip down memory lane, but let's get to a trip down current lane here and talk
about our first story tonight, which has to do with some pretty big changes over on
YouTube.
And look, I don't want people to think just because we're on Twitch, we're picking on
YouTube.
We are fair.
And when we go back in the archives, folks, when there's Twitch changes we don't like,
we cover those two very thoroughly.
But Loki, I know you're a YouTuber.
There's been a lot of activity on YouTube this week, actually, I want to talk about.
But Loki, tell us about the changes over on YouTube that are not being received too
hot.
Right.
So they made a change to kind of their family friendly guidelines.
Basically now you cannot have, you will receive limited monetization or demonetization if
you have swearing within the first 15 seconds of your video.
And same, I think it's even like eight seconds.
There's like different thresholds.
But it's basically the first 15 seconds if you have swearing in it, then they will demonetize
your your video.
Which is really stupid.
For one, here's the more stupid thing, though, that people are really getting upset with
is that, you know, it wasn't always like this.
And they are now retroactively making any video that you've put up, not like from the
time that, you know, we put this change in the place, but all of time, and they're retroactively
demonetizing those videos.
So like, how are you supposed to be able to follow these guidelines, if like the guideline
will change in the future, and there's no and there's absolutely no way for you to go
and edit out that content.
Once it's demonetized via this process, it's always going to be demonetized, you'd have
to re upload the video for it to be monetizable again, which is just stupid.
To begin with.
Also, they are also going after violent content.
So for example, if you're playing a violent video game, and not everybody's channel is
family friendly, but if you're playing like, you know, a game that has a lot of blood and
gore in it, then you're probably gonna get monetized, which is kind of awful.
It's really, really kind of, you know, hitting the platform quite a bit with just your user
base.
Yeah, exactly.
Because like, if it's really stifling the type of creativity that you can do, I mean,
and honestly, like, if anybody's really serious about YouTube, and looking to monetization,
you know, that like, YouTube monetization is a massive, like, problem is just because
it's hit or miss with everything and all that.
And you're better off like doing like a Patreon or something like that, where people support
your channel outside of the YouTube space, because it's just, it's very unreliable, especially
when they make changes like this, where it's literally affecting old content that was okay
to put out there.
So one of the like, one of the folks that I watch RT gaming, he was having some issues
where it was there was a video that he put out, it was kind of a recap of 2022.
That was getting demonetized and an age restricted as well on top of it.
And he's like, Why?
Because all of the videos that were contained within it, were not demonetized or age restricted.
So why is this being age restricted when it's a culmination of all my videos?
So YouTube, so he reached out to YouTube to have that fixed.
And so what did they do?
They were like, Oh, we're going to age restrict and demonetize those other videos instead.
God, it's like,
what is it?
Is it violent content?
Or what what is it that is possibly triggering the algorithm?
Because that's my big thing is I'm like, YouTube relies way too much on algorithms and the
algorithms never side with the content creators.
It's really not great.
I don't think it was anything like super, like, I think it was just some gameplay.
That was causing it.
But it's also like other videos that have been like if they're saying if you swear too
much in your videos that they could also demonetize you because it's it's a lot of like bad language.
But there's a lot of videos where folks aren't doing that and or they're like family channels
are being hit with this and being taken down where it's like, but we're not doing that.
So why?
It's a good thing.
We were watching those old orange sounds radio episodes that are up on YouTube.
We were never monetized in the first place because
Yeah, exactly.
So it's like the whole partner program nonsense stuff, which is
Oh, I think we might have lost Loki's internet hiccup for a minute because his video froze
there.
So he'll probably catch up in a minute while his internet catches up.
Let me get some comments in our chat.
So we have DJ Rama S says, with the available tools on YouTube, they should have given the
content creators time to make the mandatory edits for retroactive videos instead of just
straight to monetizing them.
Yeah, there should have been some warning right for sure.
And then we have let's see, Bobby and chat says it's inconsistent pro ZD did a video
on this and didn't swear in the first 15 seconds, but then said, fuck YouTube a lot for the
next minute and he got demonetized.
So yes, exactly.
Yeah.
Oh, you're back.
Yeah, it's weird.
It just like locked up.
It's still kind of locked up.
Like no, thank you.
You may have to turn it off and then on again, but go ahead and finish your thought and I
can do some other chat comments here.
Yeah.
So it's just, it's really a, so yeah, I don't know if you heard about the thing I was saying,
but the change of their terms of service where they can go back now and retroactively take
money back from you if they find that your content is, is not monetizable.
So that it's, that's in their terms of service that was pointed out by gosh, I don't remember
the guy's name.
Right.
The repair advocate.
I don't know.
I don't remember who it was, but anyways, it's a, yeah, you got to read those terms
of service things.
It's really bad.
So hopefully this gets straightened out, but it doesn't look like it's going to be.
Somebody had made a joke in chat over it.
Our chat room over at twitch.tv slash vog network tiger call had said, if this podcast
was uploaded on the YouTube channel, you would have to bleep out all the cussing.
You know, we used to do that a long time ago.
In fact, Jason, our voiceover guy actually used to do a lot of hard work trying to put
in some like video, cause you know, we didn't do the Twitch thing for many years.
So some of the old episodes around, I don't know, maybe 2015, 2016 are up on YouTube.
And Jason did some manual video editing for those.
The funny thing is they might get hit for too much swearing at me.
It's not monetized anyway, not enough people are watching it there.
It might've got hit for that, but we actually have a 30 second intro to the show.
This would have been the old intro was still an instrumental that would take up the first
30 seconds.
So you know, that's actually a good thing to have a little intro bump because that's
going to prevent you from starting off your video with what the fuck, you know, it's just,
it's going to be very, very different there.
So let's see.
Mike Def says, yeah, I helped Jason with the timestamps too.
Well, that's awesome.
Thank you for doing that.
I actually had no idea.
But now, you know, we, we like the video to be a perk of being a subscriber over on our
Twitch channel over at twitch.tv slash vog network, where you can, you know, watch us
in the archives anytime during the week, if you want, if you want to see us or just be,
or if you want the free option, be here live Sunday night, even better, because then you
can actually chat along with the show as our folks are doing now.
But yeah, it doesn't, not, not a great look to be changing the rules on these folks, you
know, partway through.
It's a very, very unfortunate for sure.
So let's see, looking for some other comments from chat.
Tiger Claw says Linus Tech Tip did a WAN show, WAN show that was completely uncensored to
test if the stream gets demonetized.
Yeah, I wonder how it handles the live streams.
It'll be interesting.
Yeah, I don't know.
Oh, we got you back.
Good to see you.
Well, what do you, because Loki, out of the three of us, you're the one making the most
content for YouTube.
I mean, Dark Soccer Nominate may put clips or blips up there, but you're the most invested
in YouTube.
What are you, what are your feelings?
I mean, but you're also making Minecraft videos, which I think you don't use the F word.
Believe it or not, compared to this show, I get the sense you're making your videos
like you're making them for your kids.
So you kind of keep the language out of it.
So you're not really affected by this, but how do you feel about all this?
Right, I make family friendly content anyways.
How I feel about it is, well, if they're not pushing all these demonetized channels, why
aren't they pushing mine?
I don't, I don't make that content.
Can you like push mine, please?
Well, everyone else like struggles with their old content.
And that sucks for them really does it can we can we push mine, please?
Well, actually, actually, I am glad I think in all the times we've plugged your channel,
I don't know if we've ever said it's family friendly.
And I know we have an audience that has kids because we have plenty of people that have
been listening since you know, they were in high school and they now have nine and 10
year old kids.
So it's been a little while.
So they may be interested in Yeah, it's good to know that Loki doesn't swear on the Minecraft.
It's just it's a weird like, the algorithm is weird.
There's no rhyme or reason to it.
And I think it's possible and I don't know it's all because it's all speculative since
we don't know how any of it works.
I think I may be at a detriment because I've had my channel for a long time and I had different
type of content on there years ago, not many time recently, but years ago.
And so it doesn't push it at all.
Whereas I have a fellow cast member on our server that just started putting out like
videos and also like, up to 5000 subscribers just like boom, like super fast.
And that's not a guarantee like if I like went and created a second channel and like,
put content on there, there's no guarantee that that would take off or be more successful
to backfire.
So it's just, I don't know, you just have to just like grin and take it while everybody
else just reaps the benefits of making click baby content.
Well, maybe one of these days, you'll get that thing that goes viral.
On that note, the other YouTube thing I wanted to bring up so actually has nothing to do
with any of this, but I don't know, Loki, did you see this?
So you know, our pal yyr, who often, you know, comes in our chat room and is an indie game
developer, right?
You can check out his games, yyrgames.com, I believe is a website with links to everything.
But a few games that we've talked about here on the show before pixel poops, right?
Because Loki made the unofficial sequel.
Well, no, it is official sequel, actually, pixel poops, number two, he made for the NES.
And then there's been other games like snake 360 bungee ferret tossing, which was born
of this show.
I don't think you can get that anymore, because that was on the Xbox 360.
But you know, someday it'll come back on Steam.
Anyway, my point is, he he did a game years ago, we talked about in the show, I think
that game came out in 2018, super multitasking, which, again, if you've never played this
game, because you're a little newer to orange launch radio, it's like WarioWare, but like
amped the fuck up, meaning you have to play four mini games sometimes at once, it sounds
easy.
It is not easy, because you're playing one with the buttons, one with the controller,
one with the bumpers.
So it's it's a challenge.
And I remember when I first played the game, I said, Aaron, this is because that's his
name.
I said, Aaron, this is like this game has the chance to go super viral and blow up,
you just need the right person to see it.
And it's and sure enough this week.
Now I don't follow a lot of YouTube stuff.
But I do understand the game grumps are pretty well known and have a large following and
so forth.
They played super multitasking this week on one of their videos.
So I'm when I so it was actually Jason, our voiceover guy that texted me and said, uh,
do you know about this?
And I was like, what?
I'm like, Oh, my God, no, I'm so happy for why we are I hope it pushed some sales.
I mean, I kind of skipped through the video.
And I didn't hear them mention it by name a lot, which is kind of a bummer.
But I get it.
Like, it's not really supposed to be an ad for the game.
But I did go to like this.
I went to the steam reviews for the game, and I saw two were written today.
And so that means people are seeing it because of that video.
I don't know if it's blowing up, so to speak, but it's probably getting more downloads than
it has since its launch.
Thanks to that video.
So that's pretty exciting.
Yeah, Mike Deft says even in the video, one of the grumps thought it was a new game.
Technically, super multitasking is a newer version, the game was originally just multitasking.
So super multitasking has extra stuff in it.
But anyway, congrats to YYR.
When I heard about that, I was like, you know what, I'm even if and the video is the context.
I think the title is something like, I don't want to guarantee ADHD breaks because of this
game.
Yeah, it makes a little play on ADHD.
But my understanding is the gentleman that played it actually has ADHD so he can joke
about all he wants.
At least they did a hashtag super multitasking.
But yeah, there's no link or at least a mention.
Yeah.
No, I think the title screen because I was going through it and the title screen came
up because I remember them saying something about it.
I was kind of skipping through the video because this is a long video.
And I don't know the personalities that well.
I just know they're very well liked and a lot of people watch them.
So yeah, I was very happy for Aaron to see that.
So go give that video a like and some comments and all that good stuff and because he deserves
to have that game be very successful.
And Loki, if it gets attention on his back catalog, you still have to benefit from that
too.
Because if people are like, what are the other games this guy has made the pixel poops.
There was was it there's one I saw I had a notification or I saw it.
I don't remember how it is in Twitter where somebody had just posted like that they were
I forget where they're at.
Oh, gosh, it was it was something about like they like I've reached the achievement of
like the ultimate pooper and they had filled the entire screen of one of the levels in
pixel poops number two was slapping so hard over there and they took like a picture of
it like the TV or something they were playing like games on their TV and they did a shout
out like they linked the game they just shout out with that and they also like mentioned
like hey if you bought the buzz before of all the a while back you have this already
type thing so that was cool I'm trying to remember where that was at here let's see
who said that it was because I put like I'm like I'm so proud when they did that oh it
was this guy a dead-eyed bit who had I guess he was at magfest in playing stuff with a
few people there I don't know who that is right because magfest was the indie guy yeah
so he had that it has a few pictures that's kind of cool so yeah so I guess he like
the game and you know he is playing some other like indie games as well indie NES games
so I'm glad they got to check it out and play it and yeah so well you know what YYR and
his wife had the baby not too long ago a couple years this way but not too long ago you know
they could use some additional sales of the game so you know and it just it'll motivate
him to get on the back catalog and make even more so I'm really really happy for I will
say this y'all know I'm not a fan of Twitter at this point and I'm gonna very much not
get on my soapbox but when I did hear about this I actually said you know what I'm gonna
peek at Twitter and search for super multitasking and see if it's actually trending sadly I
didn't maybe I did the search wrong I didn't really see anything about it but I maybe I
didn't wait long enough till after that video had been out I don't know so I was kind of
curious if maybe it had gotten any traction that way so but yeah so that was another random
YouTube comment but very happy for Aaron so you know he's part of the fam here at OLR
so yeah to see him get some attention all right speaking of attention let's talk about
the games that have been captivating our attention this week and how was your gaming week so
Dark Sakura we'll start with you how was your gaming week okay now I know you're muted on
discord because I see the icon I played a bunch of dead by daylight whoo I played twelve
and a half twelve and a half hours plus six hours a few days before that and I think another
six seven hours before that um I got you know got all made up so I did a sub-a-thon honestly
I didn't get as many subs as I hoped I would which um because you know I kind of need some
assistance right now um but other than other than that I had so much fun so I want to thank
first of all um Finara who was with me the majority of the day and huh yeah and then
Iseko played a couple rounds with me um I got raids from Franglish from uh uh Empire
TV one of my uh friends from uh back south um I got uh uh LC popped in to say hi it was
nice nice to see them where have they been are they just uh taking a break okay like
mental health or just yeah okay understandable just Debbie being Debbie there's other things
I think that that's that's their thing fair enough um but um uh words um I also played
with one of my new friends that I had made literally on Wednesday who was a legion who
killed us all and it turned out that this bill had been following us like breaking hooks
and fast faulting trying to you know be the last person left alive so um we ended up making
friends with with with them and uh they uh started playing with us we swift a few times
and they pretty much swift almost all day um that was uh fixation gaze or I've been
saying fixity or fixy um uh wonderful by uh non-binary streamer um uh Shayla uh who I've
met through my other friend Raven McPherse um is uh she's she's pure chaos to have and
she's so much fun she goes to all the killers wishing that they'd bring Amore and say I
love you yeah she's fun um gosh uh Vamp Bunny another friend I met through Raven uh played
with us uh we had so many friends was in uh already visited in uh just so many people
um I want to thank everybody who came in to show me support and thanks for thanks for
the uh oh my god Sia Tabiri gave me 10 gift subs so Sia Tabiri wins some artwork from
me oh that was nice of him we need to talk about the artwork I'm going to be drawing
yeah um I did a sub you did you did no honestly you did um we had so many people um that just
came in and showed me love and the subs were awesome I mean I'm not I'm not poo-pooing
what I got I'm very grateful for it I'm very grateful for it um and it was a little bit
short notice but um but AGDQ was also last week probably had a lot of eyes on that yeah
and honestly this is the I think the last week before I go back to work full time so
maybe we'll see at any rate as Gwen has mentioned in chat yeet build yeah when I was lurking
you you you all were starting that I think it was your first game where you all did that
and um but there was one before all that was the one you clipped yeah where I yeeted myself
off the hook in the basement right in front of the killer that was awesome um but anyway
so we all decided that we were going to bring Slippery Meat which gives you an extra four
percent chance to get yourself off the first hook you already have a four percent chance
and then we all brought uh jars of Salty Lips which gives you an even greater thing and
it stacks and I brought up the ante just you know to add another layer of goody of course
and with that level of uh odds being in our favor I reckon um we were getting ourselves
off of every every hook it was fantastic um and but the thing is is that we were really
doing it just because I mean we wanted to to I guess kind of piss people off which we
did we made some big angies um but then we got our friend Dr. Bot there are people who
will go out on bots and just basically because survivors will go farm their blood points
on them the bots will you know basically get the blood point for whoever set the bot up
um and then um so we got a bot and then we had an AFK Cenobite wasn't that one and then
we got the last up Ghostface yeah that was a great I'm glad they put that skin in the
game the same um I actually have been spending most of the afternoon editing that video just
for you know some time and and some silliness um because I wanted to compact it into like
the most silly in in one thing um oh my gosh Fifth Dream you're gonna be playing with us
then you're you're gonna have to swiff with us Fifth Dream is playing DBD now um at any
rate uh the we had a hell of a time getting the Ghostface to to hook us but finally we
were all just you know there's an animation where you can point and then you can kneel
down and point and so we're all kneeling down and pointing going eat eat eat eat and counting
every time um so that video will be up and I'll be linking it on my Twitter before too
long um that that was the standout game that was the standout game I had so much fun and
I made it to Silver Four in one day wow put it on your Mastodon too so I can see it
sure um but at any rate um I also did finally beat Final Fantasy 5 oh nice which means um
next Saturday if I don't take a break from the SNES stuff um I will be starting Star
Ocean as in the original Star Ocean on Super Famicom oh wow um because that's my goal with
the the retro stuff is to do RPGs that you might not have seen um you know like I did
Terranigma I did Seiken Densetsu 3 I did uh well I did Final Fantasy 4 and 6 because I
played uh Japanese translations except for 6 so it didn't work and I played Final Fantasy
5 which I freaking love Final Fantasy 5 but I forgot how long the damn X death battle
is oh my god um and who names their kid X death anyway um and then um I've been playing
Marvel Midnight Suns um yeah yeah Finara's right Terranigma most disappointing disappointing
ending since Great Expectations I will say it disappointed me the way the mist disappointed
me lower those expectations yeah but the whole game is like amazing and then um and then
anyway um I've also been playing my wordscapes just you know because I managed to solve a
complex puzzle in 10 seconds so I think I need I'm finally able to just like do words
in my sleep um uh played some pinball we hosted League um and now it's not me playing it but
I had a hand in this it's my fault blame me for this but I had a hand in this it's my
playing it but I had a hand in this it's my fault blame me for this so to give some backstory
on this uh our friend Nick Nick and Prince um had an advent calendar during the holiday
thing where you could you know put in and and win a prize on the advent calendar and I won
a bonus stream so me in my my kind and caring disposition I picked Sonic Adventure which
of course is Sonic Adventure DX on Steam and even I had forgotten how crappy the camera is in that
damn game but Nick seemed to have some fun with it I mean played almost all played up past the
egg carrier and there is a chao named Sakura and uh he was enjoying catching otters but yeah it was
I had such a good time watching Nick play and he was a really good sport about it so um I actually
do have enough points to to redeem another bonus stream but I'm not because you know I'm trying to
be kind about about the backlog but I might do Space Channel 5. Oh that'd be a good one. Yeah
so at any rate um I'm gonna I'm gonna say that the the word that sums up my uh my week is yeet!
All right uh Loki we'll go to you how was your gaming week? Um I played mostly Minecraft this
week still working on stuff um I did play some co-op um power washing sim so that was fun
and we got to do uh three I think it was three players I forgot you can co-op that game now
yeah so we did that stream with that so that that's fun so I messed around that a little bit
um yeah I mean that that's kind of it I did find something though so I've been going through
like um my sister had a bunch of stuff that my mom had kept for like old like school stuff and
there was something that happened to dig out of there that I thought was pretty funny um so and
I don't remember this but I I have a certificate of merit for capturing Carmen San Diego
uh I love it where did you get something like that's funny
I apparently make computer lab so that's uh yeah but I guess she kept everything
amazing all right um if that's it then my gaming week um still playing on the machines behind me
uh mostly the new Tron machine arcade went up I talked about last week been playing that a little
bit um and uh a lot of the usual suspects uh Final Fantasy 14 had a patch this week uh the
6.3 patch so there was a new raid which I kind of enjoyed I the mechanics were easier than the last
one uh but I liked the music in the last one a little better but you know I still like the raid
series um Shane kind of made me do it I don't always love to do the new raids the first week
because they're always kind of a white fest and people get mad but actually it was it was fine it
was tolerable so um yeah props to that and uh been doing island sanctuary which uh is my favorite
thing in Final Fantasy 14 and they just upped the level cap from 10 to 12 and they released
cosmetic gear when you get to level 12 because end game and mmos fuck raids fuck pvp it's all
about glamour cosmetics transmog and what you're wearing it's all about the fashion okay and get
this so they added two very important things that rank 12 in island sanctuary number one
an alligator mount which is which is cool that's cute but the more important thing the outfit that
you can get is now a swimming speedo outfit and I need that for my viera my my him not a himbo
but a him bunny I need my him bunny to have the speedo outfit so I'm making my way to rank 12
as soon as possible but it's uh it's a bit of a grind so uh working on that reddit's a lot of
help though with what exactly to make and when uh so you're turning you're gonna be turning your
island into like what was it the the uh the male gay equivalent of milf island or something like
that I wish I unfortunately the the the mechanics aren't that deep you can have like a friend visit
your island but the customization is still a little bit limited but I think they sort of see
how much it's catching like I don't think it was supposed to get any update with this recent patch
like they were like oh island sanctuary will get updates and even numbered patches but they did
an update anyway because I think a lot of people are more into it than they originally uh saw so
hopefully the customization options get even better and it's gonna it's gonna be an rp delight
just wait until people are doing their rave parties on the island instead of the personal
housing districts that you know that's what they do right now so there's there is that uh I've
also been playing a little bit of world of warcraft I don't know if I'm gonna renew when
this month's up though I've kind of done everything I'm gonna do in that game but I do there's things
about the mechanics in that game I kind of enjoy so I kind of enjoy kind of having both in the
rotation right now but it's keeping me from playing other games so one gotta go and the
reality is I'm always gonna pick 14 over wow right now so there's there's just that um but
I've enjoyed this latest expansion the latest expansion I think has the game in a lot better
place and I think it's especially I think the dragon flying mechanic is a great compromise
for how to fly in a new area without necessarily like just people flying from point A to point B
all the time um I think they did a good job with this expansion so you know kudos to them
um because I know it's not always been good news over there um so kudos to the teams that worked
hard on that um and then uh I played a lot more vampire survivors you know after bringing it up
on last week's episode I was like I need to to jump in and play a little more of that and uh
I for I forgot because I hadn't unlocked it yet but now I do there's a dog character that you can
play as and that by far that playing as the dog is my favorite because the dog starts with this
attack that's these like floral it looks like he's throwing flowers out or a bouquet of flowers
out or something like that but um it's very similar to the garlic attack where it like
pushes monsters away from you it's great so um I uh yeah I'll be playing a lot more as the dog but
the game encourages you to kind of cycle through the different characters so uh yeah thank gosh
for cloud saves between pc and xbox series x because of my controller issues I had to switch
over to playing vampire survivors on series x but um it picked up my old save which is great
there's a ton of achievements everything you can do in vampire survivors is like a five-point
achievement so there's like 140 achievements or something like that in the game it's pretty wild
so I've been having fun unlocking all those that's for sure so uh dark Tetsuya keep at it it's it's
a roguelike like anything else so just remember every because dark Tetsuya said I'm stuck in the
second area I haven't been able to pass it so kind of put vampire survivors back on the shelf
go back to the first area and earn some more coins and buy yourself some power ups some new
characters because that's that's what a roguelike's all about right when you can't get over the hill
try to invest the money to help get you over the hill so um it'll uh it'll get there it's it's it
is difficult at first the game's kind of designed like that but once you once you're able to get
some runs where you really get the money pouring in and you can really kind of buy yourself a
better starting build you're going to be in a great place so uh yeah it'll be fun so um yeah
that's pretty much it for my gaming week nothing really new yet but I am eyeing my backlog on what
can I stream and catch up on because I'm honestly looking at the latest expedition no man's sky and
I'm just kind of like you know I missed an expedition now I think that train derailed
I'll try the new expedition whatever that comes out but I'm looking to stream some other stuff
I have a huge game backlog to catch up on there's things like tunic I still really need to play so
I'll probably do a stream of that in the coming weeks so it just depends on my availability
all right well talking about new games to stream or not stream or otherwise
we're going to get to our top story I do want to mention real quick before we get into headlines
because we usually do uh like housekeeping and show updates um I've mentioned this before we're
not going to be here February 26th uh I'm going to be on a cruise that week um the Star Trek
Cruise which I've talked about before get this though so you know I talked about it on the show
the other week I was very excited because Kate Mulgrew is coming back this year guess what right
after we went off the air I got the alert she cancelled she had to pull out due to a filming
commitment they replaced her with Shatner yay I'm so oh god that sucks Rob I'm sorry I'm so
pressed I'm so pressed about it but you know what that's just you know what if when that programming
is going on there it's not like there isn't 500 other things to do on a cruise ship I can go do
something else it's fine and they got they got one of the um voice actors from Prodigy to come
as well which I thought was kind of cool um and they're still like Doug Jones is still going and
that's the the big one I can't wait to meet and get autographed with so it's not it's not all bad
news but it's like talk about a fucking downgrade anyway all right uh tiger class says probably to
record another season to start her prodigy well they got one of the other voice people there so
I don't know but they I'm sure they all record at different times so who knows all right Fanara says
everyone run to one side of the cruise ship and fling yourself overly dramatically at the railing
when you know who starts fucking reminiscing and talking about the good old days I'm sure
I'll do just that anyway let's move on to other happier topics and Loki as I was mentioning uh
new games potentially right yeah so we're going to be getting a um Microsoft um I don't want to
call it a direct a oh okay I guess they're calling it developer direct um a developer direct uh
featuring Bethesda and Xbox titles um on January 25th it's going to take place at 3 p.m eastern
12 p.m pacific and they're going to be focusing on upcoming xbox games like forza motorsports
minecraft legends red fall and as well as new content for elder scrolls online
um probably no mention of starfield because I'm sure I'll be delayed again
um yeah so we'll have to wait and see what they show there uh I gotta be honest with like minecraft
legends like I was minecraft legends funny enough is pulling an elder scrolls online with me
the more I see of it the less interested in it I am so that's it's it's I hope they show something
that makes it look interesting please or just mention anything about minecraft because it's
been absolutely radio silent since October I bet they will this this is a good time to give an
update well you know they said that their next update is going to be focused around story or
focused around things that will help you tell your story they put out a trailer today or not
today this week showing off the microsoft or the the minecraft store features like as in the
content that you can buy through there that will help you tell your story I have reservations about
all that so by tell your story you mean give me money meaning the the the next big update is
moving store to java edition so that you guys can pay for things too which no one will because
it's the java edition there's so much content out there that we don't need to do that but
you know I mean they're gonna try we'll see all right yeah well we'll have to we'll have to check
it out I'm assuming it'll be a deep dive on starfield as well we'll actually get to see a
little more of the gameplay because you know we've we've really not seen a lot of gameplay
uh we'll get a deep dive in the delay for starfield I'm sure you think again I think
again in an alternate universe we're playing that game right now it came out november 2022
so uh you think it'll get delayed again that's a pretty bold prediction I think it'll be
microsoft I think it's gonna be some first party stuff to come out you know there's some
big rumors out there and I think somebody had just posted it to our discord as well over at
vognetwork.com slash discord big rumors that scale bounds making a comeback scale bound got
uncancelled and platinum games working on it so apparently like there was a note it says on here
that microsoft has noted that the uh the standalone show for starfield is in the works
um oh interesting one that will dedicate the proper amount of time for a deep dive
hmm correct in a few months once once the delay is over
for their sake I hope not but at the same time right you want the game to be good so don't
release a crap product it's coming out q4 yeah I'm sorry all right we'll see well you know what
it would be interesting if if the microsoft overlords uh finally forced bethesda to put
out a non-buggy product it'll be uh that'll be newsworthy in and of itself to be quite honest
we'll be we'll already be in starships by the time that happens like actual starships actual
starships yeah all right jefferson starship uh finara says isn't it par to put out unfinished
stuff these days yes but well that is true the internet will rake over the coals for that
especially when there's early previews of stuff and there have been games that have their sales
that get impacted because you know that first week sales is really important it's like a movie right
halo infinite i mean like it there is like they really like microsoft needs to take a page from
sony's book and release products that are polished like actually polished and not buggy when they
come out like you know horizon or god of war and all that stuff they need to release like actual
quality product that is finished and halo infinite was a bad start i mean obviously so other games i
think like forza and stuff have been pretty good but also they kind of had to 180 during development
because of the original feedback so there there is that so we're already yeah i had a bad start there
but like i mean but they need to like with a big tentpole title like something like that they
really need to focus on making sure that is absolutely perfect they did not do that this time
they did quite the opposite but um maybe the next game will be better fable you know or something
like that oh i'd love to see more on fable i hope we get that in this direction i would too i would
be very excited especially considering who's making it you know in their track record i'd love that
so all right well in the meantime let's talk about things that have leaked to the internet
uh an interesting pair of leaks uh that happened this last week the first one had to do with valve
and an asset repository leak so basically what happened with this is that uh content for team
fortress 2 that was cut and uh some other things on like the half-life games they all hit uh the
web this week uh in a leak and of course the original story i had linked is not working for
me right now but that's okay because i can switcharoo on the fly here uh it also included
stuff from portal and counter strike source but i believe the vast majority of it was cut things
from team fortress 2 um and uh so uh there's uh never before seen maps models psds vmfs 61 gigs
of content for team fortress 2 this is the last official team fortress 2 content drop anyone will
see is uh what's apparently the leaker have been holding on to these two for uh since 2016 at
least that's what they're claiming so um there you go so nothing about anything with a three in
it so don't get carried away but you know people are kind of looking at like oh here's some stages
and things that were supposed to be in the game that didn't quite make it through and little
things like that also very interesting uh mortal kombat 2 had some leaks that you know the source
code and this is you remember red red uh radon yeah like this this uh source code leaked uh
of course github got a takedown request for the source code from warner brothers discovery because
of course they did but you know the old saying once it's on the internet it's always on the
internet uh there's also not just source code that leaked but there are assets that also leak to the
internet that show a new johnny cage fatality which i thought was very interesting it looks
like he either like rips their face off or rips their brain out uh in this fatality and uh it may
have been a little much even for that i mean you know obviously that's nothing for those games now
but maybe in the 90s that game's older than most of the people playing it yeah so uh it's
interesting that the that's uh all been unearthed but otherwise i didn't think a lot of i mean if
you are super into the mortal kombat games then like every frame every like move that possibly
got deleted or something is very interesting but i think for the casual fan it's kind of like
it's not like there's anything super like there's no like missing characters or anything like that
outside of that uh one fatality really some really neat animations though like the spin attack from
baraka yeah yeah that thing was pretty cool there was a uh a radon move that looked like
his original fatality that looks like it was cut too which is interesting so there were um now i'm
gonna just throw a little backstory in this i was living you know in alabama when this game came out
and we took a trip up the east coast um it was the trip i went to new york uh got to play at carnegie
hall um but anyway they had a lot of test units like of different builds for mortal kombat 2
um so this was like in 93 and um like there were even like early nba jam you know cabinets still
out around the time too so some of this stuff like i remember seeing on early units like we
still we still found machines that you could do like infinite uh katana loop on and all of that
it was it there were just some things like oh i think i saw that or you know it just sort of
hit some of those things for me it was pretty cool yeah so kind of kind of a nice look back
especially considering how old the game is right now i i'm like the source code isn't really
hurting anybody but you know whatever i guess warner brothers feels the need to i mean i get
it because like you know it is and they're still selling mortal kombat 2 and these arcade one-up
machines for one and there were rumors about those hd remasters some time ago although i don't think
they ever came to fruition i think it got canceled like most things at warner brothers discovery but
um you know it's it's it feels like this isn't really hurting anyone but i understand they have
to protect their trademark and all that but it's on the internet now if you want to go find all
this stuff i think that the the discovery of what's been cut is it's not going to hurt anyone
now but you know it's interesting that's all anyway dark sakura let's go uh to you for
something a little more modern well um i i was actually going to go find it but i put it away
somewhere um google is giving us another lovely little handout um as the ship sinks um if you've
got a stadia controller they're going to be unlocking um uh well they're going to release
a tool that will enable bluetooth support on the stadia controller so that you can use it for other
things so not only did you get the controller for a free but it's now bluetooth capable at least it
will be um it's it's just pretty pretty happy news you know i think that uh you know rather than
having i mean i never was going to consider it a paperweight because honestly i play with
a lot of my controllers wired um just because i have a lot of different things that can cause
interference um but i mean i absolutely love that it's a controller that i i've been able to use on
my ipad with little problem um i mean this is this is my regular controller is a steel series
and um my stadia controller is just as hefty and feels just as good in my hands so
it's a very comfortable controller to use so i'm i'm pretty pretty happy about that um
uh i mean we've got two days now until uh until the shutdown no one day i think it's tomorrow
isn't it yeah i don't know i'm following so yeah i knew it was coming up real real soon though
real soon though oh yeah and i've already gotten of course my my refund in november um
bobby blackwolf says wednesday the 18th is the final day okay so dawn of the final day 72 hours
remain you know what i might have to do a farewell stadia stream um when i play except i'm trying to
do achievements but maybe maybe i'll do a recorded video of me launching into stadia one last time
yeah you might as well yeah so at any rate um i i'm still very disappointed especially with
the announcement of the uh the chrome book um and i don't i don't know i'm just
hey bobby is mentioning about huh oh no i was just to say hey at least they refunded the money
you know i'll give them a lot of props for that and the fact that they are unlocking the bluetooth
on this because um and not everybody may know this but um those controllers they work through wi-fi
so the controller didn't connect to your computer connected to your wi-fi so that it could get to
the server faster basically which is you know it's a pretty clever way to do the streaming device
yeah i mean it was awesome it was fantastic on my ipad i mean screw dbd mobile you know i was
playing the real thing so um but then i was just saying for them to do this they really are doing
something extra and it actually reduces e-waste because a lot of those things would have ended
up in the garbage well um to go back to what i was uh gonna say before um bobby mentioned um
uh that he's considering getting a stream deck uh and said and might make the stadia controller
my doc steam deck controller um i'm not getting a steam deck yet not until dead by daylight has
support on it um and it's the whole anti-cheat thing vhs uses it too and it doesn't like uh
any of the unix systems or any arm architecture for that matter and then to answer dj run the s
about a chromebook um yeah so like what was it like a week two weeks after they announced the
stadia closure um they announced then that they were making a series of chromebooks geared toward
cloud gaming and i'm like really really google really if you were gonna be giving me all this
money back and i'm getting on my dlc and cosmetics and crap for free nah nah brah you don't do that
so yeah that was that was the bullshit and you have as far as cloud gaming goes you you have
kind of settled on nvidia right now right is now your yeah i did i wanted to like boosteroid but
there's a couple of things about it is that number one the server connection is terrible
i don't think they have any u.s servers um i mean it's good for folks who are in uh in europe
really good for folks in india because they have uh support for indian servers um but not very good
over here and they were being way too slow to get a matt client out um i mean the customer service
were all great people the people that i dealt with and i really wanted to like it but i couldn't swing
it so um i have the the um the regular tier the the 10 bucks a month here for uh g-force and i
honestly like it except i hate that it forces you into full screen i hate playing in full screen
especially when i i got this big ass monitor so that i could play in windowed mode and have my
stream stuff in some place and have this another and it's bullshit however i'm gonna tell all you
you know the other five people who play uh games on a mac there's way around it and that's you you
get your your window where you want it to be where you you know want to play on it and then when the
game goes into full screen wait just a little bit and then do uh control up and that shows you your
multiple desktops and full screen windows count as their own desktop so you can go hover to the
top of your desktop and then go to the top left hand corner of the nvidia window you get a little
double arrow you hit that and it will trick it into being windowed just don't try to move it or
it will not move the way that you want it to do that's what i'm saying get in position first and
that is how you get that's how you get around uh it forcing you into full screen hacks now with um
with uh boosteroid funny enough in chrome it forced full screen in safari it didn't
so i wanted i wanted to like it i really i really wanted to to give the the smaller guys you know
a little bit of uh of a joy but alas right um but i mean i really my games look great um the
only thing is that because i'm actually in a decreased full screen technically is that it
does come up a little pixely um for me just changing aspect ratios like that but for the
but for the most part like when i'm in game it's it's beautiful it's smooth um i only get a little
bit of lag and and i haven't had a very long wait to get into into my games uh for q like i think
the longest ad was six people i'm also playing marvel's midnight suns on it okay and um it's
beautiful no problems at all i i i'm enjoying it and the service is far better than i it was
the first time i tried it so thumbs up all right well let us move on to uh some less happy news
coming out of another company right loki yeah ubisoft has been they've been on a roll with
delaying and canceling things so they've again because apparently fans of this game are used to
disappointment they have decided to delay skull and bones yet again sorry pirates you're not
going to build a pirate until you know later i guess i think the game was announced originally
like five years ago like it was a while ago um but yeah so that's been delayed now um also
they have announced that they are canceling several other games that i think were maybe even
unannounced yet um so and they're saying right now they're the reason is they want to focus on
like like super franchises or something like that basically like really powerful franchises
i think the problem is that all of their games kind of repeat a certain um
pattern i guess uh a certain structure of um you know towers that you climb and uh
outposts and every single one kind of has the same type of gameplay and people are getting
sick of that and so maybe that's kind of what is causing problems but i don't know
i mean that sucks that they're canceling stuff too bad one of those things that they're canceling
is not easy come on you know who hasn't addressed any of the sexual harassment
charges and uh misogyny that's going on in their company but you know everything else
business as usual i guess if i rolled my eyes any harder at him i think i would pull something
uh there was one game though that we can't confirm that was uh cancelled was was the vr
splinter cell game but i don't know they've released weirder vr games remember that eagle
game that they had i never played that but i bought it but i mean i can say that about
hundreds of games i have it is interesting to see them scaling back on a lot of that though um
just not assassin's creed though remember all the three titles that they announced last time
yeah gotta go where the money is right uh quest buster in chat says beyond good and evil 2 has
entered the chat uh as an assassin's creed fan myself some of the bloat in the later games was
getting a bit much yeah well that's the thing i think they were saying that their next assassin's
creed game they wanted to like slim down a little bit as well because yeah it was getting too too
big so we'll see i don't know i honestly the last time i was excited about an ubisoft game was
far maybe one of the far cries i've been excited about far cry in a long time though so
i don't know all right well let's talk about an interesting test feature on xbox uh this is
something that's being tested right now it's an active hours sleep option so it's in the xbox
insider program right now which is kind of like their beta testing mechanism and in this you can
have your console shut down not sleep but shut down at times where you aren't using it and this
will cut down on your energy use which is pretty cool not that these things use a ton of energy
when they're sleeping but you know it adds up so it's nice to do that you can actually manually
schedule those hours if you kind of know like these are the times i play these are times i don't
but there's also an automatic option if you want the console console to adapt to what you tend to
do so it'll get take its best guess best based on when you play it this is going to be automatically
enabled on these systems too usually we aren't fans of these types of automatic opt-in sims uh
systems but i see the greater good they're going for with this you know if they're using less
energy overall and you know trying to you know contribute to making it greener then okay i i
think this is a fair thing to opt people into because you can opt out if you want to the xbox
one however will default to always active and you have to configure that yourself i'm assuming
that's probably just something to do with maybe the hardware or whatever just the age so there's
also a shut down energy saving option that uses 20 times less power than sleep while still allowing
the overnight updates to the xbox and the games so that's kind of neat so you know you know what's
had that for a very long time mac os well and and it's important to note in microsoft's camp
windows 11 also has a similar feature so there's it's nice to see everybody coming to the uh
greenery table it's been here for years all right um moving on star soccer what else has been here
for you um uh another company that for the longest time forgot how to count to three
um capcom now this is cool i actually sent this to to dan like right away um capcom has
announced the street fighter 35th anniversary live concert it's a first time a concert for
street fighter apart from you know that that cool group that played at twitch con that was pretty
cool um but uh it is going to be uh taking place on january 29th 20 uh 23 at line cube shibuya
concert hall and um it will also be available to be watched online and it's by cap tune which
was the band that we were watching rob oh that's pretty cool um and also um uh the lethal weapons
which is a synth pop uh duo that's doing uh classic street fighter tunes and of course uh
shinomura yoko will be on hand who is a uh the composer for street fighter 2
um also um the uh the set list has been announced this is as of right now is the opening music for
street fighter 2 uh the ryu and ken stage for street fighter 2 the um it says m bison i'm
wondering if they mean like their ball rock yeah probably okay yeah um killing moon from
street fighter 3 third strike um i want it is that the abuki one i like the i like yabuki's
music in street fighter 3 a whole lot um the theme of crimson viper and street fighter 4
street fighter 4 soundtrack was amazing the theme of cami street fighter 4 arranged um we have
bustling side street china stage for street fighter 5 ring of destiny ring stage street
fighter 5 theme of dan cap tuna range chief writer 5 we heard them play that
i may have some of that um on my phone that was the one they were doing live that was pretty
pretty random for a uh a what was keynote but hey neat kind of um i mean they uh street fighter
6 was a co-sponsor for twitch con yeah true all right uh luke's theme uh uh taking aim
cap tune arranged for street fighter 6 um the streaming tickets are selling through uh zyco
which is about uh 3500 yen about 27 bucks us and there's limited video on demand option lasting
until february 12 2023 and then those who go can get some swag like a long towel and pins
with concert outfits for ryuk uh chun li ken and guile keychains microfiber cloth with promotional
event art and i might i might have to make this happen all right i like that they're letting
people participate virtually too since not everybody can just go to japan to see this
so that's pretty cool i need to see if i can find that website all right well let's move on we have
another story that um this is one of those things i'm kind of actually surprised with still going
but uh loki yeah so uh i i forgot about this as well because i i don't really use this but um
gog connect which was a service that allowed you to basically um i think wasn't this the one that
you allowed you to kind of import your different libraries from different things and allowed you
to have one launcher yep well i mean we should have known better that that's never gonna work
because especially when we're all sitting here going well i forgot about it and to be clear it's
not gog galaxy the actual like storefront in that launcher like that's right closed yeah yeah this
is the the launcher that basically combined all your libraries together you know like the good
thing that really it should be set up that way but um no i i didn't realize this was a service
i thought it would be like a piece of software but uh yeah it's not going to be they're going
to be discontinuing that as well so it's officially been killed off um it has a good point uh saying
i used it once but it was cool to get the extras from the gog versions that's true because the gog
versions often had like maybe a soundtrack or a digitized manuals and some other like cool little
embellishments that steam doesn't always have yeah so i mean that's cool if it was like unlocking
stuff and i could see like you know where they may have where you basically like copies of the
game or something like that but um yeah i don't know it still would be nice to have like a piece
of software that combined the libraries but at the same time like i don't find it massively
inconvenient either it's just i kind of forget what i have on certain platforms sometimes
all right well rip that service that we probably should have been checking in on more often because
sometimes you don't know what you got till it's gone so there's that all right um boy oh boy i'm
gonna admit i'm having a hard time wrapping my head around this but all of you on discord were
really lighting up about this that i wanted to bring it up on the show even if it isn't directly
about video games it's certainly something that inspires shit tons of video games and that is
what's going on in the dungeons and dragons world and uh wizards of the coast this week uh i guess
there was a leaked version of their open games license that leaked out and the changes were
interpreted that third-party publishers were going to be hurt and profits were going to increase of
course that's what these things are the ones that are not popular always go this way right
what the ogl is is it allows you to use aspects of dnd mechanics to create royalty-free content
so for example they're that you do these things called splat books which i'm not familiar with
that but they say that critical role which is a hugely popular show has one so i'm assuming
they're like fan campaigns or something that you can like make and sell basically uh right now um
and artistia says i think it came up in discord oh yeah y'all went off in discord which i wanted
to bring it up on the show because i do listen even if i don't always understand because i don't
play any dnd currently but i certainly recognize that without it we wouldn't have role-playing
games in the same state that we do now japanese or american like dnd has been hugely influential
on all of it so anyway um so there's third-party tabletop content thanks to this ogl and all of
this so wizards of the coast announced one dnd which was a rules update and an online integration
that was going to be pushed alongside the fifth edition content but when they announced dnd beyond
this was when they recognized that there was going to be changes to the existing ogl
and there was skepticism because there's clause about royalties and if you make more than 750
000 then that was going to be part of that but then there was another article that came out on
january 5th that apparently the ogl 1.1 was almost 10 times the original document in size
and that it completely voided the original ogl so it's kind of almost going back to the youtube
thing it's changing all the rules after the fact so that the original ogl no longer is an authorized
license agreement so sucks to be you if you made something under that so for companies like paizo
that are is like a third-party creator that makes content around this this could have fucked them
royally and if you don't sign up for the new new ogl you can't make any income at all off the
products so of course people lost their fucking mind which you know people tend to do with changes
but when you retroactively change the rules rightfully so people are losing their mind
the creator of the original ogl and a former vice president of wizards of the coast ryan dancy went
on to say the original license was never intended to be rescinded and then a third-party publisher
cobalt press said that their open source rule set called project black i'm sorry it was announced it
wasn't they announced project black flag basically like we're gonna make your own fucking dnd
which some somewhat similar to what happened on twitter and mastodon even though that actually
that mastodon's a few years old at this point but it was to create something better well and
yeah the thing is is they they would know about it too because they were there they were the ones
that like helped draft the original agreement in the first place like some of these people
including their legal counsel and stuff so and let me point out wizards of the coast actually
had their own rpg system while dnd was uh still under tsr um so uh and then they bought i mean
there's probably a lot more i'm not going to go in the backstory i'm doing a very very simple story
but i mean that's just sort of like how how soon they forget yeah how soon they forget
so has bro tasbro pushing it just to give you yeah just to give you a sense of the rest of
the timeline on january 10th wizards posted to the dnd beyond twitter account saying more info
to come soon in other words read between the lines stop losing your fucking minds we're
asking the lawyers for an update but on january 12th piezo that third party responded and said
we're going to do our own system neutral open license a new open perpetual and irrevocable
irrevocable i can never say that word irrevocable uh open rpg creative license or orc for short
isn't that cute um and basically saying this is a key word there the one i can't pronounce right
that they can never pull it back irrevocable irrevocable so that uh wizards of the coast
obviously tried to make the change that's the biggest pain point there so that's very
interesting as well uh this orc license would be developed under uh azora law which is a firm that
specializes in intellectual property basically making sure that they walk that fucking fine
line and don't copy anything so um yeah principle is six as heck i'm about to fire up some dnd into
the stream and lurk in my stream if i host one yeah but then i said if i ever hosted a game
i only do second edition yeah um and yes i'm i'm i'm trying to get to the rest of the timeline
finara but everybody's getting their opinion which is fine which that's how we work here
so um wizards of the coast finally did a response january 13th so two days ago saying that the
changes were never intended to limit or prohibit players or aspiring desire designers were taking
their own work what they were trying to prevent and honestly i you know and again being a little
bit more of an outsider in this situation this was the right thing to say they were trying to
prevent web 3 and nft products based on dnd rules okay that's jumping up that's a reasonable
response yes the way you did it yeah the way you did it not so great but i if it took you three
days to come up with the best possible response then so be it uh they also do not want their
content appearing in hateful and discriminatory discriminatory products also certainly
understandable and they want major corporations to not use the ogl and commercial releases
so the new ogl will be reconfigured to specify that it covers only content for tabletop rpgs
and thus shouldn't impact the rest of the fan content out there live streams cosplay for charity
wizards and hasbro's trying to say you're safe and with all this stuff so but you know
as the story goes it doesn't matter what you intended it matters what is perceived so it
will be interesting to see if they can push back or if they can get back from this because now
this orc thing is started this project black flag is started that's that's a faucet you can't turn
off now at this point so wizards is already going to pay a price for this even if they are able to
calm people down going no no we're just trying to say fuck those nft guys with the rest of you oh
okay so anyway for life dark soccer is holding up her second edition players handbook there
um uh fanara in chat says to quote wizards of the coast we rolled a one yes yeah so
anyway it'll be interesting to see what happens all right uh join the conversation on our discord
if you'd like to over at vog network.com that's vognetwork.com slash discord um fixation gaze uh
is in our chat hello hello saying my new friend it's it's our legion now wizards and hasbro
wanted to steal art under a license they wanted free use of any art that was posted so you know
and again when you do things without explaining them which is what hasbro did you allow the
internet to come up with the conclusions that they're drawing whether that was what was intended
or not and it certainly does point out you know again if this was hasbro's intention or not
it still looks shitty so uh tiger call with another interesting perspective saying this is
going to affect the box office for the upcoming dnd movie because people will not see it in spite
cause of what happened wait wait wait i missed this they're doing another one weren't the last
two attempts like because krull was supposed to be a dnd movie and i love krull don't get me wrong
it has amazing actors and amazing scenes in it but it's not very cohesive and then the actual
dnd movie that came out i enjoyed it because it was stupid but it wasn't very good either
and now they're doing another one yes and and chris pine plays a bard
i do want to see it it looks good i saw the trailer it looks okay it's no megan but you know
it's no cocaine bear but you know yeah uh other comments in chat uh fixation case clarifying this
was actually brought up in a whistleblowing email they did intend to steal from the community oh
that's yeah that's a yikes those emails getting leaked as yeah again i'm not like an avid player
of dnd currently so i'm not following this as closely but that's that's a yike that was why a
lot of people were leaving deviantart because deviantart had i think some option that if your
artwork was uploaded on their website they could make like a certain profit off of selling off some
of your artwork which funny enough i also i saw this in our discord somebody's suing deviantart
and all of those ai art companies about stealing all the artwork and i i should have occurred to
me it's only a matter of time before someone does that and here we are so somebody's suing
not only deviantart but all those ai companies over the ai stolen artwork basically the only
reason i didn't cancel my account there is because i do enjoy seeing what some of my favorite
comic book artists are doing and getting stuff to use in daz 3d but like my artwork all every
last piece of art i have ever done on deviantart has been removed yeah i i used to host my portfolio
there no i remember those days yeah yeah my i had some decent stuff on my portfolio back in the day
but i do a lot better work now don't sell yourself short um no it was it was pretty crappy i was very
new it's like me going back to read my old live journal i'm like oh god because actually there
was a conversation that led me to go look at live journal oh somebody in the orange channel in
discord they were talking about why was there an episode this and an episode 0.5 and i went to my
live journal to find out oh that was when i was traveling for work and it was i was at katsu khan
one weekend and traveling for work the next weekend and loki did like a solo show that
weekend so it was like a point five because you must have been indisposed as well dark
soccer or something happened because loki did a solo show so anyway oh my god i actually forgot
my login i want to get just a couple other comments on this from some folks that play
dnd a little more right now uh and then we'll move on to our next topic uh quest buster says
expanding on fixation gaze's point the new ogl had language that allowed wizards of the
coast to publish your work anywhere they wanted without paying you also if your ip under ogl 1.1
made less than 50k you had to report those numbers you were literally landing handing
the keys to your livelihood to wizards of the coast and fixation gaze uh piggybacked on that
saying exactly they are backtracking so i would also like to point out that youtube sort of has
something very similar going on um is that with any content that's posted on youtube they can
take that content and reuse it as an ad on another site that's how they do their ads on um
on facebook for example without at all letting you know about it
wow wow so all right yeah all right well it's in their tsc let's take a trip back to simpler times
when uh you know there there were no nfts and uh we if you wanted to change the rules of the game
you literally couldn't do a patch so uh and and back to a time when people were still
playing second edition dnd on a massive scale let's get to the bump this is this isn't that old
okay maybe third edition here we go um
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where i'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it it's time for the classic game of the week
and dark soccer what did you pick tonight it picked a game called retro city rampage which
has a great name um so at any rate um this is an action adventure game that was developed by
v blank entertainment it's a parody of retro games from the 80s and 90s and also they're the the pop
culture that went with those eras and grand theft auto and very similar games it was released on the
playstation 3 the ps vita and uh windows in 2012 with later ports on other systems the enhanced
version retro city rampage dx was released for the nintendo 3ds in 2014 with other ports afterwards
um the the fun thing about this is that there is an ms das version uh retro city rampage 486
was uh also released in july 29th 2015 it's a limited physical run on a floppy disk
as well as a digital download um god floppy disks i remember having descent on 14 three and a
quarters um anyway um you are in the city of theft off theftropolis in 1985 and you are the player
a thug for hire who um you work for crime syndicate led by the jester and then um you uh
during a bad uh bad heist you run into a time traveling telephone booth where we've seen this
before bill and ted and the doctor um the booth sends you uh to the the year 20 x dx
i i love that um and then the booth breaks down and a guy named doc chuck who is supposed to be
like you know dr brown from back to the future um arrives and rescues you and he thinks that
you're like some hero when you're just an accidental person oh yeah 20 x d6 that's right
um so you go through you know you have uh different types of parodies of people um you
you know you have your parody law enforcement the jester bayside high school students
and dr von buttnick yes like dr robotnik um and he's the head of rnd at at core
and they want to use the time machine to control the electronics market
anyway um the game was inspired by grand theft auto and that you uh do a different bunch of
missions in a huge open city um and they they planned 50 story missions and 30 challenge levels
um and uh like there's like all kinds of different shops and all kinds of different things they have
homage to different 8-bit video games um different elements from different genre
different graphics filters that can simulate the different uh types of computers and game controls
and it is played top down bird's eye like the original gta games
um and so and it also can switch um into a 2d perspective like platformer
um the game also has free roaming mode that lets you just run around the city and just cause
trouble the whole time um you can play it with unlockable characters from other uh indie developed
games like super meat boy commander video from the bit trip series and steve from minecraft and
others um on february 28th uh the day of the we release the pc update became available allowing
you to play the game's prototype called rom city rampage and it is a port of retro city rampage to
ness homebrew and emulated within retro city rampage um so pc users got it for free it was
included with the wii and 3ds versions and then it was later released on psn and xbox live
so conceptually the game came from a homebrew project in 2002 um a game programmer named
brian provinciano uh constructed a nes system development kit and was trying to remake grand
theft auto 3 with 8-bit uh sprites calling it grand theftendo and then uh he uh showed it off
at the 2011 game developers conference showed his methods you know and people were interested in it
so new characters added more stuff was doing he ended up working on it full time
and the rest is history so some of the games that are referenced in this
um are river city ransom uh which is also uh niketsu hot downtown story i always get the
name messed up non-super mario brothers legend zelda mega man contra bionic commando metal gear
smash tvs uh teenage mutant turtles a bunch of others and then there had cheesy one-liners in
there um with cameos by phil fish from fez uh billy campbell and phil guerrero um of ytv fame
um and uh
of course uh one thing they are quick to say is that even though it's called
uh retro city rampage it is not a reference to river city ransom in the name um so
there is a limited edition we port of retro city rampages uh sequel shakedown hawaii
um that was a europe exclusive limited port and then they said uh they were doing a physical we
version of retro city rampage with ref called retro city rampage dx plus that would also be
released uh on july 9 2020 and had a limited run of 3 000 copies um just cleaned up and looking
better um so it got really good reviews very positive it got a 71 on medicritic
um as of march 2013 the game sold 100 000 copies ps3 and pc versions made the most profit
um as of december 2014 the developer said that the game had reached 400 000 sold copies
and an additional uh 270 000 playstation plus units while also uh stating pc and playstation
uh family versions are still the most successful um so like i said there was a um a sequel shakedown
hawaii on november 24 2015 it was announced then it was 30 years after retro city rampage
and again open world destructible environment 16-bit visuals um to be released on windows ps4
ps vita nintendo 3ds and switch it was released on may 7 2019 for all platforms uh with a 3ds
version on september 19 2019 in north america there were other release dates um but um they
also revealed that shakedown hawaii was only releasing on we july 9 2020 exclusively in europe
making it and retro city rampage dx the final wii games to be officially released
there's a wii u port that came out exclusively in north america uh august 2020 with a steam release
after that so there you go that's our game river city rampage um right retro city rampage
rampage
it's too close sounding right um but yeah it's it's it's a it's a doozy all right a lot of
people in our chat uh kind of thinking oh yeah i remember this or i've played this you know this
is kind of a game that i i have played somewhat recently even so it's over 10 years old but yeah
the first week of january 2013 okay oh so right at that 10-year mark wow interesting all right
there it is a classic game of the week all right let's take some time now to travel around the
gaming world quickly and check out some rapid fire news uh from across the gaming globe so
loki we'll start with you yeah uh well we'll talk a little bit about game pass and uh playstation
plus so game pass is got some new games coming in uh this month so we got persona 3 portable
persona 4 golden and monster hunter rise those are coming this month uh leaving game pass uh
danganronpa trigger happy havoc nobody saves the world paparazzi uh the anacrusius and we happy
few and windjammers 2 and then of course playstation plus those are some pretty big
titles to be losing but persona that's a big land too so you know i guess it evens out a little bit
yeah uh playstation plus is going to be getting uh looks like devil may cry 5
back for blood and also uh let's see what else here
um yeah so devil may cry 5 special edition back for blood and we've got a dragon ball fighter z
uh erica jet the far shore just cause for reloaded life is strange life is strange before the storm
omno sinai wild wild hearts two uh star wars demolition and siphon filter 3 what the heck
is star wars demolition anyways filter yes i haven't felt through three those are playstation
one games the last three and yeah i was like i haven't heard that game in an age well it's nice
to see playstation bumping up their back catalog but i i still feel like that service isn't catching
on the same way i have no interest in it yeah i think that at all the drip feeding's too slow
open the floodgates all right uh what else and then uh yeah uh let's see i think uh this is
pretty funny so they've got a brand new final fantasy 7 mod that adds voice acting to the pc
version and so this is the classic final fantasy 7 because obviously the modern ones have voice
acting but uh it's called echo s7 i can get it at asuna mods and it basically adds yeah
voice acting to all the characters in final fantasy 7 i think there may even be like
six basically through the original script but i think it might be some embellishments on some
stuff but neat i'd be willing to check it out what's the sound arith makes when she bites it
i did not show that in the preview video so i'm not sure
that just makes me think of that thing with
christopher lee telling someone how someone dies when they're stabbed in the back and not to argue
with them uh they're also apparently the the team that put it out um is also working on voice acting
mods for final fantasy 8 and 9 as well oh boy all right it's kind of interesting that's interesting
all right uh dark sakura so um there's a live action dungeon dragons tv series uh at paramount
plus i'm not going to watch it um it is uh they're basically jumping off of the the halo bandwagon
even though the halo thing sucked um and uh so it's paramount uh pictures and e1 are partnering
to produce the series um they're also the ones behind the movie and uh it's a large scope tv
project uh that they're gonna be putting out um they also were um there's another one on here
oh yeah um the honor monk thieves also has michelle rodriguez so maybe i'll see it because of
because of her um hugh grant's in it i didn't know hugh grant was in it wow
anyway um so yeah that that's uh that's planning to come out um i'm gonna i would rather watch
willow just saying um s2100 matt in chat going back to the uh voice acting file has the seventh
story talking about arith dying says they should swap in the Waluigi way in there well it'd be in
a mod you know you probably could get that yeah you can just make the mario died sound
all right i'm sure we'll see all sorts of youtubes that have different death noises
slight because the ultimate one would be to have um a throwback to remember the dear sister short
on saturday night live and when she gets killed have it go what you say when you want
uh yeah i'm sure that probably already exists because everybody was doing dear sister
parodies back in the day all right anyway uh one more story for you uh for rapid fire news talking
about oh the end of a virtual compendium for the sega mega drive bitmap books uh has to cancel
their mega drive visual compendium because sega has threatened it legally uh this would have been
the eighth release in the bitmap book series there's been atari 2600 Commodore 64 a lot of
you linked to me that one it looked pretty cool Amiga NES and SNES these are hefty books they're
coffee table books basically with visual material for the platform's archives sprites stages box art
marketing materials sega originally backed bitmap books for a sega master system edition
but wouldn't do the same thing for the 16-bit version so in a statement to bitmap books fans
the creative director sam dyer said we've had to push back the release date a few times and as of
now we have not communicated why i'm afraid to say that we've been asked by sega to remove the listing
or face potential legal action as a small business this is not something we can risk after discussions
their position is non-negotiable it is of course their right to protect their ip as they see fit
now of course people in chat talking about you know dart tsu is saying i mean that's the sort
of thing i might expect from nintendo but yeah sega not usually the company to do this sort of
thing so it's odd uh and you have to wonder are they trying to cook up something of their own or
what's the deal so anyway they are yeah they're trying to find a way to release it as a free pdf
as long as that's legally viable so now they're going the weird hour out where oh well gaga wants
to tell me not to which it wasn't gaga it was one of her people wants to tell me i can't do that
song well i'll just put it out for free on youtube and i think he did that with a couple other songs
too so uh but anyway yeah so no notebook for you for mega drive sorry about that all right uh let's
get to some release dates around the world so loki what is coming out in the us for games not a lot
uh we've got graze counter gm on pc nintendo switch playstation 4 playstation 5 xbox one xbox series
a space for the unbound on pc nintendo switch playstation 4 playstation 5 xbox one xbox series
persona 3 portable on pc nintendo switch playstation 4 xbox one xbox series persona
4 golden on nintendo switch playstation 4 xbox one xbox series fire emblem engage on nintendo
switch monster hunter rise on playstation 4 playstation 5 xbox one xbox series and that's it
so i was muted for a second there let's go to japan and check out what's coming out in japan
uh on the 19th i'm sorry can i for real uh i it would be nice but yeah uh let's go to
the nintendo switch on the 19th uh a space for the unbound is out in japan as well as tristia
of the deep blue sea legacy tristia restore also out in japan on the switch never awake and that's
an irregular and a premium limited edition and there's a tri bundle pack for tristia if uh you
want to get all of the uh uh games there you can get that as well uh as well as yukinko daisenpu
is also coming out uh on the switch in japan this week so it's it's picking up uh pretty much over
there uh playstation 5 uh no game releases nope i lied there's one a space for the unbound is out
on the ps5 this week as well you can also get a new third-party charging stand if that's up your
alley so uh check that out as well uh next week for spoken is the big release and that's in all
regions but uh is looks to be the big tent pole for uh japan next week as well dark sakura let's
go to europe anything on the switch on the 20th fire emblem engage the end all right uh we have
a few more news stories for you and then we will open up for some calls if you'd like to give us
a call over at vog network.com discord yeah uh so net ease has basically dissolved the team that
was maintaining the blizzard games in china um they've been i guess laid off or uh reassigned
to different projects and this is ending i guess they were working those for 14 years wow that's a
long time um so yeah that's uh there is less than 100 people affected by that but that's
you know still a lot of staff that's been reallocated stuff i mean we don't need to
maintain blizzard games anymore right you know it's it's fine i'm self-sustaining i'm surprised
there wasn't a last minute reprieve on all of that but they sure i mean this is very finalized for
all of that isn't it so yeah apparently um the the contract was not renewed by blizzard so maybe
they're handling it internally or just saying and whatever you know i don't know but that of course
affects overwatch 2 diablo 3 world of warcraft starcraft hearthstone heroes of the storm so
so and uh those games will be now unplayable in china sucks if you live in china it sucks for
people that invested hours upon hours in those games i can't even imagine something like that
happening over here that's for sure all right yeah that sucks so before we get to our next story
guess what i found over on youtube
all right let me check this out
i'm doing this i'm doing this live what to say
okay i can't play too much of the song or we're gonna get silenced
oh my god rob sorry i know the audio doesn't come through on discord very well for you guys but
i i played just a little bit to to hear see and then there's my version where die
oops i reset the shot wrong i made for i made poor poor lapin sad by saying that i still had
my save file all right um moving on okay dark soccer now that i've got you in a good mood
i'm in a good mood i know i know i actually like her in the the new version because she has a
personality yeah i i i like her character in the new version as woman in refrigerator you know
what i mean and that's why when they they flip the script and they don't kill her in the next
one it's gonna it's gonna hit differently because it's gonna happen they're not gonna kill her
west muster has the has a thing like tears in the rain thank you mr replicant um anyway um stadia
has one last hurrah but it's not anything new it's new to us but certainly not new to them
uh they are releasing the worm game it is a very simple snake-like game that stadia uh
that stadia's cloud features were used uh for were tested using this game um and their statement says
play the game that came to stadia before stadia came to the world worm game is a humble title
we use to test many of stadia's features starting well before our 2019 public launch right through
2022 it looks cute i like that i'll say it won't win game of the year but we spent a lot of time
playing it we think it's fun here you go thank you i'm looking i'll give it a go i was gonna
say there's something you can play on stream on your goodbye stadium okay
just saying i actually i might i might i might i might do that like at the end of of wednesday
stream maybe we'll see s2100 matt says snake 360 did it better yeah yyr will sue although i guess
technically he can't lay claim to the snake concept no guess but i can't say that with
a tron machine sitting behind me now can i oh come on i sat on my nokia i know that game's playing
what two-bit snake in the bathroom
all right i remember when i got a phone in color and i was like bejeweled
remember when there were magazines in the bathroom then phone set up my work
oh did i remember there was that shirt that came out like when the iphone first came out this is
changed the way i go to the bathroom this is interesting marketing way i wish i'd bought
that when it came out all right just a few more stories then we'll get to the listener roundtable
so loki yeah so there's been an announcement i guess that a new mech warrior game is being
worked on by piranha games and it's supposed to be released in 2024 um basically it was teased
you know i'll i'll just say that it's not mech warrior online too and it's not a successor to
mech warrior online and it's not an online pvp game think of it more like in line with
mech warrior 5 but a standalone game a standalone product cool i like mech warrior so we need to see
yeah i know dartistry is a big fan too so i'm sure some people will uh be very happy about that so
yeah all right and uh lots of people very happy this week with the results of awesome games done
quick of course awesome games done quick doing awesome things and they raised 2.6 million dollars
when all was said and done for the prevent cancer foundation uh not a bad chunk of change whatsoever
folks do feel the need to point out though it is less than the 3.4 million agt agdq 2022 picked up
i kind of go there's a couple ways you can kind of address it number one i sort of think you
can't keep breaking the ceiling every time number two the economy is in a different place number
three the and this is this isn't a secret it's not exactly like advertised greatly but it's not
a secret and bobby got into it more on his show tonight because as i'm sure you all know bobby
blackwolf uh here at voice geeks network has done some of the announcing for games done quick
including this most recent one he goes way more in depth on his show so i'll leave it for that but
usually they would take the bits and the subs they'd kind of dump it all into the pot towards
the end of the run and do that this time because remember they they canceled the florida in person
one because of a multi-tooled reason some of it being their complete lack of covid precautions
and like the fact you could not in florida you cannot tell people you must be vaccinated to be
here or the event could get sued because we all know florida is run by a interesting individual
and i'll leave that at that also uh quite frankly there's a lot of lgbtq individuals that are
involved with awesome games done quick not just speedrunners themselves but people affiliated
with the organization and there were people that were like if it's in florida i'm not going
because i don't feel safe there um so for a multitude of reasons games done quick had to
basically pull out of florida so the bits and the subs had to go to the cancellation fees because
that's a contract they couldn't get out of unfortunately even though it is charity and
the money so awesome game so if you're like upset hearing that because you gave bits or subs or
whatever don't be mad at awesome games done quick be mad at florida for keeping them on the hook for
that so anyway i'll leave the rest to bobby blackwolf on his show let's go back and focus
on the good uh 2.6 million is still a hell of a lot of money that's going to do a lot of good over
at the prevent cancer foundation uh and apparently there was one person that donated 100 000 that's
a very uh large donation i wonder who the mystery person is uh also a new world record was set in
super mario galaxy 2 which is pretty cool uh the event of course was all online and the summer
games done quick event has been announced for may 28th little earlier than usual uh perhaps because
they've found an in-person location to do it perhaps but we don't know no confirmation yet if
it is in person or if it will be virtual once again i have a feeling it'll be in person because
i'll tell you again if you go back to bobby's show because he went to summer games done quick last
year i'll tell you that was the most covid precautions i've seen at any convention and if
they even do a fraction of that for this next year it'll be fine uh and that that event the summer
one was never historically in florida it was in minnesota historically assuming they go back there
any of those covid guidelines should not be a problem so we'll see what happens all right yeah
tiger class says summer games is usually is quite early it's usually around june yeah it's pretty
close to my birthday usually so it's pretty pretty early that they're doing this so um but you know
hey anytime is a good time to raise money for doctors without borders which is what the summer
event goes to so we will keep an eye out and uh best of luck to any of you that are submitting
your own speed runs or auditioning to be a host like bobby blackwolf who has to audition every
time because no one gets grandfathered into that which i also think is pretty cool that like they
don't just have a click that's impenetrable like they make people practice every time basically to
get in so all right um that's it for our slotted stories tonight so i want to go to our list of
roundtable unfortunately i don't think we have any emails tonight i'll confer with dark soccer
though no uh so purchase participate at orange longtrader.com is the place to send an email if
you would like to so um by the way ssj100 matt wants to point out speaking of convention
protection magfest's early numbers came in and as of thursday they've had 76 positive cases
but that's out of 20 000 people so pretty good pretty good compared to the rest of the world
so yeah what do you know masks work all right yeah yeah all right um
so let me check with uh loki and see if there's any last minute stories
um there's a few rumors i guess rumors and speculation if you will so there was
a rumor that there's a detachable disk drive coming to the playstation 5
i don't know why you would do that but um is that for the all digital one to convert that yes but
why like why would you do that i don't know i don't know i don't think there would be a demand
for that but i mean it's apparently they're saying that there's test kits in players or
people's hands and it works flawlessly okay yeah it's gotta be def says the same thing in chat for
the digital version probably it's gotta be but i didn't maybe with the supply issues a lot of
people settled for digital that didn't really want to i i don't know i don't know it's hard is there
a thing like because like i remember um their drives don't play like certain types of discs
maybe like to support playstation 2 disks or something like that i don't know but like it
yeah i don't know i don't see a point for it yeah the disk if the disk drives let you play all the
old playstation games hell yeah now you're talking but i just don't see that yeah you know it'd be
cool it's like a disk drive it has a disk drive and it has like the old playstation memory card
slots too and that would be pretty sweet but yeah i don't see that fifth dream says all playstation
rumor i hear all playstation 5 soon will be one skew and this drive is to add to that oh
is that i i would not like that oh no they're gonna sell it separately back back
well i mean to be fair to be fair like digital game sales though it's been really high compared
to physical game sales um so i mean i get it i get it but you also you i may not get a playstation
5 if i can't find one with a disk drive i'm not buying one like i have all these playstation 4
games i would like to be able to play on the 5 as well i have my library you'll be able to get one
for like you'll be able to get one i'm sure that they'll have them out there but yeah i could see
them doing like a revision maybe they'll do like an even slimmer model or something like that and
there's only the all digital version for that or something because they can't make it a slimmer
with the disk drive jutting out there i mean as it is with the disk drive in there it looks
looks kind of ugly i don't know all right well it looks like we do have at least one caller that
would like to call in tonight so let's bring them on the air and this is someone we hear from quite
often but it's always a pleasure to hear from them so hello you are on orange launch radio who's this
it's one and only ronma how is everybody doing tonight i am doing fantastic rama how are you
it's so good to hear from you i'm good i'm going to click this button so i can kind of jump into
the chat because i think the last time i clicked a button i got kicked out of the stream so i'm
just like let's not make the same mistake like last time okay all right let's so you know what
it does the same thing mine does but let's let's just bring them right on back i don't it must be
a discord thing my discord does the same thing rama for what it's worth um here we go let's see
there we go perfect i'm here one way or another uh let's get the camera on good i just got some
new equipment i'm just like i'm not trying to have another encore presentation what is up my friend
it's good to see you it's good to see you too uh first things first oh it seems like whenever i
call in i somehow bring olr back to the old school back to its roots okay no problem with that we
love a good ddr story or whatever it is and i need to let touch up my roots i'm sorry the red looks
lovely though i have to say thank you you're welcome so i have mentioned on the show previously
i have a friend named matt who has a ddr third mix machine in his house and he's giving it to me
wow what no this matt this matt has a dr extreme in his house what are you talking about okay so
we have um west coast matt and east coast matt i know like i know like 20 people named matt
that's why they all have nicknames that's why this one's low-key so exactly yeah so
we have a group chat going and look at east coast matt's like i want to have a party we're talking
ddr bimani come over let's have a ddr party so he throws together a ddr party i go in my closet
i grab some sweats i grab a shirt so i'm like yeah i'm going to be hurting the next day so
we all go to his house and i see the machine being updated now normally it's a third mix machine with
a computer running stepmania okay it seems this time one of the people that we hang out with
brought a copy of the latest release of ddr was it the omni mix or was it yes uh-huh
uh-huh i've seen this too but i can't say where exactly so an hour later after setting it up
here we are all playing omni mix and we're going through every single release of ddr
and we're just even doing like an infinite event mode loop it's like we're doing three songs that
we jump off and three more two more people jump up it was just nuts and i'm like i am going to
be hurting in the morning i have not played this much ddr and god knows how long the first time i
saw that i spent so much time just going through the song list and listening to all the little
clips bringing back memory all the xbox games it was all the xbox games because um the individual
that i was looking at this with was not as familiar with the xbox games so we were yeah
looking at that so uh by the way there's a 2d x omni mix too if you didn't know
you shouldn't tell me things like that i'm just saying because there's a
beatmania controller in my closet for the ps2 it's pretty hot it's pretty sexy yeah
hey obviously i cannot tell you where or why or how or even i might there's hypothetically
there's a 2d x omnium would i say that i say hypothetically there's one i uh rob you're drooling
and that's why i post it in the vog discord that picture you know i'm just like y'all gotta see
this so so between ddr and the copious amount of adult beverages good time was had all around
and i'm just like good lord i feel like i i feel like i'm i'm at a con somewhere we're just
sitting around having a good time jumping up on the machine just finding three songs to play and
just going for broke brown chan yes you just made my brain do the weirdest crossover ever
oh yeah picture it sicily 1912 a young girl finds her first ddr machine at a casino
um one did orange right is in chat it reminded me of something important too is that hypothetically
if ddr and beatmania 2d x had omni mixes there's probably one for pop and music as well and it's
probably installable on a machine hypothetically so the difference is with this is that
we were actually running omni mix on a regular pc and since it took us it took some time to get it
up and running the way it should be we're all pitching together to upgrade the ddr machine
something a little more potent well good times that that sounds like a lot of fun so it was
because i'm just sitting there going through all of this and and i'm just like i remembered
any this song i remember this is the very first song i did on hard mode and then i find out that
there is an underground emus network i i definitely have never heard about that before no i definitely
not absolutely what you're talking about that you get in trouble you get in trouble for that konami
will sue would never do anything in lee perish the thought sounds like we kind of went along
the lines of fight club what's the first rule of fight club it's the very the very same first thing
i was told about it yeah see last night was just a lot of fun and i just needed to share this with
y'all because no it's it was it was just fun and i'm just like oh i'm going to be hurting in the
morning but oddly enough i guess between the adult beverages and so forth i felt pretty good
when i got up slept in but i felt pretty good pretty damn good when i got up well that's that's
a lot of fun so um i i i would normally say something like um gosh i wish i could have been
there to play that too because i bet playing that machine would be a lot of fun um but instead i'm
in this place where i'm like i'm glad you got to play it it's a lot of fun well rob i tell you what
the next time you come out this way i already came we're going to bring you to the machine
well the next time you come out this way i'm gonna introduce you to a friend of mine oh my
and it's kind of interesting you said that because with universal studios opening up
super nintendo world i'm like the four of us need to go honestly truth there's some they've
been doing soft openings and of course it's all over tik somehow that got into my tik tok
algorithm so i see all of these people going to super nintendo world in my tik tok but it looks
it looks really cool it looks like you could spend like you could spend disney level dollars there
but it does look really cool and we need mario hats i need one of those fucking wristbands i
want a princess peach wristband are you fucking kidding me and i know you want a luigi one so
it's not if not luigi daisy oh they have daisy ones i don't know but i'm just saying you know
oh bobby also reminds me the tron ride opens in orlando on april 4th
i'm not thrilled about the prospect of going to florida but for tron i always say i'll do almost
anything so that um i'm actually potentially looking at maybe extending a trip out there so
i can do disney but a lot of it depends on money and things i don't want to talk about on air just
because they have to do with money so assuming i have money i would love to make something like
that happen keep in mind alan is coming with me to dragon con this year which is pretty exciting
so oh he's going to begin for he's going to get lost in the sauce yeah yeah uh finara also says
orlando is a bit better than most places in florida oh for sure it's you know it's it's um
an island of decency and an ocean of piss sorry to our florida listeners
or if you're from new york you you know why you have that reputation each and everybody that
lives there know why you have that reputation so i'm sorry but also you understand also but rob
it's also said if you're from new york basically it's like the southern half of florida is just
a new york wannabe because of all the people moving down there like the upper half
bottom half you know i'm walking here come on
sorry sj100 matt said something in chat and i had an i forgot moment until he said that
in chat and i was like i i absolutely will matt thank you for reminding me that that's
a thing anyway um what else was i gonna say i don't know i was gonna thank my friend rama
for calling into the show uh anything else you want to uh tell us about uh i went out
earlier and bought about 12 cans of imported sparkling water what for well we talked about
this on on anime jam session a while back it seems that there's a taiwanese company that
put out like themed canned sparkling water cans you can get uh king of fighters street fighter
dragon ball z and of course uh sailor moon so i kind of went i had to get ones and i
kind of had to get one of each senshi so where can i get that for alan uh super rob
man and ranch they don't have any of the sailor moon ones though and they don't have the outer
senshi i wonder if i could go to a different market i'm gonna find that because i'm gonna
find that for my husband i did find them online for the record okay and if you and i do a joint
order we can get some free shipping what about that place over on florin that's not 99 ranch
but the other brand i haven't i don't go there and i haven't seen them at um actually they may
have them at oto's but oto's always charges more i'll pay for for alan i'd pay it but they're not
they're not that expensive like like two bucks a can uh 99 i paid two bucks a can that's not that
bad i still have like a couple of them in my fridge that he could have because i don't like
sparkling water okay well i just for the novelty of it they'll just sit on this shelf they'll never
get drunk all right but they're really tasty though just basically it tastes like a can and
a piece of fruit that sat next to the can you know what sparkling water is for mixing with alcohol
all right it's it's not even for watering my plants i mean you can't beat that kind of logic
just saying all right rom i'm gonna let you go so we wrap up the show but any of the thoughts
for us tonight that's it i i just love to just bring to the camaraderie and all the fun stuff
you know no i i appreciate it we always love a walk down memory lane and talking about things
that um i didn't talk about that's why i'm wearing my fanime shirt uh anime jam session
tuesday nights over at where i drifted onto treasure island uh in way in my lancer uh over
at anime jam session here on twitch watch it or i don't even know you all right
oh my god all right take care all right y'all take care now all right i told ron was like do
you want to go to treasure island he's like sure oh shit she's insane i miss fan of me i haven't
been in a long time it's always a good time yeah they just got to all of those cons got i mean the
biggest thing i'll do now is twitch con i mean and maybe dragon con if i can swing it but dragon
con's just different than anything else it's just such a good vibe i can't wait to go again
i'm still i'm still hoping i get confirmed as a attending pro i i'm applied a little under two
weeks now so i'm hoping to hear back soon but we'll see take their time all right um that is
going to do it for another episode of orange launch radio um thank you so much for listening
to our show thank you for participating along with it i really appreciate it uh if you enjoyed
what you heard here tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word because we are
the show where every gamer has a voice but we want more voices here to add to the chat and hello
thanks again to all we have a lot of newer chatters tonight and you know we're getting
some newer names in this last year so thank you all for being here i appreciate seeing you thank
you for being a part of the show uh we're gonna go around to get everybody's final thoughts um
oh of course you can tell a friend or a nice five star review on a site like spotify itunes wherever
it is you found this show leave us a nice five stars and uh help us out uh because that goes an
awful long way really appreciate it okay let's go get final thoughts dark sakura i know you're
probably going to start your um post stream so we'll start with you off doing some swifting if
anyone wants to play with you're invited and then maybe i'll end with killer we'll see if i can get
my controller to work i just might take you up on that um it'll be fun because i don't work a little
bit yeah i don't work tomorrow oh well guess what neither do i yeah all right hey hey hey hey rob
what let's have lunch tomorrow uh text me i can probably do that i don't really have anything
going on so okay all right later taters bye all right loki it's over to you your final thought
for tonight same old same old just gonna be working more on content stuff because what more
can i do you'll have your viral moment let's see why i'll release that time it'll be five years
yeah yeah five years that viral no i hopefully it'll come sooner than that all right uh my final
thought is um i hope everyone in the states has a good holiday tomorrow remember it is uh dr martin
luther king uh junior day so you know it's a a lot of people do an act of service or volunteerism
for that day so you know it's a good chance to ask yourself what are you doing uh to help make
the world a better place um that is about all i'm gonna say about that for now i'm gonna wish
everybody a wonderful week uh thank you all for being here tonight and i hope you have a wonderful
wonderful rest of your uh week we'll see you again in seven days good night everybody and guess what
the holidays are still continuing here at olr because i forgot to replace the ending so
let's cue it up one more time the holiday ending you've been listening to orange lounge radio
orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for our live show
tune into vog network.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge
radio nor vog network but you know they were all still true see you next week
