Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week Bungie gets caught with its hand in the cookie jar by displaying one set of experience points earned but granting another.
They reportedly disabled this behavior but imply it could be back to changes.
There's plenty more news and it all starts right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight.
November the 26th of 2017 with episode number 708 of our show.
Joining you live over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
Myself, Rob Roberts, also known as Skie on Twitter with my co-hosts say hello over there to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Why do they always want the fish that I don't have?
Who may or may not be addicted to a certain cell phone game we're going to talk about later.
Don't you judge me.
How was your fundraiser last week? We missed you.
It went really well. We managed to donate a little over $300 to the Sacramento AIDS Foundation.
That's great.
And played bingo and gave away lots of fabulous prizes.
There you go. Fabulous prizes? Shoot, I should have canceled on the show too.
It was for a good cause and a lot of people can benefit from the work that we did.
I totally said last week if she's going to miss a show, raising money for charity is a pretty good excuse.
So there you go.
And it is that season and I hope everybody here in the States, if you are listening to us here, I hope you had a great Thanksgiving.
And I know this goes down cheesy, but we are really thankful that you guys, some of you tune in live on Sunday nights at vognetwork.com
and participate in our chat room, which I'll plug more thoroughly in a minute here.
Some of you participate with our podcast stuff.
Some of you have been doing this stuff for years and I have no idea that you're out there
because we never hear from you on Twitter or email or any of that stuff.
We want to hear from you.
Well, yeah, we would love to, but at the same time-
Come forward, stalkers.
I respect the internet anxiety of not wanting to say hello because I've been there too.
So no worries.
But I do want to say thank you for supporting the show because this show did not run for 15 years on, you know, nothing.
It ran on kitty kisses and sheet cakes.
That feedback is very important.
Yes, kitty kisses, now that we have over there, officially his name is, because many of you have been asking since last week's show,
Mr. Smoosh is our new kitty's name.
So, and by the way, in true 2017, what do you call it? I'm not millennial. I'm not Gen X.
It's Shellennial. What is the new one?
No, it's Zennial.
Zennial, okay.
With an X.
In true Zennial fashion, I have set up an Instagram account for Mr. Smoosh, which you can follow.
And it is at Mr. Smoosh.
I haven't even done that for Midna yet, although she has a Tumblr.
You have to spell it out, M-I-S-T-E-R, Smoosh.
I have one for Midna, a Tumblr.
Do you know one of the first people that followed Mr. Smoosh on Instagram?
Hm.
TR's dogs.
Hobbit dogs?
Yeah, the Hobbit dogs.
Alright.
Anyway, I have to say hello over there, of course, to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki, how are you?
I'm doing okay.
Have you set up Instagram accounts for your cats?
No, because Facebook wants me to set up an Instagram account for myself, and I'm like, fuck off, I don't want to do this.
And then, like, I get friend requests on Instagram, and it's like, oh, you got some friends that want to follow you on Instagram?
I don't have a fucking Instagram account, stop trying to tell me I do.
Like, I purposely shut this off, and you put it back on.
We made one for you out of convenience, don't you want to Instagram?
Don't you want to follow Mr. Smoosh on Instagram, you heartless beast?
I'm sure it'll do it anyways, whether I want to or not.
I know, I'm just waiting to see the whole, don't you want Mr. Smoosh to get a Facebook?
It's like, Mr. Smoosh is a cat. They're not allowed to have Facebooks. Anyway.
About time I got a horse mackerel.
Todd, you and this Animal Crossing thing.
Alright, we're definitely going to talk about the Animal Crossing mobile game.
I do want to get into our kickoff topic, which will be about that, actually.
But first, I do want to acknowledge our chat room over at live.voggenetwork.com, because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network.
voggenetwork.com, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
My cat had a live journal.
Did your cat? That's right, your cat did have a live journal.
It still technically does, because I don't think I ever did anything with it.
Well now it's owned by the Russians.
Yes.
But that's, you know. Alright, looking in chat, let's see, Tiger Claw in chat says,
So I heard you went to PetSmart, did they have any Black Friday deals, say on kitty litter and such?
Actually, no. Here's the thing, we went to PetSmart because we just, you know, we've only had Mr. Smoosh for a week.
So there's still some supplies, and I notice Alan really spoils this cat.
I mean, we spoiled Sanrio and Maruko when they were here too, but we really spoiled this cat.
And we, is he smooshing your hand? That's why we call him Mr. Smoosh, Starks, Ira.
Okay, it's not just the face, but the hand.
Anyway, so we went to PetSmart and we were trying to get, I don't even remember, oh yeah.
Oh, we had to get a, we had to get a litter box with big walls on it because Mr. Smoosh really likes to kick litter.
And it was all over the floor in the old litter box. We had to get a litter box with high walls.
And I was actually kind of looking around like, oh, I wonder what's on sale because it's Black Friday.
I don't think a single damn thing was on sale, but does a store like PetSmart need to have sales? Like.
I can give him Midna's taco costume.
You will starve before you let your pet starve. That's the way a lot of people, not everybody, but most people are like that.
Most pet owners I know would let themselves starve before they would let their pet starve.
And I would just, you know, they're going to, they're going to always buy the pet essentials.
What you will notice, Mr. Smoosh, we bought a purple sparkly bow tie.
So that would be the special that we bought. We bought him a purple sparkly bow tie.
And he actually let us put it on him and he kept it on. It's so adorable. Anyway.
Enough about cats. Let's talk about video games.
Actually, something a little more important than both those things, actually.
I wanted to address this at the top of the show.
And since I know you all are tech savvy enough to subscribe to podcasts and you probably use social media one form or another,
I'm sure you've all heard about this by now, but I do want to stress this whole net neutrality thing. Okay?
So if you haven't heard, well, and to be fair, we have listeners that live in other countries.
So maybe they haven't heard.
So they're trying to backtrack on what's called net neutrality laws here in the States.
And I'm going to really like grossly oversimplify things.
But basically we had a law that was signed into effect a few years ago that basically says
internet providers cannot discriminate and treat some traffic different than others.
A great example before this law was in, AT&T would not let you use FaceTime on the iPhone
unless you paid for like a more souped up type of plan because my assumption is that AT&T saw this as competition.
Well, what ended up happening is that all these other knockoff video chat apps really took off and people were using Skype and stuff.
And then net neutrality laws came into place and AT&T couldn't do that anymore because they couldn't charge more or less than one thing for another.
And so what's happening now is that our current administration, the current FCC chief has basically promised...
You mean Sir Shithead?
Well, I try not to get political on this show, but honestly this net neutrality thing is something that I see people on both sides
understand why we have net neutrality and why it would be bad that it went away.
So I kind of feel like this is kind of okay.
As a person who lives on the internet, I think this is pretty clear cut and dry.
From one element, I understand in a way what Comcast, at least what they're trying to say is the reason for this.
Comcast is trying to say what they're trying to stop happening is basically illegal traffic.
They want to be able to stop BitTorrent.
To be fair, I get that. I'm not going to defend piracy of Game of Thrones and shit like that.
That part of it I'm not going to defend.
BitTorrent isn't illegal traffic. BitTorrent is a client.
Bingo. Bingo. And here's where we get into...
Let's just block all web browsers.
And that's where I get into, I don't know if I trust Comcast.
I don't know if I trust anyone to do this right.
Because what is going to be the algorithm that shows if something is illegal or not?
And let me tell you, having this podcast that we do here at Orange Lounge Radio
and having the Voice Geeks Network, vognetwork.com,
we've been doing this show for over 15 years and nobody takes us seriously still.
Which, you know, it's fine. Whatever. We're hobbyists.
I gave up on the prospect of getting famous from this a long time ago and that's fine.
We have a small family here that we love and adore and that's awesome.
But the reason why I say that is that let's say that internet radio is deemed a form of piracy.
Well, who's to say that they're not going to suddenly block VOG Network or something like that?
And what if there's these broad strokes?
Oh, there's this giant download of an MP3.
It must be the new Taylor Swift album and these things start getting blocked.
And you might think I'm being a little bit crazy here,
but I think the precedent is there with what happens on YouTube and their automated algorithms
is you see shit that shouldn't be getting blocked all of the time.
And I understand that YouTube...
Well, just this week, whole channels were deleted.
Yeah.
For sure. For sure.
Konan's channel was deleted.
I want to say there were some other big YouTubers.
There's a ton of channels just like, boop, gone.
So anyhow, the long story short, if this whole net neutrality repeal happens,
it's not going to be pretty.
I do think some of the graphics you see out there on the internet
where ISPs would charge $5 for Facebook and $5 for gaming and all that stuff,
I don't know, I'm a little bit apprehensive as to if that would really happen to that degree.
But, hold on before you get out your pitchforks,
but this whole thing with the loot boxes we've been talking about ad nauseum on the show for the past couple weeks
has just gone to show that companies in it for profit,
be it video game companies or cable companies,
they'll dip their big toe in the water trying to nickel and dime you.
And if that works, they'll put their foot in the water trying to nickel and dime you,
and then they'll put their leg in, and then they'll put the whole waste...
You know what I'm getting at here?
We might go back to this whole AT&T just kind of does the FaceTime thing first,
and then kind of see what happens there.
Or, oh, we're only going to block Bittorrent.
But that means that independent games that are free, that are distributed via Bittorrent,
are also going to get impacted.
And then where is that going to lead to?
It's going to lead to another file transfer service that someone's going to make.
I mean, it's just like how they want to basically say,
listen, we want to write to be able to throttle stuff,
but don't worry, we're not going to throttle anything. Trust us.
If you don't want to throttle anybody,
then why are you fighting and paying so much money to politicians to throttle stuff?
History has shown us that in terms of money-making facilities for profit companies,
they will murder to get their bottom line.
I mean, you want to look just even as far back as 100 years ago.
You know, look at the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire.
Look at the molasses flood.
I mean, we've got history on our side that shows that companies will pretty reasonably,
once you give them an inch, they will take a mile.
And Bobby Blackwolf in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
The only reason it can happen here is because we don't exactly have regional competition for ISPs,
so the free market can't work it out. Exactly.
Comcast is the only option here.
I had a guy come to the door, just not even within the past week, going,
Oh, hey, we're trying to be a competitor to Comcast in this area,
and we wanted to know if you'd be interested in switching.
We got some great deals.
And I was like, I was actually into it for some like,
Oh, great, Comcast has a competitor.
Well, tell me about your internet packages.
And he's like, Oh, well, actually, we only compete with them with television.
We don't have a high speed internet service yet.
And I'm like, God damn it, that's the one thing I was willing to let.
I don't give a shit about TV anymore.
It's like Comcast or AT&T, and it's like AT&T are high speed six megabits.
But I would be, you know what?
I would be willing to go to high speed six megabits, which means backwards, a big step,
to have open internet.
But it won't be.
I know it won't. I know it won't.
And again, to fully kind of go with what I'm going with here with what Bobby said,
you know, he's right.
In most areas, Comcast is your only option, or whatever the provider is in your area,
is the only option.
And here's my thing.
Does Comcast believe enough in this that it's willing to split itself up
so that we can have competition so that the free market can regulate itself?
Because I bet the answer to that is no.
No, they already have agreed.
Trying to get bigger.
Yeah, they're letting them get bigger with different things.
I mean, they've taken back a lot of different regulations that were in place to stop these monopolies.
It's all, he's basically, as they would put it, the FCC is a compromise agency, basically.
So it's under control now by these big companies.
So obviously, anything that they're doing, he's getting a big payout at the end somehow.
So anyway, and what does this have to do with games?
Because I'll tell you what.
If there was ever something that is a premium Xbox Live, PlayStation Network, Nintendo Network,
those are going to be the first things up for an additional fee.
Those would be the first things as a gamer.
What does this mean to you if you're not in the U.S.?
Well, you know what?
A lot of the content you guys consume, including this particular show, a lot of it comes from the U.S.
So absolutely, this could have a trickle effect on what happens in other countries as well.
So anyhow, I know...
Communications needs to be, I mean, maybe not with the current administration,
but I strongly feel that there needs to be, that instead of privatizing it, it needs to be...
Crap, what's the word I was thinking of?
Brought under, I would probably say even just government agency.
Well, that's I think what they're doing now.
They're trying to bring it under the FTC, but I don't think that they have enough manpower to be able to regulate all that.
Well, honestly enough, I believe that our country itself is too big to govern properly, but that's a whole other...
A whole other Oprah.
Anyway, which by the way, did you know Oprah had a podcast?
I didn't learn that until this week and I was like...
Must not have been very good.
Actually, she had an interview with Joe Biden that was really good.
You know what? We've been doing this longer than Oprah, okay?
That is true. We have been podcasting longer than Oprah, but I did...
I'm not going to lie to you. I did have that moment of, well, if Oprah is podcasting now, should I just quit?
I'm not going to lie to you. I'm like, if Oprah is here, I mean, that's it.
Anyway, okay, so all these jokes aside and things, it is a serious thing.
Again, I think most of you that are tech savvy enough to listen to podcasts probably already have some awareness that this is going on.
But I would urge you to take a look at battleforthenet.com for some more information,
including some actual protests that are going to be happening.
I believe December 7th is the date and they're going to protest actually at some Verizon stores.
And I think that is something that's definitely going to get a lot of attention, a lot of coverage.
But you can't just sit there and do nothing. You have to pick up the phone and make some noise.
Form letters aren't going to do a lot. The FCC literally came out and said,
we disregarded all the comments because they were all form letters. They said that.
But they didn't even...
I know, I know, but it's out there. So don't rely on form letters.
Call.
You have to pick up the phone, call. You have to go out, be seen, be heard. Don't rely on armchair politics.
Honestly, even if they weren't form letters and they're not, I mean, they're just making excuses.
They're by law, they have to do that, but they're just like, fuck it, we don't care.
So participate in your government and don't let them do this.
And if they do do it, you know, that has to be a reality that we have to face too.
If this does go through, you have to hold corporations liable, which to tie this back to gaming,
we're seeing happen a lot now with the loot boxes.
Again, I don't want to repeat that whole shindig from last week too much,
but I think what we've really seen happen is that, you know, EA got hit hard over this Battlefront thing.
And that's kind of why they scaled back.
And we have some stories coming up on tonight's show where other companies are now starting to,
oh shit, we better dial this back before we're the next Twitter target.
I only think it's necessary before the next Twitter target is that they see,
oh shit, countries are starting to look at this as like,
we better investigate this formally to see if this is gambling and whether we're going to classify it as gambling.
And they're seeing that their whole source of revenue is going to be just yanked from undering them.
And if there's one thing we've seen in this gaming industry,
any time the government threatens to regulate it, they go, oh shit, and regulate itself.
Hence why we have an ESRB in the first place.
So anyway, we'll come back to that point in a minute.
But first, on a not so serious topic, let's change to something that is happy news.
I think for everybody. And that is, you know, we've had some game releases these past couple of weeks.
A lot of the big end of the year titles are starting to come out.
But one of them that I know many of you have been looking forward to, you Nintendo nerds,
I'm looking at you, is Animal Crossing for mobile devices.
Animal Crossing, I forget the subtitle all of a sudden, Pocket Camper.
Is that the name of it? Animal Crossing Pocket Camper.
Some Pocket Camp.
Pocket Camp finally came out on mobile devices this week.
Jamie, you've been playing a lot of this.
In fact, I see you tapping your phone.
You're probably playing it right now.
So what are your thoughts on Animal Crossing?
It's cute. I really like it.
You know, I don't think it could have been much better done than this.
I mean, given the limitations.
So, yeah, I really like it.
This lamp is in the wrong place.
I mean, seriously, I've been playing it like I played, you know, old school Animal Crossing.
So it can't be, you know, too bad.
I've been really happy with it. So.
I think it's OK.
Well, I didn't ask.
I'm a gamer and I'm going to share my opinion anyway.
Here's the thing.
Well, the price is right. It's free.
So you can't go wrong with free.
I would not buy leave tickets, but that's a personal decision.
That's fine. That's a personal decision.
I have spent money on Pokemon Go and people have judged me for that.
So that's plenty fine. You spend money on what you like.
But I would not spend money on this yourself, at least.
Well, that's what I say today. Who knows what patches might come into the game at a later date.
Right. So I like it in the fact that it looks really nice.
I know that sounds really silly, but like on you know, I have the new iPhone 10 and has that newer screen.
And I'm like, wow, the textures on this like they're really like HD and it really kind of pops like, you know, for old school cartoony style, it really does pop.
So like graphically, it's good.
And I like the way that some of the things translate into the touchscreens, like the fishing and the bug catching is so much easier. Right.
But I kind of don't like how it feels like it's scenes from an Animal Crossing game.
Like it's like you could go see Les Miserables on Broadway.
That's playing a real Animal Crossing game.
Or you could listen to the soundtrack that just has like I Dreamed a Dream and the nine other big songs, but kind of skips the rest of it.
And you can kind of skip around and listen to your favorite songs.
You can have that. And that's kind of what Animal Crossing Pocket Camp is to me.
It's like you have these like greatest scenes, but they kind of string together in a really weird way.
Like I, I like the questing system, but I don't really care for how repetitive it feels.
Like I feel there is nothing to do for these little fuckers.
Then get fruit, catch fish, catch bugs, which to be fair was kind of all that the regular Animal Crossing game was as well.
But I do feel like at least there was more variety in where you could find items, how you procured things.
You could kind of make your custom clothes. There just seemed like there was more that you could do.
Is there like more like can you do the custom stuff in this?
No, at least not that I've seen yet. I haven't seen the mailbox or any of that stuff yet.
So like I said, it's greatest hits. Some of the stuff is kind of cut, but then you have some other stuff that's kind of like interesting.
See, that's the problem that I have. I've always had Animal Crossing.
It's like you take the first one, which is just like this amazing thing.
Right.
They had like the NES games and all that cool stuff in there and all the custom stuff.
And then each iteration that came out afterwards, it's like we're removing more things from it.
And then we're getting down to this, which this is free.
So I guess I can't complain.
Yeah, you're in this weird place where it's like, but it's free. And that's kind of what I come back to as well.
It's like, well, well, but it's free. So it's not a horrible thing.
But here's my thing. Here's my number one thing. Let me just get this out.
My number one thing is, and you know, for the people that love this game, I think even you could agree with me on this.
I would not want this to replace Animal Crossing on consoles.
And I have a fear it might.
Like everybody's like, when are they going to announce Animal Crossing for the Switch?
When are they going to announce Animal Crossing for the Switch?
The Pikmin games are going to put out first.
Here's my thing, guys. Has Nintendo said they're going to make Animal Crossing for the Switch?
I don't believe they have. And if they keep selling leaf tickets on this thing, do they have motivation to make one?
Are people buying leaf tickets on this thing? I mean, Jamie did.
I know other people. I'm not just going to pick on her. I know plenty of people who have.
Some of my other mobile gaming buddies have fessed up to doing it too.
So, you know.
I did get into the quarry and I did it to buy more storage space.
And it does, I will admit, I have been enticed because you can craft more than one thing at one time.
If you spend those tickets.
I have the three crafting things too.
So there are things to do. But again, I can't sit here and be like, oh, Jamie, you're so dumb for buying leaf tickets.
And then I sit here and spend money to get a hundred Pokeballs and Pokemon Go.
Like I just, I can't, I don't have the fucking conscience to do that. I can't do it.
So like she buys the things she likes. I buy the things I like.
Right. And I'm not saying it's terrible. I'm just, you know, it's fine. This is a free mobile game.
So you're just wondering if that's really the position Nintendo is going to be in.
People really are, because the people are spending a ton of money on this.
But then, yeah, I could see that this would be more profitable for them because they're making money constantly.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I am sad that Super Mario Run canceled all Mario console games.
Well, I actually, you say that tongue in cheek, but my understanding is Nintendo believes that game to have underperformed.
So it wouldn't cancel Mario games anyway.
And at the same time, Mario's in this weird universe where like multiple Mario games exist simultaneously on the same console.
What I mean by that is you had Mario 3D World and Mario Maker, both like full fleshed games on the Wii U.
And Super Mario Run is a unique niche. It's a weird, the whole like nonstop running thing.
It's a weird niche and one I didn't particularly care for ultimately.
But I think Nintendo like really purposefully wanted to not make a new Super Mario Brothers Wii type of Mario game or new Super Mario Brothers 3DS, whatever.
They didn't want to make that game on mobiles. They wanted, they actually did something to make this very different.
But Animal Crossing, it doesn't feel that different. It just feels skipped around. Like I said, like a greatest hits album.
That's the only thing. I think greatest hits albums are good. I like to listen to Abba Gold.
Unless they edit them like that Samantha Fox album.
I like to listen to Abba Gold sometimes. But you know, sometimes I need that deep cut. Sometimes I need to hear Happy New Year.
Okay, and that was non-Abba Gold. So sometimes you have to get the deep cuts. Anyway.
SSG100Matt points out, there is a KK Slider doing I Dreamed a Dream. Of course there is. Of course there is.
And then Act F points out, I know Pokemon won't be released ever again. Only Pokemon Go.
Act F says Nintendo is doing this to promote their games. It's not to replace the original.
Well I hope you're right because I do think the Switch would be a great platform for Animal Crossing.
But I don't want it to be the same Animal Crossing rehashed again. I do hope they really try to.
I mean if this Animal Crossing Pocket Camper is kind of like the love letter to the old school Animal Crossing games.
Then great. Fine. It's a greatest hits album. It's a nice little send off.
But I would really like to see Animal Crossing on the Switch kind of bring some new features.
And I'm not talking about like a mall. Like I would like to see them do more with the online.
I would love to see the arcade games come back. I know it's never going to be the NES games.
But it's not like Nintendo doesn't know how to make mini games. You know, they could make unique to Animal Crossing games.
I would like to see more of the exploration stuff. Like how you used to be able to go to the island.
I think it would be really cool if there were other ways you could visit other types of atmospheres.
Maybe more traveling and maybe that could be the theme of the next Animal Crossing game is that you travel around the world or something.
And maybe something where there's like different cultures and different towns and things like that.
But the tongue in cheek thing is that the cultures wouldn't necessarily have to reflect the cultures IRL.
You could go to like the penguin land and you could go to where all those bitch sheep live and so forth.
Bitch sheep land. And you could you could all the sheep are bitches. You could bury all the.
Have you met Barbara? She's a bitch. You could bury Ed up to his neck.
And I don't know how the horned dynastids poke him.
They just need to send Barbara into the upside down to be eaten by a Demogorgon.
You know what? Why not put the upside down in Animal Crossing? Maybe something kind of neat could happen.
I would like a sick twist like that. Animal Crossing survival horror. I'm down.
Come on, dark soccer. See now the thing, the pitfalls. Now they have a purpose because they send you to the upside down to survival horror.
And remember the dream village and there was the murder mystery dream village like called Aika town.
No, I don't. Oh, oh, yeah. Remember? Yes. Yes. And you'd find like the broken dolls and like the weird story it would tell.
Yes. I still have a save for Aika village. It was pretty crazy.
As long as Barbara is the first to die. She's going to be she's going to be the new. I almost said a spoiler. I can't say it.
All right. Some people still haven't watched Stranger Things. Cat butt scrooches.
Anyway, Robert M in chat says, since the mobile game autosaves is Mr. Resetti involved.
Now, I don't believe he's in this mobile game at all.
So that's that's one of those B sides that got overlooked on the greatest hits album is Mr. Resetti.
But who knows? They might they might patch stuff in. Who knows? You know, again, I don't hate Animal Crossing.
It's free. I just I'm not motivated to spend money, but she is.
So maybe Nintendo is doing something right. And I'm sure it's more of you out there spending money on it, too.
So there you go. Animal Crossing. Oh, I want to check our discord as well, because I know I like to post little plugs in our discord.
And if you want to join our discord server, I highly recommend you do.
Just go to vognetwork.com slash discord and you can join the discord for the voice geeks network.
vognetwork.com. Again, that's vognetwork.com slash discord.
JD in chat says, I'm mostly enjoying Animal Crossing Pocket Camp.
It definitely has that freemium flavor, but I haven't felt pressured to buy anything.
I've kind of settled into a play 30 minutes every three hours routine.
That's from JD on Discord. Dartitsuya says, I only play a little bit of it.
I just have to figure out where to get the friend code stuff started.
Oh, and actually JD kind of answers this, too, but I'll answer it here.
You I mean, I see people posting their screen caps of friend codes everywhere, and that's great.
But just just link it to Facebook and Twitter if you have them.
And that's how I found everybody. Just go to Facebook on Twitter and then just add everybody that way.
So it does have those links in there. You don't even ever need the friend code.
And then I found people that I had no idea played these games that were playing it thanks to Facebook.
The one little thing I wish it would do is that it never tells you again who the person is after the first time you add them.
Like I'll be able to see like Jamie Summers on Facebook is here as Sakura.
You know, I'll be able to see that. But if I forget that she's Sakura, like I'll never remember that that was Jamie's character.
If it doesn't like because never tells you after you initially add them.
That's the one kind of bummer thing that I hope they hope they fix.
But I believe that was the case in Nami Tomo and all that stuff, too.
So JD points out if someone else adds you, it doesn't tell you who they are.
No, it doesn't, does it? No, it's only when you add them that you know who they are.
So there are there are some imperfections there.
But Nintendo online, I don't expect them to ever get that right.
JD says, I got a friend request from pumpkin.
And I don't know if it's someone I know or some rando who encountered me in their game.
It's not me. I know I'm a prime suspect with all things pumpkin, but it's not me.
I'll give you that. Anyhow.
All right. Let's move on. We got other gaming things we want to talk about tonight.
Let's first, though, get into our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
I played Dragon Age Inquisition. I played Mass Effect Andromeda for a little bit.
I cannot stop looking at this cat.
Mr. Smoosh is going to ruin this show.
Smooshles. Smooshles.
And I say that because we always get distracted by Mr. Smoosh.
Mr. Smoosh may be the biggest case yet for the show going to video,
because I always said, like, I don't know if it would be fun to put us on cam,
but we could put Mr. Smoosh on cam and then everybody would watch.
Yep. Cat cam.
Yeah.
We call it the smoosh cam.
But I've been playing some Itomo. I'm playing idle pouring.
I think I'm on my third rebirth now. Third or fourth. I don't know.
I don't even know what that means. I kind of stopped. Sorry.
After, like, you played it once.
I played it once a week.
Once.
Once across a week and then I was done.
Whatever.
And, of course, I'm playing Pokemon Go and Animal Crossing.
Click, click, click, click, click, click. Animal Crossing.
No Ed. Thank God. No Ed.
We got Super Mario Galaxy.
And so Dan's been mostly playing it. I have played some.
We broke out four player arms.
Wait, wait, wait. Mario Galaxy on the Wii?
Odyssey. Sorry.
Oh, Odyssey. It's hard to keep them all straight.
Whatever. It's Mario something or the other.
Yeah.
With the giant. Okay. So I have to bring this up.
You know how, like, your hat guy lives in hat town?
Mm hmm.
It made me remember the series that was on Pinwheel.
Do you remember Pinwheel?
Like that used to come out like 6 a.m. on Nickelodeon?
Right.
Hell yeah.
Pinwheel. Pinwheel. Spin me around.
And one of the little British shows that it showed in there was the Hat Village. Remember that?
Kind of.
When I went and looked it up, it was fucking called the, like, Hattytown Adventures.
And the main hat was a sombrero named Sancho.
This is like from 1979 or something.
My brain, like, kind of combined Pinwheel and Today's Special. I keep thinking they're the same show.
Today's Special was fun.
Wasn't Today's Special Canadian?
It was. It was a set in a department store.
Everything on Nickelodeon in the early 80s was Canadian.
And the lady was a mannequin.
Everything.
The lady was a mannequin. Remember?
Yes.
Anyway. And the puppet security guard.
Yes. I'm really going to be intimidated by a damn puppet with some fucking pasta mustache.
Whatever.
Well, anyway, but it's just that whole game gave me flashbacks to Hattytown Village.
Or Hattytown Avengers or whatever the fuck it was called.
So, especially the Bobby hat. That's what it made me think of.
Because the constable in the town was called Bobby and he was a constable hat.
Anyway.
There's like two listeners. Everybody else is way too fucking young to understand.
You children. I had younger siblings and I was forced to watch this shit.
Let us 40-somethings have our moment. Or nearly 40-somethings.
I got the cat's tail. He doesn't care.
And so.
Because you're helping him lick his ass.
There you go. There you go. Lick. Lick. Lick. Lick. Lick.
I do that to Midna too.
But we also broke out both of our Joy-Con sets and played ARMS 4 player.
Which was really kind of cool.
And that's kind of it.
Hattytown.
Alright.
Just say Hattytown three times fast.
Hattytown. Hattytown. Hattytown.
It's kind of funny.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Well I played League of Marvel Superheroes 2.
More of that because I'm just trying to unlock all the characters for my kids.
And.
Let's see what else.
I bought South Park but I haven't played it yet.
I really. Like I bought it on Playstation 4.
And since my wife hogs the TV I really should have tried it on.
I should have gotten it on PC.
In hindsight.
But you know I figured I had pre-ordered it originally on Playstation 4.
And I got the free copy of South Park The Stick of Truth.
So I was like I'll just do it again on there.
But I tried to do the whole.
Like I haven't.
I was doing the Playstation streaming on my old laptop.
Which is pretty old.
And my new laptop I'm like well shit this should do it way better.
Oh my fucking god.
Their app is a piece of shit.
Like first off apparently there's this issue where there's.
Okay so you start off you load in everything.
You sign up your account or whatever.
So I did all that.
And so I had to factor out the first before the two factor authentication.
They want me to do a reCAPTCHA.
And it's like okay click on all the pictures that are a car.
And keep clicking on them until there are no more cars.
I will tell you this much.
I was clicking on that fucking picture for 30 fucking minutes.
Because every time the last square had a car picture in it.
I click on it and another fucking car picture did.
And it kept doing that over and fucking over again.
Until it finally let me in.
And then after all that then it wanted to do two factor authentication on my fucking phone.
And after all that then it didn't fucking work very well.
It's like laggy as shit.
So fuck you Sony your stuff sucks.
And apparently this is an issue that anybody that uses the PC app for PlayStation streaming or whatever.
It's been going on for over a year now.
That they haven't just fixed this shit.
It's just been fucking broken for a while now.
So.
I missed the CAPTCHA we had at VOG.
The whole like play a mini game.
That thing was awesome.
The company shut down.
We didn't want to get rid of it.
We didn't have a problem doing a CAPTCHA because most of the time it's like 5-10 seconds at the most.
It's just like click on the picture.
Okay done.
And this shit was just it was broken.
Like you could tell like there'd be stuff like and it was like it's all of them were cars or street signs or pictures of streets.
It's like okay well here's a picture of a street sign.
Is that still counted as a street?
Because I know it's a picture of a street.
But you're showing me just the street sign.
Is that line in the background?
Is that a street?
And so it was just all fucked up.
And finally I got it to work after 30 minutes wasting the whole night doing this shit.
And they come to find out it's laggy as fuck.
I'm just like my internet is fucking great.
My network is great.
My wife at the time because it took so long wasn't on Netflix.
So there is no reason with gigabit ethernet that I shouldn't be able to stream this shit.
Yet for some reason, nope.
Not gonna fucking happen.
I just don't know.
So that wasn't a thing.
So yeah I didn't get to really play a whole ton of stuff other than Lego Marvel Super Heroes 2.
I did end up playing more of the stupid cell phone games.
Ironically enough not any Animal Crossing because honestly I was bored of that game after 5 minutes.
Like I played it and I'm like okay this is what this game is gonna be.
I can't see myself doing this.
I can't see myself just going and gathering stuff to make furniture that I don't give a shit about.
I can't play this anymore.
And so that's kind of where that was.
But yet I'll play this stupid fucking office space clicker game that gets fucking worse.
Everybody has their weakness.
All the time.
It just gets fucking more and more complicated and just like watch more ads bullshit.
But it's like oh give me more of that.
I can't stop playing that.
And no VR games because once again I just was too lazy to set it up.
If I'm going to I want to.
It's like the other day I was like should I play Lego Marvel Super Heroes or all these VR games I haven't.
I don't know which VR game I want to play.
I'm just gonna go play Lego Marvel Super Heroes.
That's how I did it.
That's it.
Alright.
My gaming week.
Honestly not a whole lot besides my usual cell phone stuff with with Ingress and Pokemon Go.
Which both of those games are having double experience events going on right now.
And I actually find I'm kind of grinding Pokemon Go a little harder than Ingress.
But Pokemon Go is nice because the Pokemon are kind of everywhere.
Whereas Ingress you have to you know go to specific places.
So Pokemon you can kind of open the app and play at home for a little bit.
I try to do both.
Obviously I try to do both and you know I will go out on walks and things.
And there's you know places near where I work where there's both portals and Pokestops.
And I will use my little you know Bluetooth device to play both games at the same time.
Now that I have the iPhone 10 I have much better luck playing two games at the same time that way.
So it does allow me to do that.
But I haven't been particularly motivated to like because I'm in that stage in Ingress where I'm level 15 but not 16.
And like 16 is as high as you can go.
It's like the highest you can possibly go.
It's not like okay I hit level 16 then what.
Like once you hit level what is it now 10 and you can submit your own portals and rate the other portals.
Maybe that's 12 I don't remember.
Well yeah they did the rate thing that was a while ago then they just added where you can submit stuff now.
Yeah once you hit that point it's like well I can do everything I need to do.
So the rest of it is just but I mean not to say like you know I still have fun playing the game.
And once in a while you know I'll need that Zen moment of leaving the house and making fields in the neighborhood.
Do the batches that you get from the yearly things do those count towards your badge counts on Ingress for levels and stuff.
Yes.
Sweet I'm going to get the level up.
Oh why because you're getting a gold badge and it's like the one thing holding you back.
Platinum or something.
Nice. Yeah yeah.
Oh that's funny.
Alright I'll be 13.
Congrats.
Alright but then Pokemon.
Then Pokemon has the new thing which I know we'll talk about later in the show quickly.
But you know I yeah that game's still fun and I'm grinding that.
Actually I will say this because I'm what I'm level 35 I think in Pokemon Go.
So what I want to do is I do want to hit both level 16 in Ingress and level 40 in Pokemon Go.
And then I should get some type of certificate for that for like sickest individual alive right.
Wouldn't I get some type of acknowledgement for like like you have an AR disease.
Congratulations.
Like maybe that'll be a thing.
So there you go.
But I have been playing at home.
I've still been playing Heroes of the Storm which I play.
I try to do my daily gold matches every day to get my daily gold.
I finally threw him money.
I finally gave them money just because I've been playing the game so much and I fucking wanted Junkrat.
So I bought him with real money.
So there I got suckered into it.
But it was a free game and it's I've played it for many many hours so I don't feel that bad doing it.
And then another game of course I got suckered back into playing I think I talked about this last week.
I started playing World of Warcraft and actually I've been playing it like a lot.
Are you on the regular server.
No I am no I went I went somewhere and I rolled just to be somewhere like I'm not playing with anybody.
So because I'll be honest I actually might be re upping.
Oh there you go.
It's I don't know like I've been playing and there's there's things I like and I really like what I'm hearing about this next patch they're going to do which is where it's not going to like all the questing is going to scale.
Like that was the best part of the expansion is how the quest in the new zones scaled you remember that and like so it didn't matter which zone you did you just go did what you want.
They're doing that for all the zones.
So like.
That'll be great.
You can it's you level 0 to 60 in any classic wow zone.
If you want to go straight to fucking swamp of sorrows and start your new character you can do that.
You you're going to have the level scaling and then I think it's 60 to 80.
You can do either Northrend or the Burning Crusade content.
No good nor Northrend that's amazing.
Yeah you could skip one or the other altogether.
For me I really like the music in Northrend so I'd rather just music but I hate the questing.
Yeah so except for the Zandalari and then I think they're combining cataclysm and pandaria.
I think will be eight which is great because cataclysm fucking blows.
Sorry.
So well panda isn't much better but those quests are better so I would do those.
And then yes.
And then you have the normal world trainer and stuff so I think that's really cool what they're doing.
But don't get me wrong.
I'm still a big big fan of Final Fantasy 14.
It's just somehow I've now been suckered into paying for two MMOs.
I bought one month of WoW and I thought maybe I could make enough gold to pay for another month.
We'll see.
But playing WoW does make me realize oh these are the things that I kind of like better in Final Fantasy 14.
Like I actually think I like running dungeons better in 14.
But then when I play WoW I'm also like but these are the it seems like there's kind of more to do in endgame in WoW than there is in Final Fantasy 14.
That was the thing that let me lead 14.
There was just not there was jack shit to do once you were done with the main stuff.
They saw that they added the ability to play songs as a bard now.
Yeah that was something they added in 14.
I haven't really played around with that yet but yeah the whole perform thing where you can like make your own songs.
That's kind of neat.
But you know Final Fantasy 14 kind of needs just a few more things like that and it'll it'll be.
Well I and I will say I think I but this is personal opinion.
I think the story in 14 is still superior.
Like I think the Heavensward and especially Stormblood like those stories are so fucking good.
Like they're better than just about almost any other game in the Final Fantasy like franchise.
It's that good.
So it definitely beats WoW but that's a personal thing.
I also know some people that are super gung ho about Blizzard that love the story in World of Warcraft and can't really get into Final Fantasy the same way.
And it just goes back to money for Leaf tickets or money for Pokeballs.
What is what is your preference you know whatever you want to do.
So anyway that's that's our business.
I'm up to level 67 on my resto druid.
I just started what like a week and a half ago is whenever I got back from Seattle about a week and a half ago.
So I'm making pretty good progress I think.
SSJ100Matt in chat says time to bring out.
Excuse me.
SSJ100Matt in chat says time to bring back courthouse.
That's funny.
As far as the other thing goes I'm loving these names for the certificates.
JD in chat suggests you've kept Niantic afloat.
Actf says Niantic still exists because of people like you badge.
I forgot to mention there is a huge Ingress event in San Francisco on Saturday.
So that's like another thing. So I'm I'm actually legit concerned I might be late to next week's show because of said event.
So if the show doesn't start at six I apologize.
Or Jamie will just have to figure out what button she's got to push to make it start.
But Alan will be here to let you guys in.
So no I'm really I'm not thinking that will actually happen but it might.
So we'll see.
Anyway there we go.
Let's get into some other housekeeping.
We're still going to be here for the next few weeks but Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve are both on Sundays.
So I highly doubt we're going to have live shows either of those nights because I'm pretty sure I have to do my family stuff on Christmas Eve.
And Jamie I know even though you're Jewish dance family you celebrate with them Christmas Eve right?
Kinda.
Yeah so.
We usually just do Christmas Eve stuff and then Christmas Day stuff if I'm not working.
Yeah.
And I think I'm working.
So we're probably.
Actually no.
I may be on leave.
Oh right right. Yeah yeah yeah.
Yeah.
Well regardless. Oh yeah.
And by the way we're not going to say too much about it but Jamie's going to be absent from the show for a couple of weeks due to some other stuff.
So we're talking about like I think doing maybe an early show on like New Year's.
Maybe New Year's Eve.
A lot of that's going to depend on on her and her schedule.
OK so we'll let you know.
Right Jamie.
Well and if if anyone who I trust well enough wants to ask me what's going on I'll probably tell you.
Yeah.
But nothing public.
It's personal business is all they need.
And it's not bad.
And it's not bad.
It's all they need to know.
No.
All right.
Anyway I think that's it for housekeeping.
I'm just having cybernetic parts put in.
She literally is going to be the bionic woman now because I am calling her Jamie Summers since you know the beginning of time.
So she's getting the implants.
Yep.
I'm going to get the leg and the arm and the eyes.
She's going to get a leg just like Rose McGowan.
And what was that movie where the grand house.
Yes.
Planet Terror.
Yes.
Planet Terror.
You know I actually saw a really.
Next time Loki's critical and Nintendo.
I really I saw the good Halloween costume of an amputee who did that.
Perfect.
Perfect.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's get into some gaming news Loki.
So as we kind of mentioned when we're talking a little bit about the whole net neutrality and loot boxing certain countries and states have kind of weighed in on the whole loot box stuff.
So one of the states actually kind of came out and made a comment about it was of course Chris Lee from Hawaii who actually was making an announcement talking about that loot boxes demonstrate predatory behavior and that they want to combat that.
And of course you know they're talking about you know basically saying the EA is being very predatory towards people saying that this is like a Star Wars themed online casino designed to lure kids in the spending money.
And it's a trap because that's totally a Star Wars thing to say.
You have to say it's a trap as a trap.
Thank you Loki.
You don't look quite like an encephalopod though.
That's a compliment.
I look like a homeless person earlier today and I get shaved.
But yes.
So of course you know they're going to look into that to see what they could do to maybe help you if it comes down to fighting it including blocking a regulation.
Along with that other countries have weighed in Belgium was one that actually they had a kind of a translation from an article saying that you know they saw them as demonstrating while it's not exactly gambling.
It does demonstrate a lot of the same things that you would see with gambling having that same kind of appeal as people would to like different gambling games.
France has come out as well against it saying that.
Basically that they're also you know very predatory.
One of the things they were talking about was I guess the A.R. J.L. which is a French organization that regulates online gambling.
Basically a letter from French Senator Jerome during basically said that you know they wanted them to look into this because you know.
Since there has been such an advancement of gaming culture basically talking about you know e-sports and microtransactions the blue boxes seeing whether or not that they.
These need to be regulated like online gambling because of you know the way that you know people are spending money on this and see he wants to see you kind of like how China's done were more transparency in the drop rates to help players.
You make more informed decisions and.
You know also just kind of making sure that they're not doing anything shady kind of like online gambling.
Because yeah I mean if they're basically putting this out there in a way that they can kind of skirt around laws because you're buying fake currency to do this.
That's it seems like that they shouldn't be able to get away with that because if you think about it like if I have you know if I'm trying to sell drugs which is obviously illegal but I say no no I'm not really selling drugs.
I'm selling this picture that I drew on a piece of paper with a pencil and you're just getting the drugs for free with that drawing that I did.
You can't do that it's still illegal you know even though I'm saying oh well I'm not selling the drugs I'm just selling this picture.
Something similar that it's like oh no no we're not spending real money on it you just buy this fake currency that you then spend on the gambling.
It doesn't work that way.
You wouldn't be able to buy like you know California crystals to buy California lottery tickets with if you're underage it's it doesn't work that way.
So I don't know.
I definitely hope they look into this a little more because I'm all for them getting rid of this bullshit.
Do you think it's going to come to that regulation.
Do you think if the gaming industry has a tendency to kind of back down.
And I kind of think like I think this backlash that's happened against D.A. other companies have to be noticing it.
Yeah I think that they definitely notice it and it definitely will have an impact on it.
But like a lot of the times you know where they say they need this for development you know costs and stuff like that.
Look at EA's direct words what they are talking about.
They mentioned to their investors about they're saying that this is going to have no financial impact on them.
You know the fact that they're you know removing these temporarily.
So if it's going to have no financial impact on them then why did they need to be there in the first place.
Obviously they make more money so they could do it without it.
It's just they want to do it with it because they're going to make more money.
I don't know. I think if they keep pushing it keeps moving in this direction.
Obviously now they kind of took too much of a leap.
But if it keeps if they still try to inch it out even further then yeah there's gonna be more backlash with it including you know now that it's gotten mainstream press and stuff.
More regulation you know regulatory bodies looking at this type of stuff.
I think it is going to come to the point where they're going to have to be transparent about the percentages of drop rates and these things.
How about stop being fucking assholes about it and just if you want to sell DLC sell DLC.
That's fine.
But the fact that you have a random loot drop that's fine if it's an in-game thing like Borderlands.
Random loot drops all day long.
But that's in-game that's part of the game it's not this like I have to spend money to buy loot boxes.
Which God forbid you know take two.
Well probably we'll see that in Borderlands 3 but you know it's it's not necessary.
It's definitely no one's going to look at it and go oh they're not trying to make money off this.
I mean obviously they're trying to make money off this and the fact that it's random is so that you're not guaranteed to get what you want in it.
So that you will spend more money on it.
And that's they're not selling a service they're selling just like a lottery which is gambling.
Is it weird to hear lawmakers talking about this.
Do you think they'll get it right.
Because I noticed what's you know something that we kind of have to get used to is that it kind of felt like in the 90s like lawmakers didn't play video games.
They were in touch with it.
But now you know you know 30 and 40 some things we grew up on video games everybody kind of knows what Nintendo is at this point.
I don't think they'll get it right.
And unfortunately for them that's going to work against the gaming industry because the way they're going to perceive it because people say that it's like gambling is they're going to call it an online casino.
Star Wars themed online casino.
And if that happens then it's done.
Loot boxes are gone.
I mean that's going to happen.
They'll be gone from Overwatch too.
Which is going to be because you know again Blizzard seems immune from all this because you know to be fair because it's it's cosmetic.
You know and I'm sorry if they get caught in the crossfire with it but you know what Activision Blizzard you're not you're not 100 percent innocent.
You guys said that.
I mean it may not necessarily be as much on the Blizzard side of things but Activision they have their fair share of bullshit that they've been pulling with the loot box stuff so they are equally the blame for this.
And I'm sorry if it comes to that we're all loot boxes basically are just gone.
Well you know what you kind of have yourself the blame for it.
All right I don't want to rehash the loot box thing too much more unless Jamie you want to add something because you were here last week for the big kickoff topic on that.
But if you do want to email us of course you can always continue the conversation if you want it's your show participate at orange launcher dot com if you want to send us an email.
But I will point this out because this is an interesting kind of other side of things.
Now this is a game that was a whole free to play thing that both Loki and I have talked about.
God ad nauseum on this show. Yes a little game called Clicker Heroes. Remember when we were all into Clicker Heroes.
Well I didn't know that did you know Clicker Heroes to get in a fucking sequel because of course it is.
Of course it is right. But here's the interesting thing about it. So with Clicker Heroes to play source has decided you know what we're getting rid of the free to play Ruby mechanic.
We're getting rid of it.
And if you don't know what the Ruby mechanic is once in a great while a Ruby will drop that you can click.
And then you use the rubies to buy premium stuff. But of course if you want to just buy what is it like 10 rubies for ninety nine cents or whatever it is I don't know the exact ratio you can do that.
And that's with the PC version the PlayStation version all the version which makes sense because of the free free game right. It was a free to play game to be fair.
What is Mr. Smoosh. What do you do. Oh God. Hold on guys. Mr. Smoosh has one of my free chisel toys from. Yeah. Remember chisel is for the cat.
I know things are for the cat. I know but I don't want him to destroy that. That's like a keepsake at this point. OK Mr. Smoosh don't tear that up. OK OK.
Shall I just go into my story. Not yet.
All right. So yeah. So basically instead of going the whole free to play route they're actually going to be you know charging money up front and not having all of that free to play stuff.
So they're going to actually charge thirty dollars for the sequel which that's interesting. I'd be curious to see how the game plays.
Yeah. I'm looking at the screenshots and it looks like they tried to take a little more like it looks a little more Diablo esque in the way at least that it looks.
But I can't see how the main game mechanics are going to change that much. So we'll see. But what's also interesting about it is they basically said the developer PlaySource kind of says you know we've made a lot of money off of what they call the whales which are you know the free to play mechanics.
But they said we don't want this kind of money if it came from anyone who regrets their decision if it made their lives significantly worse as a result.
We really don't like making money off players who are in denial of their addiction. And that's what a large part of free to play gaming is all about.
Everyone in the industry seems to rationalize it by shifting the blame assuming way too much cognizance on the part of their victims.
So isn't that interesting that they're coming out and basically saying people are addicted to this shit and we don't want to enable it anymore.
I can see that. I mean it the clicker games are quite addicting. I I've never been compelled to buy currency though in it. So there's that.
But you know I'm willing to pay for their game if it's if it's decent. I can't really tell based on the screenshots but it's fun for a while.
I don't know. I mean I I spent ten dollars on the rubies at one point but that was more of a it wasn't that I needed to do it.
That was more of a and that's all I ever spent was ten bucks. It was more of a I wanted to pay something to the developers for like all the hours I spent playing the game.
I was kind of like you know they deserve a little kickback and sure getting the double gems power up or whatever the fuck I bought right away.
That's a nice little kick too. But that's it. Like I'm only ever going to spend ten dollars on this whereas like seriously don't ask me how much I've spent on Pokemon Go or how much gas I've put in my car because of Ingress like just don't don't ask.
I won't tell you. Yeah I mean it's fine. I don't have a problem supporting developers like this and it's good to see that these people even like someone that like it would be very easy for them to just you know keep the same thing and they could defend it with saying listen it's a free play game.
Yeah I mean it's kind of hard to argue that but the fact that they're saying listen now we don't want to kind of we've kind of thought about it and we don't want to be a part of this problem.
You know that that's might I guess that's pretty noble of them I guess but I think that maybe they've determined like that the average amount people spent was 30 bucks and probably they probably could make more money.
Well I just I worry for them because well maybe maybe not. I mean if the average was 30 bucks and they sell a lot of copies of it then they'll make the same amount of money. I kind of don't think they will sell. I think 30 bucks for this type of game is going to be a stretch and it's going to be the type of thing that ends up on steam sales.
Yeah I can see picking this up. I think most people will buy it for 10 bucks five the first steam sale opportunity. Yeah but I mean maybe you know again I eventually dropped 10 dollars on clicker heroes so if I drop 10 bucks on this then they made the same money off of me on either game so who knows.
Dungeon buster in chat says I heard about this story pretty bold move but their reasoning was also very interesting.
Bobby Blackwolf asks so serious question how much have you spent on Pokemon go. I there's honestly a part of me that says I don't have to answer this question.
I plead the fifth.
Do we count the devices that I bought like the Pokemon go plus and gotcha.
Although the gotcha was a gift. So do I really count that. I'm probably not easily while this game has been out a year and a half easily two hundred fifty dollars.
But how much have I paid for my Final Fantasy 14 subscription in that same time.
Probably about the same. I would say I spend about as much on this game as I do on an MMO subscription and it's it's kind of a similar thing.
You know it's interesting though I've spent more money on Pokemon that I have in ingress to which Niantic actually gets the money if that makes sense.
I mean because I put gas in my car but Niantic doesn't fucking get anything from that right right.
And Niantic. Oh to be honest they don't really sell them. I know I've bought ten dollars. No I think I gave the game twenty dollars to buy the ten dollars worth of capsules and maybe like one set of frackers ever.
But I also bought a very rare kit when I went to their anomaly. So I would say maybe over the four years I played ingress a hundred dollars tops tops on money that Niantic actually gets a part of it.
I think I spent maybe like 20 bucks and all of that was from the free Google survey thing where you get money from doing their surveys.
So technically no money but you know.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says I only ask that because you said don't even ask me I didn't think it would work. Well there you don't say I don't do things for listeners.
Rageinator says so multiply by 10 to get the real amount then. No I was I was honest with you. It's about ten dollars probably about ten dollars a month and then you figure it was thirty dollars for the first device about forty dollars the second.
Maybe a little extra money during one of the events I'd say 250 is a fair guesstimate because that game's only been out about a year and a half.
So I bet some people have spent more.
But see that's the thing is like you know like I don't have a problem with people spending that kind of money on these games because it's not that much when you're talking about the length of time that you've had the game and I can't really wants that food.
Mr. Smudge is being as I'm eating fish cake.
He probably thinks it's kitty soft food.
That's my pop.
Poor Mr. Smudge.
Okay a little bit for you.
Jamie Jamie stuck out hurt like she put just a little tiny piece in her hand to give to Mr. Smudge and like while her hand was out he fucking jumps around it up on the table and sticks his nose.
Okay.
Anyway sorry cats.
But anyways yeah so like I don't have a problem people doing that but it's like what's when you try to shapely do that after like you know like E.A. for example when you're trying to you know oh we're going to charge you sixty dollars for the game and we want you to still pay this hundred you know ten dollars a month as well.
It's like no.
Come on.
All right well we'll move on to our soccer if you're able to keep Mr. Smoosh at bay there to get to our next story.
Oh my God.
I'm I'm eating like this.
You're distracted.
Go fish.
No.
No.
Do you need me to go put him away.
Poke poke poke.
No I'm just gonna keep poking at his paws.
That's what I do with Midna.
Okay.
So basically we have some ass hole ishness.
Basically the developer gazillion who does Marvel heroes.
No.
Gee smooshy.
You're pushy smooshy.
That's what you are.
Okay I'm gonna put him away if he's too distracted.
No no no.
Okay.
So anyway basically everyone at gazillion got laid off.
They were supposed to get laid off at the end of December.
Well this happened right before Thanksgiving.
If that is not the dick move of dick moves then I don't know.
I hope they got paid through whenever.
I heard they weren't even getting like PTO cashed out and all sorts of like.
That is bullshit.
We went fucking broke today type of shit.
That is bullshit.
Yeah.
It's really unfortunate.
Yeah so anyway a good number of players of the game have already started asking for refunds
because it's been less than six months you know and they are well within their rights.
So I hope that they can get the money but then again you can't get blood out of a stone
so.
Yeah like if they couldn't even pay their employees PTO like you're not getting money
without a lawsuit.
Like it's just not going to happen unless they run it up the flagpole and go all the
way to Disney.
And if it starts to become an ugly PR thing for Disney who let's not forget owns Marvel
if it becomes an ugly PR thing for Disney then maybe something will happen.
Disney doesn't own the developer.
It doesn't matter though.
They pulled the license.
I would still have their fault.
It's still it's still an image thing.
And you know if if the whole backlash with Star Wars Battlefront 2 is anything just just
copying Disney on any all your complaints and I think you might get better traction
that way.
Well they have the money for it so no one's really worried.
They'll just up theme park prices again.
All right.
Well in all seriousness you know that is really unfortunate to those developers and so we're
thinking of the developers and hope that they can find new employment.
And it's one of those few times you see the really good side of Twitter is that I did
notice there were gaming companies like you know Blizzard and like there were some other
companies like right away were like hey if you were impacted by what happened to Gazillion
we're hiring for these positions right now.
Call us here.
Email us here.
So at least there's like yay that's the good part of social networking.
So you know we really hope the folks at Gazillion can land face up somewhere that doesn't completely
ruin the holiday for every door that closes another opens et cetera et cetera.
Let's hope that that works out.
All right.
Moving on.
Another story Loki.
So apparently Bungie has announced that they're changing the way that they're handling Destiny
2's experience points.
And this I guess comes after some players had raised questions about how the system
was rigged.
So you know basically like any other game you would earn experience points and you after
you get so much XP you level up and then once you get to level 20 which is like a your soft
cap they call it then you get a bright Ingram every time your experience bar fills up.
And so with that you can buy loot boxes and whatnot.
However they I guess had this event called Clarion Call I guess which gave bonus XP to
players when when they were joined by at least one of their clan mates.
And they were saying that during the event some players noticed that the longer they
played the slower they'd progress despite the fact that they were repeating the same
activities.
So the first time player would earn like 5000 XP and then they would see that you know
large chunk of XP bar fill in the second or third 15th time they earned the same number
of XP but the bar would fill even smaller.
So it was like a curve like that the bar was filling like at a curve rate.
Yeah.
So instead of it being you know where it was supposed to be you know this constant leveling
they were kind of tweaking it a bit to make it so that you earn those bright Ingram's
i.e. loot boxes slower and slower.
If it was just doing that with experience points I would have no problem with it.
Or it's like the gas meter in my car in reverse where like it doesn't go down like for the
longest time I'll drive around and it's like my gas meter doesn't go down at all and then
all of a sudden I'll be like on a quarter tank and just like runs to empty all of a
sudden.
So it's the reverse of that.
Well I mean I'm glad they are putting a stop to it because that's pretty shady.
Like how do you even how do you even justify that.
Yeah.
And their comment was you know we've seen the community discussion around XP gain and
destiny after reviewing our data we agree that the system is not performing the way
we'd like it to.
In other words you guys notice today we'd like to describe what's going on under the
hood and talk about what you can expect going forward with earning XP and destiny too.
How about just make the bar an accurate representation of percentages.
Like is that too much to ask.
Like I'm sorry.
Do you know how much fucking like corporate speak was just in those words that came out
of your mouth that literally meant like and I'm not blaming you.
That literally meant like oh we got caught.
Oops.
Well literally the explanation too doesn't make any sense either because it says currently
XP will scale up when playing longer or fixed duration activities like crucible competitive
multiplayer matches or Leviathan raids and says and XP will scale down when playing activities
that can be quickly repeatedly chain like public like grinding public events.
We're not happy with the results and we've heard the same from the community.
Oh fuck you.
We're not happy with the result.
Oh my God.
This system is failing us.
Bullshit.
You're unhappy that people notice and complained about it.
And this is why I never got to level 20 because I never had to see any of this stuff.
I fooled you.
It's I'm sorry.
Like I always like I always get like miffed when they just say oh yes you know we're disappointed
in the way you know we're disappointed in you know the data that we've used.
Do you fucking program the game.
You can't tell me you didn't know what was going on.
You had to plan the system out.
So you know full well how the system was working and it's just that oh you got caught.
And so now it's like oh well we're disappointed in ourselves.
We'll do better next time.
No you won't.
You won't.
I'm glad I never played it.
What's up.
Destiny 2 is like it's a beautiful game.
You know the little bits I have played on PC.
It's a gorgeous game and it is you know for somebody who doesn't even really care for shooters that much.
It is kind of fun.
But all this endgame bullshit really sounds exhausting.
Well it just sounds to me that they want people to earn those bright Ingram slower so that you get tempted to buy loot boxes.
Could be that's what I think it is.
That's how you earn loot boxes in Overwatch is you learn earn them as you gain experience playing matches.
But like Blizzard didn't feel the need to fucking lie on the bar about what percentage you are to a certain level.
It's just so weird to me.
Like who who thought that was a good idea and that they wouldn't get caught with all this.
Like hey you know if you play this event you'll get near the full experience you play it again it's going to go down or something like that.
And people are at least are aware of it.
Well here's a publisher that's been doing something and has not been quote unquote caught until now.
But this is a very different type of situation.
This is the one that kind of makes you go wow.
And this has to do with the game Axiom Verge.
And it came out this week that the publisher who's Badland Games has been doing something for Tom Happ.
Who I believe is the creator the like the soul dude behind like these games.
So anyhow Tom said in a passage here.
I'd like to take a moment to give a special shout out to the publisher Badland.
As you may have seen elsewhere on my blog and Twitter.
I try to be pretty open about my son's health situation.
In short he was born healthy but the doctors failed to treat a routine case of jaundice during a critical period when he was just days old.
The result was a lifelong condition called connectoris.
I may or may not have pronounced that right.
That is characterized by severe neurological damage which robbed my son of how much of much of his motor control and hearing.
The reason I mention this is that after we decide to move forward with Badland Games as the publisher.
They offered to donate 75% of their share to a special fund dedicated to Alistair's ongoing health care costs.
They didn't want to publicize it since none of us wanted to be seen as trying to use my son's suffering as a marketing tool for the game.
I hope this doesn't come across that come off that way.
I just wanted to thank them for their generosity and offering that up since it was definitely something they didn't have to do.
And so a lot of people have kind of gone well I'm gonna buy a second copy after hear about that.
So good guy publisher Badland Games.
Yeah my first game was good.
Oh yeah that game's great.
Axiom Verge is great especially if you kind of have that itch with Super Metroid that kind of needs to be scratched.
It's a great great game you definitely should check out.
You know I have to admit though and I don't know if it's just like the internet womp womp part of me or the fact that I've worked in health care for the past few years.
But my first thought was why are the health care companies not paying for this?
And that was kind of where my brain went. I was like why if you know everybody's supposed to have health care or you know there's always Medicaid or whatever.
But I did research and I tried to figure out what's going on. It turns out it's because of the condition.
I guess there's not a lot of...
I've heard of this.
Yeah FDA or whoever approved stuff.
So it sounds like the child's going to Mexico to get treatment where the industry is not as heavily regulated because this condition is so rare.
So I will say I kind of put it under that eye and I was like okay this makes sense. I understand why they need to raise money.
Although they've been doing it quietly.
The issue with this particular thing is it actually concerns the chemical that delivers that controls hemoglobin to deliver oxygen to the body.
And it's an excess of that. So it's pretty pretty serious. So I hope that you can find the good treatment for it.
Well I hope he's made lots of money for his son off of this game and I hope the son is able to get a little help there.
And a lot of people have kind of gone that's why that game's never on sale.
Yeah so that might kind of explain it a little bit there.
So anyhow there you go Axiom Verge a little news there with the publisher.
Let's move on.
Dar Sakura a few more stories then we'll get to the classic of the week.
Well there's been a 20 month suspension of a League of Legends champion player named who goes by Vasily Lee Wei Jun.
On his Twitch channel he screamed and threatened his girlfriend at the time.
Overturned furniture and basically issued threats severe enough to warrant a visit from the police.
And so just after that broadcast finished basically the team he was on ended their contract with him.
They just booted him out. His girlfriend left him as well she should have.
Although she said that he didn't beat her but he did smash everything around them.
And that he did the whole thing on the live stream. So it is out there.
And basically the League of Legends championship series said per their code of contact conduct sorry that he is under 20 months suspension.
And that after that expires it's up to other league teams if they want to sign him.
Although they do understand that he had a history with quote violent tendencies and that he showed physical aggression on stage by smashing a keyboard and intimidating a camera operator during a match.
They are considering looking into lifelong bans for that but this is what gets me is that well I'm sorry an indefinite ban quote fingers.
That they give indefinite bans for cheating you know for match fixing and cheating.
But they didn't put it on there for threatening the well-being of another person.
Yeah like you know with this whole story and what you're saying I was like okay okay okay okay like yep they're doing what they have to do.
Up until this part where you said he'd he'd done this type of violent shit on stage before.
Like this is an ambassador for your game and your brand on what is you know a very well watched thing on Twitch.
And like you know I you know I don't know maybe that maybe the the media hasn't gotten as in depth to this.
But like where was the fucking slap on the wrist when he was yelling at camera operators and smashing keyboards and shit.
Like that should have been squelched then. That should have been a spanking then.
Well I swear to God some people's children.
But on top of that the other thing is that they're treating you know cheating as a bigger offense than threatening another person.
Yeah yeah no I hear you loud and clear.
But they did um Riot Games did admit that it it had a wide range of offenses that would be listed underneath it.
And that they didn't anticipate having a situation where a pro player would turn out to be a domestic abuser.
I'm gonna interject one thing here. Humans no matter what they do can be garbage.
We have seen garbage like you know asshole from my state and Weinstein and all of those garbages out there being garbage.
What's to say a gamer can't be garbage like this guy. This guy is garbage.
And I'm I'm sorry they kind of had a hint.
Yeah they knew.
But no he's a game. No he's garbage.
And he should have been treated like garbage and thrown out the first time he was acting like garbage.
Or rehabilitated and recycled into something usable.
If he can even learn. I mean sometimes people who.
That's up to the person.
Yeah you have to want to change and if there's no incentive to change you're just going to keep being garbage.
Sorry if they can get away with it.
Because he was getting away with it.
Exactly.
You need to hold.
I'm sure he'll go to rehab. That's what everybody does now.
You need to hold garbage people accountable for being garbage.
End of story.
That's. Mine's over.
OK. All right.
I don't know what else to say with that. I'm looking at our chat over at live dot vodka network dot com active says hasn't anyone learned from the fighting game community.
Dungeon Buster says I'm surprised you get an indefinite ban right then and there.
I think that's about the smash keyboards itself.
William murder face says what's next.
Someone says a slur one or the other at a tournament and Riot says they did not anticipate that could happen.
Well Riot games also didn't answer why they chose 20 months instead of indefinite.
So but I mean having a policy that vague just opens the door for more abuses for things that people you have to have.
This isn't somebody playing a match on like this isn't somebody like just a user of the game.
This is a professional who's being paid to play this game.
Exactly difference.
And on top of that I mean if anything if he it should be something in the contract to there can be punitive damages for the I would expect like the negative PR that it gives the company you know that while you are playing this game you are a representative of the company.
You know it's ridiculous but no he's garbage.
All right.
Well sometimes you have to just paint over the garbage right Loki.
Yes you do.
And way to transition into talking about Splatoon 2.
I tried I really tried with that.
You tried.
Which is not hot garbage.
No it's not.
No it's a lot of fun actually.
Well actually Splatoon 2 did have a garbage weekend and it was that weekend that mayonnaise fucking one versus ketchup.
That was the best week ever.
That was garbage.
Because ketchup is disgusting.
No mayonnaise is actual garbage.
Mayonnaise is delicious.
Anyway.
Anyways so there Nintendo announced that they have quite a bit of updates coming soon to Splatoon 2.
So one of these actually is coming in mid-December which is a brand new game mode called Clam Blitz.
So in Clam Blitz you basically have to collect different clams that are scattered throughout the stage.
And after you pick one up they'll follow the player around and then you have to get them into a basket that's near the opponent's base and they have like a shield around them.
So in order to do that you collect 10 clams and then throw this power clam in there to basically score points on the first team to 100 wins.
Yay.
So that's interesting.
And then along with that of course they've got some new stuff for new battle stages coming out.
So they just released one this weekend with the shell.
What was it?
Mako Mart.
And then I guess Shellendorf Institute Walleye Warehouse and Arowana Mall are going to be coming soon.
And I guess they're saying that there's going to be new salmon run stages as well.
So I guess they're saying that the salmonoid smokeyard is going to be added to the rotation.
They have new gear.
So 140 pieces of new gear as well.
Shoes, headgear, clothes and you know these additional winter clothing as well.
New battle music.
So they've got I guess they said two new bands in the game.
New hairstyles.
They have four new hairstyles.
Two female, two male.
They've raised the level cap from 50 to 99.
And then I guess they also have the ability to I guess like prestige.
You know they would call it in Call of Duty where you can reset your level and continue raising the level from there.
New amiibo functions.
So they're going to have I guess tapping the amiibo in the game will allow you to share in-game photos.
And I don't know if it's done.
Oh we can add filters and stuff.
So we'll do those videos too I guess.
Probably too much for an amiibo.
Yeah.
And also I guess they're saying that they're going to allow you to swap gear a little bit easier.
So you'll be able to change gear between battles in regular rattle ranked battle.
Thanks God.
That was oh my God.
That was one of those things I couldn't believe wasn't in there.
You could not change your gear between that.
Thank God.
Yeah.
So that's cool.
Didn't mention though if you need the app for that.
Wasn't that one of the ways one of the things that the app was for is like switching gear.
No you could.
It was like additional gear you could buy and you could get it.
I don't want to say the shady marketplace but it just kind of was you know it was just another way to buy gear basically and different stuff.
And you can also see like what teams your friends are on and so forth.
The chat room is saying that the update is live already by the way.
This isn't something that is coming.
It's done already here.
Well yes some of the things I know that were coming.
But they mentioned that you know one of the stages was released and then the rest were coming soon.
Got it.
So I didn't think it'd be like the very next day.
Well then this is the good news that you know all of it's free essentially.
And this is the good thing that Nintendo has not figured out loot boxes yet.
Can't get that online.
Am I right?
Yeah.
All right.
Act F says yeah you buy special gear through the app not change.
Fifth Dream asked can we get this update for Final Fantasy 15 Comrades 2 please.
That's one of those things I need to go back and visit.
I still need the playthrough 15.
Oh you should.
It's worth playing through.
I know it's just I'll do it one of these days.
Maybe like a whole maybe 2018 I just buy no games and just play through like 500 games I have in my backlog.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says Nintendo definitely figured out loot boxes.
What happened at the end of every stage in Super Mario Brothers 3.
Yeah but if you would run and get your P meter full and jump at a 45 degree angle you could hack those loot boxes.
You always get a star.
That's what the toad houses were for though.
That's true.
You could hack that game too though.
Yeah I remember that too.
Wasn't it based on where like the Hammer Brothers was or something like that.
There's a certain place on the screen that you look and every time you push the button in that position and that's where it'll stop.
Anyway.
So yeah you can hack the shit out of that stuff because it's not online.
I say hack but it's not really hacking.
That's just getting good as they say.
Alright hey one of the games that I really liked and I don't remember if this game had loot boxes.
I guess it kind of did.
It had a loot wheel.
But I don't remember buying spins on the loot wheel.
Maybe that was something you could do.
I don't know but it's Forza Horizon is what I'm talking about.
And Forza Horizon is by a developer called Playground Games.
And what happened is that they actually announced back in February that they are making a non-racing game.
Gasp.
Which sadly does that mean we're not getting Forza Horizon 4?
Or did that get passed to a different developer?
Or is there two teams now there?
I don't know.
We don't know about that.
But anyway.
All we know about this non-racing game is it's an open world game.
But they are apparently working based on new reports.
It's an open world action RPG.
They have hired talent from Metal Gear Solid, Hellblade, Suna's Sacrifice, and GTA 5.
This all comes in a report from gameindustry.biz.
And they obtained the new details on this studio that they're forming to work on the RPG.
So Playground brought Sean Istone, Will Kennedy, and Juan Fernandez de Simon on the project.
And they are all from those different teams I named a little bit ago.
So they said, we're delighted we've secured a second studio to house our new team.
Oh, there's the answer.
This is a hugely exciting project that is already attracting world class talent to Playground.
The combination of New Blood and experienced Playground team members is already showing huge promise.
And I'm excited to see this talented group contribute to Playground's continued success.
That is all from CEO Gavin Rayburn.
So there you go.
Awesome.
Yeah, I'm really excited to see what they come up with then.
And that's good.
That means that Forza Horizon 4 really could still happen.
And it could just all be the Hot Wheels thing.
It'll be on...
What was that game that Atari did back in the game with the loop?
Hard Drivin'? Was that the game?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's just...
Forza Horizon just needs to go full on hard driving.
Oh, the nap machine.
What, the what?
Hard Drivin', the nap machine.
Oh yeah, the cabinet was so big you could get in there and take a nap.
I used to.
At work.
It's like the old Test Drive games.
Yeah, yeah, right.
The old Test Drive games.
They were like...
I do.
The graphics were as shitty as the hard driving.
Dungeon Busters Suggest in chat.
Kingdoms of Forza, The Reckoning, minus Curt Schilling.
Let's hope so.
I don't think that guy's ever gonna make it...
I want a racing game that's set in the medieval times.
Or you just fight with...
It's an action RPG featuring just real racing cars.
You just...
I don't know.
Alright, let's take a trip down memory lane.
The classic game of the week.
Back in the day when...
You didn't have your...
Your studios were limited to three cartridges in a calendar year.
And if you were gonna make more games than that, you just had to open up a second wing.
Hello Ultra Games, Tommy.
See what you're doing there?
It's a classic game of the week.
You know that was a thing, right?
That because the Atari 2600 went...
Because there were just garbage games coming out for it.
But if you wanted your games to come out on Nintendo, Nintendo limited you to three games a year.
Ten games a year.
But that's when somebody reversed it to your cartridge.
I'm sorry, I'm not telling you.
What's the other one in another Konami studio that was...
It was Ultra.
Ultra, that's right.
Ultra put out the Ninja Turtles game in Metal Gear, didn't they?
Yeah.
Metal Gear Stakes Adventures.
Anyway, the classic game of the week.
This particular selection was after all that though, actually, right?
Yes.
Whale, whale, after that.
This is actually one of those it just turned 10 picks, right?
Yes, it did.
Super Mario Galaxy came out in 2007.
It came out for the Wii.
Remember how much shit we gave them for the Wii?
Let's suppose that you're writing a really...
I thought I got rid of ads on...
Oh, I switched my browser, that's why.
Girl.
Sorry about that, guys.
Anyway, it also was released in 2011 as a Nintendo Selects title and downloadable via
the Wii U's eShop in 2015.
Mario has to go rescue Princess Peach while saving the universe from Bowser this time.
Because, like, bitch ain't got other things to do.
So basically the galaxies were all like little planets.
And you had different variations of gravity, different things that could go on, you'd have
different platforms to move around.
And basically it took concepts that came from Super Mario 128, which was a tech demonstration
from Nintendo Space World in 2000.
The development began just after that tech demo came out.
And it was actually after the release of Donkey Kong Jungle Beat in 2004 is when that came up.
And it was actually a suggestion by Miyamoto himself that Nintendo should commission another
large-scale Mario game.
And so it was...
There you go.
It also was one of the first Mario games that had a symphony orchestra with music composed
by Koji Kondo and Mahito Yokota.
Sorry, not Yokota, that's the wrong word.
Anyway, it was really considered to be one of the best games of its era.
I mean, even today.
It won game of the year across many boards.
And it was the first Nintendo title to win the British Academy games award for best games.
So there you go.
It is the ninth best-selling Wii game worldwide.
And the best-selling 3D Mario, Super Mario entry.
And of course it had a sequel, Super Mario Galaxy 2.
It came out for the Wii in 2010.
So you would use it, you know, you played it as many games did with the Wiimote and the Nunchuck.
Mario's abilities came from Super Mario 64.
So he had all of his fun jumps in the somersaults.
And he had the star pointer that would show you...
It would show up when you pointed the Wiimote at the screen so that you could find different star bits
that looked like a Conpetto.
So it was really, really just a neat little game.
You got your power-ups.
You have the spring suit and the boo suit and the bee suit.
And your health meter was a three-piece health meter.
Just the usual stuff that you expect in a Mario game.
You could get your 50 coins without losing a life or 50 star bits or 1-up mushroom to get you extra lives.
And then you had co-star mode where one person controls Mario
and the other one basically has a second star pointer that you can shoot at enemies with.
So it was really well received overall.
The game was a novel concept for when it came out too, just with it using gravity the way it was.
And it was really considered just a fun game.
The music was fantastic.
Like I said, it was orchestral with a 50 person symphony orchestra.
And it fit the game quite well.
It sold great.
And it has the sixth highest rating on Metacritic.
It was a 97 out of 100 based on 73 reviews at the time.
So even while Famitsu doesn't really give out perfect scores that much,
they gave them a 38 out of 40.
So they got really, really fantastic ratings.
And so there we go.
It is a pretty fucking great Mario game.
Yeah.
And so that's the game, Super Mario Galaxy.
I kinda can't believe it's 10 years old.
Thwomp, thwomp.
Thwomp, thwomp.
Thwomp, thwomp.
Blarg, blarg.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week for the Wii, Super Mario Galaxy,
which the chat room, by the way, did catch and called out your Freudian slip earlier in the show.
Oh, that's why she said Mario Galaxy at the beginning of the show.
That actually wasn't why I said it, but I had been listening to the music before coming up here.
And now we're going to open the maple cookies.
All right.
Yay, cookies.
That means we're going to take a break.
Have Hokkaido Momiji cookies.
Sure.
Just make sure Mr. Smoosh doesn't try to eat them all.
All right.
His ears perked when I said that.
That cat is going to ruin this show.
We're going to take a quick break.
We're going to come back, though.
There's much more show to come, including another Iwata tribute.
I think it's really cute.
We're going to get to in rapid fire news.
We're also going to talk about what's going on in Pokemon Go, besides me spending money, and theme parks,
when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight, episode number 708 for this November the 26th of 2017, enjoying those last few minutes of the long weekend.
For those of you that got a long weekend, I know some of you brave souls work in retail and other industries that have you working over the weekend.
Even I worked on Friday, which is weird.
I have the type of office job that usually isn't there on Black Friday.
But we were there, so I didn't get a full weekend, but I had a nice restful Saturday and Sunday after the fact.
So I hope you guys had a nice restful weekend as well.
During the break, I know we can't play these on the podcast because, you know, we can't distribute someone else's songs and all that stuff.
But we did play a song randomly from Soul Calibur during the music break tonight.
And some folks in chat, Vid Power, said, I hope they make another Soul Calibur game again.
And Fifth Dream says, yes, we need Soul Calibur badly.
Well, it didn't make the show roll tonight because we addressed it a little bit last week.
There are heavy rumors picking up about Soul Calibur 6.
But now, I feel like Namco Bandai, because of that rumor, started putting out conflicting rumors this week.
Meaning, like, now we're hearing, oh, it's not being unveiled at PSX, it's being unveiled at the Video Game Awards.
And, oh, the bonus character on Nintendo is not Link, it's one of the Fire Emblem characters instead.
So, there's a lot of, like, noise out there on that front.
But it does sound like one way or another, Soul Calibur 6 is going to happen.
Which makes sense. I mean, those Soul Calibur games have always sold pretty well, haven't they?
It's been a while. Soul Calibur 5 was a PlayStation 3 exclusive, if I'm right, right?
Did they put that anywhere else? I think.
I know 4 was on Xbox 360 because 4 had Yoda, Invader, and all that stuff, right?
Yoda. Yoda.
But 5 was only on PlayStation 3, if I remember right.
So, it'll be interesting to see what they do with 6. It does seem like it should be time for that.
Fifth Dream in Chat says, Soul Calibur 6 should be insanely beautiful on PlayStation 4 Pro.
Bob Coffee says, Soul Calibur 6 probably won't happen until Tekken 7 is done, I imagine.
Eh, there could be different teams. Who knows?
JD says 5 was also on 360. Okay, I must've missed that.
4 was the one that had Yoda, Invader, right? I didn't get that confused.
No, okay, I know what it is. Soul Calibur 3 was a PlayStation 2 exclusive, right?
That was when they first spread out, like the hula hoop girl and the...
Yeah, some of those other characters. So, who was the character in Soul Calibur 5?
Who was the bonus character they put in that?
Was 5 Vader? Or was that 4?
No, that was 4. I don't remember who the bonus characters were.
Was it Kratos?
That sounds right. I think you're right.
Was it Kratos and then was it Higachi?
Ezio. Ezio.
That's right. I think Ezio was on both.
Yeah, the game's guest character is Ezio from Assassin's Creed Brotherhood.
That's what it was.
Oh.
There it is. And then they're saying Kratos in chat as well.
So, there you go. I don't see that in the Wiki article.
I thought that was only on, well obviously only on Linzoni.
And then...
Yeah.
No, that was Dead or Alive.
Never mind.
Yeah. Yeah, Soul Calibur 5 with Ezio.
Okay, it's been a while. I mean, it's been a while since those games were out.
So, we're due for Soul Calibur 6. I'm sure it's gonna happen.
Anyway, let's get to some rapid fire news and quickly talk about some other stuff going on in the gaming world. Loki.
So, this is just silly, but apparently, you know, Sonic Forces has the whole create your own Sonic character that they have in there.
Quickly. Kratos was on the handheld spinoff. That's why we're getting confused.
Because there was a Soul Calibur on the handheld. That's where Kratos was.
I thought he was also on the console.
That's where we're getting confused. Anyway, go ahead.
Anyways, so Sonic Forces, you know, they have the whole thing where you can actually design your own Sonic character to play as in the game.
So now, they have an update. I guess it's free DLC where you can get a Sanic t-shirt for your character.
That's right, Sanic.
But can you get a Princess Zordla shirt?
Nah, Princess Zordla. I'm sorry.
Zordla!
Just the Sanic.
Danky Kang.
Just the Sanic Hedgehog t-shirt. So, that's kind of funny.
What about Patch?
I kind of love how meme-aware the Sonic social media team is.
It's pretty great.
It is pretty funny. At least they can poke fun at themselves.
If only they would be aware that we fucking want PSO2. But hey. Or PSO2, excuse me. But hey.
And in other Sonic news, apparently there has been a new patch that's been created for Sonic 3D Blast.
And this is actually a patch that was developed by, I guess, one of the lead programmers and founders of Traveler's Tales who does the LEGO games now.
And I guess he was one of the original lead programmers as well of the game.
Apparently, yeah, he's in the...
What did he do here?
Because Sonic 3D is a part of the Sonic legacy, and Sonic had a mixed legacy, I'd like to address where I can my part in that.
If I can make Sonic 3D a bit more acceptable to the Sonic fan base within a few days of my time, then great. Why not try it?
So he has a Sonic 3D Blast, or Sonic 3D Blast DX, the director's cut.
I'm not exactly sure what they changed on it to make it better, because I didn't really play a lot of Sonic 3D Blast.
Yeah, that game's kind of hard to get into, honestly. But that's, you know, out of the Sonic games.
So they fixed some of the handling in the game, it looks like. They have a time challenge mode.
They set a better camera.
I guess you can save passwords. There's a level editor.
A crab, I guess, was in a prototype thing.
Difficulty tweaks, options, pallets, a lot of new stuff. So that's kind of cool.
And I'm not sure where you can get the patch, but I'm sure this is the internet. Google it.
Alright, let's talk about some tournament news.
Actually, I've got some updates on Genesis 5, which is a tournament not far from here.
It's going to be in Oakland this year, at the Oakland Convention Center, running January, I think it's 19th through the 21st.
And actually they're saying that the finals, the top 8 finals, will be at the Paramount Theater, which is a real gorgeous concert venue.
I saw Bjork there, back in the day. That was on the Vesper Teen Tour, that's how long ago that was.
But anyway, so that's pretty cool that the Genesis tournament, and not to be confused with Sega Genesis, sorry.
It's actually mostly a fighting game tournament, and they announced that Street Fighter 5 is going to be there, but also some older hits.
And I think this is really cool, including Super Smash Brothers, the original, as well as Melee and Wii U.
DDR Extreme, they're going to have a contest on. That's pretty rad.
Not the newer DDRs, DDR Extreme, the one that we had during that long period.
DDR USA, let's go that far back, or fourth next year.
So these are all additions for Saturday only, Marvel vs. Capcom, Infinite in there too, Pokken, Tournament DX, Act After You Listening.
All those games are going to be there for Genesis, so that's really awesome.
I noticed Splatoon 2 is going to be one of the games they're doing a tournament on as well, so that'll be fun.
Hey, speaking of tournaments, this one caught my eye, another news for this.
January 27th, also in the Bay Area, namely San Jose at Round 1, there's going to be a DDR tournament.
And this is really trying to be like an old school DDR tournament.
They are calling this Freestyle Takeover, is the name of this tournament.
It was just announced, and it was announced of course on 20 November, which was on Monday.
And you can get tickets on Eventbrite, although I believe it's going to be free just to go watch.
But it is $15 to compete, and I think it is a pure freestyle tournament.
I haven't seen anything for, yeah, and it even says in the about,
a devoted community has kept the game alive through technical feats, score-based feats.
Freestyle has laid dominant for years, or dormant, excuse me, dormant for years.
And I know a friend of the show who's been on way back in the day, Mel B, this is who's Facebook that I caught it on,
and I wonder if he's going to do a new freestyle routine all these years later.
It sounds like a lot of these guys that were kind of, you know, well known for freestyling back in the old school days of DDR
in the earlier days of the show, might be dusting them shoes off to do some new freestyle routines.
So this would be a lot of fun. Dark Sakura, maybe we should go find some orange bats.
I still have mine.
Maybe we could enter, I don't know. Anyway, the first thing I said to Mel when I heard about this was,
how can we help here at OLR, because we're still here all these years later.
I would love to go just say hello, and you know, even if maybe we can like donate a prize or something, we'll figure something out.
I'm sure I have like old VRares and stuff that I was never able to give away back in the day.
I could throw into a prize pot or something, so we'll figure that out.
But anyway, I know I'm planning on going. Hopefully my co-host can make a cameo as well.
That'll be the end of next month.
Moving on, Dark Sakura.
Well, there is more coming out for The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild.
Something that's more of a little gift.
But basically, hold on just a second.
Basically, if you duck down and open a chest, Link will throw out a punching animation.
Basically, it's just like a little thing that they've discovered.
It was on the Tips from the Wild news channel.
So it's just a neat thing.
And then in other news, Pokemon Ultra Sun and Moon have a tribute to Satoru Iwata.
Basically, in this particular one, if you visit the Game Freak building while having a gold or silver Pokemon in your party,
they will say that the developers were helped out by an amazing guy.
So there you go.
Yeah, that's a really cute little tribute in the Pokemon games.
I kind of skipped buying them because I never finish Pokemon games.
And I'm waiting for the Switch version at this point.
That's kind of where I'm at.
But I've heard some good feedback on Ultra Sun and Moon.
Maybe I'll change my mind.
I keep hearing it as ultrasound.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out what games are coming out this week.
Although I have a feeling it's going to be really slow, right, Loki?
Yeah, it's definitely slowing down towards the end of the year.
Especially after the first few months of November, it's just dead until March.
So we've got, starting off, Resident Evil Revelations and Resident Evil Revelations 2 on the Nintendo Switch.
Little Witch Academia, Chamber of Time on PlayStation 4.
Siberia 2 on the Nintendo Switch.
The game, Paradise Cruise and Mix on PC and PlayStation 4.
7, The Days Long Gone on PC.
And finally Xenoblade Chronicles 2 on Nintendo Switch.
That's it.
Alright, traveling to Japan on November 30th.
Little Witch Academia Toki no Mahoutou Nanafushi comes out.
There's a new Nobunaga game this week.
Nobunaga no Yabu Taishi comes out on November 30th.
As well as Game Paradise Cruise and Mix.
That same game I think Loki just referenced here in the US.
That is also out in Japan.
Sounds like there's a new Dragon Quest Slime Controller.
Because you can never have enough Dragon Quest Slime Controllers.
On the Vita this week, Uso Suki Shangri-La comes out in a regular and limited edition.
As well as Gakuen Club Himitsu no Night Club.
That's like school club something.
It's always school games, isn't it?
On the Nintendo Switch, guess what?
Nobunaga no Yabu also on the Switch in regular and treasure box editions.
So I'm assuming this is the first Nobunaga game on Switch.
So that's pretty cool.
Biohazard Revelations, which of course means Resident Evil.
The collection and the unveiled edition.
Also out in Japan this week.
And a whole bunch of different accessories and pouches if you are looking to carry your Nintendo Switch in a hip new way.
One more game worth mentioning on the Nintendo 3DS.
Act F, are you listening up?
Kirby Battle Deluxe is out this week on November 30th on the 3DS.
And if you've been holding off on it, Monster Hunter XX gets a price reduction this week.
And maybe Dark Sakura would be interested in the Dragon Ball Extreme Fusion Pack.
Alright, how about the UK Dark Sakura?
Just a couple of things on the 28th.
Black Mirror for Playstation 4 and Xbox One and Game Dev Tycoon for iPad and iPhone.
Black Mirror like the show?
Because that would be pretty awesome if there's a game based on the show.
Yeah, I was actually seeing that on the release chart I was looking at here.
I know they have a new season coming out. I saw the trailer for that.
They do.
Is there something about a reboot of the game?
Gothic Point and Click Adventure Black Mirror is getting a reboot by THQ Nordic.
Oh, well that's not unfortunately what I'm looking at.
No, it is not related to the TV show.
That is kind of interesting though that they have...
That looks kind of neat though.
I'm curious to see what that looks like in motion. It kind of looks like the seventh guest to me.
And some of those things.
Alright, sorry I guess Chat Room is yelling at me.
It's Monster Hunter Double Cross which shows you how long ago I kind of...
I tried to get it to the one on Wii U.
That shows you how little Rob cares.
Well, I don't want to say that because some people are into it.
It's just Monster Hunter Kiss Kiss. That's all it is.
Kiss Kiss. Monster Hunter Kiss Kiss. I like that better.
Alright, let's get to the mailbag.
You guys email us and we try to respond.
Try.
Unless we forget, which I guess is the case with one of our emails this week.
Participate at OrangeOnTrader.com.
This is the place to send your emails.
Let's get to it.
Okay.
Hey, OLR crew, AZHP here.
I'm a bit behind on your podcast.
Due to just recently getting married and being in Japan on my honeymoon, Mazel Tov.
Congrats.
And I wanted to chime in about a story you had on October 23rd about IGN acquiring Humble Bundle.
You all, like many other people, are under the continued assumption that Humble Bundle is still only a bundle portal which has sliders for charity.
I am not under that impression. You are wrong.
Because I know they have a store portal.
I'm just not good at the impression that IGN's evil. That's all.
I think it's been a while. And this was, to be fair to the emailer, this is the one that we forgot to read when it first came in.
And I don't know how we skipped it. So sorry about that.
But I'm trying to remember where we were at.
But yeah, I know they have a storefront because that's one of the things.
I've known this for a while. I've bought games to them before.
But to be fair, I think most people know it from the bundles.
Like, you know, at least that's kind of where it started.
Yeah, but way to assume.
Yeah, well, I don't know. I have to go back and listen to the episode.
It's very possible we were focusing on that element of it.
Anyway, the truth is Humble Bundle has for some time been a straight up video game storefront similar to Steam and Origin.
IGN is likely buying them because they see future in the storefront and the publishing arm, not in the charity bundle aspect.
Loki also mentioned that there were potential conflicts of interest arising from Humble Bundle published games being reviewed by IGN as a publication.
While this is a valid concern, as a former employee I will be the first to say that IGN had scummy business practices as all hell.
The editors took their job seriously and didn't let publishers and marketing teams strong arm them in deducing review scores for the sake of the deal.
It's been five or so years since I've been there. They could certainly have changed, but I don't see a cause for concern there.
I know I made it. Loki's like, was that the cat? No, that was me making a nervous noise because I don't.
OK, no, I appreciate the honest insight. I just.
It's very blunt feedback, that's all I'm saying.
Nobody said that while they had scummy practices, their editing was serious.
OK, and they they gave fair reviews.
That's fair. So I also found it funny that Loki said it would be like if Fox News bought Humble Bundle and that'd be pretty sketchy.
I don't know if you all were aware, but Fox News did in fact own IGN for a significant period of time.
Yes, I'm well aware of that. And Rupert Murdoch was totally signing our paychecks.
Yes, I'm well aware of that. Wow, I forgot.
However, this influence only extended as far as the upper management treating employees mercilessly.
Working passionate people, thankless, long hours and canning them when they were no longer needed and never manifesting as any sort of spin that was required for articles and reviews.
You know, I hate to say it because this is going to sound really just like like I don't care, unempathetic.
But like, isn't that the like entirety of the game industry?
Not I'm not saying it's right, but I'm just saying, like, unfortunately, I hear this about a lot of places.
I guess it really comes down to where do people feel valued and where do they not?
Most of the editors I was friends with were free thinking, free spirited people through and through and would certainly not have been there if they were forced to spend things in the way that Fox News was.
Anyway, that was a bit of a ramble and I apologize, but those are my two cents on a Humble Bundle acquisition.
As someone who used to work for IGN and has a somewhat jaded view on the matter, yours truly AZHP.
Well, I'm sorry that we missed your email, but we didn't miss the second version.
Thank you for that very blunt and candid feedback.
I like blunt.
No, I mean, don't get me wrong. I like it.
I just, you know.
I don't censor anything unless you say something shitty.
And that's like actually.
Or if the person says don't read this on air, we usually are not going to do that.
Well, you know.
So we have another email that came through the site.
I've been listening for the last few years. I've enjoyed the show during my commute.
Thanks for the great show. I was wondering if there's a game you've been given crap for liking.
I was recently playing games with my friends the other day and they were roasting me for being a fan of the Kingdom Hearts games because of this cringe worthy writing.
Has this happened to you before? This is signed by Chris.
I generally like awesome games, so no.
I mean, most of us, we all kind of like a lot of the same stuff.
Let me give you an example. Are there any MMOs you've been playing recently, Jamie?
Girl.
No. Are there any MMOs you've been playing recently?
No, actually.
Really? Nothing?
Because I haven't re-upped on the two and I'm not playing Ragnarok online.
Addict.
I haven't touched it.
I was trying to set her up for an addict joke, but then she had to dodge all over that question.
Well, because I really wasn't playing anything.
I know, but that's usually us giving each other shit.
Wouldn't it be great if we had an Animal Crossing MMO for reals?
That's what they could do on the Switch.
They could, but are they? No.
No, I'm not going to hold my breath.
Bitches.
An MMO on a Nintendo platform.
Hey, it will be fucking noteworthy if it ever does happen. Just saying.
We'll give it ten years.
Oh, yeah. Thank you, Bobby. I should have just got her to talk about Mass Effect.
Then I could have said Addict.
Mass Effect is free.
How many followers does your Tumblr have now?
1,100.
Addict.
No, no, no, serious. No, that's not me being added.
That's people being addicted to my product.
I'm going to get Mr...
They have the demand.
Eight plus quality alien penis.
I have to get more followers for Mr. Smoosh on Instagram.
I'm just kidding.
Mr. Smoosh will smoosh the competition.
All you have to do is be as witty as I am.
I don't know if I can do that.
So, games that we get shit for liking.
Probably my cell phone stuff, like Ingress and Pokemon Go.
I definitely...
What was that one game...
I've been given shit for both of those.
That we were building the apartments in?
Tiny Tower?
Tiny Tower.
Oh, yeah.
That one for a bit.
That came up last week.
Did that come up on the show last week?
I was just talking about that game like a week ago.
Maybe.
Anyway.
There's been other games I'm sure we have...
Dance Sense Revolution.
Oh, yeah.
That might be one too.
People did kind of give us shit for President Cat even though we never actually played it
unless we were Loki.
Remember that totally fucking passive aggressive article some website wrote about the whole
President Cat campaign about like, well, internet campaigns don't usually translate into good
business sense.
And look at the President now.
Wouldn't you rather have a cat as the President?
I mean, come on.
A cat taking a shit would do a better job than the garbage we have now.
Mr. Smoosh, please sneeze so that you can do a better job than number 45.
Alright, anyway.
Thank you, President Smoosh.
That's the sequel.
President Cat followed by President Smoosh.
Loki, what about you?
Surely there's nothing you play that people give you shit for playing.
That your wife has ever given you shit for playing.
That's like everything.
There's nothing that my wife doesn't give me shit about enough.
We give Loki shit for never finishing his own game.
That's true.
And I haven't really worked on game development.
I've been thinking about working on game development.
That's been my conflict, but I just haven't done that.
I don't know.
I guess one game I like that not a lot of people like would be Earth Defense Force.
I like those games.
I mean, if you objectively look at them, they're kind of crap.
I don't know.
But people don't really give me crap about playing games.
I don't know.
Who would do that?
I just get crap for not making my own game.
Which, yeah, that's fair enough.
I have a legit answer for this.
A game that I get shit for liking.
Because everybody wants to shit on this game and call it one of the worst 8-bit games that they ever made.
I don't think this game is as bad as people say it is.
Friday the 13th.
I don't think it was a great game.
It wasn't great.
But I remember it was certainly one of the first games I remember having legit jump scares at.
When you're in that fucking house and you turn a corner and then
Bong, bong, bong, bong.
And fluorescent Jason, is there a way to cut a bitch?
That shit was scary.
I gave my friend Julie shit for liking Mylon's Secret Castle.
I fucking owned Mylon's Secret Castle. You apologized to Julie.
Well, no, it's just because I didn't like that there was no way to continue.
But I would have games that I would just sit and leave my Nintendo on all night and pray I didn't set the house on fire.
That's how you had to do it back in the day.
I used to do it too so my mom couldn't see it was on.
I would have a blanket over the Nintendo or something.
Because that'll make it less hot.
Yeah, but like when you're like nine, you're not critical.
I'd just prop up a cartridge in front of it.
Or a cutout of a box.
I don't remember those NES's getting that hot.
I remember it was at the pocket station.
You know, it had limited battery life.
But I think if you plugged it into your Playstation or whatever, it would still play itself.
And so I'd leave that in there overnight for days.
And then come back and have all these items.
People would give me shit about the money I would spend on games.
Thank you, Doomplague.
That game is underappreciated.
I mean, it's not a good game, but it was ahead of its time in some ways.
And Dark Tetsuya says,
Rygar, I tried to beat that in one sitting.
I remember staying up late with my uncle trying to get to the end in one go.
It always blew me away.
Like, how fucking different the NES Rygar and the arcade Rygar are.
They are like two completely different games.
It's like Strider.
Well, but you know Strider is based off of the manga.
One's the manga, one's the arcade.
Yeah.
But I think the biggest shit people would give me was for the money I spent on them.
The very first import game I ever bought, I paid $110 for.
And that was to get the Sailor Moon S fighting game.
That I learned how to mod my game genie so that I could do the chibi moon butt attack.
I'm gonna wait for the emails this week giving me shit about how much I confessed to spending on Pokemon Go this week.
Girl.
I spent $90 on the Rival Schools Evolution release that came out.
You remember that one?
I don't.
It had like the school life dating sim.
I just remember the Dreamcast game you owned with the fucking dish.
That blows me away.
Okay.
You bought a game with a dish.
And it wasn't even that great.
It was the Cardcaptor Sakura game and I thought it was gonna be like Pokemon Snap with Cardcaptor Sakura.
And it kind of was but it sucked.
Cuz you, oh crap, why can't I remember her name?
Her little friend.
The cute little girl that makes all of her costumes.
You're asking the wrong person.
Ugh.
I can't remember.
More of a Ranma question I would think.
S2100 Matt in chat says, uh, Dr. Seuss is Kuro?
No, not Kero-chan.
S2100 Matt says, I think people got a ton of shit for playing Runescape.
Tomoyo.
Back in the day.
Tomoyo.
Do you know how many people get shit for playing WoW?
Anyway.
I played Gemstone.
Gemstone 3.
But anyway.
Why don't you stop giving everybody shit and learn from your friends?
We have another email.
Oh, okay.
Um, this comes from Robert M.
Just seeing how you're doing.
I was taken by surprise Tuesday morning when Animal Crossing Pocket Camp launched.
I'm having frequent connection issues which are hopefully server side.
Launch window jitters.
Certainly having fun with it.
And yes, that should have been resolved by now.
I haven't had any disconnects.
Oh yeah, we actually, we never got around to it.
We never got around to it, but it was, uh, the link in the kickoff story was about those issues.
Nintendo did apologize for it and they changed the timing of some things and gave everybody 20 leaf tickets.
How about that?
Alright.
Woo! 20 tickets!
That'll buy you an extra storage slot.
Can you give us our virtual console?
Also, I see the Transformer site I follow has news on an upcoming crossover with Street Fighter.
Yes, these are exciting figure, uh, existing figures redecode as characters from the game.
A deluxe-sized two-pack of Generations RC is Chun-Li with Titan's return Hot Rod as Ken.
Then a Voyager set of, uh, TR Optimus Prime slash Convoy as Ryu versus, uh, TR Megatron as M. Bison's Las Vegas.
These are, from what I gathered, limited edition Japanese releases from Takara Tomy.
I looked at the Chun-Li and I'm like, shit, why didn't I buy an RC?
The only thing that I would really want would be another Hot Rod to add to my collection of 50 million other Hot Rods.
I think I have, like, three Rodimus Primes and seven Hot Rods from various collections.
So, it'd have to go to my collection.
And Dan would be like, oh, it's Ken, that's cool.
Um, P.S. I do sometimes pronounce the merch company as Ta-Takerotemi.
Okay, but Takara Tomy, anyway.
Um, like a surgical procedure, but only in jest.
We say silly things sometimes, like, don't we always call Squarey-
Oh, he's saying Ta-ka-rota-me, like it would be a surgical pr- that's funny, huh.
Takara-ta-me.
Takara-ta-me.
I don't know.
Ta-pa-ra-ma-nee. I don't know.
Um, I- I've probably spent a lot of money at HobbyLink Japan when I was in the height of my-
I need every single Hot Rod figure that's- I've got, like, a Canadian one, Ab-Japanese one-
Responsible income is awesome. I don't need to save.
Well, this- actually, I bought- my Hot Rod collection comes from spite.
Because, when I was a kid, my mother, and she'll deny it to this day, she's like, girls don't play with Transformers, I'll get you another Barbie.
Mother, I need to see Optimus Prime die, you don't understand.
You don't need to go see that boys movie.
So I snuck to go see it anyway.
Of course you did.
And I sobbed.
And then I was like, fucking A, Hot Rod's cool.
And that also kind of started my obsession with, um, uh, what's this fuck?
Great, now I can see him in the Breakfast Club and I can't think of his name.
Emilio Estevez?
No, not Emilio Estevez.
Judd Nelson?
Judd Nelson.
Judd Nelson was Hot Rod's voice.
Also, Orson- that was Orson Welles' last role was Unicron in that movie.
Leonard Nimoy-
I'm sorry, but that is just the quintessential Jamie growing up story.
Leonard Nimoy was in that too.
Yes, I did.
As Galvatron.
Yes.
But anyway, yes.
So I, as an adult, I had a whole shitload of Transformers and a bunch of Hot Rods.
I have, like, a couple of Starscreams and we have all the Binaltech- a lot of the Binaltech ones.
All my stuff- now, see, I was not, you know, don't bring your stereotypes into this because
I was not into Barbies or any of that stuff.
I was always into the very, like, Lego- I'm into all the stuff that Loki's into now.
That was the stuff I was into when I was a kid.
Legos, especially.
Uh, constructs.
Tinkertoys were the shit.
My grandma had- I don't know if you ever saw these, but she had Tinkertoys that were, like,
adult-sized Tinkertoys.
Oh, shit.
That's cool!
Like, they had, like, the largest polar they had was, like, a good four or five feet long.
And, like, the plast- like, the actual piece- the little round wood things that you plug
them into were, like, the size of, I don't know, like, a small wheelbarrow tire or something like that.
Oh, that's cool.
It was, like, we used to build, like, Fords out of that shit.
Or just use the large green pieces as, like, bow staffs because we pretended that it shows.
Do they still make Tinkertoys?
Or is that-
They have-
It's probably cheap-ass-
It's all plastic.
Fuck-ass plastic.
It's plastic shit.
No, no, no, no.
Tinkertoys are made of wood.
But, when I was a kid, though, I also really super-loved Lincoln Logs.
And I would combine my Lincoln Logs and Tinkertoys to make, like, this elaborate death trap for
all my Barbies.
I'll show you playing with Barbies.
Do you wanna play a game?
And no one- and no one could come in my room because these labyrinths would spawn-
The minute the door opened, an elaborate death trap would behead Barbie.
Up on the bed.
And, finally, I think just, like, they got, you know, broken and thrown away because I
kept, you know, making it unsafe to navigate my bedroom.
But my all-time favorite was Domino Rally.
Yes, yes, yes.
They sell that now.
They do.
Dirt is dirt fucking cheap.
I almost bought it.
And I was like, Rob, you don't have kids.
You know what else is-
Who cares?
Who cares?
What else is also cheap?
Like, I remember, like, back when I had, like, uh, K'Nex or whatever, and I only really had
one set of that, but, like, I remember the K'Nex roller coasters were, like, so fucking,
like, expensive and elaborate.
Now they're so cheap.
And Mouse Trap was the best board game ever.
Yeah, that was pretty fun.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Alright.
Uh.
That's it for emails.
That's it for emails.
Boy, did we get on some tangents with those emails tonight.
Okay.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you wanna send this show into a Barbie death trap
spiral.
In the meantime-
I was just an imaginative, creative child.
Yes you were.
Yes you were.
Alright, let's get into some other gaming news.
Speaking of robots, right, Loki?
Yes.
Ironically enough, I am looking at a picture of a robot, but, um, not anything to do with
this article.
So, um, Valve is changing the way their review system works.
The stop from, um, having bots basically manipulate that system.
So, they've, I guess, having a problem with, I guess, um, bot brigade- bot brigading on
certain games.
And, um, including, I guess, anti-review bomb charts and stuff like that that they've added,
um, in recent updates.
But now they're kind of trying to do some additional stuff with that.
First, of course, they've acknowledged saying that, you know, basically that there's a small
group to manipulate reviews to a degree that is clearly decreasing the value of Steam for
many other players.
And to solve this problem, they're doing a couple things.
First, the helpful ratings from the accounts, um, that are far outside the norm will be
weighed differently than those of regular, presumably human users.
Accounts that rate an excessive number of reviews on games will see the weight of each
review rating count for less and less.
Um, that's kind of lame if they- if there's someone that's actually reviewing games.
I would think that- can you review games that you don't buy on Steam?
I think you used to be able to, but not anymore.
If you're gifted the code, then it actually puts a disclaimer by your little review that says
a code was provided by the publisher or something like that.
So that whole like disclaimer is up front.
I don't believe you can review a game that you haven't played because it also shows right
underneath it how many hours you've put into the game.
True.
Let me ask this question.
I just want to ask this general question of our chat room.
Have you ever been influenced on buying a video game or not based on like user reviews
on Steam?
Have you really?
Well, yeah, because like, especially like if I'm looking to purchase a game and I see
a bunch of negative reviews for it and I start reading them and it's like, oh yeah,
the DRM is causing issues of the game or blah, blah, blah is causing issues of the game.
Like for example, South Park, you know, of this fractured butthole on PC is kind of broken,
I think, unless they've patched that recently.
But it came out kind of broken because of the DRM in there and is buggy.
And so that's one of the reasons I guess I didn't purchase it on Steam.
But it's good to know those kind of things are like, you know, other issues where, you
know, the performance might not be as good or especially games I'm not familiar with
and I may see something like, oh, that looks really cool.
And I read the reviews and there's usually I read more like in depth to see what they're
trying to say and see if there's a common consensus across them.
If it's just like, all right, fucking hate this.
You know, there's a lot of people that will just hate on anything.
So it's hard to say.
Let's see.
Comments from chat.
SSG100Matt says, sounds like this is mostly to curb downvote protests.
Oh, for sure.
Absolutely.
Other comments from chat asking or answering my question about, do you get swayed by these?
I'm actually kind of surprised.
It sounds like most people are saying yes.
JD says, yeah, sometimes.
MegaManX400 says, if the user reviews are overwhelmingly poor, then yes.
Fifth Dream says, yes, if people say it's technically shit or really, really crappy.
MXC says, I'll look at Steam reviews to gauge how long a game is.
Don't have time for a lot of super long stuff, so I generally seek out shorter titles.
Interesting.
SquatchKilla says, I use reviews on new games mostly.
If they get bad reviews, I might buy them later discounted.
So weighing if this is a buy it now or wait for a Steam sale sort of situation.
So, wow, I guess I'm different in that regard.
I will use user reviews like friends on Twitter, people I know,
but I tend not to let randos on Steam influence my decision
because I know all these fucking campaigns are run all the time.
Right.
I was actually kind of surprised to see a lot of you do use that.
Now I feel weird.
Well, why do you feel weird about it?
No, I don't know.
I thought everybody kind of took the Yelp approach to Steam
where it's like, oh, you're only ever going to read the bad stuff.
That's how Yelp is to me.
Like you either somebody went to Yelp because they're like,
no, I have 300 friends on my Facebook.
I'm going to slander your company to me and, you know,
write something negative on Facebook or Yelp or whatever.
Or it's the fucking owner's friend and they wrote a five star review.
Like you very rarely find the honest shit in between on those sites.
So like I don't pay attention to a lot of those, that stuff.
And so I kind of have that attitude with video games.
I'm like everything is either a hundred percent or zero percent
and it's never truly in between.
But again, it's personal.
I'm not, you know, that's why I asked the question.
I wanted to see what you guys kind of did with that.
So let's see.
Oh, SSU100Matt in chat says, I wrote a negative Yelp review on a mechanic
and I got bribed to take it down by the shop.
See, I use Yelp to find places that are open
because they have business hours listed in there.
That's the most I use Yelp for.
I don't read reviews anymore.
There's too much fuckery that goes on.
Well, not always because like my wife left a negative Yelp review yesterday
for Chinese places that we went to.
And she looked at it, you know, because I guess the food,
we've been there before and the food's been good.
And then lately she got it and like they were skimping on all the like meat
and then the like shrimp that she took a bite of the shrimp in the soup.
She's like, ah, that shrimp is not good, you know?
And she called up to let them know, hey, your shrimp is probably bad.
They no apology, not even concerned.
They're just like me and just like kind of brushed her off.
And she's like, well, I'm going to leave a review then.
And like last six months, there's been a ton of negative reviews from place
probably because it's like on our new ownership or something.
So it's good to kind of gauge it.
But yeah, I mean, people were only right views
if they have something negative to say for the most part.
I mean, so I don't know.
So I always take that stuff with a grain of salt.
That's just, that's just me.
Anyway, uh, let's move on.
As Joe and Matt wanted to make it clear, I didn't take the bait.
All right. All right. All right.
Let's move on.
Oh, hey, I actually have news to talk about in Pokemon Go,
even though I think we've kind of already addressed this.
But if you didn't know, there was this big event going on in Pokemon Go
called the Global Catch Challenge, where basically Niantic was daring you
to catch 3 billion Pokemon in a week.
And did they do it? Yes, they did.
So the players of Pokemon Go did catch 3 billion Pokemon,
which unlocked Double XP, Double Stardust for, I think, till December 1st.
And the biggest one of all, Farfetch'd, the bird that's carrying the leak,
has been unleashed worldwide for 48 hours.
So that means you have about 24 more hours to catch a Farfetch'd
if you haven't already got one.
And they, they have been spawning on my house.
So maybe I'm checking right now. Yeah.
Yeah. I checked my house.
I'm not going to go out to try to catch one, but you know.
But if you do, you only have 24 more hours to do it.
But they're, they're not, at least I know I'm not sleeping.
They're not terribly hard to find.
Like they are, they're spawning about as common as, as the, uh,
Shuppets on like those dust skulls were fucking everywhere.
The Shuppets were plentiful, but not everywhere.
That's kind of where Farfetch'd is at.
I just caught a Pikachu.
Well, Pikachu spawn on my house all the time.
I don't know why.
He's on a Pikachu nest.
No, but it's not even a nest because nests rotate.
Right.
So I don't know what it is.
They must know that nerds live here.
So we get Pikachu all the time.
So there you go.
Maybe that's my reward for playing so much fucking Ingress in Pokemon Go.
Niantic knows me personally.
And puts Pikachu on my house.
That's my little.
This is Rob's house and we're going to put all the Pikas there.
If that's good, how about a fucking shiny Pikachu then?
Cause that's the one thing I don't have.
Are there shinies?
Yeah, they have like a gray thing on their tail instead of it being like black.
Very few.
Uh, Pikachu has a shiny in Pokemon Go.
That is in the regular series.
Obviously most everything does with some exceptions.
Uh, in Pokemon Go, the gen three Halloween all have shinies.
So, Shuppet, Duskull, and, um, Sableye.
Uh, Pikachu has a shiny.
Magikarp has a shiny.
I think that's it.
I feel like there might be one other I'm forgetting.
But those are all the shinies that exist in the game right now.
So.
Alright.
Uh, but there you go.
So Farfetch'd was unlocked.
And, um, oh, it wasn't just Farfetch'd because now if you lived in East Asia, Japan,
where Farfetch'd was your local Pokemon, you'd feel pretty screwed that the whole world got, you know, your Pokemon.
Well, they got Kangaskhan in exchange, which was the Australia exclusive.
So, they, Asia got some of this too so that they got something that was new to them.
So, there you go.
Although, if you were lucky enough to be in Anaheim for Pokemon Worlds, you may also have a Kangaskhan living in the US.
So, the only one that has not been released in the US at this point is Mr. Mime.
So, we'll see.
Alright.
Mr. Mime!
Okay.
Not Mr. Smoosh, but Mr. Mime.
Mr. Smoosh is cuter.
That's right.
Mr. Smoosh is way cuter and so-
We like his little face.
A few more stories before we open up the Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
If you have the Skype app, you can just add Orange Lounge Radio and give us a call in a little bit.
Or, of course, the desktop version works too.
And I think it's like fucking built into Windows 10, isn't it, so everybody has Skype.
Yes.
You can't really-
Guess who's not on Windows?
Your Xbox has it.
Sorry.
I meant to set up the laptop.
I haven't forgotten.
I just-
That actually wasn't a read on that whole thing.
I forgot about that too.
I know.
Alright.
Anyhow.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Number one, people need to stop posting articles about cookie butter.
Did you know that that's like the Oreo flavor right now is cookie butter Oreos?
What?
It's a cookie already.
You don't need cookie butter.
No, cookie butter is fucking magical.
My favorite was when Oreo had the cookies and cream flavored Oreo.
I was like, did they feed the cow beef?
It's meta Oreo.
Anyway.
I heard you like Oreos.
Here's your Oreo in your Oreo.
This is why I love our chat room.
Like I said earlier in the show-
Did anyone buy any Prongles during the break?
Once you pop, that's great.
No.
So, this is why I love our chatters.
Even though I said earlier in the show, we'll never be famous, but we have a great turnout here.
Is because everybody's like, oh no, cookie butter is serious shit.
Cookie butter is the shit.
And fifth dream ask, is cookie butter a white person thing?
I don't know.
Cookie butter has been out in Europe for quite a while.
It's from Belgium.
It's called Speculoos along with our, what was the other thing from Belgium that we had?
The Stroke Waffle.
But it's basically just this buttery, delicious cookie paste.
By the way, can we talk about Stroke Waffle for a minute?
Stroke Waffle.
Because, yeah, I know I mispronounced it, but I don't care.
I opened the mail this week and I have a big envelope in the mail and it's kind of thick.
I'm like, what the hell did somebody send me in the mail?
And it's from Ranma, our good pal Ranma who calls into the show frequently.
And I'm like, what the hell is this?
And so I open it up, I open up the first envelope, there's another envelope inside it.
And I'm like, I swear to God, this is one of the things where you keep like, it's like the Russian dolls.
You keep opening the box and I get to the middle and there's just a middle finger printed out on it.
I'm gonna be so mad. I'm gonna fly out to New York and beat him up.
But it was a much better ending.
So inside the second envelope were tiny little miniature Stroke Waffles that I think he got in, still in the wrapper,
that I think he got at some anime convention or someplace that he was at.
He fucking mailed me Stroke Waffles.
And again, this is why I love our listeners, especially Ranma.
Well, I told you my friend in Belgium who I met through Dragon Age fan fiction.
We did a food exchange. I sent her Pop-Tarts and she sent me like the packaged sugar waffles.
That's what they fucking want in Europe and Netherlands and everything on the other side of the pond.
They want the fucking Pop-Tarts.
I sent like Orange Crush Pop-Tarts.
Well, yeah, because they don't have anything but like strawberry and blueberry.
We have all the weird shit.
I basically sent a gift of diabetes.
Anyway.
So, story.
Oh, yes. Where were we?
Super Nintendo World!
So there's a few more details for Universal Studios in Florida.
The area for the Super Nintendo World is going to be 8.8 acres in size
and will be built behind Simpsons Land in where currently the kid zone is.
The E.T. ride will stay there.
There will be 48 toilets in total.
It will take about 3 years to build.
And it will be open sometime just after Japan's Universal Studios Nintendo Park opens.
There are sections mentioned for Donkey Kong and Mario Kart.
Both of which will be in both parks.
So, um.
Yes, act deft.
I still would like some Not Nutella Oreos again, please.
Theme park.
I'm not going to be able to eat this stuff before too long.
I know.
Sad face.
Give me all the candy!
So there was also a Twitter post by Chip Scambis.
Who, um, I don't know where he factors into it.
Maybe he is.
He is a designer at Universal.
And he was saying that they are going to do a dining area with a total seating capacity of 365 seats as well.
What kind of Nintendo food?
Are they going to bring back Nintendo cereal?
I'm fucking there if I can go buy Nintendo cereal at one of the food carts.
What if we have conga churros?
What if...
What if they did banana lumpia?
What if they did those milkshakes, but instead of Froot Loops or whatever, they put Nintendo cereal in it?
Or what if they have Star Cupcakes?
But no, what if they just did banana milkshakes?
Anyway.
Donkey Kong banana milkshakes.
Banana milkshakes are the fucking best.
It doesn't matter what we talk about. It just evolves into food.
But those maple cookies were good.
Yes, they were.
Okay. That's it.
Well, when are they going to...
When are they going to, excuse me, open this place? I want to go.
I didn't find that.
They said it was a few years.
They said it should take about three years to construct.
Don't die, please.
I think the last thing I read was Japan is supposed to have theirs just before the Olympics in 2020.
And then everybody else gets theirs shortly after, so that wouldn't surprise me.
Yeah.
Don't die, Rob.
Just a few more stories and then we'll get to the Skype line. Loki.
Alright. So apparently, there's more Kickstarter shenanigans.
So there's a developer of this game called Project Phoenix.
I guess the director of that is being accused of embezzling one million dollars from the Kickstarter campaign.
So apparently, yes, it starts off with the game developer, Tariq Lacy,
has accused the director, Hiroaki Yura, of stealing money from the Kickstarter of Project Phoenix to fund his latest game, Tiny Metal.
And basically saying that the...
And of course, Yura is making his own allegations saying that, you know, Lacy is accusing Lacy of sexual harassment, which of course they deny.
And it's basically back and forth and that type of thing.
So there is... I guess this has been quite a long project.
It first popped up in 2013.
And I guess since then, you know, it's raised over one million dollars from about 15... almost 16,000 backers.
And then 2015, so the game would be delayed for another three years.
And in April 2017, told the backers that he planned to release a different game first.
He explained that he had found some investors who would be willing to help back Project Phoenix if his new game succeeded.
And that new game was Tiny Metal, which I guess is scheduled to release December 21st.
And now, of course, you know, it just seems like this stuff keeps getting pushed back and pushed back.
So he went and turned to Facebook to basically kind of accuse Yura's company of running a scam.
So basically said, two months after I was hired to Area 35, I had learned that the company funded this project by running a scam through Kickstarter.
They gathered several famous creators and ran a campaign known as Project Phoenix, then used the one million dollars received from the campaign to fund Tiny Metal project.
Here's how it happened. After they received the Kickstarter money for Project Phoenix, they shut down the original company, Creative Intelligent Arts, or CIA,
and then used the same money to establish Area 35 and pay for staff equipment and the office to make Tiny Metal.
And I guess the company's CEO asked me to deflect any accusations that this money was from any other companies or other than private investors.
In actuality, Hiroaki only dipped into his own funds and asked for money from private investors after funding what he had secured for Tiny Metal was running low.
I don't know. This is kind of why I stay away from Kickstarter.
This is why, yeah, I'm kind of like over Kickstarter at this point, which is a bummer because there's a lot of people out there that are using it legitimately.
But there's just, there's too much fuckery going. This is the theme of the night, fuckery. There's too much fuckery going on on Kickstarter, kind of like this stuff.
I want to just quickly say dungeonbuster in our chat at live.fognetwork.com says, just for context, Divinity Original Sin and its sequel have been released in the time Project Phoenix Kickstarter started, ended, and ran into problems, and is still not done.
I'm still waiting for blood-stained ritual tonight.
True, but we at least have seen something playable of that.
Yeah, and I know I'm not going to get swindled on that, but it's like, you know, we sometimes forget when we back these Kickstarters.
It takes a long fucking time to make a video game, don't it, Loki?
Well, it helps if you're actually working on the game.
It sure does, yes.
It sure does. Or know which game you're actually working on because, you know, there's that too.
Anyway, we're about to open up the Skype line. Give us a call if you want.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, and you can talk to us about anything we've talked about tonight, or maybe you have something different.
While we wait for some calls to come in, I got one more story for you guys here.
Oh god, it's another loot box story, but this one is very tongue-in-cheek. I like this.
It's a mod for the original Doom that turns it into Doom with loot boxes.
It's a tongue-in-cheek third-party mod that makes some adjustments to gameplay.
It removes weapons and power-ups on the map, and you get a UAC crate instead.
To open the crate, you need a key, which you have a chance of obtaining randomly with every enemy kill, or, of course, you can go into the shop and buy keys.
Although, since the whole thing is a joke, it just says the servers are down if you try to actually buy any particular key, and that's it.
So, there you go. So, with the keys that you can find, rarely you might get a shotgun, but you probably won't get that rocket launcher or BFG or the stuff you really need to beat Doom.
Anyway, there's a popular YouTube video showing this off out there by a user from ZDoomForums.
The username is stronkytonky is the user that put out this YouTube video where you can see him just get really frustrated at this.
He does finally find 10 keys after 600 kills.
Anyway, obviously the whole thing is supposed to be very tongue-in-cheek and a parody of the whole loot box thing, but it does kind of make you wonder,
God, where could this industry be right now if people had figured this out a while ago?
I guess we should be thankful that the 14.4K modem speeds we had back in the day that Doom was released, probably not fast enough to run loot boxes.
Well, here's the other thing, too, since we're talking about loot boxes.
So, there was an article that was on Polygon talking about Battlefront 2, and so what's going on with Battlefront 2 now?
People are AFK grinding this stuff, and so they're doing-
Oh, yeah, so somebody built like a contraption.
Yeah, there's a few things. So, there's someone that built it like a robot to kind of push buttons and move the stick and stuff like that randomly.
And then there's just people that are using rubber bands to move the analog sticks so that they run around in a circle or something like that.
And so, yeah, that's got to hurt the game as well because now people are basically just doing that, and you're getting in games with people that are AFK, and so that kind of sucks.
So, of course people are going to cheat the system like that because they feel it's unfair.
Well, and now, I mean, for better or for worse, depending on your opinions on this whole thing, Battlefront 2 has become like the kick box.
The dead horse?
Yeah, just the thing that everybody just beats up on as the symbol of-
The scapegoat.
Yeah, the scapegoat. The goat simulator.
Hey, goat simulator is awesome.
No, yeah, goat simulator is awesome, but I think of some of those scenes of goat simulator with the goat flinging through the air with those rubber band physics and stuff.
That's what EA's Battlefront game has become with this whole loot box thing is it's now everybody's kicking boy or whatever. What do they call it? Kicking dog? I don't know.
Whipping boy.
Whipping boy. That's it. Whipping boy is what this game has become. So, I mean, of course everybody's going to try to exploit it.
If you want to exploit our Skype line, OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word, you can give us a call right now. I'll check in with Loki, see if he has any other last minute stories.
This was kind of a slower news week.
Yeah, I don't.
I'm kind of surprised we filled the show.
There's all the different sales. I didn't pick anything up on the Steam sales, although I was tempted to, but I've already bought enough games recently.
This is the first year I'm like, or the first sale. I'm not really motivated to finish the badge either. Like you have to go in and nominate a game in any, every category and they're meaningless awards. And I'm just like, eh.
I picked up a couple, but I forgot what I got.
I haven't bought anything. I don't know. I need to go back and look at the list.
Ooh, I got picked for a Valve hardware survey. Ooh.
Are they going to send you a free Steam box?
Probably not. I already have one.
They started, they practically started giving those things away at some point.
I paid five for mine. Yeah.
I got mine for a dollar.
I don't want to tell you how much I paid for mine.
I'd buy that for a dollar and I did.
I got you your controller.
I know. Yes, but I love the controller. The controller has that whole haptic feedback thing, which is in this phone too. And I love it.
It's been in my phone for an age.
Well, wait.
It came out with a 6s.
With a 6s.
But the controller I have for my Apple TV, though, is crap. Now I can't think of what it's called either.
But it's a really good controller and I want to see if it'll work with our Steam link because I have a few games on there that I want to start playing now.
That'll be fun.
I'll have to look up what I have.
Yeah, I haven't got a chance to hook up my Steam link yet. Maybe I'll leave that this week because I was going to use it now for media streaming since we have in our little box.
My wife was teasing me this week. She was like, oh, we can go get a 4K TV this week if you want. I'm like, okay.
Well, the ones she was looking at really cheap. I was like, it needs to have HDR and all that stuff.
And I'm like, man, if we get a 4K TV, then I've got to get PlayStation Pro and stuff like that.
I don't want to spend that money.
By the way, I have the SteelSeries Nimbus wireless gaming controller.
I also have a SteelSeries controller.
It is fairly comfortable.
I do not.
When do I get mine?
Well, they're basically like an Xbox 360 controller.
That's cool.
But I think it feels a lot better put together. It's got a bit more heft in the hand, you know?
Yes.
Well, gosh, some folks in chat are talking about should be doing a live stream of the Doom loot box thing.
I wish I'd thought of that before the show. That would've been a fun live stream to do tonight.
I am going to do a live stream after the show tonight.
I'm going to do my first time playing.
I bought it earlier today because I knew I would buy it eventually.
My first time playing Rocket League on Switch, which for those counting, this is now the third time.
No, actually, I take that back.
It's only the first time I've bought it.
It's the third version I own, but it's the first time I've bought it because it was free on PlayStation Plus.
It was gifted to me on Steam, so I bought it on Switch.
So, yeah, I'm going to check out Rocket League after the show.
So you can check that out on my Twitch channel over at Rob Roberts.
I bought another $4 Switch game, too, and I might get into playing that as well.
So we'll see. We'll do that.
My kids, by the way, created their own YouTube channel.
Did they really? Let me just put one more call for calls.
I don't know if the Skype line is broken. I don't see anybody in chat complaining.
But Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
I'm getting set up to start vlogging.
See, that blows my mind because you haven't wanted to do video.
Because I can adjust the camera angle on my own vlog.
I will put the camera. You can do whatever you want with it here.
We'll see.
All right. Okay.
But I have a plan for how I want to do it, so it's basically things will happen.
You totally need to go the route of Gendo, where he's just sitting there with the silhouette and the shine on his glasses.
That's the way you need to do it.
I could do that.
It's Gendo.
All right. Well, our Skype line is not lighting up tonight.
I think we might. I mean, I don't check live listener numbers because I don't obsess over things like that anymore.
But I could look at people that are checking in over at the Voice Geeks Network at vognetwork.com.
Because we have a system, kind of like Foursquare used to be, where you can actually check into shows and you get points.
And you even get loot, not loot boxes, but loot.
Just fun things for your vog network profile and stuff.
And so I see, actually, we have more people checked in tonight than our last episode.
But not as many as two weeks ago, or two shows ago.
Did you know this?
I would assume the holiday weekend where I just have a lower turnout.
Did you know that Nier Automata is one of the games on the Steam sale right now?
40% off?
How much then?
That makes it $35.99.
I hear a lot of good things about that game.
I'm considering it, but I just had my hair done.
That's like Game of the Year level game.
But Okami HD is also $20. It's not on sale, but it's just $20.
There's another game, though, that's been kind of catching my interest.
And I'm sure it's just pronounced Valhalla, but it's VA11 Hall A.
Cyberpunk Bartender Action.
The ROM 2064 guys support that a lot.
Yeah, I've been considering getting that one.
So if anyone's playing it, let me know what you think of it.
Apparently I was looking at a page called Deep Space Waifu on Steam.
I don't remember, I saw a link to that, but it's like 99 cents.
And it kind of looks like it's a SHMUP game.
It's like a SHMUP game with anime babes or something.
Of course, because why not?
I'm not really sure what the point of that is, but it looks silly.
In cyanide sense.
SquatchKilla in chat over at live.voggenetwork.com says,
My son keeps asking to start a YouTube channel with myself.
You know, hey, some people make a lot of money doing that stuff.
Actually, should I say that?
Ok, I'm going to say it.
I have made my first threshold on Twitch where I'm getting a check.
Huzzah!
Yeah, I don't think I see it till next month.
Which I have not been doing a lot of streaming lately.
I was doing a lot of it when I was pushing first affiliate.
I've really scaled back and I apologize to you guys.
You guys just know I've had a really rough year and it's just hard for me to be extroverted several times throughout the week.
And I think most of you guys kind of know that and I really appreciate it.
I just feel like, oh god, I wish I could pull my shit together and do that more for the subscribers that I have.
But it's hard.
I would love to do that.
I don't have a place to do that.
I don't have the gear to do that.
And going back to place to do that, I don't have a place that I can talk with where the sound isn't going to bother my wife.
Or wake up my kids because it would have to be when they were asleep.
Unless they're going to do stuff on it.
We just don't have any room in the house to do that.
And I would love to start that.
I keep thinking about doing it in my garage.
But it's not really climate controlled and it smells like cat box and it's dirty as fuck.
I have an F.U.
We don't have to have the music for it.
F.U. to people who go on Steam and ask me for free games.
Ask me to buy you a game.
I'm going to out this person right now.
No, no, no. Don't do it.
I'm going to out you on Twitter.
If you do this again.
The answer will always fucking be no.
Interesting.
If you're someone who I don't know who you are.
Or you're just a random so and so on my list.
Don't fucking ask me to buy you anything.
Did you add somebody on the list who you kind of didn't know?
I thought they were in the community.
But they've been on there for a while.
Interesting.
So no, the answer is always going to be no.
Unless like your birthday is coming up or something.
Or I think you're an okay person.
If you are just somebody on my friends list.
The answer is always fucking no.
Yeah. Okay.
That's fair.
Earn your own money.
Gifts or gifts?
Let's see. What was I going to say?
I would give you money for food.
But I'm not going to give you money for games.
This stream in chat says I get a free sub from Amazon Prime.
So I threw it at Rob's channel so he can get monies.
Well, I really appreciate that.
And I'll tell you what.
The money is just going to go right back to OLR.
Well, I mean, Bobby and I kind of both have some costs that we pay for Vaga Network.
So I actually pay for our radio feed that goes out there.
Bobby takes care of all the website stuff and other stuff too.
I'm drawing a very crude line.
So the money is going to go right back into that.
And we are looking at doing some upgrades here with Loki and talking about the laptop.
I think when that happens, I think I will be.
This mixing board has served us very well, but it has also served us for...
I remember when we placed the first mixing board.
This was 2006, this mixing board.
Do you remember Dark Sakura when this mixing board came into play?
It was, it wasn't cheap.
Yeah. So we'll probably replace that with something instead of analog, something digital.
I'm buying a game right now.
Are you really?
I'm buying 20XX.
MXC points this out.
One of my friends has like 5,000 games on Steam and Rando's used to ask him for free games before going private.
Oh, maybe somebody can see the size of the library.
That's kind of interesting.
Well, fuck them.
They just still know.
You can ogle my library all you fucking want.
Look, look and covet.
I do technically have extra Steam keys for a lot of games because I bought so many bundles that I'm sitting on multiple copies of a lot of things.
But I haven't really...
But you'll do that on your terms when you want to get those out.
Yeah.
I'm sorry. I will be that stingy bitch.
It's, it's fine.
S2100 Mountain Chat says the mixing board survived the Drunami mixing board table destruction.
Actually, I think that was the one before this.
You remember the black mixing board we had?
The old mixing...
Okay, for those that have seen the YouTube, I know we're just rambling tonight, but this is what happens when you don't call.
We ramble.
So the black mixing board, you can, that's the old one.
And you can actually see that in our rarely used YouTube channel.
No, I take that back.
We actually have a stock of back episodes on there.
Jason was working very hard.
I'll take it.
It was in the, it was in the NBC, the channel three.
Oh, it's so much fun video.
Yeah.
Which is on YouTube on our orange lounge radio channel.
That was the first mixing board.
That was the black one.
Now we have a gray one that Jamie just snapped a picture of.
So maybe she's posting.
It's going to go on my Insta.
There you go.
So, but we're looking at, at least I'm thinking about, cause you'll notice it's all analog.
And so I'm thinking about something maybe more digital.
So we'll see.
Well, and I actually, I know we've talked about me having a second set up with my MacBook.
You may take this and vlog away with it or whatever you want to do with it.
Well, but it also would be good, I think, to have a fallback for travel.
Cause I can just, you know, we've tested using GarageBand.
Yep.
And it was all right.
It was all right.
It wasn't the...
It was more the difference.
Yeah.
It was, it wasn't quite the clear quality that this show has, but it's good for like,
if we want to do something at this DDR tournament coming up and we need something quick and
dirty, it'll work.
I ordered an iPhone condenser mic for vlogging.
Yes.
I've actually thought about getting one of those two for the conventions and stuff.
The one I ordered, I ordered a cheap one to test it out, but there's another one that
was recommended that's about 50 bucks, but it's, it's more of an omni-directional and
you can change it.
Yeah.
So that one's on my list too, but I needed something, you know, I'm not going to spend
anything big because my iPhone 10 I'm going to get in January.
So.
There you go.
I've also got a steady cam ready to order too.
What's a steady cam?
Oh, for your vlog.
Cause you want to do vlogging.
Well, the thing, the good thing with the steady cam is that it uses a counterweight so that
no matter how you swing it, you have a steady spread the whole time.
I notice, uh, iPhone 10 and I only know, I don't, I can't compare it to anything Android
because I only know what I have and that's iPhone.
You can't control awesome to compare awesome to suck.
But the video quality is really good.
Like I was filming stuff at that, which by the way, we never got to talk about.
And you're, this is what you get when you don't call.
Dar Sacher wasn't able to talk about the Trixie and Katia's high school reunion thing with
me on the show last week.
But I shot some video there and I noticed, wow, like it doesn't shake.
Like the anti-shake stuff is really good stabilization in there.
Yeah.
And then like, as I'm panning back and forth, it's really smooth in the, so I was, I'm pretty
impressed.
Like what you're, and I can't see why androids don't have something better for a thousand
dollars.
I'm just really impressed at the fucking technology.
So if anyone's curious, it's on my Instagram, which is just dark Sakura.
So I put up the, the board in all of its dusty glory.
Yeah, I do.
I need to get some kind of compressed air and give that thing a bath.
You need microfiber cloths.
That's a pledge.
You know, my other thing is that I don't want to move any of the knobs.
I know.
I take a picture of the way it is.
I can set everything back.
I know.
All right, well, the phone's not ringing.
That means you ain't calling or it's broken, but again, I don't see anyone complaining,
but that's fine.
Y'all are just being shy.
It's cool.
It's cool.
Maybe next week.
Uh, we're going to wrap up the show for now though.
Uh, that's it.
We'll see you in seven days though.
We'll be back here.
I may be running a little late cause I'm going to be running back from San Francisco and
the Ingress event happening there because technically the big hoedown showdown is Saturday,
but then Sunday is the mission day.
Now with as long as I've been doing Ingress, I have yet to do a single fucking mission
day.
I missed the one in Chicago because I was flying home on Sunday, so I'm doing this one.
Even if this show is going to start late because of traffic, I'm fucking doing mission day
to get that fucking badge on my fucking profile that doesn't mean anything.
So there it is.
So I think it'll be fine though.
I think if I turn in the mission day thing by like two o'clock, three o'clock, that'll
give me time to get home.
I just may need Loki to produce next week episode.
I want to do a mission thingy.
I've never done one.
Come, come up to the city on Sunday.
Even if you don't want to do the Ingress, uh, hoedown throwdown on Saturday, you can
come do the mission day thingy.
Are you staying in the city?
Uh, probably.
I have to beg and plead my friend that I stay with, but I'm, I think I'd ran it by him already
and he knows.
I don't want to drive by myself.
I'm sorry.
Well, maybe who else plays here?
No one who would go with me.
You never know.
We'll see.
I'm not going to ride with people.
I don't know.
Like more than fleeting.
No, I understand.
I understand.
All right.
Uh, so there we go.
Uh, yeah.
So Squatch Kill is in chat saying, yes, I will be doing mission day.
You wonder, you see, he, I know if anybody knows what I'm going through, he knows what
I'm going through.
So if my show is late next week, then it's all Squatch Kill's fault, just so you know.
Or his wife's fault.
Anyway, I hope she's listening.
All right.
Uh, Oh, I liked that as to what her Matt's like, can you just give them your phone?
Hell the fuck?
No.
All right.
There we go.
We're going to wrap up.
Thanks you guys.
Uh, if you like what you heard here at orange launch radio, tell a friend or five about
the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But like, like when the phones don't light up, we can't get those, uh, voices out there
unless you, uh, let us know.
You can always email us.
You can tweet us at OLR.
You can Facebook us at orange launch radio.
You can use the website to send us a message because now we know that works.
Remember when it was broken for four years?
Well, we got our first email tonight that came from the website, so it works.
So you can do all those things, but just tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word.
Um, because we don't have a big website or Fox news or CBS backing up this program.
So it's just us.
That's it.
Uh, help us spread the word.
Uh, I haven't found something really dirty to say.
All right, well then we'll go around and get everybody's final thought.
Oh yeah.
Five star review on iTunes.
Those places goes a long way too.
We'll go around and get everybody's final thoughts since Jamie has something to say.
I'm not going to say anything dirty cause I'm bad.
We'll start with Loki.
All right.
Um, I guess I will, you know, play VR games this week.
There you go.
VR Skyrim.
Who sold that?
I didn't.
I didn't buy it in because I've, I've already bought Skyrim and Skyrim HD and I have Skyrim
HD in my PC and I haven't bothered.
I was going to hold off in purchase on PCs someday when you know it's out cause I think
it's going to be better because on the PlayStation it's just kind of okay.
And eventually I do want to get VR headset for my PC.
I just haven't done it yet.
So I'm going to hold off.
I don't need it.
I just, I have a bunch of PlayStation VR games.
I just bought them.
I don't need another one.
My final thought is, and I'm only thinking this cause I can see my collection of fridge
magnets and I have a fridge magnet of this lady and I was just going to say Gilda Radner
was fucking awesome.
She was.
She was so fucking awesome.
Anyway, uh, dark soccer.
Your final thought?
Um, I'm going to go harass your cat now.
It sounds good.
Just get one of those fish cake things you had that he was, I digested them.
All right.
I'll burp fish out.
I do.
All right.
That's it.
Cats have no sense of sweetness.
We're done.
We'll be back in seven days later.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge
radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
