Video gaming merchandise has been an ever-growing thing, but thus far you haven't often seen
a game's name in a grocery or other common personal goods store.
But now, a 1980s stalwart and a 2010s breakout are both landing on more shelves.
One of them is part of a balanced breakfast, and the other keeps you fresh, clean, and
smooth.
Guess which games, and guess which products.
We're the ThinkGeek, and you're not going to see these on GameStop shelves.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you which
of these and about the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show
where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live here once again with episode number 953 of
our show for tonight, March the 26th of 2023.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I am joined week, after week, after week, after week, after
week by my co-hosts.
Say hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
What's up?
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm all right.
Did you hear, by the way, have you heard the latest news about my husband?
Something about a ban?
Yes, he's in Twitch jail right now.
Why?
Okay, so he loves to stream games with mods, right?
So he was running a mod for Final Fantasy 7 Remake that was showing Cloud running around
in a jockstrap.
So his little booty was hanging out, and somebody decided that those assets were too hot for
TV, and so he was delivered with a three-day ban in the middle of the stream with four
viewers watching, which, here's the thing.
Diablo 4 is like all the rage right now.
Don't get me wrong, I love Diablo 4, but half of Twitch is streaming that limited access
beta right now, right?
And all of that death, dismemberment, violence, destruction, decapitation, you name it, all
going on in that game.
But, pun intended, Allen decides to show a risque mod, and he gets banned.
Now look, I'm not complaining about what Twitch is doing, because Allen knew he was toeing
the line.
He knew it was a little risky what he was doing, so he's a big boy and can take the
big boy punishment.
But I am pointing out, there's a double standard here going on, folks.
And I-
How many years have I been saying that?
Oh, forever.
And how much do you want to bet if that mod had been a lady, it would not have been quick
to have been reported?
And that's just-
No, it probably would have been-
Facts are facts.
Our bodies are policed a lot more.
It would have been like, you know, that needs to go in the hot tub streaming section.
I mean, this is in the wrong section, just letting you know.
So-
Our bodies are policed more and sexualized more, so I'd be surprised if it went on longer.
So it's just, I don't know, I can't help but think maybe even somebody we know or somebody
had actually reported that, but I like to believe that the universe has a nice little
way of dealing with those types of people.
So I will just kind of, you know-
It's an auto-detect algorithm.
What's that?
Or it could have been an auto-detect.
It wasn't his first time running that mod.
It was a few streams in.
So, I mean, and again, I'm not mad about, and neither is he, about what happened.
It's just one of those things where it's like, it's just a ridiculous double standard in
our society that the violence, you know, and even when it comes to Twitch or whatever it
is, an R-rated movie or what have you allows a certain amount of risqueness to it that
for whatever reason Twitch does not mirror.
And that's, you know, again, that's okay, but I just, it's a bit of a double standard.
I think the violence should be policed just as much if we're going to do that, so.
That's pretty much been the cry of women everywhere.
I mean, having our bodies policed when violence is certainly allowed everywhere.
Yeah.
I agree.
Anyway, also say hello.
Sorry.
I know you heard his voice in there too, but I also want to-
That has nothing to do with body positivity, I'm just saying.
Whatever happens.
The two should not be, should be remotely combined.
I feel like I might know what angle he's taking with that comment is that like, to me, I read
that comment to be like, it's just a butt.
And that's how, that's like art butts, whatever, like, and that's how I kind of look at it
is that it's just a butt, people.
It's just a butt.
Positively- It's not even a real butt.
Is a different thing than just someone showing their ass.
No.
So.
Anyway, hello, Techmaster Loki.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Yeah.
And how's your week been?
Yeah, it's been all right.
Yeah.
What's that game playing behind you tonight?
Red Dead Redemption 2.
Oh, is that, so I thought it was Red Dead Redemption, but I wasn't positive.
Okay.
Fair enough.
All right.
Let's see.
We do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific
at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash vog network, right after the Bobby Blackwolf
show.
And if you are watching along with the show, you can chat along with us.
So I'm sorry, I'm laughing at a comment about something that happened before the podcast.
And yes, the little joke bump that plays at the beginning when we go live, it was a joke
about AI tonight, and I'm getting asked for screenshots about what we actually got the
AI to say.
And yes, I'm happy to send those over later after the show, I'll post them on Discord.
Let's see.
Yeah.
Dark Tetsuya appreciates the joke about assets, yes.
Questbuster talking about the AI joke, a Chinese company actually did appoint an AI as a CEO.
Not joking, really.
I had not heard about that.
I'd be very curious, because this is all the rage now, and we even have a story later on
in the show about it this week.
I'd be very curious to kind of know more about that.
So anyway, for the sake of the podcast listeners, one of the quote unquote jokes I put in there
as I asked, it was Google Bard.
And I asked, I said, do you think Bobby Kotick should be CEO of Activision?
And it actually spit out a response and said, these are all the things that he's done wrong.
And for these reasons, including basically his rampant, all the sexual harassment that
went on Activision Blizzard while he was over, he should be fired.
And I was like, Google Bard, smarter than the board at Activision Blizzard.
I think an actual turd would make a better CEO.
Agree.
Actual AI would make a better CEO.
No, no, I'm saying I can dig a turd out of my cat box and maybe a P clump, and that would
do better than him.
I agree.
All right.
Let's get into our official story at the top here before we get into our gaming weeks.
Let's talk about this.
This is interesting because it kind of has to do with, you know, we've been talking about
Diablo 4 and a lot of games that we play right now in this day and age are always online.
And this used to be something you would get a lot more pushback on, but that kind of seems
to have faded a lot in the last few years.
I kind of wanted to dissect that a little bit, but first let's talk about like what's
happening with the whole back and forth on that.
Loki, I'll turn it over to you.
So basically they had announced that Redfall was going to have a, I think it has a single
player campaign and that it's still always online as well.
So if you wanted to play, you know, single player, then you're stuck being connected
to the internet.
And of course people were not happy with that and let their voices be heard.
And so because of that, the game director Harvey Smith said that, you know, they have,
they've listened to the players and have a lot of empathy for folks who don't have consistent
internet connections.
Because we do take complaints about always online with a lot of empathy, we listen and
we've already started work to address this.
And in the future, we have some things like to encrypt your saves and do a bunch of UI
work to support it.
And we're looking into, I'm not supposed to promise anything, but we're looking into working
actively towards fixing that in the future.
So there, yeah, I don't know.
So why did it require an online connection in the first place?
Well, I guess, you know, in-game purchases, it says always online allowed us to do some
accessibility stuff.
I'm really, my eyes really big there.
It allows us for telemetries.
Like if everybody's fallen off ladders and dying, you know, then we can go tweak the
ladder code.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't think that other games don't necessarily do that.
Like you could have that without being always online because people would report bugs to
you and then you go and fix those bugs.
Like that's kind of what you do with that.
Like you wouldn't, like, are you really going to be looking at all that data?
I doubt it.
A comment from Bobby Blackwolf in our chat saying they've been doing this telemetry stuff
forever though.
It doesn't need to be always online.
They just upload data at other times.
So but Bobby says they do look at that data.
I wonder if it's, you know, I think sometimes we have the impression they don't look at
the data piece by piece and they probably don't look at the data piece by piece.
They look at trends and big, big clumps of data.
Yeah, they would like, they probably would use it to further back up, like say someone's
like saying, hey, you know, going back to the ladder issue.
Yeah, I'm having an issue, you know, being able to climb that ladder.
They can then go look at, you know, that ladder object or whatever and seeing people interact
with it and can get a better idea of like, is this an isolated issue?
Is this something that all the players are experiencing?
Yeah, it helps with further bolster and I guess prioritize errors that they need to
fix or tweaks or rebalances, whatever that type of stuff.
But if that were the case, that all the games are doing that, which they're not, then everything
would be always online.
So I think there's other ways around that.
Yeah.
Comments in chat as Joe and Matt says, it's all about keeping the game from being pirated
as well.
You know, I was just thinking the other day, I don't hear a lot about torrents anymore.
I'm sure I'm not being completely naive.
Yes, I know it's all still out there, folks.
I'm not like completely naive, but I feel like a lot of that isn't as like piracy doesn't
feel as mainstream now as it used to feel.
And I don't know if a lot of that is because of like streaming and the capabilities that
is brought.
Like I, and here's the thing, you know, if you want to take piracy way, way back to like
the late nineties, early aughts when it was, yeah, LimeWire, Napster, what was the other
big one?
But there were all these ways to, you know, the peer to peer file transferring and all
that stuff where we were basically pirating music.
But then what happened to the industry iTunes happened, iTunes happened and it didn't completely
shut that down, but boy, oh boy, did it scale it way back and sure.
There was still torrents of, you know, a CD quality albums and things like that.
And that all is still out there, I'm sure.
But especially not just iTunes, but now that we've taken that and transitioned into Apple
music, Spotify, Pandora, you name it, all these, you know, what's the title, you know,
all these, you know, different music streaming services, it's just not nearly as prevalent
because the option is still there to do these streamings and get that like instant gratification
of like, whatever it is you're looking for.
And a lot of streaming TV services seem to do this now, which is why I feel like there's
less and less of the piracy that's going on.
Yeah.
And I don't think that they have anything for like the Xbox series S or X right now
that there is like even a piracy scene for it.
I mean, at some point, if they, you know, exploit the console in a way that they can
do that, then yeah, that might be a thing like the Xbox 360 is really bad.
But and I, again, I don't, I want to make sure I'm very clear on this.
I'm not naive to the fact that piracy still exists.
Of course it still exists and it's going on out there.
I'm just saying the percentage of average Joes and Janes and, you know, folks out there
that are participating in that seems to be lower.
I mean, that could be a confirmation bias or personal thing.
I don't know.
But I just, I feel like we're not, like even on like Twitter and social media, we don't
see people as brazen about posting that type of stuff anymore that we used to.
I feel like that level of the mainstreamization of piracy in a way is scaled back a little
bit, especially when it comes to games.
It just doesn't seem like it's as big of a threat as it used to be.
Yeah.
I think a lot of like Xbox right now, the closest thing that you have with that is just,
you know, there's stuff being run in the dev mode, but that's more like emulators and
stuff like that.
That's less, you know, I don't think anyone's actually pirating anything with that.
I mean, obviously torrent stuff nowadays, TV shows, movies, that type of stuff for the
most part, software, maybe PC game piracy to a certain extent.
Although I would think that that's probably dropped down even still, although now that
games are going back up to $70, you know, even PC, that might kick back up again.
If the games can run offline, which a lot of them in this day and age don't anymore,
it seems like.
Well, I mean, there's patches for everything, so I wouldn't say that, yeah, like your typical
retail game may not run, you know, always online, but I mean, we've learned things like
remember SimCity?
Oh yeah, it's impossible for that to run.
Good point.
Good point.
Except it wasn't.
Point taken.
It's just interesting to me because I feel like, okay, so I'm also looking at a lot of
things through the lens of this Diablo 4 beta that's going on this weekend, and you know,
there's a limited beta last weekend, and obviously I'm a big Diablo fan, but Diablo 4, as far
as I know, and chat, please correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't see how I am on this
because the queue issues are a big issue to get into the game, but Diablo 4 isn't always
online game, as was Diablo 3, and Diablo 3 got a lot of shit about always being online.
So much so that when the console versions of Diablo 3 came out, they were offline and
it was a selling point.
Now granted, Diablo 3 also had this huge problem.
Remember what Diablo 3 looks like today and what it looked like the day it launched are
very different products because the other thing Diablo 3 had that people did not like
was that real money auction house, hence the reason why it had to always be online.
Now Diablo 4 doesn't have a real money auction house because Activision Blizzard done learned
their lesson from that whole thing, but it does have cosmetics, the battle pass, a lot
of things that games as a service kind of have, although Blizzard swears up and down,
they're not going to tie that to content, so we'll see if they're true to their word
on all of that.
But I guess my point is, I feel like the buzz about Diablo 4 being always online, I'm not
seeing people complain about that.
Have we just gotten to a point here a decade later that we just assume that a lot of games
are going to require an online connection and we don't care as much about that anymore?
That's really the point I'm trying to get to.
Do we as gamers just accept that more games are just, they're always going to be online
because that's the way games are?
They're connected and whether that be because they're really trying to push multiplayer
or it's a game as a service and all the things that come with that, your battle passes, cosmetics,
your shops and all that, although single player games, the very first Ludicrous DLC was for
a single player game and that's Elder Scrolls Oblivion and the horse armor that set the
standard for all cosmetic DLC to follow.
That was a single player game, so you don't have to always have a game online to do that
type of stuff, but I digress.
I'm curious, what do you all think about this?
Do you think we as gamers accept this now?
Let me get some comments from chat.
Questbuster says, I accept that more games are always going to be online, but I don't
have to like it.
Fair enough.
Fifth Dream brings up a point about the annoyingness of games being online sometimes.
That rubber banding, even when you're soloing in, I think Diablo, oh, DIV, D4, why don't
you just put D4?
Why do you put the Roman numerals?
I was like, what's DIV?
Okay, I get it.
I get it.
I get it.
Even when you're soloing in D4 is eh.
So yeah, and then the monsters are that.
So yeah, there are some annoyances that come with the always online thing too, is that
like even when you're solo player, you're going to encounter issues.
Now I chalk a lot of these things up to the fact it's a beta and hopefully they iron some
of these things out before June.
I actually wasn't having a lot of problems with rubber banding though, to be quite honest.
I wasn't having, my problems seem to be more graphical in nature for high end stuff and
I actually took my graphics down a setting to get it to work, but I noticed they released
updated drivers and that might actually fix my issue.
I don't know.
But I am chalking a lot of this up to just, you know, the lovely parts of a beta.
But anyway, let me go back to the question at hand.
Do you think that we as gamers have just accepted that more and more games are going to be online?
Do any of my co-hosts have a standpoint on this?
I mean, if it makes sense, like in the sense of a game, like if it's it's a multiplayer game or
something like that, that requires all always online connection.
But I think for like a single player game where conceivable, there's no real reason to have that
type of connection.
It really shouldn't be because we've seen examples where this just fails.
Like Assassin's Creed had a lot of those games that were always online.
And when their authentication servers go down, well, hey, now you can't play your single player game.
You know, like that's really stupid to be designing a game like that.
And for what reason were they doing that?
Probably monetization.
You know, they'll probably make some excuse like, oh, it was telemetry, whatever, you know, like.
But in the end, like when those servers go down, then news reports go out about how, oh, hey, look
at this unnecessary thing that's going on.
Like it really. I don't think it's absolutely necessary to have an always online connection for things.
I know in the past it was because like, hey, this is one other way we're going to try to stave off piracy, which never worked.
It never did.
So. I don't know the reason.
Typically, the reason that they want to do that isn't for the benefit of the player.
It's for the benefit of the company and to make more money.
That's typically why they're doing it.
Hashtag blame telemetry.
All right. It's not telemetry, it's usually not telemetry, it is monetization.
Like it typically is the reason why that they want that always online.
So that so that you nasty cheaters out there can't get that item that you're supposed to be paying five dollars for or something like that.
Like it's that it's about control.
Did you want to elaborate, Jamin, before I go to chat?
Well, I mean, I would hope I would have had a turn to say my piece.
Of course. But I I'm always against the always online thing, except in the case of multiplayer.
I think that if you're trying to check for like a cheat, then there should be like an initial, you know, check for, you know, any bad stuff that shouldn't be there and then let you play the game.
I mean. I back in the day, there were other ways to know if the game was pirated.
I mean, if if it was like you would get to a point of the game and you couldn't play it because it wasn't official software or it would come up with a message that says, hey, thank you for trying the game by the full version, you know, because they knew about it.
You know, it's.
It's it's it's unnecessary.
We we were fine without it before, you know, I.
It's just about control, it's controlling their product.
It's it's loss prevention.
It's I mean, and yeah, monetization can be a big part of it.
But in the end, it's wanting to make sure that that their asset is protected, that they're actually making the money on the asset and not, you know, the copies are not there.
And who cares if somebody cheats in single player that used it that that was old gaming was cheating in single player, you know, and we can sit here in our fucking rocking chairs being like, I remember when I used up
up, down, down, left, right, to be able to get through the first stage, Gradius and get my Contra lives, except for Jamie, who's saying they're going, I don't need the 30 lives code.
Oh, come on. I suck at Gradius.
Sorry, I was transitioning into Contra there, but yes.
Oh, well, Contra, I don't know anyone.
OK, I take that back. Dan's good at Contra, but like I actually do not enjoy playing Contra for the record.
I enjoy playing it for a little bit, but I, you know, it's a fun throwback, you know, anyway.
I've never actually enjoyed playing a Contra game.
We have some really good insight from chat and I want to get some of these comments here because I think this is really interesting.
Fixation Gaze in chat says the cool thing about cheating has died.
Modding now feels more like how cheat codes used to be.
Well, it also kind of feels like that people are selling cheat codes now.
You know, why allow you to do up, up, down, down 30 lives when I can sell you a life kit that has extra lives in it, which is what a lot of games do these days, right?
I thought this was a really insightful comment, actually.
This is just about a gold star level comment to me.
This is silver star level.
It's from zenmonkey11 who says zoomers accept all that crap.
They grew up with consoles that connect to the Internet, so they don't care.
I care. That's why I don't buy always online games if I can help it.
I actually thought that was very interesting because you even think about that term zoomers and how that generation got that term.
And that's because of, you know, the fact that we've got a whole generation of kids who've grown up now with a couple of years in online school and Zoom school and being connected and finding connections for birthday parties.
I mean, we all had to go through it with the pandemic lockdowns.
But, you know, now especially we have a generation that's grown up on that.
So it almost kind of leads to that whole thought of.
And again, I'm not trying to make it like an age, I'm not trying to be like I'm not trying to make broad stroke judgments based solely on age.
However, you know, is it possible that younger folks, because there's that always online connection in these other ways, have just grown up to accept that there is going to
always be a sense of always being connected online because sometimes, as we've unfortunately learned, that may be all the connection there is at some points.
I don't know. I thought that was a very interesting perspective.
Some other comments in chat.
Let's see. Sean322 says, I don't mind always being online as long as someone doesn't pick up the phone and disconnect me.
Oh, sorry. Flashback from the AOL dial up days.
Yes, yes.
SheHulk10 says, if the world is ever changing, then online single player is fun.
You know, and when it comes to like Diablo 4, I don't mind it.
I like the sense of like the world being alive and seeing other people and all of that stuff.
So if there's kind of like a point that makes sense, I don't just hate it on its merits alone.
But I also like it's kind of it's one of those weird things where like, as a gamer who plays and consumes a lot of games is like you kind of know when a game needs to be online to enhance it.
And when the only reason it's having you online is for telemetry, quote unquote, so I'm using my quoting fingers to represent for the online shop is what I really mean.
And I feel like a lot of our bullshit detectors are very strong and we can sense when a game doesn't really need to be online and how that can be very frustrating.
So completely, by the way, agree with Fixie in chat in response to what E3vil said, I'm just going to say evil.
Kids know how to fucking read a book, OK, dude?
Kids, the letters on an e-reader are the same as the letters in a book, it's just a matter of convenience, that makes zero sense to me, I don't get I don't get why why you say that, OK, but how hard is it if I can turn a page, there's they know how to turn a page on a book.
There's these there's these clickbaity articles out there that talk about I know where the school of thought comes from, and it's the clickbait social media culture is that there's that clickbaity article about that.
The five year old is handed a book and they try to do this to the book and I'm doing a swiping motion with my finger.
They try to do this to the book because they don't understand because they've never seen a physical book before.
And these are clickbaity articles that are all over Facebook and social media.
I see where that is coming from.
I do.
But it doesn't take.
But also, yes, to your point and what Fixie saying, it takes 30 seconds to figure it out.
But boy, oh boy, do the parents love to tell the entire neighborhood about that 30 seconds about their kid trying to swipe the book.
Like they're bragging about their kid not being able to figure something out.
That's what it is.
I stopped trying to make kids look stupid or foolish or unable to figure out earlier technology or things like that.
It's ridiculous.
Kids are smarter than we give them credit for.
You know, we were we were all there, too.
We were smarter than we were given credit for.
Let's just stop spreading this really toxic stereotype.
You know, it's it's it's trying to do an us versus them thing.
Every generation tries to do it and it should just be us.
And we have responsibility to help them and they're going to be the next generation.
It's just us.
And that has been something.
Unfortunately, I don't disagree with Shane at all.
But unfortunately, this has been a thing that's been around for generations.
You know, I think think back to TV shows from the 70s.
Kids say the darndest things.
And it's all about the wacky, wild things kids do.
I mean, all right, so think back to like 1984 with a Mac in front of you, you know, you didn't know what to do with the computer the first time you saw one.
It's like, is this is this a typewriter?
Yeah, but you figured it out, you know, sitting down with your first video game console.
You're not going to be instantly good at it.
You got to figure it out.
And the example with the kids with the rotary phone.
I mean, they're not stupid.
They can they figure it out eventually that, OK, you turn the thing to make the thing go.
You know, they know what a receiver is, right?
Because it you see it in a movie.
No, it's obvious it is one has ear, one has mouth.
It's like your headset.
And even if you hold it backwards, it still kind of works.
I know that from being a kid.
All right, let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
And I will start with Dark Sakura.
I have, of course, been playing Dead by Daylight.
I, I, well, yeah, I played Marvel Midnight Suns last night because I got the wrong controller again.
I mean, I have a use for it, so it's not that big of a deal.
But I bought another controller to see if I can play Star Ocean next weekend.
I did all of my testing with Osha Berry Proteus.
So there has been some Proteus and Jackie Crush in my life also in the week.
And then I played, of course, my stupid wordscapes, because I actually I'm getting to the point now where I'm solving this, the quote, super hard puzzles in 10 to 15 seconds.
And and then sometimes my brain is just so like, what?
What's this word?
You know, so I'm going back and forth with it.
And also playing more Beatlemania Pinball because it's fucking fun.
We have a Dracula, but I've never liked that table.
We, I played something else.
And for the life of me, I cannot think of what the crap it was.
Now, maybe I'm just thinking of Parodius and Jackie Crush for Super Famicom.
But yeah, that's been I'm dipping back into some of my old school loves.
And again, if if anyone doesn't know, Jackie Crush is the third in the Crush series of pinball games.
So there's Alien Crush.
What? Wait, why can't my brain think of the other Alien one?
Devil.
Devil's Crush.
And then Jackie Crush brain farts.
And I'm actually thinking about going back to playing Demon's Tilt just on like, you know, off nights.
I really it's such a good spiritual successor.
It's such a good game.
Oh, and I've been sort of laughing to myself about the Dead Hard nerf and the the joke that Behavior made about nerfed the pig.
And really, they just gave her an improved one of her perks.
Because Behavior gets the memes.
That was pretty funny.
Oh, yeah, and the circle of healing nerf.
There's that too.
But that one I'm kind of I'm not like all up in arms about it because I was never a booner.
The slower healing irritated about and I can get into that.
I wish I'd put it into like my chosen story thing because they they put out a big developer update with a lot of changes that have people losing their shit on the Internet.
Because they always lose their shit on the Internet.
I'll be right back by continue on Loki when yeah, I'll tell you guys what's going on in a minute.
Okay, okay.
Well, I mean, just in a nutshell, the big ones that people are irritated about are the Dead Hard nerf, which means you have you now have to have unhook somebody to get the benefit from.
I don't know.
I hate Dead Hard and I've never used it on purpose except for like twice.
And then the the circle of healing.
Yeah, still it now requires that you have a medkit to be able to self care.
I think that's ridiculous.
And then slowing down the rate of of healing with a medkit is also ridiculous.
Whatever behavior.
All right.
But anyway, Loki.
I was just working on Minecraft stuff this week, mostly just finishing up a build and editing, still working on editing, hoping to have my new episode out here soon.
The problem is every time I introduce a robot master in in the series, I have to hand animate the stage like intro thing that they do in like Mega Man 2 and it takes time.
It's annoying, but I have to do it because perfection.
So hopefully we'll have a new episode out, hopefully by tomorrow.
Awesome.
That's about it.
Yeah.
Good luck.
Never did.
Is it still no word on the Minecraft contest from a couple weeks ago?
All right.
I'm trying.
I'm trying.
I'm thinking.
I'm thinking about it.
All right.
My gaming week.
Actually, before I get to my gaming week, let me talk about something else real quick, because it has to do with what I just disappeared about.
So, you know, and a lot of you know about, huh?
I hope everything's okay.
It's actually not about me.
It's about Mr.
Smoosh.
And I think maybe you've caught about some of this from social media and stuff.
Oh, maybe no, because I don't really post on Twitter as much as I used to.
So here's the thing.
Here's what's going on.
So Mr.
Smoosh gave us a little bit of a scare on Wednesday, and we ended up spending like seven hours at the emergency vet because he was very lethargic, not wanting to move.
We could tell he wasn't really wanting to move his back legs like something was kind of going on there.
And so we thought he may have had a seizure or something like may have happened.
So we took him in and they ruled out that he can still use his back legs because they were warm.
They weren't cold.
And we ended up going to the ER vet and we spent a lot of money, but well, we didn't spend two because we could have gotten an MRI for $7,000, but I have to draw the line somewhere.
So they did some x-rays and we kind of found out the next day that the x-rays were showing that he probably has a calcified disc in his back, which doesn't happen in cats as often as it doesn't dogs.
That's usually a thing for dogs, but they say it can happen in cats.
You know, Mr.
Smoosh is a special cat, but it kind of explains like, oh, this is why when we found him, he was on the stairs, but at the halfway point.
And like he didn't want to continue the journey up or down the stairs, whichever way he was going, he was kind of hiding behind the scratching post there.
So we've kind of noticed since then, now that we're starting to get some answers, we've kind of noticed that he does have an aversion to stairs.
He'll use them if he's motivated by food.
He'll still try to go down, even though he shouldn't be.
So we have a baby gate on the way from Amazon to try to stave that off.
But he'll try to use the stairs still if he's food motivated, but otherwise he's kind of not using it.
So we moved all there for those that know the layout of my house.
We moved all the cat food upstairs.
So the cats have everything they need upstairs.
He shouldn't have a need to go downstairs, but he just kind of does it for whatever.
You can't tell a cat no, right?
Like or stop that.
You'll hurt yourself.
So, yeah, at the end of the day, you know, the reality is he's an extremely inbred cat.
He was a rescue and he was a very special kind of rescue.
He has cool David Bowie eyes, too.
He does.
That's why the thought was originally it could have been neurological because the eyes are a sign that he's always had something kind of up neurologically.
But the X-ray kind of makes us think and especially his behaviors.
It's like, oh, he has an aversion to stairs.
OK, yeah, he doesn't really want to use his back or whatever.
But the reality is he's he's old.
He's like a 10 year old cat at this point, which for his breed is getting pretty old.
So, you know, it was scary.
We thought that.
Yeah, you got smooshy kind of around the time I got Midna.
Well, it was the same year my mom passed.
It was twenty seventeen.
So and he was already three or four base.
And that's based on the vet's estimate.
For all we know, it could be older.
Yeah, it wasn't too long after I'd gotten Midna and it was just a few years.
So it is turning 11 on my birthday next month.
Yeah, so yeah.
So anyway, not to not to bring and thank you.
I see you all in chat sending the love and thank you.
It's it's received and thank you very much for that.
And I just know, you know, you all know the cat, Mr.
Smoosh and all that.
But that's just something we've been kind of dealing with.
And that's why I just went off screen here, because I can see from where I'm at.
I have a view of the staircase and I could see him kind of going meow meow and kind of pacing around.
I thought, oh, is he wanting to go downstairs?
But Alan thinks he's just hungry because it's about that time.
So he's he's just out there complaining about food to anyone that I've had a hard time.
Give me extra food.
Yeah, pretty much. But he's getting spoiled now.
Not only did his dad spend again, I a lot of money on that.
I we have a he had expenses.
Yeah. And I'm sure I'm sure many folks out there know, you know, it's just one of those things that it's never.
And, you know, you're you're you're a captive in that moment.
You will do whatever it takes to help your little furry friends.
So it's it's rough.
I've already decided that with my next cat, I'm getting insurance.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's probably something I can't I can't afford to get Midna's teeth fixed.
Yeah. So I just have to brush her teeth and give her antibiotic,
you know, stuff for her water and hope for the best.
So and it was interesting watching Cheddar kind of respond to the whole thing, too,
because he was kind of like, what the hell's going on?
And then he was he was really staying away from all of us when we got back.
He would not. And we were like, what's and they were like, oh, because we smell like the vet
and all those other animals that were there.
So it took him it took him about a day for him to warm back up to us.
So this is very interesting.
Anyway, sorry not to divert too much, but that's what's going on.
So I think now that I think about it, Alan wrote a couple of tweets,
but I understand a tweet can get lost amongst all the other stuff.
And yeah, it's just hard to update everybody work the last four days.
So it's hard for me to to check, except in this little crazy burst.
For sure. For sure. Yeah.
Anyways, I just going to say Midna has been extra all upon, but.
Yeah, she just has allergies. Yeah. Yeah.
So when I did play games this week, when I wasn't too taken over by that,
I've played a little bit of the Diablo four beta this weekend, although granted,
not nearly as much as I was playing last weekend because I finally got that point.
As much as I love Diablo four, I've kind of got to that point where I'm like, OK,
well, they're going to erase these characters anyway.
I've hit twenty five, which is the max level in the beta.
And not not only will I have my pet dog thing that you get at twenty,
but I can I entered myself into the contest to get painted into the chapel in France,
whatever they're doing, if you actually get to twenty five, because that'll be fun.
Can you imagine my face in a chapel somewhere?
I hope I win. I've never wanted to win a contest more in my life.
So I did everything I could do with that.
And so I'm kind of at the point where I'm like, OK, well,
I screwed around with some of the new classes.
But the reality is, let's just wait for the game to come out at this point.
I'm happy to stress test.
So I did that a little bit this weekend. I played.
I sat in the queue for a little bit, but I didn't I didn't need to hit the pavement
as hard as I was doing last week and ensuring that I hit the the max level I could.
But I'm still loving Diablo four.
Absolutely. I'm buying it when it comes out.
Can't wait. Other games I've been playing a little bit of theater,
but not a lot.
I think I did stream that a little bit this week
because I finished No Man's Sky Expedition nine on Monday.
It only took me about another forty five minutes on stream
and I finished the expedition and got the rewards.
So, yeah, that was an accomplishment.
I beat something that was an accomplishment.
And then I played more theater than which I still have not played
every song one time yet.
There's still like at least probably 50 more songs going to make my way through.
But there's just so many songs in that game.
So honestly, between all those things, that's pretty much my gaming week.
So we'll move on.
Let's get into some other headlines.
I was trying to think if there's any like housekeeping or programming notes,
but not really.
We don't have any plan trips or anything that'll get take the show away coming up.
So we'll be here for the next few weeks,
as long as we have power and all that good stuff.
All right, Loki, let's get into some news.
Yes, this is a very exciting out of nowhere.
There is the announcement that Valve is putting out Counter-Strike 2,
which is going to be a free update for Counter-Strike Go,
which will completely redo the whole game.
So they had some trailers that they put out kind of talk about
the different game mechanics that they're adding to it.
So, for example, they have volumetric smoke grenades now, which look really cool.
They kind of react to
bullet shots and also other explosions nearby.
They're going to have something that's like a sub tick.
So it basically allows for more accurate
positioning of players and bullets and that type of stuff.
They're overhauling the maps as well as keeping some of the older maps as well.
Kind of like the kind of doing it in three different phases.
So they have the older maps that they're kind of giving new
like lighting effects to and that type of stuff.
But essentially, there could be exactly the same.
Then there's
some updated maps that they're adding, you know, like more features to
that kind of utilize more of Counter-Strike 2
and then like some fully redone maps.
Higher resolution models for the guns.
New Source 2 tools for modders.
New blood splatters.
And see, they said completely re-authored explosions and more accurate audio.
It looks pretty sweet.
Bigger and badder explosions.
Exactly. The smoke, the smoke looks cool, too.
Like, I think that's kind of the fun stuff.
They're saying that all existing Counter-Strike Go skins will transfer
to Counter-Strike 2 and they'll be also more visually detailed.
So that's kind of cool.
You know, they get all that stuff to go along with it.
Yeah. Excited to see what else they do with that.
Talk about, you know, last week how gamers are eating good.
Well, it's putting more food out.
Well, you know, with Counter-Strike, this kind of upgrade,
this is a little bit like, you know, Counter-Strike to Counter-Strike 2
or I guess really Counter-Strike Go to Counter-Strike 2
is kind of like Overwatch to Overwatch 2, right?
Like this is meant to replace the base game, right?
Well, except more.
Like they didn't really do as much into Overwatch 2
comparisonally, but it is meant to be a replacement.
Overwatch 2 is essentially Overwatch 1.
But yeah, yeah, basically it is an overhaul to the original game.
OK. And it's meant to replace it.
And it is it's it's I think I heard it's going to be free to those
that already have Counter-Strike, basically, which I mean,
how many people haven't picked up Counter-Strike in some kind of bundle
over the years or some kind of sale on Valve?
Like that game's been out a long time.
You probably have it in your library and you don't even know it.
You know, like it's you got it somewhere.
So that's interesting.
That'll be coming out, you know, the sequel.
It's also nice that Valve is finally putting out a game that isn't VR
for for the rest of us that, you know, aren't quite on board
with the VR stuff still.
And it's it's nice.
Granted, I haven't played Counter-Strike since the original Xbox.
I'm not even talking about the original Xbox last time I played Counter-Strike.
But still, it is nice that they still avoided using three.
Technically, since this is like the third Counter-Strike game,
but it is Counter-Strike 2.
So still no threes in Valve's life.
They don't have to break their habit there.
Yeah. Let's see.
E3VL does point out at least they didn't go the free to play model like Overwatch.
So that is that is also it.
Well, do we do we know of any types of microtransactions,
battle passes, things they might be looking to add
since they are essentially giving this away for free?
Well, I don't think it's anything different than what they have now.
Was it the gun skins?
Don't they have all that stuff?
Like, isn't that a whole thing?
Don't they have crates and stuff?
Yeah, I guess that's true.
Gambling stuff. True, true.
I assume that's still a thing.
And Chad is debating if this is actually fourth or fifth Counter-Strike.
Mike Def says OG Counter-Strike, Source, Go, and now two.
E3VL is counting one called Condition Zero as well.
So there's been a few Counter-Strike games.
None of them number three, though.
No, none of them three. No.
All right. Moving on, let's talk about this, which, by the way,
also kind of plays into the whole like reminders
that we're going to be talking about Nintendo.
I think we have an email on it later, so I won't go too far in depth.
But, you know, we talked about it already last week, really.
But the Nintendo eShop is basically going to be closing
at some point very soon tomorrow.
But we don't know when. Is that 1201?
Is that 1159?
We don't know when tomorrow.
But, you know, we're in the last dawn of the final day,
basically, of the Wii U and 3DS eShops.
So I know we have an email on it later.
I'll wait till we get to that.
But, you know, it has a lot of us kind of either making those last few purchases or.
For me, I'm kind of like,
why would I reward Nintendo for this right now?
I'm not going to.
But I don't want to tell people what they should and shouldn't do.
I understand why people want to do their last minute shopping,
get those things where they go away.
I'm kind of like, I don't want to reward Nintendo for this decision.
Like I bought what I bought and that's it.
But here's a concept I do want to reward because I think this sounds great.
And this is a retro game project coming out for the Switch.
It's called Project Egg.
This is still a tentative title.
It is from D4 Enterprise,
and it's something that they're going to be using to release titles
from their retro games distribution service for the Switch.
And these are going to be games for platforms like MSX,
PC-9801, PC-8801.
This is also a platform that's going to be used Pico Pico for smartphones.
And they say virtual console for Wii U, Wii and 3DS, but I don't.
I think this is because I think they're talking about that
they have released games prior on these systems.
So if you want to go back and look at those systems,
kind of see like what is that?
Sorry, that's just a very oddly worded phrase there.
But if you want to see the types of games they have released,
they're in those archives.
Egg, if you are curious, stands for engrossing game gallery,
which of course is leading to all of those memes of
can I offer you an egg in these trying times?
Some of the games I recognize just from the screenshots,
I notice Hyde Lied in there.
So yeah, this sounds like it's the what I like about it is
these are I hope this comes out for the US.
It does look very Japanese based.
But of course, the Switch is reason free.
I hope that there's some really good stuff in there.
Like I like the obscure type of stuff.
Oh, one of the Cotton Games is in here.
I see in the screenshot, actually.
I know Jamie loves that series.
Revival Xanadu is also called out by name there.
So there's just a lot of like obscure but cool titles in here.
And that's exactly the types of stuff we should be celebrating
in these retro catalogs.
So I think this is neat.
So props to D4 for working on this and making it happen.
So there was a thing it said in there, too, like
I noticed like when I translated the what,
you know, talking about Project A, it says general creators.
It was built.
People will be able to sell software created for retro consoles.
I guess homebrew software like their PC 8801, PC 9801,
X68000, FM7, X1, MSX, et cetera.
Holy moly.
So looking at this list over on because
I guess on Wiki there's actually a big old list there in the D4 Enterprise article.
I did not realize it was this large of a library.
Oops, sorry, folks.
I just accidentally placed this over the webcam capture.
But look at this.
Like there are one thousand eighty four games on this list.
I have no idea how to even organize a list like this,
but it does have things for the arcade, including Double Dragon is in there.
A lot of Famicom based games.
Yeah, Karnov.
So you get an idea of the types of like developers
that they're working with and so forth.
So this is going to be a very beefy collection
whenever it comes out for Switch.
So that's really cool.
So oops.
Not that sorry.
Having to produce, do camera angles and all that on the fly is hard sometimes.
So sorry for the awkwardness on twitch shots sometimes.
All right.
Dark to see also points out
if you want to see a YouTube channel that has short video clips of these games
that is also available with Project Egg.
All right.
Let's move on to some not so great news.
But unfortunately, one we're hearing a lot in this industry lately, Dark Sakura.
Well, and it's full of a lot of just like.
Excuse talk to me.
But at any rate.
More than 400 Twitch employees
got laid off because of what Amazon's going through.
Amazon announced another 9000 job cuts,
adding to the 18000 layoffs from January.
And then about 400 employees from Twitch
are affected in that that whole business.
Twitch didn't give the impacted employees
any sort of advance notice ahead of the announcement on the 20th.
The CEO just basically sent out an all staff email
that people affected would be informed no later than early next week.
And it's just, again, just a bunch of.
Excuse talk.
The CEO, Clancy, is blaming the layoffs on, quote,
current macro economic environment and user and revenue growth
that has not kept pace with our expectations, end quote.
In other words, I'm going to throw out a bunch of jargon on there
and hope that it sounds important enough for you to believe it.
In a nutshell,
they're not making the money we thought they did.
So now we fucked up and now we have to fuck up these people's lives.
Well, and who who misforecast that?
I mean, I understand Twitch grew a lot during the pandemic.
And so there's a little bit of like the tide receding a little bit as,
you know, things, pandemic lockdowns
practically ended pretty much across the globe at this point.
That a lot of that is receding a little bit.
But you would think that somebody could have seen that coming.
It's weird. But at least there's this.
This is this is interesting to me when I heard this.
This is the interesting news.
Emmett Shearer, the former CEO, just left last week.
So I can't sit here and be like, well, why does nothing ever happen to the CEO?
Well, OK. I mean, now, do we think that the CEO left because they,
you know, did Emmett Shearer leave because this news was coming?
I mean, in a variety of ways, probably yes.
He probably left when he did. So he didn't have to do this.
It's probably one of those things that was brought down.
And so he kind of ran off into the night.
But at least I can't sit here and go,
why isn't the guy who's been CEO for the last few years been held accountable?
He did bow out. I will get I will give him that credit.
That that there's lots of CEOs in this industry who don't do that.
So I'll give him that for what it's worth.
But it is, yeah, it's garbage and it's.
Instead of investing in their employees
and pushing the company to do better or are finding other ways to
use that talent pool, they're just saying, oh, no, we just don't want to pay you. Bye.
I hate it.
Maybe if there was more synergy with the rest of Amazon going on,
because that's the other thing that blows my mind about Twitch
sometimes is that like I feel like they live in a bubble with that so much.
I know I've talked about this on the show and I'm sorry to repeat myself,
but that so much of Amazon feels so siloed and that that I'm
quite frankly shocked that Luna isn't more integrated into Twitch.
Not that I'm saying I want that. I'm just shocked.
They haven't taken more of an opportunity to do that. It's wild to me.
Yeah, they they are really.
They're just fucking the whole thing up.
I mean, they acquire a platform that they don't truly understand,
you know, to service people who do things that I think they don't truly understand.
And then I just don't think that they know what they're doing.
I mean, be honest.
It should it should be this easy as like if Dark Sakura is going, hey,
we need one more for our Swift and Dead by Daylight
because somebody could make it tonight. Let's do one more for Swift.
You should be able to click a button and fire up Dead by Daylight on Luna
and be able to join her Swift right away.
By the way, that was a thing in Stadia.
But it's not there on it's not on.
Oh, Dead by Daylight is not on Luna?
OK, bad example. I just assume they put that game everywhere. My bad.
OK, but but that example, that example,
but a game that is on Luna still should should hold some water here.
So I mean, it doesn't really matter the streaming service.
If there's a streaming service that's owned by a company
that also has live streaming service, you know, like a game
streaming service with a company that owns their own streaming service.
Like how the Google integration when Stadia was around,
you pressed a button and it would link up to a live play on your YouTube channel.
Yeah. Yeah, it's it's ridiculous.
I mean, Stadia did it right and they got fucked over
because Google's got this other weird announcement now
about another company that they're working with for cloud based gaming.
And I'm just like, I hate you.
I officially hate you right now.
Don't don't talk to me. Don't speak.
I don't hear. Yeah, exactly.
Exactly. Talk to the hand because the wallet doesn't want it.
Exactly. But but like.
I'm just. Maybe it's that I don't have that corporate mindset.
I mean, I don't want to be a manager and I don't want to be corporate, you know,
but at the same time, you know, I work for a company
that is all about utilizing its talent pool instead of laying people off.
You know, we have positions open in our company
and they're hiring from other groups in the same company
to cover those things instead of laying people off.
And I can't say where I work.
Some of you all know, don't say anything.
But I think that that Amazon and a lot of these gaming companies
that are laying off all these people need to actually really take a look
at their business model and see why they're getting themselves
into this puddle to begin with.
You know, you can't keep doing things the same way
they've always been done and get yourself into this pattern of fuckery.
You know, the the quote is the definition of madness
is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.
That's exactly what you're doing.
You're hamsters in a wheel and the wheel keeps spinning and spinning.
You need to do something different.
You need to take a risk and do something fucking different.
I want to get the comments from chat.
There's a lot of good stuff in chat right now.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says there's also political infighting
inside these large companies.
Different divisions don't necessarily like each other
and will not work to help everyone else.
So the Luna and Twitch teams might not be on good terms with each other
and are actively avoiding having to work together.
Oh, my God.
Then that if that if that I mean, I know that's hypothesizing,
but if that was a thing, then that falls on Jeff Bezos
to walk in there and say, you fucking make it work, period.
And the head of Luna and the head of Twitch,
your asses are on the line to make this work like it.
This is wild.
I mean, I'm not disputing what you're saying, Bobby,
but it's it's it's wild to me
that that can happen in a profitable company.
If your job.
I'm sorry, I forgot Jeff Bezos was retired, but you know, you know what I mean.
If your job is to do
what is necessary as dictated by your upper management
to make something work, it does not matter
how you feel about working with another department.
End of story.
Your assignment is to work together.
So if they're not working together, this is coming from higher up than they are.
Fixation Gaze says it feels like Amazon is using Twitch
as a passive income and get upset when record profits
manipulating a sick market aren't beaten.
Absolutely. Absolutely.
This is just supposed to be Amazon's little money printing thing,
and they're not thinking about how they can better integrate it
into the rest of their business and make it more profitable from that standpoint.
It's very silly.
Phil of nine says, I always wonder about how huge these tech companies got.
It always seemed like they ballooned so quickly.
2003 called and says
history repeats itself.
But yes, I mean, but that's exactly what I was saying about that pattern
that no one seems to learn from, you know?
And honestly, you know, what took down the Roman Empire,
the fucking Roman Empire?
That's going to happen again.
The companies are going to get too big, too big, too big and explode.
WN record or is it WN record?
Because English is a silly language, but I'm going to guess record.
WN record says it's nutty.
How many companies are doing record business and still laying off?
Well, that's CEO salaries.
It has to do a lot with their projections
and, you know, taking into account things like inflation,
operating costs, ongoing projects.
You can bring in a current higher profit
that if it's not going to accommodate your projection.
Or your expected operating costs in the next quarter or next year.
Then. It actually makes perfect sense
why they would try to take preventative measures
to preserve their income rate.
But you're also right, it does go back to the CEOs and and whatnot.
Maximum wage laws.
I also agree with Fixie that, quote,
these kinds of layoffs during a global recession should be negligence.
Absolutely. And I mean, you want to look at like what a good example is.
Look at what Iwata did.
Yes. When Nintendo took their big dip, it's the pay cut.
And you know what? I think that should be the rule for a CEO.
You know, if you're if your company is fucking up
and you are the leader of said company, you take the hit, not your employees.
People only think about themselves.
Greed begets, you know, wealth begets greed is what I think.
The more you have, the more you want.
And you think someone's going to try to take it out of your hand.
But guess what?
You don't need as much money as you're making to live.
You don't. And that is OK.
The money that these people make, they can put it into a money market
or a CD or something and live very comfortably
and very extravagantly off of the interest.
And that's the problem that we're having right there.
All these fuckers need to get taxed.
But that's another story.
But that is why the gamers really respected Iwata and miss him greatly.
He was one of the greats.
So his memory be a blessing.
In other Twitch news,
we actually kind of have a companion article to this of some sort, Loki.
Yeah. So, of course, you know, Twitch is saying that right now
it's the best place for creators to stream and make money, apparently.
I mean, sure, yeah, they're going to say that.
I mean, why wouldn't they say that? They're always going to say that.
But apparently talking with the Verge,
you know, Tom Varelli said that
I don't think there's ever been a better time to start streaming on Twitch.
We've talked a lot about how we're going.
We're in this together and we're part of this innovation.
We're we're committed to continuing to improve our monetization products
and building new monetization products.
At the end of the day,
we are committed to increasing the amount of money streamers can earn.
Oh, you know, I mean, because like you just like reduced your split of,
you know, revenue from 70 30 down to like, you know, 50 50 for everybody.
And then on top of that, like you have these new apparently
ad incentive programs that you provide to certain affiliates.
I guess that if you run a certain number of ads in an hour,
a ridiculous number of ads, then they'll pay you like extra money.
But it's not even really that much money on top of it.
Um, not to mention that if you're running that many ads,
you're probably going to lose engagement anyways.
One of the other things, too, on top of that
is that their ads program that they have right now,
if you run less than three minutes of ads in an hour,
you're actually only making 30 percent of the revenue from that, not even the 50.
You have to run, I think, over three minutes of ads per hour
to get that full 50 to 55 amount from them.
I didn't even know they changed that.
So it's it's it's been like that for a while.
Yeah. So it's just it's not really.
I think they're going to have to try a lot harder ovens, you know?
I mean, yeah.
I mean, no company's going to come and go, yeah, we're just like terrible.
Like maybe you shouldn't use our service.
Like, of course, they're going to say
you're the best place because they're going to do that.
Um, I mean, what other choices you have, you have YouTube
and then there's the other startup that just kick.
Yeah, you're thinking of.
Yeah, I think so.
I'm I'm laughing because I just went on there this weekend just to claim my name,
you know, just just in case, because you never know.
But I was just kind of poking around.
And it definitely like it just feels like a we want to be Twitch type of plan.
Like I'm looking at the content that's being featured and I'm just like,
none of this looks like something I'd enjoy.
Sorry, I'm just telling it like it is like it's just I it just
I wasn't seeing a lot of like compelling content
from what I was seeing there on the screen.
It looks like a lot of people who just want to be the next megabucks streamer
and playing those types of games or gambling simulators or whatever it is.
Like I just I was I looked at the website and I was bored.
That was that was my quick review of kick.
Sorry, but that's what I mean.
And you know what? It's still young.
It's in its infancy.
May it grow into something bigger? Possibly.
Could I be eating crow later on? Who knows?
I'm just saying how I feel today and what what I saw in that site
when I went today, but we'll see. So, yeah.
I but it does seem like Twitch runs mainly unopposed.
So I mean, I guess there's YouTube.
I guess you could count kick,
but I don't think you can until they have a mobile app,
which apparently is coming very soon.
But, you know, until that day, none of these compared like
and there's been every year there's some new up and comer
that wants to take on Twitch.
Unless you have a mobile app and you have some more integration
on other devices than just PC screens, you can't be taken seriously. Period.
So anybody that wants to take on somebody has to be able to at least
bare minimum have a mobile app.
To do that. Exactly, especially in this age. Seriously.
An interesting perspective from Fixation Gaze here in chat,
who says, just to add something to the best place for creators.
A year ago, I had my own experiment.
When I included the autistic tag on my screen streams,
I was less likely to end up recommended by about 75%.
It's only the best for certain creators who start the game famous.
Plus, most creators rely on subs to survive over ads.
Oh, definitely. Ads, ads make literal pennies.
I'm not, you know, even though I'm like, oh, they changed it like years ago
and I wasn't paying attention. I'm like, it doesn't matter. It's pennies.
If I don't have thousands of viewers, it's not going to matter.
But, um, uh, but that's, that's very interesting about the tags,
because something I do notice Twitch added just in the past couple of months
was that you can see how your tags perform.
And I am a little bit surprised, well, I'm not totally surprised,
but a little surprised at which ones perform a lot stronger than others.
And I think that was interesting.
I don't know how to see how you're getting recommended, though.
That's, that's interesting. So.
All right. Well, let's move on. We have more news to cover.
So let's talk about some news from Atari and a game
that I remember Dark Soccer talking about on this show not a terribly long time ago
in her Classic Game of the Week segment, and that was the game System Shock.
Because System Shock has a remake that they've been working on for a while,
and we still don't know exactly when it's coming out.
But the publisher, Prime Matter,
apparently is actually going to be getting picked up
by Atari, although this,
the story I linked here has to do with that we do have a date of May 30th
for that actual release.
This has been in development since 2015,
and it was originally supposed to come in the summer of 2021.
And this, of course, is a remake of the 1994 first person RPG
that's going to be coming for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One,
and Xbox Series X.
But Atari is also purchasing Night Dive Studios,
and they're buying it for 10 million in cash.
And this is supposed to help Atari expand their catalog
and using technology and boosting a retro focused strategy.
Although a lot of those recent retro releases out of Atari have not been bad.
So, you know, I don't mind if they're kind of continuing to lean into that
because a lot of the recent releases really haven't been bad.
But as we know, I mean, and certainly it's better than some of the other stuff
Atari's gotten into recently, like crypto, online casinos,
and they're bringing up themed hotels here.
We never did see the hotel.
Let's give that one a chance first.
I thought that sounded interesting, but no hotel as of yet anyway.
So anyway, Night Dive should be helping them to bolster their actual game
library a little bit with things that aren't necessarily just the retro stuff.
So, all right, moving on, Dark Soccer.
Couldn't hit get my button hit fast enough.
There's a comic that I was super into, so excited about when it came out,
which was I've been reading the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
more recent issues, which I super love.
But there was a series that came out called The Last Ronin,
which is about this sort of super futuristic New York area.
And of the four turtles, only one of them survived.
And you don't find out who it is until the end of the issue.
But they are working on a game based on it.
It is a really good series, but it is dark.
It was published in 2020.
It was a five issue miniseries by IDW.
So at any rate, the game is going to play something
they're actually working with Paramount,
but it's going to be a little bit more adult themed,
a little bit darker, grittier,
and it's supposed to play as they've outlined
a little bit more like God of War,
you know, very mature.
They don't OK, they don't have a developer yet,
and they think it's going to be at least a few years out
from any sort of release date.
But I think it's I think it's pretty I would play the hell out of it.
I really liked it.
I have to admit, I didn't know a lot about it until I saw the story,
because, you know, anything Ninja Turtle related Tiger Claw
posts in our Discord.
So that's how I saw it.
And I was kind of like looking at it going, oh, that's interesting.
I didn't like the new movie.
I didn't even know that was a thing.
Yeah. And then.
Wait, new movie?
Yeah, there's a new animated movie that's coming out.
The animation style is sort of like the
not exactly, but kind of like the
enter the Spider-Verse stuff, like it's that karmic, a comic panel style.
It looks really nice.
Like it, I think it's going to be cool.
Well, but anyway, the big thing that I'm looking forward to
is seeing how the different weapons are incorporated,
because the survivor carries the weapons of all four of them.
And on top of that,
in the comic, he would hear sort of, I guess, like the voices of his brothers.
And talk to them.
So I'm wondering if maybe hearing those different voices in gameplay might,
you know, access, like like talk, talk to the voice of this one
to get insight on this might give you different pointers
and clues throughout the game.
I think that would be cool.
All right. Yeah, I'm looking forward to it.
And if you want to join our Discord to talk about,
you know, Ninja Turtles or other things throughout the weeks,
we get a lot of neat news
posted in the Orange Dance Radio channel and some of our other channels as well.
Head on over to our Discord over at vognetwork.com.
That's vognetwork.com slash Discord.
All right. This this next story is is something else, Loki.
Yeah, it's it's unique, that's for sure.
So apparently there is a game that's been made by MSCHF,
which is a Brooklyn based art company
that is called Tax Heaven 3000.
It is a dating sim that helps you do your taxes.
It's interesting for sure.
So it will actually help you walk through
the process of filing a 1040 US tax return.
The problem is, though, it's been delisted off of the websites
that it's been on, probably because it asks for your Social Security number,
which, yes, that is part of the tax process, is providing that information.
However, would I trust the game to do that?
Questionable.
It doesn't appear that the game is supposed to connect to the Internet,
but still kind of fishy.
So it has been removed from Steam.
And I think the download is not available anymore for itch.io either.
But it looks silly.
And, you know, it does allow you to actually file your taxes.
But, you know, to be fair, I mean, tax season is right now.
And I mean, there's lots of free websites that you can do it through
that are way more reputable and probably
a lot more easier to actually file your taxes.
But it's still a novel idea.
I it's interesting because I heard this story at first and I kind of laughed at it.
And I went, LOL, of course, there's something like this.
But then the more I thought about it, I was like, is this is this really so bad?
Like, it's not like I think this is more respectable
than some of the things these companies try to pull over.
And some of these websites that have you do your taxes, that bombard you with spam.
Oh, it looks like you forgot to finish your taxes or trying to upsell
all this other stuff and all this other crap.
Like I there's a part of me that kind of looks at this and goes in a weird way.
This is this is it's either satire and it's really good satire,
or it's a really interesting way to try to get a hold of a market
that otherwise doesn't usually think about a fun way to kind of do this stuff.
Well, yeah, taxes are a slog a lot of times, so it's an interesting idea.
If if there was some way to like, they could have like an independent
security firm or something like that, take a look at it, make sure like, OK,
hey, we're certifying that this isn't going to send your social security
number and personal information out on the Internet, then.
Yeah, sure. You know, why not?
Let's let's roll with it.
But like, I think that's just where people are a little weary,
because, like, you know, you all know who these developers are.
I mean, obviously, these this company has worked with like big names
like Lil Nas X and stuff on other projects.
So they're somewhat reputable, but like, you know, you can never tell
like who's developing your games and stuff like that.
You don't know.
You wouldn't want to trust them
with that kind of information because leaks happen all the time. So
that's the only thing I think people are a little bit wary on.
And obviously, that's probably why it's been delisted off of there.
But like, I mean, I assume security side,
you know, security aside, if if it were completely secure.
Yeah, I think it's a great idea.
I think it's cool.
Well, this is so Fixation Gaze has a comment in chat here,
and then I think it kind of leans into what you're talking about,
where you're going with this.
Fixation Gaze says TurboTax makes it racing themed.
I'd rather date a cute girl.
And Dark Soccer, I saw you said same.
And I and that's the thing is that I can't help but feel like
who's the company behind TurboTax?
Intuit, I think is the name of them.
I can't help but feel like come tax season 2024,
or I guess it would be tax season 2023 in 2024.
You know what I mean?
I can't help but feel like Intuit is going to see what's going on here.
And they're I'm not saying they're going to have an anime thing,
but they're going to have they're going to be like, ooh,
what if we did like a video game, more immersive type of approach
and hire like an outsourced developer to do some type of thing
and like put it together and do that whole thing and have it through that?
I have to end Fixation Gaze.
I understand you're saying, God, I hope so.
KFC did a love sim and it was popular as hell.
In a way, yes.
But I actually have to say, if Intuit was allowed to do that now,
I'd actually be kind of pissed off.
That this got shut down.
Now, granted, it is the fault of the company that put this together
to not think about those security motions in place and dah, dah, dah, dah.
But I would be more irritated at the fact that the big company
took the little company's idea because they had a legal department
to make it better, make it more functional, if you will.
That part of it would kind of piss me off, I think.
But I feel I feel like.
And thank you, he says, oh, that's so fair, I want them to hire them,
give the small guys money, much better solution, I like that.
But I feel like that's not a company like just sorry,
just based on the behaviors I see in the TurboTax software and all that.
I feel like they're going to go to somewhere
they can get an outsource in another country
and have it developed to be like this and do that whole thing.
Yeah. So watch it.
It's going to be next year's tax season.
So apparently, even though it's been delisted from Steam,
so itch.io still has it up.
I didn't realize that the game is not actually out yet.
So it's coming out April 4th.
So if you're still interested, it is on itch.io.
You can still get it that way.
How do you ultimately file?
Does it e-transmit or do you like since, or do you print?
It's basically it looks like that you.
Yeah, you can either print or download it when you're done.
So it basically fills up the form for you and then you print or download it.
And I guess you would e-file that way somehow. I don't know.
I'll be perfectly honest.
I don't want my tax thing as a game. I'm sorry.
I would rather fill out the form.
Have it be uninteresting, but factual without any fluff.
And get my taxes filed and get my money.
Taxes don't need to be a game.
I can see pros and cons to both.
I love the choice.
And to me, this is very similar to traffic school.
And how do you like, you know, obviously,
we all try to avoid getting a ticket and all that stuff.
But if you ever get a ticket, you could go to stand up comedy
traffic school if you want, where the whole thing is.
Yeah. And I already see Rolling Your Eyes, Dark Sakura.
And that would honestly, that probably be what I would want to do.
But if you want to go to a, for lack of a better term,
normal traffic school, that's just, all right, give me the facts.
Just don't don't be funny about it. Just normal classroom.
Let's get this over with online training.
And just did the test and was done in 10 minutes.
So but there's that choice.
So I like that that would be kind of available. So.
And yes, April 15th is typically tax day,
although holidays have been fluctuating that day a little bit weird calendars.
It's around the 15th.
So it looks like April 18th this year.
And also this year there's like things like with the weather and stuff.
I think that it's possible for certain people to have it delayed
until like September even. But.
Yeah. Yeah.
So fixation is April 1st,
maybe the cutoff for TurboTax before the prices go up,
because the last two weeks before you file your taxes,
they're going to jack those prices sky high because that's what those companies do.
Just don't use TurboTax.
Seriously, like there's websites out there
that you can use that are probably way more intuitive.
And I think it's like.
It's free to e-file your just regular federal
and if you want to your state of things like 17 bucks, it's like it's so.
Minimal. And I do it every year.
Yeah, it's just so easy.
Our our lady who used to help us, she passed away a few years ago.
R.I.P. Kathy.
But but yeah, she basically walked us through so many different things
that we just use the age in our block software. Yeah.
All right. Anyway, tax tips from Orange Lounge Radio.
Bet you didn't know you'd get that this week. All right.
Moving on, let's go to one more.
If you're confused, hire an accountant.
Yeah, that's that's very true.
Disclaimer, we are not accountants.
We're just, you know, nerds of the podcast. All right.
I can rock an actuarial table for your mortgage, OK?
I used to work for a mortgage company.
All right. Well, here's what you can expect to hear on Orange Lounge Radio
every single goddamn week for the next two years.
No, the Activision Blizzard Microsoft deal.
What's the latest and greatest MST3K?
Well, whoopty shit.
Well, some people are saying whoopty shit this week
because there was a pretty big hurdle that was actually cleared in all of this.
And that is the UK regulators.
The UK regulators did announce a provisional finding
that the acquisition of Activision Blizzard by Microsoft
wouldn't harm competition.
So there's not going to be a need, at least in the UK,
again, this has to still clear the US and, you know, other global markets,
but that there's no need to spin off Call of Duty and so forth.
In a quote, the CMA Competition of Markets Authority in the UK said in a quote,
while the CMA's original analysis indicated
that the strategy would be profitable under most scenarios, new data,
which provides better insight into the actual purchasing behavior
of Call of Duty gamers indicates that this strategy would be significantly
loss making under any plausible scenario.
On this basis, meaning if they were to make Call of Duty exclusive to Microsoft,
it would actually lose Microsoft money.
On this basis, the updated analysis now shows that would not be commercially
beneficial to Microsoft to make Call of Duty exclusive to Xbox following the deal,
but that Microsoft will instead still have the incentive
to continue making the game available on PlayStation.
It all comes down to Call of Duty.
Now, CMA is still investigating cloud gaming and Game Pass.
No decision on that is expected until 26th April,
since we are talking about the UK here.
They're still looking at Game Pass, but Call of Duty was sort of viewed
to be the biggest sticking point in this entire thing.
And now that that's cleared by the UK, this is a huge hurdle cleared for this.
And a lot of people that were kind of betting on this, metaphorically,
were assuming that the UK was going to put a stop to this and it was going to be over.
So the fact that this went through now and a lot of this, too, is kind of Sony's own fault.
And so because Sony admitted that they were just trying to stop this deal,
that they really don't have a financial that that was going to be that's going to be looked
at as a defining moment in this whole thing, the way that Sony kind of botched that answer,
although it was also an honest answer.
Let's be real. It was the answer.
So anyhow, SHO 100 Matt says the FTC and whatever members of Congress will make a scene
for in a few weeks in the public sphere, but I still think this deal happens.
Oh, if that whole stuff with TikTok is any indication.
Oh, boy.
But I don't think I don't think I mean, you're not going to see that in this type of thing.
I'm being a little bit dramatic.
You're not going to see them in front of well, I don't think I guess anything could happen.
But procedurally, that is not something that should be happening as a part of that.
So anyway, all right, let's move let's move on to a simpler time when Congress didn't understand
video games at all.
Well, actually, that still is the case.
But anyway, we're going to just move on to our next segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Um, who picked the classic game this week?
Because is this is this a secret Loki pick?
What's going on here?
This looks like a Loki pick.
No, but I thought of Loki when I think.
All right.
What is the game of the week?
The game of the week is Grand Theft Auto Vice City.
Wow.
And yes, it's actually a a twenty one year old game.
It can drink.
It's as old as this show about.
And I picked it actually for for certain certain reasons.
Um, but yeah, I know I almost went with Grand Theft Auto three because Grand Theft Auto
three was the first one to abandon that sort of overhead view and go on to the the third
person view.
But Vice City had some massive improvements over Grand Theft Auto three.
And while Grand Theft Auto three went into creating immersion and a story and everything,
I really think the formula was perfected with Vice City.
So, um, to go back into this, there were a lot.
Well, again, it was it came out in 2002, an action adventure game developed by Rockstar
North, published by Rockstar Games, and it is the fourth Grand Theft Auto game and I'm
sorry, the fourth in the series and the sixth installment overall.
It is set in 1986 with a pretty freaking amazing soundtrack, just saying where you are in Vice
City, which is based off of Miami and Miami Beach, and you follow a mobster named Tommy,
who has been released from jail and is it's his rise to power again, but not necessarily
just that, but his, you know, just a statement about the area, about the time, about that
world, of course, you know, a little bit more glamorized.
But the you know, the great thing about the game that started again with Grand Theft Auto
three is that it's an open open world, you know, it's and it's got real people in it,
you know, like it touches on the immigration issues that were going on in Miami and along
the Gulf Coast, especially with Cuban, Haitian immigrants, biker games, the crack epidemic,
the and a glam glam metal.
We can't forget glam metal, you know, the whole the whole beautiful butt rock back in the
day. But the game itself had two major influences and it was Scarface and Miami Vice, you know,
the original Miami Vice, not the remake.
Yeah, very, very Scarface.
But it had they they started off with those sort of blueprints, the universe idea, and then
they built their game world to fit that inspiration in that general time field.
They had the team spend a lot of time in Miami and looking at landmarks and trying to
recreate some of these.
And that's been an ongoing theme in a lot of the Grand Theft Auto games.
I mean, like Liberty City is based off New York and has, you know, some recreations of
some of those, you know, areas at least trying to fit those areas where San Andreas had,
like, you know, the the Chinese theater, for example, and other parts of Los Angeles.
But going back, going back to this one, this game was actually considered as one of the
greatest video games ever made by many, many lists.
And it made Game of the Year for a bunch of different publications.
It has gotten so many ports.
We'll get into that a little bit later.
But anyway, as I was saying, it's an action adventure game is played from third person.
You play Tommy Verchetti, who has different story objectives that he needs to achieve.
And then there's also little side jobs and there's a free roaming aspect, very open world.
And you can just do nothing but explore.
You can spend a day just doing whatever you want, like actual people do.
And it is composed on these two islands with several small areas within like, you know,
like a neighborhood, you know, the islands unlock more areas as the story progresses.
You know, you run, jump, drive, you have melee attacks, you have all kinds of weapons
and explosives, such as a Colt Python, an M60 machine gun, a minigun, a sniper rifle,
a rocket launcher, you know, because I everyone doesn't ever have like a rocket
launcher just hanging out in their trunk or something.
Oh, yeah, in the garage.
Yeah, but you you actually, you know, can purchase illegal weapons from firearm dealers.
You can find them on the ground.
That always makes me laugh.
You retrieve them, you know, from dead people or just in general area.
You have an auto aim feature and you have your your health meter.
You can pick up health pickups.
You can get body armor.
And then, of course, when you, quote, die in game, you respawn at the at the hospital,
losing your weapons and armor and some of your money.
And then, of course, you associate with her, Matt says, I mean, it is Florida,
but you also can commit crimes and it builds up your wanted meter on your HUD.
And so it increases the more crimes you commit.
And so your wanted meter, if you're encountered, like, say, by police, you
have to drive around or turn off or hide to get them off of your ass.
So like there's all kinds of other like interesting little mini games in there,
like vigilante vigilantism, firefighting, paramedics driving a taxi.
You can buy businesses like a porn studio and a taxi company.
You can own clubs, you know, all kinds of stuff like that.
And then, you know, and I'm not going to get too much into the story.
If you really if you haven't already played it and you care about it, there's videos.
But but the particular game was started when GTA three was finishing its completion.
Just early development, like 3D models, really just getting that off the ground.
And then they were talking about like making a mission pack for GTA three.
And then instead of that, as they were going through it, they decided to make a GTA four.
The game was announced on May 22nd, 2002 at E3.
And it was at the time, Rockstar's North most expensive game.
The budget exceeded five million.
And then they had to postpone it a little bit and then.
It had like a number of various releases.
It was released for PlayStation two on October 29th in North America, November 8th in Europe.
This is in 2002.
Capcom published the game in Japan on May 20th, 2004 for PS2 and Windows,
and it was added to the Rockstar Games Launcher in September of 2002.
Rockstar Games Launcher in September 2019.
Now, I'll be honest, it's not my kind of game.
I don't enjoy.
The themes of the game, however, I fucking love watching people play it because I like
seeing how in depth the universe that these people live in, how how in depth and involved it is.
It's like, you know, me watching a movie.
The movie could be utter shit with the worst actors ever.
But if it has an engaging universe, I'm down, you know, like.
I'm not going to name any other examples on there, but it really
you can even see it if you look at the cover of the game, that that major Miami vice
with the pastels and the and the neons, just that whole I mean, sort of like how the retro
new wave things started coming back up a few years ago, very much makes me think of that.
So how well did it do when I make a guess?
Damn well, it printed money, it printed money.
Metacritic calculated an average store, a store, a score of ninety five out of a hundred.
That's pretty damn good.
It is the fifth highest rated PS2 game overall.
Tied with a few others, but, you know, overall,
a lot of the criticism for the game had more to do with the controls
and a few technical issues than anything else in the game.
It was considered to be one of the most impressive games.
And this is my favorite description of it from GameSpy's Raymond Padilla.
Deep, devilishly enjoyable and unique.
Devilishly enjoyable.
I'm going to steal that one day.
But let's go over just like with some of the other ratings were all game gave it a five out of five.
Eurogamer, ten out of ten.
Gameformer, ten out of ten.
Game Revolution, a GameSpot, nine point six out of ten.
GameSpy, ninety five out of a hundred.
IGN, nine point seven out of ten.
So, I mean, really, really amazing.
And it got a vehicle to ride that the last game didn't have.
You can ride around on a motorcycle.
You know, get your own wood rash on.
But it's it's just the Windows version, even that came out in May 2003,
and it was also highly acclaimed with its scores rivaling
maybe just under the console version.
They were, you know, it got really
a lot of kudos for its improvement in the rendering, like improved draw distance
and fewer texture issues
and actually having very reasonable requirements.
So Vice City was also released on mobile devices December 2012.
It was mostly favorable.
You know, a lot of the problems with it, it had actually enhanced visuals,
but the problems with it were the touch screen controls.
It was pretty, pretty well received overall.
But yeah, the game has made so much money.
And honestly, people are still all about it.
But then, but then.
There were a few controversies
because you can't have a GTA game without, you know, controversies
and Grand Theft Auto.
No, I'm and the other reason I picked this one is
I didn't want to deal with the fucking hot coffee thing.
But anyway, part of, you know, people, of course,
there was the violence issue, the objectification,
a lot of the ethnic stereotypes,
you know, just like, you know, showing that people immigrated
from a certain place were, you know,
drug dealers or thugs or whatever.
But, you know, and of course,
and it was it was a mature game in Australia.
It was actually edited a lot to get an M.A.
15 plus classification.
And then there was later on an uncensored version
that came out over there that kept its classification.
There was a six hundred million dollar lawsuit
against Cody Posey, Rockstar Games, Take Two Interactive
and Sony claiming that
14 year old Cody Posey played the game obsessively
before murdering his father, stepmother and step sister
at a ranch in the Hondo, New Mexico.
And they were also, though, blaming Zoloft.
Just I take that I haven't killed anybody
that I'll talk about.
I'm kidding. Haven't. Haven't done it at all.
But the case was dismissed in 2007
as New Mexico had no jurisdiction for Sony or Take Two.
Another there were other cases out there, as in Jack Thompson.
Not that name again, but it's been a few years.
I feel like it's been a decade.
He slid into obscurity some time ago and rightfully so.
Yeah, but he he brought up
a lawsuit about an eight year old named Devin Moore,
who killed two Alabama police officers and a dispatcher
before fleeing in a patrol car and was apprehended.
And he was quoted saying, life is like a video game.
Everyone's got to die sometime.
But. Thompson removed himself from the case,
actually, from a couple of cases that he had been involved in
because of his unprofessional conduct.
The Supreme Court rejected an appeal to and they dismissed the case
and rejected the appeal by the defendants to dismiss the case.
Moving on the psychic readers network.
And they sued Rockstar over a character named Ante Pollay,
which doesn't that mean chicken play?
Anyway, saying that the characters between her and
Yuri Harris, who voiced the character,
that it was copyright infringement
and that it was it was really just parody.
So, yeah, there were
its legacy has been pretty, pretty intense.
You know, it's definitely raised the bar for for video games since then.
Oh, gosh. Yeah, I think it was disbarred a while ago.
I don't know. I didn't care enough about the about the loser to
look into what happened to him.
But it has had so many releases.
So there for all the ports
after the PS2 version, there was a Windows version.
There was a GameCube version that was planned, but canceled.
It was bundled with Grand Theft Auto three and a compilation
titled Grand Theft Auto Double Pack on Xbox.
The Xbox version also had a custom soundtrack
and improved audio models, reflections.
And it also the double pack was also bundled with
San Andreas compilation called Grand Theft Auto, the trilogy.
The trilogy was also released for Mac OS X, November 12, 2010.
It's OS X, not OS X people.
X is a Roman numeral.
It was also released on iOS and Android,
following more of the Windows version of the game,
but had enhanced visuals in the customized layout.
There was also a Fire OS version,
an emulated version of Vice City was playable on PS3.
That was with the PlayStation Network's PS2 Classics.
Another emulated version for PS4 upscaled to 1080p
with PlayStation Trophies.
There is a remastered version called the Definitive Edition
that was released on Windows, Switch, PS4, PS5, Xbox One,
Xbox Series X slash S, more versions for Android and iOS in development.
Another group reverse engineered the game
and released it as an executable in 2020.
It was called ReVC that lets you put it on Switch, Vita, Wii U.
Take-Two issued a DMCA takedown on the project.
But there's a lot more about just where it stands in legalities.
You know, there are people then trying to reverse engineer it
and put it everywhere and Take-Two is like, oh, no, no, no.
Bad people, no.
But that's it.
I know there's a lot to cover on that one and I glossed over a bunch.
If you're interested, though, there there's a really good
I'd have to find it again.
There's a really good documentary about the entire evolution
of the Grand Theft Auto series down to every new version
in the platform that it was on.
And I highly recommend watching it if you're really interested in it.
Um, Boz, there was no code for hot coffee and it wasn't even in this game,
which is why I didn't do the game that the hot coffee was in.
Because as part of this, which a great pick for Classic Game of the Week,
obviously had to be done eventually,
because it got brought up, I also was legitimately curious
whatever happened to that bitch.
So I went to the wiki for Jack Thompson to see whatever happened to that bitch.
And yes, you all are right.
He was disbarred.
We, you know, we covered that a million times over.
It's interesting because the it talks about his activities through about 2008,
2009, and then there's nothing but a single sentence.
And again, this is it's sourced, but it's yeah, it's sourced, but it's it's wiki.
So, you know, whatever anybody could have written it.
But in an April 2016 interview with Inverse, which is an online magazine,
Thompson stated he was teaching civics classes to inmates in the Florida prison system,
including an American history and constitutional law class
at the Everglades Correctional Institution.
So.
As a fellow inmate or?
No, no.
Oh.
So, oh, God.
Did you see the section about Janet Reno?
No, I didn't.
I didn't want to read everything.
I have to.
This is great.
OK.
He met Janet Reno in 1975, applied for a job, but was not hired.
He.
He had.
Sent her a letter to have her check a box to indicate whether she was homosexual,
bisexual or heterosexual, and then she put a hand on his shoulder and responded,
I'm only interested in virile men.
That's why I'm not attracted to you.
I miss Janet Reno.
Like the thing the thing I miss about Janet Reno most was that when Will Ferrer
would parody her on Saturday Night Live with the dance parties,
not only was that whole thing really funny, but she came on and did one.
And they had a laugh together.
Like she was very like self-deprecating in that way.
And, you know, that's it's great.
And for anyone who only knows him about this, he was also the one responsible
for the lawsuit against NWA, 2 Live Crew, all of that going on.
Oh, that's how he got famous.
I'm using my quotey fingers in the first place.
He went around a bunch of rap.
He went after a bunch of rap groups.
He went after Ice-T for for that rather famous song of his and Madonna.
So, yeah, whatever.
Anyway.
All right.
All right.
Well, there's your update on that one.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk of the sickest of sick burns from Janet Reno.
Let us not speak of his name again for another seven years.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk about some other things going on in the gaming industry, but we can do it quickly.
Loki, rapid fire news.
Yeah, as we talked about last week, there was a game that leaked out and now there's the official announcement.
So it's Lego 2K Drive.
It is an open world racing game.
Kind of think of almost for maybe a little bit of Forza, but obviously not.
But it is a Lego game and you drive and race around.
Unfortunately, it is a 2K game.
And with that, there are season passes.
There are in-game currencies.
There are monetization's and there are seventy dollar price tags, assuming you buy the base game.
In which case, then also it could be upwards to ninety nine or even more than that for the game.
So. That's probably a pass for me, even though it does look cool, but like.
No, no.
And then, of course, you know, continuing on with their cereal domination,
Minecraft is doing yet another cereal this time.
They are doing Minecraft flavored Frosted Flakes, I guess.
It basically has marshmallows in it and their square marshmallows.
It's better than their first cereal to ruin cereals by putting in gross marshmallows.
I mean, yeah, well, they're their original Minecraft cereal that they have and my kids have had.
It was like cinnamon cereal, but like not cinnamon sugar is like cinnamon with marshmallows.
So I'll take Frosted Flakes with marshmallows over cinnamon with marshmallows.
I don't know why they keep doing cinnamon, like stop doing cinnamon.
I also cannot stand the concept of marshmallows and cereal because I don't.
OK, because I'm the weirdo. I don't like my cereal and milk.
I like to just eat cereal.
But the marshmallows that they put in cereal is meant to be put in milk to actually become full marshmallow.
But there's gross anyway.
Marshmallows are gross, but these are the gross of the gross.
Yeah, but the licorice of marshmallows.
I love the dehydrated marshmallows.
I love I love Lucky Charms because like you chew into the marshmallow.
It's kind of like chewing on an eraser.
It's just great. I love it.
I could. And now keep in mind, I was I was the kid that liked Grape Nuts.
Yeah, I'm like, I like Frosted Mini Wheats.
That's that's my favorite.
You know what? You know what?
My cereal, so like I'm on both sides of the spectrum with cereals there.
So like it's either like Captain Crunch or Total.
I love Total.
See, here's the thing.
A diabetes diagnosis will change your perspective on cereal significantly.
I don't I can't there's an interesting brand.
I'm not going to name it because they pay a lot of money for advertising on social media.
But there's there is a brand that is trying to make low carb cereal and they actually sell it at Target now.
And I've had it and it's it's OK.
But it's all about portion.
You haven't heard of it?
No, I'll text you.
I have Turbo. I don't watch ads.
Oh, no, no, it's it's oh, you don't you don't read Facebook, it's Facebook ads.
So Facebook, Facebook, I've completely divorced myself from the entire Facebook universe.
Jealous, but it's easy.
Just don't do it. Yeah.
So but yeah.
So there's there's a very popular brand.
Yes. Deft said it in chat.
That's as much as I'll give you for the podcast for the podcast.
All right. But it's it's OK.
But you can kind of tell that you're eating something that's like, I can't believe it's not cereal.
Like it's like it's very it's it's the margarine of cereals.
It really is.
All right.
And Bobby, just just as an FYI, the rest of my family is on Facebook.
I'm still not going on there.
If they want to talk to me, they can message me.
Family, who talks to them?
All right. I'm just kidding.
I talk to my dad as much as I can.
All right. Moving on, let's move on and oh, we still have actually I'm sorry, some stories here.
Let's go to Dark Sakura.
Oh, this is another interesting collaboration.
I love this. Yeah.
And I kind of don't know what to think, except I need to just like go buy a bunch of this and then have a place that has an accessible bathtub.
But they are selling.
Lush has a collaboration with the Super Mario Brothers movie.
And they have a series of bath soaps to, quote, power up your bathing.
There's a cola scented Mario shower gel, apple for Luigi, a warm and spicy Bowser shower jelly and a peach shower jelly.
So, yay.
But the thing that I care about is the question block bath bomb.
And I am going to quote the article here because they did miss a freaking opportunity.
They should have called it a bath bomb.
Oh, they should have called it a bath bomb, I love that.
But at any rate, you drop the question block into your bath and you get a super power toy, a coin, you get a fire flower or, you know, a star or, you know, one up or something.
And like, I'm not going to lie, I got some of the Hello Kitty ones for the same thing.
So I would do this.
It just depends on what it smells like.
I am like ridiculously sensitive to some smells.
I like Lush, but I get like, I kind of feel high when I'm in there too long, like overstimulated.
It is an overpowering, yeah.
And also, I still have the same chocolate lotion bar that I bought five years ago.
I've almost used it up, but I still have it.
I actually, it's one of those things where it's like, I love me a bubble bath.
I do, especially now that Alan and I have a house with a tub that lends itself to being able to do that.
Like, I'm going to have to go to Lush.
And that's one of those places where you walk in there and those hounds that work there will upsell you, upsell you.
They're so, so good at that stuff.
Like, I'll go into Lush and like $100 later, I'll be like, why did I buy all this shit?
But anyway, but I do love me a bubble bath.
So, all right, moving on.
Let's talk about...
Body washes soap.
Yeah.
Just saying it's for a tiger claw.
It doesn't.
Yeah.
I don't even know, what did Lush pull on YouTube?
I didn't know about a thing like that.
I didn't know about something that they did on YouTube.
So...
Well, let me read this while I wait for elaboration on that.
Let's talk about the Bloodstained Curse of the Moon Chronicles.
There is a physical switch bundle that is being announced for Japan.
And that is going to come out with an art book, a two-disc soundtrack CD and an acrylic keychain.
It's being released on July 13th for 4180.
I'm sorry, the regular edition is 4180 yen.
The premium limited edition, 9980 yen for that.
And again, this is for Bloodstained Curse of the Moon, which basically if you're a Castlevania fan, this is all you have now.
So, some people may be interested in that.
All righty, Fixation Gay says, Lush bought a URL that a small creator was using and YouTube basically let them steal it.
Oh, you know, we had brought up that site Kick earlier, and I heard a similar thing happened over there, which is not a good look for them.
And that was actually the whole thing that made me go think, oh, I should go state claim to my name over there now.
Not that it's going to matter, but I don't think there's a...
Why do you think I have never let go of DarkSakurai.com?
Oh, I don't believe you.
I don't think there's a lot of people using the name Rob Roberts, but I know there's a politician in the UK who is apparently an arsehole, from what I understand.
But I don't know much about him.
But apparently there's a politician over there who's got a lot of troubles.
I share my stage name with a porn star.
Well, and the Bionic Woman, for God's sake.
No, no, no, I spell mine differently than the Bionic Woman, remember?
No, OK. Oh, you mean down to the spelling.
Yeah, down to the spelling, because because the Bionic Woman is J-A-I-M-E-S-O-M-M-E-R-S and mine is J-A-M-I-E.
I get pissed off when people misspell my name out here.
I'm looking at you, everybody ever at Starbucks and S-U-M-M-E-R-S.
So, so, yeah.
Um. Although, Rob, you remember this, Jessica's ex.
Yeah, and I had the same name down to last name, and we got each other's mail
and I still got his mail years after they were they were broken up until I got married.
Yeah. I'm not saying what my old name was.
Of course not. The concept of a maiden name is disgusting.
All right. Let's move on and try to check out some releases, things that will be coming out a little sooner than the Curse of the Moon Chronicles bundle.
World release date starting in the U.S., Loki.
Yeah, we have Nine Years of Shadows on PC and Crime Boss, Rock K.
City. That's awesome.
Can't wait to play that. That'll be coming out this week as well.
Last of Us Part One on PC, MLB The Show 23 on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Sifu on Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Dredge on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
The Great War Western Front on PC.
Raven Bound on PC, Saga of Sins on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Blade Assault on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
That is it.
All right. Going over to Japan on the 30th of March on the Nintendo Switch, we have Serial Cleaners is coming out.
Is this a game? What I think it is.
Oh, no, I literally thought this is going to be a game about cleaning, like Powerwash Simulator, but like next level, like for people who just can't get enough, never be clean.
I thought it would be that.
Speaking of Serial Mom.
No, sadly, it is nothing like that.
It is about, it says straight out of 90s, but it's getting rid of bodies, making the place spotless and don't get caught.
You alternate between four characters with a unique skill set, and it's set in the era of 90s cult movies.
So I guess that is interesting.
You're cleaning up crime scenes.
I guess that is kind of an interesting concept for a game.
So that is out on the Switch this week.
Also, Tales of the Neon Sea also out this week.
Winning post 10.
That's right. Winning post series.
It's still going.
And Koei Tecmo is putting out the 10th version in Japan this week.
That is all on the Switch.
Also in Japan on the PlayStation 5 this week, The Chant, as well as Tales of the Neon Sea, winning post 10, not skipping the PlayStation.
So it's out there as well.
Let's move over to the UK.
Dark Sakura.
Bare handful.
On the 28th on Switch, we have Session Skatesim.
Also, actually, all of these are on the 30th.
Also on Switch, we have Ravensburger Memory.
Dredge for PlayStation, Xbox, and Switch, not to be confused with The Dredge, most annoying killer ever.
Well, one of them.
And then also on the 30th, we have Sifu, Vengeance Edition for Xbox.
All right, we have a few more stories for you, and then we have the mailbag as well as your calls, if we have any tonight.
vognetwork.com.
That's vognetwork.com slash Discord is how to join our Discord server.
Let's move on.
We have some more stories.
So let's go over to Loki.
Oh, yes, I'm so excited.
The news that Ubisoft is going to use AI to help them write dialogue.
That's great.
We know how that goes.
Can the AI help them write, make better games that aren't all derivative of the Far Cry?
The AI can run companies more effectively, it turns out.
They've developed a tool called Ghostwriter.
It says, introducing Ubisoft Ghostwriter, an AI tool developed in-house that aims to support our scriptwriters by generating the first draft of our NPC barks and phrases or sounds made by NPCs when players interact with them in the game world.
It says the tool was created hand in hand with scriptwriters to create more realistic NPC interactions by generating variations on pieces of dialogue.
And yeah, neat, I guess.
I don't know, like,
Ubisoft of all companies, you know, really hearing that some of the work is being tasked to AI, like, I just, I feel that like, their games already feel like they're generated by AI, like, let alone, you know, actually using AI for stuff.
I understand that this is kind of, you know, to save some time, but not a great look.
Can the AI solve the problem of, you know, the rampant sexual harassment that's going on in the company? Can Ghostwriter take care of that too?
As I said earlier in the show, the AI can make a better CEO for the company than Bobby Kotick.
Let me actually so while you were saying that I actually just threw this into the Google bard thingy thing.
So let me show that and by the way, why is it now? It didn't used to do this. But when I try to set up b roll on my other monitor, it makes your guys's squares gray.
It didn't used to do that. I have to figure out what's going on behind the scenes. So sorry about that. But I just said I said, Okay, make up a new killer for the game Dead by Daylight.
And it says, here's a new killer that I'm not going to read the whole thing, but it came up with a killer called the puppeteer. The puppeteer can control the movements of other survivors by using a special puppet.
The puppet can be used to attack survivors, block them from escape routes, or even force them to self sabotage. Okay, this all sounds fine and good.
The what? The bellmaster from VHS?
This clearly was stolen from a fan thing or another game even like you're suggesting from somewhere. Right? That's that's the whole thing where like this-
Orange, right, we already have the pig.
This AI thing is kind of going, right? And fixation gaze says, yeah, that's someone's idea, right? And and I realized the usage of the term AI is a little bit nuanced.
I'm using that here because that is what the industry and most, you know, commentators are saying right now. I realize, you know, some may say this is like machine learning, or this is just this is just really let me Google that for you to the next level because it's using a lot of predictive stuff to do this.
But my point is, a lot of what just came up in that little thing about make up a new killer that was stolen from somewhere. I guarantee it.
Yeah, from Reddit, because I just searched Dead by Daylight Puppeteer. And there's someone that there in this big old thing.
An AI cannot create its own answer without having learned it from other sources. That is the essence of machine learning.
Exactly, exactly.
So, I'll, yeah, I mean, I've taken a few courses on machine learning lately.
The, for anyone who's saying, oh, it's going to be able to make these logical decisions and everything, all of its decisions are going to be based by the input of whatever goes into its database.
I mean, some of the stuff that they've seen, and not necessarily-
This isn't Detroit, y'all.
But like GPT-4, whatever, they've been doing a hustle GPT, where they basically feed in like, okay, hey, you have $100 to spend, you know, we're going to start a business that's going to make as much money as possible.
You tell me what to do, and I'll do it. And then it'll basically walk you through the whole process of doing everything.
I'm going to see-
Actually making money with it, too.
I did this earlier and I got an answer and I have to share it here because you guys will get a kick out of this.
Okay, here we go. So I asked Bard, what is the longest running video game podcast?
And it told me the longest running video game podcast is another show, which has been running since 2002.
It's a weekly radio show that is broadcast live on the internet and is also available as a podcast.
This particular show also started on the radio somewhere.
And I actually, I'm not sure that's the year they actually started.
I have to go look it up or whatever.
But if you didn't know, this show has been running since June 23rd, 2002.
And we're pretty confident we're the longest running video game podcast, weekly, uninterrupted at this point.
So, and I like if this had come up and said gamer tag radio-
Except for Star Trek Cruises?
What's that?
Except for Star Trek Cruises?
Well, yeah, uninterrupted.
Every show gets, people take Christmas and New Year's off.
Anyway, if this had come up and said gamer tag radio, at least I would have understood that one because, you know, he puts out multiple episodes a week and he crossed 1000 episodes some time ago.
So I would have at least kind of got like, it's kind of your perception of what is longest to me.
It started in 2006.
We are the longest chronologically running.
So it's not even correct on the year that they started, which no disrespect to this show.
They work very hard.
This is not about us versus them.
This is just about, we're very proud of the long legacy that this show has created and the fact that people still don't know about it.
And like, you know, we're somehow that cool indie band, 21 years after the fact.
We're very proud of that.
And so I just, I get irritated because actually, if you go in and you look at some of the, one of them, like one of the suggestions even said they're the Guinness World Record holder.
And that's what I went, hold up.
But I actually couldn't find anything to source that.
Yeah, Bard made that shit up.
I tried to apply.
I do.
I do.
That's why I went, hold the fuck up.
That's exactly why I did that.
Right.
We have to apply as a company, by the way.
Yeah.
So yeah, if you search for one life left, it says, I was trying to do a call out post Loki.
I don't care.
Whatever.
Uh, even say it's the world's longest, the world's longest running video game podcast, which is false.
So yeah, it's,
I want to be, I want to be clear because I don't, I don't want a silly war starting because we're all in it together.
We're all podcasties.
This is not an us versus them thing.
This is just an AI doesn't get the facts right because it can't be nuanced enough sometimes.
So it's, that's what it is.
So anyway, but so the whole MPC dialogue and my point I was trying to make was that sure it can, and I realized they're not going to be using literally Google Bard or chat, GBT or whatever, but whatever it is they're using.
You know, I guess if it trains off of Ubisoft games, then whatever, whatever, but it's, it's all going to sound like a copy of something else.
Now, granted, some of you feel that video game quest text is already at that point.
Oh, oh, Rob.
What's that?
I'm sorry, this, I'm not meaning to set this off, but there's something that went back to a very earlier thing that we talked about.
Okay.
Um, on the homepage of Twitch now, I think this is, this is on the German page.
Anyway, there is a Luna link right at the top of the page.
They're, they have Luna at the bar on the top, but that's like, like throwing a link is literally the, the most minimal thing they could do.
You don't even notice it.
Yeah.
And actually, yes, that says quite a, quite enough right there.
You've never noticed it.
With that I don't go to the homepage.
I just go to my follower page.
Fair.
Interesting.
I do go to the homepage, but then I instantly click things on the left.
So I guess I never think to go to my followers page directly.
It's interesting.
Anyway.
Uh, all right, let's move on.
We still have a few more stories.
Dark Sakura.
Um, so Silent Hill 2 remake.
Um, it is near completion according to the Bloober team.
Um, they don't have a launch date yet, but they are revealing that it will be quote sooner rather than later.
Um, according to a Polish outlet called Bankier, um, they said the game is technically ready.
Um, but they're, it's not complete.
It's close to completion.
Um, and that the release schedule and promotional marketing is actually going out by Konami themselves.
Um, so that's out of their hands.
Um, but yeah, the, um, I'm pretty excited.
They also are saying that the nurse enemies are now have black stockings.
And according to, uh, Ito, the art director, um, it, it was because the original nurses exposed too much skin.
Hmm.
But, um, a lot of the fans are saying that this goes more with James Sunderland's, uh, psychosexual mental state.
So, but you can, you can already wishlist it on steam.
So I think that's pretty cool.
Yeah.
I wonder if, um, whatever is coming for E3, which by the way, not to get too much on a tangent, but I'm going to, cause I was ready to come on this show and be like, so Hey folks, we're like less than three months from E3.
Um, are what the fuck is happening?
Apparently E3 registration did open up at some point to like me and they are supposedly targeting podcasters.
I almost wanted to apply just for the lols.
Like I have no intention on going just because I don't have the time off to do it.
I mean, I do, but I don't.
Um, so it's, I almost want to apply for those, but, um, if one of you want to apply, go for it.
I don't care.
But, uh,
does that mean I have to do like another writing sample?
Jamie just said everything with her face.
No, the application is completely different now.
So they've, they've changed that.
So for better or for worse, we'll see.
When is it again?
Middle of June.
I know that's so descriptive.
I'm sorry.
Like maybe.
Well, no, no, because, um, I took the week off for my birthday.
Um, and then I'm going to TwitchCon.
So,
Oh yeah.
I was just saying, no, your birthday is way too early and TwitchCon is too late.
It's middle of June somewhere.
I'm not going to be able to swing it.
I would have done it just for shits and then going to, and then to go to Disneyland.
Yeah.
I got to admit, I'm still, I'm still a little bit tempted, but anyway, long story, but they, I have not seen E3 open up to general public.
Now, I guess I should go to the website cause I, I don't, I would hate to sit here and, you know, I, if I'm, if I'm going to be critical, I want to be accurate.
Okay.
So I guess I could look here live on air, but I don't think the, uh, general registration is still open.
I think industry and media and that whole thing is open, but not the general population is still not open.
But folks, it is less than three months from E3.
If you want to get a flight to Los Angeles, 90 days is the sweet spot to do it.
There it is.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you, Bobby.
I knew somebody in chat.
Not open yet.
Gamer registration page says coming soon.
Sure.
Is it though?
No shit about E3 anymore.
It is not relevant.
I know.
End of story.
I know.
But I just, when, when the press release finally comes out that says, oh, we had to cancel E3.
I just want to be able to say, mm hmm.
I wouldn't, I would go to see if I can get a Sega t-shirt.
And then go to Disneyland in my Sega t-shirt.
I would go to take sad selfies in front of the NFT booths.
That's what I would go for.
And, and maybe see what sort of vaporware we're looking at again.
I remember the Phantom.
All right.
You guys in chat are cracking me up.
SSU100Matt says the ball pit will be fantastic.
Fire Festival E3.
Make it deep enough.
I wonder if I, Rob, I wonder if I would run into Kojima again.
Like I did.
Why would he go?
Why would he go?
It's a joke.
It is.
It is.
Well, Konami may actually announce whatever June thing there is.
So in all seriousness, Summer Game Fest now, and announcements that come with that.
Maybe we'll see a Silent Hill 2 thing come out of that.
That could be very interesting.
So.
My three happy E3 memories ever was getting to chat through an interpreter with Koji Kondo and getting his autograph.
And partially getting to meet Akira Yamaoka.
And getting my picture taken with Igarashi and making him jump out of his skin when I asked him in Japanese, if I could.
You were there for that.
I was.
I was.
You took the picture.
I did.
Yeah.
Notice I wasn't in the picture.
I just didn't know.
With his hat.
That hat.
Meeting Igarashi was, was pretty cool.
He's a rock star.
Yeah.
All right, moving on.
Just a couple more stories and then we can wrap up.
So, Loki.
All right.
So I think we talked about this before.
The Unreal editor that's coming out for Fortnite that basically allows you to kind of make your own games and stuff out of it.
It's kind of like.
That was last week.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's, it's kind of like Roblox, but not like Roblox.
It's more like, almost like Dreams a little bit.
But, um, people have already been making things out of it and it looks pretty fantastic.
And we have things, of course, recreating other games is something that has been a common theme.
So we have, uh, no World 1-1, but, you know, uh, Grove Street from Grand Theft Auto 5.
Um, you have people recreating Counter-Strike levels, Mario Kart tracks, um, the, uh, castle from, uh, Super Mario 64.
That type of stuff.
And even folks have brought in, um, the original map from Fortnite into Fortnite.
And you can actually play it too, which is pretty cool.
So yeah, I'm very excited to see what they do with this, but I'm not sure how the games are going to be presented in there.
How you can actually play all this stuff, but it sounds cool.
Yeah.
Uh, I, it's only been a week and I, but what cracked me up most about that story was somebody put the original Fortnite.
Fortnite map back in Fortnite, because of course they did.
I like the original.
Fortnite can't get away with changing those, but they will, of course, but it's just funny.
People are always going to miss the old shit and they'll, now they can use this to put it right back in there, which is funnier, funnier.
So, all right.
And lastly, tonight we have news on the next game from the creators of Genshin Impact, which is a game I tried to get into.
It didn't really land for me.
Maybe this one will, I don't know.
But it's a game called Honkai Star Rail.
It's going to be coming out on PC and mobile.
And they say a PlayStation version will be coming later for five and four.
This is now a space fantasy tactical RPG, and it's turn-based unlike Genshin Impact, which almost feels like kind of Breath of the Wild gone anime a little bit mixed with some traditional RPG elements.
But Honkai is going to be a turn-based RPG, which could be very interesting.
And there are trailers, but the trailers don't tell you shit.
They're just basically anime characters and all that stuff and trying to get you into it.
The story will follow a protagonist with a stellaron implant that is a mysterious life form that responds to the world's desire to advance on a quest to discover the truth about the, their words, cancer of all worlds.
The tutorial level is on Herta Space Station, and then you go to a snow planet, Jorilov 6, and other diverse world.
It is a free to play game.
And of course, that means they're going to use gacha mechanics, loot boxes, characters, items to monetize.
Do you go to diverse systems?
No.
So this is a free to play game.
It's going to be rated T for Teen.
It will be on PC, but it is exclusive to Epic Game Store on PC.
But it'll also be available on iOS and Android and then eventually a PlayStation version.
And that seemed to be when Genshin really took off.
So it'll be interesting to see that how this does at first, but we'll see.
So.
All right.
That's it for the stories we have on deck currently.
I did want to mention, it oddly didn't come up in the rest of the show.
But there were some big conventions going on this weekend, namely Game Developers Conference,
which some of these things, which funny enough, you know, that whole Counter-Strike 2 thing
that was timed at the exact same time as Epic's big thing at Game Developer Conference.
Coincidence?
I think not.
I think not.
But just something interesting to know.
But Game Developers Conference was this weekend, of course.
And so, you know, not that Game Developers Conference is a place where they do a lot
of announcements, but sometimes we get things out of it, right?
Like Sony has been known to show off things.
Like I want to say the move was there, you know, some time ago.
Sometimes it might be about more like peripherals and those sorts of things to like future
developments of these things.
But you usually don't get a lot of gaming news news out of GDC.
PAX East was also this weekend.
Again, not a place you get a ton of news usually, but there are oftentimes panels
that can even be put on by developers.
And so actually, I know there was a Final Fantasy XIV panel as well as a Final Fantasy
XVI panel because Yoshida was there.
But it didn't seem like there was a lot of new information out of those panels, except
apparently, you know, if you believe it, and I don't see why not, Yoshi P was playing
Final Fantasy XVI on a PlayStation 5 live.
Like they had the controller there and they were playing the game live.
So it's that close to being done, which for a June release, you would expect it needs
to be at that kind of state at this point.
It may not be like gold, but at real close, real close at this point.
So, yeah.
And DJ Rama S also points off a ton of other gaming adjacent, you know, nerdy conventions
and other places too.
WonderCon, ZenkaiaCon, GalaxyCon, all of those are this week.
I had a friend at WonderCon.
So it's, yeah, busy.
And I know the cast of, at least some of the cast of anime jam session was at ZenkaiaCon
because I saw DJ Rama's post.
So ZenkaiaCon, no ZenkaiaCon, ZenkaiaCon.
I keep adding an extra vowel.
All right.
So anyway, let's go to the listener roundtable.
We want to check in with some emails.
Participate at orangesontrated.com is the place to send some emails.
You can also join our discord server, vognetwork.com slash discord.
If you want to be able to call the show, we have a room that says green room and we'll
take calls there.
So let's get to the mailbag.
Participate at orangesontrated.com.
Too much crap on my desk.
So we do have an email.
Yay.
Uno.
If you're ready?
Yes.
Hello, LR.
So, hi, Y-Y-R.
You may already have mentioned this earlier in the show, but for the possible benefits
of the live listeners, I just want to iterate or reiterate one thing tonight.
March 26 could be your last opportunity to purchase games, DLC, and other items from
the Nintendo eShop, either on 3DS or Wii U.
Nintendo's own language is vague.
As of March 27th, 2023, it will no longer be possible to make purchases.
So as we don't know whether the shop is shutting down tonight at midnight Pacific time, tomorrow
morning, or at some other time tomorrow, it would be prudent to assume that tonight is
your last chance.
I was wondering if it was going to be on Tokyo time.
Anyway, while this is not the first digital store shut down on a major platform, it's
certainly the most significant to date.
We are not often lamenting the loss of DLC on the original Xbox or the loss of the PlayStation
mobile games on Vita, but here we are losing a significant portion of Nintendo's history,
spanning over 10 years and even more than that if you consider that this will mark the
end of Virtual Console.
Yes, it will no longer be possible to outright buy digital copies of Nintendo's classic games.
After tomorrow, you can only subscribe to them via Nintendo Switch online.
It is still possible to add funds to your 3DS and Wii U as long as you linked them to
your Nintendo account.
Just add funds either on your Switch or on Nintendo's website and they will instantly
appear on your linked 3DS and Wii U consoles.
It will also be possible to redownload content after the closures.
Don't worry about that.
Here is a partial list of things that will be disappearing tomorrow that you might not
have considered.
All of the games available via Street Pass Me Plaza, Street Pass itself will still work.
All of the DLC available for all of the Fire Emblem games released on 3DS.
This includes the entire final campaign of the Fire Emblem Fates, which is only otherwise
available on the physical special edition, which now goes for over $500 on eBay.
The Nintendo DS Virtual Console games available on Wii U, which will allow you to use your
TV as the top screen and the Wii U gamepad as the bottom screen.
All of the hundreds of available free demos, the ability to unlock minigames and Rusty's
real-deal baseball, as well as the ability to progress through the story of the game
itself.
The digital versions of Pokemon Red, Blue, Yellow, Gold, Silver, and Crystal, which will
allow you to transfer Pokemon forward into other 3DS games or the new Pokemon Home.
The Pokemon Bank app, which you'll need if you want to transfer anything forward from
any of the pre-switch Pokemon games.
The ridiculous love child of Derby Owners Club and Tri-Peak Solitaire that is Pocket
Card Jockey.
Trust me on this one, it's $6 well spent.
Just one more reminder that DLC in the Nintendo 3DS games is only available via the games
themselves.
In some cases, you'll need to progress beyond a certain point before the DLC becomes available.
For example, in New Super Mario Brothers 2, you need to finish World 1 before you can
buy the Coin Rush Course packs.
Good luck to everyone and try not to spend too much, and of course, enjoy your week.
I spent way too much money.
Aaron, YYR.
Well, thanks for the heads up, Aaron.
We did talk a little bit about this last week, but...
Oh, go ahead.
Well, I was just going to say what Mike said, Pocket Card Jockey is on Apple Arcade.
There was a little bit of...
YYR is talking with somebody in Discord about that and kind of giving his case for why
there may still be some reason to get the 3DS version even with the Apple Arcade version
out there, but that's really a preference thing at this point.
But I was going to point out, we did talk a little bit about this last week, but I know
YYR has been traveling because I saw where the gifts were coming from, YYR and Pokemon,
which I wish you'd let me know, but that's all right, that's all right.
It's freaking cute, by the way.
What's that?
The game is super cute, by the way.
Oh, yeah, it's cute.
But I did like in there that there were a lot of suggestions because we were asking for
those last week, and I had forgotten about things like Pocket Card Jockey and some of
those other things he kind of gets into there, so I like the recommendation list there.
I do want to say, with all that being said, there is a part of me, and I kind of referenced
this earlier in the show, there's a part of me that's like, you know what, at this point,
I don't want to reward Nintendo for what they're doing here, because you're right,
and I'm not policing anyone else's activity.
Y'all spend your money on what makes you happy.
I'm just going to be completely, bluntly, brutally honest.
If the store is closing at this point, and Nintendo is effectively done with support
for these systems, then I'm waiting for the next homebrew to come out to crack the shit
out of these things, because Nintendo probably won't patch it.
They might.
They still might.
I feel like they'll wake up their team enough to be able to do that, but I think we're
going to get some pretty solid homebrew stuff, and essentially, the piracy is going to be
wide open for this, and do I care at this point?
No, because Nintendo has literally taken the legitimate avenue away.
But let's also be honest, am I itching to get in there and play 3DS games and Wii U
games, especially with what else is going on this year?
Not really.
But I also understand, and I've openly admitted this on the show, I don't usually play a lot
of games on the go, and there are a lot of people that feel very differently about gaming
who love to play on the Switch, who love to play on the 3DS.
Cool.
So again, you've got to do what you've got to do.
For me, I don't want to give Nintendo any more money over this.
At this point, I'll turn to piracy if there's something, or emulation is probably what it'll
really be by the time I really want to get around to something.
I'll turn to emulation to look at playing some of these games from the past that I'd
like to do.
But we should also endorse the legitimate routes.
I realize it's a slippery slope.
There you go.
We have some calls.
Arguments by their nature are fallacious.
Let's get into the green room.
We have some calls waiting to get on air tonight, so let's get to it.
I'm going to start bringing some folks on, and let's bring our first caller on.
And hello, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Fixation Gaze, a friend of Jamie's and a short time enjoyer of the VOG Network.
Well, hello, hello.
I recognize you from Team Eat.
I believe you all call yourselves over there on our channel.
Yes.
So welcome to Orange Launch Radio.
Our branded jackets are coming soon, but thank you for having me.
I've never done a call-in before, but one of the topics I wanted to bring up is something
that makes me especially happy recently is the Resident 4 remake.
Yes, a friend of mine was playing this, and I was watching him play this.
It looks so good.
Yes, please elaborate.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, so I'm going to preface this with Resident Evil is a long time hyper fixation of mine.
So seeing the remake has been almost like kind of a sacrilegious kind of experience because
it's like they keep some of the things that make it so integral and so good, but then
they also add things.
And at first it's like, oh gosh, change is scary, which is normal for people who are
hardcore fans, but then they turn it into something like absolutely excellent.
Um, such as one of the biggest things that they changed that a lot of people won't really
see when they just play through the game normally is when you break boxes now, instead of like
taking out your knife, now Leon does a little kick.
And that's something you wouldn't notice with a normal gameplay, but with, but with, you
know, like compare and contrast exactly back to the old games, the one of the biggest things
that some people didn't like was how it was slow to take out your knife and hit boxes.
And now it's sped up in a way that's believable.
So it was terrifying to see like a new aspect of something I care very deeply about, but
they they've treaded that ground with such care and respect that it is.
I really applaud Capcom on this, but I also do have to bring up the, uh, a lot of people
have been talking about how it glitches and how it's causing computer crash crashes and
not working as well as it should.
And that is something to bring up.
Hopefully it's something they can kind of address with patches, which I know we all
hate that this is where the industry is at, but the reality is this is where the industry
is at.
And I tend to cut these companies a little more slack when it comes to PC gaming, because
reality is every PC configuration is different.
So it is kind of hard to test every configuration.
So I do, I cut a little more slack on PC based issues because it can be hard to find those
things.
So at least there's that potential to patch that stuff later on.
And hopefully Capcom stays on top of that.
I think they will.
Their track record kind of shows they're pretty good about the patching and they can
get some of those issues fixed.
But considering what a legendary game Resident Evil 4 is, I mean, there's many, many people
that consider that that is the best GameCube game, period.
And maybe even other platforms too.
The fact that this is a bit of an upgrade when not everything lately in the remaster
department has been an upgrade.
The Secret of Mana remake kind of had some bad issues with it.
Trials of Mana came out a little better and I think maybe redeemed things, but Secret
of Mana really should have been better than it was.
Chrono Cross, we were talking about that.
Finally, a year after the fact, Radical Dreamers Edition gets a patch to fix it.
But the remaster, eh.
So it's nice to hear that Capcom is kind of getting a lot of Ws in these Resident Evil
because I know the earlier remasters were pretty well received too, but this was the
one people were really waiting for because it's like, don't screw up 4.
Don't screw up 4.
Yeah, because of how dense of a game 4 really is and how much it draws from and takes inspiration
because we're dealing with a virus that takes control of people's minds via parasites and
we're dealing with politics and we're dealing with giants and fish monsters.
There is so much in this game that is extremely easy to get it wrong.
It really is.
So the fact that they've taken it with grace and it feels good to go through the game.
It doesn't feel like any of it's rushed.
It feels like it's open enough.
There's a lot of double backing.
They've added new little side quests, which are a lot of fun.
But I feel like they've taken Resident Evil 4 and I think they did it really well.
They've of course removed some of the original funny lines, but they've kept a lot of what
makes Leon Leon at this phase in what is quote unquote his life, because of course this is
a game character.
But they've stayed true to what he was in Resident Evil 4.
And so far from what I've seen, I haven't played through the whole game, mind you.
They have stayed true to what Ashley is.
And that was another big thing about Resident Evil 4 originally was how fucking annoying
she was.
But it seems like they've toned her down, but also staying to her personality.
And that is something that's very important to me for the validity of it being a remaster.
And sometimes these remakes really do redeem certain characters.
I think back to the Final Fantasy 7 remake and Aerith.
And I think Jamie, I remember even you saying, you know, she doesn't bother me in the remake
as much as she did in the original.
But her fucking annoying as she was.
And the voice actors did a tremendous job as well.
Should be committed for that.
Absolutely.
I still don't have my save file so I can fight Jenova and then watch her die.
Let me ask you this, because I know we want to get to another call before we wrap up the
show, but I want to ask you this as someone who's a self-described Resident Evil fan.
You know, do you hope that they keep going with these remakes?
Do you want to see an RE5?
I know 5 and 6 weren't quite as well received in the bigger picture.
Do you want them to try again with those games?
Or where do you kind of hope these remakes go?
Or are you like, stop here, quit when you're ahead, stop here, don't do any more.
So this might be a controversial take because I speak on behalf of me, but not really like
Resident Evil fans as a whole, because we're kind of divided on some things.
But honestly, with the resources they have now and the ideas and how they've seen things
turn out, I think they should give it another shot, rework some of those games and release
them to be better.
I think they should absolutely go through with remaking the whole original series before
the new arc, which is the Ethan Winters arc that comes in 7 and 8.
But I think they should.
Because they really tried to bite more than they could chew when they made those games
originally.
And they should do it.
I think they should.
They should put their money where their mouth is and do it all.
Well, you have at least one person in chat agreeing with you because Shane says they
better remake 6.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Fixie, real quick before we let you go.
I know you're in the process of trying to grow your own.
Is that a nickname you prefer?
I'm only calling you that because Jamie calls you that.
Fine.
You're fine.
I've gotten a lot of variations on my username, and I think Fixie is my favorite so far.
Okay, okay.
So I know you're trying to grow your own Twitch channel.
I gave you a shout out on our channel, but do you want to quickly just kind of plug your
channel and what folks can expect over on your Twitch channel?
Oh, sure.
Absolutely.
Well, so my channel and my Twitch is what I primarily do is I play a lot of Dead by
Daylight, but I'm hoping as I upgrade my hardware and I stick to a schedule that I go into more
of the horror demographic because I used to be a balloon streamer and that is very much
anti everything horror.
It is very soft.
It's very noise is just like soft, repetitive noises.
But my next big goal is to play the entirety of the Outlast series and then want to start
and do the entire Resident Evil series.
Well, somebody, I'm going to tell you this, you won't catch me ever doing a play through
of Outlast, so you are braver than I.
I had a hyper fixation on Outlast Whistleblower, which is by far to me one of the most horrific
DLCs that has ever been made.
Oh, my gosh.
No, that was the game Amnesia I was thinking of where I saw this YouTube where somebody
I think it was the sequel Amnesia where somebody started it and literally within five seconds
they go, nope, and they close the game because it scared the shit out of them.
The first time I ever played Outlast, I had to keep the lights on in the room.
And I remember I was playing with friends because we had decided if one of us gets too
scared, another person will hop on and continue.
And they kept turning the lights off for quote unquote atmosphere.
And I said, I swear to God, if you do not turn that light on right now, I am not playing
this.
But now that I've gotten to be more of a horror buff and a lot more acclimated to screaming
due to Dead by Daylight and the jump scares that happen in a multiplayer game, I think
I'm ready to do it by myself with the lights off, with the lights off.
Oh, my gosh.
No, no.
I remember when I played Silent Hill Homecoming for the first time, I was playing it on Xbox
at home in the middle of a rainstorm.
And I was playing with the lights off, which is fine, whatever.
But as I was playing the game and they get to a scary scene, the rain and wind blew the
front door open because I guess I forgot to lock it.
And that's when I said, nope, nope, nope.
I closed the door, immediately powered off the Xbox, went into my room and totally did
the blanket burrito.
Or I said, this is where I live now.
I moved into a blanket.
I started actually being scared of Call of Duty zombies.
And now I've yeah, I used to be terrified of everything scary, but now now I fully immerse
myself into the scary culture.
I read scary stories in my old house with no lights on in the hallways, and I keep my
door open and I go to sleep.
I have fully tamed it out of me and I'm going to do some scary stuff.
So you guys should totally check me out on my Twitch channel if you like scary things.
All right.
Well, and Fixie and I co-stream.
Yeah, I saw you streaming the other night and you both were.
Yeah, I saw that.
So.
All right.
Well, Fixie, best of luck with the growth of your own channel.
I'm going to let you go so we can get another call in here before we end tonight.
But thanks so much for calling and good luck with the games and your channel growth.
Thank you so much for having me.
You're welcome.
Anytime.
Take care.
All right.
Fixie and I need to have like a watch party where we watch Midsommar.
Oh, my gosh.
Is Midsommar on the Amazon service or whatever?
I don't I don't know.
I have it on my Apple TV.
Oh, it's on Prime.
Cool, cool.
I love that movie.
I love like the full version of it.
We got to go to one more call here.
I definitely want to hear from this individual as well.
We haven't heard from in a little while, so let's bring them on the air.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, it's Sturlock.
Hey, Sturlock.
Thanks for being patient while we took another call.
How are you tonight?
I'm pretty good.
Uh, so it's not my main topic, but I wanted to add an addendum to YYR's email.
Please, because it's now or never.
Yeah, um.
If you're in the US, you're extra screwed because one of the best rhythm games is going
away and impossible to buy in the US, and that is Rhythm Heaven Megamix.
Yeah, released physically everywhere else but the US, so that's fun.
Yeah, a lot of people lamenting the loss of that one.
I know that's come up in our Discord several times.
Yep, great game.
One of the best one of the best rhythm games ever made.
I really, really, really hope Rhythm Heaven gets a Switch game, even if it's just a re-release
of Megamix, I would be happy.
Well, you'll be happy to know Bobby Blackwolf says that's the game that he bought on his
3DS this week.
Oh, good.
It was a great game.
So what else is on your mind tonight?
But the main thing I wanted to talk about was Diablo 4.
I was hoping this might be the case because we were talking on, not Twitter, the other
one, Mastodon a little bit about this.
How have you been enjoying the, and for those that have never heard you on the show before,
you are blind and you love the hell out of games.
So you oftentimes kind of enlighten us on the accessibility.
And actually I know, and I gave you a shout out in chat as well, because I know on your
Twitch channel, I've learned a lot from watching you play games like The Last of Us, like how
accessibility settings, like how they help.
It's one thing to know, like what's there, what's all available, but being able to see
you use these things, like as you're playing the game really helps me understand how they
really help.
So I'm actually, so anyway, sorry, but just to set that up for people who may not know
you.
I'm really curious about this afternoon.
Yeah, just afternoon.
I was playing Hades with some accessibility mods that that game has.
Hades is fantastic.
Even without accessibility mods, it's still pretty playable.
The mods just add some nice, you know, quality of life things specifically for blind people
and take a lot of the guesswork out of doing some things.
So what's your take on Diablo 4?
Diablo 4 is fantastic.
What about it gets you happy and excited?
Well, for one, text to speech menus, fantastic.
It's a little buggy currently in certain spots like the options menu, but I have full faith
that that's stuff that's going to be fixed, you know, on launch release.
Mm hmm.
And they're taking feedback.
So it's, you know, they're going to be well aware of this stuff.
The other thing I would say is I do wish we had some sort of nav assist a la Last of Us
because this is a much, much bigger world than Diablo 3.
Mm hmm.
But I mean, games, it's not even out yet.
I I think we'll we will get something.
I don't know what form that's going to take, but I think I think we we will get some sort
of, you know, assistance as far as that's concerned.
But the other big, big positive is that since we have text to speech, we can manage our
own gear, gear, you know, names of items and what they do, what their stats at all reads
for us.
And as a Diablo 3 player that, you know, blind people can't manage their gear, that's like
the really the one thing that you absolutely positively need a sighted person to do for
you is gear management.
And we don't need that anymore.
And it's fantastic.
Like audio feedback's gotten a lot better because I've noticed on certain operating
systems that voiceover is a lot better than it was.
Yeah.
Yeah, for whatever reason, the on PS4 PS5, it's not as robust.
And I think that just has to do with maybe it's a slightly older build, but I I think
it's going to have parity at launch.
I don't think that's going to be an issue.
Yeah.
But the other the other really amazing thing that they did for us specifically is you have
to turn it on the options menu, but items and gold, you know, loot essentially has background
ambience.
So you can tell when things are on the ground.
Yes, I've noticed that it's a version of that is on by default for legendaries.
Oh, that's it's on by default for legendary.
Yeah, because I hear like a shimmer type of noise when you're sending your legendary.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And the rarity to the different rarities have different sounds associated with them.
It's like, oh, that's just a common.
I can ignore that, like whatever.
And you can break it down, too, if you want.
Like, so if you don't care about like, oh, just ignore all the commons, you can absolutely
do that.
You can even break it down.
I only care about weapons or only care about like chess pieces or whatever.
You can absolutely do that.
The amount of control you have over it is pretty awesome.
Do you think I remember one of the last times you called in and granted it was a little
while ago now, but I remember we were kind of mourning the loss of Hearthstone, you know,
had an add on that was really helping folks.
And you were really hoping that Blizzard would kind of take up things with that to help the
community be able to play Hearthstone.
Do you feel like Blizzard now is being receptive to feedback from the community and these sorts
of things?
Absolutely.
There was actually an update to that whole situation.
I don't know if you reported on it, but Blizzard themselves have come out and said that because
of the outcry and the support for Hearthstone, that they are looking into adding in native
accessibility for Hearthstone themselves.
That's great.
The other really cool thing is that we didn't actually lose access to Hearthstone for all
that long because the Hearthstone access patch slash mod, whatever you want to call
it, has basically become a community driven project.
I thought that part, I think I do remember hearing about that the community kind of took
over maintenance of that.
And I've heard that happen in some other cases before, but that's great to be able to keep
that going.
But that's really awesome that Blizzard is, you know, listening to that sort of feedback
and really making these types of meaningful implementations that you can really feel in
a game like Diablo 4 when you're playing it.
And that's great.
Oh, and another thing to add to Hearthstone, which makes me think that they're taking
this pretty seriously, is somebody looked into, I guess there were some patch notes
or a roadmap update for Unity accessibility.
And they called out Blizzard specifically by name.
There is a patch note that talks about text to speech or like control elements or something
to that effect specifically for Blizzard or for use of Blizzard games.
Like they went out of their way to call them out by name.
So I think we could actually have accessible mobile Hearthstone, which would be pretty
epic, actually.
Well, fingers and toes crossed they can get there.
I really do feel like Blizzard is taking accessibility extremely seriously.
And actually, one of my friends, super blind man, is in the Hearthstone creator program
now.
So that's awesome.
It's really awesome.
Controversies aside, there are people at Blizzard that do very good things.
Right.
And we have to call out the problems when the problems come up.
But we can also acknowledge like, hey, this company took feedback and made meaningful
changes as a result of that feedback.
Let's applaud that.
And I think that's why I'm thankful you called in tonight to talk about how far the
accessibility has come in Diablo 4.
Is it completely there yet?
No.
But are we moving in a meaningful direction?
Sure.
Sounds like it.
It's a huge step in the direction.
I had fairly low expectations.
I figured we'd get maybe one or two things.
But the amount, the framework that's already here is really impressive.
And I can't wait to see what else they do with it.
All right.
Well, Sturlock, I have to let you go so we can wrap up the show.
But thank you so much for the call.
And I give you a shout out in chat.
I hope folks will consider following along and really getting your perspective on games,
because I think it's really enlightening.
So as we continue this conversation about accessibility on into the future.
All right.
Yeah, definitely.
Have a good one, Sturlock.
And I look forward to running Diablo 4 stuff with you in the future.
Yeah, definitely.
Good to hear from you again.
Yeah.
Take care.
Good to be here.
All right.
See you.
Bye.
All right.
We had some good calls tonight, but it is getting a little late.
So I want to make sure we wrap up the show and have it all done before it's midnight
on the East Coast.
But to do that, I want to check in real quick.
Just quickly check in our eight last minute stories would address Loki.
Oh, yeah.
Two things real quick.
So first is Microsoft is ending their one dollar Xbox Game Pass offer that they've had
for a long time.
I didn't even know that was still a thing.
So, yes, unfortunately, they are getting rid of that now.
Instead, they're saying that anyone signed up for Game Pass said.
Um, we'll see months from existing subscriptions converted into partial months on a sharing
plan.
If you're currently signed up for Xbox Game Pass ultimate, the remaining months will turn
into 18 days of games past friends and family or something like that when they're talking
about like the successor game past friends and family, I guess.
But yeah, they're going to have different promotions as well to basically fill the void,
I guess.
But I mean, it wasn't always going to be one dollar forever.
Another thing I did want to mention, though, is I saw I was asked by the guy that runs
Nest Maker.
So he has a collection that he's been putting together.
So in partnership with the Strong Museum of Play, they have a collection of games.
Basically, it's in New York.
It's a museum.
You can go there and play video games.
They do archival stuff as well.
So I get to, along with some of the other Nest Maker people, put my game available to
play there as well.
So my game will be part of the Strong Museum collection 2023, which I am.
Loki, are you saying that they put you in a museum?
They put me in a museum.
Yeah, I think I think they're probably accessing the website.
But yes, in a roundabout way, it will be in a museum.
Loki, it doesn't get much better than that.
That's a hell of a thing to have on your resume of what you've accomplished in this life.
Congrats to the fucking Lations.
They were showing, well, they had...
I agree with necessary 100 Matt.
Somebody buried the fucking lead tonight.
You're going to talk about this in your gaming week.
This is big news.
I just thought about it at the last second.
But they had a Nest Maker panel also at PAX East, which I'd be curious to see how that
went.
Well, I hope it's on YouTube.
Yeah, I hope so.
I'd like to watch that.
But yeah, it'd be fun.
At least you'll be able to play the demo of the game.
I don't think I didn't put the full game on there.
Honestly, I would have made the full game available in the museum only, but there wasn't
really a way to do that.
But you have a demo version you can play at least.
Yeah.
Well, that's great.
Congratulations on that.
That's awesome.
All right.
But again, way to bury the lead.
All right, let's go around.
Let me quickly thank everybody for listening tonight.
Thank you for tuning in to Orange Launch Radio and supporting this show.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please tell a friend or an AI
chat bot about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we
need more voices.
Real humans only, please.
To put out on air to chat with cats and dogs are acceptable, too, but mostly people and
other.
Then the bird fans going to email and be like, you left out bird.
Okay, look, you know what I mean?
Thank you so much for supporting.
Tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word.
You know, a nice five star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, wherever it is you found
this show.
That goes a long way.
So we really appreciate all of that.
That's that.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Dark Sakura, I'm sure we're going to see you swiffing and whatever we say there.
Swiffing and sliding.
Yeah.
Fixie and I will be co-streaming.
Oh, fun.
And I think we're going to have Shayla tonight and I have messaged Gwen.
So team Yeet will be eating around.
Maybe we'll actually do a yeet match.
But yeah, and if I may make a mention of something else.
Yeah, I'm having a subathon on my birthday.
That's April 19th, starting at 10 a.m. Pacific time.
And I'm going to try to go the full 24 hours because I'm brave and stupid.
And if I can hit a total of 250 subs in my channel, I will bleach my hair on stream.
Oh, that's a big goal.
But that's on stream.
That's a fun reward.
So and then I will promptly re-dye it red.
No, we'll see what happens.
Maybe for additional ones, I'll add in another color.
All right.
We'll see what happens.
No, I'm actually I've got full on platinum.
Nutrisse brand and I have Olaplex.
I have the stuff to do it and do it safely.
So if I get hot roots, that's just more incentive to re-dye it.
We'll see what happens.
I doubt I'm going to get it, but who knows?
You never know.
Got to be ready for it.
And I might play nurse if I get 150.
All right.
All right.
Well, have a good stream tonight.
We'll see you.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
Loki, that means it's over to you.
What's your final thought for tonight?
A new episode should be out this week featuring Axolotl
women's area.
It's pretty amazing.
Can't wait for you to see it.
All right.
I haven't been streaming a lot this week because of all
the cat drama I talked about earlier in the show.
And now my husband's in Twitch jail, but I should be streaming
on my personal channel at some point this week.
I actually don't terribly know what I'm going to play next.
I've been toying with the idea of going back to the older
Pokemon game.
Well, not that old, but the Pokemon games I never finished,
especially now that home integration is included.
I kind of am itching to go back and play Pokemon Arceus.
I don't know if y'all in chat would be interested in that,
but give me a shout.
If you want me to check out Pokemon Arceus.
I'm also at some point I'll pick up Pokemon Scarlet as well,
but I'm just for some reason I'm really itching on Arceus.
I don't know why.
Like that one.
I'm like, why didn't I finish that game?
But now that the home integration is there too, I love
doing the little mini collection quests and building my
ultimate Pokemon collection and home.
I'm kind of down for that.
So all right.
Well, thank you for all the kind love in chat.
Maybe that is something I will do.
I got to do something to hold me over until June when Diablo
Fantasy 16, all this stuff comes out.
So yeah, get some games to hold us over.
All right.
Thank you again, everyone, for supporting Orange Mountains
Radio and our podcast.
We really appreciate you all.
953 weeks and counting.
And I can't wait to see you all in seven days.
We'll do it again.
Have a great week, everyone.
Good night.
They reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor
Fog Network, but you know, they were all still.
Bye.
