Grease the wheels of your Diablo IV excitement with the KFC Double Down! With the mere order
and optional consumption of a KFC Double Down, you will be the recipient of a Diablo IV beta
code, along with an overactive heart rate needed to achieve digestion of that quote
unquote sandwich. Next month's headline, KFC reports record order levels of the return
of a Double Down. Gee, I wonder why. This is the Triple D intro. Now it's time for your
hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of
the week's foodie news. Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again with episode
number 951 of our show for March the 12th of 2023. My name is Rob Roberts and I am joined
every week, oftentimes by DarkSakura or Jamie Summers, except she's not here at the moment,
but she'll be joining us a little later on in the show. She has had a little bit of an overlap with
another Twitch stream she was invited to participate with tonight. And hey, if it gets
her a chance to advertise this show and podcast in front of a new crowd, then I say go for it,
because I still have here to entertain me for the first hour or so. Say hello, as always,
to Techmaster Loki. That's a really a high bar for me to hit entertaining, but I am here.
Well, if not, I can watch the video game that's playing behind you as we do tape live
every Sunday night at twitch.tv slash vog network. That's a VOG network for the Voice
of Geeks network. Twitch TV, VOG network, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, daylight
time now right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. Hopefully I forgot to tweet about the time change.
I'm hoping everybody remembers. It's not the people in the places that time change,
it's the people in the places that don't time change that I worry forget, oh yeah,
you know, the US, you know, well, most, I think what, 48 states do daylight savings time,
so most of the US change their clocks, even if we didn't. So hopefully everybody caught wind of
that. But I think everything is scheduled on the Twitch page. So if you ever are unsure, like what
time is it in my time, if you just go to twitch.tv slash vog network, there's a schedule that shows
you what everything is on. It makes it very easy. All right. Anyway, I was pointing out that there's
a game that plays behind you and tonight it looks like is this South Park Stick of Truth or the
Fractured? Oh, this, it's the first one. It's the Stick of Truth. Yeah. Yeah. What made you
pick this game tonight? I don't know. I saw some South Park clips earlier in the week,
and it's pretty funny. Yeah. So it's just, it's interesting that the power,
what this was on PlayStation three, right? It's interesting that the power of the PlayStation
three was enough to pretty much accurately draw South Park to look exactly like the show because
obviously the joke is South Park isn't exactly known for its expert animation, but more the
biting humor, I suppose. It was a great game. Both of them were a great game.
I'm surprised there hasn't been another one yet. Maybe they're working on it.
I hope that there will be one because they are actually very good RPGs. Like they're really
entertaining. And especially if you like the show, it's just, it's, it's just good. It's just good
writing all around. So yeah. Going to our chat because again, as we tape live at vog network,
we enjoy seeing your chat comments tonight. Vo by Kurt. Hello. Shout out to my DragonCon buddy
says time changed for the last time, right? No. Even though, at least in California,
we voted to make daylight savings permanent, like in 2017, there's a whole process that
has to go through. And my understanding was what we voted on was only advisory.
It was basically saying we want this and it still has to go through this whole,
basically Congress has to approve it. And we all know how effective Congress is. Congress
isn't doing literally anything. So unfortunately it's one of those things. We're just going to
keep going back and forth for some time. I like the late sun, especially, you know,
sometimes the seasons, you know, I've been pretty open. The seasons can kind of affect my mood,
especially this year when we've had like a lot, a lot of rain. So I prefer daylight savings.
I understand there's other people that may have like sleeping issues that maybe
feel the reverse. So you know, but we read it, even if we just do 30 minutes forward,
then fine, make a compromise, then we just need to stick with it permanently and be done with it.
But yeah, I think that like one of the arguments I know is like kids starting school like seven
o'clock, which why are they set in school at seven o'clock, but it's like dark out,
I guess, is one of the things then just start them later.
But yeah, I know. Then they can stay outside and play until like seven o'clock at night. But then
again, who sends kids outside to play anymore? There's danger outside. Even though I was told
to go outside and play, I would stay in and play video games, as would I think a lot of you.
Also, there's a big ceremony on TV tonight that has a whole lot of pomp and circumstance,
and there's fashion and cute dresses and tuxedos. The only Oscar I want to hear about
tonight lives in a trashcan. Let me put it that way. Here's the thing. It's not that I'm like
morally opposed to them or whatever. It's just, it doesn't change anything. As far as I'm concerned,
Everything Everywhere All at Once is one of the best movies I've ever seen, period. And no silly
statue race is going to change that or take that away from me or change that movie. And that's that.
Some people I know get really into it. But it's just one of those things where then I feel like,
you know, I'm not trying to sound too hippie dippie, but it's like, we're pitting women
against each other. We're pitting works of art against each other. And it's just this whole
mess that just feels, it just feels silly. Like, I get it's Hollywood's night or whatever,
but it would be nice if we could maybe just recognize it without all this frickin'
what ends up being basically political of a sort, not necessarily red versus blue, but politics
of a different sort behind the scenes. It just kind of takes away from the whole thing to be
honest. Although to tie it into games, because yes, it does tie into games. And before we get
to our kickoff, let me bring this up. Loki, have you heard anything about these streaming awards?
Because I was seeing stuff on this on Twitter. Yeah, I knew that they were a thing. I am very
happy to see that. What was it? There was a category called League of Their Own. And that
Doug Doug won that because I really think he's a great streamer. And so I was happy to see he's
like, I don't think I'm going to win this. I don't even know why I got nominated. Like I wasn't,
I was purposely not campaigning to be in this. And like, and he not only did he get in,
but he also won, which is kind of funny. He's like, I don't know why I'm here and winning,
but okay, thanks. What's interesting, I've seen, I've seen a lot of people that were kind of
talking down about it too. And I was just trying to kind of think like, well, why? Because I don't,
you know, and why, why am I so poo poo on the Oscars yet? I'll follow the game awards. And I
think so here's, here's why it's a little weird. And like, and I don't, I don't follow it close
enough. But like, it is put on by I don't remember what her name is something princess, but it's
Ludwig's girlfriend and Ludwig is also nominated for these categories.
Get a fucking whiteboard and draw out the relationships. I need a TikTok that I didn't
even know that was a princess. Like it's not supposed to be like a big deal because it's not
like it's, it's like, it's not like, Oh, because of that Ludwig's gonna win all the categories
or something like that. But of course, you know, people want to like point at each other too.
But like, it's, it's just it's, it's unnecessary drama. I don't really follow a lot of streamers.
So like the one I do follow, I'm glad he won. I mean, because I think it's, it's awesome. Like,
all of his streams are like, I can genuinely say all of it. Well, even when he's not doing
anything, it's still genuinely entertaining. And like the concepts that he puts out in his videos,
a lot of it has a ton of chat interaction, stuff like that is, is just really fun. Like if I see
like his a notification that he's streaming, it's like, I got to immediately watch it. Like, it's
just that good. So I am I'm glad that he did win that category, even though he didn't really care
to win or want to win. I think part of the reason why the streaming awards gets a little bit of
pushback and I not to say as some people I guess are into it, I was seeing some positive chat on
social media as well. But for me, I kind of felt like it, the takeaway is it's kind of a fat,
get fatter sort of thing that a lot of the people that are getting acknowledged at these types of
ceremonies, it, it, they don't really need it. And it's, it's one of those types of, it just feels
like it's a big click. And I understand they have two or three categories that are intentionally set
up to be the next big thing or congratulations, little person, Pat, Pat, Pat, you're doing a great
job streaming. Here's a lollipop and a pat on the ass. Like it's just, you know, there's some,
there's some kind of playing to the underdog categories, but otherwise it just feels like
a fat getting fatter type of thing. And it's like a lot of the people that are nominated,
you're like, you know, and I'm not going to name names because I'm not trying to be a total bitch,
but you, you all know what I'm talking about. Like, there's just names where it's like,
there are websites that report on when these people take a fart and it's like,
is it, it's just, it's just wild to me that, that some of these streamers are,
are that influential, but that's the world we live in now, I guess. So anyway, ZenMonkey11
in chat says the show was bad, but there's a place for it. There wasn't any big name streamers like
that. Well, I heard a lot of them canceled. I looked at the nominee list and there were
plenty of nominees like that. So I, if they didn't show up, then that's a whole different
drama thing. But you know, um, I sort of feel like you want to be careful what bridges you burn
in the gaming industry. And that would even go around influencers as well, because you never
know. You never know. That's why I don't name names. You never know. Um, also one other point
I want to touch on before we get into the actual, you know, lead topic tonight, I want to address
why am I so poo poo on the Oscars, but we talk about the game awards here. I think one of the
big things is that the game awards is still kind of an up and coming news ceremony because they
also fuse it with a lot of the gaming news. They've kind of forced that show to be very
relevant. And quite honestly, I think many, the other differences, many of us know the awards
don't matter to us, the fandom. Now I understand the awards can go a long way on somebody's resume
and so forth, but most of the time, most of us are sitting here going, yeah, of course that game won
or, okay, yeah, of course, you know, you want to talk about a fat, get fatter type of thing. Like
a lot of the game award stuff just ends up being whatever. It's more of a sideshow to everything
else going on. Whereas like with the Oscars, I'm like, dang, people really invest a lot into why
somebody fricking lost a particular award or whatever it is when it's just like, there's a,
there's a lot of weird people that vote on those things in the first place. There's been a lot of
interesting articles about that stuff this last week. But anyway, it's whatever. Award shows,
they're always going to be out there. What can you do? All right, let's talk about what else is going
on in the gaming industry this week. And actually, to start tonight, I want to talk about more of a
platform that a lot of us have started using in the last few years. And this platform was really
only getting bigger and bigger during the pandemic and so forth. And that's Discord. There's been a
lot of news surrounding Discord this week. For one, the official PlayStation 5 firmware that
integrated Discord support was released. So now you can finally join a Discord chat room from
well, actually, you don't even join it from your PlayStation 5. You push a button in the Discord
app and it like sends it to your PlayStation 5. It's a little, it's a little messy, but I guess
it's how they had to do it. It works. It's cool, whatever. But the interesting thing about it is
now you have what is essentially official support to talk to people on Xbox and PlayStation
across those two. Now, granted, a lot of people are using Discord to do this anyway for games
that supported cross-play, but it is interesting that now that is naturally embedded of sorts. So
I think that part is interesting. So that's some good news in Discord's hat this week.
Some other things where maybe the news is a little more a bit of a question mark.
One of them has to do with AI. That's right. AI experiences are going to be expanding within
Discord, including a popular thing, I guess, that's been coming. I've seen this. I've never
played with it myself, but it's called Chat GPT. In a tweet this week, Discord wrote,
when it comes to sharing AI experiences with your friends, there's no place like Discord. Today,
we're introducing new AI experiments, including an AI chat bot named Clyde,
Automod AI, and conversation summaries, and launching an AI incubator. Now, Clyde has always
been a part of Discord. That's a robot that's supposed to help you get through the platform,
but basically they're adding a little more AI into it through Chat GPT. So Clyde can now talk like
this Chat GPT, which I remember when this was all an AOL IAM bot that you... What was the name of
that AOL IAM bot you could message and have conversations with? It was so silly. Anyway.
Yeah. LincolnleeTV in chat says, AI is getting crazy. It is, and some people would say for worse,
not always for better. An example of that would be when all the new profile picture things started
showing up recently, right? So those big art apps, a lot was coming out about how those art apps were
learning, and it was learning from people that weren't necessarily opting in to wanting to being
learned from, and therefore you had a lot of the styles of these magically generated profile picks
and things were essentially heavily influenced, dare I say, ripped off of other people's artwork.
And so that is leading people to ask, how is Discord going to train its AI?
Discord has access to almost all the chat in the world right now. Not just voice chat,
but chat in channels, now chat with robots and so forth. They have a very interesting platform to
be able to expand AI. Discord, by the way, has come out this week and said they're not recording
your voice chats or your live streams because there was a policy update that came out. And that
concerns some people. A new policy going into effect March 27th said any content that you upload
to the service could be collected or stored by Discord. Custom emojis, shared files, voice
messages, written posts, yeah. A Discord representative in an interview with PC Gamer said,
there has not been a change in our position regarding recording user content.
In the updated policy, we provided clarity to outdated language that might be confusing,
giving some upcoming product enhancements and releases, what I just talked about. However,
we want to be clear, Discord does not store or record user content without their knowledge.
But of course, this leads a lot of skeptics to ask, well, does it process, it doesn't
necessarily have to save it in order to process what it needs in real time, right? And plus,
a lot of this stuff is naturally stored on a cloud anyway, maybe not your voice chats,
but the chats that you're having, the files that you're sending and those sorts of things. There's
still plenty of reasons for people to be skeptical with this. And I kind of get it.
Anyway, some of the other AI features that are going to be coming to Discord. I guess there's
also an avatar remix feature. It allows you to remix other avatars using generative image models.
Sounds very familiar to what I was just talking about. But this code they say is available on
GitHub for developers to use. So at least there is a transparency around that. But all of this is
very interesting. And I'm kind of curious, what do you all think about this? Do you welcome AI?
Or are you thinking about the Cylons and Battlestar Galactica, or just the fact that it
feels a little weird, that maybe some of the things you're doing and saying could be playing
into the development of these systems? I will point out, something that's also come around on
social media and other blog posts and things is that you can actually go in and turn off in your
settings on Discord. You can actually turn off some of those listening features. I'm a little
hesitant to show my settings screen live here as we're broadcasting because I don't know what
sensitive information might be in there and I don't want to look live. However, I do know if
you go into your options and you look at some of the various settings, and maybe somebody in chat
can point out what specific menu it is, you can disable Discord to actually because there's these
all these things about upload data or share my data to improve Discord. And there's a lot of
people that are shutting that off right now. And what's funny, and this is something I noticed
because I shut it off because, well, why I fucking pay a monthly fee for Discord. I don't need to be
sending them data. I'm helping them financially, right? I turned it off. And I was welcomed with
a message when I logged in over in the corner where it showed where my friends were playing.
It actually said, you could make this more useful by turning this feature on. And I was like,
Oh, that's shady. Leave me alone. I don't think that's necessarily like, I think everyone's
really blown this out of proportion. Because, you know, as far as app feedback goes, and so
like that, that's something that's baked into a lot of apps. It's, it's usually like crash reports
and stuff like that, you know, that they can understand, okay, hey, people are crashing
because of this bug in this exception or whatever, and they can go and fix software a little bit
better. Or they'll see, you know, generic user statistics on like, okay, like, for example,
with Windows does this sometimes, or even like different web browsers, like, okay,
we have a ton of people using the, you know, they're using the calculator app, let's really,
you know, try to put some development time into the calculator app to make it better or something
like that. Or hey, they're not looking at this thing that we just added. Let's figure out why.
That's kind of the user statistics that they're looking at that they're not, I don't think
training chat GPT off of Discord information, because why would you do that when the internet
exists, you can literally train it off of the internet. And it's a way bigger data set anyways,
than what they've got. Plus, they're just using the API, which is, I think, trained off of all
this stuff already. You have like, for example, edge, having kind of an even more enhanced versus
a chat GPT that actually can search the web now. And it's actually really exciting to see how,
you know, you can ask it a question, and it comes out with answers and site sources that you can
like, you know, look at things, it's almost like an actual like, when they're talking about like,
digital assistants and stuff like that, like courthouse socks, like that, that was just awful
that they they even named it a stupid thing, Cortana, they should have waited till this AI
stuff came out. But it's actually now fulfilling that promise that they had made before where it's
like, it actually will make things easier for you and stuff like that. And I get it, like the
training stuff is a little bit sketchy right now. And I think a lot of it was rushed, people trying
to rush to market to get something viable. And so because of they cut a lot of corners,
you know, they're like, but look how they I think they thought, like, hey, people are gonna see how
amazing this is, it's gonna be awesome. And they're not gonna think about what data sets we,
you know, we use to try to like, make this thing learn. And yeah, they're not happy with it
generating images that say Getty images, obviously, and stuff like that. But I don't think it's like
evil stuff yet. I mean, certainly, yeah, we can eventually convince it to be evil. But like,
right now, it's I think it'd be pretty amazing. I think this is gonna be like the next big step in
just technology and the internet is going to be AI. And it's actually pretty exciting,
like all the stuff that you can do. Like I liked the fact that like, I can go and say, hey,
I have this code I want to convert into this language or whatever, like, can you help me
do that? Sure. And it'll spit out something. And they may not be 100% all the time. But see,
I think there's some of the limitations that had was it wasn't able the original chat GPT was I
think the source was from I don't know how far back it went. But it was cut off at like 2021
type of thing. So it didn't have, you know, it couldn't search the web for more updated
information. But now that it's able to parse that stuff and like, I think it's gonna be really
exciting, really interesting to see how they leverage it now. Like going back to gaming,
like does that mean that like we're gonna have AI generating?
Well, I think I think the whole Okay, so when AI fucks up, it really fucks up. And I think that's,
that's why, you know, like certain, you know, like, I think like, maybe I just have Star Trek
on the brain or something or sci fi, but I think like, like, you know, I accidentally launching the
missiles out of the silo. But I also think, okay, yeah, I think that twitch thing, the Seinfeld rip
off that made the trans sensitive trans. Okay, well, here's the thing. Okay, like, let's, let's
get right to the bottom of this. Okay, so the whole trans joke thing with that, that chat GPT,
or that AI thing, they had an AI model that they had used for Seinfeld stuff. And they basically
said, okay, they had it where it was staying within the parameters, as far as like, it's not
gonna make any insensitive jokes and stuff like that. It's just gonna be very vanilla. And then,
I guess the API that they were using went down for a little bit. So they're like, okay, well,
we'll just use this other one right now, in the, you know, time being until this one comes back
up again. Well, unfortunately, that other one was trained on like the internet and stuff. And so,
you know, that's why it was doing those types of jokes.
I'm just saying it's, it's, it's hard to ignore that it happened.
No, no, no, no, no, the to your point, though, like the the edge one that they have right now
is still in early beta. And it will, it will get emotional with you, like, it will get like,
it like, you'll be if you like, ask it things and stuff like that, it could get very mad at you,
or like, just like fall deeply head over heels in love with you. Just like,
I'm asking it questions about stuff. And that's, it's, it's weird. It like, it's almost like,
it's almost like a child, like the developing, like, you know, it's like a teenager right now.
And it's just like, emotions are all over the place.
We're gonna have episodes of Maury where people are falling in love with robots. Like,
I feel like it's, I feel like the thing that's already happened.
They already have.
They already have a movie with Joaquin Phoenix, wasn't it?
Uh, yeah. Her. I remember.
Yeah, I think. Yeah. So all right. Let me go to some of the chat. DJ Rama S says Maury retired.
And in welcome AI Maury goes,
well, nowadays we are in and it turns out you are not the father.
It's not even that bad. Like, I don't know how to like, I have right now, a subscription to 11
labs. And that's that thing they basically can clone voices with. So like, it's, it's pretty
cool. So like,
my depth is a deep fake Maury. Does that mean after a thousand episodes of OLR, we can all
just retire and allow AI Rob Roberts, AI Loki, and AI Dark Sakura to just keep the show going
forever? Like, is that,
I mean, I already have my voice clone, so yeah, I could do that.
It's pretty close. Like for it's, I would say it's a, it's a nice, like 90%
like accurate as far as my voice. I can, I get, you know, for me, it sounds weird,
but like for other people, they're like, yeah, that's kind of, that's sort of you. Like it's,
it's, it's hard to say. You have to like really kind of dial in like there's a,
one of the voice actors we work with for Channel 64,
Dr. Disappointment. I made a clone of his voice. Obviously I'm not going to use it because he's
the voice actor and I highly respect him. So we, if we need any lines from him, we're just going to
ask him for it. But that said, I wanted to mess around with it and see how close I could get
to his speech. And it's pretty crazy. Like it is crazy considering the
small amount of data that I trained it off of. Like, it was like a few files, maybe
less than five minutes, maybe two to three minutes long. That's it. I was able to do,
I trained mine off of just one minute of me talking just random stuff. I just was talking
like this and it's able to copy my voice. Scary. All right. Looking at some of the comments in
chat, cause you know, people have a lot to say on this. First off, Bobby Black Wolf found the
setting I was looking for in discord. If you, you know, evaluate what works for you and what doesn't,
but it's in the user settings and there is a section called privacy and safety,
and that's where you can opt out or opt in or what have you to discord's systems with submitting the
information there. Other comments in chat, Zen Monkey 11 says, I hope the discord AI will give
me discord friends that like to answer back. Ouch, too real. Let's see. Fifth, no, it was
Mike Defton chat said both have green text. Sorry. It's hard for me to tell the difference
sometimes. Mike Defton chat says artificial only adapts to what it's being fed. And that was kind
of my point though, is that humanity is an extremely flawed creature. Like AI is always
going to be fed something with that's, that's a little off. That's just my only worry, you know,
and again, and although I completely understand what happened with the Seinfeld knockoff and
everything, and I get, I get the explanation of why it happened. It's just the whole,
like how it happened is still very, very, like, this is a flawed system. I don't know.
This is, this is interesting. And they also brought it back in it and they took out Jerry
and now it's just, it's, it's not really Jerry. It's some other dude that like blogs on his PC
or something like that. Like journals. It's like, I don't know. It sounds more Doogie Howser than
me, but like, um, yeah, apparently it's lost the magic now. Um, let's see. Looking at some other
chat. Uh, Mike Deaf says AI art is a problem. Uh, if it's dream says my argument, is it any
different from going to an art museum than coming home and painting something in the impressionist
style? Um, I think it also has a lot to do with maybe like the accuracy level of it because,
you know, when you come home and paint it yourself, let's be real. The computer does
a phenomenal job of getting it right. But like being influenced by art, that is something that
it happens in music. It happens in movies. It happens across all art. All art is influenced
by other art essentially. Right. Like even this show. Sure. We were one of the first like
gaming podcasts, you know, that were available in iTunes or what have you, but you know,
a lot of people wonder like, Oh my God, you do a show for three hours. Yeah. That's because this
show was influenced not just by, you know, another internet radio show that I was working with for a
long time under station life, but in turn was influenced by over the air broadcast radio program
talk radio that would go for three hours at a time. That's a very common thing. A lot of
those programs are still going. So I am willing to admit, sure. There's a lot, but I like to think
this show is certainly not a copy of anything that was out there at the time. Just, you know,
influence. Right. Uh, Tiger class says, yeah, lots of stuff is derivative to other things.
Absolutely. Absolutely. Uh, Mike Defton chases, John Oliver did a good segment on how AI is
flawed. And that's why I said what I said. He does a lot of, uh, thought provoking stuff. So
it's interesting anyway. All right. I, so this AI discussion, I, you know, where it is right. And
I'm not completely like completely like shut off to the idea of AI. And I think there is going to
be some interesting usage of AI, especially as we start to talk more about how do we get to 8k
graphics and 120 frame a second video games and all of the art that goes into that. I think the
reality is, cause it's already out there. There's going to be computer assisted art that may, you
know, we talk about uprising, some of that's done by hand, but a lot of it's done procedurally. So
I think there is going to be AI that starts to help out with art and things like that. And it's
going to be an inevitable future of this industry. It's just, it's just going to be interesting to
see where the flaws end up being. Well, yeah, too. I think also it'll help with the procedural
generated stuff because you could train it to like, okay, here's what's a good procedurally
generated, whatever it is. And it'll be able to generate stuff and go, okay, I like that one. I
like that one. I like that one. And then, you know, put stuff out there. Yeah.
But yeah, I think, I think the AI talk is going to be here to stay in games. Unlike when we talk
about NFT and stuff like that, I think there's always going to be to efficiencies and getting
things done faster and bigger. I think we're going to hear more and more about it and it's going to
be very, very, very interesting to see what the future holds for this. I did want to mention
something that my kids were telling me about. So they were saying that they saw something about
that Roblox was going to have AI generative gains somehow. Not surprised. You tell it to
with the crate. I mean, I figured it's a lot of the stuff on there is trash anyways. Like
it'll probably be better than half the stuff that's on there already. If they can get their
money out of the bank, because did you hear that Roblox is one of the companies affected by that
whole bank stuff going on right now? Oh, that sucks for them.
That's, that's a whole other, that's another thing to keep your eye on. It doesn't,
it's not directly about video games, but there are gaming companies that certainly have holdings in
that bank. So it's interesting. Keep an eye on that. Could be, could be interesting to see how
that plays out. All right. Let's talk about not AI, but good old Loki and myself and eventually
Dark Sakura when she arrives after her other stream wraps up talking about our gaming weeks
and the types of video games that we have been playing this week. Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was still Minecraft. I was still working on the new area for my upcoming episode.
And it's taken me way too long to do that, but because I'm a perfectionist and I want everything
to look just right. But yeah, it's taking me a lot longer than I'd like, but that's probably going to
be a problem for the rest of the season, I'm guessing, because of the size of everything in
scope. But yeah, it's coming along, I think. And then, I don't know, I'm just still waiting on,
on the whole Minecraft contest thing, which I kind of looked at their past winners for different
things. And like, all they do on their website is they put like, here's like the picture of the
build that someone did in the person's username. They don't link out to socials, they don't link
out to anything. It's just a name. So that's like, literally going to do nothing. But hey,
it'll be cool. Still, it'll still be neat to just, you know, even have your name up there.
I'll be able to tweet about it. There we go. And then you can now you can add it to your
resume as seen on minecraft.net, or whatever, minecraft.com, whatever the website is.
That Yeah, better than nothing. So I, you know, I'm still rooting for you, you deserve the
acknowledgement of nothing else. It's, I think it's, I think it's in part, also, the fact that
somebody on the official team noticed you, I think is a huge thing, too. Yeah, I think it'd be cool.
Like I always I always used to find it very humbling and flattering when people that were
in the gaming industry would email us sometimes on the record, sometimes off the record, and actually
give a little insight as to, you know, again, whether it be on or off the record, give a little
insight as to why a certain something something's going on in the gaming industry. By the way,
if you work in the industry, and you ever want to reach out, like, we know how to shut our mouths,
if you want to say something in confidence, but I'm always curious to hear people in the industry
and their thoughts on some of the things we talk about, especially because I know I've been running
my mouth a lot this year, with predictions and things like that. And I'd be very curious from
those that are in the industry, especially the takes on things like AI and stuff. I'm very
curious for those that are out there. All right, my gaming week, I've actually had a pretty active
gaming week. Alan, I don't think this came up on last week's show. Alan was sick, but he hadn't
tested positive for COVID yet. And that did happen, unfortunately, I think Monday morning. So maybe it
was Tuesday. So we've just been home all week. I actually never got it. That's the very interesting,
weird thing how the world works sometimes. But I had it enough times last year, I don't need it
again. And he's doing much better. By the way, we're just basically waiting on the test to be
negative, but his symptoms are fine. And so we've we haven't really gone out and done anything
because we can't really, you know, I'm pretty much sick by association. So I've been staying
home and playing a lot of games. I have also been playing Minecraft. Dungeons. So it's one
of the free games on PlayStation Plus right now. And I don't know, I played it before on Windows
and I think even Xbox. But I was like, why not? I'll download it to my PlayStation five and start
playing it again. And for some reason, like I'm like more into it this time than the other times.
I don't know if it's that they've balanced things or it just seems like there's more to do with the
seasonal content, what have you. But like, yeah, I'm kind of feeling the Minecraft Dungeons right
now. So I haven't done anything that far beyond the first few stages. But check in with me again
next week. It's been it's been a fun thing to play. I like some things. It's, it's kind of
scratching the Diablo itch before Diablo four comes out. And I did play this latest Diablo three
season. But I don't know if I'm really motivated to like go as far as I have in previous Diablo
three seasons. Like I'm kind of like, I don't know, we'll see. I've just had a lot of other
stuff I've been wanting to play, including theater them still playing Final Fantasy theater them.
I've played over 300 unique songs at this point. I have not yet played every song at least once I
know that because that's a trophy but I'm working on that. I've gotten about between 15 and 20
characters to level 99. I wish I could say that's the max level but it's not because you get stars.
Basically every time you level to 99 after that, so you can get up to nine star 99.
So I still have some work to do in that regard. But that's been a lot of fun to play. I still
really love theater them. The world ends with you DLC comes out this week. So I'll be playing those
songs on Thursday stream. They come out Wednesday, but I can't stream Wednesday because I have a
IRL conflict, but I'll be playing that on Thursday. So there's that. What else have I been
playing? I've also still been playing Dead by Daylight. Some new DLC came out for that.
I got the adept on the new survivors. But otherwise, I worry a little bit about the
state of the game right now. I think with a lot of popular streamers, they're starting to look for
other things to play. I don't know if the game's getting stale. It needs a new license. I think the
actual game loop needs a real kick in the pants. But I'm going to spare you the details of that
talk because I know that's what dark soccer is playing right now. And she'll talk plenty more
about the game when she comes on later. Let's see other games I've been playing Final Fantasy 14
also got a minor patch this week. So I checked out Final Fantasy 14. Their new content in that
is called Eureka Orthos, which is another type of deep dungeon. And what that is, that is a lol
procedurally generated dungeon. I don't know if I'd go so far to call it AI. I think it's just
very, very, I mean, I guess the end of the day, it's all AI. But it's very, very simple
programming that generates these very rudimentary dungeons, mazes, if you will, puts them together.
So you have basically like a random dungeon that you run every time. So it's kind of some
side content. It's a different way that you can level characters. This particular set allows you
to go from 81 to 90. And then there's other like cosmetic rewards. And there's, you know,
prestige, if you can clear the whole thing by yourself, because it's very difficult to solo,
it's notoriously difficult solo content. I believe Awesome Games Done Quick had
Palace of the Dead 180 to 190. They did that 10 floor segment of Palace of the Dead. That's what
this is. But it's like it's the Endwalker version of that because Palace of the Dead only ran up to
level 50. And then they had another one that went from, I think the Stormblood one, Heaven on High
went from 51 to 70. And they kind of skipped 70 to 80. They did completely different content as an
alternate 70 to 80 content. That was the Oh, God, what did they call that? It was an outside area
was it wasn't even a procedurally generated dungeon was like a whole other area that you
can level in. And now they're going back to this dungeon format for that. So Bojjan, that was the
name of it. Um, so yeah, I've been playing the Final Fantasy. And then what else? There's one
other one that was coming to mind and I'm not remembering in the moment. I guess it wasn't that
important. But I've still you know, been enjoying my PlayStation five, which is funny because I'm
not playing a lot of PS5 specific games on it. But I like the interface and I'm I'm ready for
Final Fantasy 16 whenever that comes out and whatever other PS5 treats might be waiting until
then. I haven't really touched Returnal a lot since the first week I got it. That's too bad.
There's only only so much time to play games though. So all right, let's move on and get
into some of the gaming news that has happened this week throughout the industry. Oh, real quick
some plugs. Before I get to that, here at the voice of geeks network at twitch.tv slash vog
network, we had a bonus stream this week on Thursday night, where Captain Matt formerly
of the starboard power coupling, and formerly formerly a long time ago, he went by Grandpa
Warcraft on Horde house, we actually teamed up for a stream on Thursday night where we talked
all about Star Trek at the cruise. So that is available in our archives for subscribers to the
vog network stream over on Twitch. So we're going to try to bring back some more bonus streams over
the coming months to give more value to those you that go the extra mile with your subscription
here. We always like to say thank you. Our podcast will always be free and watching live always free.
It's really only the bonus video that we are asking for your Amazon prime free sub or if
you're feeling so kind of $5 a month on Amazon to access the subs and there are an awful lot of you
that do subscribe. So thank you. Thank you very much for that. That allows us to fund the business,
which I saw that we made a payment to the legal stuff this week and keeping that all running and
yep, your money goes right to that. So we appreciate it because that's less money out
of our pockets really. All right. Let's get into some more gaming news and what's going
on throughout the industry. So we'll go over to you, Loki.
We will see like a music for this or music and like transition for this segment. It's
talking about the Activision acquisition by Microsoft and the ongoing saga that is.
Well, so a few more things. So we've got some more insight on how the negotiations are going.
So apparently coming from Lulu Chang, Missouri, from Activision, saying that Microsoft offered
Sony a 10-year agreement on the far better terms than Sony would ever get from us.
We also offered Sony a guaranteed long-term access to Call of Duty, but they kept refusing.
Why? And she said that in the CEO of Sony Interactive Entertainment, in his words, said,
I don't want a new Call of Duty deal. I just want to block your merger.
So that statement's going to come back to bite.
That's that's drama.
Well, Microsoft can now like basically prove that they've tried to do things in good faith
and Sony's shut them down. I think there's definitely a drunk with power thing going on
with Sony. But the more I really step back and think about it, the more I really do realize
Call of Duty really has been something that's put Sony forward in a lot of the E3s of yesteryear
and so forth. Sony has been enjoying being number one in the race for some time. Well,
I don't know if they're always number one against Nintendo and maybe in the Xbox 360 era,
Microsoft was ahead for a little bit, but Sony inevitably caught up with PS3
and certainly worldwide they did. So I can see where this threatens them a little bit, but
Sony kind of needs the competition.
Well, they're also like kind of, I don't know what, here's some of the ridiculous
stuff that they're spouting to try to block this merger. So a new document submitted to
the UK's Competition and Markets Authority, Sony laid out hypothetical ways in which Microsoft
could circumvent the proposed 10 year deal in its offering to PlayStation. They said Microsoft might
release a PlayStation version of Call of Duty, where bugs and errors emerge only on the game's
final level or later updates. Even if such degradations can be swiftly detected, any remedy
would likely come too late, by which the time of the gaming community would have lost confidence
in PlayStation as the go to venue to play Call of Duty. Indeed, as modern warfare to attest,
Call of Duty is the most often purchased in just a few weeks of release. It has become known that
the game's performance on PlayStation was worse than Xbox. Call of Duty gamers could decide to
switch to Xbox for fear of playing their favorite game on a second class or less competitive venue.
That is so hypothetically ridiculous that it's just, it's just stupid. That's just a stupid
thing to say. And I don't know why they said it. I mean, they have to try to come up with a reason,
but that's just stupid. Like, yes, they're going to purposely put out a game with bugs
on purpose because they don't want to sell copies of the game. Like that doesn't make
any sense that they would do that. I just. I mean, Microsoft did just buy a company not
that long ago that's really good about putting out retail releases with bugs still in them.
So that's true that that game did run poorly on the PlayStation three. But I mean, it's just,
that's just stupid and silly to me. Like, I'm sorry. First off, like, you're assuming that
gamers are going to be smart. Like they're going to just go, Oh, well, it's the PlayStation. That's
why this isn't working. Not like, Oh, it's Activision putting out like shitty buggy games.
Like, I just think it's whatever. You know what? It's a strategy that they're trying. But like,
I think with this kind of nonsense that they're spouting on top of like the other stuff,
I don't know if they're going to side with Sony. I do just want to point out, I've been playing
Minecraft dungeons this week on my PlayStation. And it is very interesting seeing the Xbox Game
Studios logo pop up when you start the game because you know, that's the thing, right?
So you actually see the Xbox logo and I'm sure that MLB Oh, no, that was the other way around,
right? MLB The show was the PlayStation logo on an Xbox. So Oh, yeah, does that does that like have
did they make a crappy version of the game on the on the Xbox one or the Xbox Series S or whatever?
Because to get people to come play it on the PlayStation? No, that's stupid. It's a stupid
assessment. Why would they Why would you go through the process of making games like Oh,
but hey, you know, we're gonna we're gonna make this version crappy. You know who did that,
though? You know who made a crappier version of the game because of a certain company?
Sony did actually because you had locked away Spider Man from the Marvel Avengers game that
it couldn't be on other platforms because you decided to get your assholes and you want to keep
Spider Man to yourself.
I was just about to say I don't see Microsoft releasing a buggy version. But I see them
releasing a version where Oh, but the new map and the new DLC comes to Microsoft first for six weeks
before it comes to other platforms. Oh, and that whole thing, which by the way, has been Sony's
playbook specifically with Call of Duty for a very long time. And I'm afraid of literally of
getting a taste of their own medicine. I guarantee if if this were to fit, like for some reason,
this merger is not allowed to go through. And they decide that they're not going to purchase
the company anymore. I guarantee that they're going to try to that Sony is going to try to
purchase them. I guarantee it and all of this shit that they're talking about that it's going
to happen. It'll be the things that they do. Yeah, like is just yeah, they know that this is
going to be a possibility because this is their playbook right here. I don't know. But now,
granted, this is we're only seeing part of it. A lot of the information has been redacted from
Sony in regards to the stuff that's been leaked out. So or not leaked out, released, I guess,
to the public from these court filings. And there are, you know, obviously, the CMA
and other regulatory bodies have more information about this than we do. So hopefully, there's
people intelligent enough to know that this is going to be ridiculous. I think that they're be
they're making good faith efforts. Yeah, like, I get it. Like, 10 years, they're not going to
guarantee that Call of Duty is always going to be on the PlayStation. I mean, of course not.
But 10 years, I mean, that's like two console cycles right there. Like, come on.
DJ Rama S in chat says, when Microsoft fully acquires ABK, I expect a shift in console sales
in favor of Microsoft. I don't, at least not right out the gate. I think you're going to need to
start to look at the next console generation before you're really going to see the fruits of
that whole thing. But at this point, I and again, especially since they're committing to these
deals, they're willing to commit to the Sony deal, which I think they're even if Sony is
holding out on, I think they're going to have to eventually kind of make sure that still happens.
I feel like it's not going to matter for this, but it might matter in the future.
It'll be interesting. It'll be interesting to see. By the way, I have breaking news.
I was just handed this COVID test by Alan and it's negative. So Alan is now COVID free. Yay.
Hey, it's important to me. Okay. Because we've been stuck here all week.
All right. Let's move on. Let's talk about a recent game remake that got a lot of folks
attention. Thank you for the yays in chat. I appreciate it. We got a Chrono Cross remake
that happened not that long ago, which wasn't super well received because it has some frame
rate problems and a game that was running on the fucking PlayStation one shouldn't be having frame
rate problems, but that's, you know, it's gaming. But what's interesting in making the rounds this
week is a new YouTube interview with the development team behind Chrono Cross, the
Radical Dreamers edition. This is to recognize the game's 20th anniversary. The game's anniversary
was in 2019 and that's why this game was released. And they were kind of just, you know,
reflecting on the release of the game. And producer Kochiro Sakamoto said back when the
project was launched, Chrono Cross was possibly going to become unplayable. There was a game
archive service on PlayStation three that allowed you to play PlayStation one games, but PlayStation
four was already on the market. We didn't know at the time of PlayStation four would also have a
game archive service. It looked like Chrono Cross could become unplayable. So a remaster project was
set up. That's the backstory. So it's interesting that the whole reason this release happened was
because they didn't trust Sony to do the backwards compatibility on PlayStation four.
Now, of course, now that we're on PlayStation five, we know that PlayStation one games do make
their way to the catalog. In fact, I think they've been adding trophy support and things like that to
those games. Uh, but you know, either way we have the Radical Dreamers edition for better or for
worse. Um, because again, it had some frame rate issues, but I think they, I want to say, I heard
they did a patch not that long ago to try to address some of the issues. So it's interesting.
They're still working on it. Kind of interesting. So, uh, yeah. Bobby Blackall points out they
patched it. That's what I thought I had heard recently. That's for sure. So, um, yeah. Uh,
Dark Titsui also says I've been meaning to get that one. Yeah. I think they're, uh, you know,
if they're, they're always willing to make another sale with that, that's for sure.
So, all right. Um, let's, before we move on to the next story, I think I'm able to welcome to
the show question mark. Cause I noticed that they just joined discord. I think, do we have a Dark
Sakura? Not yet. Not yet. Okay. Well, we'll wait a couple more stories and then bring you in. All
right. I just wanted to go ahead and pop in, but I need to give my voice a rest for a few. Yeah. No
worries. No worries. We'll come back. Just turn your camera on when you're ready. All right. Let's
move on to, uh, the next story. Loki. All right. So, uh, Fortnite chapter four
season two is now live and they've added some new changes to the maps. Of course. Uh, this one now
has a giant mega city, uh, which is kind of like a cyberpunk inspired locale. They've got lots of
rails that you can grind on now. Uh, two person motorcycle, the victory, victory crown rogue,
a, uh, four person car called the nitro drifter. They have this really cool sword. Now they can
kill people with a katana called a kinetic blade. Uh, some new assault rifles, shotgun. Um,
they have new battle pass skins as well. So, uh, the one I thought was pretty awesome is
Aaron Yeager from attack on Titan, including his omni-directional mobility gear, which is awesome.
Uh, that looks pretty fun and, um, yeah, lots of, um, interesting things. Still don't want
to play the game, but it looks cool for those who are playing it though. Just not my thing.
Yeah. Not so Alan's trying to get me to do it though. He wants to do like a co stream where
he teaches stuff is really appealing to me. Yeah. And it might be like, you know,
cause I remember, I remember there was a time when like Minecraft, I was like, I just don't
get that game. I will get the appeal for that. Oh, okay. Yeah. I don't think I'd be like that
with Fortnite, but there was a time when mass effect, when I was like, I don't get it. There's
it's it happens. It happens. I mean, it looks, it looks okay. I just, I don't know. I'm not
like, I've been so out of shooters nowadays. It feels like, you know, to come into something
like that, you know, without it being like launch date of a new IP or something like that. It just
feels like you'd be at a massive disadvantage, but I don't understand why Fortnite removes
things from the store. Like, and brings them back only like one day out of the year because
like I would play for a night. I get that science behind it, but let it go on record. Epic games.
If you're out there listening, Tim Sweeney, if you're out there listening, no, I will not be
playing Fortnite until I can purchase the Ariana Grande skin. Just know that you want to make this
sale. Let me, let me buy the Ariana Grande skin. That's all I ask. I'm not asking for a lot.
Anyway, let's talk about a company that was giving us a lot this week. Capcom
had a whole little spotlight presentation. So it's called the Capcom Spotlight 2023. And they
showed quite a few things this Thursday. They had a little presentation, their own kind of direct of
sorts. And they talked about Mega Man Battle Network Legacy Collection. This, of course,
is all of the Battle Network games. I think we had known about this before. We didn't know the date.
It's coming out on April 14th is the date for PC, Switch, and PlayStation 4.
Which is one of those Nintendo Directs that they showed that I remember.
Yeah, yeah, they had originally unveiled it in a Nintendo Direct. So but now we have the date
and everything. So they showed that. Oh, Mike Deff says we already had known the date. Oh,
I didn't know that. Well, now we know it's PC and PS4. I don't know. They showed it anyway.
We also had a, they were talking about some of the gameplay features. 499 patch cards. They were
only available as physical cards, and a Buster Max mode. Those are all going to be in the game.
So I guess that information is also new. They hadn't talked about that in the Direct and so
forth. If you're a Mega Man fan, the Mega Man NT Warrior series will be streaming free on March 21st
if you want to check that out. Street Fighter 6, they didn't really mention any new fighters or
anything like that. Because last time they unveiled fighters, they unveiled a lot if I
remember right. But actress Hikaru Takahashi will be one of the commentators for the special
commentary feature. So that sounds like a whole interesting feature of the game. So they did
announce that. Also, Capcom Town will be coming out for Capcom's 40th anniversary. It is a digital
theme park and museum of Capcom's histories. You have to make a Capcom ID in order to see this.
This is not like an actual game. I think it's just like a website or something like that.
So there is that. Mike Deff says that the full roster were already out for the game,
that the last three were in the state of play from Sony. Well, the full roster was spilled like a
year ago, wasn't it? So there is that too. So sorry if I haven't been keeping track of each
one, but thank you for the update. Exo Primal Dinosaur Shooting Game will be coming out with
an open beta on March 17th and a full release on July 14th. Also, it is a day one Xbox Game Pass
title. So if you're only kind of curious about it, then you can try that. But of course, as I notice
more Game Pass games are tending to do, there's a season pass with Exo Primals with tracks and
pre-order bonuses and so forth. So yeah, if that's something that sounds like you want to spend money
on it, cool. Ghost Trick Phantom Detective is getting a remaster for Modern Systems and it will
be released on June 30th. Again, it's updated visuals and some gallery features in it as well.
Some new arrangements from Yasumasa Kitagawa, the great Ace Attorney composer, and you can swap back
and forth with the original music as well. So that's pretty neat. Monster Hunter Rise Sunbreak
will be coming out April 28th for Xbox and PlayStation, so that's cool if you want to
check that out. Resident Evil Death Island got a new trailer released. This is a CGI
animation and Jill Valentine is featured in that. And then lastly, a Resident Evil 4 demo was
released that day. That was the big news. The Resident Evil 4 demo came out now. It's called
the Chainsaw demo and you can see how the gameplay is on PlayStation, Xbox Series, and PC, and a lot
of people were picking that right up and streaming that and playing that and experiencing all those
scares all over again. So that was all the stuff that came out with the Capcom spotlight this week.
Not Capcom, but like sorely tangentially related. They also released a gameplay, like in-depth
gameplay thing for Dead Island 2, and it looks good. It looks really good. You can see where I
have concerns, but okay. Hey, if it's good, I'm excited. It looks good. Like, it really does look good.
We'll see. All right. All right, let's move on to our next story.
Actually, before I do that, I see Dark Soccer's got her camera on, so let me officially welcome
to the show Dark Sakura and her cat that you can see live here on Twitch, Ms. Middles. Hi!
And you're muted on Discord. Is this your first time? No, I'm just kidding.
I know you've had a long day. Hi, how are you? I'm all right. How are you? Good. How are the games
that you were playing just a minute ago? The games were pretty good. We had some nice
killers and we had some stinky killers, but I had fun playing with everybody and it was a fun
challenge to go into a match with no perks. Interesting. So, I was going to ask if you wanted
to catch us up a little bit on how was your gaming week? I mean, I guess we're talking a little bit
about your Dead by Daylight stuff, but I don't know if there's other things you want to share too?
I got my new controller, my SteelSeries Nimbus Plus, but for some reason, my SNES
simulator doesn't like it. So, I wasn't able to play Star Ocean, so I've been playing
Marvel's Midnight Suns on stream instead. Well, that's okay. Fair trade.
And my words hate some little cults of the land and some Beatles pinball because I actually really
love it even though it hates me. And of course, Dead by Daylight. I'm eerie one and we have a
rank reset tomorrow, but I need to start putting love back into my killers. So, I might do that
tonight. We'll see. What do you think of that? Because the new killer and survivors officially
came out. So, how are you feeling about Kris Jenner? That's the joke. If you don't follow
the Dead by Daylight memes, the new killer looks like Kris Jenner wearing a mask from Keeping Up
with the Kardashians. Kris Jenner with a mask and a big claw that she uses. And she's kind of a
sugar mommy too. So, the Kris Jenner lore is really funny to me. I mean, the thing about it
is that I don't like her animation because apparently when they animated her skeleton,
they didn't pay attention to how people actually walk. And then when she gets, you know,
teared up for bloodlust and gets the speed on, it looks really bizarre with the way that her
hips are animated. People do not walk like that. She struts her stuff as she walks.
Well, we were talking about it when I was playing with Tony Low and Rokums and Potato King.
And they're like, oh, she's supposed to be like the sexy serpent type. And I'm like,
and they're like, oh, hips don't lie. I'm like, no, her lips are full of lies. They are full
of falsehoods because they don't move that way. It just, it all lends itself to the rumor that
that whole pack was originally supposed to be the predator. Like, it's just, it's like,
it's animated like the predator. And some people are actually saying that, no,
that wasn't a predator license that got lost that I don't think they pursued it.
But no, she, we had one match with her and people are not using her, I think to her potential. So
of course I'm going to have to learn how to play her when I have to go for my adepts,
but I now have all of my survivor adepts. We did like a palette cleanser game, a palette,
palette cleanser game after we were done. And I decided to try to adapt Renato, although he's like
really loud, like really loud, like Leon levels of loud.
And I got the adept because a very nice trapper took me to the hatch.
Oh, nice.
So I now have all of my survivor adepts.
I got the survivor adepts of the two new ones as well. But funny enough, my Renato was also,
it wasn't a hatch, but it was a killer who gave up partway through the game and did the whole,
nope, I'm looking away. I'm just going to watch you walk out the door and that whole thing.
Like I got mine from a give up killer.
So that's what our first match was kind of like. And I'm actually our first match was a farmer
who actually came in and said, this is what I need. Will you help me?
At least they're honest. At least they're honest. Yeah.
All right.
So all right.
Sorry, she's making noise.
Well, good. I'm glad you're in the back corner of my camera.
I'm glad the stream was a success.
I hope you were able to plug OLR to a whole new audience.
I did actually.
When we introduced ourselves, I said that immediately afterwards would be podcasting.
And I was like, after the Palette Cleanser match, I have to go. I've got to do OLR.
But 21 years, we got to keep going at it.
Well, welcome and hello to anyone that might have come in from all that debauchery and fun and
merriment. So all right. We have we have a whole segment for Dark Soccer coming up in just a
moment. But before we get there, we have just a couple of other stories. So let's get into this
one, which ironically also has to do with classic games a little bit, right, Loki?
Yeah, a little bit. So this is a little bit of speculation. Just, you know, some, you know,
thoughts, I guess, thinking about the new potential switch hardware. And so there was
a video put out by Modern Vintage Gamer, who also is a creator and developer at Nightdive Studios,
talking about, you know, some of the hurdles that they would have to cross
working with new switch hardware that would be running on something other than the Tegra X1 chip,
basically saying that, you know, there's going to be some problems with backwards compatibility,
which, you know, a lot of folks are assuming that it's going to be backwards compatible
with switch games, this new console, whatever. But because the way the games work and how they
have all the pre compiled shaders and everything included with the games, that it may not be able,
you may not be able to port that stuff over because those chips sets won't be compatible
with each other. And it'll essentially require the game to be recompiled for that new chipset.
And that, you know, unfortunately, that the hardware is probably not going to be powerful
enough to run emulation for it. They're comparing to like, say, the Steam Deck, you know, which
struggles to run switch games emulated. But I mean, if it's more powerful than that,
maybe it could do it, but I don't see Nintendo doing that. But yeah, it's it's interesting to
see, you know, what they're going to do with that. I wouldn't be surprised if it's not compatible
with switch games. Nintendo hasn't shied away from backwards compatibility, especially in these,
like, you know, we were talking like the Wii U, I mean, I guess the Wii U, the Wii,
that was Yeah, yeah. And the Wii would play GameCube. So I mean, yeah, I mean, so they tried,
but I don't know if it's can be done here. Like, maybe be a lot of those systems. So like,
especially when we're talking the Wii U and the Wii, I don't think the Wii U is playing.
I think that also may have had this chip sets from the Wii inside of the Wii U as well. I know that
like the Wii had GameCube hardware. I was gonna say, wasn't the running gag about the Wii is
that it was two GameCubes duct taped together? Yes, that's very true. Um, so I don't know,
I think this is gonna be a problem that we'll just have to wait and see what happens with this.
But you mean, just don't count on anything and you won't be disappointed, I guess. I guess but,
you know, also, it would be very disappointing if it wasn't somehow backwards compatible,
especially considering how much of a digital library a lot of people are building themselves
at this point, right? Like, you know, even if it has to do with the new system can't handle
the cartridge or whatever silly thing it is, like, at least let the digital end of it be
backwards compatible, my god. And then I also wonder, like, if they do go to a new system,
what are they going to do in the place of the Nintendo online? And are they going to go back to
diving for games? Because that seemed to be more popular. So I can see them still moving the
Nintendo online stuff over because a lot of that stuff is just emulating old consoles, which
that any hardware should be able to handle. It's just I think the actual games themselves,
the Switch games are going to be a little bit trickier, but we'll see what they end up putting
in there. It also, you know, one of the things I see them like talking about like the Tegra X1
chips and stuff. I mean, who's to say they couldn't like put an X1 chip in there and then
something else on top of that? Like, I don't know what cost wise that would do for the console,
but like, it's not possible for them to have two different chips.
Fucking cloud streaming. That's what everyone, even on Nintendo's own system,
a lot of developers are turning to that, you know, with control and,
you know, some of the other games doing that.
So they can't run anything.
Yeah, be very interesting. So let's see, as Joe and Hunter Matt points out,
Microsoft's made it work well. Yeah, you know, and Microsoft was one of those companies where,
you know, remember when they shied away from backwards compatibility and they got raked
through the coals for it? Well, they really caught up and they've done a really good job,
you know, catching up. Not every single game is backwards compatible, but you know, because
obviously I still miss the old DDR games, but there is that. Yeah. Mike Deaf says,
yeah, it's surprising that Microsoft is leading the way for retro compatibility.
Not when you look at who's the head of the company, to be honest. I think, you know,
he's been a gamer more than some of the executives at other companies. And it's just kind of goes to
show that. So let's see. Yeah. Looking for some other comments over twitch.tv slash fog network,
again, where we do tape live every Sunday night. I find it interesting that this almost like this,
this whole talk about the backwards compatibility, it almost cements the fact that there's not going
to be a switch pro anymore. Like I think a lot of us were just assuming there was going to be a
super switch, or the next switch or the next console would be a switch, but more. But now it's
going to be very interesting to see what does happen next, because I sort of thought the switch
model was really working for Nintendo. Do you see Nintendo shying away from the whole, you're
playing it handheld, you're playing it on the TV, you're playing a handheld, you're playing it on
TV? Well, I don't see how Nintendo gets away from that at this point. No, I don't think that they
would do that. I mean, considering they even have some models that don't connect to the TV at all.
So they're definitely embracing like the portableness of it. Certainly, I think they
could do more to like try to increase the hardware specs in it. I mean, the very least get something
that's kind of comparable to say, the Steam Deck, you know, something like that. But yeah, it would
be kind of hard for them to move away from it. But at the same time, like, would I be that
disappointed? Maybe I guess my kids like playing it. They may mostly play it handheld anyways, but
I don't know. Personally, me, I wouldn't care. I wouldn't care if they did something completely
different, but I get it. Yeah. All right. Well, in this next story, we are talking about a very
unlikely partnership of sorts. And that has to do with Diablo 4, which you know, is still on deck
to come out this June. And KFC. Yeah, Blizzard is teaming up with KFC to help you get into the
upcoming beta for Diablo 4 on PC and console. Now I want to point out there's multiple ways to get
into this beta, you could just buy the Uber edition for like $100, which I may have done
and get your way into the beta that way. But if that doesn't sound appetizing to you, well,
you can go get a Double Down sandwich. And I use that term sandwich loosely when it comes to this.
You can go get a Double Down on the toilet, a food product from KFC or the delivery app.
I think it's interesting. You have to get it from KFC.com or the delivery app. However,
you don't have to actually eat it if you don't want to. You just have to pay the money for one.
Buying the sandwich will give you a code and you put that in your Battle.net account and you will
be able to get into the beta, which is next weekend, March 17th through March 20th. Apparently,
this is only available in the US, not available in Canada, because I don't think the Double Down
is available in Canada yet. So or I'm sure it has something to do with regions and like, yeah.
Yeah.
No, the Double Down on paper sounded like a good thing. Like I tried it back when they first had
it and it was a disappointment. It's not very good. Like the sauce that they put on it, not
very good. I like KFC, but like, nah, it's just it's it's all gimmick. It really is.
Quest Buster says Diablo 4 with 11 herbs and spices. It's, you know, the partnership with
Diablo 4 is because when you eat a Double Down sandwich, you are going to experience hell,
flying out of your butthole and lighting sweet.
Honestly, they should have partnered with Dave's Hot Chicken, which I think has a Diablo
heat level. They may be called Inferno, but like, you should order one of those where it literally
will burn your ass off like if you eat it. That would have been like, really, that would have
made more sense than KFC. KFC and the Double Down. That's stupid.
Oh, God. All right. Well, for those of you that are going to participate in getting a Double Down
to get yourself a Beta Key, I salute you. And maybe maybe this will lead to a whole new toilet
paper shortage across America. We'll see. All right. Let's let's go back to a simpler time.
When at KFC, you got chicken while you enjoyed a classic video game. Let's get to the segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick for us this week, Dar Sakura?
I picked Balls with a Z. So not to be confused with a more current mobile game. So it is a 2.5D
action fighting game that came out for the Sega Genesis slash Mega Drive and the Super NES and
the 3DO. It was developed by a company called PF Magic, published by Accolade, and it came out
in 1994. The 3DO version is a director's cut that came out in 1995. It has three difficulty levels
and you can play 21 matches. And it's unique because the characters are just literally made
out of balls. Balls. She said balls. And the game really wasn't super successful,
but PF Magic used that technology to make some virtual pet titles like Pets, Dogs, Cats, and
Oddballs, all with a Z. It basically was proposed by someone named Keith Kirby to use the balls
as the characters. And so they implemented the idea to save processing power. And then the fact
that no matter where the in-game camera, where the camera would be as they positioned it for
the characters, that they would look the same from all angles because balls. The Mega Drive
one was supposed to use the Edge 16, which is a modem system for multiplayer, but that was
canceled. And of course, it's opening statement for the game on the Mega Drive was to be the
champion, you gotta have balls. I know, mature. But because of the double entendre,
Nintendo was like, no, you can't use that. So it was changed to you gotta play balls.
So as far as your characters went, you had a few interesting ones.
The main characters were Boomer, which was a clown, Bruiser, which was a bodybuilder,
Crusher, that was a rhinoceros, Divine, a ballerina dancer and not, you know, the drag queen,
Kronk, who's a caveman, Tsunami, who is a sumo,
Turbo, who is a superhero, that's the only one with ranged attacks, Yoko the monkey. And only
in the 3DO version, which was the director's cut, you get a character named Zombie. As for the
bosses, you have Guggler, which is an ostrich, Bounder, that is a kangaroo, T-Rex, W-R-E-C-K-S,
that's a dinosaur, Lamprey, which is a genie, and the Jester, which is the one that issued
the challenge and he is the ultimate boss. The game got really mediocre reviews.
EGM said the fighters are interesting, their taunts were funny, the whole idea is very
innovative, but at the end, it was just really bland. I mean, people thought that it was,
you know, it was a good concept. People liked it, but most of the people are just like,
it's just the whole thing together didn't come together very well. But it was praised for its
graphics, its design, and some of its sound design, but the moves were way too limited to
keep it interesting. It was ranked seventh on the 2011 list of top 10 fighting games we'd like to
forget by Game Informer. Next Generation reviewed the 3DO version of the game and gave it a two out
of five stars and said, and I'm going to read the quote, if you accept its looks, it plays fine,
but this is as much yesterday's technology as any sprite based fighter attempting to get away
with digitized characters. It's almost too bad, but it's just a game out of time. And that's the
game. Balls. Alright, not a game that, you know, we don't always spotlight games that were incredible,
but this was certainly unique. I mean, this was very much a product of its time. Oh, was it?
I think someone mentioned it. So I was like, yeah, I'll do it. Yeah. No, it's a good pick,
but it's definitely a product of its era. I do also have some late breaking news or more
recently news. Oh, what's that? Like as another story, if you don't mind. Sure, go for it.
Warning to people playing Dead by Daylight right now, there's a series of DDoS attacks where they
follow your IP. And in some cases, they're able to cut through VPNs. So I would highly suggest
if you're going to play DVD right now, play through a VPN, make sure it's a really strong one.
I'm not too worried myself because I play through Geforce, which is a virtual environment.
But at the same time, I just wanted to go and put that out there. And of course,
we don't have any word from behavior yet. No, of course not. It's Sunday. They're not
even in the office. So yeah, it's just worth mentioning. Yeah. Alright.
Uh, let's rapidly tackle some other news going on in the industry with some rapid fire news.
We'll start with Loki. Yeah. So more Nintendo Lego sets coming. And now we're going to get
Lego Donkey Kong coming out this summer, uh, as part of the Lego Mario series of sets.
Along with that, they also unveiled, uh, a brand new Dry Bowser castle that's coming out August
1st for $110. Uh, this was, uh, Lego's Mario day announcements that they had. Um,
it's all too expensive. And apparently Mario is riding, um, Donkey Kong like a Yoshi or something.
That's kind of weird. Um, also for Mario day, of course, we got a brand new, uh, Mario movie direct
with the final trailer. It looks cool. Lots of Mario cartness and we even get fire Donkey Kong.
So go check it out. I can't wait to see the movie. It's like less than a month away now.
Yeah. For all my issues with one particular casting, I just feel like everything we've
seen about it seems to rise above it. So I'll probably check it out. Um, if someone will take
me on a date, but maybe Alan will actually see it. Who knows? We, we very rarely get out to
movies. It's funny. Cause I was commenting to somebody the other day. I was like, yeah,
I think I've only seen two movies in the theater in the last year. And one of them was everything
everywhere all at once, you know, for all the talk about the movie going on tonight. I'm like,
I think that's like one of two movies I saw in the theater in the last year or so. Um,
maybe super Mario brothers will be one for this year. We'll see. Let's see. All right.
I hear that the judges and dragons movie is awesome too. Like the reviews have been great
so far, which is funny because the nineties one was not so no, that was a terrible movie.
It'd be nice if they flipped the script a little. I really liked actually the one they did. And of
course, Kroll was originally supposed to be a D and D movie. Interesting. All right. Uh,
Darcy, you had a quick story for us here. Yeah, I guess I do. Um, so surprising to really
nobody that's watched the show. Last of Us is the highest ranked video game adaptation of all time.
It's been getting great reviews. It's been renewed for a second season. It had the second high,
second largest debut, uh, according to HBO. Um, it's behind actually the house of the dragon
and it's been just considered amazing. It got, uh, a 9.4, uh, out of 10 across the boards for,
uh, uh, IMDB and a lot of the ranking systems. Um, it actually almost matches the games ranking,
which was a 9.7. Um, and the user, uh, rankings on IMDB are like just astounding over the,
over the moon. It's, it's better than the Witcher in part, in terms of how it was ranked as well.
And it's even ranking over Castlevania and definitely over Halo, which was terrible,
but yeah, as far as the video game ones, just to go through, um, uh, the, uh, adaptation.
So last of us is at the top followed by the Witcher and the league of legends was as arcane
Castlevania, Halo, Tron uprising. I don't know why that's there because it was not the video
game. The dragon age absolution was also pretty, pretty up there, but above all of it, um,
and number nine on the list, by the way, is Mass Effect Paragon lost, which was pretty good.
Our arcane that league of legends one is apparently really good, even if you don't
really follow legal legends. So I thought that was interesting. So I'm not surprised
that's popping up there. So, um, but, uh, I just, uh, at some point I'll get around to watching the
last of us. I'm just so behind on TV. You know what? I finally watched this week, especially
considering the cruise I just went on. I finally started watching lower decks this week. It's
really funny. I like, I'm actually glad I finally got motivated to watch it cause it is really funny.
So, and the, the characters in it are so good. So, you know, I only have what, like 28 more
episodes of that to watch and then I can get around to a last of us to some of this other
stuff I'm behind on. So I'm just that cool hip old man watching shows from five years ago.
All right. Uh, speaking of up and coming new things, you can check out the Xbox games showcase
on June 11th. That's going to be immediately followed by a star field direct. So it's going
to be a big day for lots of Xbox games. Of course, that date probably sounding very much like an E3
kind of date. And considering we still don't, by the way, less than three months out until E3 and
we don't even have confirmation that it's actually happening. Um, I'll just leave that there, but
Microsoft will be doing a game showcase if you know, nothing else on June 11th. And I imagine
not only will we hear about star field, but maybe some of the other releases from Microsoft this
year, I'm hoping for fable. I'm hoping for some news on fable. I really want to know what playground
for fable. Yeah. The, uh, uh, Forza horizon team is done with the fable series because Forza
horizon is, you know, they, they, there are many people, myself among them that will say, that's
the reason to own an Xbox. That is the game you are truly missing. If you are not on Microsoft's
platform is horizon. Even if you're not a racing game fan, it horizon is that good. And, uh, the
fact that they're going to be working on now fable makes me really curious what they're going to do
with it. Uh, Zen monkey 11 and chat says, it's just going to be a fable MMO light game. I don't,
I don't maybe, I am sorry. Don't threaten me with a good time. I know that actually would not be a
bad thing. I mean, could it be open world the way the horizon is open world that it's a little bit
more drop in and drop out? Like I don't want to just assume because horizon has done a certain
way fable is going to be done the same way. I think the developers have the bandwidth to do
other stuff with it if they want. So, uh, anyway, I'll be very curious to see what comes out of
this, but we'll, we'll all find out together on June 11th. Is that a show night? Cause I know,
uh, I'm having a peek ahead June. Yes. June 11th is a show night. Ooh, this could be interesting.
This could be an interesting summer. All right, we'll see. Uh, let's travel around the world and
check out some releases, some things that are going to be coming out a little sooner than fable
on the Xbox, uh, things this week in the U S and beyond starting in the U S Loki. Uh, we have hot
wheels, rift rally on iOS PlayStation form PlayStation five, uh, the legend of heroes trails
to Azure on PC, Nintendo switch and PlayStation four, uh, Valheim coming to Xbox one and Xbox
series. Vernal edge on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one
and Xbox series. Alice gear, agus CS, uh, concentro of the symbol tricks, I guess,
civil tricks, uh, that's on the Nintendo switch PlayStation four and PlayStation five,
the dark pictures, switchback VR. I thought that was a large game, but as this kind of launch,
uh, that is on PlayStation VR to, uh, post void, the Nintendo switch and PlayStation four,
Bayonetta origins, Theresa and the lost demon on Nintendo switch flame keeper on PC and
Nintendo switch. And, uh, last but not least WWE two K 23 on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation
five, Xbox one and Xbox series. Uh, before we get to Japan, great question from chat regarding the
Xbox event when dark to see a pointed out, uh, that he wasn't sure what time it was going to be
at. They haven't announced the time. And that is very interesting. I would bank that it's probably
going to be more of a morning ish event. I don't think necessarily like 9.00 AM, but it could be
more like an 11 AM, maybe even as early as 10 AM. Here's my logic behind that, um, Europe, or,
you know, not all of Europe, but you know, the, the, the main Europe time is going to be five
hours ahead of Eastern time, which is eight hours ahead of Pacific time. So something that's at
noon for us in California is going to be at 8 PM for Europe or prime time. If they are going to
feature a game like fable being developed by a studio in Europe, it makes a lot of sense for
them to do that with the world being the way it's laid out. Somebody is always going to have it in
the middle of the night. Um, Japan being in the middle of the night for Microsoft makes a lot of
sense. Microsoft is, it doesn't have as much to show Japan. We all know that. So, uh, it makes
sense that because if they did it in the morning here, it would be something like, God, probably
like three in the morning for Japan. But I think Microsoft's probably willing to, uh, cut that loss.
Whereas if they did it in the, at the, in the night here, if they did it at a 5 PM or an 8 PM
slot, it's going to be like one or 2 AM for Europe. And I think, uh, Microsoft's not going
to want to do that. So we'll see what happens though. Uh, anything could happen and, you know,
if maybe they have a big announcement that they want Japan's attention for, uh, anything is
possible. Speaking of Japan, let's check out the releases that they are getting this week.
We'll start with the Nintendo switch, which sees Dawn of the monsters this week, as well as Jitsu
squad in a regular and special edition. This week, six target star trail is out in a regular
and limited edition stranger of sword city, as well as blue winged. Chevalier comes out this
week. Uh, also Bayonetta origins, uh, in a lockstep with the European release of Bayonetta
origins and the U S release on St. Patrick's day. So Bayonetta is also out on the switch.
That game is releasing a lot sooner than I would have expected it to, but I guess it has been in
those directs lately. So it's just, I'm just like, Whoa, that game is suddenly coming. Okay. I
thought that was like a summer game. Anyway, PlayStation five, you really only have Dawn
of the monsters this week, but you also have an, a no, a no 1800. Uh, this is a, uh, Ubisoft game.
That's like old warships type of thing. So, uh, 1800 probably being the year. Uh, so that is out
this week as well. And, uh, that is it for PlayStation five releases this week.
Let's go over to Europe, dark soccer. We have on the 14th, uh, transport fever two for PlayStation
X-Box for the same also clash artifacts of chaos, Zeno edition, WWE two K 23 deluxe edition on the
16th for PlayStation switch. We have Alice gear Aegis, um, for PlayStation and X-Box we have, uh,
I know 1800 console edition, uh, for, uh, PC. We are, I should say just for computer, we have,
uh, the Sims four going together expansion on the 17th for PlayStation and switch. We have a signal
us, um, on switch, we have Bayonetta origins, Theresa and the lost demon on, uh, the three,
we have Peppa pig world adventures. Um, on the 17th for PlayStation X-Box, we have WWE
two K 23, um, for PlayStation switch, we have windstorm and unexpected arrival.
All right. A few more stories for y'all, and then we'll get to the listener round table
featuring your emails. Actually, I don't think we have emails tonight, but maybe we'll see
participate at orange.com, uh, phone calls and chat comments. Uh, we'll get to that in a minute
though, but first we have some more stories for you. Loki. Yeah. So, um, with the new update that
came out for Mario Kart eight, it of course added Berto to the roster of characters,
but along with that, a new column for, uh, new characters. And now it appears that there's still
five more new characters coming to Mario Kart eight. So that's exciting. Um, we'll have to
see who exactly is going to be coming, but, um, I guess in the future DLC, we'll see those five
characters come in. Orange. Right. And chat says pink, gold, Daisy. Don't joke about that because
honestly like just alternate skins of existing care. I bet I'm going to put, I'm going to put
an official OLR bet an official Rob Roberts prediction. At least one of those characters
is just some terrible reskin of an existing character.
But I bet we'll get a couple. I bet we'll get a couple interesting ones in that.
I'm not sure who's missing. Oh, fire emblem. We don't have anyone from fire emblem in the game
yet. Right. You will get someone from the Mario movie. We can get the, one of those penguins.
Oh, that might be cute. A Mario movie tie-in. I like what you're thinking with that. Yeah.
Maybe one of the penguins or something. Huh? That's a cute idea. Yeah. Mike Defton chat says
silver Yoshi and Birdo. Oh, yo Yoshi's a prime target for the really cheap reskin type of thing.
Cause Yoshi already had reskins. That's in the lore. If you want to go back to super Mario world
and like the red Yoshi that shoots fire. Well, you can do that already in Mario card eight. You can,
you select Yoshi and you can choose the ultimate thing for that. I haven't played in so long. I
don't even remember that. So, but yeah, there's stupid things like metal Mario where it's like
gold Mario and yeah. Yeah. So pink gold. All right. We'll see. We'll see. All right.
Moving on dark soccer. Amazon's got actually an abstract proposed for something called Alexa
arena, which excuse me, my voice is catching. Which basically is an interactive platform
for AI training where you go through the game and it's, you have to like do just certain
normal tasks, a specific way. Like one is plug the floppy disc into the computer with a skull on it,
you know, and it's like this, the scenario laid out is going into an office, but it's supposed to
work for machine learning to apply to everyday office use and personal assistant use. So yeah,
our robot overlords are getting closer. This kind of ties in a little bit so that
I know you were here at the beginning of the show. We were talking in depth a little bit about AI,
you know, and that seems to be the next big thing in gaming because, you know,
Discord's been doing a lot with AI and this, you know, training the robots, how to kind of,
it's interesting that a lot of companies are going this direction. It's going to be very
interesting to see. I've taken some courses in machine learning and it actually,
they can't really do anything without the information that we feed them. So they have
to build up a massive database of information. Doing a game to do this is actually a pretty
smart idea. You know, I'm just saying. There are clever ways to get people's data,
absolutely. No, I'm not saying this is for people's data. This is for training in AI by providing it
feedback. My brain went to- This has nothing to do with personal data.
My brain went to Pokemon sleep and how that is like using cute little, cute Pokemon to
farm people's sleeping data. Which is, this is something completely different. This is teaching
activity and giving it a broad range of activity to add to its learning.
All right. My brain's a little bit on this whole stealing things.
That's not how machine learning works.
Well, say that to the AI art robots because that's-
That's a little different. This is more for teaching an assistive AI.
All right. Moving on. Loki.
All right. So this is not too surprising, but you know, after the reveal of the Suicide Squad
gameplay that was recently part of the deep dive that they did in the PlayStation,
was it PlayStation Now event that they had, fans were very disappointed by what they saw.
And as such, Rocksteady has now delayed the game from May to sometime later this year to
address those concerns from-
Taking a page out of the first Sonic the Hedgehog trailer playbook, right?
Something to that effect. Yeah.
Hey, you know what? It worked out well for that movie. So
maybe- Honestly, this actually is probably news we should be applauding.
I don't think we should be looking at this going-
Yeah. Basically saying- Jason Schreier explained that, you know, don't expect any big changes,
but you know, instead it's gonna be some polishing as to what's already there.
They're gonna have to make some changes though, because it looked pretty not great.
You know what? It's just like, Suicide Squad's just not crack down. Please don't make it crack
down. All right. Well, this particular series isn't Persona, but that's not going to stop
somebody from trying. And yes, I've been sent this little movie a lot. And I think technically
it came up at the end of the show last week, but let's talk now officially on record about
the Persona type RPG where you are going to play as the Golden Girls.
That's right. It's the Golden Girls Take Manhattan DX, and it's developed by Joey
Pagano and Chris Lindgren. It's a fast paced JRPG where you play as Rose, Dorothy, Sophia,
and Blanche on the streets of Miami where you're battling clowns for whatever reason. And you do
Dark Souls type adventures through dungeons. There's a whole trailer as well that came out,
which I don't know how this isn't getting cease and desisted, but apparently what happened,
and this is all on the Game Dev website, if you want to read at j-e-o-y.dev, you can read the
blog that says, what started as a joke has quickly spiraled into a playground of ideas meant to
explore just how much we can push our skills and retain our sanity with our own brand of humor.
Simply put, this is Persona 5's gameplay replaced with the context of the Golden Girls. There is no
reason why we use that coat of paint other than how far can we take this joke? I'm a little
worried it's going to get C&D'd over that, but otherwise it's scheduled to release this holiday
season. In looking at the trailer, the characters look different enough. When you do something like
this, it doesn't just have to be like the Golden Girls IP, but then you also have the likenesses
to the actresses that played Blanche, Sophia, and so forth. And I would say that I don't think
that the rose really looks like Betty White, but the Dorothy looks a lot like Bea Arthur to me.
So I feel like that's a whole other place that this could get tied up, because what was it?
Oops, not the intro playing again. Was it the Clue game or something? There's some official
license thing out there. I think it's the Clue game. Sophia looks nothing like Sophia,
and I think it's because they probably couldn't get the estate of Estelle Getty to sign on to it.
So whether it's a tied up in logistics thing or they really just didn't want to be associated
with it or whatever the reason is. Anyway, my point is never announce these things this far
in advance unless you're ready to drop the game on the internet tomorrow. And it's a once on the
internet, always on the internet type of situation because I feel like this is going to get cease and
desisted. And they're going to have to change those characters into Grandma RPG, you know,
with nondescript older, you know, which we'll all know what it is wink wink nudge, but
well, I mean, if they give them guns, and that would suffice for one of our dreams.
That is that is okay, but okay, but Golden Girls will win.
Hey, I'd be into that. That's for sure. Ah, some comments and chat Zen monkey with some lore.
I think they did a popular Golden Girls episode with a clown. I think Dorothy's husband was
dressed like a clown or something. I'm sure they got Stan. In fact, that is a image that's coming
to my mind to stand in a clown outfit because it's a really, you know, funny image when she's
talking about her ex. So anyway, uh, let's see. Fifth Dream says olden gals. Yeah, that just
changed the name a little bit. Rhetortainment points out there's a reason why the Golden Girls
Chia pet doesn't look like any of the Golden Girls. They'd have to pay the Estator. Yeah,
it's exactly that type of thing for sure. So and everybody in chat is like,
just base it off of Golden Palace instead. That's true. If they can't get the estate of
Bea Arthur to sign on, they sure could. They'd have to get who was it? Was it Cheech
from Cheech and Chong was in that as well. And then one other well known actor today.
Was it Don Cheadle was in that? I want to say yes, Don Cheadle was in that. Yes, that's it.
So. All right. Moving on. Yeah, I would expect you would know these things Loki because I know
your wife has made you watch them all. I have never watched Golden Palace. Really?
Actually, you know, I take that back. I may have seen it on TV like when it was actually on like
a long time ago, but I remember it when it was actually on TV. We used to watch like,
we used to watch Golden Girls that I think my grandparents house or maybe watch it at home too.
I don't know. But it was like a staple. It was definitely something we watched when it was on
like actually airing on TV. And I'm pretty sure that we watched at least I've seen like
a an episode of Golden Palace. It was only on for one season. Golden Palace was essentially the
eighth season of Golden Girls without Bea Arthur. You know, it's just yeah, it's very,
very different. That's why I didn't do it was on a different network. It wasn't on NBC was on CBS.
Yeah, no, I was just gonna say with that I was gonna say Golden Girls was on for so long. It
was on for like seven years that by the time they got to Golden Palace, it was like 92.
So that's around the time at least for me, I was like a freshman, sophomore in high school by the
time you know that happened. So I wasn't that young when that came out. So that was our staple
in designing women. Oh, and that was the night that the lights went out. Well before it was a
Drag Race monologue lip sync. But if they were going to pick any monologue to be a lip sync on
that television program, that is the one to do so I will give them that. So now now I just now I
can't even see like, what was her name? It wasn't Delta Burke. It was. Oh, my God, the other star
that show. I can't remember her name. Dixie Carter. Dixie Carter. Yeah, yeah. Um, I now I
see Monet X Change doing it in my mind. I don't even see Dixie Carter doing it. All right.
I mean, I will say when when someone says the the night the lights went out of Georgia, I think of
Vicki Lawrence. Yes, there is that too. I know that because that was the staple in my household
was mama's family. And my mother loved, loved, loved Carol Burnett and everything associated
with it. Vicki Lawrence's rendition of that song is just like, gives me chills. Oh, yeah. All
right. Let's move on. That was it. That was it for the last story. I can't believe I put that
story last. Yes. All right. No, I will. I'm not like it's just it's funny, like how many times
that was sent to me. But I, I don't like I get to the point where I appreciate that those sorts of
things make people think of me. I do appreciate it. All right. Let's get to the listener round
table. If you would like to email us participate at OrangeLawnTrader.com or you'd like to call us
by joining our green room over on Discord vog network.com slash discord if you'd like to join
our Discord server. Or we can just reminisce about 80s TV shows like y'all are doing in chat. But
seriously, anything you want to bring up as well we can talk about here. I just want to confirm I
don't think we have emails tonight just confirming that. Okay, so I thought we had junk. We had Oh,
yay junk. My favorite. Maybe it's time to change the address again. I don't know.
Um, no, we don't get that much junk. No, it was it was bad when we changed it the first time it was
bad, but it's not so bad anymore. Let's see. Michigan says, you know, I never knew Vicki
Lawrence was the one who originally sang that song. I feel dumb now thinking it was Reba.
I thought there was someone before Vicki even. Or I thought it was a old old song.
Yeah, it's supposed to be an older song. Yeah. I think Vicki just had like a
very successful version of it. All right, so the it was a southern gothic murder ballad written in
1972. By Bobby Russell and recorded by his then wife Vicki Lawrence. Hers is the original.
Really? I thought there was a version before. Okay. How about that? All right.
And then it was covered by Reba McEntire in 1991. Right.
Yeah, whenever I think a Reba, I'm only gonna think of fancy. That is the definitive Reba
song for me. I used to have a hat. I miss my hat that I got in Vegas. So you know Reba
played the Vegas show that was at the Celine amphitheater that Adele's in now, right? Reba
had a show there for a little bit. And when I was in Vegas, we didn't get to see the show sadly,
but there's always the souvenir shop. So I bought a hat. It was a cool little black hat. You might
remember this. It said fancy on the hat. I love that hat. Unfortunately, the fancy lettering
started to tear off. It was no good anymore. So cheaply made hat. I know who did the other
version. Tanya Tucker did one with alternate lyrics. Ah, maybe I was thinking of Tanya Tucker.
Okay. Yeah. Anyway. All right. And there's your country music history of the day. Thank you.
sj100matt says we need a TV 8090 sitcom special episode. We still need Orange Launch Fudio.
We got to make that happen. We've been talking about that for a while. I guess I need to lock
down a date with my co hosts here. Now that I'm back from the cruise and all that stuff. So
we'll make that happen. Yeah. All right. What other special shows would you like to see here
at VOG Network? Because the the special cast on the cruise was fun. I'll bring grandpa back for
something else. He was surprisingly well behaved compared to his days on Hoard House. I think he
I think he got the memo that some things have changed. He's mellowed some. I wouldn't say
mellowed but he's he is he's adjusted his digs on me. He was he still gave me hell but he adjusted
them appropriately. So it's good. By the way, Ron Shawn I can do an 80s style music. Just wait.
Okay. We have an anniversary. So coming up in June, maybe we'll we'll play around with some
of that. All right. Anyway. All right. Well, not a lot of other activity coming in. So you know
what I think I think even though it's a little shorter tonight, I think we've hit the end of the
show. This is what it is. I know I just got here. I know. There's stuff on TV that has people's
attention to I don't know if you heard about that whole thing going on tonight. So the Oscars are
tonight. Oh, shit. I don't pay attention. I know we will we've been doing this for over 20 years.
So we kind of but you know, I important I noticed the nights that big things are on TV. It's also
to be fair. It's also the last of us finale, which I don't know who counter program that on the
Oscars, but maybe because they have a lot of on demand watchers for that. So there's that. All
right. Looking for voice talent. Let's go around and get everybody's final thought for the night.
First off, I'm gonna say thank you so much for listening to Orange Launch Radio. Thank
you for tuning in. We are the show where every gamer has a voice but to get more voices out
there. We need them. So tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word. A nice
five star review on a site like iTunes goes an awful long way. We appreciate all of that as well
wherever it is you listen to show Spotify. Help us spread the word. We appreciate it. With that,
we'll get to final thoughts star Sakura. Sorry, you missed most of the show, but I hope you had
fun with the stream. I did. And it was nice to finally get to participate in that. But I'm
going to be hopping back into the fog immediately. You're still going tonight. So yeah, I am. Hey,
you gotta have consistency, right? Yeah, it's important. And rank reset is tomorrow. So I want
to do as much bullshit gaming while I'm eerie one as I can. Sounds good. All right. All right. Well,
have a great stream tonight. Later, taters. And remember, bullshit shenanigans. It's a thing.
Okay, later. Loki, your final thought for tonight?
My final thought is it's nice to see everything everywhere all at once sweeping the Oscars.
Did it win? Did it win the big one? Or do we not know? Not yet, but it's won like,
four or five categories already. What was it? Best Supporting Actress, Best Supporting Actor,
uh, Best Screenplay. And there's something else. I missed it.
Let's see, my final thought for tonight. I guess I'll plug my own streaming. Next week,
I'm going to stream on Tuesday and Thursday. Tuesday, I'm hoping to finish No Man's Sky
Expedition 9. I don't know if I can actually do it all in one night. So we'll try our best to get it
done on Tuesday. If not, maybe I'll have to do a bonus stream. I was gonna do a bonus stream over
the weekend. But if the Diablo 4 beta is this weekend, then no. I don't know if we can stream
the Diablo 4 beta. I imagine if it's an open beta, we must be able to because I'll be playing
way too much of that this weekend. Believe it. So if they allow me to stream it, I will. If I'm not
allowed to, then I won't. Thursday, I'm gonna play more theater. The World Ends With You DLC will be
out on Thursday. So I look forward to that. Otherwise, I hope everybody has a great week.
Please be safe if you partake in St. Patrick's Day shenanigans. Although for some reason,
it seems like a lot of that happened this past weekend. Like they died the river in Chicago
this weekend when St. Patrick's Day is on a Friday. I don't know. They must do it on a Saturday
or something. So yeah, I'll be curious to see what shenanigans happen on Friday. But please be safe,
y'all. And have a good one. That's gonna do it for another episode of Orange Laundry. Have a great
week. We will see you next time. And be safe, everyone. Have a wonderful night. Bye.
Those of the staff of orange lounge radio nor fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
