This week, I had a sudden desire to play Chrono Trigger on the Switch, which isn't
currently possible.
I could get out my 3DS and play it there, but the ergonomics of the Switch were a little
bit better for me.
I could play it on my phone, and might, since my 3DS's battery is very degraded.
Why am I talking about myself right now?
Because the Switch release is pretty likely to happen at some point, and it's a happier
thought than the rest of the news involving Square Enix right now.
This is the Remake-O-Rama update.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to get derailed by
daylight and talk about the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show
where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again after a week off with episode number
950 of our show, a landmark number of sorts for tonight, March the 5th of 2023.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here with you every week as are my co-hosts.
Say hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
What's up?
Hello.
Well, I say every week, but not last week, but that's my fault.
It wasn't a bad reason.
Yeah.
No, and as I've mentioned a few times on the show, I went on a cruise.
We were on a Star Trek themed cruise, and yeah, I'll tell you more about that in just
a minute, but unfortunately, the only downside to that is that by going on vacation and doing
a cruise and being in the airports and all that, Alan's feeling a little under weather
today.
We were supposed to meet Dark Sakura and one of our streamer friends who's in town, Nick
and Prince.
You and I both raid him a lot on our personal streams.
I'm sure a lot of our viewers are familiar with him at this point.
We were supposed to meet him for brunch today.
You got to meet him for brunch, but I didn't because we're erring on the side of Alan's
feeling a little under the weather.
It doesn't seem to be COVID yet, but we're just going to err on the side of caution.
And Nick seemed to appreciate that, so we just both hope that Alan gets to feeling better
soon and that you don't get it.
Yeah, for sure.
I completely realized there is a risk with doing fun things in the world, but we tried
our best.
We'll see.
We'll see what happens.
Maybe it could just be, you know, bodies are worn down from a week straight worth of partying
that honestly it could, it could just be a cold or something, you know, a little more,
a little more innocent, I suppose than what we've become used to over the last three years.
Are you aware that Brookfield's no longer has many loaves?
No, that's a tragedy.
It's an utter trash, but I did have a cranberry mimosa, so that was great.
That's good.
Did you get your soup?
No, I ended up because I made a whole bunch of soup yesterday and I'm going to eat that
up and then if I want, I'll go lemono, I'll go pick some up.
Yeah.
All right.
Well also say hello to a, I think also a fan of soup.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Soup is good.
I've been known to have two soups in one meal.
Two soups?
That's an extra fancy meal.
Real raisin bran.
There's two soups.
Uh, what, what, what's your favorite soup?
Um, well, I like a good French onion soup.
Ah, oh.
On the cruise.
Cause you know, you get to eat in the main dining room and there's a French onion soup
that was so good.
Yeah.
That's one of my faves too.
But a good chicken tortilla, I think is always going to be one of my favorites.
And now creating a French onion soup.
My bad.
My bad.
My bad.
All right.
Well also say hello to all of you listening live as we do tape live every Sunday night
at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the
voice of geeks network, twitch.tv slash a VOG network.
And you can chat along with our show if you're listening to us live over at twitch.tv slash
a VOG network where VX Jason XV chiming in on the soup says hot and sour soup is my jam.
I can't believe I forgot hot and sour soup.
That is the best.
Hot and sour soup is the best.
Yeah, I love it.
I love it.
But I, I,
Number one, avgolemono, number two, war wanton.
I do love war wanton and I know the vinegary part of hot and sour soup can really make
a hit and miss for people.
But when I'm sick, there's nothing I want more than hot and sour soup is number three.
So good.
Homemade chicken matzo soup.
The time potato soup is good too, especially for bacon.
I do love potato soup.
Since we're derailing this with soup, I will tell you about the soup I made.
Um, I, we had a rotisserie chicken and I keep a like vegetable scraps that are still good.
And I'll freeze them in, in my, uh, in my freezer and add them all into like a, a stock.
And so, but I didn't have very many, just like the ends of a couple of onions and like
a basil leaf.
So I threw that in there, threw in some fresh trimmings from my Rosemary Oregano thyme.
Um, and I took all the chicken off the rotisserie chicken and put that in the fridge.
And then I cooked down all the bones for about four hours into a really good, rich bone stock.
And then I strained all the bones out and threw all that away.
And I added in another thing of chicken stock that I happen to have because I needed it
loaded up.
So what is in this soup is a dark meat and white meat rotisserie chicken.
So it's nice and tender and not at all dry.
It's got charred leek.
And then the mirepoix that, you know, you have to have that first for soup it's, which
is onion, carrot and a celery.
And my soup is fucking delightful.
Now I want soup, but I did this to myself.
Congrats.
I played myself.
Um, so, uh, I make a good chicken soup.
No cereal is not soup.
On a, on a programming type of note.
So I did mention the Star Trek cruise.
That is where I was at.
And you might be wondering what the hell is a Star Trek cruise?
What makes it different than a regular cruise?
And the short answer is the celebrities in the shows, but the long answer, I'm going
to do a special stream here at VOG network.
We haven't been able to do a lot of special programming outside of Sunday nights, but
I really want to try to get correcting the course on that.
So Thursday here at VOG network at about five 30 Pacific eight 30 Eastern, um, captain Matt,
formerly of the starboard power coupling formerly, formerly grandpa Warcraft from courthouse,
who was also on the cruise with me and, and essentially was the one that got me to start
going on the cruise will be joining me for a special stream on Thursday night to talk
all about the cruise.
Even if you could give a shit about the star Trek cruise, we're going to play Overwatch
together live on stream.
He plays competitively.
I don't so it's, and if you've ever heard Matt and I interacting, you know, he can sometimes
get very frustrated with me when I'm a baddie.
So I'm sure it'll be fun for nothing else, but for that.
So check that out Thursday here at the voice geeks network, uh, we will, uh, remind you
on our discord server over at vog network.com slash discord.
Of course, before that show, uh, I think that's all the plugs out of the way, uh, before I
get to the kickoff topic tonight, which I'll ask Loki about in a minute, um, Loki, I do
want to ask about, cause it was noted in the chat that you're, you have some type of like
Jurassic park on rails shooter playing behind you live tonight, because you can see the
video when you watch us here at Twitch TV.
And I'm, I am even, I'm curious, I don't know this drastic park game that's playing behind
you.
I saw the logo, so I know it's drastic park and not some Dino world knockoff, but what,
what is this?
It is the staple of most modern arcades nowadays.
It's Jurassic park, the arcade by Roth reels.
It's it is an on a rail shooter, Jurassic park game.
Got it.
It's like my, my youngest son's favorite game at the arcade.
Is it?
Okay.
I was kind of curious why you picked that game.
You know, I w I was a little bummed to miss the shenanigans that a dark soccer Nick Prince
were up to earlier today because the, the play, I guess it's okay for me to say that
cause you're, you're done now.
So it's not like listeners can go find you, but the, the place where they met up was Brookfield's,
the little restaurant in front of Roseville golf land.
And I was thinking, Oh, wouldn't it be a hoot if dark soccer and I went over to Roseville
golf land after and took some sad face movies on the show of our old stomping grounds instead
of Roseville golf land.
Oh, that's probably smart.
Um, and Nick was talking about having played that Minecraft game there, but we went to
target.
Oh, Tarshay.
Good times.
Did some adulting.
Oh my gosh.
Fun.
Well, I are sheets.
You know, what's funny.
I also had to do a target run before my cruise.
Thank God.
My sister lives in long beach and was able to play chauffeur because I did not pack the
guard for my Clippers.
So I had to go to target and get a cheap thing of Clippers, which we kind of needed a new
one anyway, which whatever, just because I forgot the guard and I didn't want, uh, Alan
has a big bushy beard, which is very handsome, but, um, I, mine will grow uneven.
It will be very ugly if I don't keep it, uh, uh, even so.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, um, one of the things though, is that, you know, that like the part of Roseville
closer to the, the freeway is like my old, my old stomping grounds, like used to shop
at that Trader Joe's over there.
Um, and so when I dropped Nick off, I actually went over there and went back to, it's called
the Oriental market.
It's very, very lots of good Filipino food.
Like you can get all kinds of frozen lumpia and everything.
And I bought Ube rolls and I'm super happy.
Is that in the same shopping center as Trader Joe's?
It's a bit down the street.
Okay.
Cause I was like, when I, when I was a kid growing up there, none of that was to say,
like it wasn't even Trader Joe's.
It was something else that I don't even remember what it was, but it wasn't Trader Joe's.
So it was just, yeah.
There were some things that were still there.
Like they were poor, like the same Starbucks is there, but I was happy.
The one thing, which was a chubby diner for the record, not a Starbucks, the thing that
makes me a little bit sad though, is that when I went in, the ladies working didn't
have on Filipino dramas, which are hilarious to watch if you don't understand the language.
I bet.
All right.
Well, let's get into some games and talk about some of the things from this week and maybe
some of the things we missed as well.
We'll invite your topics a little later on in the show.
I think most of our news tonight is from the past week, but if there's something we missed
from two weeks ago, you really want us to touch on, we'll get to that during the listener
round table a little bit later.
But for now, let's talk about the story we talk about every week, every week.
It's the ongoing soap opera that is the acquisition of Activision by Microsoft.
But there's some interesting developments this week that are worth talking about here.
Yes.
According to Reuters, the European Commission is considered likely to approve the acquisition
of Activision Blizzard by Microsoft.
That's surprising actually, because I wonder what changed because all the predictions were
saying that they weren't going to approve that.
And I don't know if maybe some of the concessions or the Nintendo announcement or some of these
like Call of Duty, I'd be very curious.
And granted, I could have just missed some of this.
I've been out of the loop on the news, full disclosure.
Like when I was on the boat, I'm not sitting there reading Twitter or social, any form
of social media and keeping it on top of the gaming news.
I'm enjoying the cruise.
So I don't know if something swung the pendulum hard the other direction, but it's fascinating
to me that all of the needles were they're going to say no, they're going to say no.
And now it's they're going to say yes, because I think if they say yes, I think Europe was
more likely to say no than America, quite frankly.
I'm sorry.
Now I have Madeline Kahn in my head going, no, no, no, no, no, no, yes.
I think it's probably they've been showing that, you know, they are committed to putting
their games out multi platform, like with these different deals that they're doing with
like Nvidia, Steam, Nintendo.
So it's I don't know.
I think it's probably some goodwill there, at least with making those moves and probably
further looking.
I mean, honestly, like if you look in the Sony, like they do the same stuff like we
like are you really going to say like that they don't pay for exclusives and stuff like
that?
Like they do that all the time.
Like in.
So it'd be interesting to see what comes out of that.
Speaking of which, one of the things that may come out of that is revealing what Sony
actually pays for exclusives because they are making deals with different companies
to bring games over there.
And part of that argument is that they are paying to have games not only on their service,
but also paying to keep them off of Game Pass.
Which you know, it kind of shows that they're being a little anti competitive, if you ask
me, or maybe they are being competitive, I don't know.
But it is interesting, especially like, I just think the whole back and forth with them
like saying, Well, you know, we just won't have the competitive advantage anymore.
It's like, really, like, if that, if that didn't go through, they would totally try
to buy Activision, they would do the same thing.
And of course, going along with that, you know, we still have Phil Spencer still downplaying
the whole acquisition thing saying basically that if, you know, it doesn't, you know, end
up going through that Xbox will still exist, you know, they're going to still be there.
You know, it's not some sort of linchpin for their long term plan or whatever, which is
true.
I mean, they've got tons of different publishers already.
Yeah, I just think it's all just strategic right now trying to get the acquisition to
go through and we'll see what actually happens.
What's developing in court, though, is very interesting.
That's for sure.
There's, you know, now it's the whole trying to get Sony to show their cards too, right?
It's I, I'm kind of surprised and I'm, you know, I'm going to be fully honest, I'm not
sure how this all works in civil court.
But I and I'm not a lawyer, right?
You know, so I'm fully willing to admit my ignorance, which a lot of people that talk
about video games aren't willing to do.
So I'm just putting that on the table up front.
Okay.
I would think that in a civil court, a judge could like gag order some of these secrets
that yes, they need to be discussed in the courtroom.
But there's going to be a gag order on it so that these secrets don't get released outside
the courtroom.
And I don't know if there's just a concern that somebody is going to leak it or what's
what's going on.
I mean,
could they I don't know if the European Union has like an equivalent of like, Freedom of
Information Act type requests or whatever, where you can do that, like to reveal the
secrets, I guess, if you will.
Yeah, but some secrets to I think about all the things that the former president's been
doing in court, and there's a lot of it and all the redacted documents that come out of
that granted.
Now, I do know a lot of that is criminal.
And because of who it involves, you know,
it's also ongoing, like, you know, stuff.
So like, if it's done, then that would probably be released.
I could see that.
It's like national security stuff.
I guess, yeah, video games are not national security, believe it or not.
So no matter what Sony and Microsoft, you believe they're not that important.
Do I mean, does the public I'm going to ask a really weird question here.
Does the public have a right to know what Sony's paying for this stuff?
I kind of think the public should know some of this stuff.
Like, you know, I don't think it changes anything at the end of the day.
It's not like somebody's gonna be like, well, I'm not gonna buy a PlayStation five because
Sony does this.
I kind of feel like some of this transparency ought to be out on the table.
I don't know.
Yeah, because it gives the impression like, assuming that say you it's it's, I don't think
anyone's really thinking this like, you know, like with I don't know, like, basically, what
I'm saying is, like, if you take like a game, then put it like, if I'm picking a specific
platform to release it on, you could, you know, draw the conclusion like, well, I picked
the better platform to release it on, because I think this is a stronger platform overall.
But if you don't see that there's a money being exchanged, or how much money is being
exchanged, you might think, Oh, well, you know, this platform is just better.
That's why I mean, sure, they may have paid a little bit, but like, this platform is just
better because that's why they're that's why Square is choosing to release their games
on Sony's platform.
But if it ends up, it's like, Oh, yeah, but they're also getting like, $200 million or
I don't know, you know, just some stupid amount, like $20 million to release their
game on that platform that may all of a sudden kind of bring a little bit more clarity to
it, whether it's like, well, it's not really a better platform, it's just that they just
paid him a ton of money to do that.
So it's, it is important, I think, to have some of that transparency there, because yeah,
it does kind of skew things a bit.
You may think, Oh, well, it, you know, it's because they're good guys.
No, no, not necessarily.
Nobody's good in capitalism.
Nobody's
no, no.
Yeah.
And the game industry and all that stuff.
Yeah.
Um, let's see.
Let's get some comments from chat over twitch.tv slash a vog network.
DJ Rama S says Sony's dirty laundry is about to be aired and I am here for it.
There are a lot of people that seem to be bringing the marshmallows and the chocolate
and the graham crackers to what's about to happen in court.
I don't I mean, like, again, I just see it as like a transparency thing.
I don't I don't think Sony's gonna get raked over the coals for it.
Like, everybody's gonna forget about it.
It's gonna be just a little embarrassing.
Like they're, they're gonna have to show their ass figuratively and somewhat literally.
And it's gonna be a little embarrassing.
But at the end of the day, it's just an ass.
It's just business, right?
So we know they're probably paying an obscene questionable amount of money for this or this
would be under discussion in the first place.
That's kind of my take on it.
DJ Rama S also says it's crazy.
I know people that will sell their PS fours and fives if the deal goes through.
No, they're not gonna sell a play.
People say the wildest shit when you put a keyboard and a monitor in front of them.
People say the wildest shit.
You know what?
If they do it, I say buy it off of them, get a good deal.
I also offer half of what it's worth.
Who cares what a person like who cares what someone does with their console or not?
Like, do we really need to be in the loop if someone sells their console or buys a console or
like has an opinion on about something?
Like, I don't care.
It doesn't matter.
It does not matter at all.
Someone on the Internet has an opinion?
They're shouting this.
They're making threats like anybody cares.
Nobody cares.
Nobody, you know?
Sorry, Rama.
I know you call them your friends, but it's just like a real friend will tell you when you're acting like a fool.
It's just it's it's bad.
Like, I don't know.
Like it to me, it's just it's like that scene at Jurassic Park.
See, no one cares.
No one cares.
You know, we shout it from the rooftop.
No one cares.
The only people that care, the other people, they're just like that.
So they can stick in their own little click and be stupid together.
I don't really care.
See, it's very.
Oh, go ahead.
I was going to say, like, there's literally nothing like like I always dog on like Nintendo.
Like there's literally nothing Nintendo could do.
OK, well, almost nothing Nintendo could do.
I mean, like if they came out and said, Hey, we hate all trans people and like burn in hell, everybody, then yeah, then I may be more, you know, motivated to sell my console that I have from them.
But like, yikes, hyperbole.
I mean, but like aside from that, like just business decisions, like if they purchase Konami or something like that, you know, good luck with them.
Like, I just wouldn't care.
Like, it wouldn't be anything that they could do.
Business wise, are you saying Nintendo could shoot someone on Fifth Avenue and would never be held accountable for it?
I mean, that's what he's saying, isn't it?
I mean, I don't know, probably.
And unfortunately, as much disdain as I have for the reference I just made, he wasn't wrong.
Clearly.
That's like the one thing he wasn't wrong on.
It's just the insane idiots that follow him don't care.
So, you know, but they don't care about anything.
Anyway, back to chat comments.
Get us back on track.
Sia Tabiri says Hoegh Law, H-O-E-G Law on YouTube does a great job of going through some of the legal aspects of this.
Great.
I'll have to check that out.
Although I always prefer reading it as opposed to having to watch a 10 minute YouTube, but I get it.
It's 2023 and I need to stop being old.
Questbuster says, a side note, the EU is giving the deal its blessing due to the concessions being made, and Microsoft is apparently not expected to sell certain assets to make it happen.
But UK regulators are still concerned over the deal.
A ruling isn't expected until April.
Making a distinction here between EU and the UK, which remember, if you heard the word Brexit, those are two very different things right now.
So good clarification there on that.
And as Joan had a map mentions, personal information can be sealed.
Everything else is public record.
At least it should be.
That's that's we are talking about publicly traded companies.
That is a good perspective on that.
So thank you for that.
Questbuster says Sony's deals will make news like when people found out about how much Epic paid for their exclusives during their bout with Apple.
Oh, yeah, I remember there's a big spreadsheet from Epic that made the news and then it was like, wow, and then it was gone.
And I bet people hardly remember it.
And it's going to be the same thing with Sony is like, wow, it's your ass.
And then everybody will forget the next week because that's the way the Internet works.
Just like anyone remember when, you know, PlayStation online was down for, you know, a couple months or whatever years ago, like anybody remember that?
Yes. Yes.
No, that was Sony showing hole when that happened.
That was that was the black hole of PlayStation Network when that whole thing happened and everybody forgot that.
So there it is.
Let's see, as Joe and Matt says, but this is all part of business.
If the roles were reversed, Microsoft will be making heck for Sony if they were buying ABK.
One difference I think Sony would not be as generous as Microsoft is with Call of Duty exclusivity.
And I know they would not absolutely not.
Absolutely not for sure.
So let's see, Zen Monkey 11 says, I said I wouldn't buy any more Xbox consoles after 360 and I still haven't.
I have an Xbox controller, though, and Game Pass, lol.
Well, that's not a total loss for Microsoft, but I think you're admitting to that in your own what you're saying there.
So I'll leave it at that.
Mike Deff says console wars do exist and we're seeing it with all this ordeal, but we're not the soldiers fighting it.
We're just the innocent bystanders.
Interesting person.
The console wars these days sure aren't what it used to be.
I remember the I'm sure all of us old gamers remember the full page ads, Genesis does what Intend don't and all those things.
And it definitely feels like the console wars aren't fought by marketing teams anymore.
They're fought by social media people and YouTube people.
And it's exhausting.
Like now we all look at that and go, this is even more ridiculous than some of those game ads we used to see.
And let me tell you, there were some ridiculous magazine game ads back in the day.
If you've not seen any, there's a whole internet out there.
Go look at some of these ridiculous game ads and tell me what you think.
So Bobby Black Wolf also says they want Xbox to be a platform, not a console.
The fact you have Game Pass means they got what they wanted from you.
Yes.
And Quest Buster says so much shade in those magazine ads.
I remember the Final Fantasy 7 ad that mocked cartridges.
Oh, yeah, it was always it was it was always something anyway.
All right.
Well, let's talk about the ads that worked on us as we talk about the video games that we've been playing this week in a segment called How Was Your Gaming Week?
Dark Soccer.
And if you want, you can do How Was Your Gaming two weeks because it has been a minute.
So Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
Well, it was the usual stuff.
There was some Dead by Daylight.
I tried to play Star Ocean, but my controllers kind of fucked up.
Like this that has served me well for like the last eight or nine years or no less than that, more like seven.
But anyway, it's been a while.
My right shoulder button's been out for a while and now it's making other buttons stick.
So I ordered another one.
And so I actually played Cult of the Lamb instead.
And it was it was nice revisiting Cult of the Lamb.
Have they done any content updates, patches, extra things to that game since the...
It's just that there's supposed to be a new a new DLC for it coming out.
Oh, cool.
So I'm hoping that it's it's going to be good.
Like they said, there's supposed to be like new buildings in the game that you can make.
So I'm still doing Dead by Daylight.
I hit Eerie four, which made me happy.
Um, thanks.
OK, and I made actually I made friends with somebody I bought stickers from on Etsy, who actually, for those who are watching, did this.
Oh, cute.
A little Susie and I have a pig that's at my at my desk at work and also did this.
Which is for the podcast, there's an artwork of the pig.
Yeah, but I bought some stickers and
the Kaim that my new friend has been swiffing with us.
So the the the team Yeet grows.
And what did I do?
I played some Midnight Suns, you know, kind of slowly easing my way back into it.
It's just being back to work has kind of broken my concentration for stuff.
So I'm like easing my brain back into things.
So, oh, yeah.
And I played a little bit more Beatlemania.
I love that table.
It's like the 1964 era of Beatles music, but it's done like one of those old school pinball tables.
It's got like the big curved end in the open play field and but with enough modern touches that it's really fresh.
And then we watched a thing, but I guess I'm talking about it later in the show, so I'll be quiet about it.
OK, fair enough. Yeah.
All right. Well, then with that, I'll go over to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
I just played Minecraft one edited video.
So like I had an episode come out on the 24th, I believe.
So my modded series and that was fun.
I built a starter house there
and then I've been working on
making flowers
in Minecraft.
OK. Oh, giant flowers.
All right.
I'll see what that's all about in your next video.
It's it's the new the new robot master.
Oh, actually, I'm sorry.
There was a whole lot of stuff that went on. OK.
So let me let me back up here.
So a few things.
So first off, I have my eight robot masters.
I part my series.
I'm building a Mega Man theme this on the season on the channel 64 S&P,
which is cool because I tried to pick like the beginning season.
I wanted to pick a unique
build theme style or whatever that nobody has done before,
because I knew like everybody picks like, you know, I do cyberpunk
or I'm going to do steampunk or cottage core or something like that.
So I was like, OK, Mega Man, no one's done Mega Man
because I've looked online.
All I see is like pixel art stuff that people copy.
No one's actually done Mega Man.
So I picked Mega Man and I have my eight robot masters
that commissioned and created custom robot masters based off of the mobs
in Minecraft.
So the second one I'm working on right now,
because I finished the area for the first one.
The second one is the axolotl woman.
And she is like super cute.
She's got like this robotic axolotl thing that looks really derpy.
Kind of almost looks like a duck billed platypus or something like that.
But her area has like giant flowers in it.
Originally, I was going to be basing it off of the hanging gardens of Babylon,
but then I put that together and it didn't quite look right.
It wasn't like robotic enough.
So I've started now with robotic flowers that are going to be basically
these giant solar arrays or solar panel arrays,
which look really cool, even though it took a week to put together.
But that aside,
so a couple of things happen while that was all going on.
So.
Mojang decided that, hey, we're going to put out some Mega Man X DLC for.
That's right.
Minecraft Bedrock.
So I was like, that sounds like an opportunity for me.
So I was like, OK, hey, hey, you like that DLC?
Well, guess what?
Like, I've been working on this stuff and it's also making me related.
And so I got, you know, some retweets and stuff like that.
A couple of the developers noticed as well.
Then they decided that they're going to do this new thing.
It's called a feature me Minecraft.
And what's the first theme that they pick?
It's Mega Man.
Who has Mega Man builds out the wazoo because he's been working on for six months?
This guy.
So it's going to there's a very good possibility
that I'll probably be featured on Minecraft's website here.
Oh, my God.
Finally, I'm so happy to see what have we been telling you
for the longest time.
You stick with it and there's going to be something
that finally comes through and helps you get that push in.
I know we'll see what that does.
I know we don't want to set the expectations too high,
but I mean, the fact that developers saw it, Loki, that's huge. That's huge.
Yeah. So like, yeah, it's pretty awesome.
So, yeah, I've been just plugging away at that stuff.
And I think I've got a good start, obviously,
because I've got some pretty big builds already that I've,
you know, captured in everything and, you know, tagged in that.
And there's not really I haven't really seen any other submissions
on Twitter yet.
And it ends in like 10 days.
So, I mean, oh, man, I'm so happy for you preemptively.
Maybe I need to calm down what.
But since that did come out during the week we were out, I'm kind of curious,
like, what are your thoughts in general on the Mega Man crossover?
Because it looks kind of cool.
Yeah, I'm like, I'm not a huge Minecraft guy like you are.
And I was like, oh, I should fire up Minecraft and check that out.
Yeah, it's they've been doing a lot of these
like different things where they'll have maps that they make
they're like DLCs, but it's basically maps that they make
that have different like gameplay like.
So they did one not that long ago of like Sonic.
And it actually plays a bit like Sonic, like you're running
really fast and stuff like that.
The Mega Man X one, I think, is similar to Mega Man X as well.
I think you can actually like shoot
your Buster and like even like a fight.
Some of the enemies of I haven't actually played the X.
I don't play a lot of bedrock, but I may have to check it out.
It looks pretty cool.
And the aesthetic was definitely, you know, Mega Man.
So I don't know.
I don't know how many of like the stages they recreated in there as well.
And that'd be kind of interesting because it's kind of 2D.
I'm not sure if they like fix the camera angles.
So it's like side scrolling
because in the trailer kind of look like is a little mix of both.
So maybe.
But I know all the updates that they've been doing for like 120 and stuff.
They're supposed to be coming out, I imagine pretty soon.
Having kind of based on like
adding more robust
customization for these map packs, because I mean,
that's really where their bread and butter is with that.
I mean, because they're not making money off the Java version of Minecraft.
You buy it once, like 10 years ago, and then that's it.
It's all the map and, you know, DLC and custom.
All sorts of things on their marketplace, on the bedrock side of things,
that's basically, you know, all the mobile platforms,
all the console platforms and, you know, PC as well.
But I mean, I get it. I get it.
So yeah, it'll be interesting to see what happens with that.
The very least, I got a few people looking at stuff.
I mean, like, I just think it's like you're like, you know, 2023,
like who actually goes out to the Minecraft website?
Like, I don't know.
So we'll see if they feature in like surprise different videos and stuff.
I mean, it'd be cool.
At least they'll be on there now.
So it also puts you in their orbit.
And that's true.
Yeah, that's that's the other important thing, too.
It gets you noticed by the people that can help elevate you.
It's it's I again, I'm trying not to put the cart before the horse.
Let's see what happens.
But I will I'm going to check your Twitter.
I'm not as good at checking Twitter
as I used to be for reasons I've talked about prior on this show.
I'm a little more on the Mastodon bandwagon at this point, but I'm
I will make it a point to check your Twitter regularly
to see what happens of this, because I'm dying to know.
Yeah, I mean, it's got was it the post that I responded
to their build challenge tweet.
It's got about 4100 views on it and like 85 likes.
Oh, that's that's great.
So, yeah, it's not bad.
OK. All right. All right.
Well, Loki's soon going to be the next big YouTuber and he's going to
going to say, fuck this show.
I'm big timer now.
No, I'm kidding. He wouldn't. I know he wouldn't. All right.
All right. Hey, done, done, done, done.
All right. Moving on, I'll talk quickly.
I'm assuming that's it for your gaming week.
I mean, yeah, that's it.
That's a pretty difficult thing to follow up my gaming week.
I didn't play a lot of games this week.
Y'all know why I was focusing on just having a good time on the boat
and being social.
I met a lot of new people, but we'll get into that on Thursday.
But when I got home, because we've been home since Friday,
it was a Friday to Friday cruise.
So we've been home since Friday.
I have been playing quite a bit of Diablo three.
Yep, I'm back on that.
But because they put out a brand new season last week while I was out of town.
So season twenty eight started and the big new thing was season
twenty eight is that they have this new altar.
So they have like a talent progression thing on the altar,
which is similar to what Diablo four has in store.
So it's a little bit of a tie in to Diablo four's release because this
they haven't said this is the last season.
But my assumption is season 30
will probably be like a good number for them to end on,
which would be like that forever.
So they'll find a mechanic that they can run perpetually at that point.
So they're probably getting closer and closer to that.
But I am having fun with Diablo three.
Some of the builds have changed a lot.
It's kind of added some new things.
It's really fast to level now because the first talent you get doubles
the massacre bonus.
What's called is when you kill a lot of enemies in succession.
And so if you just kind of grind these certain maps, you can level up very fast.
So, yeah, I've just been enjoying Diablo three.
But honestly, that's like the only game I've really played since I got back.
Oh, I did play one round of Dead by Daylight last night, one round
to get my challenge done.
I had to sabo four hooks and get chased as Kate Denson.
But I was up against a Wesker who couldn't chase and never chase
me the entire match.
So I saboed my hooks, though.
Yeah, it was a baby, but that's OK.
When I see babies, you know what I do?
I don't teabag. I just leave the fucking match.
That's what I do when I see babies.
I've noticed, though, like a lot of baby killers these days.
Yeah. And I'm a baby killer, too.
So, well, I mean, but I'm more like my thing is like
like I've seen them do the camping crap.
Oh, so I will stay afterwards.
And if there if there's something I can communicate with,
I will usually let them have it.
This this Wesker tried to camp the final hook after the exits were open,
but actually allowed.
Actually, he did get one of the survivors out because they fucked around
and found out and they they got slammed into the exit gate.
They forgot that Wesker can slam you into the exit gate.
That was and that was not the play.
They fucked around. They found out. So.
Exactly. You know, but you know what I say?
You know the when the gates are open, all bets are off. Yeah. Yeah.
So anyway, that was really it for my gaming week.
You know, another big thing that I missed this week,
No Man's Sky put out a new expedition.
I do plan to check that out.
I'm going to stream that on Tuesday on my personal channel for a little bit.
But yeah, otherwise,
I didn't get it.
That's the first time that I've ever missed a No Man's Sky Twitch drops campaign.
I've been I've collected every reward from every other Twitch campaign.
I missed this one completely because I was on a boat.
So that's that.
So before we get anything to be sorry.
No, it really isn't. It really isn't.
And I'll tell you more on Thursday. I'm on a boat.
Yeah. Yeah. I'll tell you more on Thursday.
Just the celebrities they had this year were great.
So personable, approachable.
Like I'll give you a little tease.
I know you you interviewed Todd Stashwick on a podcast
some time ago and have kept in touch.
He was extremely well received by the crowd.
He did a great job with like he introduced the new episode of Picard,
which we got to watch in a big group.
And it was it was like being at the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
But Star Trek, it was great.
And like, I'm not going to spoil anything that happened in the episode,
but I will just say there is there is Crusher
and there's a doctor who's not as likable.
And when the doctor who's not as likable showed up, somebody in the back went,
bitch, everybody started laughing.
So it's like Pulaski.
No, no, no. It's not Pulaski.
It's because it's Pulaski.
No, no, it's somebody completely different.
So again, I don't want to spoil.
So, oh, no, no, it's I don't think you would know it's different.
So anyway, I'll just leave it at that.
For those that are watching Picard, you'll get it.
For those that aren't, you won't. And that's the point.
But it was really fun to watch that at a crowd.
And I will say the last night of the cruise,
Tawny Newsome, who voices Mariner on Lower Decks,
she is on fire with her improv.
She's so good.
But she was a late add to the cruise because she was the other one
they added when Kate Mulgrew backed out.
So when Kate Mulgrew had to back out, they added Shatner and Tawny Newsome.
Yay. Tawny Newsome.
You can tell that they must have went to her and said,
what event do you want to host on the boat?
You can do anything you want. What do you want to do?
So the last night of the cruise, I went to a Beyonce
Renaissance album dance party hosted by Tawny Newsome.
That sounded amazing.
I will treasure those types of moments forever.
That is it was it was everything like I literally had to sit down and go.
Is this real life?
This is incredible.
So more stories like that on Thursday.
I'll leave you with that tease.
So that's pretty awesome.
Also, I will mention I forgot
I was going to bring this up on the toss call with Bobby Black Wolf,
but we can talk about it more in depth next week.
But I will just also confirm
Bobby and myself will be at Dragon Con 2023.
I mean, no surprise there, right?
You kind of knew that was coming.
Just confirming we are both going to be professional
attending professionals once again, which means we will have a variety of panels
that you can come watch and do all the good stuff with. And
I know this is going to 100 percent happen
because the flights have been booked as of this last week.
Alan is going to his first Dragon Con this year.
So it's not just and it's not just me going, it's Alan going.
And I'm I'm trying to talk Alan into doing a panel.
But he's he he's not there yet mentally, but I'm hoping I can get him there.
I would love for him to just be a panelist on one panel.
I think he would be so good.
So we'll see. I'm going to try.
I'm going to keep trying.
But look forward to that in Atlanta over Labor Day weekend.
So there's that.
So D.J. Rama says, is Alan cosplaying?
That's a great question, actually.
Not yet.
But I think Alan and I are going to need to invest in some Starfleet uniforms
because we already booked for next year's Star Trek Cruise.
So so no show February 20 something 2024.
Just get that out there now.
The same week in February next year, you're you're going to have off again.
Still, I think that you should show DS9 some love because it was the best.
This whole cruise was DS9 love.
I have a photo with the cast of DS9. I'll have to show it to you.
It was great.
And we got to do we got to do a charity breakfast with Chase Masterson,
who played Lita on a lot of episodes.
And she she does a great anti-bullying charity called Be Kind.
And she talks a lot about that. Anyway, I'm getting off track.
Join us Thursday. We'll talk more about that.
But yes, Deep Space Nine was well represented
because they were it was the 30th anniversary.
So they had a lot of the cast there. It was really cool.
That's absolutely my favorite series.
It's it's it's interesting how that series is getting a lot more love now.
They're saying that streaming really helped that series out a lot
and get the credit that it deserved, that it wasn't getting before.
It's very interesting.
Let's see. Jaskren says hell yeah to Alan being there.
I know Jaskren goes to Dragon Con.
Yeah, I'm really excited about that, too, as well.
YYR asking kind of a out of the blue question, but I like this.
So let me ask this question before or answer this question
before we get into the stories tonight.
YYR says, did anyone else catch the DDR tournament
last night on the Ohio DDR Twitch channel?
It was mind blowing.
The new players coming on up to the pinnacle of human skill are just amazing.
And my short answer is no.
But my long answer is I wish I'd known about it and I would have.
But probably because, again, I'd been out for a week.
Of course, I didn't know about it.
But I do think it's fascinating that because these things can be streamed,
you know, I think back.
OK, so I was like, they didn't really stream DDR contest back in the day.
You had to wait for the videos to be published later.
But remember the DDR tournament at Pier 39?
It was called B3.
There was a live stream of that tournament. Who did it?
Us at Orange Launch Radio.
It's our first major on location event.
Run off off with with a mutual friend for lunch.
And I think that was when we gave the microphone to Jahi, if you remember him.
And he just he just ran the show for like two hours.
And I'm sure it was amazing.
I miss that guy, too. So funny.
But anyway, what else is it going to say about that tournament?
Oh, there was no video back then because this is ancient times.
It was like 2004. We didn't have the Internet for video.
So it was like audio only. But it was really, really fun.
And YYR says there were 900 people watching live towards the end.
So this got noticed. That's awesome.
I really want to see some DDR tournaments on Twitch.
I think that's a great thing.
And we know that DDR and dance games in general have been getting more visibility
because of things like Games Done Quick that have done the showcases on Twitch and so forth.
And not just that. There's been, you know, tournaments and lots of things.
And, you know, even us olds in our 40s can that we're back.
We're into DDR back in the day.
We all recognize there's some new get there's some up and coming kids now.
There's some new kids up and coming.
Do not saying we used to do.
And I think it's great. I'm glad the DDR is thriving.
And I realize that, you know, round one's resurgence, getting more arcade machines out there
and so forth have really helped give that game a new tailwind.
And I think it's great. So, yeah.
And Freestyle Takeover always streams that stuff. Yep, yep, yep.
So awesome. Awesome.
Yes. Please do ping the discord if you catch one of those in progress later on.
All right. Let's move on.
Let's get into some of the other news we missed this week.
And we will go to Loki for tonight's story, which isn't directly about video games,
but it kind of is. It's super adjacent.
No, I have a follow up story to this from my trip, but I'm going to let you tell this.
I mean, when you think about it, though, what what
retail store carries the majority of these?
It's a game store. It's GameStop.
And we're talking about Funko Pops. GameStop's number one export nowadays.
And Funko Pops maybe not doing as well as they had hoped.
But apparently there is going to be 30 million
dollars worth of Funko Pops heading to a landfill.
It's like it's 1983 all over again.
And we're burying, you know, E.T. in landfills.
But no, they're going to be,
I guess, dumping those because they're not able to sell them off.
The inventory at the end of year totaled 20 or 246.4 million,
an increase of 48 percent compared to a year ago.
And says the inventory or this includes inventory that the company intends
to eliminate in the first half of 2023 to reduce fulfillment costs
by managing inventory levels to align with the operating
operating capacity of our distribution center,
because it costs money to store things in a warehouse.
So therefore, it's best for them to get rid of those things in a warehouse
or just, you know, don't manufacture them in the first place.
Oh, they actually have canceled a bunch of series like the Dead by Daylight Pops.
They were going to do, which I was super excited about.
They canceled them.
Yeah, because they're probably producing a lot of these.
I can only imagine it would be very hard to estimate
and forecast what they would need for a lot of these.
And, you know, who knows when stuff either gets moved around, canceled.
I mean, I don't know if they're making funko pops based off like,
you know, Batgirl or anything like that, those movies. But like.
I can only imagine that,
you know, there's a finite amount of funko pops that a person can own
or have room for, like. Right.
Well, look at look at what happened with their stock prices
when they announced their forecast for Q4, everything just flushed.
Yeah, yeah, these things have been oversaturated for some time,
like and I don't hate funko pops.
I just recognize that they're they're too much.
And they are this comment in chat.
Dijarama says, let's be real funko over licensed properties for pops.
That shouldn't be. Absolutely.
And it's interesting to me.
I made the little joke comparison in the sidebar here live on Twitch.
They're going to join Atari 2600 properties in the garbage heap
because the same thing happened to Atari back in the day.
And those documentaries about them
digging up copies of ET out of the landfill and stuff are really fascinating.
And it's interesting that funko is meeting a similar fate.
And it's it's it's the great funko crash is what we're seeing play out now.
But how does this affect video games?
This is going to be the final nail in the coffin for GameStop.
This will absolutely be the final nail in the coffin for GameStop, I think.
But it's I mean, it's all they sell nowadays, or at least mostly what they sell.
You go in there and there's equal, if not more space per like you look at each.
You would think that funko was its own like game console
because they have more shelf space than than games.
And I mean, it's understandable because they probably make more margin from that.
And it comes down to just they're in survival mode over there.
And. Yeah, I just I don't see it happening.
They couldn't even do it when they're there.
Their stock is over evaluated for like how much it's worth.
And like. They couldn't even do that with that cast cash influx.
It's just they still it's just not a successful business model anymore, I think.
Let me tell you an interesting. Oh, go ahead, Jamie.
I was just going to say, though, like if they completely crash
and go out of business and wait for like another five years
and people will be like, oh, fun goes and then you'll find them
for like super expensive. Mm hmm.
Let me tell an interesting aside story from the cruise.
I promise it's relevant. It is absolutely relevant.
So as part of the cruise, not only was it a Star Trek cruise,
but cruises go to cities, right?
So we we docked in three different ports,
Cabo San Lucas, Mazatlan and Puerto Vallarta.
I've never been to Puerto Vallarta and I was very excited to go.
And I had a great time.
But one of the things I thought we had more hours in Puerto Vallarta
than anywhere else.
And the boat docked across the street from a mall.
And I was just kind of curious, like, oh, I wonder what the malls in Mexico
are like, I wonder what kind of stuff I can find there
and, you know, things that maybe I can't find back home and so forth.
So we went into the mall in Puerto Vallarta
and I saw a store called Game Planet.
And I my my brain actually kind of thought of this show
because we've had a listener from Mexico for a long time.
This will see the show, Mike Deft, Holla, I know you're listening out there.
And Mike Deft has always really kind of enlightened us a bit to how gaming
purchases kind of work in another country,
where maybe some game companies have not always had an official presence.
And that was always very fascinating to me.
Now, keep in mind, Mexico, big country, just like the U.S., right?
Mike Deft lives in like Oregon.
And the place in Mexico I was at was like Oklahoma.
OK, there were very different parts.
Puerto Vallarta is a very different part of the country.
However, there was a store I went into in the mall called Game Planet.
And when I went into the mall or went to the store,
my first reaction was this is this is just a GameStop.
This is like but it's way more Nintendo stuff.
I noticed because I was like, oh, Nintendo probably has a presence.
But then the other the back half of the wall and I'm going to show this.
I'm sorry to the podcast listeners.
Let me actually switch the shot here so you can see this.
Notice how the back wall where I'm standing,
it's all fun goes just like any GameStop.
I think I took that picture and sent it to our Discord.
And then, of course, like game cards for like PlayStation Network
and some other things.
Otherwise, the signage was all in Spanish and all that.
But it was pretty much like any GameStop I've ever been into otherwise.
But it was interesting because I kind of thought about Mike Deft
when I when I went in there.
So as to how Matt says, I was blown away
that Sears is alive and thriving while in Mexico.
I didn't go to a Sears, but I did go to a different store.
And I already forget the name of it.
But it was it was neat because it was like it was like a Sears,
but had like a travel department in it and a flower store
because flowers are huge in the culture in Mexico.
The we actually went on a tour in Mazatlan and they were saying that the flower
shop was open 24 hours because for every occasion there's
and the flowers are beautiful, too.
Like it's not just, you know, any old flowers.
They were really very beautiful arrangements.
Liverpool says Mike Deft.
Thank you. That's it. That's it.
So anyway, quick aside from the cruise.
But my point being funko pops taking over the store.
Not a unique problem to the US.
Very much the case in Mexico as well, from what I observed,
and I'm sure Canada probably over overseas as well.
I don't know if there's like, you know, big import fees overseas and stuff,
but probably a very similar story as well. So.
But I think the bubble is finally burst on these funko pops.
And honestly, I hate to say it, maybe it's for the best.
Maybe it does cause funko to scale back a bit.
And now we it's not like I don't own any funko pop dolls. I do.
I'm looking right at some Mass Effect Andromeda dolls that I have.
And I have some for Drag Race, you know, some other things as well that we enjoy.
I think maybe they'll have to scale back a little bit and maybe more intentionally
pick some of the partnerships and some of the like, you know,
I didn't like how it's all exclusive at this store and that store
and like all of this stuff. So.
Anyway, that's that's the only way we can get them to carry those things.
And also, I mean, I think a lot of it is people, some some people buy these
because we're just the world we live in nowadays thinking that there's
a speculative market for it as well and that they're going to be worth something.
And I don't know that they are.
I don't think most of them are worth anything.
It's just do you want to keep it or do you want to like not keep?
I don't know. They don't do anything either.
So it's like, I don't know.
The same thing could be said about collecting action figures
or collecting, you know, statues, anime statues.
It's all, you know, I I get sick of people who are like,
oh, you do funko's meh.
I'm like, I don't care. You don't live my life.
Yeah. People can like what they like.
Yeah. But, you know, it's like for all the people who are like going,
hey, look at that, look at that.
I mean, there's people who are going to be really disappointed.
I wanted those those. Yeah.
Dead by daylight ones.
And now I don't get them.
You know, I'm really disappointed over it.
I just I'm just like.
People need to let people like their stuff, but we also need to make sure
that we're holding, you know, companies accountable for their poor
financial decisions. Right.
You know, they tried to do everything.
They tried to put out something for every fandom. Yeah.
And do you know how many fandoms and just different shit people are into?
It's a lot. You cannot. You cannot. Absolutely.
They way overstepped.
Let's see. Yeah. Tiger College
has a couple of years from now, someone will do a documentary
on digging those funko pops at the landfill and then somebody else
just like the cartridges.
They will sell them and you can buy them this.
I was once in a landfill.
You're literally going to be able to put trash on your wall
and people will do it.
And it's just the interesting way our society works.
S2100 Matt asking another question about my trip to Mexico, saying,
did you see the roaming random cars driving around like in Forza Horizon five?
No, but I did notice the absolute lack of traffic laws period.
Or like very, very few traffic lights.
I will say when we were in Mazatln, our tour guide, she knew
she would jump out into the street and hold her arms up to stop the traffic.
So all of us, you know,
stupid Americans and Canadians could walk by and cross the street
because, you know, people don't stop unless you,
you know, make it very clear to do those sorts of things.
This is this wasn't like some obscure part of town.
This is like downtown Mazatln, the old town district.
So I was that I definitely noticed that
the absolute lack of any traffic laws whatsoever.
But you know what?
I got from point A to point B.
We got from our boat down to Zona Romantica, which was like a three
three mile journey.
It was too long to walk, but not a very long bus.
I actually took thanks to JD, who is huge on public transit, our buddy JD.
I I rode a Mexican bus.
I paid 10 pesos to ride the Mexican, but actually JD paid for me
10 pesos to ride the Mexican bus from the port down to Zona Romantica.
And it was great.
But anyway, I'll talk more about that on Thursday.
All right. Let's get into this next story.
Oh, you know, when you saw this in the news, you knew I was going to bring this up.
You knew I was going to bring up this story.
Am I here to gloat tonight?
A little. Maybe. OK.
Yes, but yes, but
I actually don't think there's a lot here to gloat about.
So what am I talking about?
Anybody that listened to our predictions episode in early January probably heard.
And I wish I had time to go find the clip and dig it up.
But you know what?
The podcast is out there. You can go listen to it for yourself.
It's on the record.
One of the predictions I made, I think it was my number three prediction.
I said the current CEO of Square Enix,
Yosuke Matsuda was Square Enix was going to get sacked.
And I said he was going to do it because the fact that he tied himself to NFTs,
the fact that he failed to redirect the PR conversation
around the Final Fantasy 16 diversity issue and people raise it,
you know, they're very, you know, what was a poor response to all of that
and not, you know, doing better on clarifying
and showing how they're going to do better in that whole situation.
And then, of course, you know, add into that things like the fact that Babylon's fall
absolutely flopped.
There is no nice way to put it.
I don't think four spoken is unfortunately selling to expectations,
especially when this same guy has gone on the record
saying things like Tomb Raider did not sell the expectations.
Well, if Tomb Raider didn't sell the expectations,
I'm positive for spoken and sell the expectations either.
So what happened? Where does this all end up? Yep.
You know, Suki Matsuda was officially sacked by Square Enix this week.
The company has announced this shake up on Friday,
saying it is needed to chase more technological innovation.
Now, here's where I'm willing to admit this is not the part of the news
I saw coming, because unfortunately, although, yes, I thank you,
Jaskren, who says I saw the news and I thought that Rob might be a prophet.
OK, so maybe I did call this, but the reasoning here,
not what I thought I would see, and that's not a good thing.
So the replacement for Matsuda is a gentleman named Takashi Kiryu,
who is a new CEO. He's only been at Square for a few years.
But prior to that, he worked for the Dentsu Innovation Initiative.
This is a business group that explores opportunities in things like the metaverse.
Here's the official on the record reason that Square Enix gave
for why this transition is happening.
Keep in mind, Matsuda was there for 10 years.
That is that is a long tenureship.
Under the rapid change of business environments surrounding
the entertainment industry,
the proposed change is intended to reshape the management team
with the goal of adopting ever evolving technological innovations
and maximizing on the creativity of the company's group
in order to deliver even greater entertainment to customers around the world.
Ever evolving technological innovations.
That worries me because they're not talking about PS6.
They're not talking about VR.
They're talking about NFTs and what I think the new buzzword in everybody's ear.
This is where I really think it's going, AI.
How that gets worked into video games,
I'm not sure what that looks like yet.
AI is already in video games, though.
Oh, very good point.
Yes, AI. You're right.
AI, the concept of AI has been in video games since video games existed, really.
Machine learning in and of itself is common now.
Yeah.
Especially in a lot of technology.
So I...
Totally fair.
I chose my words poorly because what I mean to say is AI in regards
to some of this newer trend about automated art, automated writing,
and could there be a game that ends up being a forever game
that is able to be forever because AI generates a chunk of it?
I have a feeling this is what Square Enix wants to get on.
They want to make an open world game
that is in part generated by AI, for better or for worse.
Sounds interesting.
It could be interesting.
I don't know. I have to see it.
I can see potential in that kind of idea.
Like, imagine that you start off with like a base world
and as the people, quote, exist in it and play through it like like an MMO,
the landscape changes, like say that you buy
a plot of land and you do construction on it.
That plot of lands, you know, the the ground moves to other places.
You know, it damages a river.
So, you know, that having something like that would actually be really awesome.
I worry that's not where Square is going with it.
We'll see. Time will tell.
And I'm willing to give this guy a chance.
And I'm not going to judge this guy completely on his background,
because what he did in the past is not what he's going to do now.
So I'm willing to give this guy a fresh slate and see where does he take this now?
I'm not encouraged by what I'm hearing, but let's see.
Because you're right, DarkSocker.
You don't run Square Enix. Neither do I.
Here's where I see the problem.
OK, the problem, and I think this is why Matsuda ultimately paid the price.
The problem was these very high profile,
big bunch budget launches that are flopping.
And there's no nice way to say it.
That's that's not a testament to the quality of the game.
Well, I think it is in Babylon's fall case, but I haven't played Forspoken.
I'm not I'm not able to speak to why that game flopped, but I have a hunch
it's because the demo they put out wasn't great.
And when you're asking people to invest 70 dollars in a game,
you need to have a rock solid demo or no demo at all, quite frankly.
I thought that game looked awesome and everything that I had seen,
I just didn't buy it because I have no way to play it right now. Right.
And I want to I want to also show something else, because I believe
where Square Enix needs to be going is some of these more middle of the road.
I do think Square Enix needs to do some investment in the middle of the road
and some lower budget titles that can actually bring forth
a little more than maybe a big budget AI or NFT project.
Here's some of the proof I want to kind of to make my case, you know,
and maybe you're going to read into this differently than I do.
But here's me attempting to show some receipts. OK.
Now, I'm not able to find the U.S.
sales numbers yet for how some games are performing.
However, Forspoken in Japan was last in the top 30
the week of I believe this was February 6th through February 12th.
And you can see when it was last in the top 30,
it moved 1932 units for a total of 35,000 units.
Now, granted, this is retail units.
This doesn't count what's digital.
So I'm not saying this game only moved 35,000 copies.
But, you know, just to kind of set the benchmark there, this high dollar
big budget game looks like it's going to cap out maybe at 40,000 copies in Japan,
unless maybe there's some bang up DLC that happens later or something like that
that, you know, causes this game to sell more. In contrast,
the Square Enix game that I am unable to shut up about, Theatrhythm, shows up.
Now, we don't have complete sales data for Theatrhythm,
but it shows up on the next week's sales list. Right.
And so we have two entries for Theatrhythm because it's on two platforms.
The Switch copy has moved 11,000 units in, excuse me,
11.5 thousand units in its first week.
And the PlayStation 4 versions down here at number 16,
which moved 3.6 thousand units in its first week.
You add that together, that's about 15,000
in the first week that this game has moved.
Now, granted, that's not that's not even half of 40,000,
but we're not quite sure yet what the subsequent weeks are going to look like.
And even if this game only capped out at maybe 30,000 units,
and I would also argue Theatrhythm is certainly going to sell even more
digitally because of things like the Digital Deluxe Edition
and some of those things that they've been offering digitally.
I would bet dimes to dollars, even if I don't have the receipts to prove it.
Theatrhythm is going to sell more digitally
than it's going to in a physical copy than a game like Forespoken.
My point being, even if Theatrhythm and Forespoken sell the same amount,
which my receipts only maybe show that that's the way things are going to go right now.
One of those games took a hell of a lot more money to make than the other.
Now, I know some of you are going to poke holes in my theory left and right.
Rob, you're only considering Japan.
Rob, it's only physical.
And, you know, there's these I understand I'm willing to accept
that this is not a perfect science what I'm showing you.
What I'm trying to point out is that a game like Theatrhythm
that cost a fraction to make of something like Forespoken,
this is where Square Enix needs to head a lot more of.
They need to maybe play it safe for a little bit
and maybe give us that Chrono Trigger remaster
that Jason was referencing in the intro tonight
and some of these other things that can move a fair amount of units
to then build up the coffers to try again on one of these AAA titles
that maybe, you know, a big name can get behind or something like that.
You know, if Final Fantasy 16 does very well, it's too early to say.
And I'm not going to venture a guess on how well Final Fantasy 16 is going to sell.
But if Final Fantasy 16 does well, let's say it does better than 15 or 13,
which it might, it might.
Despite however you feel about the controversies on this whole thing,
I think you could recognize there's a real possibility
16 could sell better than 15 or 13 did, or 12, quite honestly.
Hell, we'd have to go all the way back to 10.
I think 16 is going to sell better than any game since 10. I do.
If that, well, minus the MMOs, don't include 14, because that's not fair.
Because the monthly fee, that's filling Square's bank account right now
is 14, to some extent 11.
So we're not going to count those.
But as far as 16 goes, if 16 does well,
I would bet Naoki Yoshida, Yoshi-P, gets licensed to make whatever game he wants.
And honestly, he should.
Hopefully he will listen to some of the feedback on the types of characters he should be putting in those games.
But I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna go too far down.
I mean, 14 has done a pretty good job.
So there's, you know, and I got into this when we talked about the controversy to begin with
is that I think there's a lot more play than just Yoshida.
I think it's the voices that have educated Yoshida in the past need to be corrected.
But I'm gonna, I'm gonna digress.
I think Yoshida is going to get creative license to do whatever he wants next.
And that will be the new AAA offering that comes out of Square Enix.
So we'll, we'll see.
Jaskren in chat says, this is a really good analysis.
There is more money to be made with smaller budget games if those games are hits.
It is very similar to the movie industry.
The movie industry wants movies like The Blair Witch Project.
There's something about Mary.
Hell, everything everywhere all at once would fall into this category.
What do all of these movies have in common?
Small or paranormal activity.
Another great example.
Small, very small, in some case, budget movies that make a lot of money.
They want those type of movies.
Snakes on the plane.
Yep, snakes on the plane, great example.
Honestly, Megan and Cocaine Bear, you want to go, at least I'm assuming Cocaine Bear made money.
Sure sounded like it was going to.
The studios want those movies, as opposed to Oh, God, what was that absolute Disney flop that came out, like, last year?
It was a couple of years ago, maybe it was before the pandemic even.
And it just flopped so hard in theaters that like, yeah, it was it was, it was really ugly.
The movie industry wants those things.
John Carter was that maybe?
No, I feel like it was a superhero movie of some sort.
Maybe based on mythology.
I don't remember.
I'm sorry, y'all.
Oh, you're thinking of Percy Jackson?
No, but that is a good example.
No, no, I know what you're thinking of.
You're thinking of Oh, God, it costs him a lot of money.
My kids have the books.
Yes, it was books.
Oh, no, it's not John Carter.
It's not John Carter.
It's more recent that John Carter's like years ago.
I was like, I was back when I was in the No, not Buzz Lightyear.
I'll look it up.
Hold on.
I don't remember.
It's called now.
It's John Carter.
They're they're all saying it was John Carter of Mars.
So maybe maybe it wasn't.
That was a flop, too.
But there was another word because I don't even know what it is.
But I thought I thought it was like a mythological story or something.
No, it's it's not John Carter.
I know for a fact it's not it's my kids have the books.
It's not.
It came out like during the pandemic.
I just don't remember it was called it was Artemis Fowl.
That's what it was.
Oh, that Artemis Fowl was awful.
It was foul.
Yeah.
Anyway, I all these.
OK, I mean, yes, we're all guessing get in Rob's brain.
What's the movie he's thinking of?
Everything you guys are shouting in chat is actually making my point.
So thank you for the new mutants.
I don't think that was that good either.
And that was like the X-Men.
And I don't know how well Mulan did the live action one,
but I don't think as good as Lion King.
But I think Square Enix would be very smart to stick to the Octopath Travelers,
the Bravely defaults, the hell, the Dungeon Explorer.
Even if I think that game has some big flaws with it, that game doesn't
doesn't get a CEO fired when it doesn't do well, as opposed to a Babylon's fall.
I think Square Enix needs to take some safer risks so they can find out what
their audience really wants so they can make the big one.
I worry when they talk like this, tomorrow's technologies, whether it's NFT,
whether it's AI or whatever, they're going to try to tell us the next big thing
and not listen to what the audience is telling you with their wallets.
And guess what?
I would bet, I would bet money.
They did not expect Theatrhythm to even move
what the number of units that I just talked about.
Nostalgia is a wild thing.
And I get I'm not saying I want Square Enix to only
do the nostalgia jerk for years and years.
I do want Square Enix to be able to create things like Fourspoken
and create new types of things.
They just need to be able to do it
on a smaller budget
for a little while.
And honestly, offloading some of the companies
that they did may actually help them to that.
Prince Caspian, that was no that because that was a Narnia movie.
No, no, no. Anyway, forget it.
That was like super old too.
I'm I'm done trying to figure it out.
Maybe I'll Google it while Loki does the next story.
It was Artemis Fowl.
I can tell you right now because it was awful.
And I don't even remember if that came out in theaters.
But like, yeah, they've had a lot of flops with as far as big budget.
Yeah. John Carpenter and Mars.
They were expecting it to be like a big new trilogy like Star Wars size.
And it probably was. I don't know.
Anyway, that was like years ago.
I'm officially done thinking about it. All right.
What was it going to say?
Oh, Fifth Dream has a great comment here.
And those games have engines to build, so they'll be cheaper to produce.
Also, that one card game where they put out like for a year,
just insert a new story and swap assets, new 40 dollar game.
Are you talking about like Kingdom Hearts, Chains of Memories
and those types of car games?
But when you talk about the engine, you're absolutely right.
Look at Octopath, Octopath 2, Live Alive, you know, and where
I honestly think the Chrono Trigger remake ought to go is in that engine.
And if you want to talk about remakes,
you know, Secret of Mana was in a similar engine,
although that wouldn't do us well.
But, you know, we have Final Fantasy six remake in that engine.
Well, now we have the pixel remasters and so forth.
So I want it this way.
Yeah. So anyway, my my point is Square Enix should really listen
to what the fans want and need a CEO that comes in there to really listen to this
and maybe lay off some of the experimentation for a little bit
while they find their footing again to help them find their next game.
That's what I would do if I was CEO.
But I'm not. But also I call this.
All right. All right.
My ego is swelling. All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
On that note, Dark Soccer.
Well, if you ruled the world, we'd be getting this a lot sooner.
Right? Mm hmm.
We would have already been done had it.
So there is a Dead by Daylight movie coming out.
I'm I'm both afraid and excited.
So it's coming out from Blumhouse and Atomic Monster
and of course, Behavior, because Behavior owns Dead by Daylight.
But they are doing a feature film adaptation of Dead by Daylight.
And they're they sound pretty excited about it.
There is the for the Atomic Monster founder and CEO, James Wan said,
I'm going to read the quote.
In Dead by Daylight, the Behavior team has created a love letter
to the world of horror, building an incredible environment,
teeming with atmosphere and terrifying villains,
perfect for a scary cinematic adaptation.
We're big fans of the game at Atomic Monster,
and we're thrilled to be teaming up with Blumhouse
to bring this frightening, visceral world to the big screen.
So they're looking for a director and screenwriter.
They want to bring on somebody that appreciates
and loves the game like the fans do.
You know, lots of, I guess, watching of the lore.
And also just FYI, one directed The Conjuring and Insidious
and Blum produced Get Out and The Purge.
So, I mean, there's some really good like credentials behind it.
They did Megan too.
So Blumhouse is a huge name in the horror world right now.
So this is this is a good place for this to be at the end of the day.
I mean, and I have a feeling that they may not be able to get
like the licensed killers, you know, not without lots of money.
But I have seen see it like with some of like.
The original four survivors have to be there.
Yeah.
And I'm thinking that maybe like, you know, the original three
and Nurse and you know, like Hag, you know, like the the in game ones.
I mean, those would be a definite.
I mean, I would love.
The Hag would be scary because she's a cannibal.
But you know, they're going to set up sequels in their minds,
so they're they're going to they're going to with everything
I think you're right on that.
It'll be the originals, maybe Phong Minh and the Doctor,
just because of her popularity in particular.
And I think you're right that maybe the nurse.
But it would be those early DLC characters only.
And like they're going to save later releases for sequels.
Absolutely.
Like you're not going to see more popular later killers like bleep
or anything like that.
They won't be in the movie.
Well, and by then, though, I mean, it could very well be possible
it could very well be possible that they'd have, you know,
enough interest and revenue from it to invest in the licensed characters.
There's a possibility.
I'm just throwing it out there, although honestly,
I would love to see the Dredge.
I think I also don't know if we should write off
the licensed killers completely.
I think, you know, if they could get the rights,
I think especially a cameo at the end.
Imagine right before the credits or at the end of the movie
I don't know why, but I feel like the most likely one to show up,
because what else is he doing these days besides getting his own video game, Bubba?
I think if Leatherface showed up at the end of the movie,
I only say this because I feel like he's got the best chance
versus like a Freddy or, you know, some of the other license.
Freddy would have a better chance.
You really do.
Nothing is happening with the Nightmare on Elm Street license.
You know, the other reason?
Well, here's the other reason why I say Bubba,
because they could put, and it's to be fair, Michael Myers,
they could do this, too.
They could put anybody under the mask.
With Freddy, all everybody's going to say is,
why isn't it Robert Englund?
That's going to be the problem.
A mask killer, they could put anyone under the mask.
I just don't see them going that way at all.
I see them keeping Hillbilly and not putting in Bubba.
You know, I see, I mean, and who knows,
there might even just be an original killer
that like you do something with your ticket
and you get them in the game.
I bet they're going to do DLC.
Oh, it debuts in the movie and then is dealing.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Anyway, yeah.
Tigerfly says, doesn't Dead by Daylight
mostly have original characters?
The license stuff can't be a part of the movie.
Yes, but that's not, I mean, it's money in her grievance.
That's a pretty good split still.
Never say never.
Yeah, it's a good split.
But at any rate, you know, I mean, we're talking about,
you know, not just like you said, Megan,
they did, you know, Malignant, Paranormal Activity,
Blackphone, you know.
There's a lot.
It's really a lot.
And also, Blumhouse announced the launch of Blumhouse Games
that will do indie budget video games.
They'll produce and publish for under 10 mil.
So I wonder if we might start seeing collaborations as well
or like, you know, other DVD spinoffs like Hooked on You,
but on like the indie field.
Hmm.
So I mean, there's like lots of,
lots of, you know, potential for this.
I really think that they've got the right people on this.
And I mean, it's still early days, you know,
they don't have a director or a screenwriter.
So I mean, I would reckon we would see this
maybe in two to three years.
And who knows where DVD will be by then,
although knowing behavior, it will still, you know,
be a little bit broken, but very interesting.
And people will still be complaining about MMR.
That's also a very good point.
I mean, I don't want to speak this harshly,
but this is the only sentence that comes to mind is,
will DVD still be as relevant in the gaming world
by the time this movie hits or has the time to strike
when the iron is hot, so to speak, already passed?
People asked that question three years ago
when I started playing.
Okay, fair answer.
But actually, SSJ 100 Matt brings up a good point.
Michael Myers makes the most sense, really.
Blumhouse and Danny McBride have been doing
those recent Halloween movies.
Oh, I did.
Oh, that's right.
It is Blumhouse that did the reboot trilogy.
Okay.
No, you're right.
I changed my answer.
Yeah, and they're doing,
he also says they're doing a new Exorcist movie.
I doubt very seriously that we'll have, you know,
a pea soup vomiting.
We already have.
Oh my God.
It just occurred to me, Rob.
If the plague might've been an attempt
to license the Exorcist and it didn't work.
Maybe, I don't know.
I don't know.
Although they're saying though that the new killer,
the Skull Merchant is a failed attempt to get Predator.
Yeah, I've heard that too.
Yep.
Yeah.
Interesting.
But you know, you know, though the fandom,
the loyal fans stay loyal, right?
Yep.
And even people who walk away from the game,
they, a lot of people come back.
I hope if they do-
There'll be something that comes out
that'll bring them back.
It's interesting because with this movie,
I hope that it's very similar advice
to what I just said to Square Enix.
I hope they don't spend too much money on it.
I hope they get, you know, some good up and coming,
but horror movies usually are not expensive.
They are usually on the cheap to me.
I want to know what Tiger Claw is talking about DVDs.
Cause we said DBD, Dead by Daylight.
All right.
Anyway.
I don't know if that's serious or a joke.
All right.
Let's move on.
Let's get to our next story,
which is not as funny, unfortunately.
Loki.
No, unfortunately not.
So EA has laid off 200 Apex Legends testers
and they did it over a remote meeting call.
So an unscheduled mandatory Zoom meeting.
And so they had, actually with their
contracting agency, Magnet Global,
and basically that they were let go as part of that.
The test, these, you know, basically EAs come out
and they haven't made a comment yet regarding the layouts,
but testing games is an integral part of delivering
the best experiences to our players.
They said that in PR speak.
But yeah, it's basically that they are testing team
and ending testing execution.
That's been concentrated in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
It says impacted services provided
by our third party providers.
Our global team, inclusive of remote play testers
across the United States,
enable us to increase hours per week and blah, blah, blah.
So maybe they're just, you know, reducing staff
for different testing.
I don't know, but I don't know.
It's always bad news, especially when you do it,
like over like a remote meeting like that.
I guess I understand if they're all remote,
let me have them in the office to do it in person,
but something a little bit more personable probably
instead of just, okay, you're all let go.
Like at least an email or something, a letter.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Like the one time I was laid off,
they had everybody together and made the announcement,
although I wasn't there for it
because I was on medical leave.
But I think that doing it by Zoom would be the equivalent
of calling an in-house company meeting.
I don't see any problem with it.
For remote where it still sucks that it's 200 people,
being let go.
But I mean that method because quite like,
and this is actually what happened with mine,
is that when they sold the company
and we were all outsourced, they gathered everyone,
said it in person and letters came out like the following week.
And maybe that's where it feels a little oof
is because it was Zoom calls with 200 people
and even if it's 200 people in person,
maybe it doesn't feel as personable.
Whereas maybe even if they've done something as simple as
do it in a Zoom call with 10 people at a time.
Yes, it's a lot more work to do it that way,
but it might feel a lot more personable
and you're able to be,
I mean, ideally you do it one at a time,
but I understand there has to be a compromise here.
Where maybe do it team by team or something
where you can answer some of the questions,
concerns a little more directly
and at least have that human side of it,
which is impossible to get in a group of 200
where people aren't really going to be able to ask questions,
but in chat.
So maybe that's where it feels a little bleh.
One actually good thing with a chat format like that
is that it also helps you field questions.
Because a bunch of people are going to be asking
the same question,
so you can actually field questions
and lump in the similar questions together.
Mm-hmm.
You know, and you could also just,
it helps with efficiency and delivering the information
because you can't really do that when,
you know, you have a big meeting,
because I mean, in my experience,
like meetings like that,
like big business meetings,
don't really open the floor to questions.
They just say, get in touch with HR.
Yeah.
So I could see this as actually being a good opportunity
to field questions about it as well.
Yeah.
I don't think it's as negative
as people are making it out to be.
Yeah.
Well, on the flip side-
Other than losing a job.
We have Activision,
who is now coming under fire
by the Communications Workers of America,
who filed charges against the publisher
in regards to firing two QA testers
over apparently the use of strong language.
So two QA testers have expressed their outrage
using strong language in response to management
set up disciplinary meetings
where both workers were fired.
And apparently the CWA is saying
that the use of outbursts and strong language
in the context of concerted activity by employees
was protected by the National Labor Relations Board
even up until 2020 where it was tested.
And then they said that Activision says,
we don't allow employees to use profane
or abusive language against each other.
Really?
Really, you don't?
Right.
We should listen to Michael first.
We're disappointed that the CWA advocates
this type of behavior.
It sounds like an excuse.
Were they trying to unionize?
I mean, I could see something like that.
So yeah, more fire, it's more of the same, it seems like.
More of Activision finding creative ways to fire people,
especially those protesting their practices.
Well, now that's a good question.
Well, now that's just shady,
but unfortunately completely unsurprising
coming from Activision, to be quite honest.
So hopefully the acquisition of their company
can't happen soon enough.
Clean house, you know?
Yeah.
At the top.
At the top is where the layoffs need to happen.
All right, moving on.
Let's talk about Final Fantasy XVI.
I brought it up later in the show,
but it was actually in the news,
or excuse me, earlier in the show I brought it up.
But it's been in the news quite a bit this week
because some press previews happened this week
where I think folks got to play a several hour demo of it,
probably in a controlled environment,
and kind of got to experience a lot of the battle,
kind of got to play with that.
Because I've been out,
I have not caught up on the videos of it.
I've just kind of watched a little bit.
So I used to watch Skill Up.
Maybe I should look some up and get some live thoughts here.
So they flew them out to Japan
to play a few different sections of the game.
So one of it was a bit early on in the game
that kind of focused on,
because I guess it jumps between you as like a teenager
and you as kind of like grown up as well.
And so it started off like as a teenager
where it's more of like a combat tutorial type thing,
kind of getting used to that.
And then they threw into another section of the game
where it was just basic combat.
And then one of the, I forget what they call it now,
the, not idols, but it's basically where the giant
like a kaiju battle type thing,
where they're both the summons or whatever,
and they were doing a battle like that.
So they had those three sections of the game to play
to kind of get a taste of it.
Okay, so I actually, while you've been talking,
I pulled up,
because I actually have not watched any of this at all.
So I actually just pulled up.
I went to YouTube.
Of course, some of the extended gameplay stuff
has hit YouTube.
Interesting, because you know what it kind of evokes to me
at first is that recent Strangers of Paradise spinoff
a little bit.
It's kind of what I'm feeling a little bit from this,
but we'll see.
I mean, here's the thing.
Well, you know who's designing the game designer?
Oh yeah, the guy from Devil May Cry and all that.
Yeah, exactly.
So it plays very similar to that.
Yeah, so I'm curious about it.
And the reality is Final Fantasy has been a little rooted
more in action between 15 and the seven remake.
You know, it's just kind of the direction it's been going.
But I'm still, you know, there's certainly elements
of the classic Final Fantasies, the games I see in here.
So we'll see.
I mean, I'm not sure I'm really going to know
until I get my hands on it for myself
and make my own perceptions.
But there's definitely like graphically, very yes.
Like very yes, graphically.
Like I get like kind of like an Elden Ring, you know,
meets Final Fantasy type of vibe from it.
And I think it's going to look really good when it comes out.
We'll see.
But anyway, not only did the press preview happen,
but there were some talk about how long does the story take?
How long of a game does this take to get through?
And it's going to take about 35 hours to complete.
Apparently this will actually double
when you do side content.
There will be 11 hours worth of cut scenes.
Well, after all, it is a Final Fantasy game.
So I can't say I'm that surprised.
The main story will take 35 hours to beat.
But Yoshida added to that.
If you do 100% completion, so you do all the cut scenes,
you're looking at 70 to 80 hours.
The main story was originally going to be 20 hours.
Don't make any plans.
Yeah, don't make plans.
But this number increased during development,
which isn't surprising either.
So yeah, this number does not include cut scene
and side quests and all of that.
So there will be lots and lots.
Yoshida did say, and this is not a great
quote here, but he has said that the team has been working
to death in order to get the game finished by summer 2023.
I might have chose my words differently,
but it is what it is.
So yeah, it is set to launch in June, later in June.
So I'm trying to look at this without the ad blocking
things there, but that is, oh, that's the whole,
yeah, they have the summon versus summon fight.
So it looks like in this particular fight,
you're actually controlling either Garuda
or maybe Ifrit, I can't tell in this fight,
but you're actually doing like a summon versus summon.
It does look pretty cool.
So it's got a lot of flourish to it.
I mean, there's no, I was going to buy this game
the minute they announced that Creative Business Unit 3
was working on it.
So we'll see.
And I know I'll be streaming a lot of it as well.
Let's see, is there some comments in chat about the length?
DJ Rama S says, 35 hours, that's kind of light.
Mike Def says, I don't need 100 plus hour experiences.
Please keep it short and sweet.
I actually think 35 hours is kind of on the longer end
of where video games are at these days.
Maybe not like something a little more retro inspired
that has a lot of quests and stuff to, but keep in mind,
they all are also saying, if you do all the side quests,
which many people I know that play Final Fantasy do,
it's going to be a lot longer.
And so I'm not concerned about the time as much.
I mean, but I reserve to change my mind
once I have actually played the games.
Questbuster says, so the previews I've watched,
my impressions is that it's Final Fantasy
with the Devil May Cry feel to it.
You can swap between icon powers during battle.
Questbuster also says, I love me those side quests.
I went overboard with as many of those
in Final Fantasy 15 as possible
and maxed Noctis's party out.
Well, apparently like side quests, DLC and all that,
that's really the way to get the full Final Fantasy 15 experience.
I just hope this game, you know,
especially with the comment about this,
basically openly admitting they're crunching.
I hope with comments like that,
this game is a fully finished, fully realized product.
That's going to be the part that's disappointing to me.
As long as it's 35 solid fucking hours, then great.
But if it's 35 hours where it really feels like
another 15 are missing, which is what Final Fantasy 15 felt like,
I'm going to have some issues.
And I am willing to hold this game,
you know, accountable in the critical sense
because just because I have a fondness
of Creative Business Unit 3's previous game,
I'm probably going to be harsher than most people
on this game when it comes out, but we'll see.
I'll be playing it live for sure.
Absolutely.
Whenever it comes out.
All right.
In the meantime, let's go to Dark Sakura
and I'm going to step away from keyboard real quick.
Sorry.
You see how it is.
I talk and you leave.
I just need hydration.
Forgive me.
It's okay.
Anyway, though, for fans of games that make you hate life
and question your choices, Elden Ring is having an expansion
called Shadow of Erdtree.
It is currently in development,
according to Bandai Namco and From Software.
Um, the teaser says thus,
Rise Tarnished and let us walk a new path together.
An upcoming expansion for Elden Ring,
Shadow of the Erdtree is currently in development.
We hope you look forward to new adventures
in the Lands Between.
So yeah, there you go.
Um, there's not really a whole lot of information
out about it.
I mean, I don't play Elden Ring,
although I was tempted and then I realized
I don't hate myself.
So, but I mean, if, if people are looking forward to it,
then I'm happy for y'all.
Yeah.
Did you play Elden Ring?
Nope, there's no way I'm gonna play Elden Ring.
Yeah, I have friends that like are super into it
and, you know, die and die and die and die.
And me, I just be like, no and no and no and no.
You know, not, not me, no.
It's like, I don't, I mean,
but people like those Souls games, you know?
Um, oh, Mike Duff says it's, it's been considered
one of the most accessible Souls games.
And I mean, I would be that person that plays like
some sort of magic user that stands on a cliff
and shoots, you know, whatever happens to be
in firing range.
Which I believe is the easy way, quote unquote,
using my coin figures, easy way to play it.
And I like, I've gone in and like watched videos,
you know, like I watched, uh, the ending with
whatever the moon lady is.
Um, that was kind of cool, but, uh, I don't know.
I mean, I'm happy for Elden Ring fans getting more content.
I will be content to watch you play it and not play it myself.
Yeah. I thought you'd, a lot of DVD streamers we know,
especially the one you had lunch with today,
I have started kind of playing this in some
DVD downtime lately.
So, um, definitely a game that even a year after
it's been released is, uh, you know, kind of
getting new fans showing up.
So, yep.
Cool.
Yeah.
All right.
Um, moving on Loki.
Yeah.
So just kind of follow up to a story that we talked
about a while ago.
Yuji Naka getting in trouble with some insider trading.
Well now, apparently during the court case, um, it has been,
he has made the comment that there is no doubt.
I knew the facts about the game before it was made
public and bought the stock.
And that's not necessarily admission of like,
I did insider trading, but you got all the ingredients
for insider trading.
It almost sounds like he's pleading guilty,
but he hasn't pled guilty yet.
Well, at least he's owning up to it.
That's more than most people do.
I'll give him credit for that.
Yep.
So, um, I guess, I mean, this is a silly question to ask,
but what I, cause I was gonna ask, is this the end
of his gaming career?
And abs, obviously the answer is yes.
Oh, you think?
No.
I don't think it's the end of his gaming career.
He's gonna go to jail.
Well, you know what?
Is he going to jail or is he getting a fine?
That's, you know what?
Jail didn't end Martha Stewart's career.
So maybe, maybe you're right.
Maybe, maybe this isn't going to be the end and we don't know.
You're right.
He might not get jail.
He might just get a fine, especially if he's admitting
to guilt.
I don't know because I don't know the legal system.
I barely understand the legal system here.
I'm not going to try to understand the legal system
in Japan.
I just know certain things are viewed differently in the
culture than others, and that can go either way.
So we'll see.
Quest Buster in chat says after Ballad Wonderland and now
jail.
Well, entire class says insider trading isn't a felony,
right?
Well, Martha Stewart went to jail.
So granted, many people feel they were just trying to make
an example of her, but she does.
I mean, name a better duo than her and Snoop Dogg.
I'll wait.
Like, there really isn't one.
So I mean, her career is in a great place.
All things considered.
So I don't know.
It'd be interesting to see what happens with Yuji Naka
artistically.
Wow.
Dejirama S says if the creator of Rurouni Kenshin, who is
caught with child pornography, can get away with no jail time
and pay a fine.
Wow.
Yuji Naka is just going to get a slap on the wrist.
Wow.
Phil of Nine says Martha Stewart, the original stunt queen
and the only host of The Apprentice that has gone to jail
so far.
But we'll see.
And she went to jail and paid her dues.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't know enough facts about that case.
I don't want to sit here and go, Martha Stewart should or
shouldn't have gone to jail because I don't really know.
But it does seem like they made an example of her.
I do get the impression that she has done things that maybe
some other people should do.
Other people that have hosted The Apprentice television show
who have done other things that are worse than what Martha
Stewart did.
But what do I know?
I'm just some guy on the internet with a podcast.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
And for those watching live on Twitch, I see we have a special
guest star tonight.
We have Her Highness.
Yes.
Ms. Middlesbittittles.
For those listening on the podcast, Dark Sakura has a cat
not on her lap, like, literally in her arms next to the
microphone right now.
And unlike my cats, Middles is loving this attention.
No, she's tolerating it.
She's tolerating.
She's tolerating this attention.
I took her out of her warm spot because I wanted her to be
a celebrity.
Yeah.
You want down?
You want down?
All right.
Put me down, human.
And time was up.
All right.
Well, speaking of pets, let's talk about Pokemon, because
Pokemon Day happened this week.
And with that came a Pokemon Presents stream.
And so they talked about what is happening in Pokemon.
And one of the biggest pieces of news that came out is that,
yes, there is DLC coming for Scarlet and Violet.
Of course, there's DLC coming from Scarlet and Violet.
That will be coming out soon.
I'm trying to see where the dates are for that.
Fall and winter.
Thank you.
Fall and winter for the two pieces of DLC that are coming
to Scarlet and Violet.
Pokemon Go is also going to connect to Scarlet and Violet.
And I believe that started this week.
I haven't checked out that functionality yet, but I know
it has to do a gimme ghoul and his release in Pokemon Go.
So I'll have to check out that at some point.
There's also more terror raids coming as well.
The Hidden Treasure of Area Zero.
That's the name of the DLC for that.
Interesting.
So it's not two different pieces.
It's just part one and two.
Also big news from the Pokemon Presents.
Pokemon Sleep.
It's back.
It's real.
It's coming.
Pokemon Sleep is happening, and there's going to be a new
device for it even called the Pokemon Go Plus.
It's the Pokemon Go Plus Plus.
It's an ATM machine machine, literally.
The Trace Buster Buster.
But anyway, it's coming.
And if you wanted to get one too late, they're already sold
out everywhere because this is the way Nintendo products
and Nintendo affiliated.
In this case, products tend to go, but it will actually
measure your sleep and all that.
And I think you get a Snorlax in Pokemon Go with, like, a
sleepy time hat or something.
If you get one of these.
I don't know.
It sounded like a lot of extra crap to me.
I'm also I still don't.
I'm not sure I understand the point of Pokemon Sleep other
than Nintendo wants sleep data of children and adults who
like Pokemon across the US and Canada and other places.
For some reason, I don't know why they want to harvest that
sleep data, but they're going to get it.
And that's going to be interesting for whatever they
might be cooking up in the future.
So also some other things if you're big fans of the Pokemon
series, such as Zacian is coming to Pokemon Unite.
There is a new Netflix and Pokemon venture called Pokemon
Concierge that's coming.
There's a new set of Pokemon cards coming, but they'll be
announced more at the Pokemon World Championship and the
Pokemon Master Sex or the Masters EX.
But everyone calls it Pokemon Master Sex for Pokemon Master
Sex.
Leon and Charizard will be back in that.
So there's that.
And what's that?
You say the Lord, I'm done.
Bye.
People.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
All right.
S.J. 100 Matt says it's gamifying health and wellness,
and there's a market for that.
Sure.
And I eat that stuff up.
And will I play Pokemon sleep?
Probably.
Will I recognize that there is something potentially
problematic with me being so open with me sharing my sleep
data?
Probably.
But you know what?
I've been given way worse to Niantic for years.
So whatever.
Keep making the Pokemon cute, and who cares?
All right, moving on.
Let's go back to a simpler time when games weren't harvesting
all of our data in a favorite segment we like to do here
on Orange Lounge Radio.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time,
where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic
and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
OK, let me see.
I think I have an audio cue for tonight's game.
Let's see if I get this timed right with the title
screen coming up.
Oh, no.
There we go.
Oh, I thought I had the song that would play in the back.
Oh, here we go from the top.
There we go.
All right.
Obviously, you all know the game at this point.
All right, so the game is Clay Fighter,
which came out for the Super Nintendo on November 15, 1993.
For PAL, it was released as Tournament Edition.
Actually, I take that back.
For PAL, it was released on May 26, 1994.
Then there were other ones like the Tournament Edition
on May 15, 1994 in North America.
Genesis got theirs June 23, 1994.
The PAL region January 1, 1995.
And Virtual Console in Europe February 6,
2009 in North America May 25, 2009.
So every version of it is over 10 years old.
So it qualifies a bunch.
At any rate, Clay Fighter is a fighting game.
Duh.
That is a parody of Street Fighter and other fighting games.
And it features like this circus theme
and has like a claymation type graphics
that were actually created with, you know,
photography and digitalizing the clay models
like something more Mortal Kombat-ish, but with clay models.
The company Visual Concepts actually had another
in their sort of clay themed franchises
that were actually made by Interplay Productions.
And one was called Claymates, which was a platformer.
There were even toys.
I don't know if they ever came out,
but in July 2020, Megalopolis toys were partnered
with Interplay to release a line of six injection figures
based on the game, which is very interesting.
Anyway, the plot is stupid.
A meteor?
What?
The plot is stupid.
It's great.
It's great.
Well, no, it is.
It is.
It's like a meteor made out of clay lands
on like a little circus.
And then all the goo from all of this
contaminates all the circus's attractions
and makes them bizarre caricatures
of what they were before, but with superpowers.
So I love like the characters in this are their names are fun.
My favorite being bad Mr. Frosty, who's a snowman.
And he has a very, very, very bad attitude.
His attacks like are throwing snowballs
and spitting sharp ice balls and sliding around.
But I like his taunt because he says, I'm bad.
I'm cool.
I'm no one's fool.
I always remembered that like that.
Mr. Frosty is like like my guy.
But there's also blob that's just like that was your guy.
He was the master of Gujitsu and he can morph
into different objects.
And there was another one that I liked,
which was blue suede goo, which is an Elvis impersonator.
And he has he fights on the keys of a piano
that says big hunk of burning clay as in hunk hunk of burning
love.
And of course, his name's a parody of blue suede shoes
from the 1950s.
Bonker is a clown, so I never played him.
Bonker is a clown, so I never played him.
He has like pies and cartwheels and a spring flower
and a huge hammer.
And he's got like two fun houses.
One's a clown head and the other's
like a giant rubber ducky.
And then there's Helga, who is my other one,
who is basically the proverbial fat lady that
sings at the end of the opera.
You know, totally wearing like the Viking attire.
And she's actually the rival of blue suede goo.
And my main for the record.
My main for the record, because I always played women
in fighting games.
Always.
Well, she would like launch herself like with her full head
and like because she had the horns on her head
and then she would also do like the sonic scream,
you know, the operatic thing.
And she's actually the first opponent in single player mode
and she has like an opera theater.
Then there's Ichibod Clay, who we're actually
seeing on the video fighting against the next one, Taffy.
But Ichibod Clay is a scarecrow with a pumpkin head
who can teleport and throw ectoplasm.
The next one is Taffy, who is a gooey.
He's basically Gumby.
Yeah, I don't know.
I think he's like, he looks more like a tapeworm to me.
But anyway, he can twist himself up and spin
and flail his arms.
And in one player mode, he actually,
his levels are like two different Taffy factories.
And then there's Tiny, which is a buff,
very toothy wrestler character who poses.
But he doesn't actually use wrestling moves.
He just punches.
He charges and punches and rolls into a ball
and throws himself at people.
And then the final boss is called End Boss,
End Period Boss, that looks like a ring of balls
or maybe like a weird necklace.
And it has round eyes, one open, one half closed.
And it attacks with projectiles that
are copied from other characters in a grab attack.
He does not appear to be made of clay
and the announcer does not enter, announce his name
at the start or when he wins, which is like,
he's just put in there so that someone,
they have a boss, I guess.
And he uses the purple meteor as his arena,
which is actually a palette swap of a blob stage.
Although in Clay Fighter Tournament Edition,
he has his own arena.
His name is actually based on M. Bison and End Boss.
So End Boss, yay.
Anyway, the development, there's actually a really good,
I think it's on Gaming Historian or one of those ones.
Oh yeah, that's End Boss.
I fast forwarded the clip since you were talking about it.
Okay.
But just talking about the game's development.
So basically it was developed by Visual Concepts
and published by Interplay.
The president, Greg Thomas, said that they really just
wanted something new and funny, you know,
an alternative to all the violent fighting stuff.
And so they looked to different animation experts,
Ken Pontak, David Blyman of Danger Productions
in Brisbane, California.
And then they spent a year developing Clay Fighter.
Once they had it, had the character's design,
they molded the characters using different types of clay.
Like Taffy was created with a stronger type than Blob.
And they had all kinds of different models and everything.
And then they animated them using stop motion animation.
So basically it was a video camera linked to an Amiga computer
that had a graphics editor that digitized the figures.
And then they were saying that, you know,
this part was like a big portion of the development
to make it scriptable, you know,
to use the scripting language for the animation
and to digitize everything.
It was very long and tedious.
And Interplay added in a lot with Project
by creating new character moves
with different spliced animation sequences.
They also recorded the musical score,
the voices, the sound effects.
And they said the design was originally supposed to compete
with Mortal Kombat without the heavy violence.
But Interplay pushed the game saying that parents,
this is a quote here,
parents who object to blood and guts games
now have an alternative title
that gives kids the kind of intense action
they want to see in fighting games to make more sales.
So in 94, we got Clay Fighter Tournament Edition
that was exclusive.
It was originally a rental, excuse me,
through Blockbuster Video.
And it improved on Clay Fighter.
It fixed glitches, added different backgrounds,
offered difficulty setting speeds versus mode.
And then of course, when the Genesis version came out,
which did not look nearly as good as the SNES ones,
that's the version that actually made it
on the Wii Virtual Console.
There is a port of Clay Fighter for the Atari Jaguar
that was in the works, but never released.
So there were sequels,
and I might even jump in and do one of these sequels later,
but I'll give a brief rundown.
The sequels were Clay Fighter II Judgment Clay,
as in like Terminator 2.
That was on SNES in 1995,
and then Clay Fighter 63 1 3 for the Nintendo 64.
And then it had a special edition
called Clay Fighter Sculptor's Cut in 98,
which was also only available as a rental
at Blockbuster Video in North America.
It had, it included four additional characters,
High Five, Lady Liberty, Lockjaw A Pooch,
and Zappa Yow Yow Boys.
They were actually cut out of the original release
for 63 1 3.
And, you know, they changed some stuff up to it,
but Sculptor's Cut is actually considered
to be one of the rarest games released
for the Nintendo 64.
There were only 20,000 copies ever produced.
In September 2009, Interplay announced
a return of Clay Fighter for WiiWare in DSi,
but then they were canceled, sorry, DSiWare.
March 2015, Interplay revealed a remastered Clay Fighter
was to be released in 2016,
and had a partnership with Drip Drop Games.
It was gonna have more than 20 characters
and 20 familiar environments,
Clay-alities, new mechanics like double jumping,
air dashing, counters, and reversals.
The game has been canceled and Interplay sold
the intellectual rights of Clay Fighter
and many of their titles.
I don't think it says to whom.
Anyway, Clay Fighter was awarded
the Best Street Fighter Wannabe of 1993 by EGM,
Electronic Games Monthly,
and was awarded the best sound effects,
and also for having the best ad.
It sold 200,000 copies by the end of 94.
Game Pro said that the Genesis port was pretty positive,
but I think they were also saying
that it just wasn't, it looked as good,
although they thought that the six button Genesis controller
made it the ideal version to play it on, you know?
But at any rate, if we're gonna go into the rankings on things,
I mean, it got kind of middle to positive reviews.
Nintendo Power gave it a 15 out of 20.
Video games and computer entertainment gave it 8 out of 10.
Eurogamer gave it a 5 out of 10.
EGM for SNES gave it a 30 of 40,
and then Mega Drive a 6.6 out of 10.
So yeah, it was, I mean, I'm gonna go on record saying,
this is not the best fighting game.
It really isn't, but it's fun.
Yeah.
And it's a lot of fun.
The technology was really clever for its time too.
You know, the whole concept of, you know,
instead of capturing live actors like a Mortal Kombat,
capturing claymation, I think was just a really fun idea.
This game, you know, the fun that they were trying to do
with this game really comes through,
even if mechanically it's less fun.
Yeah.
And honestly, like, I totally wish that we would have
another Clay Fighter game come out.
Like, I would be so down for that,
especially with our technology now.
I don't disagree.
Like, I mean, they could do the whole thing CG, you know?
But, you know, have like really good clay
textures applied to it.
Yeah.
I mean, it would, if you were gonna do like
a stop motion animation character game right now,
to have it work for our modern sets,
you would have to do so many in-betweens, right?
Sure.
To have it fit like a 60 FPS frame rate, for example.
So that would mean, like, for every second of motion,
you would have 60 different animated frames.
And I'll do that by however much.
Yeah.
But yeah, and I think it's time to bring back
these characters and give them love.
I want to know who has the license now, though.
I'd have to look it up and I'm too lazy.
So yeah, Clay Fighter.
All right.
Clay Fighter.
Clay, Clay Fighter.
Good.
I just always liked it.
Like, it felt like the music would stop
and then the singer would go and then keep going.
If nothing else, we just need a bitchin' new theme song
from the team.
That's what we need.
Yeah, but it's still all about that, Mr. Frosty.
All right.
Classic game of the week, Clay Fighter.
Good pick.
All right.
We're about two hours in and I know we have
some long emails tonight, so I want to make sure
we get to those.
We do?
Yeah, we have two that I saw.
So before we get there, we will get through the rest
of the news.
So let's just keep it moving.
We're going to go to rapid fire news and rapidly talk
about some news.
Loki.
Yes.
So this is cool if you're looking to get into some VR,
but don't want to spend as much money.
The meta quest is dropping in price, or at least
the meta quest two.
So they've confirmed that they're dropping the 256 gigabyte
model down from $499 to $429.
And I think that's supposed to be a permanent price drop.
Also, the Quest Pro, which was super expensive for what
you got, $1,500 is now dropping down to only $1,000.
So something.
And that took effect today.
So if you're in the United States or Canada, you can enjoy
those lower prices or just wait for them to announce the
quest three, because that's probably why they dropped
the price in the first place.
Speaking of lower prices for consoles, if you are a Verizon
customer, you have until April 30th to pick up an Xbox Series
S for only $150.
It's half off its retail price.
If you're a Verizon customer, I am.
But I already have a Series X, so that's no good for me.
Still a Series S together with Game Pass.
Pretty good way to get your foot in the door with current
gaming.
For sure.
Dark Zagre, you have a quick story for us.
I do.
And actually, I've watched a lot of gameplay because Jack
Danger has one of these or had one of these on his Twitch
channel, because of course he does.
Foo Fighters Pinball.
And Dan and I were talking about this while we were watching
you play it, that, oh, it's kind of weird.
It's kind of niche.
But then we saw it in play, and it looks really freaking
fun.
They, Stern did release a trailer about it.
They didn't actually show anything of the actual game, but
it has different custom drawn animation, including like
this.
The article describes it as a Ghostbusters cartoon vibe.
I think of it almost more a little bit like a combination
of Scooby Doo and Ghostbusters.
Yep, exactly.
As Bobby said it, he was the designer of the game.
But I mean, it's really fun.
And of course, it's got their music in the game.
And everybody.
So right now it has, of course, Dave Grohl, Chris Shifflett
and Pat Smear, Nate Mendel, Rami Jaffee, and their late
drummer Taylor Hawkins are all in the movies in the game.
I'm glad they were able to get Taylor in the game after all.
Yeah.
But it's just a trip.
I mean, it really is like just it looks like super, super
fun.
SSJ100 Matt says all the Gen X fans are becoming tables,
and I don't hate it, right?
Where's my nine inch nails pinball table?
I love that.
I mean, I'll be honest.
I would want this over some of the ones that we have.
I'm pretty sure we will never have a Depeche Mode pinball.
I'm just going to say that right now.
We would have nine inch nails before we had Cure in Depeche Mode.
I don't know.
A Cure pinball table would be kind of.
I don't think Robert Smith would go for that.
You never know.
But I'm very sure Depeche Mode would not.
Probably not.
Yeah, but at any rate, at any rate, though, it just looks like so much fun.
I love the art style.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
What's Jack Danger's pinball channel again?
I just know it's him.
But if you dead flip, that's it.
Dead flip.
If you go back, like, I think it was either yesterday or the day before,
but go back on Dead Flip's Twitch and you can see some footage of the game.
All right.
Well, real quick, I'm just going to mention that Splatoon 3 got a 3.0 update.
It just launched this past week, and most of it is to support the additional DLC that's incoming,
the Inkopolis DLC, which again, still makes no sense to me why this is an interesting thing at
all, but it's there and allows you to travel between the old town and the new town.
Cool.
I guess it's all the same shit.
It's weird, but okay.
But there were other things that they're being added.
Things about fresh season 2023 with a new catalog, new gear, a new gear brand, 126 new items,
two new battle stages, two new special weapons.
You get where I'm going with this.
There is a lot of other new stuff that's being launched with the fresh season 2023 that's coming
as well.
It gets really into the weeds.
I don't have time during rapid fire to talk about some of these intricate changes to
multiplayers, like what are some of the special weapons they have and some of the new weapons
coming into shops.
But for folks that are playing the game, I'm sure there's a lot of cool stuff here.
I noticed this interesting note, changes to connectivity made it so that players will
be notified when their connection is unstable.
If the connection continues to be unstable, player controls will temporarily be disabled.
That's very interesting.
So yeah, also some Splatfest changes.
Basically, it looks like they're kind of make a changing Splatfest TXP across the board
to 7500 each stage as opposed to this incrementing thing.
So it's kind of interesting.
So check it out if you're a Splatoon fan and I'm still with that.
That all being said, let's travel around the world and check out some games you can check
out this week as they release starting with the US.
Loki.
Yes, so what a great one to start with.
We have Romansylvania on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox series.
Caverns of Mars Recharged on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox
1, and Xbox series.
Clash Artifacts of Chaos on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox 1, and Xbox series.
Fatal Frame Mask of the Lunar Eclipse.
That's on a PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox 1, and Xbox series.
Looks like Ib on Nintendo Switch.
Oni Road to Be the Mightiest Oni on Nintendo Switch.
Paranormal Sight, The Seven Mysteries of Honjo on Nintendo Switch, iOS, and Android.
We have Ray's Arcade Chronology on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
Oh, so that's, I guess, based off the Ray Force series.
And then looks like Mato Anomalies on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5,
Xbox 1, and Xbox series.
And that is it.
All right, traveling to Japan, it's actually a lot of the same stuff, so I'll try to move
through this quickly.
On the Nintendo Switch, we have Ray's Arcade Chronology in a regular and limited edition.
And I'm trying to see what games are in that.
Oh, it's Ray Force, Ray Storm, Ray Crisis.
That's why they call it Ray's.
This is such a good series.
Yeah, so that's coming out on the Switch this week.
And then we also have Melon Journey, Bittersweet Memories, Fatal Frame, Mask of the Lunar
Eclipse, Record of, excuse me, that's only a US, Ib is also out in Japan this week, as
well as that Oni Road to Be the Mightiest Oni, that's out in Japan as well.
And Chef Life, a restaurant simulator.
Yes, that is out as well in Japan this week.
Checking out the PlayStation 5, some crossovers as well.
You still have that Oni Road to Be the Mightiest Oni is out there as well.
And the Melon Journey, Bittersweet Memories, those are crossing over to the PlayStation
5 this week.
But otherwise, that is it.
How about the UK, Dark Sakura?
Just a handful of things.
It looks like we get Train Life, a railway simulator for Switch.
Also on the ninth, we get for PlayStation and Xbox, Monster Energy Supercross 6.
For Switch, we get Session Skatesim.
On the 10th, we get for the big three, we get DC Justice League, Cosmic Chaos.
PlayStation and Switch, we get My Life Pet Vet.
Also on the two, we get Crazy Chicken Traps and Treasures.
On PlayStation, we get Game Deck.
And then on the big three, we get Mato anomalies.
All right.
Let's do some more stories here.
And I'm going to be honest, I'm starting to get a little tired as we're moving on.
I think that's just me being exhausted from everything last week.
So I'm maybe fighting off whatever Alan has probably passed on.
So let's move through these stories and wrap up the show.
So let's get to this from Loki.
Yes.
So we have a new number one subscribed Twitch star, I guess if you will, Kai Sennett.
He is a 21-year-old African-American Twitch streamer who has now beat Ludwig as the most
subscribed Twitch, I guess, streamer.
And he, I guess what's notable, I guess they said because he did that the last week of
February is a Black History Month type of thing.
I guess it's a nice coincidence, but it's cool to see, though, more rising stars kind
of coming through the whole Twitch scene.
He streams a lot of, I guess, Fortnite, Grand Theft Auto 5, NBA 2K, 23, and that type of
stuff.
Plus that collabs with a lot of different hip hop artists as well.
Well, congratulations.
Good.
All right, DarkSakura.
So Sega has put out a survey asking for opinions on a certain number of games.
So the ones that have been on the list, there's actually a few.
We have Judgment, Golden Axe, Streets of Rage, Shinobi, Crazy Taxi, Jet Set Radio,
Altered Beast, House of the Dead, and Virtua Fighter.
And basically it's like, you know, you get three options.
Never heard of it, heard of it, but never played it or played a game from it.
So I think that they're trying to garner who knows these IPs and who would be likely to
play it.
So, I mean, Bloomberg did report that Sega, this is actually last April, that Sega was
investing in their back catalog, working on reboots for Crazy Taxi and Jet Set Radio.
So who knows?
And of course we have the Samba game got recently announced.
So this isn't completely, completely, completely a surprise that Sega is dipping back in this
Dreamcast Classics catalog, but good.
I want them to bring knights.
Why do we not have any more knights?
We need more knights.
We need to go get on that survey.
We got Balan Wonderworld.
I mean, that's basically the same thing, right?
Stop.
All right.
All right.
Let's move on.
Loki.
Okay.
Well, this is a pretty cool deal as well.
So there's a brand new Humble Bundle and oh my God, we ever talk about Humble Bundle.
That hasn't happened in years.
They have 72 games for 30, or at least as little as $30 as part of a Syria Turkey Relief
Bundle.
And there's lots of big games in there as well.
So we've got such things as like Gotham Knights, Ghostrunner, System Shock 2, XCOM 2,
Payday 2, Mountain Blade, Warband, lots of different games in there.
I definitely picked it up because, you know, got to add to my number of games I don't play.
Too true.
But Gotham Knights being in this bundle.
I mean, that game is like not even six months old.
My goodness.
No, it's very recent.
Yeah, lots and lots of things to check out in there.
Yeah, there's a lot in this, but it looks like they've raised as of right now, two and
a half million and counting.
So nice for them.
All right.
And one more story for you.
Who doesn't love the classic game Zero Wing and the earliest earliest of internet memes,
including Move Every Zig and All Your Base Are Belong to Us, of course.
This is interesting, though.
So Topland has, you know, Topland publisher Bitwave.
Toaplan.
Toaplan, excuse me.
I always say Toaplan.
Toaplan is the publisher Bitwave is going to be doing an update for this collection.
It has changes and fixes, and they're adding the introduction sequence for the arcade version
of Zero Wing because it didn't exist in the original version.
It was in the Mega Drive port.
There was no introduction in the original coin op edition.
So now there is a brand new introduction with new hand drawn artwork that is available.
They're also trying to target some of the other things that have been noticed by hardcore
fans, you know, basically, you know, some of the little control issues and things of
that sort.
I just want to see really quickly if I can bring it up here.
What this might look like.
Oh, my gosh, this is it really is pretty similar to what you had before.
And it's even I'm turning on the music a little bit.
We are getting a signal on screen.
Main screen turned on.
Yeah, it's pretty much what you remember.
But just with that right.
How are you gentlemen?
Is that art style that you would your base are belong to us?
Perfect.
We'll end on that note.
Um, it is what an arcade machine of that era might look like, to be honest.
It's great.
I'm glad that they went back and added that just for that effect.
It's amazing.
And of course, of course, they kept the line as is, of course they did.
That would be like, okay, can you imagine they've re translated Final Fantasy four,
I don't know how many times they are not allowed to get rid of the line.
You spoonie bard.
Guess what?
In Japanese, he did not say you spoonie bard.
That was a silly translation of that era.
They did like the equivalent of you son of a bitch.
Basically, it's you asshole.
Yeah, you jerk.
But obviously, to make it family friendly, some liberties were taken by the translator
and it became you spoonie bard.
And now your spoonie belongs to us.
I can't.
All right, you know what?
I'm officially done.
Let's go to the mailbag.
Every week we invite your emails.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Who said that?
I was even looking at chat.
Who said that?
Fifth Dream.
Fifth Dream.
Gold Star.
Gold Star.
All right, wait a second.
I have to explain something to SSJ100Matt about I am error.
There was another character who was named Bagu.
Bug.
Error and bug.
Cute.
The name was not a mistranslation.
Bagu was more like a direct romanization of how bug would be pronounced, you know, in
Japanese, I guess.
So no, they were error and bug.
Well, how about you know what?
Why don't we get Bagu an error in a future Zelda game?
Whatever happened to those two?
That's what I want to know.
Maybe we'll find out in Tears of the Kingdom.
Do you know Bagu?
I do.
I do know the Bagu.
No, he was the bridge guy, wasn't he?
Yeah.
I know my classics once in a while.
Yeah.
Anywho.
Especially that one because I actually beat that one as a kid and beating Zelda 2 is one
of those like Gold Star gamer achievement.
I actually beat that one.
It wasn't easy, but I did it.
Okay, beat the guardian legend.
I'll try.
Oh, yeah.
No, Gwen brought up like my favorite line.
Sit your ass down in your chair and drink your goddamn tea from Sid.
This tea is delicious.
That I have that line perfectly memorized.
I love it.
Okay, so email.
Participate at orangeandrea.com.
All right.
First one comes from Ranchan.
There were some very interesting things that were discussed.
I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss if you don't mind.
Number one, working from home.
I know this is a hotly discussed topic outside of gaming.
I do remember reading that the team behind Tiny Tina's Wonderlands would have been longer
if the team wasn't remote, which to me does make sense.
I do understand that not every job can be remote.
Mine can be hybrid, but it's on site.
I like going to work in my office.
You're required to be on site unless the role you have is coded for remote.
And if you're on site, you must be fully vaccinated and boosted.
I will say this, though.
During the beginning of the pandemic, a famous talent agency required everyone to come into
the office and they lost a lot of good people.
Now, the talent agency I worked for moved and everyone moved everyone to laptops and
sent people home for the majority of the period.
And now we just expanded one of our floors because oddly enough, more people want to
come into the office right now.
We're not at full capacity, but you can see the camaraderie among the associates on the
floor, something you don't you can't really get when working from home.
OK.
Yeah, I mean, some people prefer me.
My job can be done just as efficiently at the office or at home because of what I do.
But it does make it hard for something that should be a collaborative effort.
So, yeah, I mean, I get it.
Well said.
It's just the opposite for me, because if I go into the office and they'll see how annoyed
at the other people I am, it's best that they don't see me in the office.
I'm just glad that I face inward toward my computer.
When you face your computer, no one can see you eye roll, although they can hear it.
My job, I work with offices up and down the state, so I would be kind of like remote.
My team is up and down the state, too, so I would be kind of remote working anyway.
So it's an interesting kind of predicament I'm in.
The interesting change is that I don't and all of us don't travel.
Like back in the day, I probably would have flown down to Southern California once every
few months to see the team there and that's off the table.
So we have to connect on Zoom and do other things.
But I think a lot of companies are still trying to find their rhythm with all of that.
What does this, using my quotey fingers, new normal look like?
Because number one, obviously, COVID and the pandemic, it's still a thing whether society's
over it or not.
Whether they declare it endemic status or whatever, the reality is people's perception
of what work can be and the fact that people know full damn well they can do their jobs
at home have really changed the game.
People that are looking for jobs are looking for jobs that they can do remotely.
It's interesting.
I will say there's been some good things for going back into the office and the fact
that it's actually improved my ability to go out and be around people.
I feel like as I'm adjusting more to being around people, some of my social anxiety has
certainly decreased.
But I'm also a, if it fucks me up, face it kind of person.
And it's been really good because I'm friends.
I work with Drew.
My work buddies are like my other family, sort of.
So I like going in and seeing them.
I certainly love going to the cafeteria.
Also, right now, Melody is sort of one of my co-workers, but in the big office.
So we chat at work.
So the next part.
The game that is not mentioned.
Oh shit.
Now I know this game has caused a lot of controversy and yes, Rob, the boycotting on this game
did indeed backfire.
I have no desire to play this game.
I know people who do.
They can separate the art from the artist and that's them, but I will not berate someone
for playing it.
That falls under the rule of fuck around and find out.
I won't go into any further on my thoughts on the game because the three of you said
it already.
Y'all said it in a way that I could not, and I thank you for it.
And as for Jamie going beyond this and talking about how to help and support marginalized
people, I could give you a great big hug.
Oh, you make me feel good.
You are the epitome of ally support for us.
I honestly feel that those who do not know the struggle should take a page from y'all's
support book and learn.
And while we're here, I know that it was discussed how Saudi Arabia's investment in
Nintendo does not sit well with us.
The issue that Nintendo doesn't know.
The issue is that Nintendo doesn't know the issue and does not care.
For example, there was a Saudi Arabian cosplay contest with a top prize of 10 grand.
A lot of American cosplayers boycotted it where European, Asian, and other international
cosplayers entered.
Their reason was simply what's going on between the US and Saudi Arabia has nothing to do
with me.
So much for solidarity.
And one more thing, Rob.
I know that you've mentioned on how the show can get political.
Fuck it.
Let it be.
The topics that come up affect all of us one way or another, and we need to know.
For some people, podcasts are the only way people find out anything, so please keep
it up.
There's a lot more I want to discuss, but the show is only so long.
That's all for now.
Take care, one and all.
That's from Rajan.
To be clear on the politics thing, it's not that I want to completely steer clear of politics.
And I think what ties into some of what you said, too, is that keep in mind that Dark
Sakura and I both also represent marginalized communities in one way or another.
We've not been shy about that over the years of the show.
And to Loki's credit as well, because it's his show, too.
Even if he is our token, cis-het, white guy on the show, he knows when to listen.
For all this crap we give Loki about, he says a lot when it comes to Nintendo and how it's
run.
So the other thing is Loki knows when to listen.
Right, Loki?
That's actually the first step of allyship.
Absolutely.
Absolutely it is.
And the thing is, don't listen to reply.
Listen to absorb.
Don't.
And not everything.
It's taken me time to learn this, too.
Not everything needs to be tweeted.
Sometimes, just listen.
That's all you need to do.
Read.
Oh.
And I'll add this, too.
Sometimes not everything is about you.
That's, that's right, too.
Absolutely.
So I told that to somebody and he blocked me.
But as far as the politics is concerned, I'm not like, look, I do not want this to be one
of those.
This is a chill stream.
Therefore, we don't talk about politics.
Like, politics affects everybody.
And for many of the reasons we've outlined before on this program, I don't need to rehash
them right now.
My stance is, I want to find the balance of making sure we're still covering the topic
that people came here to discuss and interjecting as well an awareness of the world around us
that these games exist in.
So sometimes I just want to walk the line of finding that balance and making sure that
we are doing our best to educate, show the other perspectives, and not berate.
Although there are some things that need to be berated, last name Kotick, first name Bobby,
as an example, not the Bobby that's on this network.
You all know what I'm talking about.
There's more that needs to be done apart from beration.
So that's kind of my stance on it.
So just just know, like, sometimes if I'm like, Okay, let's move on.
It's only because I'm, I'm realizing that the politics talk has taken up a really, really
good chunk of the show.
And sometimes all you can do, and I talked about this, we talked about the game that
shall not be named.
Sometimes all you could do is put the information in front of somebody.
Watch how they use that information.
That will inform what your relationship may or may not look like moving forward,
how they treat receiving that information.
And it's as simple as that.
Good email.
Yes, very good email.
I'm going to go ahead and pull up the other email from YYR.
All right.
Oh, the font is so small.
Well, I mean, which is fine by me, I can read small font, but it's just all of a sudden
it was like, Oh, this is much smaller.
Hello, LR.
I was super happy to hear that After Burner Climax was chosen as last episode's ORL classic
game of the week.
I've put a lot of hours into that game.
It's one of my favorite Sega games of the Lindbergh era.
It's an action packed masterpiece in every respect.
And to see an almost arcade perfect port make its way to Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 seemed
like a surreal miracle.
The announcement of the port came out of nowhere.
You might be wondering just how did that happen anyway?
Well, I have a theory.
One of you mentioned the After Burner styled level in Bayonetta.
I think that was me.
Well, there was an article posted by Destructoid in October 2009, link below, sorry, about
an interview with Bayonetta creator Hideki Kamiya shortly after the game was released.
Kamiya was asked what Sega game he wanted to see next.
And out of all the millions of things he could have asked for, he instead humbly requested
a home version of After Burner Climax.
I remember seeing this article when it came out.
I'm not sure if OLR covered it, but I didn't have time to check.
But surely enough, six months later, boom, Kamiya got his wish and so did everyone else
looking for a thrilling fight combat game in the comfort of their homes.
There's only one thing in the arcade version that didn't make it home, the two-player
pair play mode.
Sadly, I've never been able to try it.
I wonder if there are any arcades left that have two working machines.
Yeah, I've only seen a single machine.
One thing I absolutely must mention regarding this game is that I was engaged in hardcore
head-to-head combat with fellow longtime listener SSJ100 Matt on Xbox 360, on the Xbox 360
version.
We went back and forth for, what, a whole year, maybe more?
Each of us topped the other's previous best score more than a handful of times until finally
Matt achieved his current best of 1,631,770, number 121 overall on the leaderboard out
of almost 59,000 players, besting my 185th place personal record by about 140K.
I've always intended to go back and put in the work, but I'll be honest, it's been
over 10 years since then and I'm not sure my reflexes are still good enough to improve
any further, but that's a thing for another time.
And then, Jamie, I did not miss your mention of Deadstorm Pirates.
That is another one of my favorite games.
In fact, it's the very first video game I ever played with my wife, Amy, in the Times
Square Dave and Busters.
I still have my PS3 hooked up and my two Guncon 3s handy whenever we need to go back to it,
and my four-year-old already enjoys watching us play it.
If for some reason you wanted to make Deadstorm a classic game of the week, I would absolutely
love the opportunity to produce the segment.
Hey, cool.
You just tell me how much time to fill and I will fill it.
Side note, I probably will record audio and send it to you if you do it.
So then you'll know what to fill.
Also going to say if we forecast that you're going to be out for a week in the future,
that might be a thing we can do for a guest segment.
I'll also end on this.
I did not miss the mention of the Game Grumps playing super multitasking on their stream.
Thank you very much as always for the kind words.
I will say that unfortunately, this alone did not create the sustained word of mouth
that would have been required for the game to actually become popular.
However, I did get enough money out of it to buy a brand new gaming computer and monitor
replace my 10-year-old Frankenrig.
So I can now play DDR at 120 FPS since the latest PC version supports that and I'm all
set for early access on Hades 2 whenever that happens.
Damn right I have my priorities straight.
Oh, there was one other awesome thing that came out of this.
I finally have double digit reviews on Steam.
So now I have an average rating.
Positive instead of nine user reviews.
That was up there for literally years.
Woohoo!
Sorry for the long email, although I guess I'm not that sorry.
Otherwise I wouldn't have sent it.
Oh well.
Thanks again for the show and congrats on the big 950.
See you later.
Aaron Yyr.
Thanks Yyr.
And although I'm disappointed to hear that the moment in the spotlight of your game is
not sustaining, a new computer is a pretty nice tip.
So I'm glad at least you're getting something that you can spoil yourself with out of that
because you've done so many fun things and poured your heart into these projects between
Bungie ferret tossing and super multitasking and so forth.
I'm really glad that now you at least can get something tangible out of it.
So while I still wish your game would get the visibility on a mass scale that it deserves,
I'm really glad at least you got a moment.
To quote my spouse, it beats a sharp stick in the eye.
It does beat a sharp stick in the eye.
And you know what?
That's true.
Sometimes, and believe me, I know this from doing a podcast for 21 years.
My co-host will probably agree.
Sometimes you don't want to be in the spotlight.
Sometimes being at that, I'm getting a new computer that maybe that's an okay level to
be at.
All right.
I could use a little bit more spotlight.
Well, you might have one coming, so we'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
It's hard to be enthusiastic like about that kind of stuff.
Like, you know, kids are, you know, like I said, we've been doing this for like 21 years
and we're still in so much obscurity.
Go, okay, wait, what?
How do I, how do I find that that reply that you wrote to the Minecraft people with your
video?
Oh, you just, it was just hashtag, what was it?
It's hashtag feature me Minecraft is all in word.
Okay, hold on.
Cause I'm going to, I'm going to forget because we got to, we got to find the way to help
help Loki out right now.
Okay.
So feature me Minecraft.
Well, some people have some pretty interesting things here.
Okay.
Oh, look, look, fourth window.
Oh my gosh.
Look at this is such a good screenshot that you have here.
And for the podcast listeners, it's one of the fish from the bubble man stage in, in
is that the name of it?
I never knew the name.
Yeah.
Recreated in Minecraft.
These are so cool.
And in 3d it's, it's hard because Anko had literally three illustrations of it.
That is it.
That is all that exists and same with Octoper.
So here's what I'm going to do to help Loki out to get noticed.
I'm going to make sure I like that post most importantly, and then I'm going to reply to
it and I'm going to put, this is so cool.
I hope they pick you.
And then I'm going to retweet it and look at that.
I'm helping with visibility.
So I appreciate that.
If everybody goes in there and does something similar, I mean, don't make it obvious.
You were told to do so, but just like a retweet, it's going to help Loki out big time.
If even just like five people listening tonight did that, it would be helpful.
So awesome.
Good luck to you.
All right.
What?
I just, uh, Bobby.
What, uh, what did he say?
Well, like how Rob doesn't use the arrows between the four images and encloses the real
look, that's how often I use Twitter anymore.
That's for sure.
Hey, even, wow.
Wow.
Loki, this, this alone should be worth the hours upon hours of effort you put into this.
Shad Leland or Shane is in chat saying that stuff was top notch.
No joke.
Shane isn't impressed by anything.
Isn't like, you know, Pokemon.
So that's quite the compliment.
That one build, the Octopus, the Octoper, um, took like, it was like 80 hours or so to
put together and it's, it's 300,000 blocks.
That's my starter base, that one right there, the met.
So that, that's always fun.
Yeah, but that one right there and they're all functional too.
So like that right there is a guardian or a guardian farm.
So underneath there's a, um, a guardian temple and they go inside there and then they end
up in an XP farm and then the Octoper is actually covering up a stacking raid farm.
So it's all functional stuff.
Um, and it's huge.
Like even just building in my base, I am now like, I see that Octopus out just on the ocean,
like out there.
It's, it's enormous.
My base is going to be enormous.
It already is enormous.
And each, each section of the base I do is like a size of another mega base.
It's like ridiculous.
Well, and, and Shane and anyone listed.
So Shane actually further went on to say it honestly looks better than the official Mega
Man X pack they just put out.
Well, keep in mind, Loki gives tours of all of these in his videos.
So if you aren't, you know, for those that have no idea, cause they're listening on the
podcast feed, which is great.
We love you too.
Loki's Twitter to retweet and all that is over at Loki O L R all one word, uh, on Twitter.
And then, uh, of course his YouTube channel is same thing, right?
Or is there an underscore on YouTube?
It's well, YouTube has that wonderful at thing now.
So you can just do youtube.com slash at Loki O L R.
Perfect.
So, and then, uh, make sure you can actually watch those videos.
So fabulous.
Just past 800 subs.
So slowly making it there.
And subs are free.
They're like follows on Twitch.
That's the free cause sub on Twitch means money.
But yeah.
Wow.
I think you, you know what?
You have more follows on YouTube than I think dark Sakura or I or VOG network have on Twitch.
So maybe you shouldn't be complaining.
I'm getting there.
Yeah, no, you are.
You are.
Um, uh, I think fog and network is sadly in last place.
We need to, we need to up the visibility here.
It's not a contest, but, uh, we need to up the visibility here at VOG network because
when one of us wins, we all win.
That's the power of network.
By the way, we need to have a power meeting.
Okay.
Soon, but not tonight.
All right.
All right.
Uh, I think with that, we're done.
I didn't see anybody join the green room, so that is it.
Plus we're running a little long anyway, so I want to make sure we wrap up.
I already told you I'm starting to fade as the night goes on and I get to go back to
work tomorrow.
Woo.
At least I work at home.
I get to message the queen of chaos.
I get to read 5,000 emails when I get back to work tomorrow.
So let's go around and get final thoughts and say our good nights and all that good
stuff.
Um, dark Sakura, of course, I'll start with you.
I know you're going to go do some dead by daylight after the show tonight.
Um, do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight?
Um, you know how everyone, how people call dead by daylight, Debbie delight.
I was watching some scenes from singles the other day and there's the character Debbie
and all of a sudden my brain went to come to where the action is.
Come to Debbie town.
And you'd have to see that movie to get it.
But well, stay tuned for some Debbie town after the show.
Yep.
Later taters.
All right.
Bye bye.
I forgot my usual spiel.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lodge Radio, tell a friend or two about the
show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we
need more voices to put out on air.
A nice five star review on a site like iTunes or Spotify, wherever it is you found this
show, those go an awful long way.
A like and a retweet go an awful long way.
That's for sure.
Loki, your final thought for tonight?
I'm just going to be working more on content creation.
Still want to try to get back down to weekly videos, but it's just I do too.
I overscope everything.
You know, it's a problem.
But at the same time, those Mega Man things.
God damn, that's so impressive.
So yeah, although yes, I agree.
And you do need to lower your scope.
Damn, sometimes when you do it, it's like, okay, wow.
Yeah, I mean, it's
I can't help myself.
I have to keep doing that.
Think about the advice I gave Square Enix earlier.
Do the low hanging fruit to give that platform.
I know.
I just need to pace myself.
Yes, you do.
All right.
My final thought is I'll be back to doing some streaming this week as well over my personal
channel, Rob Roberts.
I will be doing some theater rhythm a couple days this week, and I'll be doing No Man's
Sky on Tuesday, Thursday.
Of course, again, Star Trek Cruise wrap up here at VOG Network.
So check that out.
If nothing else, even if you could give a shit about Star Trek or the Cruise, come watch
me get yelled at for playing Overwatch badly.
I'm subjecting myself to that for y'all's entertainment.
That's going to do it.
Thanks so much for being here for our 950th episode, 50 more until we hit 1000 weekly
podcasts.
And not a lot of internet shows have hit 1000 weekly episodes.
I know some other like gaming and other shows, they've hit 1000 episodes for maybe multiples
a week and so forth.
Not a lot on any topic, really, that have made the 1000 weekly episodes club.
So thank you all for making that a distinct reality for our show as we move in to the
next year and beyond.
Have a good week, everybody.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
Bye.
