We'll be right back.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We're here and live once again with episode number 1044 of our show for tonight, April the 27th of 2025.
Last show of April, if you can believe it.
No.
No.
No, I shouldn't be
We have been nicknaming him as a sexy man.
Fun fact, he is tied to video games.
He's the voice of Grahatia in Final Fantasy XIV and still does it, even with all his other commitments, which is amazing.
Indeed.
But I also am going through physical therapy, so I have been doing physical therapy exercises this morning.
And yeah, I found out for my leg, while, yes, I had sprained my quad, I tore my hamstring.
Not bad.
I mean, clearly the muscle isn't collapsed or anything, but it's enough that it hurts.
So I've been doing physical therapy this morning as well.
Then I went to dance.
I have dance tomorrow night.
I have physical therapy all week, and then I have dance on Wednesday.
I'm literally now that person that says, I'm sorry, I can't.
I have dance.
Just dance, it'll be okay Anyone?
Alright It feels great though, I mean I'm sore afterwards, but I feel like
This is where I start getting the improvement that I wanted to get in ballet.
And I feel like I might be on my way to my goals.
But I did... Character shoes are terrible in a story.
For sure.
I actually feel a little bit similar to your journey, but with walking.
I mean, I know it's not as intense, but I've been really like even my little Apple Health summary thing because, you know, I wear the watch and stuff tells me like you've been getting more exercise these last few weeks and you haven't a long time.
Your heart rate has been recovering better.
And it's like, yeah, because I've been like walking like all the time.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They should really be paying me with as much as I promote this game, but they don't.
Next month they're doing classic console Pikmin.
So all the Pikmin that you hatch from special seedlings will be like NES classic Nintendo.
There's a little pink one you can see with a Game & Watch themed.
And I was like, well, this is the one where they convinced me to spend my money.
They don't have to actually use it.
No, you don't have to actually play the games on them.
They're just little decorative things.
So they really don't mean anything.
I haven't even opened the app since last week.
Oh, bummer.
So I guess we'll see if I do.
I can say, though, that just dancing today was about for an hour of dance, about 2,500 steps.
Nice.
That's good.
Counting all my jumping and spinning and turning about?
That's the most ridiculous thing ever
It evolves into slightly bluer than the normal ones.
It's kind of weird, but anyway.
That's ridiculous.
Going back to our chat, because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show, except there was no Bobby Blackwolf tonight, so if you missed Bobby, he actually was not on this week.
He had a prior commitment and was unable to do tonight's show, but he will be back next week, and we'll look forward to seeing you an hour before us at 8 o'clock Eastern next week.
S2100 Matt says, purple ice cream, ube ice cream.
Fuck, have you ever had... I don't eat ice cream a lot anymore because, you know, of all my health stuff, but like... Ube, all the things.
Ube, frozen yogurt, fro-yo, like which I still shouldn't eat because like LOL sugar, but once in a while as a treat.
Oh my God, so good.
Like seriously, I get excited when I see that flavor because, you know, you can never figure out what fucking flavor a yogurt store will have.
But when I see Ube, I'm like, oh, this is it.
This is it.
You know what, though?
I would have to say of my favorite, I guess, non-traditional Western flavors, you put black sesame in front of me and I lose my shit.
It's great.
All right, I also want to put a pin in this comment from PodCulture in chat talking about us.
We were talking about Wicked and Jonathan Bailey.
PodCulture said, Rob, but all the books he mauled in that number.
You know, yeah, the way they do things in the movies is sometimes different from the books, is sometimes different from the stage show.
And I think that's great.
They all can be different.
I want to put a pin in that because I want to come back to that because there's a lot, you know, we talk about not just gaming news, but like what gamers are talking about online online.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I did for a little bit.
Not to get too far into my gaming week, but oops.
How do I explain it?
It is really that they put the same fucking thing, the exact same thing you remember.
Bugs and all.
And if you've been looking at the TikToks or the Instagram reels or your short form video thing of choice, you've probably been seeing here's the bug in the original game and here's the scroll in Remastered.
And it's weird because as much as people bitch and moan about Bethesda and their bugs...
This time it is strangely endearing because it is everything you remember wrapped in completely new, shiny, sparkling, beautiful, somehow four-dimensional wrapping paper.
Because it's really mind-blowing graphics.
The graphics really are good.
I played the opening segment where you escape the dungeon.
I think everybody knows by now.
Patrick Stewart's Real Septim character is there.
And I noticed right away...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I wonder if they got delayed from like something like it was supposed to come out like at their last announcement thing that they did.
But I think they would have said something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And, you know, I joked on last week's show that this was going to be a big week for games because you have Elder Scrolls, you know, Oblivion remaster and then Claire Obscure Expedition 33 also on Game Pass.
Oblivion Square Enix
and DarkSakura.
That's basically what I'm hearing about it from the internet, which I'm curious if any of you have played it in your thoughts in chat.
I downloaded it, and that's about as far as I got.
Yeah, yeah.
I haven't installed and all that good stuff.
I chose to play Oblivion Remaster instead just because I was like, well, I probably won't play that one start to finish, but Claire Obscure I'll definitely want to sink into, and I want to make sure I have a bulk amount of time there.
Yeah.
TigerClaw in chat talking about the Oblivion remaster saying, "...that Oblivion remaster won't be the last.
Expect re-releases of this game for the years to come.
It'll come out on every platform known to man, every version imaginable."
I don't disagree.
I think a Switch 2 version is all but a certainty for this.
Assuming it will run, because it doesn't run on PlayStation 4 or the last series of Xbox...
So I don't know, maybe Switch 2 isn't a guarantee, but if it can run it, I would say it would definitely happen.
I would assume, I know this sounds wacky, but y'all have to be thinking, I would assume they're going to do a Skyrim, which they've already done, but I think they're going to do a Skyrim in Unreal 5, I really do.
Yeah, that or like I would even see like a Fallout before that.
Ooh, that's actually a really good call out.
I would say especially if they could time the Fallout to go with the series that's on TV.
Absolutely.
SS2100 Matt in chat says Todd Howard slightly smirking at the thought of a new Skyrim.
Tiger Claw pointing out and lots of mods too.
Oh yeah, the mods are already coming out for this game.
Some of them very controversial because...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I want to talk about The Last of Us.
I am going to spoil some things that happened in the second game.
That game is five years old at this point.
My assumption is if you're a gamer and you care about that series, you have played it at this point.
So I apologize if I'm going to spoil a major plot point because it has to do with the TV show.
So if you do not want to be spoiled, I would encourage you to lower the volume for about three minutes.
I will give you a hand signal on Twitch when I'm done.
For those of you on the podcast, you'll need to fast forward about three minutes.
Give me a minute to do this, okay?
All right, here I go.
So I'm going to spoil this.
So this week on The Last of Us on Max was the episode where Joel dies.
And I was really surprised that they did that early on in the show because I thought they would milk this entire season with Pedro Pascal.
And then maybe like that would be the big cliffhanger at the end and they would do something different next season.
Like next season would be Abby's point of view.
or whatever it is.
But no, they spoiled it on the TV or spoiled it.
They showed that sequence on the TV show this week which would be similar to the events early on in the game.
This happens early on in the game to really like change up the tone.
But here's the thing.
In the TV show, they told you Abby's motivations.
They basically, you know, Abby comes out and says, it's something I haven't watched the show yet.
I'm getting all of this fed through TikTok.
And which is great.
It's like the new Red Wedding because it's people reacting to the death who have not played the games and are freaking the fuck out.
And everybody's like, finally, gamers have their Game of Thrones Red Wedding moment.
It's supposed to show, not say
Exactly.
And so in the games, you don't find out Abby's motivations for like 10 more hours in the game.
And that's actually a big, if you remember, people did not care for The Last of Us Part 2 because they hated Abby and you were forced to play as Abby for as long as the game.
And then you found out.
Oh, Abby is somebody's daughter of somebody who was killed in the first game by Joel, and it's a cycle of revenge.
But basically, she set her motivation out the gate.
And an interesting online theory is that they did not want the actress to put up with the same bullshit that the actress who played Abby had to put up with in the games.
Because again, 2020, pandemic lockdowns, people were going through it online, and obviously...
And that game is traumatic anyway.
to get around that controversy.
I'm fine with the show doing its own narrative because also it's only two episodes in.
We have a whole season left to go.
We don't know ultimately what this payoff may be.
We know there are other characters now in the show that are not in the games and all this other stuff.
And I don't know how the show is going to give that same experience of playing the game from Abby's point of view and all that.
I don't know how that's going to go.
So it's weird, but even though I don't really watch the show, this whole thing has made me want to watch it.
I'm like, clearly this show is really fucking good.
I knew that after the first season, but clearly this show... I need to make time because clearly this show, if it is inciting all of these opinions in the reaction video, clearly I need to be watching it.
Because it's... yeah.
But, I mean, there's an example of...
A different version of the property doing something completely different for its own artistic reasons.
TigerClaw says Pedro Pascal was the show's biggest draw.
Are they going to stick around after?
I understand that Pedro Pascal is still in the season, and it's probably through flashbacks, and we know that the show has done deeper dives on topics that weren't covered in the games.
So Pedro Pascal will still be in the show, but I would expect that he's not in season three.
So the show will have to, you know, but I don't know what they're going to do with season three now.
It really feels like they're covering the events of the second game.
So do they do the Game of Thrones thing and just kind of like go the direction they think the games are going in?
Or do they allow the creative license?
Is there a third game coming out?
We maybe will find that out summer.
I could see that a third game is announced summer comes out for holiday and then they're safe to translate that into a show next year but I think there's that very real possibility it's the Game of Thrones thing we all know he's never finishing the books we all know he is never finishing the books so yeah he is
from the great beyond if he doesn't step on it.
But you'll have to channel it for somebody to write on stone tablets if he doesn't fucking hurry it up.
But they had the outline or whatever to do the show off of, so it'll be interesting.
Anyway, all right.
Some people that may have muted this want us to move on.
We have other topics to get into, so there's my signal.
It's safe to listen again, although all of you in chat were spoiling it anyway, so whatever.
But again, the game is five years old.
Like, I feel if you're very passionate about it, you probably have figured it out at this point.
Okay, and you had a week on the show.
Okay, let's move on.
I want to get into other kickoff topics for tonight.
And obviously the big thing going on in the gaming world has to do with the Switch 2 pre-orders.
They happened this last week, for better or for worse.
Some people, I think, had some mixed experiences.
Jamie, I'm pretty sure you didn't try for one.
You kind of made your...
I'm not really interested right now.
Yeah.
But Loki, I saw a bleep from you on Blue Sky.
You did try for this, right?
How did that experience go for you with the preordering of Switch 2?
It was messy because like there was a lot of this.
I mean, obviously we expected the sites and everything to like
DarkSakura,
you'd be able to get it into the cart and you'd be able to like put all your payment information in all that stuff and you hit go and then it's like oh sold out it's like okay but it's in the cart you can't you know how's it selling out already um and then I managed to get everything finally the process to a certain point and then they wiped all the carts
So at that point, I was like, okay, well, this sucks.
I'm just going to try through Walmart and Best Buy.
So Best Buy puts you in a queue that you have to wait.
And...
I just it just waited it never did anything beyond that Walmart was a little crazier too same thing where essentially you could put it in the cart hit you know process pay or whatever and they would just error out and they kept doing that back and forth and they would say one sold out one's in stock the bundles sold out the individuals in stock finally went back to Target again because it's like oh hey there's more available now and I finally managed to
I put it in the cart on my PC and I was able to process the transaction on the app on my phone.
So I did finally get one, but it was such a hassle.
It took like two hours when I was like right there at the start.
Like it wasn't there.
Like I got in a couple minutes late.
No, I was there to the second.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was my mistake with Target.
Target had my wrong address.
Yeah, so you make sure all that stuff's ready to go prior to actually launching.
That should help with some of that stuff because it was a mess.
It was all over the place.
But yeah, finally, I did get one.
And I did see that some people did manage to get one earlier on the night, but then had their orders canceled.
Thankfully, mine has not been canceled.
So I'm
Pretty safe now that it's about, you know, a week out that probably not going to cancel it, you know.
But that's the other thing, too, with the Walmart or the Target or one of those, that estimated delivery date kept getting pushed out, out, out, out.
So, you know, that's one of the things I know that we're going to be talking about is that, you know, Nintendo's like, well, we can't promise that you're going to have your console day one type thing.
I don't know.
Honestly, don't really care.
It could be the first week.
It doesn't matter.
Yeah.
But I'm just glad I was able to get one.
I feel like my story is a little bit less dramatic just because I was able to get through on Best Buy.
So the biggest problem with Best Buy is that it didn't go live right at 9 for us on the West Coast.
It didn't go live right at 9.
It didn't go live until like 9.24 or something like that.
It was at least a good 20 minutes after the fact that it finally went live.
You're just kind of sitting there reloading and then all of a sudden the button's available and then the button puts you in another queue.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
All things considered, it ended up being pretty low drama for me.
Now, other people, my understanding is it was not low drama.
I was watching on our Discord over at vognetwork.com.
People were sharing stories.
And at some point, the Best Buy queue kicked a bunch of people out.
Because I know Bobby got kicked out, which...
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is the weird thing.
I actually feel like all things considered, it went better than I expected it to.
And I know that sounds especially fucked up if you're one of the people out there that didn't get one.
And I'm very sorry.
And, you know, the system's being screwy.
Like, everybody's always like, the retailers need to put more power into it.
They need to put more power into it.
But it's like, it's kind of like the reality is it's not that easy where they can just turn the graphics up on level three or bring in the extra servers for one night type of thing.
Yeah.
They're never going to get this right.
Never, ever.
The only real solution is for this to be available at more retailers.
I'm kind of surprised Amazon wasn't one of the retailers.
But at the same time, I guess, you know, Amazon, Nintendo have history or whatever.
It is what it is.
Yeah, Rinmari in chat says, any high demand thing will be like this always.
Yeah, that's it.
OSG100Matt was also one of the people that got kicked out when Bobby got kicked out.
So a bunch of people got kicked out at some point, which is...
You know, annoying So yeah, it's just That's what it is And then apparently the GameStop thing For people that did that went pretty well Because that ended up being the next day So you had people that went in store And I know Shane was sharing his experience with me Because he was the only one I knew that went And he said they had like Between the two types of consoles Between the bundle and the non-bundle They had like 80 consoles to pre-order And there were only like 30 people in line
So, sounds like a lot of the GameStop people, I don't know, but again, he's in a very rural kind of area.
I don't know how those of you like in the Bay Area where tech is very popular, I don't know, the stories are probably very different.
But, yeah.
So anyway, it sounds like, you know, again, I was expecting it to be a lot worse.
I was expecting it to be like NES Classic or, you know, other types of Nintendo scarce things to be bad.
So I feel like it went better.
Oh, this is the other interesting thing.
So Alan pre-ordered one as well because he kind of wants one.
He's like, you know, yeah, I want a Switch 2.
Can we both get one?
I was like, all right, sure, why not?
So...
He was not able to get it because I think the credit card on Walmart or something was not working.
We recently switched bank accounts.
And so every time we were trying to process, it would come as a text message going, is this really you?
Please, that even happened to me the first time on Best Buy.
Thank God Best Buy held it for an extra 10 minutes while I could reply, yes, verify or whatever, and then get that through.
But the interesting thing with Alan, he was not able to get one.
Wednesday night, and then it was like, all right, well, whatever, you know, at least we got one.
But he got one last night through Walmart.
I guess the news came out on social media or somewhere that Walmart suddenly had extras in stock.
And we think the speculation is it's people who canceled or did something.
What, you want to tell the story, Alan?
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
with Target, it wouldn't save my shipping address and then because it's like, oh, you've never ordered from us before and I made sure the credit card number obviously was saved beforehand because why would I raw dog it with my hand?
and when it finally popped up and said verify your credit card number I put in the CVV2 on the back of the card because that's normally what you have to do for verification but no it was asking for the whole number so I put in the CVV2 and it gave Rob a fraud notification
and I realized, oh, it was literally asking for all 16 digits over again.
That was my shot on Target.
So I blew it.
That was the one time I went through.
It's fine.
We're not supposed to be shopping at Target anyway.
Yeah, I know.
There's no ethical, basically Best Buy except I'm sure they do something shady.
Anyway.
Yeah.
The rumor was... So I gave up.
Because once Rob... I was mostly the backup for Rob.
If Rob didn't get his at Best Buy, I was supposed to get one.
That way he could get what he wants.
Because that's always the most important thing.
So...
It was CheapAssGamer on BlueSky said, Walmart's doing checkouts right now.
The cart works in Walmart.
And I saw that on BlueSky.
I said, oh shit.
I used the app because the app is quicker.
And it went right through.
Add to cart, credit card, got a receipt.
So it's probably all the people whose credit cards declined.
You stole one of their Switch 2s.
Good job.
and I guess I snagged one of those and I told a friend in Chicago and all he did was click the add to cart once and it said this is a high ticket item so we're busy right now and he gave up and if you kept doing it
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Alright, well thank you for sharing the story, Alan, how that happened, because I wasn't home when that all went down.
I heard about this all through text message, so yeah.
Anyway.
Alright, thank you for the Alan cameo.
We appreciate it.
Have fun.
All right, so yeah, that was my Switch 2 experience.
So, Loki, you have some kind of like follow-ups to this whole, you know, what was going on online.
Yeah, I mean, it's not anything too shocking.
So, hey, guess what?
People are selling their pre-orders on eBay.
That's a thing already, of course, because Scalper's gonna scalp.
Well, okay, I'm gonna be honest.
Until I realized Alan actually wanted to switch two for himself, we did kind of get, we were like, well, if we end up with two, we could always resell one.
But I always would have, and I swear, I always would have, if a friend of mine needed it, I would have flipped it for the sticker price.
I would have turned it over to a friend first, but then if no friends wanted it, I would have been like, well, maybe I'll be a bitch.
We'll see.
Yeah, so there's that.
The other thing, too, is Nintendo has updated the website about pre-ordering a Switch 2 console, saying that there's very high demand and that they're not guaranteeing that all consoles will be delivered by the June 5th launch date.
This is, I think, on the actual Nintendo website with that whole invite process, which I still haven't gotten an email on, so I don't know if that's still a thing or not.
You know, with very few.
So I feel like there's not going to be a ton of people left for that Nintendo wave, but I guess maybe that's where the scalpers fuck everything up.
Who knows?
Yeah.
So, you know, obviously they're just kind of trying to like set the expectations that, hey,
There's high demand on this.
It's either going to deliver late or there may not have enough.
They're saying that we've received an extremely large number of applications, approximately 2.2 million people in Japan alone.
However, this number far exceeds our expectations and far exceeds the number of Switch 2 consoles that can be delivered from the My Nintendo store on June 5th.
um they said we expect that a significant number of customers will be selected when the winners are announced tomorrow uh which would have been three days ago so i don't know if everybody heard on my nintendo who's going to get a console or not but that apparently already happened um we'll see i don't know it's hard to say um
And then... I mean, this always happens, so I'm not surprised.
GameStop is accused of forcing customers to buy bundles.
I mean, it wasn't that long ago that I remember the Switch 1.
I've heard of these shenanigans happen before, yeah.
It happens almost every console launch, that they are...
And I get it, and I get it.
This is not GameStop policy.
Overwhelmingly, customers had a positive experience, according to GameStop.
There's a lot of factors here.
So one, if it's in store, we don't know what the employees are being incentivized on or what is being said there because it could be a whole toothpaste thing.
If it's online, we've seen this before.
They've done this forced bundle stuff with the Xbox 360 and stuff.
Granted, they're not making any sort of margin on these consoles at all, probably losing some money, so it makes sense from a business perspective to do this, but it still sucks.
I don't know.
I think there's a lot of people, a lot of people that, even though they don't buy it as a bundle, they buy the Mario Kart version and say, and then they're like, okay, you know what, while I'm here, I'm going to get a camera and I'm going to get a pro controller.
When it's forced on them, they don't like that.
What are you not getting?
No, I'm not getting is the friggin' $85 official Nintendo carrying case for it.
$85 for a carrying case?
That's pretty, yeah, that's pretty ice.
Like, I get it, the stuff that, you know, has electronics in it, and that being expensive, but something that is essentially fabric...
What am I paying for?
It's not that much of a premium item.
The Steam Deck comes with one, just heads up.
And it's a nice, solid carrying case.
And I get it.
That $85 carrying case is one that can hold the actual dock and everything as well.
I mean, big deal.
They have another one that is half the price.
That's still $40.
That's still twice as much as the third-party cases.
I don't get it.
$85 seems awfully high.
But, you know...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
were able to, except of course there's just a few people that didn't so of course I feel bad for those folks but I'm hoping that Nintendo wave will sort of fill in the rest of the folks that still really want one and even the people that missed the first go around so that's the hope so we'll see but it definitely seems like Nintendo has more product out there than they have with other consoles previously so it's come a long way from the days of camping out for a Nintendo Wii and Jamie bribing her way to the front of the line with Krispy Kreme and being recognized from the internet
there's that all right that'll never happen anymore us no not anymore no it was it was different in 2006 when like podcasts were still like a very new thing and very few people did them and that people thought it was a very cost prohibitive thing it was very different you know no there was a I'm sure I've told this story on the show before or Jamie both um some guy in line some guy in line was listening to our show while waiting in line
Oh my god, it's you!
Yeah, that happened to us once.
It's me.
Jamie and I were at an arcade together and a person working there recognized us by our voice.
I got invited to a DDR tournament in Metairie when it turned out I was going to be going to Alabama.
So I ended up going.
Yeah.
Which, yeah, that would never happen anymore.
Never.
You'd be surprised.
It could happen.
I guess it could.
It could.
But it would not.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, now, especially locally, once in a blue moon, it will be, why do you look familiar?
And I'll be like, have you ever seen a show at the Colonial?
Oh!
So once in a while, once in a while.
All right.
Hey, Brad.
Yeah, right.
Sorry, I couldn't help it.
That's a Rocky.
Not pod culture, Brad.
It's a Rocky thing.
Let's see.
The Gorilla72 in chat says, I felt bad.
I didn't really want one and got one.
LOL.
Eh, don't feel bad.
I mean, like, you know.
Just give it to me.
Yeah, give it to somebody who wants one.
Or, you know, if you do have a friend that maybe was really trying for one that couldn't get one, you could really be a lifesaver.
But also at the end of the day, maybe you'll get it and you'll be like, eh, I do kind of want one of these, you know.
Who knows?
You could be a hero.
DJ Ranma S says, Rob, don't forget that one time at KatsuCon where that vendor said, you're Rob Roberts from Originals Radio.
Yeah, it happens once in a while.
It's random.
It's random.
John's Incredible Pizza?
That was it.
That was the one I was talking about.
Yeah, when we were at the pizza place.
Yeah.
But that happened while we were doing it in line.
Yeah.
That was the thing.
I think you and I were bickering in line.
When I say bickering, I mean like Rose and Blanche on the Golden Girls, not like actual bickering.
It's like sibling stuff.
Anyway, all right.
We're going to get into our gaming week and talk about how was your gaming week and the types of games that you've been playing this week.
But as we're getting into that segment, so I see DJ Ranma S is in chat now.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
So I don't know what this is.
I'm going to open this and see what the hell this is while Jamie's talking so that we don't have dead air.
So I have the box.
I've already scissored the box open.
I just haven't opened the... Not that kind.
I have not opened the flaps to dig into the box.
Alright, well, so I'll talk about my gaming week.
I played some of the Blood Moon event for Dead by Daylight, and I guess I'm going to try to finish the Tome.
We'll see.
I haven't really been super hyper about wanting to play it lately, but I've done Palia, I have a third property, and I am trying to do more of the decorating glitches.
I've learned quite a bit about doing those glitches too so I think it'll work out really nicely and then I've also been playing Mass Effect I enjoyed that I did not play any Monster Hunter Wilds this week I just didn't feel like it I didn't want to deal with the confusing controls but other than that I'm still doing I beat my score again in Fruit Mountain this time I hit over 8000 points
which I mean for me kind of a hard thing but yeah that's about what I've been playing and doing just those things they are fun and I know what I like and those are what I like oh I did though pick up Resident Evil 4 remake for Steam because it's on sale right now it's like 50% off love it
I'm freaking out a little bit at what's in this box.
So you ready to see what's in the box?
I'm going to show you the first thing I saw as I was opening the box.
You ready?
Uh-oh.
Do you know what this is?
Do you know what Geass is?
It is the graphic environment operating system for the Commodore 64.
And do you remember how I said this box is very heavy?
Yeah.
Did he get you a Commodore 64?
Oh my god.
Sorry for the silence, folks, but I'm unwrapping.
This is a yellowed, grotesque...
I'm assuming still working.
Commodore 64.
That is incredible.
Ranma, don't spend your money on this kind of stuff for me.
Thank you.
This is wild.
Because, yeah, I've mentioned on the show before...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know.
There's assorted software in here.
Oh, Ranma says my friend was going to toss it.
That's... Okay, so you didn't have to pay a lot of money, hopefully.
My goodness.
Well, thank you.
Thank you.
This is incredible.
What's in this other?
Is this like disk drives?
Well...
I'm not going to pull it out of the box because that's the heavy part.
It's a fucking Commodore 64 disk drive in there.
So yeah, I'm not going to pull everything out of the box because I want to be able to set this later without messing up the floor in my room.
And there's assorted software in here too.
So this is...
This is incredible, because if I can find discs, I don't know if you can find five and a quarter discs.
Maybe you have to order them online or something, but I should be able to write Commodore 64 software to it or something.
That's incredible.
Ranma, thank you so much.
I bet you that Amazon has some still somewhere.
Well, also, don't they make ultra-thin drives?
They probably do.
Yeah, there's probably like other types of peripherals now for sure.
I think Bobby stays up on that a little more than I do, so I'll have to see.
But I'm sure online enthusiast community for sure.
Now I just have to figure out where I'm going to set this up or to what CRT TV.
But I'll figure it out.
I'll figure it out.
There's converters.
I remember playing a lot of Millipede on that at my –
She's technically my step-aunt, but I called her my cousin.
Yeah.
But we played a lot of Villapede.
A lot.
I see her comment in Chad DarkSakura.
It was my birthday, but Rob got the presents.
To be fair... I was teasing.
I know you're teasing.
I know you're teasing.
But to be fair, everybody knows what a hardcore Commodore 64 enthusiast I was.
And that's wild.
You know what's... Actually, Rama, I have not seen...
Alan, have you overheard what was in this box?
Isn't that wild?
Yeah.
So I have not seen one of the original, original 64s in a long time.
Ours broke.
And so we actually had a 64C.
There was like a white reprinting of them.
Think like a PlayStation Pro or something.
There was a white reprinting of them that looked very different.
That was the one that we had more often.
I haven't seen an original, original Commodore 64 like in a very long time.
So that's wild.
Thank you, Rama.
Thank you.
I really do appreciate that.
I sent him a picture earlier this week of Cheddar sitting on top of the box going, Cheddar wants whatever's in here.
Is it chicken?
Funny.
All right.
They can have the box.
Cheddar and Oreo can have the box.
All right.
Let's get into other gaming weeks.
I'm sorry for the disruption, but also not sorry.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I mainly just played Minecraft.
It was a lot of... It was busy, but not like...
doing things.
We updated our server to 121.5, and so that was a major pain in the ass last night because it just didn't want to... It's still not functioning quite right.
It keeps resetting chunks and stuff, which is annoying.
But I think we got it all worked out now.
And then outside of that, I've been just mainly prepping my brand new retro...
Emulation Handheld.
I don't know if you can see it, but it's a little device that runs Android and has cool Hall Effects Analog 6 and basically set up like a modern controller.
And this thing will run everything up to the Switch.
I can do Switch emulation.
That's how underpowered the Switch is!
That this little Android device can also emulate Switch games.
So I have been working on getting together a ROM set for all of that stuff.
It's been fun.
Oh, but here's the best part.
And here's the goal.
The thing that I would love to be able to accomplish.
So, I saw a video online of somebody running on a GPD2, which I think is a really underpowered... I think it's Intel Atom or something like that.
It's a little PC, micro PC thing.
It was running Final Fantasy XI.
Now, it was running it connected to a private server.
that was also running on that device so I'm like if that thing can do that then I can get that thing to do that um in fact actually they do have PC emulators um that can run on that that are capable of running the PC version of Grand Theft Auto 5 so if it can run Grand Theft Auto 5 it should be able to handle Final Fantasy 11 at least that's my thought process here um
I would love to put, actually, Grand Theft Auto 4 on there if I could.
But I'm ready to see what I can do with this thing.
Like, how I can max this out.
I've got a 1TB card that's going to go into it, so it's a lot of room for things.
Nice.
Nice.
Yeah.
Alright.
Let's see.
My gaming week.
I was talking about the mobile games already.
I already talked a little bit about Elder Scrolls IV Remastered.
I did play a little bit of that.
Definitely want to do a little more, although I got to get to the other new stuff that came out last week.
One of the other things I've been playing quite a bit of is Final Fantasy XIV.
I know, what a shock.
But there was a new patch that came out last week.
It was a mini patch, but it was for a feature that they had announced for this expansion that I was really looking forward to.
It's called Cosmic Exploration.
And when they first, first announced it, I thought it was going to be similar to Island Sanctuary, which was in last expansion's content, which I really enjoyed.
And I was really excited.
I was like, oh, they're going to let us like build and terraform like a planet now.
No, it actually didn't turn out like that.
It's a little more...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So this mode is really geared towards that to give the people that really enjoy the crafting and gathering something to kind of pour themselves into as there is like a server-based competition to build things for the moon.
That's a throwback to like the fucking – what was that old school WoW thing that everybody had to turn in the wool to open up the tomb of –
Anub'Arak?
Was that it?
Or something?
I think so.
One of those early, early things, like the raid.
You know, everybody on the server had to raid.
It's kind of like that.
You're building across servers, the different things contributing to it.
But the guild lev system was something that was in the original game that they kind of went away from.
Guild levs are basically...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and put that into this so that it it's not like you're doing the same type of crafting over and over it's different from foundation because you don't have to go get the materials then craft them you actually are given them and you have to kind of craft everything it's kind of it's kind of interesting um I don't want to bore those of you that don't play the game they also put crafting fates into it which I thought was really kind of clever you don't actually like furiously craft things but you sort of have a different mechanic that you use um so it's neat so yeah
It just goes to show there's more in the game than just the battle stuff, and I think it's kind of neat that they put this whole different mode in it.
That all being said, I don't know if there's a lot of longevity in this, but if you're into crafting and gathering, there is a bit of a grind for a really good, like if you're a miner like I am, and you want to get the best pickaxe in the game, the relic pickaxe, you can grind in this mode and you'll get it.
So the rewards are worth it, but it's just going to be very grindy.
They do have roulette wheels that give you some pretty cool prizes, though.
Like some orchestrations from a lot of the songs people really wanted from the last expansion, like a new mount and a couple new pets, you know, cute things like that that people always love to collect.
And they finally came out with some new dye colors that are also in this.
So, you know, a little reason for people to keep going.
But that made up the bulk of my gaming week.
I did play some games with friends.
I was playing, you know, a little bit of Tetris because I could always... I also played Grandmaster 4 this week.
I always forget.
I play that on my Steam Deck.
That's probably the most played game on my Steam Deck right now.
I played F-Zero GX recently.
I played it in emulator and it looked better, but then my friend also got his old GameCube and hooked it up and we were playing F-Zero GX and that was really cool.
So...
Oh, Jamie, do you know what I played this week on a PlayStation?
I played Rival Schools.
What?
Yeah, I thought you'd get a kick out of that.
All right, that's it.
That's it for my gaming week.
We can move on and get into some gaming news and what else is going on in the gaming world.
Loki, we will start with you.
Funny enough, I was just talking about my retro game handheld I have.
So I got a Retro Pocket Flip 2.
One of the other major players in the retro emulation space is Amberdick.
And Amberdick actually has just announced that they are going to stop all US shipments
Over tariffs, which makes sense because there's a ridiculous percentage of tariffs for products coming from China and essentially that it's going to make it not affordable for them to actually import it.
We strongly recommend prioritizing products shipped from our U.S.
warehouse so they still have product in the United States so that people can buy without tariffs.
But anything beyond that, once they sell through that, they're not going to be shipping anymore back to the United States until the whole tariff situation goes away, which...
It could be a few years from now.
I mean, we're going to see a massive impact with that, like store shelves being bare and prices going up and all that type of stuff.
The worst is yet to come.
For a lot over here.
Right.
Congress could end this tomorrow.
They could?
Yep.
Yeah, I know.
It's unfortunate.
It's one thing to be talking about video games, but I think there's a lot of things people are looking for, you know, a lot of household items and household electronics that people are going to be a little bit shocked or they're going to suddenly disappear and they're going to be like, how did this happen?
Yeah, I mean, and that's why these devices, piracy aside, are great because essentially it's kind of an all-in-one type thing and it's somewhat affordable to be able to emulate your systems.
Plus, you can get, I mean, like I said, this one right here, which was, you know, about 200 bucks.
Thanks for watching!
people are gonna go that route and then on top of that you look at like you know other games like I understand that Oblivion you know being remastered re-released or whatever again um it still wasn't a $70 game it could have been but they charged you know $49.99 for it uh Claire Obscura uh same thing you know that wasn't a full price game either and it's excellent so like
There's other options.
Eventually, when there's a bunch of games coming out for $80, $90, and those games come out unfinished, or they're just not that great, bad writing, whatever the case may be, everyone's going to start going back towards indie again, where the prices are reasonable, and hopefully the market then settles back down, but I don't know.
Yeah, I kind of agree with you that the bubbles, like we're going to see another video game crash, but not in the same way that it crashed in 84.
It's going to crash for the AAAs, but not for, excuse me, I should say it's going to crash for the quadruple A's.
Except for Nintendo.
Nintendo will always be immune to this behavior.
But I think a lot of these big budget games are, you know, they're not going to sell to the extent that, you know... And I'm even curious, you know, yeah, sure, the Switch 2's kind of sold through and sold out real quick, but...
How many was that at the end of the day?
I'm sitting here giving Nintendo a lot of credit going, well, they must have had more to go through and they got it right.
Well, or was there maybe actually less people going for it?
It doesn't feel like it based on social media, but I also follow a lot of gamers on social media.
So, I don't know.
It's hard to tell.
It's hard to tell.
All right.
Well, Loki brought up Oblivion Remastered, and of course, so did I. We've been talking about it.
I don't have to sit here and tell you that, surprise, it came out this week.
But let's talk a little bit about the release.
So the Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion was remastered.
Bethesda brought in an external developer, Virtuos, that worked on this.
Um, you know, obviously there were the leaks and the website stuff and all that stuff, but you know, whatever, it happened.
Uh, the game did release on PC via Steam, uh, but also the Xbox app, if you want to get it that way.
It released on Xbox Series S and X, and it is on the PlayStation 5.
So, you know, Sony, uh, or excuse me, Microsoft putting this out on Sony platforms, even though, uh, Elder Scrolls is a Microsoft product now because of, uh, Microsoft's ownership of Bethesda.
Oblivion Remastered is also on Game Pass and that was admittedly why I jumped right into it the game will include the Knights of the Nine and the Shivering Isles expansion there are extras that are available if you do want to pick that up and yes
Horse Armor DLC is one of those things that you can buy, which is sort of a parody of itself, because if you think about it, Horse Armor is a big part of the reason why gaming is the way it is now.
And I say that because Elder Scrolls Oblivion 4 was a early, early game.
I think a release game, actually, on the Xbox 360.
It was close to release.
It came out within a month, a few months later.
Yeah, like April of 2006, I think.
The Horse Armor did exist.
Yeah, there was, but this was special horse armor.
It was horse armor like no other.
And now this is almost standard for almost any AAA game that comes out.
Has some type of horse armor, whether that's transmog for your main character or something special in the game that's cosmetic.
This is a very standard sort of thing now that you see in every game.
So...
It's not really a huge surprise to see that Horse Armor has also made its way to the Elder Scrolls Oblivion Remastered.
I did not see, however, how much the Horse Armor cost.
Do we know that yet?
I thought that was included with the DLC, because it came with all the DLC.
I think it was, if you got a deluxe edition of the game, you could get that.
I thought that the extra... So I think it still does come with all of the DLC, but there's additional skins or additional horse armor skins and player skins for...
are also available, I think, if I remember correctly.
Let's see here.
So I'm looking at the Steam page and there is a digital deluxe edition or the regular Raymaster.
And I don't see any other DLC.
I just see a $10 deluxe upgrade.
The deluxe upgrade includes...
Armor of Order and Armor of Cataclysm, Weapons of Order and Weapons of Cataclysm, and Horse Armor in the Order and Cataclysm variations.
And the Order one looks very similar to the classic Horse Armor from the original.
It's new, though.
It's not the same.
No, it is not the same.
You're right.
It is not the same.
It's new Horse Armor.
Yeah.
They're doing it again.
They're selling you Horse Armor again.
Damn it, Todd Howard!
Damn it!
Well, you know, y'all could always just not buy it.
or or here's something you know like even though they don't support modding supports mods you don't need to buy horse armor it does literally get horse armor for free it does and i think uh i know alan will be jumping on that as soon as they release mods for the good stuff you know like nude mods and uh i mean he likes ui mods he likes ui mods that's what i'm saying like even though like they'll offer you free horse armor and they'll make your horse's ass fatter so like it's it is
The modding community will give you a lot more than Bethesda will.
If it's not already out, can we get a fat fucking ass mod for the game, which makes everybody's ass fatter, but also the horses, the rats, everybody's ass just gets fatter.
Every ass is bigger.
Juicy ass mod.
It's thick.
Yeah, T-H-I-C-C.
Thick mode.
Thickum's mode.
I love that.
All right.
Well, DarkSakura, why don't you tell us about another game that maybe we want thick asses in?
Are you sure?
Maybe.
It's Sonic.
So Sonic and Shadow Generations is coming to Switch 2.
They have just announced this.
Well, actually they announced it
much earlier in the month.
But it's already on the Switch right now, but they really want to have this one to come forward on the new system.
That's also Yakuza 0, Director's Cut, Raido Remastered, POPO Tetris 2S, and Two Point Museum as well.
Those are also included on the list.
But the big one is Shadow and Sonic.
So there you go.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
are on those digital unlock cards where the game isn't even on the card, it's just the digital unlock.
Apparently first party is pretty much all on cartridges, but third parties, like almost all of them are digital unlock cards, which I'm sure you're thrilled to hear.
Yeah, of course, because when the servers go down, that's going to be so wonderful that they're going to have that available.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Y'all, anytime a console is unhackable, that just raises the bar.
It's going to take them time, but there will come a time, there will come a day where people hack that thing open so that you can sideload content in there and people will figure out how to rip that download stuff in the store and be able to sideload it on the Switch 2.
They won't figure it out in the first day, and certainly if you don't want Nintendo to sue your ass, your fat ass, then you don't want to do that within the first, you know, pretty much during the life of the Switch 2, essentially.
But,
It's going to happen.
And so that's how these games will ultimately get preserved.
And it is really fucking weird that I'm saying we're relying on the modding and the piracy community to help us preserve games.
But that is exactly what I'm saying in a weird sort of way.
And I think it will get there.
It's just going to take a little time.
So because again, you shouldn't you shouldn't be sideloading games the first day.
That's just straight up piracy.
And that doesn't support, you know, the people that make the games and all that.
It's also not that many Switch 2 games that you could be sideloading or pirating anyways day one.
So like.
That's got to wait for a few years.
There's nothing to download yet.
Ranmar A68K in chat says, I mean, let's be real.
Corporations don't care about game preservation.
That's up to the community.
For the most part, yes.
There are some companies I feel like have gone a little ways to try to make this better.
I feel like Microsoft's actually one of the better ones, which is weird because that wasn't always their MO, you know, when they got rid of the backwards compatibility for Xbox 360 and Xbox One.
But then they really made an effort to go back and do a lot of that.
and I feel like also ironically they own Blizzard now and Blizzard's been very good at preserving their catalog like they remaster it but they also have it in a way that you can preserve it they let good old games have Diablo you know which is also a big preservation thing so I do feel like there are some companies that recognize I think it also helps that Phil Spencer's gone on record saying he recognizes the importance of it
but I do agree for the most part most corporations don't give a shit or they want to be able to continue to sell it to you for some time which in a way I mean again looking at Microsoft Bethesda that's kind of what Elder Scrolls Oblivion Remastered is it's a way to sell you a 20 year old game all over again but of course I say sell because Game Pass is a big draw for that I feel like this game is getting a lot of traction off Game Pass but there's a lot of people playing it on PlayStation 5 as well so
but the good news is I will say this the good news is if you want to get the original Oblivion you still can it is being sold in tandem with the remaster you can still get the OG 2006 Oblivion which is cool but at this point honestly unless you really are looking for the Mr. Potato Head faces like the remastered is all the same bugs you remember but
They didn't fix that.
I do kind of like that.
I mean, I get it.
We've all gaslit ourselves into accepting bugs now.
It's so wild.
I like buggy games in the sense that it makes it so I can exploit them.
And that's what makes it fun for me.
You always have.
That's one of the things I used to like.
You were the one person that was like, Driver 3 is awesome, but not for the races you think.
it was so like here's how I play my only memories of Oblivion I didn't play much of Oblivion when it came out on console even though it was yeah like on Xbox 360 and stuff like that and I remember playing it day one and all that but
like here's how I play because I didn't understand what I was supposed to do in the game so I ended up joining like the thieves guild and then once you're in there like all the items that are on the shelves aren't you know stolen anymore so you could just take it all and so that's what I do I'd go into someone's house and I just take all the stuff and I take it to the store and go sell it and then there was like I think a dupe glitch at the time to like duplicate armor and everything and
I don't remember any of that, so...
I guess I'll get to play this game legit the first time you know that I think for some people is the entire charm of Elder Scrolls it's also for other people the biggest turnoff of Elder Scrolls is that you do have that ability to literally do anything in the open world and you can just fuck off the main game you can just say I don't want to play the main game I just want to I just want to murder people and try to get away with it and that's what that was a
Thanks for watching!
and why The Elder Scrolls 6 is taking fucking forever because they've set such a bar for themselves when it comes to this wide open world.
And I really hope to hell, I really hope to hell they don't use generative AI to try to fill in the gaps, especially with Quest.
I...
I sort of trust the Elder Scrolls to know that people are going to see right through that and are going to, you know, and it's been taking them this long.
So you hope a lot of it has been cooked up and they're not going to rely on AI, generative AI anyway, to come up with quests and books and things like that.
Because, you know, they have radiant quests, which were lame.
Yeah, I remember that where it's like, go to this place and get this thing.
And it was just that over and over.
So we'll see, but it's interesting to see how this is all new again.
All right.
Anyway, where were we?
Loki, let's go back to your next story.
All right.
Sorry, I'm being distracted.
The cat's over here.
Great reason to be distracted.
Skate 4.
I don't know why this is a shock, or the Skate reboot, whatever we're going to call it.
Skate, I guess.
It's coming out, I think, later this year, actually.
And it's going to be online only.
Why is that?
Because it's a live service game, so duh.
It is...
There is not going to be an offline version of the game, EA said.
The game and city are designed to be a living, breathing, massively multiplayer skateboarding sandbox that is always online and always evolving and always full of microtransactions.
I'm sorry, that was my bit added there.
Yeah, I'm not surprised.
I mean, once I heard it was a live service game, I was like, yeah, of course.
Of course it is.
So...
Well, this is somewhat a dangerous stance for companies to take now with what's going on with Ubisoft and the crew.
It can't function offline.
It's SimCity.
The odd line is integral to its functionality.
It cannot work offline.
Man, I wish we would get a new SimCity game to just erase the taste from our mouths of what happened with the last one.
I'm going to attempt to list this kitty up here.
She does not like being held.
Is this the kitty that roams from house to house?
It's our kitty, basically, now.
Aw.
There she is.
Hi, kitty.
Oh, no.
The camera's kind of glitching a little bit, but we can get a sense.
We can get a sense.
Your green screen is just thinking that parts of the cat are green, but that's all right.
Oh, yeah.
She's a pretty kitty.
Okay.
All right.
Bye, kitty.
Aw.
The baby!
Please clip the cat sighting.
Thank you.
All right.
Um, let's move on.
I find this very interesting.
It's also not surprising whatsoever.
Um, it has to do with, um, video game journalism online, people's favorite topics, right?
Apparently, uh, this, and this is a story to be fair that I got off Reddit on a website called thegamebusiness.com that's running this report.
Not a website I'm super familiar with.
It's not like, uh, it was a gameindustry.biz or, you know, one of those big sites.
But I...
Just in my own consumption of journalism online, and I think a lot of your own ways you consume gaming media, I think you can see how a story like this makes a lot of sense.
So apparently, based on data from the press engine, the top 135 video game websites published over 635,000 articles.
so when we're talking about major outlets we mean IGN, GameSpot, Famitsu, Eurogamer 635,000 articles that's actually a drop
of 13%, 100,000 articles less than the same period, quarter one in 2024.
And that's even with the Switch 2 announcement.
Although I guess, no, that wasn't until quarter two, so maybe we can't count that.
But still, you would still expect there'd be a lot.
This means reviews, news, guides, features, codes, and all of that different stuff.
Press Engine, what this is, this is a PR tool.
That if you're a developer, if you're a publisher, you use this to send out game codes and press releases to journalists and content creators through this press engine.
But apparently in the press engine, they've actually seen the number of press contacts, nearly 3000 of them, about 2900, disappear from the database over two years.
DarkSakura, Luke, Carameldansen
So, the industry's perspective on this is that the games media is apparently scaling back coverage of games outside the big AAA games.
And this is very harmful to indie games, smaller games, other games, trying to make a name for themselves.
In a quote from Gareth Williams, the founder of the Press Engine...
Thank you for watching.
I'll see you next time.
And it's interesting, I think, because we live in this era of a lot of Twitch influence, YouTube influence, TikTok influence.
Because that's one thing I'm realizing with this Oblivion remaster.
I'm seeing a lot of content for Oblivion remaster on TikTok.
Now, granted, I've probably fallen into that algorithm now because I've watched enough of it.
But I'm seeing these things.
It's like, fine, the strongest helmet in the game as soon as you come out of the dungeon.
And so he's going, you just go to this point on your map.
Or it'll be people showing bugs.
I can't tell you.
I've seen at least five videos where people are like, here's the bug in 2006.
Here's the bug in 2025.
And it's like the same thing.
And it's a lot of that on TikTok.
And I also feel like short form bugs.
Social media, meaning things like X for people for whatever reason that still choose to use that, and Blue Sky and Mastodon, that short form social media has really stepped in for a lot of this.
Just curious out there, a little informal poll in chat.
How many of you were getting your Switch 2 pre-order information from a Wario64, from a cheap-ass gamer, from a social media person?
How many of you were getting your stuff from that?
I bet an awful lot of you were getting that stuff from social media.
because that is now and it's interesting because the thing with social media is because you're limited to only what 300 characters on Blue Sky and it's similar on Mastodon and the others because it's similar these social media posts have to get to the fucking point
And that's been a big frustration with a lot of other types of gaming journalism.
We all know on YouTube, they never get to the fucking point, right?
You gotta watch five minutes of bullshit to get this.
And then, you know, the... The...
words escape me at this moment sometimes even like articles and stuff you know the clickbait headline you'll never believe what game just fucking got delisted and it talks here's how the Xbox store works here's that and then finally there'll be like a throwaway and it's like this game that none of you have ever heard of
E3VL E3VL
DarkTetsuya said, both them and the Switch-centric blogs I follow on BlueSky.
PodCulture says, I got my info from y'all.
Well, that's sweet.
Thank you.
I guess I have to remember, there are a few of you out there who really do get your little gaming dose here on this show, and we appreciate that and hope you were able to get a Switch if you wanted one.
So...
Renmari says, I just follow one particular person who covers a ton of Japanese games.
Well, that also makes sense.
If there's somebody that's really into a genre or a type, like, especially I would imagine like fighting games.
If you want to see every like fighting game character that's going to be released or every, you know, that really like hyper focuses on that genre, every costume, there's probably some social media accounts that really do that a lot better than maybe the more general ones or a
That's another kind of perk about short form social media, wherever you're consuming it, is that you get a lot of people that are very tailored to your interests.
Sorry, I'm giggling because live here on Twitch, Loki is out feeding the cats or something.
And the way the green screen works, once in a while, he just fuses into the oblivion scene.
And I'm getting Nick Arcade flashbacks.
Anyway, it's just kind of funny.
All right.
Ranmari says, because even when sites like IGN do cover my usual niches, it's obviously often with a ton of ignorance.
I don't necessarily disagree, but I do feel like a lot of sites are getting better.
I think a lot of sites realize they've been called out on this over the years.
and I've tried to get more in tune with people and this is why hiring diverse journalists is very helpful because you get a lot of diverse tastes, diverse perspectives and why I think more websites out there are succeeding in this department.
Not always and I'm sure you can cite some examples where they are not getting it right but I do feel like overall I see a lot of gaming blogs and places are being a little more accurate and
Faithful in tune with what the fans want in certain genres, at least again compared to, say, 2006 or whatever.
But anyway, I found that story very interesting, and it's definitely showing a way that things are changing online.
You know, just...
On a quick tangent relating things to the real world, again on TikTok, you know that guy, I'm sure you've all seen him on your TikTok feed at some point if you use TikTok.
I'm sure you've seen him on your feed at some point, that Aaron Parnas who comes through.
We have breaking news.
We have news on the Trump terrorist.
He's this young guy.
He's like 25 years old and he's really mastered working that TikTok algorithm where there are legitimately a ton of people that are getting news from him.
and people like him because there's, you know, now a lot of people are knocking that off.
There's a lot of people getting their news or and he's probably not the first to do it, to be fair, but he is the one that has been the most prolific out there on TikTok.
There are people that get their news from him versus traditional media versus USA Today or the New York Times versus even CNN or Fox News or MSNBC.
It's kind of unlocking this whole other way that people consume news, which I just I just think that stuff is very fascinating.
so anyway but there's always time for a movie so we'll go to our next story, DarkSakura so yeah we are looking at a Michael Bay movie I don't know how I feel about that another one Sidney Sweeney and Michael Bay are going to be doing an Outrun video game it is a video game, Outrun movie
they are producing it basically going through just a driving fun time and outrun they're saying it's going to be going through Universal the screenplay is being written by Jason Rothwell who did Polar and Arachnid I don't know how I feel about that either but yeah
We'll see if it actually happens or if it'll be any good.
I don't have my hopes up very high, but then again, video game media in general has been surprisingly good the last few years.
Again, you say Michael Bay and I go, but maybe it'll have some really good special effects.
Maybe they want to get that fast in the furious audience, although that's also a universal product.
So I don't know.
Maybe this is something they want to put out in the off years.
I don't know.
Um,
It's just such a weird property to come back, but at the same time, it can be fun.
Right?
I think an OutRun movie can be fun.
I think... I mean, it's universal.
It's Michael Bay.
I mean, it's essentially they're making Fast and the Furious again, but just different.
But with a Ferrari.
I agree that it's a...
It better be a four.
Off year for Fast and the Furious.
And they've made so many of those movies.
So many.
How many Fast and Furious movies are there?
Aren't there like 12 at least?
50,000.
It's over 10.
I know that.
Oh my God.
Wild, wild, wild.
Okay.
If they get any more Fast or Furious, they'll be in another dimension.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about this story.
Loki.
All right.
So anyways, we've got... Why is my screen not coming up?
Ubisoft.
You know, they are data harvesting now.
Because, I mean, why not?
Just throw it on top of the pile of all the bad things that they do.
So they've been fined 79 million euro.
And essentially that they found that they are doing some hidden data harvesting stuff.
there is basically the complaint centers on Far Cry Primal and Assassin's Creed Shadows which required an internet connection despite being offline experiences and the lawsuit is alleging that Ubisoft is using this to siphon off players gaming habits um
basically say that one user noted that Far Cry Primal noticed the game pinged external servers including those of Amazon and Google 150 times in 10 minutes.
I'm not really sure what their their I thought it was for authentication but who knows.
Um, yeah, interesting to see what comes out of this, if that's the case, if they actually find... I mean, obviously, they're facing a fine of $79 million.
I don't think it's been actually determined whether or not they're at fault yet, but... Right.
I don't know.
It's weird that they would...
Be stealing data or something like... I mean, it's not weird that they'd be doing that, but I thought that these servers were mainly for authentication, which is ridiculous.
It's like an anti-piracy thing, essentially.
Or to incorporate Ubisoft Plus or whatever the hell that they had in their Ubisoft Club or something.
I don't know.
We'll see.
I would not be surprised if it comes out that they're stealing people's data, too.
Why not?
I mean, because...
They're a terrible company.
Yeah.
And like, or, you know, that I think sometimes maybe the intentions weren't necessarily dubious, but there's a lot of ignorance that comes to it.
Well, let's just, you know, run this thing and maybe this will be useful at some point.
And they don't really think about like what, how that can be perceived by the people playing the games.
And I think maybe that'll...
FOMO's Mofo
Outrun 2006 Coast to Coast
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Last Christmas I got an Evercade.
And I tried to play those cartridges and it said, womp womp, these cartridges are licensed for handheld use only.
Like I couldn't play them on my Versys and I was like, that's a bunch of bullshit.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Apparently that situation has been rectified.
And I thought something was weird because as you may or may not know, I picked up this Evercade versus, I'm sorry, this Evercade arcade machine that sits behind me.
My big head covers it when we tape.
But I have a Mega Man branded machine because it has some Capcom titles, including Strider, Final Fight, and the two Mega Man fighting games are built into that Evercade machine.
And you can see there are two cartridges, those little white lines behind me on Twitch.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
or they have worked out these rights issues so yeah a post in the official Evercade group on Facebook said obviously the Namco carts worked on the Evercade versus but apparently on April 16th there was a some update that happened and now Evercade replied and said all cartridges are now compatible please check our website for any frequently asked questions so that's great
I'm surprised they're not making a bigger deal out of that, but I don't know if those cartridges are easy to find.
I feel like those cartridges might be out of print.
I think that was part of the reason I was jumping on getting them was that they were going to stop printing those cartridges.
But yay, I'm glad they work now.
By the way, I have other news on the Evercade front, though, if you don't have one yet.
Guess what?
US orders are being paused.
Apparently, Evercade has said, because Evercade is a UK company, they are, quote, taking a cautious approach to the situation by, quote, temporarily stopping any new orders and pre-orders for US customers.
Until we know more, we do not want to put customers at risk of unexpected charges.
And that's in a statement from Funstock.
As soon as the situation is clearer, we'll release a statement on our shipping policies going forward.
This pause in service will be effective from Monday, the 28th of April and means that customers in the U.S.
will not be able to make new orders on our website.
I'm going to guess that they're going to pass off any tariff costs directly to the consumer as an additional tax, which you think that would piss me off, but it's not Evercade's fault.
Y'all know whose fault it is.
Congress could end this tomorrow.
But they won't.
Yeah, I like the way Rin Mari in chat puts this.
Doofus J. Tariffs.
That's right.
Doofus J. Tariffs.
All right.
Let's go to a non-doofy part of the show.
It's a chance for DarkSakura to take a trip down memory lane.
Let's roll the bump.
DarkSakura.com
but it works it's for Nintendo DS it's the Korg DS10 synthesizer and I kind of got a little inspired watching it because I was watching this guy I always mix his name David Horowitz who puts out interesting videos
instrument samplers, VST units for typical DAWs, like Logic Pro.
What's the other ones?
not Serato DJ there's the other one Pro Tools I think is the other one but anyway this is a music creation program and it emulates the core MS synthesizers
When people usually talk about the Korg MS-10, it's a single oscillator monosynth.
This adds the sync that the Korg MS-20 doesn't have.
So this was released originally in Japan on July 27, 2008, October 10, 2008 in Europe, and November 4, the same year in the United States.
there's a newer DSi compatible version called the Korg DS10 Plus that was released in 2009 but we're talking about this one so basically it creates sound with two analog synthesizer emulators each with two voltage controlled oscillators where the Korg MS-10 had only one VCO
um it has a sawtooth a pulse a triangle and noise waveform there's a four-part drum machine um that uh uses the same techniques as the synthesizers the um you can of course tweak them with virtual knobs change the value of the synthesizer parameters like cut off waveform shape you know just the typical stuff that you would have on like a you know any DAW um
But with the interface, since you're using the touchscreen, you can use your finger to move things around, to change your position.
And it simulates, using a stylus, it simulates the Korg Chaos Pad, which is another touchscreen Korg sampler and audio processor.
It came out in 1999.
Pretty cool.
um you can record 21 sessions with 16 different step patterns um with either live input or through a sequencer i mean this is fairly fairly you know for for something that is coming up on almost 20 years old we're still using these same things today when i make music and i'm playing with an eq
I mean, or with any sort of software instrument.
I'm usually tweaking the same type of stuff this is talking about.
But the effects it has available is a chorus, a flanger, a flanger, sorry, I always get the word bad, a delay parameter, which, I mean, again, that's standard fare.
And you can edit the drum sounds, so they'll have different effects globally.
So it did get a great review.
82 out of 100 on Metacritic, 85% on GameRankings.
IGN gave it a low score, the lowest score, even though it wasn't very low, 7.1 out of 10 and said, quote, it isn't standalone full-featured music software, however, sorry, but other reviewers get very positive scores.
I mean, basically, this is a great little synthesizer to have on the go.
It's
You can make tons of music with it.
The example I saw today was actually using this and then some software that was made specifically for the Game Boy to use its in-system instruments and did a nice little ditty out of the two.
So there were follow-ups.
There was the Korg M-O-N-D that came out for the 3DS and the eShop.
That was in 2013.
And it had sounds from the Korg M1 and sounds from the Korg O1W.
In 2014, Korg DSN12 came out on 3DS that focused, and I quote, the user creating their own unique synth sounds from scratch and had a 3D oscilloscope screen that let you visualize your sounds.
But, yeah.
Honestly, I probably want to
go pick this up and I'm sure I can find it pretty easily but especially with the fact I've been making my own stuff a lot lately I think this is a fun tool and it does it really is a full functioning system you are going to need a few other bells and whistles a few other accessories to get the most out of it but there you go
I still think that's pretty rad that like all these years later, this is still a very functional sort of music making system to be using.
Kind of ironic because, you know, we had the Commodore 64 cameo earlier in the show, thanks to DJ Ranma S.
and I sort of see that in a similar thing too is that one of the best things that Commodore 64 still has going for all of these years later fucking 40 years later after it was released is that it makes some fucking incredible chiptune music that musicians today still use and I think the same could be said of a platform like this so you know I was that name I was referring to was David Hillowitz hmm
Um, and, you know, I actually, I'm just gonna, for those of us who are here, um, in chat, I'm gonna link his YouTube.
But, um, it's David Hillowitz Music.
It's H-I-L-O-W-I-T-Z.
He basically, he did that whole series using, um, the Game Boy and the DS.
Yes.
to make music and put that, you know, live up on how he does it and so that other people can do it.
But one thing I like is that he goes in and finds like interesting instruments out there and samples them.
Like one of them was Casio's vaporwave guitar or an Omnicord, Casio keyboards, old mandolins, just kind of a toothbrush.
He made samples from a toothbrush.
but this one when I saw that was there I was like oh this is so cool so I absolutely suggest finding that video on his channel and giving it a watch but he goes a lot into this particular game as well
All right.
Cool pick.
I mean, yeah, maybe it's more of an application for the system, but they put it on a game cart.
I still say it fits.
It's a good choice.
I reckon you could play with it.
That's right.
I used to say playing with the piano when I'm just sitting there diddling out a song, so why not?
All right.
Anyway, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Just a little bit more for you.
We didn't have a ton of news this week, surprisingly, but we do have some rapid fire hits to get to, so Loki.
yeah so this is kind of fun so you may remember back they i think it was for the playstation anniversary the 30th anniversary they had put up some limited time skins for your playstation 5 that kind of you know did like the playstation 1 buddha playstation 2 playstation 3 and stuff like that but it was only a limited time thing um but now they've uh with a new patch they brought them back
So you can actually keep them on your console now and boot up with those classic themes.
Pretty cool.
I like that.
Nice.
Let's move on to Dark Sakura.
We have a Wheel of Time open world RPG adaptation.
I know no one asked for this, but it looks like it's going to happen.
I mean...
People love Robert Jordan's books.
There was a first-person shooter that was based off of it that's available on GOG.
This has a three-year development cycle that they're anticipating.
The involvement is going to be Warner Bros.
Entertainment, Activision, EA, and Sierra Online.
Alright.
I don't know the books very well, but apparently the TV show is pretty good too.
And I know people that are really into the books.
So why not a game?
Why not?
Let's talk about a recent release that is landing very well with folks out there.
It's Claire Obscure, Expedition 33.
I promise I will get around to this eventually because this really does sound like my jam.
But it's only been out just a few days.
And guess what?
After those first three days... Well, actually, I should say after the first day, it hit 500,000 in sales.
And then after three days, it hit 1 million.
And that is still considering it is available on Game Pass.
Wow.
So you can get the game on PC, Xbox Series X or S and PlayStation 5.
But the game is selling very well.
Apparently it has the, I think I was seeing the highest Metacritic user score ever.
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
be turn-based, which would be wild to see if that happens.
I mean, they're probably far enough along in development if they did that, but they're probably far enough along in development they can't 180, but then again, you think about how long 15 was in development, anything's possible.
17 could also be another online game, which would fit the every three pattern, 11, 14, although I guess that's not much of a pattern, but it could.
So we'll see.
Alright, FifthDream in chat says 17 is an MMO.
A lot of people seem to think that, but we'll see, we'll see.
Okay, moving on, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates, some games that are coming out in a store or digital storefront near you.
Loki, let's start with the U.S.
Not a whole lot of things this week, but we've got Cooking Companions on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Forza Horizon 5 on PlayStation 5 Frag Punk on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series MotoGP 25 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Xbox Series, and PlayStation 5 Neptunia Riders vs. Doggos
on PC, Skin Deep also on PC, we have Despalette on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series, Peglin on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series,
Seedstyle Lullaby on Nintendo Switch, iOS and Android, and last but not least, Shotgun Cop Man on PC and Nintendo Switch.
I love that name.
Not the Shotgun Cop Man.
Shotgun Cop Man Alright, well heading over to Japan, guess what week it is?
It's one week a year where I go to the games That's right, Golden Week is this week So running from the 29th to May 6th Showa Day, Constitution Memorial Day, Greenery Day, Children's Day It's a busy week and not a busy week for game releases as a result in Japan But actually surprising, I do have one
On the Nintendo Switch, Ogu and the Secret Forest is coming out on the 29th in Japan.
And then MotoGP 25 is also out in Japan on the 30th.
So I don't know how some games snuck through there, but they did.
Just checking the PlayStation 5, just out of curiosity.
Yeah, that MotoGP 25 is also released in Japan.
I'm assuming the only reason that's coming out is because that's a worldwide release date.
Otherwise, they would probably...
DarkSakura
Oh, this and that.
So we have on the 28th, we have Badlands Crew for PC, Warfare Legacy Collection as well.
On PS5 on the 29th, we have Forza Horizon 5.
As well as the 29th, we have Subway Sim 2 for PC, Xbox Series, and PS5.
30th, Skin Deep for PC, Moroi for PC.
Star Vaders, Conquest Dark on PC, Xbox, and PlayStation.
We have Keyborg.
We have MotoGP 25 PC, PlayStation, Xbox, Switch.
iOS and Android, Once Human.
That one doesn't have a date on it.
So I'm going to move on to other things.
Do have a date on May 1st because it's going to be May.
and Despilote, I guess is how it's pronounced.
PlayStation and Xbox Switch PC, Dig VR for PC and PSVR 2, Free Ride for PC.
On the second, Beyond Memories, Tales of the Heart for PC and Maze Mice for PC.
All right.
Still a pretty busy week in the non-Japan regions.
All right.
Well, that was it for news.
It was actually somewhat of a slow news week outside of everything that was going on with the switch and the other things we've brought up earlier in the show.
So this is the part where we go to the listener roundtable where we ask for your feedback.
We go to the mailbag every week.
Participate at OrangeZandrieta.com.
I don't think we had anything in there.
There was a bunch of shit You know what we do with shit?
Flush it That's right, all that stuff I do believe though, it just popped in in like the last 20 minutes Somebody, a kind listener has sent Loki has sent you a key You might already have this, I don't know But has sent you a key code for Minecraft stuff from McDonald's So there's a code in our mailbox for you I'll have to forward to you Alright, cool, yeah, I'll check it out
It was in the mailbox because I deleted everything.
It just came in.
Well, I'll forward it for my personal email.
It just came in at like 7.02.
So like within the last hour.
I didn't see anything like that show up in our mailbox.
Okay, maybe it got forwarded to my personal email.
I don't know.
Anyway, it doesn't matter.
They brought back the chicken strips at McDonald's though.
Oh, really?
So that's kind of cool.
Yeah, they're back.
They call them McCrispies now.
It's just the same thing.
If they cook them well enough.
Well, the one I had today, they overcooked them.
They were very dry.
But that can happen.
So were they McCrumbly instead of McCrispy?
Jack in the Box Del Taco
As long as Del Taco lives.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
and when when he came out uh he's like I must I have to go to a Taco Bell because like the nearest one is like way over here in Australia and I'm like no we're taking you to Del Taco and there were no spots
Jack in the Box
All kind of code violations until it finally just went away.
I really do.
And again, I'm not being paid to say it.
I really do think it's the best fast food because they have such a diverse menu that there's so many things you can get there.
Sure, you can think that they... Usually I'll say, oh, Jack in the Box.
I love Jack in the Box.
And somebody will instantly reply with, they have the shittiest tacos.
Fine.
Do you know there's like... They do.
Number one, tacos are like one thing on their menu of like 200 items because it completely caters to stoners.
Then order something else.
There's...
Lots of things.
They have better things, but I got really grossed out by their tacos when I could see how much grease was dripping off of them.
It was a river.
It's an empanada.
It's deep fried.
Anyway.
If I'm going to eat food so greasy it's going to make me sick, I'm going to go to Jim Boy's.
I was going to say Jim Boy's is the taco you eat.
If you don't care about your insides.
All right, let's get to Blue Sky because I did put a bleed up earlier and a lot of you were very good at responding to it.
So thank you.
I put a bleed up over on our Blue Sky, which is at orangelaundradio.com.
We're verified by domain name, so you just look for orangelaundradio.com.
And we asked on Blue Sky this week, for those of you that attempted a pre-order on Switch 2, how was that experience for you?
and for those of you that didn't pre-order the console, what made you a no or a not now?
So I wanted to include everybody and fully realize there's a lot of people that were a no or just can't do it right now.
So we wanted to hear from both sides.
So Dark Dead Sea starts us off saying, it all comes down to the money situation.
$4.99 is a pretty tall ask and the most we'll be paying for one of these this generation.
So mostly just crossing our fingers that somewhere we'll have one when early June rolls around and just split the cost of one then.
and hopefully down the line get a second one so we won't have to share one but we'll start with the one and go from there.
You know that's a really realistic perspective and I think part of the important reason for asking this question is that many of us need to realize that being able to just drop $500 on one of these is a privilege.
I mean it is not something that everybody is going to be able to afford out the gate.
I will never forget years ago
Thanks for watching!
Oh, hey.
Mm-hmm.
Gamer is one who games.
That's right.
It doesn't say one who games the PlayStation 50,000.
That's right.
Or it's one who games.
Yeah.
And in time, there will be secondhand versions of this and the price will come down and so forth.
As gaming enthusiasts, we have to talk about the latest and greatest because it's where the industry is going.
But you'll notice all of us, and maybe that's part of what draws some of you to our show, all of us have a soft spot for retro.
Like hard.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Also, not everybody wants to even if they can't.
That's right.
And you don't have to.
So Red Entertainment also is in the no camp saying not now as I didn't realistically think I'd be able to get one and I'm not apt to jump through hoops to get it.
Also, this statement could apply to any recent gaming console upon release.
That's true.
PlayStation 5s were impossible to get.
I didn't get a PlayStation 5 for years after the fact.
That doesn't make me any less of a gamer, I don't think.
By the time I could get one, I didn't care.
Yeah, right.
PodCulture replied to us on Blue Sky saying, I really want one, but got to get past the hailstorm damage to the house fix first.
Again, priorities, right?
Makes sense.
We have a lot of no's.
We have a lot of no's because Mike Deft says, I didn't pre-order.
Not that I don't want the console.
I think it's worth the price of the mission in the US.
But here's the problem is Mike Deft is in Mexico.
In Mexico, the Mario Kart World bundle being just over $750 is insane, and that's not even the tariffs.
That's because the distributor for anything Nintendo-related, Latamel, I guess is the company, they inflate the prices by a lot sometimes, but the Switch 2 prices really took the cake.
Either way, I'll just wait for when I can afford to get one, whether it's at launch or by the end of the year.
I'm not in a hurry to get it, so...
That's a very realistic perspective of not being in the U.S.
as well.
We heard from our old pal Megzi on Blue Sky who said, I fell asleep Wednesday night and completely missed the first round of pre-orders.
Then when I tried to pre-order through GameStop, the website crashed.
Luckily, I have a GameStop right by my apartment and a very chill boss, so I took a few hours of vacation from work to go wait in line in person.
It took a few hours waiting, but I got the pre-order plus a giant Sonic plush.
and I know Megzi is a big fan of the Sonic movies recently I think Megzi and Tiger Claw have a lot in common in that department uh so I love that Megzi got uh their Sonic 3 plushie is is wonderful so uh great thanks it's good to hear from you Megzi I hope you're doing well uh we also have okay this is from Roto 13 on Blue Sky but I fucking love the name called the shitty Gatsby
That's great.
Not the great Gatsby, but their cousin, the shitty Gatsby, who says, I stood in line with 100 people for hours at GameStop, but apparently I didn't need to because they still had pre-orders available as of late this morning.
Yeah, I heard that a lot of GameStops.
So those of you that still want one, call GameStop.
You might be surprised.
GameStop has a tracker up here in Canada, and a lot of stores still have at least a few left.
Vigetto EX, another name I haven't seen in a long time, good to hear from you, says, had one in my Target cart, but couldn't check out all night long due to errors.
So somebody that experienced what Loki had.
Best Buy silently kicked me out of its queue multiple times.
Walmart worked out.
At some point, it offered me the chance to buy and bought no problem.
Managed to get a second next day via GameStop's dumpster fire sale.
Yep.
Oh, JoshBet.
I like that it's a dumpster fire.
That's right.
Always a pleasure to hear from JoshBet over on Blue Sky who says,
My friend was less lucky and had to pay attention for several hours and multiple websites broke and deleted his payment information, address, etc.
So he had to keep actively trying.
It even refused a payment option.
He finally got one after two plus hours.
Was surprised there were still some there.
Yeah, so apparently it might have gotten a little easier.
I don't know what happened there.
We heard from Coral Rose.
Hello, Ms.
Coral Rose, who says, I tried at Target and their site was quite broken.
I got to place an order.
It was canceled a minute or so later.
I also tried Best Buy and was successful there.
I hope there's at least one more round of preorders like Sony did with the 30th anniversary PlayStation 5.
Much nicer.
We heard from Markito over on Blue Sky who said, Yep.
I wish I knew too.
Because of reason.
Target was a nightmare.
Got it in the cart but could never check out.
Kept getting error after error.
The only thing I snagged there was the camera.
Walmart and Best Buy were mostly a matter of waiting around for something to happen.
One Walmart window let me through to the product page but would give me an error when I tried to add it to the cart.
Kept trying for the entire 10 minute window they gave you but nothing.
After that, everything went pretty smoothly.
Our pal Slaggy McWaggy from the Gamebuoy.org podcast.
Hello.
And listen to Gamebuoy.org if you're not already.
Says, dealt with target site breaking, got one to go through, and it immediately got canceled.
Walmart went pretty smoothly and was able to get a secure one, but not for launch day delivery.
Tried on Best Buy, got kicked out of the queue, but it ended up working out, so I canceled my Walmart one.
Walmart's process was by far the smoothest, but Best Buy was my preferred retailer, so I could get it in person, and I'm not a fan of the others for reasons.
So I'm glad it worked out the way it did and consider myself very fortunate that I was able to get one.
And then OhMyDolly, which is Dolly Partner, says, I guess I was one of the lucky ones.
I managed to pre-order one.
That actually reminds me, I took a picture of a Dolly mural downtown that I was going to bleat out to Dolly Partner.
This reminds me I need to do it.
Anyway...
Yeah, I will.
I guess I was one of the lucky ones.
I managed to pre-order one from Target right at 12.01am, and so far it hasn't been cancelled.
I've seen lots of people saying they've got cancellation emails, so I've been avoiding checking my email, but I do keep an eye on the Target app.
Also, I've been feeling pretty guilty for using them because of all the evil shit they've been doing.
I get that, but like...
There's a lot of problematic shit going on in this country right now.
And ultimately, it's because of the guy in charge.
And I get really frustrated.
I understand if people want to boycott Target or whatever they're boycotting.
And again, I'm glad people called it out.
I think Walmart has just as many problematic issues.
And I'm sure there is something wrong with Best Buy that we just aren't hearing about on a mass scale, but we'll hear eventually.
I'm sure we'll hear about it then too because it just feels, you know, again, we're living in a there's no ethical consumption in capitalism type of era.
But, I mean, I do get frustrated when I hear people that are screaming, you need to boycott Target, and then they didn't vote in the last election.
Because the easiest way to have prevented a worldwide backlash, or not, I'm sorry, not worldwide, that was the wrong word, my apologies, a nationwide, which sometimes feels like the world and the trickle-down effect things have, a nationwide backlash, or whatever you want to call it, on DEI,
is because of who got elected and all these executive orders and all this bullshit that they're putting out there threatening to pull all this stuff because heaven forbid.
Yeah, exactly.
I guess maybe that's why worldwide was the first word that came to my mind, even though let's not kid ourselves.
This is a problem of who people elected or were voting for.
The time to have fought back against this was at the voting booth.
But y'all were finding problems with Kamala.
Y'all wanted to bring these problems to Kamala as if the needle could have never been moved.
Y'all wanted to say she was an imperfect candidate, therefore she should win.
And now here we are.
Congratulations, you played yourselves.
I hope y'all learned your lesson for next time.
And I just, I'm sorry, but like, and again, I understand, I respect why people feel the need to boycott Target.
It's not going to fix the problems in this country.
We did get some last minute answers here.
And yeah, SGO100Matt says, but her laugh was strange.
And I also fully realized she was the best candidate that could have possibly happened in 100 days.
47 has been in office longer than Kamala Harris ran for office.
Put that into perspective a little bit.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Congress could get rid of the tariff tomorrow Congress could fix a lot of the problems with the DEI backlash tomorrow but they won't
Orange Right says, I ended up getting lucky at Best Buy so far anyway.
I managed to reload Best Buy at the exact right time, clicked the checkout button, got in line, waited for 40 minutes, and eventually it went through.
And then I tried other stores at the same time to triple my chances.
Target kept giving me errors until it sold out, and I got out of line at Walmart because I heard just getting a non-bundle would check out normally, which yes, sold out.
Thank you all for your responses on social media.
I need to ask those questions more often because we had a very nice response.
So thank you all on Blue Sky.
I appreciate it.
But what's up with me having to do all the reading now?
This is supposed to be Jamie's job.
because it's not the mail but it no but no it is and you know I'm just giving you shit but it's one of those things where it's like wow we really are getting away from a lot of these forms of media it really is turning into short form social media it's just another example of that so anyway all right well one person will still turn to here is Loki I've decided I'm sorry I made a decision okay if someone wants to know my thoughts on something they can fucking ask me and I will tell them
What are your thoughts on Diet Coke vs. Diet Pepsi?
Diet Pepsi, all the way.
Fuck Coke.
All right.
As I drink a Coke Zero.
But in my defense, this is one of those orange cream Coke Zeros.
They're really good.
Those aren't very good either.
I like the Oreo ones.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
The Oreo ones are fucking great.
I wish they'd bring those back.
Shadow, your job is in jeopardy now.
Do not call the boss a heathen.
All right.
Terrible soda all you want.
That's right.
More terrible soda for you.
All right.
Let's go to the boss of last minute stories.
Loki, anything for us tonight?
Loki, you're muted because I see the mouth moving, but nothing's happening.
I was going to say, yeah, we're on top of all of the most critical news when it comes to modern consoles.
So now I have to tell you that your brand new Wii system, unfortunately, the Homebrew channel is no longer to be in development.
I mean, I get it.
It's
Several months or years ago.
But essentially, it's been revealed that apparently threading an OS implementation in one of the libraries was stolen.
And the authors of LiboGC, they didn't just steal proprietary Nintendo code, but also saw fit to steal open source RTOS and remove all attribution and copyright information.
Who would have thought?
In the piracy world, there's people willing to steal things.
Especially we know there was some big leaks out of Nintendo not long ago, so it kind of adds up a little bit.
The plot thickens.
All right.
Well, if that's it, then we will say thank you so much for listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you all for being here tonight.
Appreciate you.
If you want to continue the conversation throughout the week, join our Discord server, vognetwork.com.
That's vognetwork.com slash Discord.
We're happy to talk to you throughout the week.
But if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, help us spread the word.
Tell a friend or two about the show.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
Thank you to all the voices we heard tonight, whether through chat, whether through Blue Sky, whether through Carrier Pigeon, or however you're interacting with this show.
Thank you so much for that.
Whether through shipped Commodore 64s, which I still can't believe.
Thank you so much for that.
A nice five-star review goes a long way as well, either on Apple Podcasts, YouTube, Spotify, wherever you're finding this show.
All of that goes a very long way.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
With that, we're going to wrap it up for tonight.
Jamie, are you streaming tonight?
I actually don't know.
Yeah, I am for a little bit.
I am going to drink some Scottish soda on stream unless somebody drank it already.
Would you like to give us your final thoughts then?
I'm tired.
I'm tired Tired of love uninspired I'm tired of love uninspired
That's right.
Let's see.
My final thought tonight is... Oh, I am going on a quick trip next weekend.
I'm going to be running to the show last minute.
So, by the way, I forgot to tell you and Jamie, the show is going to be very last minute next week because I'm going to LA.
Because, because, because...
We're going to see Kylie Minogue again.
I saw Kylie Minogue on Tuesday.
It was such a good show.
It was such a good show, especially for an arena show.
I had the best time.
I love Kylie.
Yeah, she's great.
What's better than seeing her once?
Seeing her twice.
One of my friends was like, I want to go to LA to see her again.
I was like, so do I. We're going to go.
We're going to LA to see her again.
Then we're thinking about going to the Universal Fan Nights.
because I want to see the Star Trek thing.
And my friend that is meeting us in LA is from the Star Trek cruise.
So we might go Star Trek together.
So we're going to do that.
The concert's Friday.
We're going to do Friday, Saturday, and then drive home Sunday in a rush and get back in time for the show.
That's the plan.
All right.
Sounds busy.
Yeah, it's going to be busy, but I'm still living my life like I'm in my mid-20s, and one of these days I'm probably going to be very unhappy with that decision.
But for now, I'm having a great time.
So until then, have a great week, everybody.
We will see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a wonderful week.
Bye-bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
