Writing is hard, I know this.
I'm not a writer outside of these intros, but the sub-headline for our lead story written by a video games writer or editor was a big miss.
The Mario Maker is stuck between a thwomp and a green shell when it comes to the current tariff mess.
So close, yet so far, blue shell!
One could argue green because money, but green shells don't instill fear in Mario Kart racers like the blue shell does.
Guess which story is the lead?
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Start your night now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Jason, it's a red shell if you look at the stock market right now.
Oh, hi.
Welcome back to another episode of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live once again tonight, April the 13th of 2025 with episode number 1042 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts and with me as always, Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you doing?
All right.
All right.
I love the Ninja Turtles in the background.
This this has to be the recent game because I noticed April and Splinter in there, which was not the old arcade game.
That's true.
That's true.
Shredder's Revenge was fun, though.
I did play that at some party not that long ago and finally got around to playing it.
And it's it's definitely reminiscent of, you know, being a roundtable pizza, putting quarters in that old ass coin machine with April O'Neill on the side in the very 90s hair.
It's incredible.
It's so funny because there's a lot of these games that are trying to be homage to the arcade.
Can we get arcade versions of them?
Like Scott Pilgrim Saves the World or whatever versus the world would be a great one to see as an arcade beat-em-up.
Pretty much anything by Tribute is...
Great fodder for arcade ports like this, for example, should be an arcade port.
I mean, looking at DarkSakura's segment, which by the way, not joining us tonight, unfortunately, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers, they're a little under the weather.
Had a 14-hour marathon stream yesterday, I think, as a little bit of an early birthday.
So happy early birthday to DarkSakura, but she wasn't feeling too great earlier and I think had to miss some of her other commitments and I don't know if that's
Stamina or Stamina combined with other things going on.
But whatever the case may be, I hope DarkSakura feels much better and will join us again next week just in time for her.
No, just after her birthday, actually.
But we'll still get to say hello.
So DarkSakura will be back with us next week.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Hello to you all in chat as well, including Questbuster, who says Tribute Games, who did Shredder's Revenge, is also doing Cosmic Invasion.
So I'm hyped about that, too.
By the way, if you want to join the chat, we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
by the way some housekeeping I want to get here done at the top regarding the Voice of Geeks Network and our shows you know unfortunately during COVID and you know some of the the ramp up to that we we lost a good chunk of our lineup here at VOG Network but I'm very excited to announce one of the shows that some
You may have thought it's sunsetted.
Has not.
And is back after a multi-year hiatus.
Big shout out to our friends over at Gamebuoy.org, a video game podcast.
Loki, this is every time I say Gamebuoy.org, this is where you have to say in a very high-pitched voice, Gamebuoy.org, a video game podcast.
Just like Slidekick does on the show.
So let's try that again.
Welcome back to the Gamebuoy.org podcast.
Alright, bye.
Alright, then you say it.
You say welcome back.
You do it.
Welcome back to GameBooey.org.
GameBooey.org.
Yes, you got it.
All right.
Yeah, so a big welcome back to them.
They just put out a new episode.
The Switch 2 is making people come out of hiding.
Another podcast that I always really loved with one of our listeners that's frequently on our show, Delvin, heads up Video Game Realness.
And I mentioned at the end of the last show, they came back for a reunion episode too.
There's four episodes.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
All right.
You can get all the latest information about Gameboy.org and their links and all that good stuff over at the Voice Geeks Network or on their own website, which I think you would know by now as Gameboy.org.
And they're available on all the major podcast platforms as well as the links over at VOGnetwork.com and in our Discord server that pushes all those updates, but not with a ping because we know the ping is annoying.
So we have an optional channel that you can just watch.
It's...
VOG Network.com slash Discord.
Well, since we're talking about Switch 2 and, you know, all the podcasts coming back to celebrate the Switch 2, let's get into our kickoff topic tonight, which is, of course, is going to be a follow-up to everything last week.
Because, Loki, do you remember at the end of last week's show, we said something to the effect of, you know what, in seven more days...
This is going to flip-flop a hundred times.
We're still not going to have the answers as to how much this thing is going to cost.
And guess what?
Guess what, Mimi?
They did.
Because it still can't figure it out what's happening.
It's still going.
Even today, there's stuff switching up.
And now, I know you got a story on this, too.
Now we're getting Canada into it.
God, we've been picking on them unnecessarily.
I'm so sorry to our Canadian friends who are listening.
Yeah.
I ate some all-dressed chips today, Your Honor.
There's like no plan, and you have someone with dementia making the plans, and so that's why the plans are all over the place, and nobody's on the same page about anything, and it keeps changing.
Wow!
It wasn't spill that tea, it was choke on my coffee.
Dang, Loki.
Well, yeah, I mean, because it's just confusing enough.
And you have to figure also, too, with all these changes in tariffs.
So companies, like corporations, the ones that you're either...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You know, their production or like somehow get product from China to Taiwan to then import from there.
The problem is with the tariff numbers changing constantly, you can't make a plan.
And it's also like, you know, the whole point of bringing, you know, putting tariffs out there was to try to bring more manufacturing to the United States.
But that doesn't just happen like with a Thanos snap and then all of a sudden there's like factories and workers and everything.
10 years to set that up.
It's dumb.
But anyways, so yes, the good news is that it's possible that... Now we don't... Computers are exempt from tariffs is the latest flavor of the month.
No, no, no, no, no.
But does that include Switch?
No, they're not.
No, they're not exempt.
That's the thing.
I told you it's changing already.
I clearly consulted with Ms.
Cleo incorrectly on what the fuck he was thinking.
Excuse me.
Yeah, yeah.
So, like, yes, it's nice to think that they might be, but then that was reversed again today.
Apparently, they've walked back tariff exemptions on electronics.
so you know even though they said that that was going to be the case it says they've walked it back now and there's supposed to be more news coming on Monday you know for for them to this uh tank the stock market and then change course and then boost the stock market again because it's a big rug pull you know uh bait and switch nonsense with the stock market now because we can do that is he gonna name a day after it is it gonna be you know Tara what
We're going to celebrate Tariff Clarity Day.
It's going to be a huge day.
Huge day full of clarity.
It's going to be celebrated.
Huge, wonderful things are going to happen.
We are aware that he is a moron and the whole administration is stupid and everything is just on fire.
It is literally the Emperor wears new clothes.
It is literally the Emperor wears new clothes.
Literally we have the whole medical report that was released that they do every year and they're telling us that God King is the healthiest human being on the face of the earth and also has won golf tournaments.
That was on his medical report for some reason.
His BMI is 28.
Yeah, he's just like, you know, he's so smart and the best of everything.
I know there is someone who likes him, hate listening to this podcast right now because, you know, social media loves to push things, and just wishing we would shut the fuck up about politics already.
But guess what, y'all?
The problem is...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So right now it shows there's some reports saying that data showing the exports of game systems from Vietnam right now, apparently they've been stockpiling units in the United States, probably planning for these tariffs to happen eventually.
So get them over here before they're affected by the tariffs, and then that way you have...
Product to sell that you can still sell at a somewhat low enough price without having to lose money on those systems.
So the rumor is right now that they've stockpiled at least like a million systems over here in the United States.
But who knows?
And I mean, who knows what's actually going to be tariff wise because it's kind of gone back and forth.
They've already halted pre-orders on the system, which were originally going to launch on the 9th.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Canada's had their pre-orders halted as well.
I'm sorry, Besties.
I'm sorry.
We tried, y'all.
We tried.
In California, we tried.
The launch date is still June 5th, but right now, pre-orders haven't begun yet because I don't know what that's going to look like exporting to Canada from maybe the United States or what the case may be.
I would
I'm not really sure what's going to happen there.
Until very recently, it was quite fucking normal for trucks to take things from harbors in other countries and take them into Mexico and Canada without fucking major issue.
But now, you know, everything is subject to what side of the bed a certain person wakes up on or what a certain news channel he happens to be watching says.
Like, that's...
The World We Live In Now
and QuestBusters pointing out board game makers and those using crowdfunding have been writing grim accounts ranging from delaying product to pivoting to things like card games just to stay afloat because they just have no idea what the bones will say the next day.
I like that, the bones.
I mean, considering what their opinion is and a lot of the opinion of the administration is with this whole masculinity in the United States, because everybody, they all think that the men in the United States should be working in factories and that they're more happy working a manual labor job.
Of course they're going to say that because they deported all the people that were working those fields and everything.
And now they want to bring back, was it coal jobs?
Literally, like, move us back.
Like, just, hey, we could, you know, become a leader in business and trade and all this stuff and really cutting edge stuff.
But no, let's make coal.
Let's power AI with coal.
So that's great.
Don't get me started on the AI thing, because this will become a political podcast if I go down that road, because that's a whole other...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DigitalTrends.com
The Confusion Around $90 Switch 2 Games
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
um yeah there's still some issues though price wise like and I understand that $90 isn't the price point the other thing I've been seeing going around lately um also as a clickbait kind of headline saying there's you know $90 for uh for a game that's essentially eight years old which was The Legend of Zelda sure um you know and uh Tears of the Kingdom and um
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Which then, you know, they say, well, to get the full experience, which is what you should be getting eight years down the road.
Yeah, they should probably throw that in there.
It's an additional $20.
So that's how they get up to $90 for what is essentially an older Zelda game that is...
mildly better on the Switch too.
To be fair, Loki, I understand that there's a certain expectation in this gaming industry that after so many years you get that game of the year edition that has everything, or especially when it comes to a new console, the game that has everything all in one that comes out for usually a lower price.
And I know there's Nintendo fanboys out there that'll defend them to the death and defend even this too, but I've got to ask y'all a very difficult question.
If I replaced the words Breath of the Wild with Elder Scrolls Skyrim...
Which absolutely is going to get a Switch 2 release Don't fucking kid yourself Absolutely will get a Switch 2 release But the difference will be Skyrim will come with all of that DLC and everything Maybe it'll be $70, but at least it'll have everything God, they're foolish if they do it, but they might And at least we know it'll go on sale relatively quick But if I were to say Skyrim instead of Breath of the Wild Would you defend it just as much?
Skyrim is also a great game.
And we don't have to compare apples to oranges.
We can acknowledge that both Skyrim and Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild are great games.
Would you defend Bethesda?
Would you defend Microsoft if Skyrim were to release this for $70 with no DLC?
SSJ100Mats asks, is the DLC included with the Expansion Plus DLC?
Or is that unknown as well?
Yes, the DLC is available because the Switch 1 DLC was available through the Nintendo Online Expansion Pass.
Sure, yeah, they're going to try to get you to buy that and get the additional DLCs and everything, but like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
essentially they've made their money off it that's why Skyrim includes all of its DLC with the game because it's made its money off of that game for years now and now that I think about it they already announced a third party front Street Fighter 6 was already announced to have all the season one stuff included basically like the game will catch everybody up to where Street Fighter 6 is at with all its DLC which is how you know that's going to be a $70 release because it's going to have everything in it but Street Fighter 6 for the Switch 2 will have
Kind of all the ketchup stuff in it.
They're not done with Street Fighter 6 yet, so there will be more, but...
I mean, and if you look at, too, like, even with some of the other Switch 1 games that are getting a Switch 2 version, essentially, they're adding stuff to those.
They're not just doing, like, the graphical updates as well.
They're adding content to the games.
Like, the whole stuff with Mario Party was getting a whole new section of the game.
With, I'm trying to think what the other one was.
I think, was it Kirby or something like that?
Was getting, like, more DLC or more, like, stuff to go along with it.
Zelda is getting slightly better visuals and it'll probably run a little bit smoother.
Like, it's not... I guess you can download... I don't know if it's part of the app or not.
The iPhone, excuse me, the phone, mobile phone, Android iPhone app, the little map on your phone.
That's not part of it, though.
No, that was something they were... That's not part of the expansion.
That's just a thing that they're gonna make.
Oh, I thought that was part of the Switch 2 specific version.
No, I don't think so.
Maybe it is as far as tracking stuff, but once again, that's not included with it.
It is just a separate... I guess my drag name is Misinformation, and I'm part of the problem, because again, we don't really have clarity on a lot of this.
Yeah, I don't know.
I just... I don't like the idea of that, but then again, I already have these games, so it's like a $10 upgrade if I'm going to do those.
Um...
I don't know.
I mean, I guess... At least for Zelda.
At least for Zelda.
Yeah, I know.
It's nice, but it's... Yeah, how far... It's gonna be interesting to see what the long-term plan on that whole thing is.
But again, we need the system to come out at a reasonable price first before I think any of these bridges can be crossed.
Because I'm telling you, if they release that system more than $500, I'm not getting one.
I'm just gonna wait this whole stupid tariff thing out.
Anyway...
Yeah.
Let's see.
SJ100Matt says, it's annoying that they've known what the console looks like.
They've made the console and stockpiled it for months, but these easy details are annoyingly absent.
I give them some credit that the price stuff is really hard to figure out because there has to be the sustainability.
Sure, they have them stockpiled, but they need to sustain throughout the holidays.
It's ironic.
I think I might have said something like this last week.
It's a little bit ironic that Nintendo is known for their gigantic hardware supply issues and have been for a long time.
They're actually trying to do something about it with Switch 2 and they might get screwed anyway.
That, like, once those stockpiles and the warehouses are gone, there's not going to be any more for a bit.
Unless, I don't know.
It's just how the world we live in, I guess.
Now, speaking of stockpiling, I heard a rumor, and I don't know if it's true or not, I heard a rumor that Apple to get around, because again, I...
at least until there's the on again off again with technology but at least what I had heard before the off switch was pulled then back to on what I had heard was that they were going to move a bunch of phones from China to India where they have a presence and then move them from India to the US and I don't know like again I don't know the 4D chess with that if that's actually something they can do or how that works yeah they can that's what I heard they were doing with phones is they were moving them to India first
Right, and that's why there's a lot of companies out there that are trying to figure out what their move is as far as moving product around the world and importing it from a different place to circumvent higher stuff.
The problem is, if they keep changing all of this, especially if the administration hears that, oh yeah, they're not in good favor with Apple, which...
They're not.
I mean, they are in good favor with them, because I think that Tim Cook was one of the people he invited to the inauguration stuff and donated money.
Whatever the case may be, let's just say that somehow he pisses them off, and they want to get around, you know, they want to get back at him.
Then they'll just increase the tariffs on India for...
No reason.
Just because they feel like it.
Congress could end this tomorrow.
I just want to put that out.
Congress could end this tomorrow.
They could severely hamper the ability because the whole thing is being made on these emergency declarations that are questionable at best.
And Congress could end that emergency declaration tomorrow.
But they won't.
Yeah, the chat says that Congress doesn't have the balls.
100%.
But some in the Senate are starting to waver a little bit, which I think is why the off switch got pulled in the first place.
So there's, you know, keep those phone calls up.
Keep that, you know, directed town hall anger up because at least in the Senate, it's starting to get heard.
There was pressure there.
They were getting close to that 60 votes they need to break a...
Filibuster and all that.
We'll see.
Anything else to say about the Switch 2 tariffs today?
Which will change by the time people hear this podcast.
It'll change tomorrow.
It'll be changing tomorrow because originally it was that allegedly Tim Cook or somebody had talked to the administration and said, hey, we need an exemption on these electronics because this is going to be ridiculous for a lot of the stuff that we're doing.
And
And then that made the Trump administration look kind of weak.
And then, of course, they're like, wait a second, no, we can't look weak.
We never said we're going to stop doing that.
I don't know.
It's so hard to follow.
And I think that's intentional because they're doing other horrible things at the same time.
It's just like 4D horrible chess with human rights violations and all sorts of gutting everything and just literally making a mess of everything.
Anyhow, we'll be back in seven days to talk about the latest to see if Nintendo wants to commit to a pre-order date or not.
And quite frankly, I don't blame them until there's a lot more clarity on this whole thing.
So we'll see.
All right, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we've been playing this week, Switch or otherwise.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was fine.
I just, you know, Minecraft.
Playing lots of Minecraft.
We had a stream day on Saturday.
So I streamed for a couple hours then.
So that was pretty fun.
And just put out another episode.
So now I have five weeks in a row now.
Probably will have six here pretty soon because I have enough footage for another episode again.
And yeah, just working on the SMP stuff.
Still chucking away at my industrial district that is...
Pretty close to done, I think.
There's not a lot more I can really build.
And then I'm going to have to start actually getting to building the big game that's this season.
And yeah, other than that Bellaltro bit, I did end up ordering... I'm not really into this scene too much, but there's all these Android retro game handhelds.
It's basically emulation portable systems that run a bunch of these things, emulate everything from as old as you can think to... I think this one does up to...
PlayStation 2 it even does some Switch and like Wii and stuff like that it doesn't really go beyond that you can do like PlayStation 3 sort of and some of the Xbox stuff if you switch it over to Linux but I got a I ordered a Retro Pocket 3
Lip 2, which is a really nice Android device.
It's got an OLED screen on it and stuff.
It's like a clamshell, almost like a 3DS or something like that.
So I'm going to try to load that up with a bunch of games and do that, because honestly...
I keep buying like retro games for my Nintendo and I'm just I'm never gonna play them because I have to hook that all up and everything and so this is just easier for me plus you can get all the like botted games that people make and stuff and I think it'd be fun for my son to play and all that type of thing nice plus screw Nintendo I'm gonna emulate whatever the fuck I want
Ironically, I was playing with Nintendo emulators this week, too.
I was playing.
I played DuckTales, the classic NES version for no particular reason.
I just want to play it.
I mean, why do you need a reason to play that game?
It's one of the best.
So I was playing that a little bit.
So good times.
Anyway, before I take over anything else for your game week, Loki.
No, that was it.
Then continuing on with my gaming week, I've been playing a little more Final Fantasy XIV.
I finally unlocked that dungeon in the patch after two and a half weeks, which would tell you kind of where my head is at with that game right now.
It's just I haven't really been as into it as weeks past.
I guess I have a new Diablo 4 patch to look forward to, though, in a few weeks.
Although some of the hardcore people really don't care for that patch either.
So I don't know.
We'll see.
We'll see what happens there.
But yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's incredible.
Oh my god.
Yeah, so four of us were actually playing all at the same time, and it felt great to play that game again.
We were playing some other GameCube games too.
This may surprise you.
I had never played, somehow, never played Kirby Air Ride before.
So when the sequel was announced last week, I didn't have a lot to say about it, but I actually got to play the GameCube version of that game this last week, and I was like, oh...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I actually played this vehicle in the game that like every time you hit the A button, you actually fully stopped.
And then you had to like aim yourself and you go back up to full speed.
It was kind of neat, like a little slingshot kind of way to play.
But yeah, I enjoyed Air Ride.
And again, runs so good with four people playing all at the same time.
Like you don't notice the frame drops or anything like that.
Man, the GameCube was really underrated, I think, but...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and I wanted to say I don't want to say too much about it but one of them is in game dev and I wanted to be like oh you should check this game out because I think this is fucking brilliant and like you know it deserves to be bigger than it is and he played it and he said yeah this is really this is really fun this is a really funny or like not funny but like really like engaging type of concept so um it was good to get that validation by the way speaking of game devs another random thing I did this week I actually went to a game dev meetup on Thursday and I wasn't sure if I was going to go my friend invited me
and I was like, well, should I go?
I'm not really a game dev but they actually were quite welcoming and it was nice to... It also is very nice to be able to say, oh yeah, I'm in Guinness Book of Video Gaming Records because that kind of buys you like the I'm different from the other podcasts like right out the gate type of thing.
But I mean, everybody was really cool welcoming and it was really nice to just kind of hear.
I actually would encourage anybody who does like podcasts or commenting on the gaming industry to...
Yeah.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and how devs are sort of navigating that whole ethicalness of, I don't really want to use AI to create assets, but how might I use AI to sort of like inspire assets sort of thing.
It's a very fascinating conversation to sort of listen to.
And believe it or not, once in my life, I mostly shut up and listened.
And it was very, very interesting.
So yeah, I would recommend anybody who is into game dev,
or into games and commenting on them, like check out your local game dev scene and hear things from another perspective.
Don't hear things just from X or Blue Sky or Facebook or whatever social media you tend to use.
Don't just get your gaming perspectives from that.
Like get it from a variety of places.
It's very interesting and can be eye-opening.
So there was that.
I think that's it for really the games I want to talk about this week but I do have one other thing I want to share and I had to mention it at some point tonight but Alan and I adopted a new kitty so there it is on the screen and for those in the podcast feed I'm showing this very light orange kitty and his name is Oreo and you might be wondering why would you name an orange cat
Oreo.
He's a very scared boy in that picture because he literally had just been let out in the walk-in closet where he's living right now for a couple days while him and Cheddar get acclimated to each other.
And it's a walk-in closet, so don't worry.
He has a lot of space.
But you might be wondering, why did I name an orange cat?
Actually, it was Alan's idea.
Name an orange cat Oreo.
And that's because we have a black and white cat named Cheddar.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
are a little more light.
Or I was thinking Halloween Oreos have the orange cream, but golden Oreos are a little closer to what Oreo the cat looks like.
So I think it works for me.
So more updates to come.
He's still in the walk-in closet, but Alan's talking about maybe letting him and Cheddar mingle tomorrow.
So we'll see how that goes.
But we're really excited about that on the cat front.
He's eight years old, by the way, so he's already a little bit older, which is around where Cheddar's age is at.
You know, senior cats are a little harder to find homes for, so we're happy to take senior cats in.
He's just, he's a really nice boy.
He's very, he really, really, you know, at first when we went to the house that he was kind of temporarily staying at while they were looking for a home, he was very, like, he ran away.
He fucking hid behind the fridge.
and DarkSakura.
Let him know he has a new home and he's very loving now and he doesn't try to hide.
But I imagine when we open the door and he can explore, he'll find a new place to hide.
But he has to eat eventually.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on with some more...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and I am curious to see how that turns out even though I'm not like huge on the games as other people are and that's not a knock on them I'm just not usually a big zombie person but I understand that the game is pretty good and at some point I'll go back through them but apparently you know the show is really good and so season two I know a lot of people are excited for and Catherine O'Hara is in it so like how could it possibly be bad to be quite honest and
um let's see uh Mike Deft also suggests Spring Break could be a part of you know and it's fine it is what it is look look if we wanted to have a thousand viewers we would just be more outraged clickbait
We could do that.
We could do more outrage clickbait.
But I don't want to be that guy.
I don't want to be that guy.
I like the small little group we have here.
We have an intelligent group of viewers and listeners on the podcast feed.
And I'm very happy for that.
And, you know, being famous is probably overrated.
All right.
Sorry, Loki.
We can get back to the news.
Yeah, so Nintendo has confirmed that their Switch 2 is not going to have achievements.
That's too bad.
But we have to remember that the world of Nintendo exists in a bubble that is several years behind the curve when it comes to certain niceties.
I mean, they just got video chat, so obviously we're going to have to wait a little bit for maybe achievements.
Maybe the Switch 3 will have achievements.
It is kind of silly, though.
No, I think Nintendo doesn't see the value added in achievements.
Nintendo doesn't see how achievements are fun, and that's why they don't want to do it, which I think is a bummer.
I've seen some of the discourse on Blue Sky and social media that are like, good, I don't want achievements in the game because I don't want to have to feel like I have to chase these things down.
And it's like, nobody's fucking forcing you.
Well, yeah, and they do already have...
Yeah, and they have this stuff already in games.
I mean, we saw already with Mario Kart World that they have some sort of achievement system within that game.
So it's not like that games can't just do that.
But it is weird, though, that they don't have that type of thing in there anyways, because it is kind of on all the other platforms already.
I think it's such a missed opportunity.
I think it's such a missed opportunity with the retro catalog too.
You don't even have to do it like normal achievement.
Nintendo, if you want to make achievements fun, think about the concept differently.
What if you had... Again, I'm putting this out there, but I just don't see Nintendo going this direction or innovating this much in this department, quite frankly.
I think a lot of people are concerned about chasing points or chasing trophy levels.
What if it wasn't that?
What if it was like you have a virtual binder, a social media thing, a virtual social media profile where you earn stickers?
It should be.
That sounds amazing.
It should be.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura says, well, Nintendo kind of does the profile picture thing from playing certain NSO games already.
Kind of.
You still have to pay the coins for a lot of them, you know, and it's not really tied to like, I don't know, it should, it should.
It should just be something a little extra and fun.
That's all achievements need to be.
And again, there should be lots of stickers available for just doing other things.
Like, you bought a game.
Here's a sticker.
You turned on your Switch every day for a week.
Here's a sticker.
You added a friend to your friends list.
Here's a sticker.
There could be a lot of these things that don't necessarily have to be tied to game achievements so that people can feel like...
They're still participating even when they don't want to participate.
I love the idea.
You open the settings menu 500 times.
Okay, maybe not that.
Maybe not that.
But just things that are very common and just, I don't know, encourage the other features of the system.
Usually in every Xbox or PlayStation game, there is a gimme trophy.
for beating the tutorial, for beating stage one, for getting a power up.
Like, you know, have a gimme trophy in the game that still gets you something cute.
The perfect way to sum it up.
Treat trophies and achievements on the Nintendo Switch 2 like you treat getting stickers in LittleBigPlanet.
Love it.
Or what PlayStation was supposed to do at PlayStation Home.
Remember the concept of actual trophies on your shelf?
PlayStation Home.
Come on, man.
Nintendo would never.
Nintendo would never.
And I actually... Thank you for reminding me of this point.
I thought of this when I was putting the story in the show role, especially when I was thinking about the people that are so anti-achievement and good.
I don't want it.
I don't need that competitive nature on my system.
I don't want people knowing what I'm playing.
I was like...
Quest Buster says, let's go back to the days of when we mailed in for an Activision patch.
You can sew on your jacket.
Absolutely.
The most old school achievement there is.
And I love that because it's a totally optional thing.
But if you want to have that cool ass fucking leather jacket with the sew-ons for all the game stuff you beat, I think that's such a great idea.
Like, oh my God.
Can you imagine?
But they would never gatekeep Nintendo clothing based on game performance.
They just wouldn't.
So...
Oh man, I love the idea of like Nintendo, just a virtual Nintendo pad.
Anyway, but Nintendo doesn't see the fun in it.
They don't want to do it.
Even though I just, you know, between us and chat, we just described like five different ways they can make it fun.
They're just not interested in that.
They're going to say, we're focused on making the games until we can make money off the achievement system.
We don't find sell stickers, I guess.
Fine.
Sell stickers for profiles if that makes you feel better.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Death Stranding 2 On The Beach, Hideo Kojima
Thank you for watching!
Also, it was shared in that same interview, Death Stranding 2 is 95% complete.
It feels like it is 10pm, speaking of 24 hours.
Death Stranding 2 is at 10 o'clock and there are two hours left.
The date of the release is June 26th.
Ooh, my birthday.
I get a Death Stranding 2 on my birthday.
And yeah, it's supposed to be 95% complete and will come out then.
Interesting take on the boss fights.
I mean...
Again, I don't... Like, if somebody else skips a boss fight, that doesn't affect my enjoyability of the game.
So I don't really care.
I don't know.
People are dumb about the whole, like, oh, it's not hard enough, and why do you get a pass...
Why can't it be more accessible to people?
I think it's a great idea.
Again, this could be a thing where achievements, fine, you don't get the achievement for killing the boss if you didn't actually kill the boss.
But if you're not interested in showing off that kind of gamer credit, that shouldn't fucking matter.
It shouldn't matter.
But some people want to have it both ways.
They want to say, well, I want to skip the boss.
And because I didn't do, I want to make sure nobody can see that I skipped the boss.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, the reasoning you will hear is, if the option is there, I might use it.
And I don't want that option to be available to me.
Sounds like a you problem.
It's time to take some motherfucking accountability, gamers.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Yeah, I like that.
I can't control myself, so all of you need to make laws so that we can't do it.
Talk about a certain political party's agenda.
I can't control myself, therefore I must pass laws against it.
We gotta ban pornography because I can't... Listen, you know, I'm keeping tabs on my son's pornography.
My son is keeping tabs on my pornography.
So therefore, you know, we have a buddy system.
We trust because we're pure Christians.
I'm sorry, that's the Speaker of the House, by the way.
You know, not to get confused here.
But yeah, it's ridiculous.
For the record though, Bobby was absolutely right with that comment.
So me saying all that had nothing to do against Bobby.
Bobby is absolutely 100% correct with that comment.
There will be gamers that will complain about that shit.
And my message to them is get over it.
We don't fucking care.
That's right.
It's like, do you run this game company?
No, fuck off.
Bye.
Thank you for your opinion.
Your opinion is valuable to us.
Thank you for sharing.
Pat, pat, pat.
Here's a cookie.
Bye.
they'll just get pissed off because there'll be a person of color in the game or something like that too or a woman so god forbid you know ow the accuracy no i mean like ow um
Ow, the truth hurts.
Correct.
Yeah, Tigerclaw points out Florida banned porn or rather Pornhub is banned in Florida unless you use a VPN to bypass.
Correct.
And that's not the only state to do it too.
When we went to Florida recently for the cruise, all my friends were like, try getting on Pornhub and see what happens.
And I was like, I already know what happens.
I don't need to get irritated, you know.
But...
Florida may have banned Pornhub, but I bet there's still going to be ways for people to get their porn.
It's okay.
They banned porn, but hey, children can work in the factories now, so that's a thing.
Let's move on to our next story.
And the people that might... Are we not going to be spicy in this political environment?
I didn't realize DarkSakura was the one that was grounding the political spiciness on this show.
What the fuck?
Usually she's the first one to pop off.
And tonight we're just unrestrained.
Can't possibly just exist in this world being constantly... You try to avoid it all online.
It's like, I'm just going to avoid it.
I'm just going to go...
Just go on with my day.
And then, like, you hear about something else, like... Like... Yeah.
Anyway.
Yeah, DarkSakura says, yeah, Rob is so done with his bullshit.
Oh, he's been done.
He's been done.
All right, anyway.
Moving on, talking about games that might be made in a factory later.
There was a Spanish developer that went by the name TequilaWorks.
They made Rime and...
Guilt, G-Y-L-T.
They also published the sexy Brutal, but they created Rhyme and Guilt.
The studio unfortunately went under in 2024 because prolonged market conditions made it financially difficult to stay afloat, and so they went under.
The games that they made, as well as the IP, intellectual property rights, are now available to bid on the auction site Escrapalia, which I believe would be a Spanish bidding site.
because Tequila Works was a Spanish developer.
This would include Deadlight, Rime, and Guilt.
Also, in-development projects are being auctioned off.
The Ancient Mariner, Dungeon Tour, and Brawler Crawler.
These are unfinished games.
So the studio did release Song of Nunu, a League of Legends story, but then they closed, basically, after Tencent got a controlling stake in Tequila Works.
They are gone.
I'm kind of curious, like, how much is this going for right now, actually?
I don't see... Here we go.
Oh, so if you wanted the trademark to rhyme, that is currently going for 15,500 euros.
Deadlight is at 11,000 euros Deadlight is at 11,000 euros
That's not bad for a game that probably paid a lot more people their time to create.
Same thing with this Dungeon Tour and Brawler Crawler.
It almost looked like somebody has bid one euro above the minimum.
I almost feel like somebody's bid the minimum.
Oh no, I guess it says 140 bids, 65 bids.
Interesting.
There's no reserve price.
Yeah, I guess no reserve price.
This is how high it's gotten without a reserve.
So what, 30 days left?
There's still a lot of time left, so we'll see what these holes really go for.
But yeah, that's where things stand today for a publisher to potentially just say, we're going to make our own sequel to Guilt and put the name on it.
We can do that.
All right, let's move on.
Loki.
All right.
Well, a former CEO of PlayStation was on... Was it... Speaking to PlayerDrive in a video chat, Sean Layden, mentioning that, you know, if you account for inflation, game prices have gone down.
Once again...
We'll explain why that's wrong.
That doesn't make any sense.
Two, he also says that, you know, game companies should just add $5 to the price of games per generation.
That way that, you know, gamers are more eased into the higher prices as stuff goes on.
He says in 2025, you know, $59.99 in 1999 is like the equivalent to $100.
So as you know, your purchasing power compared to that against your cost of living is smaller than it was.
But still, companies have been reluctant to push that price up because they probably should have done it.
I was in, at the time, probably every generation should have baked in a $5 software price hike and make that typical.
Well, every generation is another $5 and you would have gone up to $90 by now.
First off, fuck you.
And second off, once again, the false...
The false comparison against saying games are cheaper than they are now completely ignores the fact that we don't purchase games like we did back in the 90s.
So he wants to equate it to 1999.
So 1999, you would buy a PlayStation 2 game that was, well, first off, it wasn't $59.99, it was $49.99, and the game was complete.
You got your game.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Once again, like I said, that completely ignores the fact that not only are games more expensive now, but then you're piecemealing all this shit that would have been free with your full game back in the day.
So, for example, one of the very first games to actually kind of have...
A multi-platform release that was on a system that was on the Xbox 360.
It was a lot more piecemeal with DLC and stuff like that.
And then on PlayStation 2 and the original Xbox.
That game being, I believe it was Scarface.
Is it Scarface or Mafia?
Scarface had basically, like it did back in the day...
Cheat codes they could put in with controller presses on the PlayStation 2 and the Xbox that didn't really have a big marketplace where you could buy all this DLC.
On the Xbox 360...
Those button presses weren't in there.
You had to purchase your cheats separately because they were selling it back to you.
So they were physically cutting content out of the game and then selling it back to you.
On top of all of the monetization with microtransactions, all of this season pass nonsense where you're pre-ordering DLC that may or may not come out, games being released in a buggy, unfinished state in the first place because now we have the ability to patch those in later on.
and so games are coming out fundamentally broken and with a roadmap of how they're going to fix it over the course of 6 to 12 months if they even do all that because if it's not making money then they're not going to invest money into it so I'm sorry you cannot say that it's exactly the same and that we should be paying more
Thank you for watching!
It's just not.
So once again, to summarize, fuck you, Sean Layden, and this is bullshit.
DJ Ranma S in chat says, meanwhile, the cost of living hasn't gone up.
Fuck out of here.
I do agree with that.
And actually, I want to share something with you all that I was just kind of Googling.
I was like, what is Sean Layden's net worth?
What is this?
And I want to share something I found with you.
Now, I'm going to state clearly, this is for the purposes of entertainment only and is not to be accepted as fact.
Because again, the site that came up has AI in the title, so I already distrust it.
But I think we're going to... I still want to drive the car to something that I think many of us would go, you know, I do hear about this.
This is in line with what I hear in the news about CEOs and things of that sort.
Okay?
But again...
I'm presenting this as probably made-up shit, but in line with the real shit, okay?
For the purposes of entertainment.
So this website claims that in 2021, Sean Landon's net worth was $966,000.
In 2025, that net worth is $1.61 million.
See, I already distrust it because I know he made more than that when he was working at the company.
I think this is probably some type of social media algorithm.
However, the point still stands.
How much did you make in 2021?
And how much do you make today?
Did it go up by 170%?
Or is Shawn Layton potentially, possibly, theoretically living in a bubble that the rest of us, that isn't the reality for the rest of us?
yeah think about that next time you read an article about what is true what is fact is that CEOs get multi-million dollar bonuses and you hear about it in the news all of the time so anyway yeah this is the dam that has to break who is making money off video games and why
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
are fat and piggish um so these people that are sitting at the top of the uh industry are making all this money just to make bad decisions like oh we should replace people with AI when AI doesn't get shit right that same fucking article I quoted earlier in the show about how did the spread of misinformation on the cost of a video game happen
AI was still reporting at the time of that article that Mario Kart World would cost $90.
That was in the AI.
Because when you say something on the internet so much, AI accepts it to be fact.
And this is what fat pigs, metaphor, in Washington, in gaming companies, believe can replace people.
Broken fucking algorithms.
and there's going to come a point where people go, what are the fat pigs doing for us?
Tomorrow we're having bacon.
Let's move on to our next story.
Is it mine or yours?
I don't even know now.
It's yours.
It'll be soft.
Let's talk about the fattest fucking pig in the room.
In the bank account, of course.
Let's talk about this whole thing with the crew.
And the crew, you know, people actually went to a class action lawsuit over the crew because the servers shut down.
So players in California last year filed a lawsuit saying that once you shut down the title, they, thousands of other people that played this game, got a skeleton of what you thought you paid for.
The argument was the crew should have been left in a playable offline state rather than being delisted and taken offline.
But Ubisoft said they had to do it because of server infrastructure and licensing constraints, but they maintained support for over a decade.
But again, in the lawsuit for the folks in California that filed the lawsuit, they felt totally barred access to the product they paid money for.
Imagine you buy a pinball machine and years later you enter your den to go play it only to discover that all the paddles are missing, the pinball and bumpers are gone, and the monitor that proudly displayed your unassailable high score is removed.
That is in the lawsuit, that verbiage.
Turns out the pinball machine manufacturer decided to come into your house, gut the insides of the pinball machine, and remove your ability to play the game that you bought and thought you owned.
Well, Ubisoft filed a response in February saying the argument that the crew is going to be playable indefinitely is misleading.
It was explicitly selling temporary access to a product and not outright ownership.
In the response, they said plaintiffs do not allege that Ubisoft made any statements indicating that consumers would in fact obtain unfettered access to the crew if they purchased a physical copy.
To the contrary, the packaging made clear that Ubisoft could limit access.
This is fatal to plaintiffs FAL, UCL, and CLRA claims.
Plaintiffs' entire theory of the case is based on the faulty assumption that buying a physical disc entitles purchasers to infinite access to play the game.
They go on to say this flawed assumption doesn't necessarily make it misrepresentation under California law.
And they were selling a license to a product as opposed to ownership rights, which by the way, you know, the license that these rules have changed in California that when you're in these stores buying these products on digital stores, it now has to tell you it's a digital license and can't use words like owned forever and things like that.
They can't use those types of words.
Apparently the plaintiffs have responded and there was a picture of the crew's packaging which notes the activation code won't expire until 2099.
That is damning evidence in my opinion.
Damning.
They said it's an example of Ubisoft indicating the crew would remain playable during this time and long thereafter.
In my opinion, that is a smoking gun.
But we'll see.
I'm not a fucking lawyer, for better or for worse.
So I don't know what ultimately will come of this in court.
But Ubisoft, including something that says this will work until 2099, not a great look.
What is it, like, if ownership isn't owning, then piracy isn't stealing?
I believe that was the line.
Which again, I don't endorse piracy, but I think we all need to open our fucking eyes that as the industry gets more and more greedy when it comes to the price of games, people are going to turn to piracy.
I really think you're going to see more indie and small studios where the fat pigs aren't so fat.
They're a little leaner.
You're going to see that their games that are priced at $20 and $30 because they don't have to pay multi-million dollar CEO salaries and they're not publicly traded companies that are obligated to make money for their investors.
I think you're going to see more successes on that front.
More Five Nights at Freddy's, more Minecrafts, more
Um, Bellatros, more, you're gonna see more of that.
Shredder's Revenge, $20 game, playing behind Loki right now.
Right?
$20?
$30?
Still.
Not much.
Less than $80.
Anyway.
Uh, let's see.
Bobby Black of his chat says, EULA's end user license agreement haven't been really tested in court yet, so it may or may not be a binding contract.
That's true.
All these things tend to settle out of court.
well also when you think about it like with with those EULAs or whatever especially when we're talking about the crew which is an E10 game or probably at most teen um your user could be underage which case it would not be able to you know abide by your contract and they could still have purchased the game legally too so once again you have no contract at that point yeah
well we'll see we'll see what develops with this but I don't know I don't know like look look I I think this is also a symptom of publishers trying to catch that coin of the always online um games as a service because that's what the crew was at the end of the day games as a service this is a symptom of of companies trying to forever chase that is that
They didn't consider this end of what's going to happen when we pull the plug on the game.
And there's going to be some pissed off people that still want to be able to play this game that they bought.
And they're trying to rely on this whole, well, we never told you that you'd own this game forever.
But we took all your money, like it would be.
It's just, at some point, that dam's going to break.
Oh yeah, Questbusters.
Love this quote from Questbuster in chat.
Twitch.tv slash VOG Network live on Sunday night saying, we can't make SimCity offline.
What EA said about the last SimCity before making it offline.
Let's talk about, look, I've been giving a lot of people in the industry hell.
on the top of the industry.
Never the hardworking devs and frontline people actually making the games, but the people at the top in the boardrooms.
I've been giving them a lot of shit tonight.
I have something nice to say now.
I'm going to say something nice about one of them.
So note the date and time.
Matt Karsh, CEO and Co-Founder of Saber Interactive
to help, quote, shape the next generation of creative leaders in the video game industry.
To be fair, Sony Interactive Entertainment donated $3 million to the University of Southern California's Gerald A. Lawson Fund in 2022.
But that is a company.
This is one person that is a CEO at a company that, you know, what did these guys make?
Timeshift?
That's their game, right?
So, you know, it's nice to see people using that money.
Oh, Warhammer 40,000 Space Marine 2.
That's their big latest title that they did.
So it's nice to see somebody give a little bit of that money back because some people don't need all of those millions and billions of dollars in order to lead a happy life.
You can use that money for good.
So kudos to the CEO there at Saber Interactive for doing something good there to help shape future people in the industry.
So...
Bobby Blackwolf points out they're a former Embracer subsidiary.
3D Realms is part of them.
Oh, interesting.
That's pretty interesting.
All right, Loki, let's talk about the Minecraft movie and some interesting, which by the way is still making tons of fucking money, right?
Half a billion dollars now?
Yeah, almost like half a million.
Half a billion.
Yeah, half a billion.
Yeah.
So, yeah, what's going on with the Minecraft movie showings, Loki?
Okay.
It's just basically the same nonsense that's been going on.
Obviously one of the things that's been popular with the Minecraft movie is shouting out all the lines that were in the trailers.
um you know like the chicken jockey thing um you flint and steel all that type of stuff but the problem is it's become I think this is more of like a you know social media like kind of meme thing where they start um not only just shouting out the lines in the theaters but throwing popcorn at the same time and making an absolute mess of the theaters of course uh
the director of the movie Jared Hess is completely cool with that thinking like hey no harm you know it's just been crazy people are sending me some really hilarious speeches that they're doing standing up in the middle you know before the movie starts and you know it's it's hilarious you know I think it's funny that people are cheering and throwing popcorn which is funny to me that cops are getting called for popcorn cops are getting called because they're causing a lot of ruckus it's not just popcorn it's like all sorts of like
stuff happening where they're asking them to basically behave in a theater and they're not and it's not fair for the employees that have to clean up that mess either because everyone wants to participate in a meme or like you know clout for social media or something like that.
But yeah, so basically a take on it is Jared Hess is obviously for it because he's making tons of money from people going to the theater that have this type of experience, you know, repeat viewers and whatnot of the Minecraft movie.
And of course, he's not going to say, hey, tone it down a bit, you know, so they're trying to make it into like an event where people just go and shout out the lines at the screen and stuff.
I appreciate that some theaters are advertising a 4D experience for people that want to be rowdy.
I don't love the Rocky Horror comparisons.
I really don't.
And I'm somebody that's been involved with Rocky for like 20 years.
And the reason why is that Rocky Horror also kind of exists as like this safe space, especially in the 70s, especially when this whole thing started in New York City with the cult screenings.
It really existed as a safe place for
for, uh, people that really didn't fit in anywhere else to be able to congregate weekly and, you know, get out their frustrations, you know, watch this really bad movie together as a family and all of this stuff.
I don't really see those parallels when it comes to Minecraft.
And also the important thing about Rocky Horror is that you know what you're getting into when you go see the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
It is always advertised as a, you know, it's
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We've all been to a movie where somebody yells back at the screen or somebody in the audience.
Remember when we went to see The Grudge and I yelled at somebody in the back of the theater saying, would the guy with the little dick in the back of the room please shut the fuck up?
Because he kept  I shouted this at the top of my lung because this guy in the back during all the scary scenes in this movie was going 
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
so um well yeah whatever it's it's it's and it's i would never do that to kids and it's you know but i also would know to avoid the showings of the minecraft movie where there are a lot of kids like well it's not necessarily kids i think it's like older kids and like college teenagers the worst you know basically
You know, kids going there by themselves, not with, obviously, a family.
The family's not, you know, encouraging them.
I'm sure shouting, like, the line or saying the line or something like that, that's fine.
But there's people that, like, take it too far and are super obnoxious with it.
Throwing the food is just stupid anyways because...
Unless it's advertised that way as a fuck-it-all type of experience, then fine.
And one good yell is fine.
I'm not saying everything has to be, oh, it's a prim and proper night at the theater, and everybody shut the fuck up.
But look, there were a lot of people that didn't want to see Wicked.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Yeah.
And I don't know.
I think, for the most part, at least the two that I saw, it wasn't too bad.
There was a few obnoxious people shouting a lot at some of the stuff, overreacting to it.
But it was minor, and it wasn't involving throwing food or anything.
Because I can tell you...
Do you really want to risk that in this type of an environment with the people that are just pissed off at everything?
You're going to throw sodas, going to land on somebody, and they're going to come destroy that child, you know?
It's just...
That's why the police are getting called, because you're essentially... Throwing a soda at somebody is a little much.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Are there other things that I heard or read?
Was it people throwing up or, like, pretending to throw up?
Bringing live chickens into the theater?
Yeah, that's what Def just said.
An actual living chicken into the theater?
That's...
y'all we don't even let you have real it's everybody trying to one up somebody for social media clout and for the record at Rocky Horror Picture Show we don't even let you bring real lighters anymore in fact you can't throw rice you can't throw fucking rice anymore because it's too much of a pain in the ass to clean up and
And I think with the same logic with weddings too.
Like it's just not that there's birds inside the theater, but a lot of it gets swept up and swept outside where the birds might pick it up.
So use bubbles, use iPhone lights or like apps that look like lighters for there's a light.
Actually glow sticks is the big thing now because glow sticks are so cheap.
You just sell like a quarter for a glow stick and people use that during there's a light.
But it's like, oh my God, actual animals?
Please, please, please.
and I don't it's just because I don't know anyway but no fucking real animals get a grip Jesus all right um yeah let's move I'll still see Minecraft in a couple more weeks in a couple more weeks when this dies down a little more when some other new kiddie movie comes out that everybody else is distracted with we'll go see we'll go see I will leave it on Stitch well that's all July there's a lot of stuff coming out in July
By the way, didn't that movie about Sacramento come out this week?
The Michael Cera?
I saw the poster.
Yeah, because apparently we get Michael Cera as our poster child.
Yay.
Yeah, no, they made a whole fucking movie about Sacramento.
I think it's like a road trip or something.
But that really, oh God, she's so funny on that movie, that Pen15.
She was on that show.
She's in this movie.
Oh, yeah.
Maya, is that her name?
She's so funny in that show.
And she's in this movie.
And I would see it because she's in it.
So we'll see.
Anyway.
All right.
Speaking of Minecraft, I think this is very interesting.
The Minecraft soundtrack is going to be officially preserved for all eternity or until the end of our society as a nation, which could be a little sooner, with the preservation of the Minecraft soundtrack in the USA's Library of Congress.
That's right.
The original music for Minecraft is being inducted into the National Recording Registry at the Library of Congress.
So it's now part of the American Archives, which is interesting because it was composed by a German producer, Daniel Rosenfeld, known as C418.
But obviously, still, we have lots of foreign influence in our society.
A lot of the great artists and sculptures and paintings were from all over the world.
So this is just another...
The Reboot Sound for Windows 95, which I never knew was a Brian Eno, did he?
Which is one of those like new wave guys.
I did not know that.
But yeah, that was also apparently inducted into the registry, the Library of Congress.
Two of the 25 recordings that made up the additions for this year, which by the way, include other more traditional types of songs, such as the 2015 original Broadway cast of Hamilton.
Yeah.
Elton John's Goodbye Yellow Brick Road, and so on and so on, just to give you some examples of other things that are in there.
So the Minecraft soundtrack is kind of along with that, which is kind of neat.
So, all right.
With that, I think that's a good segment for us to get into the classic game of the week.
Let's get into it.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
DarkSakura isn't here tonight, so usually when DarkSakura isn't here, one of us will take over this segment for tonight.
So we're actually going to let Loki pick the classic game of the week.
Now, I just want to remind everybody, the rule that's out there for the classic game of the week is that the game has to be 10 years old.
Old or More to be inducted as a Classic Game of the Week.
And I just want you to keep that in the back of your head as we talk about tonight's inductee by Loki.
Loki, what is being inducted as a Classic Game of the Week tonight?
And believe it or not, it's actually almost 12 years old, but Grand Theft Auto V. Yes, the game that is still popular.
Still being played.
Grand Theft Auto V. It came out in September of 2013.
I remember that.
and DarkSakura.com
It's, you know, obviously Grand Theft Auto is known for its, like, you know, free roam and, you know, crime kind of simulator type games.
This one had a really great story, I think, what was unique about it, obviously, with the three different protagonists, you can kind of jump into each one of them at different times and take on the lead as those.
Of course, there was a big, massive push for online as well, so we had...
Grand Theft Auto Online but yes originally this was released on September 2013 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 later on it would then come out on in November of 2014 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One April 2015 on Windows and then of course a little bit more recent March 2022 on PlayStation 5 and then the Xbox Series
So yeah, it's been re-released a lot of times, and you bet your butt it's probably coming to the Switch 2 as well, so expect that at some point.
I don't know when, but it's probably coming.
Yeah.
So obviously this game has made so much money.
I don't even know.
Billions upon billions upon billions of dollars.
Most of that, like I said, is due to Grand Theft Auto Online, the very persistent games as a service.
Just persistent online space where you can do heists, all sorts of different mission types All the trappings of something that is trying to take your money Basically having to pay for every little thing Sports cars, rent, people to maintain your car Your car gets exploded, you gotta buy a new car, fix it up Gotta pay for all that, it ain't free
SpikeVGX in 2013
Thanks for watching!
And it's only a matter of time before we find out what's in Grand Theft Auto 6.
Oh, here we go.
It is the second best video game of all time with 210 million copies sold and making $8.5 billion worldwide in revenue.
But that's not enough, obviously.
They gotta make more money.
So...
Yeah, that's your classic game of the week.
Gotta keep renting that money.
Nice.
Alright, well, you knew, Loki, you would have to pick this one someday, but I just think it's so funny that this game is only, or this game is already 13 years old, right?
I mean, and 13, yeah, considering it's 13 years old, like, or not 13 years old, but it's like 12 years old at this point, or almost 12.
Considering that, it was like so incredible
The details that they put into this game, which is even the movement and the graphics and everything, it's going to be a wonder to see what Grand Theft Auto 6 looks like when that's released.
It really is going to be groundbreaking.
So I'm very excited to see what that looks like.
Quest Buster in chat.
Not for $120 at retail, hopefully, but we'll see.
Let's hope.
Quest Buster in chat points out, well, it'll be $80 now that Nintendo's gotten us there.
And then it's just a question of what add-ons are they going to sell you to make it $120?
What are they going to put into the online to make it $120?
By the way, it looks like we're just having some quick lag issues on Discord, so Loki's face is frozen right now, but I don't know.
Oh, fun.
Yeah, it's just a Discord thing.
I might be able to set... I'm going to do a quick one, too, just to... I don't think it's a Discord thing.
I think it's my camera app, actually.
Oh, okay.
Oh, phew.
Okay.
We'll just reset that.
There you go, yeah.
Take care of that while I mention from the chat, QuestBuster talks about the roleplay community is pretty incredible around GTA Online.
I've watched streams where people actually act as cops and robbers, perform due process and everything.
Yeah, it's... I've seen some of those roleplay streams... Oh, there you go, you're better.
I've seen some of those roleplay streams too, which are really... It's a lot, but it's... I mean, that's cool that people go all the way with it like that.
Like, if you're gonna commit to the bit, commit to the bit.
Let's talk about some other headlines in Rapid Fire News.
Loki.
Man, they keep teasing me like this.
We're going to suspend disbelief again, but apparently there's a leaker out there, an Apex Legends leaker.
who maybe have some sort of credibility, says that Titanfall 3 is actually happening and that it's going to feature the Apex Legends cast and it's going to multiplayer and campaign and all that fun stuff.
This, I guess, was leaked April 9th and said, yeah, it's almost complete.
We shall see.
I don't know, but...
What a lovely thing to announce at Summer Game Fest for release this holiday, but what do I know?
Yep, so we'll have to wait and see if that actually happens.
Then, of course, Xbox, their big summer showcase, is going to have an entire...
Outer Worlds
I could be into that.
I could be into an Oblivion remake.
We'll see.
Alright.
Because that means more Oblivion mods.
So, we'll see.
And then somebody that will inevitably create Oblivion and Skyrim in the same game.
Actually, that probably already exists somewhere.
I think that already exists.
Yes, of course it does.
Of course it does.
How dare I think otherwise?
Let's move on and talk about Street Fighter VI, which we were talking about earlier in the show.
We know that on June 5th, a new character is going to be coming out.
Elena will be the addition to the roster, which she was in Street Fighter III Strike, if I remember correctly, because I believe she was the character I preferred to play because she kind of dances.
She fights from dancing.
and this of course is being timed quite well with the launch of the Switch 2 version and the Year 1 through 2 Fighters Edition which is what basically the Switch 2 version is.
So yeah, Elena will be added on June 5th.
You can purchase with Fighter Coins and if you have the Year 2 Character Pass or Ultimate Pass, you automatically will get access to Elena.
Note that depending on your time zone, Elena may actually release on June 4th
following server maintenance, depending on where you are.
So fun new character for the game there.
And we have some new updates to Switch Online.
We have some new Genesis games or Mega Drive games, depending on where you live.
So this would mean it's for the Nintendo Switch Online expansion pack.
Um, which, uh, will add these three Genesis games to the collection.
Streets of Rage, the OG one, uh, is being released along with Super Thunder Blade and E-SWAT, City Under Siege.
All of those making their way to Switch Online.
I believe they're already there.
They got added earlier this week.
So enjoy.
Uh, let's move on and travel around the world and check out some release dates of some games coming out soon.
Loki.
We have Forever Skies coming out of Early Access on PC and PlayStation 5.
Warside on PC and Linux.
Chains of Freedom on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Lost Records, Bloom, and Rage Tape 2 on Xbox Series, PlayStation 5, and PC.
Monument Valley 1 and 2 on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series SD Gundam G Generation Eternal on iOS and Android Toho Danmaku Kagura Fantasia Lost on PlayStation 4
Bionic Bay on PC and PlayStation 5 iRobot on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, and the Atari VCS
Indiana Jones and the Great Circle coming to PlayStation 5 this week Man Dragon Aura, Whispers of the Witch Tree on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Phantom Breaker, Battlegrounds Ultimate on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
RustyRabbit on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5 Tempopo on PC, Mac, and Linux Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Lunar Remastered Collection on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
in Japan.
I believe that is a new, I think that game has been out, but there's like the Explorer Expedition.
It's like a different pressing of it.
Adam Fall is out on the PlayStation 5 this week as well.
And that's pretty much it for your Japanese releases.
Let's go to the UK.
Loki filling in.
All right.
Cthulut, Repose, The Fool's Apprentice, Supercar Collection Simulator, Stygian Outer Gods, Hot Rod Mayhem,
Forever Skies on PlayStation 5, Monument Valley 1 and 2 coming to Switch as well, Lost Records Bloom and Rage Tape 2 on PC, PlayStation 5, Xbox Series, Lush Foil Photography Sim on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Sphinx and the Cursed Mummy on Xbox One, Chains of Freedom on PC, PlayStation, Xbox Series, Finding Frankie on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series, Lost for Swords on PC, Dive the Depths on PC.
Do not press the button or you'll delete the multiverse on PC.
Oops.
whoopsie, press the button Bionic Bay on PC and PlayStation 5 Leela on Switch, PlayStation, and Xbox
Chasmal Fear on PC, Indiana Jones and the Great Circle on PlayStation 5, Wisdom Academy on PC, Tempopo on PC, Xbox, and Switch, Mandragora, Whispers of the Witch Tree on PlayStation 5, Xbox Series, Switch, and PC, and
White Knuckle on PC, Rusty Rabbit on PlayStation 5 and Switch, Phantom Breaker Battlegrounds Ultimate on PlayStation Switch and Xbox and PC, and Lunar Remastered Collection on PlayStation, Xbox, Switch, and PC.
Busy, busy.
That's it.
Yep, yep, yep.
All right.
Well, we got one more story for you tonight.
We were talking about a particular TV show and how appropriately timed for the return of said TV show, right, Loki?
Yes, because, because, you know, you're just worried that like, hey, Last of Us Season 2 is launching on Max.
I want to say HBO, but yeah, I guess it's still Max now.
How am I going to ever play The Last of Us?
There's not like re-released, re-released, re-released games.
If only there was a solution to this problem.
Well, don't worry.
Sony has let you know that The Last of Us Complete,
The Last of Us Part 1 and Part 2 Remastered into a single package It is $100 And you can buy it You can consume Fuck off!
$100?
$100 for two games Fuck off I was going to make a joke Nintendo is going to charge $180 for this because it's two games The truth is stranger than fiction
So yeah, when did The Last of Us Part 2 Remastered come out?
Was that like earlier this year?
I don't remember.
I thought it was a couple years ago at this point.
Is it?
Maybe.
Maybe not.
Oh, 2020.
So they're charging $50 for a four-year-old, five-year-old game?
Remastered.
Right.
Oh, OK.
Last was part two was 2020.
Well, when's the remastered?
Tell me.
It wasn't that long.
It was one or two years ago.
OK, OK.
Yeah.
Last year.
So January 19th.
OK.
Well, OK.
So at the very beginning of last year.
Yeah.
Last year.
So.
Still.
should be lower than $49.99 I guess we see where Nintendo got their inspiration well that game is always on sale if you're paying full price for those games either of them
Wait, because they always go on sale during PlayStation sales.
And then I'm almost positive those games show up on the PlayStation Plus service that, you know, if you want to pay the extra money for that.
But of course, you know, Nintendo, Sony will get that $100 out of you one way or another.
So there's that as well.
So, oh, I guess I'm trying to figure.
OK, so The Last of Us.
was Last of Us Part 1.
Okay, so that's not Last of Us Remastered because that gets confusing as well on top of all that.
It's Last of Us Part 1.
How much is that?
Probably...
$70 for the PlayStation 5 version.
See, Nintendo just got their inspiration from the last one.
But that came out in 2022.
I mean, for one, that should have never been $70.
Well, actually, the game originally came out in 2013 on the PlayStation 3.
Yeah, so the other reason it's a savings is because they're overcharging for the first one already, and they're going to keep it that way so it makes it like a savings, but it really is not.
Vote with your wallet, people.
Vote with your wallet.
So stupid.
By the way, you got to kick your camera again, Loki.
Let's open it up now for you all.
If you have anything you want to ask us, you can do that now in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
You could also give us a call if you want.
vognetwork.com slash discord is the way to join our Discord server and you can chat with us throughout the week.
We have some really good conversations sometimes in our chat.
Actually, more often than not in our different chat rooms over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
So I'd really encourage you to join if you want.
Um, so, uh, yeah, check that out.
And if you want to call in live tonight, you can join our green room and we'll take some of those.
Um, otherwise I'll take some of your chat comments.
By the way, we do not have any emails tonight, but I will put the email address out there one more time.
That's participate at orange lounge radio.com.
And I don't think we have, I, I, I've been trying to work blue sky into the rotation.
If you want to send us a message on blue sky, uh, you can tag us at orange lounge radio.com.
So we're verified by domain on Blue Sky.
So you just use orangelaundry.com if you want to tag us, which I will say a shout out to SSJ100 Matt, who was kind enough to post a clip from last week's show saying there are three classic blunders.
Thank you for watching!
to folks for clipping the show and doing those sorts of things.
That really goes a long way because, you know, people see that that maybe aren't necessarily subscribed and then they go, oh, this guy's real angry.
We want to go check him out.
So, yeah, clips are great.
Appreciate that.
Otherwise, we got a shout out from our pals at Game Buoy, which we appreciate as well.
We got a tag in that.
So, again, if you want to send us a blue sky message at OrangeLawnTrader.com is the place to do it.
Alright, well, I guess with that, we're going to wrap it up for tonight.
Actually, do you have any last-minute stories, Loki, before we do?
I was gonna mention it's it's not a huge thing like I know that like the way that the uh websites have been like making it seem like it that's the same um you may remember it was I think Don Matrick a while back said like you know hey if you can't afford you know an Xbox series console Xbox one is for you type of thing you remember that okay I can see why you thought that was a Don Matrick quote but he's been out of the gaming industry or at least the Xbox yeah for a long time okay
Well, then I don't care.
It's someone on the Xbox.
Doug Bowser said something recently that's kind of along the same lines to the Washington Post saying that we have an install base for the Switch of 150 million plus units.
We'll probably announce more on May 8th when we have our next earning call.
We want to keep those players engaged.
Not all of them may be ready to jump to Switch 2.
Which, the way people were phrasing it before was like, oh, he's saying the same thing.
Like, if you're too poor for the Switch 2, buy a Switch 1 type thing.
Um...
It doesn't sound like that's necessarily the case here, but yeah, essentially, I mean, if that is what he was trying to say, then no.
But it doesn't appear to be that.
It kind of reeks of let them eat cake, but I will give Doug Bowser's quote one crumb of credit, and that is that at least the Switch is being very well supported still over the next year.
We have a lot, you know, remember the direct we got the week before the Switch 2 was about the Switch 1.
We still have a shit ton of games coming out, including in 2026, that new Tomodachi Life.
So at least, and I will give him this crumb, at least, you know, if you were to buy a Switch tomorrow, you still have something that's being pretty well supported for another year.
At least, I'm sure indies are going to take that even further than that.
Yeah, Mike Def points out Rhythm Heaven as well.
And there's, you know, obviously they showed a lot of gay fantasy life is only about a month away.
You know, there's a lot of things that are still coming out on the original Switch that are going to make people very happy.
But again, I just, it just, would it kill you to drop the price of the Switch then?
Because that's usually what happens when the new phone comes out, the price of the old phone goes down.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Hmm.
All right.
Well, with that, I'm going to thank you, as always, for listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you for participating with our show.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
Tell a friend or two.
Help us spread the word because, again, yeah, we are that show where every gamer has a voice, and we want to have more voices in the room.
A nice five-star review on a site like Apple Podcasts, YouTube, or Spotify goes an awful long way.
So please don't forget to click that five-star button.
We really appreciate it.
Tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread that word.
Social media, a little bleat or something goes a very long way as well.
We really appreciate that.
Since we do post every episode on YouTube, it's something very easy to link and put right into your show feed so people can just click play and check it out.
So we really appreciate all that.
We'll be back in seven days to do this all over again.
DarkSakura will be back next week.
We'll see where the Nintendo Switch 2 pricing situation is at in a week.
Will we have a new pre-order date?
Will we have a price?
Honestly, probably not.
I think there's still too much instability going on in this whole thing.
I know if I was Nintendo, I would not want to commit to this still.
I think we're going to still be waiting another week.
You know what?
I say that and then guess what's going to happen Monday morning?
New press release comes out.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
Final thoughts.
Loki, we'll go to you with your final thought.
Final thought is, yeah, just go check out the channel if you haven't yet.
The YouTube channel.
LokiLR and YouTube.
And my final thought is I should get back into content creation outside this show.
I haven't done a YouTube or a personal stream in a long time, but it's because I've actually been... Actually, I looked at my thing today.
I have averaged 9,000 steps a day this week.
So yesterday I did a little less because of Oreo showing up.
I kind of did yesterday as a rest day, but otherwise I have done...
9,000 average stuff so it took at least 10,000 if not 11,000 every other day to make up for yesterday so today I think I'm up to about 12,000 um but it feels it feels great and I got my Pokemon not Pokemon Pikmin Bloom Badge although I've been playing a shit ton of Pokemon Go again like just having the Bluetooth while I walk is so I keep running out of Pokeballs thank god I have the new one that will let you throw great balls and let you throw ultra balls so I can stock up on the red ones too while I walk but um
Yeah, it's been good to be prioritizing walking again, but it has meant some of my other things have taken a hit.
And I guess on a personal note, I'm also very excited.
I'm starting a new job tomorrow.
Same company.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Same company.
all that it's just it's a promotional opportunity uh really thrilled about it obviously I don't like to say a lot a lot because some people on the internet are a little crazy when it comes to um you know trying to find people uh so I don't like to say a lot a lot about my day job but I do really enjoy the environment where I work and I'm really excited to in fact my boss has listened to this show that should tell you a lot about what they're willing to put up with there
But I am going to be taking on a new role and I'm really excited about it and really happy and thrilled about it.
So thank you.
So yes, a new adventure in many different ways tomorrow.
So we'll talk to you again in seven days.
Until then, I will give Oreo lots of pets for you all and Cheddar as well.
And we'll see you in seven days when we do this all again.
Good night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
See you next week.
