This week Rocket League wraps up its Championship Series and teases more new content bringing
power-ups to your favorite RC-powered soccer simulator.
Loosen your boots and join us for this and plenty more news on tonight's episode of the
show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, August the 14th of 2016 with episode number 654 of
our show.
My name is Rob Roberts here with you in Studio N7 in lovely Sacramento, California to talk
with you guys over the next few hours about video games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle.
Again I'm Rob and you can find me on Twitter at Skie and she is DarkSakura.
I have blue roots.
Yeah, actually I love this hair thing you've got going on with the blended like blue to
red thing.
I went to see Monet and my hair is blue going into red in some parts and purple in others.
So it's actually both.
It's really unfortunate that this is radio so nobody can see it.
Maybe if someone bribes me with cheesecake, I'll take a picture.
I will thank you for being a friend.
You'll travel around the world and back again for cheesecake.
Also joining us tonight, welcome back this week, Loki.
Yes and my breadsticks go from marinara to creamy garlic sauce.
Oh, I see that it's blended, blended sauces as opposed to blended hair.
I see, fantastic.
How was your couple weeks been?
I'm sorry you weren't here last week, but yeah, I had to deal with the kids last week.
I understand it happens because my wife couldn't pick them up and as a result, we had to deal
with Shane.
So thank you for that.
No, it's fine.
No, he did.
He did.
It was at Power Morphicon.
He did a fine job.
Yeah.
He's at Power Morphicon right now actually.
And this will be the second podcast today where I've brought him up.
His ego has got to be swelling because we did Poke Stop earlier today.
He wasn't able to be there.
So obviously because he's doing the Power Morphicon stuff of covering for Ranger Pride,
his show.
So, but I'm sure he'll be back another week to bless us with his presence again and talk
about how his shiny hunting is going.
Yep.
So it's basically been just a rollercoaster of karma, I guess.
So starting off with the bad karma, I guess for some reason, well not even really bad
karma, just bad shit that fucking happened.
So like I was at work and my pants ripped like to the point, like thankfully it was,
I was already at my car, you know, when that happened.
So it wasn't like anything embarrassing, but like, like almost to the point where like
one of the pant legs could literally have come off.
I don't even know how that happened.
It's just like, I'm like, where the fuck did this happen?
Same day, check engine light comes on, like, are you fucking kidding me?
And then I go home, check your engine and check your caboose.
And then I go home to work on my computer and everything's cool.
Then all of a sudden, you know, I go to shut my son's window because it's, you know, it's
just before bed, you know, and everything.
I shut his window, come back, my computer's black screen.
And I was like, okay, that's weird.
So I restart it, won't restart, have to reload windows again, reload windows, seems fine
for a while, start to, you know, import myself for my backup again.
Fucking does it again.
Did it again.
Today, I redid everything.
Once again, third time, finally had the reinstall windows for the third time.
So far, it hasn't crashed yet, but that's the shit I have to fucking deal with.
So wait, so that's the bad karma.
What's the good karma?
Oh, the good karma is just, you know, work shit.
So basically I've had lots of meetings with people.
The department I'm working in right now, they're very manual for everything that they do.
So like data entry stuff is just all very manual.
So by showing a little ass at work, you got a promotion?
No, no, no.
That's what it sounds like to me.
No, no, no, by basically, because we use a terminal program that basically emulates an
old mainframe system and it supports macros and those macros support Visual Basic Scripting.
And so out of sheer boredom or just curiosity, I've been teaching myself Visual Basic Scripting.
That is a great skill to have.
We had some people at my old job that's like, that did that stuff.
Yes.
And I've fucking rocked it basically because I've automated a ton of shit and just like
done stuff with her.
They're like, I didn't even know you could do that.
And just like all my boss, my boss's boss, the director of the environment, they're just
like all fucking static.
Would you say that maybe all those programming things for the game you never fucking finished?
I was trying to work on it twice when I've tried to work on it.
My computer is just self-destructed.
So it's like, I've tried, but the fucking universe doesn't want it to happen.
You're cursed.
Oh, hi.
I need to introduce as well.
We also have here in studio, another special guest to the show who has nothing to promote.
Not even a Twitter, not a show.
He's just here to hang out.
Say hello everybody to Mike.
What's up?
Hey Mike.
How's it going?
Is your mic on, Mike?
I don't know.
I don't know why we weren't hearing you.
Anyway.
Hi Mike.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
How are you?
It is the show.
It is.
I thought you were promoting a sports podcast last time you were here, but it never happened.
No, I just said I was, I was, uh, no, what was it?
Uh, Hearthstone.
I was doing Hearthstone.
Oh, Hearthstone.
Are you still streaming?
Hearthstone?
I haven't had the time to stream lately, but yeah, it's on my list.
It's on my list.
It's on my to do list.
It's a lengthy to do list.
But yeah.
Uh, Mike also joined us on Pokestop podcast this week, filled in for an absent Shane.
So there's that.
Um, and you have such a unique name that people could find too easy on the internet.
If you want to follow you.
I'm sure.
Exactly.
Well maybe this time around, I'll, I'll plug a Twitter handle or something.
There you go.
You know, believe I'm interesting enough.
There you go.
Awesome.
Uh, as 200 Matt in chat says, yay sports, do you play sports games?
I mean, this, this is a big time to be talking usually, usually the one show a year will
regress in a sports game.
Talk is, is Superbowl Sunday, but we have Olympics right now and that's kind of a big
deal.
Do you play sports games?
I don't play sports games.
Um, only because they make me want to just go play the sport instead.
And then you're one of those guys.
You're one of those guys, right?
Why, why would I, why would I play double dribble when I can go outside and actually
bounce about?
I want to see the look of shame on the person's face.
But can you, can you dunk like the game?
Not anymore.
I used to.
Yeah.
That's cool.
So, so, uh, do you, do you play like the Olympic games?
I mean, I suppose this is a topical question for me to ask you ever played any of those
like Mario and Sonic at the, uh, the last one I played was, Oh good God, it was, uh,
the 2008 Olympic one.
The Wii one.
That was, those are huge.
Yeah.
Those are huge.
Yeah.
It made your shoulders burn, man.
Yeah.
Cause you had to work it up a sweat and everything.
It was disgusting.
I was like, Oh, this is too much for a game for me.
Um, let's see.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, uh, where we do tape live every Sunday night
at the voice geeks, network, vognetwork.com, six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern right
after the Bobby Blackwell show at Bobby actually starts us off here with a comment in our chat
at live.vognetwork.com with I played the official video game of the real Olympics grand theft
auto five.
Yes.
I am hearing there are some unfortunate issues going on there.
Um, that joke is probably an extreme USA basketball staying on a boat.
It's uh, it's, that joke is probably an extremely poor taste, but I did snicker, um, as it happens,
uh, dark to see and chat says, that's why I prefer NBA jam and NFL blitz.
I was never into sports.
What do you tell all the gamers that are like, I'm not into sports.
Do we need to just suck it up and try or what?
Try playing sports?
Yeah.
No, it's not for everyone.
I coach.
I see it.
It's like, yeah, it's not for everyone.
Do you, I don't know if I should ask this cause I don't want you to get in trouble if
somebody hears this.
Okay.
Do you ever have a kid that you're coaching where you're like, just seriously pull the
kid out of class all the time.
But then I, since I'm a good coach, I encourage them nonetheless and uh, understand that most
of it's confidence.
So it's like if I, you know, especially in basketball, it's not, uh, all about scoring.
It's like, there's so much other things that you can do to be helpful.
So it's like, I'm going to find something that you're going to get you that you're good
at.
That was a very PC answer that won't get you fired.
You handled that very well.
That's actually how I really, truly do it.
That's not just being PC.
That's actually how I do it.
That's a great answer.
You should go volunteer for the Donald Trump campaign and help his ass out cause he needs
to help him.
Yeah.
Um, where do I get cyanide?
A shovel.
Cyanide?
All right.
Not, not, not.
Okay.
Not okay.
A shovel will help because you're going to need a solid foundation for a giant wall like
that.
There you go.
Now that's a funny joke.
All right.
Okay.
Anyway, uh, let's see.
Going back to our chat live.vognetwork.com Bobby Black Wolf says, I played baseball for
two years as a young kid, but my stereo blindness made it hard to watch the ball, but they had
to play me anyway because every kid got played.
Yep.
So, so you, so you have to put the kids in.
Yeah.
But then like I get to make up my roster.
So like my, my lineup, so it's like, I'm going to make sure that that kid that's the weakest
is at least with some kid that knows what he's doing or she, you know, um, Oh, do you
ever get kids that think they know everything about the sport because they played video
games?
No, actually I've never, I've never had that happen.
I've never had that happen.
I think of like, like I've been coaching for like eight years and I've only had one kid
ever mentioned like playing 2k or anything like that.
Oh, no one plays them.
Hey, well I was, 2k is fun.
It's just not a game that I go out and pick up.
Well, I was thinking there's so many like kids that are like, well, I saw that he saw
somebody do this on TV.
It's easy.
So video games seems like a natural progression to watch space jam.
I can jam.
Yeah, I could dunk from half court.
Heck yeah.
Bugs Bunny could do it.
He's a rabbit.
I mean, for God's sakes.
Actually Loki brings up a very important question that I have to ask, you know, any
basketball coach I'm ever going to talk to in my life of which you're the only one I
know.
So here you go.
On a scale of one to 10, how culturally important is the movie Space Jam?
Space Jam is life.
So 11.
Maybe even a 12.
Okay.
It's important.
It's an important movie.
And at this point in time, none of the kids have seen Space Jam.
You know what?
Why don't you sit them down the first day and be like, you need to, oh no, I just avoid
trying to talk about that stuff with them because I'm like, uh, you're going to make
me feel way older than I need to feel.
Two truths.
I own it on laser disc.
Second truth.
Haven't seen it all the way through.
What?
This needs to be fixed.
I'll tell you something that needs to be fixed.
Is it too soon for spoilers on that?
They go to outer space and then play basketball.
Yes.
Guess who wins?
The Looney Tunes.
Let's see.
Art Tetsuya in chat says, I think the Space Jam official website is still up.
It is.
And it's amazing.
It is.
It is original.
It re it reminds you of a time when the only city in America that mattered was geo cities.
Oh, it just takes you back to a simpler time.
Uh, and STO 100 Matt says, come on, Rab slam.
Come on Rab.
Come on, Rob slam and welcome to the jam.
Every time they say they want going to remake that movie, I die a little bit.
Me too.
Just, just don't like Hollywood, Hollywood needs to stop with the remakes.
Stop.
Well, they didn't want to do all of the remake.
They wanted to do a quote unquote, seek cool.
Even spiritual, even sequels are getting a little worrisome.
Like I just, I just heard the other week they're going to make a sequel to the craft and I'm
like, no, no, don't touch that.
Well, they have the new witch movie coming out.
Now you see here's where I'm on the line.
I actually hear that's really, really good.
So I don't know.
So I guess I can't use the blanket statement of ban all sequels and ban all remakes.
Cause if I said ban all sequels, we wouldn't get new star Wars movies and you know, kind
of need those.
But then again, that last star Trek movie here was not very great either.
What do you, I hear in this, this re most recent one's the best one.
Really?
Yeah.
But it's not doing well at the box office.
Unfortunately it is the new star Trek.
Yeah.
Oh, I want to see it though.
Yeah.
I think that's a problem.
We're not going to see it.
I, and not to get, sorry, not to get too tangent because I know we're a video game show, but
I think this is important is I was reading a very interesting article online about why
isn't the movie star Trek performing better?
Is it because the last movie wasn't so great?
Is it because people are sick of the Abrams verse?
Is it because, and I kind of think it's those things as well, but honestly, do you know
what I think is the reason why star Trek is losing at the box office?
There's no star Trek TV series on right now.
Part of it, but there wasn't one with the last two movies either.
And they did a fine.
I think it's because a stranger things.
I think it's because Netflix is starting to change a lot of this conversation when you
can watch these very high quality things at home.
It's almost like, and this is why I think this is a good topic for significantly cheaper
too.
Yeah.
It's almost like what killed arcades when you could bring the, you know, gaming experience
home.
Now, I know a lot of people are going to be like, Rob, you're, you're talking like an
idiot because if movies were going to die because you could bring the experience home
that was happening back.
I mean, when that, when, when the beta max have killed the movie theater, I just, things
are getting more and higher quality and so forth where I think the things that are being
offered on television, especially specialty services like Netflix and so forth are like
on par with a lot of stuff that we go to the movies and see and for far less money.
And I think that's, that's what I'm talking about.
I'm not talking about the technology behind it.
I'm talking about what all is being offered.
Well, here's the problem is a lot of these companies that are making these movies are
just throwing just a ridiculous amounts of money towards these franchises, but they're
bad.
I mean, you could throw all your money, you wanted a bad movie.
It's still going to be bad.
Well, I don't know.
I still want to see the movie, but I didn't mean, I didn't mean to get too tangenty, but
I just, you know, I kind of thought that there was, there was a little bit of a relevancy
there when we talk about arcades.
I saw suicide squad and that was awesome.
Yeah.
Yeah.
See, and Will Smith wasn't even annoying in it.
I thought for sure.
Like, you know, when they had the first trailer, was it some sort of super suicide squad?
Like, Oh, come on.
That's so cringy.
Actually, it was pretty good.
It was pretty good.
But yet I, you know, what's funny, you, you have like the opposite view on movies than
most people I talk to because a lot of people I'm hearing suicide squad, not, not a big
fan of it because they're expecting like a ton of joker, you know, footage and stuff.
Like he wasn't in the whole time, but that's all right.
I thought it was fun.
They cut apparently a whole bunch of the scenes, especially the ones that painted his relationship
with Harley is a lot more abusive as what made it into the movie.
If you haven't seen it yet, there's a suicide squad review at voggenetwork.com and you know
at vog, we allow, you know, uh, response reviews and so forth.
Right.
So, um, I'm not going to spoil what our author thought of the review, but you know, he kind
of felt one way.
And what's interesting is that you don't see this happen with a lot of reviews at vog network.
We have both concurring and dissenting opinions.
So kind of interesting how that's working out.
You know, uh, you know, I like it when not everybody necessarily agrees, we can have
a civil discussion, keyword civil on, uh, the, uh, you know, kind of differences there.
So, um, but then I want to mention in chat over at live.vog.network.com also, um, SHO
100 map pointing out the cost of going to a theater cost twice as much as a monthly
payment to Netflix.
Yeah.
Uh, William murder face and chat says, see star Wars seven.
And I think, see, here's the thing, and this is important because I don't think like movies
are going to like die or go away because there's still something to be said about event films.
And a movie like star Wars is still an event film.
And perhaps the reason why star Trek three is not performing as well as the others is
that star Trek is losing that sense of an event film.
And I don't know if that's because there's no TV show because the last movie wasn't so
great and people are tired of the Abrams verse.
I don't know what that is because there's no captain Jean-Luc Picard in there is why,
but then here's okay.
Dark Sakura, what movie did you see in a theater this week?
Because I thought this was interesting.
Oh yeah.
I saw how it's a movie castle.
And isn't that movie something like 10 years old?
2004.
Yeah.
So, but yet people, there was a lot of people that went to go pay and see this movie, right?
Cause they made, they made an event out of it.
I hadn't seen it before either and it had been on my list and I just never saw it.
Um, and uh, this, uh, group here in Sacramento that does a lot of the cult movies like Rocky
horn stuff, they just did a screening of the lost boys and hocus pocus, which I haven't
seen hocus pocus either are two amazing films and they, they, I don't know if they sold
out the theater, but they got several hundred people there to see these movies that are
years and years old.
Well, I love going to the crest anyway.
It's gorgeous inside there.
Sometimes it's fun to just so see cult movies with a big crowd of people who yell at the
script.
I mean, that's part of the, why I did Rocky horror for years.
They actually said, um, uh, please be quiet during the film and don't, you know, call
out at the screen.
Well, sure, sure.
And if you're just like, well, this ain't Rocky.
Yeah, it depends.
It depends on what you're seeing.
Right.
But everyone was really respectful.
Yeah.
So anyway, uh, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, uh, let's see, um, stopping and chats is
so crazy that the critic score on Rotten Tomatoes is like 25% and audience is like 75%.
I think that's about suicide squad.
Um, let's see also, um, uh, Sia Tabiri says like before noon, my local AMC has basically
half price tickets.
I'm cheap and go to the movies when they have deals.
Maybe movies are getting too expensive.
I don't know.
Making these other ways to consume media more attractive.
I don't, we need more of the movie grill places.
Yeah.
They need more of those.
And they also are starting to add a lot of gimmicks to it.
Like they have the D box stuff, which I've tried it before and it was fun.
Yeah.
We saw Tron in the D one was fun and D box.
It was silly, but finally, but now they've got this thing, like I don't even know what
it is necessarily, but I saw they had it during our little preview thing and it's like, it's
like a three monitors display basically.
I've heard about it like in front of you and then kind of the side, like for sort of
like a surround ish thing.
And you know what they're trying to do with that?
Something that you can't replicate in the home.
So you have to come to the theater except people have fucking three monitors plays well
already.
So, Ooh.
All right.
Anyway.
All right.
I need to, I need to shift the conversation back to games.
Although I love this talk about movies and you know, I think, I think anybody who is
a fan of games, of course you consume, I'm sure a lot of you watch Netflix while you
game or, or do other stuff as well.
But I want to get back into video games and specifically the types of stuff that we've
been playing this week.
Cause I know there's one big game we got to talk about in this segment.
And I think it's the game everybody's talking about, but everybody plays different stuff.
So let's talk about your gaming week, dark soccer.
How was your gaming week?
I played Sims four.
I played Pokemon go.
Dan played, um, another Metroid remake too.
Oh yeah.
How was that?
He likes it.
I love the music in it.
I used to turn off, um, whatever I was, uh, my music in Sims just to listen to Dan play
the music and then would watch him for a little bit cause he's playing it on his computer.
Um, it's really great.
Yeah.
They did a really good job with that remake.
I mean, but I super liked the Brinstar music in there cause it's like the super Metroid
one.
Yeah.
Only a lot more subdued.
So it has like the, the background, uh, uh, like the counter melody in it, but the, the
main tone of it is different.
So it's pretty cool.
I don't know.
I understand why Nintendo had to, you know, kind of step in and, and you know, for obvious
reasons, right?
They cease and desisted the whole Metroid thing, but I just wish there's a part of me
that kind of wishes Nintendo would kind of see the demand for this and think about maybe
if there's these people that want to make this, then try to try to work something out.
But they are seeing that there's a demand for Metroid.
That's why Metroid Federation Force, a truly Metroid game is coming out very soon.
I, here's the thing I actually think with that game, I think that was a way to keep
the trademark.
I think they, they made a Metroid game, like the Silent Hill Plinko and it actually, uh,
you mean Pachinko?
Plinko is a game that Drew Carey moderates on the Price is Right.
Sure.
But Pachinko, it keeps those trademarks alive.
Yes.
But just re-release the virtual console games or something on like a disc or something.
It would be still way better than this garbage, which is available either this week on the
3DS.
Well, until you've played it, I don't think you can call it garbage, though, have you?
Really?
I need to play it to see that it's garbage.
Here we go.
Here we go.
I mean, I've only seen the trailers and that's convincing enough.
What if it's good?
Suicide Squad had some pretty crap trailers.
What are we talking about?
All their trailers were fucking awesome.
They were pretty fucking awesome, actually.
I'm sorry.
I'm not in agreement.
All right.
All right.
I got you.
There is like nothing that screams, this is Metroid.
It's just like, hey, this is not the title.
Yeah, exactly.
The title.
Anyway, back to Dark Soccer and her gaming week, this is AM2R.
That's it.
Oh, that's it.
Oh, yeah.
I actually have been playing a bunch of Peggle lately.
Okay.
Just because it's quick and easy and I'm actually pretty good at it.
You know what I miss?
PopCap.
I miss PopCap games.
I mean, I understand.
I think they're putting out stuff.
They do the Plants vs. Zombies shooter or something like that.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I miss PopCap before EA bought them, like when they were making those silly, addictive
games.
Oh, and I also bought Legion so I can meet my demon hunter.
World of Warcraft Legion.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fun.
Because of reasons.
Because...
I'm tired.
Rob, let's have coffee.
I could make some coffee if you need some coffee.
Wait, I already thought you can't drink coffee.
That was, that's over.
I can drink it again.
Well, then...
Well, let's get you coffee.
Rob!
Coffee!
Anyway.
We need cheesecake delivery.
All right.
Stop talking about food.
Get back to games.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
So my gaming week was pretty much consisting of mobile games because once again, my wife
is still watching Grey's Anatomy.
But I did get a few days to play No Man's Sky, so that's good.
And No Man's Sky is pretty fantastic.
The first planet I ended up on was pretty cold, I guess.
And so I ended up leaving that and ended up on a hot planet.
And then I left that planet to, I thought it was a moon, but I guess maybe it's another
planet that's actually more moderate and has some water and stuff in there.
And it's kind of funny because the planet that I was, this last planet I was on, has
all these really giant dinosaur-looking things that are friendly.
And this little fucking cow-looking thing is fucking aggressive.
Is it a shifty space cow?
Yes, it is a shifty space cow.
It comes up and it's like rawr!
And then tries to attack me, and I just shoot the laser thing into its head.
It's all...
It's just silly because it's no threat whatsoever.
It just comes up, bites me, and I shoot it in the face of the laser.
It just falls over.
And I laugh.
Until the sentinels show up and they're like...
See, we have fucking sentinels.
Did you destroy one of my rocks?
You're fucking dead.
We're gonna send a giant robot.
I'm like, dude, I just fucking blew up a rock that's in a cave.
What the fuck do you care?
So, I don't know.
I hate the sentinels.
Those are seriously the worst thing in that game.
That and the glitch where apparently your hyperdrive thing is all broken if you get
the pre-order thing, which...
I'm on a different ship now, and I was trying to repair that hyperdrive.
Probably why I can't find the part to do it, so...
That makes sense.
Are you on PC or PlayStation 4?
PlayStation 4.
Oh, okay.
I was curious if you were subject to all those issues the PC version's been having.
Yes, I'm subject to that because my PC is shit and wouldn't be able to run that at all.
It would be just like, no, sorry.
Alan's running it on PC.
He actually was watching me play it, and he watched it enough where he's like, fine, I'm
gonna get this.
And he bought it on PC, and honestly, it looks better on PlayStation 4, but I think that's
because he had to turn the settings way down to get the frame rate to work.
Yeah, they're still fixing stuff.
Because obviously, and I know we'll get to it later in some of the stories and so forth,
but obviously the PC version's been having a lot of issues, which is unfortunate, but
kind of makes you go...
With my laptop being as shitty as it was this week, I'm actually thinking about building
a PC now.
But of course, my way, not a normal PC.
It's gonna basically be this portable PC that I'll be using for VR, but it's also gonna
have a custom-built screen slash keyboard thing that's basically like my laptop that's
tethered to it that I'll be able to pull out and use on my lap as a laptop, and then shove
that big hunky thing with a 1080 GTX card in there, and I'll be set.
That's of course if I get this new job and the pay raise that comes with it and all that
stuff.
In the meantime, I'll just deal with this.
Other stuff I've been playing, mobile games again.
Of course, I've actually been playing more Ingress this week than I have been playing
Pokemon Go.
I have been playing Pokemon Go, I'm getting bored with it, honestly.
It's just...
In my neighborhood and stuff, because I don't really get to go out that far to places.
And even when I do go to different places, it ends up like Roseville, nearby, or wherever.
It's just the same shit over and over.
It's the same fucking Pokemon that are everywhere, and it's just boring.
Especially when I'm playing it and there's Rattata or something that's got a 500 CP or
something.
I'm like, I know this is gonna be a pain in the ass to catch.
I'm literally walking away from those now, because it's a waste of my time.
So I'm getting a little bored with it, but still playing it, whatever, and then Ingress,
of course I'm playing that just to keep up my streak, which is almost over at the end
of September.
So hopefully that'll be that.
And then still tap my Katamari, because when I haven't been able to have the TV, it's just
been kind of what I've been going to.
And they had another exploit in the game, which is patched out now.
But if you haven't patched yours, because I read about that, and they said, oh yeah,
we're patching that out.
I'm like, well I'm not fucking upgrading then.
So it's basically, you do the auto-step thing that they have, it's like some love thing,
I don't remember what it's called.
And then you change your language settings, and it stays on.
And you can stack it a bunch of times.
And so basically just let it sit there, and the game will play itself.
Of course I have other ways to do that as well.
But although their new update, they did add some stuff, so I may need to do that, but
right now I'm not.
I still don't know why I'm playing that game either, because there's really no point to
it.
It's like, I'm playing this, I'm like, why am I still playing this game?
There's no fucking point to this game.
I don't know.
You can say that about almost any game though, to be fair.
Well no ask I even, sometimes I'm like, I don't really know what I'm doing here, I go
to these different planets and it's just kind of like, I don't know, this creature sort
of looks like that last creature I saw.
And the sentinels really ruin it, because it'd be fun to like, here's how I thought
it was supposed to be, I thought it was, oh if you're like a fucking dick to all the wildlife
out there, you're just blowing shit up, then the sentinels come and try to stop you.
Which makes sense.
But like the fact that like, oh you harvested a rock, well we're gonna have to fucking send
like nukes on you now, it's like, that makes no sense.
That they're on every fucking planet in the fucking universe, is a dumb thing that they
added.
Yeah, I understand the need to like gamify it, but I almost wish they'd put in like a
difficulty thing where you could just turn it off, like kind of like in Minecraft, you
have peaceful mode or whatever, you could do that, but then when you're supposedly in
an online universe, I guess everything has to be stabilized, although, how online is
it really?
I'm sure we heard about the two people that, you know, tried to run into each other by
being in the same galaxy and nothing, I guess.
Well there were server issues, and I think one of them was not connected to the online
server, because if you notice in the screenshots, they were both in the same spot, but it was
different times of day, so it wasn't synced up, and so that's what they even said to their
server issues, and they have new features now that you can scan for players that are
nearby and go meet them, so they're trying to promote that, and you can do that, it's
just, their, you know, the server problems right now are just pretty bad.
Thankfully though, it doesn't rely too much on the online servers, so you can still play
the game without it really being a problem that you can't connect all the time.
So I'm definitely going to be playing a lot more of that.
Yeah, I'm still super into No Man's Sky myself, in fact, are you done with your game of the
week?
Because I want to talk about No Man's Sky.
Alright, so, obviously, I've been playing No Man's Sky as well, started with a live
stream on Monday, I got the game a day early by some miracle, just by Amazon, didn't
pull any strings or anything, so I got the game a day early, so the first thing I was
like, I'm going to do a live stream, and did like a, you know, I don't know anything about
this game live stream, and I, you know, I've been a little bit critical of No Man's Sky
in the lead up to it being, you know, we've joked, I don't think it was like actual criticism,
but like, kind of like tongue in cheek, like, where's the game, yo?
What's the game in No Man's Sky, y'all keep showing these trailers, but where's the game?
You know, now that I understand, you know, what the game is, yes, I get that it's a journey
basically, and you, it's an inventory management sim, well, in a way, in a way, yes, the game
is to live off the land with limited resources, you know, because it is in a lot of games
that you play, like let's say a role playing game like Final Fantasy, it is kind of something
how you could carry around like, you know, 970 items in your magical backpack, you know,
you can craft a hyperdrive, but for some reason, I just can't build more pockets or like a
larger backpack to hold 500 units of ore, but anyway, look, okay, all that stuff aside,
like, I get the progression of being able to expand that and the whole live off the
land element.
So, you know, I understand that that's part of the challenge.
So actually, like, I find No Man's Sky to be that really, like, great blend of zen that
I get from Minecraft, like, digging a tunnel in Minecraft is very zen for me, like, it's
just very, like, relaxing and something I could just kind of do, you know, building
a coaster or whatever, it's just like something silly, time wasting, no point, whatever.
And I kind of, I kind of get that out of No Man's Sky as well.
I think part of what's always not worked for me in Minecraft is that I'm not much of a
builder.
So it's like, I'm building like straightaway tunnels, but I'm not able to build these fancy
houses that people do and these elaborate things, you don't really have to do that in
No Man's Sky, it's just about kind of like the templates.
So I kind of get that mix of, I have a purpose for why I'm hunting for all this stuff, but
I don't, like, have to, like, build or anything like that.
But wouldn't it be cool, though, if you could build, like, settlements or like, you know,
some sort of place?
Actually, yeah, that would be rad.
I would love to build a settlement that somebody else could explore.
That would be very, very cool.
But I, you know, I don't know, I, right now I'm enjoying the whole fact that, you know,
I jump forward as I'm moving towards the center of the galaxy or the side quests or whatever
you want to call them, excuse me, that pop up, like, I'm moving a little bit more towards
this other path that I was given.
For those that have played the game, you know, the center of the galaxy is the gold path.
I got a blue path that showed up pretty early, so I'm-
I haven't noticed any paths whatsoever, so-
Yeah, I've been going down this blue path, and I got to the end of the blue path and
I liked the building, you're speaking in vague terms, I liked the building that I got to
when I got to the end of that path, that was a very cool moment, but then it was like,
and your reward is another blue path and an item to hold down your inventory that you're
not sure what it's for, so that part was a little bit annoying, but I'm just, I'm liking,
every time I land on a new planet, it's like, oh, what's going to be different about this
one?
And I understand there's criticisms about, well, a lot of planets are the same, but I
don't know, I found a lot of variety in the planets that I've been to that I've been engaged.
I'm still kind of engaged in the end game of trying to get to the center of the universe
and explore what's there, so I'm just, I'm enjoying No Man's Sky, it's just like a relaxing
kind of game that is kind of no pressure, which is also why I understand why people
don't like the sentinels.
I don't mind the sentinels because I think they're easy to pick off and kill and they're
not that big of a deal, for me, I mean, I guess, for whatever reason, I don't get bothered
by the sentinels.
Whatever bothers me, I kill it, I kill its friend and I move on.
That's what happens to sentinels.
What annoys the shit out of me are the space fights, because then you get the space, again,
I don't mean to spoil, but it's not that far in the game, you will start getting spaceships
that want to come after you and attack you.
And flying around in space and trying to do these dogfights is, the controls are a beast.
So I kind of feel like the number one thing I'd like to see No Man's Sky improve on is
like some of the controls are pretty bad.
Like down to, I don't understand why L2 is what you use to zoom in on a creature, but
to scan the creature, you need to use, I think like R3 or something, because if you hit R2,
which would be the logical second thing to hit, you're going to shoot that creature in
the face and you've just turned a timid creature into an aggressive creature.
And I can't tell you how many times I went to scan a creature and instead of scanning
it, I accidentally shot it in the face.
You can't change what they're assigned to?
You could within the PlayStation 4 architecture, because PlayStation 4 has within the firmware
that you can remap any buttons you want, but it's not within the game, if that makes sense.
It wouldn't be just for the game, it would be like everything.
Well you can toggle those on and off with multiple key presses.
I want to get to some comments in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, let's see, Dungeon
Buster in chat says, I remember getting lost in some caverns and just used my multi-tool
to explode a new exit to the surface.
I'm flying towards the center of the galaxy right now, it's been interesting, I know what
Skye is talking about, I was on that path for a bit before switching, but the building
you find is really neat in his path.
The sentinels can be super peaceful if you don't keep blowing up the landscape like Schwarzenegger
Black Wolf.
I haven't found those little fuckers to be peaceful actually.
Here's the thing, I'll land on a peaceful planet where it says the sentinels are limited
or whatever the word is that lets you know they're not going to really be aggressive,
but then I'll have to go to a building and to get in the building I have to shoot the
door down, which is even going to make the peaceful sentinels pissed off at you, so it's
like okay I'm going to have to do this battle whether I like it or not.
But honestly the best way I've found to not be harassed by those sentinels, mine the plutonium
or whatever it is you need, mine the plutonium, then run like a bitch before the sentinel gets
there.
Just run, run, run, and then they'll scan the thing, but you're gone.
If that doesn't work, run inside a nearby building.
Hopefully you're near a building, because honestly everything you need to do can be
by buildings.
There's always plutoniums near buildings, there's always thamium 9 or whatever that's
called near buildings, or get the thamium 9 in space, it's far easier, hint, there's
always plutonium near buildings and if those things mess with you just run in a building.
That's how I've been doing it.
And use the plutonium to fuel your little booster thing that lets you get in the ship
and fly to the next question mark so you don't have to walk for five minutes.
Unless you want to.
That's the beauty of it.
Do whatever the hell you want.
And what's up with the take off fuel?
Oh, you expelled, you know, a quarter of your take off fuel for just taking off one
time.
It's like...
What?
Well, it's easy to replace with plutonium.
It's really easy to replace.
But my assumption is that later on you get some type of enhancement that you could put
on your ship that will lessen the amount of fuel that you use for things like that.
That's an assumption though.
So anyway, DungeonBuster points out that you can mine plutonium underground in peace if
you really want to.
There's still sentinels down there.
They will come after you.
Even underground.
He says they won't.
I wonder how far you're going underground.
I don't recommend going underground because you'll get lost.
You'll never come up.
Unless you have the appropriate weapon to blow a hole, you know, to get out wherever
you want.
But if you don't have that weapon, I don't see the advantage of going in caves.
Except that sometimes you find a lot of green chip items.
I don't know what the hell else to call those things in there.
I don't know.
They're neutral items.
They're not alkali or whatever.
The one planet I was on actually had giant floating gold.
Like it was just, hey, here's some floating rocks of gold.
All right.
Cool.
I like this planet.
It's like flying.
Like what's that big shiny thing?
Gold.
Okay.
Cool.
Bobby Black Wolf with another tip in chat.
And I didn't know this one over at live.fognetwork.com says, if you land on a landing pad, you don't
use up plutonium to take off.
I didn't realize that.
Yeah.
I've tried that.
I looked over to where there's a landing pad, land, and it lands next to the landing pad
on the ground.
I'm like.
I think you kind of have to use a bi-chip pass to call it over to the pad.
I don't know.
I don't know how to make that word right.
And Dartitsia says, Rob is right.
I love that phrase.
I went into a cave to my minerals and I was wandering around for like 10 minutes trying
to get back to the exit.
Yeah.
Be careful.
Be careful people.
All right.
Anyway.
So No Man's Sky.
I like it, but it's not an action packed game.
I think that's the most important thing today is not an action packed game.
And just because everybody's playing in the same universe, don't expect like fricking
30 people running on the planet that you're on.
That's not going to happen.
So if you're cool with like a Minecraft ish kind of experience, that's more what No Man's
Sky.
No Man's Sky reminds me more of Minecraft than anything else.
But that's, that's me anyway.
But yet I'm more into No Man's Sky than Minecraft.
It's weird.
Okay.
Different strokes for different folks.
Other games I've been playing this week, World of Warcraft, Overwatch, Diablo 3 a little
bit, a lot of Blizzard stuff, but just, that's kind of what I play on PC, Fallout SE 14 still.
Just checking in on that.
Otherwise not a lot of new stuff.
No Man's Sky really took up my week as far as the new games go.
So Mike, hey, how was your gaming week?
What'd you play this week?
Quite a bit actually.
I think about it.
I recently got a 3DS.
So of course, I decided to play some Alpha Sapphire.
Check out the new stuff cause I haven't played, you know, I didn't play any of the, oh gosh,
between 4 and whatever the hell else we're on now.
I haven't played those ones.
Stopped after G3 so like seeing the remake, pretty cool.
Let's see, I'm playing Overwatch.
Overwatch is fun.
Play a lot of that, mostly.
What characters do you like in Overwatch?
What do you like to play as?
D.Va cause she's amazing.
D.Va's pretty cool.
D.Va.
Actually, no, I don't really play as D.Va.
I can't really, I haven't played with her since the patch though so I need to try her
again.
She's fucking fantastic since that patch.
Oh my god.
I hate other people that play D.Va on the other team.
I've figured out that, you know, the, what is it, the rocket boost, the upward rocket
boost and just launch it, then pop your ult and get it to where you can just wipe, yeah,
it's amazing.
I might want to try that cause I love playing Pharah and, you know, she flies and does all
that stuff too.
Oh, it's so great because I'll do that and then emote and sometimes I miss but whatever.
It makes me feel good.
You got some haters in chat, Rama says D.Va is trash lol.
She probably, no.
When it comes to Doritos and Mountain Dew maybe, but, yeah, pretty much.
I love, she's a trashy eater.
I love the D.Va memes online.
Oh my god, have you seen the one of Ana giving her those little strawberry candies?
No.
It's like, frick yes, grandma candy.
It's so good.
That's great.
I love it.
Yeah, uh, let's see, I also play, um, I've been playing a lot of Zenyatta surprisingly
since the patch too.
He's a lot of fun.
And then my other one is Hanzo.
I'm surprisingly good with him for not being able to aim, like see where you're aiming.
I guess I'm just, I get lucky.
You're just that good.
Oh, I guess.
No, I straight up am lucky.
It's like, uh, ooh, I didn't mean to fire that.
Oh, he just ran right in front of it.
Cool.
That works.
Outside of Overwatch, still playing Hearthstone, they just released their new adventure.
And One Night in Karazhan is really fun and really frickin' cute.
That trailer was so ridiculous.
I loved it.
It was so good.
Oh my gosh.
Um, but yeah, it's very Disney-y.
Disney-y.
Yes, Disney-y.
Okay.
The first wing is pretty cool.
It's, yeah, you've got like, it's very Beauty and the Beast and then you've got like the
mirror from Snow White and stuff and it's weird.
But I was like, I don't see how this is Karazhan, but okay.
I love Karazhan.
I love Karazhan.
I love Karazhan too.
But I mean, it's just, um, Hearthstone is a silly Warcraft.
It's a silly Warcraft universe, but I like it and the cards aren't complete trash, so
yay.
Cool.
Um, I don't think I was playing anything else this week.
I don't think I had time to play much else.
All right.
So, great.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, before we get into some gaming news, just some quick housekeeping.
We will not be here Labor Day weekend as I will be out of town in Atlanta.
For Dragon Con 2016, I'm still awaiting to hear if we're doing anything like appearing
on panels or anything like that.
I'm pretty sure some of our other network shows are probably going to show up on some
of the TV track panels and so forth, so we'll be plugging those over at vognetwork.com.
But we are looking, hopefully, at doing some type of show.
It won't be live, unfortunately, because the bandwidth at the, um, you know, during a huge
convention with thousands of people, bandwidth is not reliable, right?
But we're hoping to maybe tape something in a live-esque type of element and put it on
the feed, possibly the same Sunday that we won't actually be here.
So stay tuned for that because maybe there'll be special programming from Dragon Con in
the place of Bobby and OLR that Sunday.
It's, anyway, what we're looking at right now, potentially.
More details to come in a couple weeks, which I can't believe that Dragon Con's only like
three weeks away, but here we are.
Another year has gone by.
That's really it.
And then just a reminder that, unfortunately, Dark Sakura is going to be on a bit of a hiatus
for a few months, starting actually with that same Labor Day weekend.
That also will be kind of a weekend of transition as OLR is going to go through a few changes
when we come back.
But I'll be back.
Yeah, you'll be back.
It's not forever.
That's right.
She's not, you know, going away.
And she will still be a part of the show.
It's not exactly a vacation either.
Yeah, we're just still talking about how we're going to make that work.
So we may move some segments around, do some things a little differently.
So the formula you've been used to over the past few episodes may change a little bit
in a couple weeks.
But it will still be the same great OLR that you're used to, and you still get to chat
along with us and call in and all that fun stuff.
So there you go.
All right, let's get into the news and what's been going on in gaming around the world this
week.
Starting with Loki.
All right, let's see here.
So this is pretty cool.
Sony is, I mean, we kind of expected that there's got to be an announcement for the
PlayStation Neo at some point soon, because we are getting very close to the release date
to that.
So that is going to happen September 7th, according to some, I want to say, they announced
like some sort of meeting that would happen in New York City.
And one of the things that is going to be a focus would be the PlayStation Neo, since
that is something that is coming out around October.
However, there's something else that, there's a rumor that there may be a new PlayStation
Vita or some sort of handheld system as well that might be announced around the same time.
So that's interesting.
And it's right around the corner.
So I guess we'll have to see what exactly they're talking about.
But yeah.
I'm sure it's the Neo and all this stuff and, you know, but I'm curious what else.
I am curious about a new handheld system.
That'd be kind of interesting.
I'm wondering what exactly it's going to be.
There was, I remember where the evidence came from that it was, I wanted to see maybe those
FCC filings or something to the effect of like, they're going to have like a new radio
in the Vita or something.
Maybe the support instead of like, remember how they had the 3G model and they kind of
quickly got rid of that, but there might be like a 4G LTE model or something.
So I'm wondering if they're going to try another portable system.
Cross my fingers.
Hopefully it's better than the last one.
I mean, I don't know.
The back touch thing was really stupid.
I didn't like that.
Yeah.
I think there's a lot of people that would like to see Sony take another stab at a handheld,
but I just don't.
Well, but then again, we have to remember in Japan, it's still like there's games coming
out every week.
It's still a thing.
Maybe there is a reason for Sony to do a new handheld, but I would think here's the other
thing.
I would think news like that, like a new handheld at least would hold off till the PlayStation
experience in December, unless that sucker's coming out for this holiday, which I just,
I don't know.
It just seems so fast for an announcement like that.
You know what I mean?
They usually have something that takes a lot more time to build up.
So I don't know, but I would think if they're going to tease a handheld, it would be at
the PlayStation experience, which would be a little more dedicated to the fans and not
this event in New York city.
So I don't know.
But they're like talking about like, you know, financials or something or like a plan for
what they're going to be doing for, you know, the PlayStation business line.
Maybe that's why they're bringing it up, you know, Hey, here's something that's coming.
It's not necessarily something that's coming right around the corner, but it may be like
next holiday or something like that.
Still don't know what the, you know, maybe they're thinking they're going to compete
with whatever this Nintendo system is, which we still don't know really much of anything.
Well, you're right.
We don't know much about that, but I hope, hopefully by the time this event rolls around,
we'll know a little more.
Although I imagine Nintendo is probably doing their own reveal in that same September timeframe.
At least that's what the buzz is.
So we'll see.
Interesting comment from chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dobby says, again, you don't want to get overshadowed so early on once an X is revealed.
People will be talking nothing else, but that I don't know about nothing else, but certainly
when NX is announced, it's going to dominate the conversation for a little bit.
Okay.
But I think if Sony were to announce a, announce a handheld, it's not like nobody's going to
pay attention to that.
So here was, here's what led them to thinking that there was going to be another handheld
maybe.
So basically there is an FCC wireless chip filing from Sony for a five year Hertz wireless
chip and the hardware, it says, looks like the Vita or something.
So there's a, I don't know what that could be a part of, but interesting.
We'll see.
All right.
Well, let's move on and talk about something kind of related to the Olympics.
No, video games are not showing up at the Olympics officially, but there is kind of
this like adjacent thing going on.
It's the Rio 2016 Olympics eGames showcase.
So while the Olympics are going on, there's actually going to be an eGames showcase going
on.
And I think it's actually streaming on Tuesday, August 16th, and it's starting at 11 AM in
Brazil.
So that's going to be really early for folks here on the West coast if you want to see
some of that, but I'm sure some of the highlights will be all over YouTube and such.
But in this eGames showcase, they're actually only showing a couple of games.
They're going to just be doing Super Smash Brothers for Wii U is one of the selections
that they're doing.
And then they're doing Smite, which, you know, that MOBA free to play that's on PC and all
that.
That's it.
There's no, I don't know, League of Legends or Starcraft or, you know, some of those other
big heroes, the Storm.
Those other games are not involved.
It's just those two games.
But there will be players from around the world that are going to be going to Rio to
take part, including Larry Loehr from the US, Canadian Evo champion ally.
And there's a guy in Mexico, MK Leo, who's really good at Smash that will also be there
as well.
So they are going to be doing this.
By the way, no prize money on the line.
This is just for bragging rights, national pride, if you will.
So as I, and I would say as the Olympics are, but I thought I heard a story that you actually
do get a cash prize for medals at the Olympics.
They just don't ever really talk about that.
So I guess that will not quite be the same thing, but, you know, still kind of neat to
see that gaming is, even if it's not a part of the Olympics officially, it's still kind
of being spoke in a similar sense around the same time.
So it's certainly progress from where we were at four years ago, that's for sure.
So yeah, look forward to that on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, Dark Sakura.
Well there's a game that a lot of people have been looking forward to, which is Final Fantasy
XV.
And as we know, it did of course start off its life as a different game.
It initially was Final Fantasy versus XIII and became Final Fantasy XV.
Well now after all these changes and everything, it looks like there is a delay for the game.
It's uh, well at least it's going to be on September 30th now is what's on the list,
but there's no word as if it's going to be further delayed, although that's the theory.
But yeah, it's not going to be as soon as we thought.
It was, um, hold on let me see something.
Yeah it looks like on here that there was supposed to be a two month delay after September
30th, so my apologies I misread the thing.
That September 30th is still the listed date, but the rumor is that there's going to be
a two month delay after that.
So sorry.
But what's interesting about that is that that was supposed to be announced today, because
I think the GameStop stuff was going to allow the switcheroo on Monday.
Unless they're going to announce it tomorrow morning, which I guess is certainly still
possible as well.
But it does seem like there's a lot of, it's kind of one of those where there's smoke there's
fire sort of things, and it's not like, you know, oh my roommate has a boyfriend that
works at GameStop that, you know, copied this thing, you know, it's, there seems to be some
hard evidence that yeah, Final Fantasy 15 is getting delayed.
What do you guys think if it does get delayed?
Do you think it's-
Oh well.
Yeah, it's honestly like, okay, I'm like, ah damn it, you know, that's the exact my
reaction.
Ah damn it.
If it makes the game better, like especially going back to No Man's Sky PC and all that,
like I cannot sit here and go, man, what the hell are they doing with No Man's Sky?
They shouldn't have released this buggy piece of shit on PC and all that.
I can't say that.
And then in the same breath say, how dare they delay No Man's- or how dare they delay
Final Fantasy 15 for two months, you know?
I honestly don't care enough about the game to care about it being delayed.
What?
I'm super ready for it.
I'm excited to play 15.
I'm not too excited about it.
I wasn't too happy with 13 and 14 I got bored with after a while for being the MMO.
I'm going to give it a shot, but like the demos haven't been that great.
Yeah, I wasn't impressed with the demos either.
I'm excited for it.
Yeah, I'm with you.
I'm excited for it.
Like I preordered it.
I'm just so used to like the turn-based battle system that I really like that and I'm just
kind of sad that-
That was a while ago.
That was several Final Fantasy games ago, so it's like-
That was 13, okay?
That was the last fucking Final Fantasy game that was out.
It was so long ago, the last one.
It was, because they've had two sequels for it.
13 wasn't-
It's basically-
Really turn-based.
Sure was.
The last turn-based-
No, 10.2.
It had the whole active time-
Okay, fine.
Active time battle system, whatever.
Same shit.
No, no, no, no.
It's just a different twist on it.
No, no, no, no.
Yeah, 10.2 was the same as 13.
It was the auto-battling and you only did the whole special moves in that thing, remember?
Right, but this is totally different from that.
You're basically running around and actually engaging in stuff, which-
This would worry me if I were Square Enix.
This whole fact that maybe half of us are hyped and half of us aren't, because it definitely
seems like they've poured a ton of money into this game and they need it to do well, so
they need that hype to be there.
I'm fine with going into it not being that hyped about it, but it's like, for me, I don't
know.
The great Final Fantasy games I think of are the ones that are, for me, the easiest to
pick up the story.
Seven I thought was pretty easy to pick up, even, you know, six, 13 kind of confused me.
15, I have no fucking clue what the hell's going on.
The movie trailer looks fucking awesome, though.
I do want to see that.
To be fair, 13 wasn't that great, if you ask me.
I love 13, I'll defend it, but I get it's not for everybody.
I don't want to have that talk today.
I'm just saying, like, you know, I go back to, like, Lost Odyssey, which I think was
more Final Fantasy game than Final Fantasy was, Final Fantasy 13 was, so I don't know.
It looked cool?
But yet, Lost Odyssey didn't sell.
It's unfortunate.
That's too bad.
If they'd put it on PlayStation 3, it probably would have.
It's because, you know, it's because people, there's people on both sides out there, there's
people who complain, ah, another turn-based game.
No one fights like that.
You're not just going to, oh, I'm going to wait while you attack me.
And then those people want this, and then they're going to, there's people that don't
want that.
I don't know.
I didn't really care for, I thought it was a hassle.
The new demo, a little bit better, but I still thought it was a little chaotic.
Like I just, it's hard to keep track of what the hell's going on.
I'd rather just have it.
It's fine.
You don't need an active time battle system.
That's, that's cool.
But just like the same presentation is fine because that's what made it a Final Fantasy
game.
William Murderface in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, Final Fantasy 14 A Realm Reborn is
a pretty good story so far.
Everyone seems to forget about that part, but it's an important one that is well done
in my opinion.
I actually like agree with that.
And Heaven's Word, the expansion is even better.
It's so like, I think the Heaven's Word story is like the best story in the Final Fantasy
universe since like six.
It's that good.
And unfortunately most people will never see it because it's an MMO.
It's an MMO, which puts people off.
It's end game, which puts people off.
It's it's, but just the reality is it's a magnificent story.
If you can get there.
The problem with Final Fantasy 14 is that there is no way to level without doing some
of those instances.
And it's horrible because I made it all the way through to when I got to 85 in World of
Warcraft, I hadn't done a single instance, a single one, and I didn't craft either.
And you shouldn't have to have to do those if you don't want to.
But they were some really fucking cool fights.
But I don't care.
Really cool fights.
I don't care.
That's what I was into.
The whole point is that it should have something for everybody and you shouldn't be forced
to play a game the way they think you should play it.
Yeah.
Yeah, you're right.
Comparing it to WoW in that in that regard, you're right.
I did the same exact thing in Warcraft.
Like I made it up to, no, well, at the time it was, I think the cap was 90.
Yeah, I made it all the way up to 90 without doing any instances and stuff.
It's so funny because I have been playing World of Warcraft.
I'm doing nothing but instances because I'm like, questing is too slow.
The questing has actually been super fast and I'm playing through now Sakurina when
I left at like 86 when I left.
And the leveling is actually much faster now for the the Pandaria content.
So it's been pretty fun.
I'm actually looking forward to doing a Horde side for the other, for whatever.
Draenor?
Yeah, but I was trying to think of dude's name, the asshole, former war chief.
Garrosh?
Yeah, because I just like seeing him die.
I really just like seeing him fail.
It's awesome because I hated him.
All right.
Well, let's move on to some other stuff.
Back to rumors about upcoming consoles, right, Logi?
Of course, we do love our rumors and love our leaks about said rumors.
So Nintendo, of course, you know, they have their wonderful NX coming out.
We still don't know what the fuck it is.
But there's all sorts of rumors regarding, you know, maybe it's this controller that,
you know, attaches to some sort of tablet thing.
And then now there's this new trademark filing that they have or copyright filing or patent
filing, I should say, for a clip on controller.
And the device almost looks like what they were describing with those NX rumors.
So basically, it looks like some sort of controller that in this case, it looks like the left
or right half of like a SNES controller.
So they show four buttons and there's like a, I don't know if it's like a metal pad or
something that connects to maybe magnetically and it allows it to, you know, send data electricity
or whatever to the actual attachment.
Neat, I guess, but I don't know.
I don't know why, but it sounds like wireless charging to me or something is what that kind
of reminds me of.
I mean, sort of like I'm surprised like something like this can be patented because, I mean,
it's just it's basically just like having some sort of thing.
I don't know, some add-on controller or something, which I know a lot of devices have.
They have it for mobile where you can pass through, you know, stuff through their charge
board.
I don't know.
I guess we'll have to see what it is and see what exactly this gimmick the NX is.
But it would be more fuel for those rumors, I guess.
It would be nice for Nintendo to say something already.
I understand that why they're not.
But it's just like, God, I'm so sick of rumors.
Every time I hear a new one, I'm like, this sounds like just so like.
I'm worried about it, and the reason I'm worried about Nintendo is I think that some of their
like big like, OK, we're really going to like disrupt everything by the motion controls
and that that worked out well for them, then they're like, oh, we're going to disrupt everything
by having the second screen tablet thing that didn't work out so well.
And I'm worried that like this is going to be something that's just going to be kind
of here's this really cool gimmick we thought of and no one gives a shit.
Interesting comment from Bobby Blackwolf in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com saying
rumors killed No Man's Sky and Shadow Next Gen follows that up with unchecked expectations.
Yeah.
Is that, you know, a lot of people, because there was so such vagueness about No Man's
Sky, a lot of people kind of filled in the blanks with their headcanon.
And then when that wasn't met, it's a disappointment.
And people, I think what you're getting at is that people are doing the same thing with
the NX.
Is that because, you know, we think it's going to be this.
And then when Nintendo announces, well, it's it's it's not as grand as you thought it was.
I just you know what this screams to me like, remember the Wii and all the fucking attachments
that attached to the Wii and how much of a fucking nightmare that was.
This is kind of what it was.
So cool.
I'm kidding.
This is like, you know, kind of in that they didn't have like they had a lot of weird plastic
shit that was unnecessary.
So I'm not really talking about that.
I'm talking about like, you know, they had the classic controller, they had the nunchuck
thing.
They had maybe those were the only two things that they had, but they had some other stuff
that I thought connected to it as well.
They I know definitely in planning had a lot more things, but it just kind of seems like
that.
Like, is this what's going to do like, oh, hey, we need some more buttons here.
We're just going to release this game with another button half controller thing or something
that we're going to attach here.
You can customize where your controls are or something.
I mean, I don't know what this is.
Well, let's see.
We're all speculating about this until I see what exactly this is.
I just don't really care too much right now.
That's it.
I mean, I need to see what exactly this thing's putting out, because if it's just basically
a Wii U without being tethered to a console, I mean, that's cool, but I'm not super excited
for it.
I may pick it up because that's a neat idea, but it's not like, shit, I need to have one
of these right away.
I just think it's going to be shadowed by cooler things that are going to come out,
especially more VR stuff.
I mean, we're talking like six months time.
I mean, VR technology is getting better and better each day.
I will say this.
We've played our Wii U more than anything in our house as far as the newer systems.
So I'm really looking forward to the NX.
If it gives me more of all the stuff that I like for the Wii U, I'm happy.
Yeah, I'm excited for NX.
I just kind of, it's like, I don't know what to get excited for.
So I'm making it up.
And I don't give a shit about VR, so.
I have to admit.
I'm starting to wonder if I might cancel the PlayStation VR pre-order, but that is, I still
like VR.
This has more to do with, I'm really worried about this whole fact that they're putting
out the Neo.
And does that mean that VR doesn't work as well on the old system?
That's more my problem.
That's exactly it.
And if they didn't talk about the Neo or anything, you know, if this was something that's coming
out next year, then I might not be so worried about it.
But it's like, you just met, you know, you mentioned that VR is going to be better on
it somehow.
How exactly?
Because that kind of stuff worries me, and I'm kind of with you on that.
Like if I get a PC built before then that runs, you know, the Rift or the Vive, and
it's definitely going to go with the Vive, then fuck that, I'm canceling that shit.
Because a lot of those things that they're showing off, don't get me wrong, Rez looks
awesome, but like everything else is a really short experience.
And I want like a full-fledged game with it.
I don't want this like, cool, I did a mission.
We're done.
You know, or cool, I looked around a room.
I don't care.
I've done that.
I've done that already.
I want something that's a full experience.
All right, well, I want to move on.
Actually, did you talk about this other thing?
Oh, I was going to say, yeah.
And also, one of the things, good things though about the NX is Dragon Quest X has been confirmed
to be coming to the NX.
So that's cool.
So they're going to get an MMO.
And an anticipated one that we've needed for a long time, to be quite honest.
Yep.
And apparently it is also coming out for PlayStation 4.
I'm not sure if that's going to be confirmed.
It's not necessarily confirmed to be coming over here.
And that could be the same with the NX.
It may be in Japan though.
Well, anyhow, I want to move on to another story about a comment from Bethesda about
the Nintendo NX that a lot of people are going, hmm.
And in this interview with an Australian news publication, Finder, excuse me, they were
talking to Pete Hines, who's the vice president of Bethesda Softworks, and they're asking
about the Nintendo NX.
And Pete Hines said, yeah, they know what Nintendo is doing with NX.
They've been briefed on the situation, but they're not really committing to the platform
saying this, we talk to Nintendo all the time.
We're pretty well briefed in on what they're doing.
It's definitely something we will look at.
And our philosophy is that we will put our games out on any format that supports the
games as we envision and make them.
If the NX fits that from a technical standpoint, and it fits the game that a developer in our
stable is making, I don't see why we would not put it out on NX.
But it's too early to say we'll definitely be putting games out or not.
Like with mobile, we want to have the right fit for the right formats.
You know, he could be dancing the line a little bit and just not wanting to show his cards
if they do have something to announce.
I mean, there's a million ways you could read this.
But I definitely just pick up this sense of the NX might not be as technically superior
as what's going on with PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, which we kind of knew is a potential,
right?
And, you know, Bethesda tends to make pretty intense games that really push things graphically,
right?
Like your Skyrim at that time, your Doom at this time, you know, and you kind of wonder,
like, would these games really run on Nintendo NX?
You know, it's probably going to be challenged.
And so I get it from that regard.
But let's not forget Bethesda also has that card game for Elder Scrolls.
The Fallout Shelter is a pretty big thing.
These are things that probably would work on NX.
Right.
Though I'm not saying put those games on NX, but those future developments in that same
way.
Once again, that worries me.
I mean, like, I understand that, that like on the 3DS, their first party titles do well
and they've got a good library of games on the 3DS.
That's fine.
The Wii U, they have great first party titles.
No one's arguing that their first party titles aren't great.
It's the third party titles.
And when you have that hardware that can't run these engines that run these modern games,
like all the fucking shit that's coming from EA is in Frostbite.
That shit does not run on the Wii U.
And if it doesn't run on the NX, we're just looking at the same fucking scenario again.
And that's fine.
I know people are like, oh, well, fuck it.
I don't need EA games.
But you're getting, as stuff goes along, they're pushing better graphics and more stuff on
screen and they're going to have more sophisticated engines.
That shit is not going to run on these, the system, if it's that underpowered and they're
going to have a problem because yeah, great.
First party tells me help that system.
But if that's all they got, we're going to be in a scenario right now where look at the
release schedule for the Wii U.
I mean, it's just every couple months or something coming out for it.
And that's it.
There's like nothing in between.
It's just deserted.
It's just, I don't know.
I'm just worried about it.
I really do think though NX was pushed back from this year so that that's not going to
happen in Nintendo's first year.
I really think that's what they're doing.
I hope that's the case.
I really do.
Because when I hear that they're thinking about VR and thinking about this, it makes
me wonder that they don't have a fucking idea of what this thing is going to be.
They're just still up in the air about it.
And I don't know.
I'm just very worried about what they have to say about this.
I'm not having high expectations for it.
All right.
Well, also in that same interview, I just want to mention with Bethesda, this is on
a different note, has nothing to do with Nintendo NX or does it?
Apparently the comment was that the evil within did make enough money to justify a sequel.
That actually surprised me to hear that.
I didn't think that game did so hot, but apparently it did.
So the evil within may be getting a signal, a sequel and rage also performs well enough
to justify a sequel.
So now again, they're not confirming or denying anything, not saying what is happening for
sure or when, but don't take it off the table essentially.
But we'll have to wait for a future E3 or some other type of event to find the confirmation
in those.
So we'll see.
All right.
Let's move on.
Next story, Dark Saga, before we get to release dates.
Well in the wake of the Metroid 2 fan remake, there was another one that was called Pokemon
Uranium and Nintendo's put down the C and D on that one.
It was done by a nonprofit, it was put out on PC for free and 1.5 million people downloaded
it.
It had been in development for over nine years and had 150 custom Pokemon and a type called
nuclear.
So Nintendo's like, uh-uh, no, stop.
So I'm sure you can still find it in places, but yeah, they finally put out a note on there
and it said they took it down.
You can still talk about it, still share content about the game, but we aren't going to make
it available on the site anymore.
I think no one's surprised.
They put it up.
They know it's going to get taken down.
They know that someone's going to grab it and once it's on the internet, it's always
on the internet.
So I think it's naive to believe that any of these people that are developing these
fan games about Nintendo properties are surprised that they're getting a C and D from Nintendo
regarding that.
I think that's just part of the plan.
That get it up, get people to download it and just wait for the C and D, take it down,
but it's too late.
It's already there and that's it.
Yeah.
I mean, they, they have to know that these things are going to get C and D'd and you
know, I'm curious how that game is though.
I heard that one was not so good.
What, the Pokemon Uranium?
Their Uranium one is not so good.
There's another, there's not even Pokemon Uranium.
There's some like MMO Pokemon thing that I see on Twitch all the time that certainly
can't be permissible either, but it's still floating around out there.
I don't know if that's something that was released a long time ago that was pulled,
but yeah, things have a way of getting on the internet and then never getting off.
And you know, again, don't, don't share the link here as Bobby saying in our chat room
because you know, we don't want the C's and D's but seriously, it's not that hard
to go out there onto a torrent site of your choosing and find it.
Or other forums.
I'm sure they've got a fan game set at one time I found one that was for like Mario games
and stuff like that.
So I know that those exists and you can probably find a link on there for it.
That was it.
Thank you Act F. Pokemon Omicron is the one I was thinking of that MMO one that I see
on Twitch sometimes.
So by the way, did you know, um, no, I know we talked last week about the AM2R and all
that.
Did you know also the Nintendo power archive got pulled?
Yeah, I saw that.
Yeah.
That's like, again, it's like these magazines are how old it's like in a way I'm like,
would you go to a library and take them out of the library and like, okay, I get that
an online resource is not the same thing as a library, but you know, times are changing
and for people to look at, you know, I really got a kick out of looking at some of the games
the way gaming used to be.
Yeah.
I don't get it.
If they're not selling back, are they selling reprints of those?
Can you even purchase those?
I don't think so.
I really don't.
What is the point?
Yeah, it's just, it's just unfortunate, you know.
It's just lawyers going crazy to protect their IPs or probably.
And at the same time, I can't say, well, it's completely unjustified.
Nintendo has no right to do that.
They own it.
They of course have the right.
Yeah, exactly.
I have to realize that that is true as well, but there's that part of me that goes, but
do they have to?
But then again, once again, it is on the internet and therefore since it's on the internet,
it's always on the internet.
So it's probably somewhere out there.
Well, but not at the source because there was that retro mags or whatever that was the
source and it's no longer there.
So, but after a discussion about this on our last week show, I did actually start looking
for, and I did find like old scans because I just, you know, use my Google.
I went and I found like, you know, Compute Skazette and all that stuff.
And I was reading like old type in programs and stuff.
And I was like, Oh my God.
And I never realized like how intensely those magazines talked about programming.
I don't remember that from a kid, but it was kind of like, again, it's fun to read this
stuff that I remember one way as a kid and then read it now with my 38 year old brain
as opposed to my five year old brain.
And like, I'm just totally seeing it a different way.
It's crazy.
So, so on a completely different tangent since you mentioned your 38 old brain.
So my wife, because she's watching Grey's Anatomy, mentioned to me that she's like,
you do realize on the show that all these people are supposed to be like younger than
we are right now.
I'm like, what?
She's like, yeah, even that guy right there with the gray hair.
Yeah.
He's supposed to be like in his like, like early thirties or something.
And I'm just like, no fucking way.
I just thought that was funny.
No, yeah.
I love seeing people.
I love seeing very incredibly successful, talented people on television who are like
15 years younger than me.
Oh, I love that.
Loki.
I love it.
They're like, they're like, I'm like, I thought he was like in his fifties or something like,
I don't know.
He's in his thirties.
All these, all these people that have their shit together that I'm like, wow.
And I was that age.
I was a dumb ass bastards totally blew the realism.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates, some things that are coming
out that Nintendo can't pull starting in the U S Loki or something.
Yeah.
So this week we've got absolute drift Zen edition.
That's coming out on PC and PlayStation four bound on PlayStation four conception to children
of the seven stars on PC.
The sequel to grow home, grow up is going to be coming out on PC PlayStation four and
Xbox one, uh, the Huntsman winter's curse on PlayStation four inverness or in versus
that's on PC and PlayStation four.
Uh, they're doing the mobile version of Deus ex at Deus ex go on, um, Android and iOS and
Oklahoma on PC, Mac, and Linux, uh, tales of beach Syria on PlayStation three and PlayStation
four, the girl and the robot on PC.
And finally at the end of the week, uh, formula one, 2016 on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox
one style savvy fashion forward on three DS and the most accurate Metroid game in the
entire franchise of Metroid games.
And this will be the definitive Metroid game of them all Metro plan for Federation force
on three DS.
I'm going to preorder that today.
Just despite Loki.
I okay.
That's your game.
If you want to, if you want to buy crap, that's fine.
You're eating this weird chips.
So I know that you're delicious for the chips.
Do not come for the chips just because you don't like Brazilian or Brazilian steak or,
or whatever.
The Brazilian steak is really good.
It's very flavorful and not horrible.
Come for the chips.
Loki.
Oh, it's weird.
Cut somebody.
Yeah.
Listen, weirdly.
That is, that is you spitefully chewing down on the chip.
All right.
All right.
Okay.
Seriously though, don't chew in the mic.
That's gross.
All right.
Going, going to the PlayStation three over in Japan, uh, tales of Biseria, uh, also being
released there in a regular and a Famitsu deluxe pack.
Cause we know they love the deluxe packs over there in Japan, uh, PlayStation four also
getting that same release of tales of Syria.
So look forward to that, uh, on the Wii U this week, some tumbleweed is rolling by
because there's nothing coming out on the Wii U in Japan.
But if we go to the Vita, we have collar cross malice and regular and limited edition.
Uh, that is out this week on the 18th.
And then lastly, looking at the Nintendo three DS this week, uh, we don't have anything in
Japan.
In fact, they get Metroid prime a week after we do so.
Oh, sorry.
They're calling.
Was it Metroid prime Federation force over there?
I don't.
Okay.
That game is not.
I already closed the window.
That game is not out of Japan for another week.
So lucky them.
Well, they have a chance to see how we react and make a decision from there.
But you know, Metroid was always a bigger game here than it was in Japan.
So I mean, it does make sense in that regard.
Although yes, Loki, I understand this is not the Metroid experience that everybody's waiting
for.
All right.
Uh, dark soccer.
How about the UK?
What will we find on the shelves in the UK this week?
Not a damn thing.
Nothing.
It's new.
All right.
Nope.
A chance to revisit games that you need to catch up on.
Time to drink tea and read a book.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Island Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the pass phrase, note.
All right.
Just a couple more stories for you guys.
And then the classic game of the week, Loki.
All right.
So Hello Games is currently testing some patch for the PC version because as you may know,
the PC version, kind of a fucking mess right now of No Man's Sky.
So it's supposed to improve support for AMD CPUs.
It fixes some frame rate stuttering.
And the setting, the max frames per second to 30 or 60 is not working.
So you can, that'll be working as well.
House stuttering and crashes when you're alt tabbing out of the game.
Also they're saying that apparently they're going to fix some other issues if caused by
G-Sync and stuff.
So, all right, cool.
So you can, what, you can like beta test this patch now or something, right?
Yeah.
The real one's not out yet.
Right.
So you can go to your Steam library and then if you go to the properties on the game, you
can get into, select the betas tab and you can, if you type in the codes experimental
with a three instead of an E in the beginning, then you can download it early.
Apparently it's been working pretty well.
You know, they've gotten the game to work at 60 frames per second at 1440p.
So my bad.
All right.
Well, I'm going to ask Alan to install that later so I can see what that looks like on
his PC because I, I wonder if it'll improve the graphic quality for him.
So I mean, it doesn't look terrible.
It's just, it doesn't look the same that it looks on PlayStation four.
I wish that framer is higher, but I mean, you're simulating that many plants.
I'm kind of okay with that.
Gotcha.
Well, before we get to the classic game of the week, a interesting update on what's going
on with league of legends and a riot games is actually suing a league of legends cheating
service called league sharp, which I guess charges between, and again, I'm not as up
and up on league of legends because, um, I'm just not great on it, but, uh, uh, league
sharp is charging between 15 and $50 a month for hacks and bots, uh, that I guess we'll
edit the game or what have you.
Um, so, uh, league sharp will allow you to see hidden information, automate gameplay
to perform with enhanced or in human accuracy and accumulate levels, experience and items
at a rate that is not possible for a normal human player.
That is all according to the lawsuit.
That's the lawsuits words.
Um, they had originally tried to contact the site owners directly riot did, uh, but that
didn't work.
So they called the lawyers and got them involved.
So riot wants to put a stop to that enterprise that's charging the money to basically cheat
in the game.
And we'll see what happens.
The defendants have 21 days to respond.
It'll be very interesting to see what develops with that.
All right, let's travel to a time when things, things were a little more simpler than this.
You couldn't, you could just cheat in games.
Yeah, you could.
Well, you could.
You had a game genie.
You didn't have to pay somebody $15 a month to do it for you.
You paid 60 bucks for a little device and found codes that would come in the little
book.
I fair enough.
It's a trip down memory lane with the classic game of the week.
Huh?
There it is.
There's the music.
Every week, dark soccer steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, Hey,
you should play this game.
It is over 10 years old, believe it or not.
And therefore it's a classic.
It's Barbies for Grown Straight Men.
I'm sorry, Dead or Alive Xtreme beat volleyball.
So this game is awful.
And Dan played so much of it.
So I basically picked this game to give him shit.
Basically it's a volleyball game with the Dead or Alive ladies in bikinis and all kinds
of outfits.
And you have one guy in the entire theme and it's Zach, the human Teletubby.
So anyway, no fighting, just volleyball and bikinis and sunshine and shopping.
You basically just dress them up and take pictures and watch them walk around.
And you have, they build relationships with each other and sometimes they do dances and
then you play volleyball, but it really is just Barbie for, for grown men, really.
It's just completely crazy.
So anyway, as you go through the game, you can get gifts and date and sorry, influence
other characters cause dating sim, you know, and then you earn Zach bucks, which you use
on, you know, each character as you go through the game to buy new outfits with varying degrees
of modesty attached to them.
So the characters in the first game were Ayane, Kristy, Helena, Hitomi, Kasumi, Leifang, Lisa,
and Tina.
And now we're like, what, on the fourth one of the series, fifth one of the series.
And there was a big, big bit of drama about this, but the soundtrack for the game actually
was pretty decent.
It had some Bob Marley, it had some Christina, had real big fish and some other people that
I'd never heard of, um, but people liked it.
It was okay.
And then, Oh, and there was, um, a kind of a bit of a controversy over an April fool's
day joke is that EGM back in the day did, um, a nude code for the game that said you
could play with them topless in nude mode.
And then it was a hoax and they got a bunch of pissed off people because apparently I
was promised some titty.
I was promised some anime titty and you robbed me of my titty.
And you know what that meant?
That meant of course, um, you know, enterprising people because the X-Box was very exploitable
then made it a reality.
God, this game looks awful.
I'm going to hack my titties.
Yeah.
This was, um, uh, some different hobbyist, uh, hobbyists actually reverse engineered
the game and modified texture models to be able to make them completely naked in very
high detail.
And, um, Tecmo actually took them to court, um, for breaching the digital millennium copyright
act, um, with that and as well for Ninja Gaiden and Dead or Alive 2 and, uh, tried to get
some pretty, uh, uh, big money, like between one grand and 10 grand for every skin that
was swapped over the website that they offered.
So that's it.
So it's basically Barbies for grown men.
SSG100 Matt in chat says tear down that wall that is hiding those titties.
You know what?
A little, a little excess in games sometimes is just fine.
In my opinion, you know, you, you, you have ridiculous over the top movies that I love
like showgirls.
I think if you're going to have the showgirls of games in something like Dead or Alive beach
volleyball, which is basically what it is, uh, then you know what?
That's great.
So, uh, although I would like to see something that, you know, uh, sexualizes and, and, you
know, makes, uh, characters of men in the same way, I think, yes, I think everybody
deserves that too.
I think that there should be like the banana hammock game with scantily clad dudes of various
isn't there that showering guys game on steam.
That game's like weird.
It's not even shower with your dad shower with your dad.
You want men to be subject to, uh, titty titty, uh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Not even the same thing.
Nine.
So here's the, here's, here's what I, here's what the perfect game would be.
And I'm going to go back to, you remember the days here's, I'm going to take it back
ready for ready for old man Roberts reference here.
Remember when you had like a laser disc or a DVD that on one side was one presentation
of the movie, but if you flip it over, it was another presentation of the movie.
So how about a game that on one side is anime titty and on the other side is anime dong.
Like is it, is it that hard people?
Is it that hard?
Why can't we just have them all in the same game?
Well, and I would, I would be perfectly fine with that too.
But you know, for those that wish to have nothing but titty today or nothing but dong
today, we can have floppy boob physics.
There can be floppy dick physics or bouncy ball physics, whatever, right?
We can have pantsless rage.
We can have pantsless rage.
All right.
Uh, we're going to take a break and a question our lives and our priority in gaming.
And then we're going to come back with even more news.
And of course your phone calls at 1-877-GAMO-LR or on Skype, orange lounge radio, all one
word.
So we're gonna take a break, but we'll be back with more of orange lounge radio right
after this.
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight with episode number 654 for this
August the 14th of 2016 of course our show is already in progress.
We've been talking a bit about no man's sky, the final fantasy 15 rumored delay, uh, more
NX rumors and so on.
And there's still plenty more to come.
Um, I wanted to, um, mention that, uh, dark Sakura, you brought me something I've been
looking for for the past couple of weeks that I have not been able to find myself, but you
found it and you brought it here and that is the crystal Pepsi.
Yes.
I just happened to look over and went, shit.
Is this a permanent thing that they're doing or is this just like, I think it's a limit
to like, don't you all love the nineties?
Here it is again.
But if I miss Pokemon and blink when I do too, I wish that they'd had the diet one so
I could have.
Yeah.
Because, okay, here's the thing.
I love crystal Pepsi, right?
I loved it when I was a kid and now that I'm drinking this again, I'm like, okay, yeah,
this is really good.
Now that I'm 20 years older, I'm realizing why this is so good.
Uh, this is nothing but sugar.
This is 250 calories a bottle.
Oh my God.
Let's see.
Does soda only have like 160 or let's find out myself.
I feel like, well, usually one can has one serving a 20 ounces, two servings.
Oh, my red, my red bowl is only at 110.
My Pellegrino, uh, pump Elmo is 140.
Now see this crystal me drinking this bottle of crystal Pepsi wouldn't be so bad if I was
still playing DDR, but, uh, at least, Hey, you know what?
At least I walked around a lot yesterday because I'm an out of town friend of mine from Ingress
was visiting over the weekend and we decided we wanted to do a big banner because you can
do these things in Ingress called missions.
And you know, when you string a bunch of missions together, you can do a banner.
So we did a series of 60 missions downtown yesterday.
Um, because it was, I wanted to get it done before I went to Atlanta.
So I'd have it on my profile for when I meet other Ingersers there and so forth.
And this was the weekend that it worked out for us to be able to do that.
So, uh, we went out, yeah, did 60 missions.
By the way, we had planned all this when the forecast for the weekend was supposed to be
a more reasonable 90 and not the 102 that it ended up really becoming.
And yes, those 12 degrees make quite a difference.
And I did it in the heat and I'm crazy.
You did it in the heat.
Yes, but I've earned every drop of this crystal Pepsi from yesterday's exercise.
You go.
That's for sure.
Will do.
I will go.
I will go and unveil the rapid fire news that we're going to get into next.
Loki.
All right.
So there's some new Nintendo games that have entered in their selects program.
So that means that they're going to be cheaper now because you know, Nintendo doesn't really
do price drops pretty regularly.
So on the three DS, you can look forward to a few games, a animal crossing new leaf, a
Lego city undercover.
The chase begins Luigi's mansion, dark moon, and then 10 dogs, cats, um, or plus cats,
golden retriever and new friends and Tomodachi life.
And then of course on the Wii U we're getting the legend of Zelda Wind Waker HD, Lego city
undercover and Nintendo land may have to pick up Wind Waker cause that's not bad.
And then Lego city undercover looked pretty cool as grand theft auto with Legos, which
I think is what originally was supposed to be within a backed off from that too bad.
Also there's going to be some, um, new bundles that are going to be a game plus an amiibo.
And so those are going to be coming out starting September 9th and those are going to be priced
at $40.
So something that you can look forward to captain toad treasure tracker with toad Mario
party 10 with Bowser, Mario party with peach Yoshi's wooly world, uh, with light blue yarn
Yoshi or pink yarn Yoshi.
That's cool.
I guess if you don't own those games yet, if you're, if you're going to finally take
the plunge on a Wii U this Christmas, Hey, at least you could stock up on games for reasonable
price.
Black Friday, just wait for the black Friday.
Ooh, good.
Good call.
Um, but yeah, I mean, we wake her definitely.
I mean, cause I like Wind Waker.
I have it on the game cube somewhere.
It's actually, it's in my sister's storage cause she has my game cube, but I wanted to
play it again.
I'm like, but $40, man, that's a lot, you know, for that, I'm just going to wait until
it drops in price.
Well now it's dropped in price.
So maybe I will.
Um, and then this is kind of funny, a little tongue in cheek, I guess.
So South Park, the fracture, but home, they released a brand new, uh, that title's always
going to make me giggle.
I hear Mike over there, they released a new teaser for the game.
Um, that was pimping a, a device called the nostrils rift, which is basically this device
that plugs onto your face and allows you to smell smells.
So this apparently is going to be a thing that you're going to get to experience if
you're at games com and you will be able to smell farts with it as you play the game.
What else would you do?
Exactly.
So, uh, go check that out if you're having to be in, you know, going to games com.
I don't know.
That's fantastic.
It looks awesome.
All right.
Too bad it's not like a pre-order item or something like that.
No, that'd be kind of funny, but.
All right.
Well, something Jason was talking about in the intro tonight was a rocket league in this
game.
You know, Hey, rocket league is still a lot of fun.
I don't know if you guys have checked it out lately, but they keep doing a lot of updates
to it.
And there's more free DLC coming to rocket league.
And now rumble mode is happening in September and that's on all platforms.
Now what's happening with this is that it's going to be bringing items like the boot,
which will allow you to kick an enemy car in its proverbial face.
I'm assuming so you can kick cars.
There's a grappling hook, which will pull the players towards the ball.
So I guess like, you know, any, any game adding grappling hooks is always a good thing.
Exactly.
Uh, so yeah, that's, that's pretty cool.
Uh, that they're adding these silly things to it to do a little more, uh, uh, I guess
fighting in it.
Uh, you can also, there's other, uh, powerups as well, such as, uh, a plunger, which will
grab the ball via, via a plunger and a cord.
Um, a spike will allow you to attach the ball to your car when you bump into it.
And a swapper will allow you to instantly change fields on the, uh, change a position
on the field with your opponent.
So this just sounds like clusterfuck 5000.
And, uh, I think it'll be fun.
Uh, Hey, would you like to get a Ubisoft game for free?
Yes, that's right.
Now that you're paying attention, Rayman Origins is going to be free on PC starting
on August 17th.
How do you get it?
You go to the Ubi 30 website and click get the game.
And they're doing that each month too, but you do have to have a Uplay account to get
the game in your library.
But I mean, if you played Ubisoft game, they forced you to do that.
Yeah.
So you probably have one.
So you just need to remember your lock.
If you've ever played Assassin's Creed or just dancer and South Park, then you have
a Uplay account.
So, uh, log into it and you can do that by the way.
You could still grab splitter cell if you want, uh, before that goes up on the 17th.
Uh, once you download it, it is yours forever.
Four more free Ubisoft games coming, uh, through the end of 2016.
That's some, you know what, Hey, it is hard to be upset with free and Rayman's a solid
platformer too.
So, I mean, for that reason alone, they did do Yaris.
Remember Yaris existed and it was free and it was bad.
Okay.
But to be fair, Ubisoft had nothing to do with Yaris.
I think the bar for quad, I realized Ubisoft may have put out a couple of stinkers over
the years, but there's, there's some really good stuff too.
And Rayman's Rayman's on the good side.
Rayman is, but you can't bulk it free.
True.
All right.
Then again, they do also have that weird bird combat game that's coming out.
That's VR or something like that.
Why not?
That you like, I don't know what you do in this game, but you're a bird.
All right.
And you do battle.
You're a Pidgey.
Uh, last up, Dar Sakura.
Um, Florence and the Machine has three songs out that are for Final Fantasy 15 and they're
all on iTunes right now.
I may have just bought all of them, but the songs are Too Much is Never Enough, I Will
Be, and Stand By Me.
Um, and yep.
The last one, actually, it is a cover of the original Stand By Me.
If there's not going to be poking dead bodies in Final Fantasy 15, I'm going to be slightly
disappointed.
Hey, want to see a dead body?
I will say this, uh, the minute that I found out that those tracks were on Spotify, which,
you know, it went up Friday and all the big music services got it Friday, uh, I went and
listened to the whole thing.
I was not disappointed.
I love that cover of Stand By Me and I love how it incorporates the Final Fantasy theme
into it.
I mean, you kind of already knew that from the trailer, but the two original songs are
really good as well.
Like, you know, Florence is a phenomenal artist and, um,
And she's not on, what, Heroine?
What was she on?
She was on something.
Well, I guess a lot of artists were, but anyway, all that aside, she's a fantastic musician
and I loved the, even though it's a three song soundtrack, I loved it.
So, um, yeah, check it out.
Listen to it.
I think there's a YouTube out there.
They officially put out with scenes for the game from one of the other songs, not Stand
By Me, but the first song on the soundtrack.
So, uh, yeah.
ImmortalKing in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, I love Florence and the machines.
And now that it's on Final Fantasy 15 is awesome.
Uh, and then Bobby Blackwolf says, I actually love Too Much is Never Enough more than Stand
By Me.
That's the song, um, that is first on the soundtrack.
Yeah.
Honestly, the Too Much is Never Enough is a fabulous song.
And I really hope it's used artfully in the game because if that is with a climatic moment
in the game, that could be a beautiful thing.
It was just alcoholism.
Oh, only.
All right.
Anyhow, you can get over alcoholism a lot easier than you can heroin.
Fair enough.
So moving on.
All right.
In other news, um, Sega has renewed the license for Virtua Fighter.
Oh, sorry.
The trademark for Virtua Fighter.
So maybe we shall have more of those coming out.
I'm never, I'm not a big fan of the Virtua Fighter series myself, but a lot of people
are.
I'm a Tekken girl.
Well, writer, we've got Virtuality coming out.
Maybe Virtua Fighter.
No.
Yes.
Kick Punch.
That's it.
All right.
Uh, we're going to get back into some, uh, long form news here.
I do want to mention though, something that had come up in chat, as I saw people talking
there over at live.vognetwork.com, uh, I saw that, uh, uh, earlier after the break, SH2100
Matt was letting people know that tickets for MAGFest are on sale, the music and games
fest, which I went to for the first time this year.
And I had a great time.
Uh, so the hotels went up for MAGFest earlier this week and it was, it was controversial
to say the least.
Let's put it like that.
Were there some servers humbled by your presence or whatever?
Kinda.
I mean, I don't think it was that the servers fried, but it's just that hotel rooms were
gone instantly.
And that hasn't really happened with MAGFest before.
Like last year, I feel like it took like a day.
And the year before that, like it just wasn't like MAGFest is getting really, really, really,
really popular.
And it's being constricted by that space that they hold it at.
Although that is a beautiful hotel, it's just National Harbor is only so big in itself.
So, you know, there's just, there's just some growing pains in that regard.
And then there's the whole, they put it up at a really weird time.
They put it up at one o'clock Pacific, which for most people that go to MAGFest was four
o'clock Eastern, which, you know, a lot of people are still at work.
So it was a weird time for them to put out and they did it unannounced unless you're
on Twitter.
So they're getting a little bit of heat for it.
You know, I, I do feel like that team is very responsive and chatty.
And so I feel like they're listening to the feedback at least.
So, I mean, you know, what's done is done.
And then the tickets for actual MAGFest went on sale just, I think yesterday.
And the servers did melt down for that, but I think they've stabilized now.
Although they say that MAGFest will not sell out as fast as the hotels did.
But I don't know.
I don't know if I believe that anymore, but I did want to say some of the same people
I went to MAGFest with last year decided to go again.
And I have decided to go with them again.
We did, we did not get the official hotel cause we were 15 minutes late, but we did
get the hotel next door.
So we did get a hotel.
So it's not that bad.
Yeah, it's whatever.
Yeah, whatever.
So I just, my only thing, and this is always my paranoid thing.
We're going to Washington DC in January is please no Snowmageddon.
That's my only wish.
Please no Snowmageddon.
Uh, so, uh, but I will be flying out there and going to MAGFest.
I, I, our friend just booked the tickets.
They're doing the group rate thing cause there's like at least eight of us going.
Uh, so I will be going to MAGFest 2017 and I'm really excited to, um, be there.
Uh, this year I am going to try to lobby to get on some panels.
I would love to do that now that I know a little more about what the convention is all
about.
I would really, really love to get involved in that capacity.
Um, and I'm looking forward to representing VOG.
Um, I don't know if I know Bobby is unable to go cause the earlier timeframe of the year
makes it not able to work for him.
I'm not sure what other VOG hosts we have that might be going.
Uh, but I look forward to, uh, representing, uh, VOG and being hopefully a part of some
of the hosts that can go.
So, and MAGFest is going to be a lot of fun.
Excited.
All right.
Rama in chat, uh, over at live.vognetwork.com says Sky working on it.
Yeah.
All right.
Ooh, wow.
And MXC says the cheapest tier of tickets sold out a few minutes ago.
Wow.
So there's going to be slightly more expensive now.
Well, hopefully my pal already got those tickets.
I better, uh, beep him or what we can do.
All right.
Uh, we're gonna get back into some other long news at this point.
So Loki.
So let's talk a little bit about Pokemon Go.
Uh, Niantic is finally cracking down on players that are cheating in Pokemon Go by using bots
or other programs.
They've made some changes or additions to their FAQ and they are now sending out the
ban hammer and also sending out cease and desists to some of the, um, websites creating
these bots, including one such bot called Necrobot.
Uh, they sent out a cease and desist letter and basically they've shut down, you know,
shop and you know, they comment, do the legal action being started against, um, other bot
creators and devs.
Uh, we did not receive the letter yet, but the project development will be stocked.
And then of course, you know, there's other, uh, what was some of the other bought ones
that other bot creators have also received, um, cease and desist letters though for that.
Um, one of the other things they included on there as well, using an emulator, um, modified
software to access Pokemon Go or clients or backends.
So they're saying that maybe they might ban you for using some of those Pokemon tracking
things because there's still some of them out there and you create, you know, accounts
to do that.
But let's be honest.
I mean, you can create as many fucking accounts as you want and they're not really going to
stop you.
So it gets banned.
Big deal.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, it's very easy to make a new account and keep playing.
Um, but at least I'm glad Niantic is doing something about it, but I'll, I'll just give
a cheap plug for Pokestop podcast this week because we talked a little more about this
at length and some of, I kind of feel like we, there's some false positives, unfortunately,
that it makes it hard to be excited about this when that's going on.
It's definitely a step in the right direction at least.
It is.
It is.
It's better than nothing.
That's true.
That's a common theme with Niantic.
It's better than nothing.
Not only is Niantic sending out cease and desist letters, but they're also getting sued.
They're getting sued by a guy from West Orange, New Jersey.
He's pursuing a class action lawsuit against Niantic Labs because his house or I guess
apparently his house is labeled in game as either, um, or something nearby, maybe as
a Pokestop or a gym.
Um, yeah, I'm not really sure.
Say if it's specifically his house or something, but basically those darn kids are on my lawn
playing Pokemon Go and, and I'm not happy about it.
And so basically he says, you know, at least five individuals knocked on the plaintiff's
door and asked the, asked the plaintiff's, um, access to the backyard to catch Pokemon.
Someone explain this to me.
I never fucking understand this because I've never had to walk anywhere to get a Poke.
I mean you can catch a Pokemon that's like several, I don't get it.
Like it's, are people dumb enough to like not realize that you don't have to be on top
of the Pokemon to catch them?
We talked about this a little bit on Pokestop last week and, uh, the theory I threw out
there was that it wasn't the Pokemon themselves, but it was the whole searching feature that
was causing people to triangulate the Pokemon in this person's backyard.
And that's cause you know, back East and these other places, they have much bigger backyards
than we do here.
So it was, and we, we, I'm speculating again, tinfoil hatting, I have nothing to go on,
but this could be part of the reason why Niantic said we needed to get rid of the searching
the way it was and replace it with something else.
So I worry about this loss.
I mean, I, I know a lot of us are kind of laughing it off.
This one worries me.
Like I kind of feel like this is going to be a really interesting precedent for AR gaming.
I just, I have the, maybe I'm just like, you know, that Ingress player that's like, ah,
I've been doing this longer than you guys.
But it seems like just, it's really like new bitch to think that you got to walk right
up to that stuff.
Like, I mean, seriously, just driving around, you can catch it, learn how to hop a fence
like the rest of us.
Just like forget it.
I mean, you'll have to, if it's on your screen, you can tap it in, you know, attack it.
It could be like several blocks down the road, but, but it could be again, the backyards
in some of these neighborhoods are huge.
So somebody is triangulating it in this person's gigantic backyard and they need to get in
the backyard to actually even though that's not a pokey stop.
That's just in general people being dumb, but you know, I don't know, whatever.
We'll see.
I, I, again, this, this one worries me a little bit.
I feel like at the end of the day, it's the choice of the kids to ring the doorbell, not
Niantic.
So talk to their parents.
Yeah.
So I kind of feel like that might be the escape here, but I, I just, I worry a little bit.
Did you hear about the bad egg for Pokemon Go?
There was an article up that said that, um, people were able to, through some kind of
glitch, put an egg as, um, with the gym.
Oh, I heard somebody was doing that at one of the local communities here.
Yeah, yeah.
And I'm trying to find the picture of it.
Basically the egg has no CP, so it can't be killed and it will just reap all those ongoing
benefits of being a gym leader and you can't knock it out.
People, you can file a report with Niantic to have it removed, but, um, it's just happening,
I think for the most part on the East coast, um, gyms, but still a nuisance.
Yeah.
So something else to consider, you know, William Murderface, I just, before we move on to the
next story, William Murderface poses a, a, a good question in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
William Murderface says, how is ringing a doorbell a crime?
The fuck?
Um, I suppose they're going to have to prove that it was a nuisance.
You know, if it was at weird hours the night, I mean that that's going to be the, the, the,
it would have to legally be a nuisance for that to happen.
That's why, you know, you don't go ring your neighbor's doorbell at 2 AM just to say, Hey,
sup, I'm bored.
What you up to, you know, don't do that.
No.
Well, I w okay.
It's different if you work overnights, Mike, you can do things like that, but, uh, you know,
yeah.
Anyway, well, we'll see.
I don't, I don't know.
I think that's a good question.
And one that will probably be asked in court that Niantic will say, what's illegal about
ringing a doorbell.
Anyway.
Uh, let's move on to a story about something that's definitely illegal.
And that is hacking a forum to get people's passwords.
Yes, it's happened again.
Feel like we have one of these stories every month, but the forums for Dota 2 were hacked
on July 10th.
And apparently they got 2 million records in the hack, usernames, email addresses, passwords
and IPs.
So if you didn't use a unique password on the Dota 2 website, you should probably do
that next time.
And as always change your password, which at this point, you might as well just change
your effing password on all your sites every couple months, just to be safe or use, I realized
everybody, some people use the app that does the one password generator, whatever works
for you, just realize you can't, you know, name all your passwords, you know, Mr. Kitty
123 or whatever silly passwords people come up with, it has to be a lot more complex than
that or things are going to get hacked.
All right.
Moving on, DarkSakura.
Well, again, business can be shady.
Business is super shady.
Microsoft bought its Twitch competitor.
They acquired Beam Interactive, they are not saying for how much, basically it's pretty
much, you know, like Twitch is, it's to watch realtime gaming and commentary.
And so they're calling it a convergence, it's a takeover.
It's just shady business.
So the one thing about Beam is that it is completely realtime.
It doesn't have that 10 to 20 second delay that Twitch has.
And it also has different tools that allow the different viewers to influence the stream.
So like they'll let a viewer select the weapon that they have to in a shooter or other things
like that.
So yeah, shady, but it's business.
Well, I could see why Microsoft wants to get in on that business as well is that, you know,
Twitch obviously has a huge audience and nobody's really competing with them.
I mean, YouTube kind of trying, but like even YouTube isn't taking off the way the Twitch
is.
So Twitch really has a lock on that.
So they're very interesting.
So it's just, it seems to me that they're just going to turn it around and use it for
their own promotion, which I like the idea of a streaming service being independent.
And then the name of this is Beam, right?
Beam.
Somebody was asking in chat.
Well also, I think Beam also is very much about, you know how like when you play Tomb
Raider on Twitch, you may not know this, but when you play Tomb Raider on Twitch, people
can like help or hurt you by the chat commands.
Beam does that type of stuff where it's like, vote on what item the player should get next
type of thing.
So there's a little more interaction than there is on Twitch, which is actually kind
of cool at the same time.
This just opens yourself up to rampant trolling.
But if there's something a little more structured, like actually, maybe the Jackbox Party Pack
is a really good explanation of that.
Because like in the Jackbox Party Pack, you might be streaming a game online that you
and your friends are playing in one room, but anybody can join to help vote on answers
and maybe change the flow of the game and things like that.
I think that might be more the type of technology that Microsoft's getting into.
So if Microsoft is really looking at making games more interactive, that could be a pretty
cool thing and something that puts it a notch past Twitch.
We'll see.
I'm curious to see what they do with this.
Very, very curious.
So all right.
Let's move on.
Loki, before we get to the mailbag.
All right.
So this is kind of funny.
Apparently THQ is coming back.
Yeah.
THQ is coming back as THQ Nordic because you may remember Nordic games when they had that
huge buyout where they were selling all their properties off.
Nordic was one of the ones that purchased a lot of the older backlog stuff that they
had.
So like the Darksiders, MX versus ATV, Red Faction, just around human properties.
Now on top of that, they're just going to be renaming themselves to THQ Nordic, which
is neat.
And they're going to be publishing under the THQ name, possibly.
I guess that's cool.
Good luck to them with that name.
I guess they really want that.
I just want to see more games coming out from that stuff because, I mean, hell, Destroy
All Humans.
That was pretty awesome.
Stoppy's with you in our chat at live.vognetware.com.
Stoppy says, I really hope they bring back Red Faction.
Red Faction is pretty cool, yeah.
So maybe it's going to be a throwback to some of these old series.
Who knows?
Well, you know, Volition really does want to make a Red Faction game because that's
what Saints Row 4 basically was in space.
I don't know.
It's silly.
Well, I think this is awesome.
And that is that Parappa the Rappa is coming back.
Yay!
Wait, hold on.
I gotta believe.
Hold on.
What?
Not in a game.
Sorry.
It's not a game.
It's not a game.
Why would you do that to me?
Because the truth, it was my clickbait.
Parappa the Rappa is coming back, but it's just not a game.
It's going to be some anime shorts that are actually coming out.
These are...
I don't...
But why?
That's already an anime.
But these are new anime shorts.
It is a series of shorts that I guess PJ Berry is actually getting the title role in this.
It's not Parappa, but it's PJ Berry, which is the little bear friend that always looks
a little hungover.
If you remember the games.
So that is going to be starting in October and it will be actually, actually, no, why
does...
It says starting in October, but it says, oh, the pilot episode will be August 18th,
then the rest of them in October.
They're doing an early preview type of thing.
So you could check that out if you want.
I want the Lemmy and Remy show.
And maybe if this does very successful, maybe there'll be a Parappa 3.
I gotta believe.
Parappa would be the perfect digital game.
We need a Lemmy sequel.
Yeah, I would totally be down with the Umjama Lemmy.
I would be down with a game starring both of them again.
Give them co-billing.
Don't give a fuck.
Just bring back this series.
Add Knuckles.
Fuck off.
Did you guys see the comic?
What if Sonic was in Pokemon?
He was going around telling all the Pokemon to rise against their human masters and trap
them all in Pokeballs.
That's what I see going on.
If Knuckles was in the game, he'd just be like, the fuck am I doing here?
And teach Parappa about hardcore.
I would actually love to see a third friend that comes in.
So what?
Parappa raps.
Umjama Lemmy plays the guitar.
How about like Marimba Mel or something?
Didgeridoo Dave.
Yeah, Didgeridoo Dave that plays the didgeridoo.
And then implement Lucio from Overwatch.
There we go.
Drop the beat.
Let's get the beat down.
But like, no, seriously, if they had Didgeridoo Dave, then you could actually go back and
play the older games with the didgeridoo enhanced soundtrack.
So you could go back and do like, you know, the toilet wrap with the, you know, ominous
didgeridoo noise.
And his didgeridoo is like the sewage pipes.
I feel like that's on the cusp of being an OLR dream game is didgeridoo Dave.
That's it.
The third game in the Parappa the Rapa series didgeridoo Dave.
All right.
I like that.
It's a dream game adjacent because it's not an original idea, but it's one that needs
to happen for sure.
It's a dream sequel.
It's a dream cool.
A dream cool.
It's a dream cool.
All right.
Didn't we open this show talking about sequels and remakes and how we don't want them anymore?
Here we are.
All right.
Anyway, we're allowed to change our minds.
That's right.
You know what?
This is your show and not yours.
Opinions in the gaming industry changing, contradicting themselves.
Get out, get out right now.
Let's get to the mailbag.
Really?
Really?
I was going to say, you know, just kind of going back to that topic we were just on there
a second ago.
Yes.
Really?
They should just add T-Pain as you know, the third character.
Why not?
Oh, Auto-2 now.
T-Pain is Auto-2 now.
T-Pain is Auto-2 now.
I think Rob just lost this.
Why is this so funny?
Because it's incredible.
Hey, I smell a list list coming.
Oh, who should Parappa's new shitty friend be?
Exactly.
Why not all of them?
All right.
Hey, if you have a shitty friend you'd like to see in the Parappa universe, email us.
My shitty friend is in my mind.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place where you can email us and tell us about
all your imaginary shitty friends or whatever's on your mind this week about gaming and the
gaming industry and so forth.
So, what's in the mailbag this week, DarkSakura?
One email.
One email?
One.
All right.
Well, at least it's an email.
Hello.
Hi.
I just wanted to extend well wishes to everyone at the OLR and VOG family.
I love you guys.
That's it.
Smile hearts, Ryan.
Thank you, Ryan.
That's the email?
That literally is an email that just was like, no, please, I'm laughing.
The music was great for it too.
No, I'm laughing as I'm still laughing at Auto 2 now, but I love that we just got an
email that's like, I just called to say I love you.
I just called to say I care.
I love it.
Thank you.
You want to know what's funny?
I love you too.
I love you too.
I actually was listening to that song last night because I was on a Stevie Wonder kick.
All right.
There's no inappropriate time for a Stevie Wonder kick.
Do you know what though was really wrong to follow that song with?
Superstition.
Anyway.
The only time that that might be inappropriate is if in the middle of Inception because they
don't really need a kick that early, especially the Stevie Wonder.
Anyway, thank you for the email.
I'll see what you did.
You know what, even though there was no question or observation, I appreciate a pat on the
ass and a job well done once in a great while.
But you don't want a pat on the ass so hard your ass falls off, tries to grant you a wish
and flies away.
Nobody understands this reference.
It sounds amazing.
Darsucker's referencing a webcomic that none of you read.
The rest of the webcomic is actually pretty dirty, but I'll link it to you guys in the
chat.
By the way, can I just mention in chat over at live.vognetwork.com Dungeon Buster saying,
I'm going to name a planet Parappa shitty friend and hope it doesn't get reported.
Great.
Let's see.
And we have Sia Tabiri in chat says, Clogger Clay.
Raginator suggests Triangle Tim.
Fifth Dream suggests base player that no one knows his name.
They just put flea in it.
It's so fucking good.
He could be like a rapper's name.
Base playa.
Sia Tabiri suggests Molly Marimba or Orange Wright suggests Xylophone Xandar.
Sia Tabiri says saxophone Xin-chan.
Xin-chan.
You know what?
See, this is what they need to do in the next Mega Man game.
Tuna base.
Trying to do like a musical spin on it where the rumor was that they're all going to be
named after like music, you know, Sonata and that type of stuff.
No, they need to be all fucking rapper names.
Like, you know, that kind of base playa or I don't know.
Actually tuna fish.
That's or excuse me, tuna base.
That's a great name.
Maybe a drag name.
Well, it could actually be a little fish that plays the bass guitar.
That's I think that's a great idea.
Act Deaf.
You should make Parappa games.
How about tuna piano?
Tuna piano.
All right.
Let's get to the FUs of the week because when the show totally derails, we just derail it further.
Harpsichord Henry said harp core Henry.
Oh, I read harpsichord.
All right.
Anyway, go ahead.
If you if you to wanting so much cheesecake that I can't fucking stand it.
And so Becky and I are going to get cheesecake because Becky with the good hair.
Actually, Jamie has the good.
Jamie has the good hair today.
I it's it's a Beyonce reference.
Oh, OK. Don't worry about it.
Sorry. Don't worry.
She's not my queen bee.
But cheesecake is all the best stuff in the universe.
And I also have blue roots.
I said when I get old, I'm going to bleach on my hair and make it blue so I can be a blue haired old lady.
And now I have like deep blue roots with my red and purple hair, and it's pretty fucking good.
Raginator says Lira Lisa and I just keep thinking Lisa Lisa and cult jam.
Yeah.
All right.
Moving on.
Loki, how about your FU of the week before my FU of the week?
I have to say accordion owls.
And of course, played by Weird Al Yankovic.
Yes.
Brilliant.
I think that really is already in my little pony.
He may as well do that to sell it.
OK.
FU to my fucking computer for being just retarded and randomly crashing.
It hasn't crashed yet, but that doesn't mean there's still potential.
I'll try to work on my game tonight.
I'm sure they'll get the crash and then just send FU to my car.
But thankfully, though, that was fixed and it was kind of weird because it's one of those like transmission things where the check engine light came on and it goes off.
And then it would be like several months where the car's driving just fine and one stutter here or there.
And then finally it stayed on so they could fix it.
So that's good.
Oh, my God.
I just heard a gay gasp.
Someone created.
I know.
And it wasn't me or Mike.
Someone created.
The Picaturo.
The Picaturo.
What?
Yeah.
And it's in California, too.
OK.
Stop derailing the FUs.
All right.
I wanted Picaturo.
My FU of the week goes to my snack food addiction because I've eaten tons of snack foods today.
And then I had a Crystal Pepsi.
Did you have a Picaturo?
I don't think so.
I have not.
Life squad goals.
It's at this place called The Loop.
Where's that?
Is it in fucking L.A.?
Everything's in L.A.
I'll find out.
It's in L.A.
I already know like mega California burrito.
Oh, my God.
Look how big it is.
I'm going to put in the chat room.
And it's served in ice cream.
It is a joke.
Since it's radio, it's a giant.
It's a giant churro that you actually wrapped around your face and has little Pikachu ears on it.
Can you put that in chat?
Yeah, I'm gonna.
Sorry for the folks listening on the podcast.
Oh, my God.
Google Picaturo.
The Picaturo has to be inside of my stomach right now.
That's amazing.
I think it would kill you if it was inside your stomach.
I don't care.
It does look alive.
Picaturo used Nuzzle.
It's super effective.
Picaturo used IBS.
It's super effective.
Picaturo uses Thunder Shark.
It was extremely effective.
What's that?
Is that the new Alola Pikachu?
Yeah, it's Alola form.
It's the Dole Whip form.
All right.
Oh, my God.
The thing's also coated in something like golden delicious.
Stop talking about fucking food.
It's a video game show.
It was half related.
Just a couple more stories for you guys and then the Skype line.
Loki.
So Spotify has now, they've unveiled a dedicated gaming section.
They have game soundtracks and playlists for games.
So some of the games that they have on there.
Rocket League.
There's some Ultimate Rock Gaming.
Gaming Anthems.
So, yeah, you can go check it out.
They're so bad.
Just if you want to check some of those out in that, just browse and scroll down to the genre section, big gaming.
I actually, I was unable to find it in the Spotify app, but I went to that dedicated website and there actually was some playlists that were actually really good.
Like, I like Spotify a lot myself.
Like, I realized you can kind of pick that or Apple Music.
But one thing Spotify has done very, very well that no other service for me has done is that the playlist that it curates.
Like, We Think You'll Like This have been spot on.
Like, they're so good.
I have never used Spotify.
Really? I don't think Apple Music does that.
It just has a list.
Well, I got suckered into the whole pay 99 cents for three months and then oops, I didn't cancel my credit card.
But, I mean, I really do like it.
So it's like, okay, yeah, they suckered me into paying the monthly fee and I kind of don't buy music anymore.
I just use Spotify.
So, which is probably not what record labels want to hear, but that's the direction things are going.
You get to listen to new music whenever you want.
I do.
That's just basically what you want.
You don't want to necessarily buy.
I have a curated playlist for new music.
And you can still search on there, right?
And it knows I want to hear every new Britney song.
It knows.
All right.
Anyhow, let's go on to one last story tonight.
Oh, this could maybe be a use for the Pikachu Dark Sakura.
Digestion?
Digestion.
Do you remember a few weeks ago here on the show, we were talking about Pokemon inspired dildos.
That's right.
Adult toys inspired by Pokemon.
Well, apparently a adult film company out there called Brazzers was the name of this company.
Never heard of them.
Well, I can't imagine why.
They're like memes worthy.
You put Brazzers on anything and it's dirty.
Anyway, they have Porn Star Go, which is a Pokemon Go inspired triple X film.
And there actually is a trailer.
And wouldn't you all like to see that trailer right now?
Absolutely.
Let's do it.
Because it's going to be great radio.
The porn stars try to catch them all.
Imagine porn stars in the real world.
They are in the real world.
I'm confused.
Get ready for the ultimate showdown.
Oh my God.
Was that anal beads she pulled out of his pocket?
And shows that she caught the beads.
What the fuck did you do to my yard?
That's the guy who's doing Niantic for all these people being in his yard.
This is like cosplay porn.
Is this a parody?
Is this serious?
Okay.
Is this legit or is this?
Oh my God.
It says August 8th.
I guess it's already out.
This is legit.
This isn't like a parody somebody did.
No, it's just a really terrible film.
Not like Google.
Just go to Brazzers.
All right.
Wow.
Now I've seen everything.
The ladies are really cute though.
They look really adorable in those outfits.
Sure.
You know there will be significantly less clothing in the actual thing.
So they're not going to look as cute, Rob.
I'm fine having just seen the trailer.
That's fine.
There you go.
It's straight on their front page.
So yes, I would definitely say that.
Oh my God.
Getting in on the...
That looks so stupid.
Getting in on the...
Did they do a Candy Crush porn?
I don't think so.
No, but they have Sex Fighter, a triple X parody, Vega gets vagina.
Yes, that's a thing.
So yes, apparently that is a thing.
That's fantastic.
All right.
Let's...
A parody title popped into my head.
I don't know if it's appropriate.
Oh no.
What's this?
Dare I ask?
No.
We won't go there.
Thanks.
That was a great radio.
Fifth Dream and Chat suggest Panty Crush Saga.
Well, here's what I was going to do.
I was going to go to their parody page because that's going to be where they have all the
different stuff.
So on top of that, they also have Sex Fighter with Chun-Li versus Cammy, of course.
Some other parodies.
Several Ghostbusters triple X parody videos.
Of course.
Star Trek's...
What would be the plot of a Ghostbuster?
Is it your vagina is haunted?
X-Men.
They also have Spider-Man, Star Whores, Storm of Kings, which I'm not really sure what the
fuck that's supposed...
I guess Game of Thrones.
Just so you know, the X-Men thing exists in the gay porn universe as well.
Or so I've heard.
Oh.
Oh.
On Twitter.
You know, people are so nasty on Twitter.
Right.
All right.
The Skype line is open.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
If you want to give us a call.
Orange Lounge Radio, again, all one word on Skype if you would like to participate with
the program tonight.
Meanwhile, while we wait for any calls that may be coming in, I want to check with Loki
for any last minute stories.
Unless he's too busy looking at pornography.
No, they just have, like, they really, after that first page of parodies, they just kind
of go downhill from there because there's not really anything...
When was it ever uphill?
Well, I thought that there'd be, like, more movie parodies and stuff like that, but it's
really not.
Like, I mean, come on.
Womb Raider means shit.
That's like fucking grade school shit.
That's art.
That's just, like, stupid.
Whatever.
That title is...
Alright, the phone's ringing.
Let's get to it so we can get through some folks that want to be on the show tonight.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, Rob.
It's Rama.
Hi, Rama.
How are you?
I'm good.
I just want to know, are you becoming the official, how do we say, per slash adult material
collector of the show?
Sure.
It appears to be Loki right now.
How am I supposed to fucking answer that?
I don't know.
Like, what gives you that impression that I'm the official curator of all the adult
collections on OLR?
It sounds like you got a little more excited about the parodies that were being discussed
with Loki about a couple of minutes ago.
You're the one that does the show about cosplay.
You should see how cute some of these costumes are, Rama.
The costumes were YouTube appropriate, to be fair.
To be honest, the costumes were pretty great in Final Fuck X.
No, seriously, it was disappointing, though, because the female, like, porn stars were
all done up like, you know, they're Final Fantasy characters.
The male porn stars were like, ah, fuck it, we're just not doing anything at all.
Yeah, no, they should have also dressed up and, you know, anyway.
Commitment, dammit.
Stoppy in chat says, as your attorney, I'm going to advise you to not answer that, Sky.
So, I plead the fifth, Rama.
Well, that's all fine, because I tell you what, if Mako-chan was awake, she'd be joining
forces with you, because on our show, she's our residential hentai connoisseur.
Can I come on anime jam session sometime to talk about pornography?
I don't see why not, I think Mako-chan would be all for that.
Alright, make it happen.
I don't watch anime, but I do watch porn.
Yeah, I don't watch that either, anime.
You're lying.
Alright, actually, one of these, I do need to catch, now that I have the Pokemon show,
I keep meaning to watch some of the episodes of the Pokemon anime and check that out, so.
My son's been watching it, and I've been watching it with him, and yeah, it's pretty
good.
It gets pretty dark in places.
Does it?
I'm like, I'm all shit, man, like that one where they went to fight the psychic one,
she's like, yes, I'm going to trap you here and keep you as my toys and kill you and steal
your souls.
Wasn't that the plot of Return to Oz?
Terrifying.
I'm like, dude.
That was keep their heads.
I'm like, this is a little dark.
Like, my youngest sounds like, I'm scared, I'm scared.
I'm like, it's just a show.
Oh, and Rama's probably sitting there going, literally, I can think of 50 different animes
that you should be watching before that.
More like 25.
More like 25, alright.
I'm actually watching anime right now.
Are you?
What are you watching?
I'm watching Danganronpa 3, the future arc and despair arc.
Because of your obsession with the games.
Pretty much.
Yeah, fair enough.
And so, and Shane and I actually just like, we're both watching them, so we talk about
it the next day at work.
Sometimes the obsession with games carries over an anime, it just happens, it happens.
Well, it's the only way they're finishing the story.
Uh, what, Rama, what did you really want to call in to talk about tonight?
I was going to talk to you about Magfest and all that goodness.
Yeah.
AKA VOGCON Winter Edition.
Yeah, right?
Yeah, definitely.
Are you going?
I am going.
And I'm also, I got peoples that's trying to secure me at least two rooms for all of
us to help out.
Believe you me.
Because let me tell you, I forgot that the rooms were going up that afternoon.
I'm checking Facebook, and I get them, and somebody's talking about it, I was like, oh,
okay.
I totally forgot because I was working, and then I go to check my phone, and so I was
like, I got a room.
I started tapping as hard as I could on my phone to reserve a room.
And then I was this close, I was like, I made one mistake.
I realized I only had one room, I need to grab a second room.
And the site wouldn't let you get two rooms, by the way, because we tried to do the same
thing.
And that's how we got locked out of the main hotel.
No, that's, yeah, because it seems that you have to go into the full desktop view of the
page.
I go to that.
Already gone.
I'm like, you know what?
This.
You know what?
They're going to have to do next year.
They need to start requiring a deposit.
I know nobody likes that, but it'll deter people from just holding rooms for the sake
of holding rooms.
But, I'll get into that in one sec, but thankfully I have friends who are traveling or going.
I will know, probably in a month or so, I'll have two rooms coming to me, so I'm good to
go about that.
As for the whole deposit thing, you're right about that, because Captain Khan is in the
same hotel, does the same thing, and every year the same people, bitch.
They're like, I have never heard of a Khan doing this.
How long have you been doing this?
This is new to me.
You could tell the people who don't read the website.
Dragon Khan has insane deposits.
I had to pay a full night's stay in advance, and if I canceled after the first of the year,
I'd lose half of the deposit.
And if I cancel now, I'll lose it all.
Rob, this is why I have a dedicated credit card just for hotel rooms.
I don't have to worry about that.
It's probably not a terrible idea.
This year we are taking over the Travis Donovan suite, and we're repurposing it as the VOG
suite this year, so we're going to have fun.
It's going to be expensive, but you know what?
I'm in an age where I fucking earned it.
I can't be humble about it, Rama.
I've reached that point in my life where I'm like, I ain't cramming four people in a Motel 6 anymore.
I fucking earned a suite when I'm on vacation, and I'm a motherfucking adult.
Rob, brother.
What?
Brother, let me tell you something.
There are con-goers that are our age that still pack six to ten people in a room.
And if they can do it, God bless you, but I ain't doing that shit.
Poor bastard that is stuck in the bathroom.
No, look, I have slept on the bathroom floor of a Motel 6, and I wasn't even fucking drunk.
It was probably E3 or something.
I've been there, done that.
My 38-year-old ass is not doing it anymore.
I'll wake up, and I'll be like, my back, my back.
There's a reason I used to play live-action vampire at Mobicon so that I would be guaranteed
a bed when everybody else got up, and I could go lay down for my four hours of sleep before
doing my go-for duty.
Yeah, and Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, being in the room at MAGFest with just my girlfriend
was nice.
We were also in the closest room to the con on the second floor.
Yeah, when you can do it.
Again, I'm sitting here going, look, I realize that not everybody is in a situation where
they can do that.
And when I was in my 20s, believe me, I did all the roughing it up in rooms and all that
stuff, and I'm just like, you know what?
I stopped going to Disneyland and doing all these other extravagant vacations I do.
Pretty much all I do is cons now, so I save my money, and I buy myself something pretty
at cons.
Mm-hmm.
And you are three cons.
We've been being a certified con whore.
I think I will hit that.
We have Dragon Con in three weeks.
We have Gamer X4 a month after that.
We have Final Fantasy Fan Fest like two weeks after that.
And now we have MAGFest.
That's four cons in the next, what, through January 2017.
Four?
Damn it, Rob, you're such a whore.
Yes.
Wow, and this is Rama.
Talk about pot and kettle.
Jesus, Rama.
I know, right?
All right.
Kossin in chat says, hmm, so Rob actually knows if you can catch a VD from sleeping
on a Motel 6 floor.
Just so you know.
Yes.
Yes, no.
Brother.
Luckily, I did not.
However, I want to point this out.
The Motel 6, where I slept, and I will never do this again in my entire life, was on Hollywood
Boulevard in Hollywood.
I, and everybody has these dreams of Hollywood.
Did it smell like prostitute on the floor?
Glitz and glamour.
Oh, no, there's prostitutes, that's for sure.
Oh, yeah, no, no.
Weren't you there?
Yeah, I was there because, like, it was, we went with our friend Brad, and he had gone
out for a smoke or something like that, and he ran into a couple prostitutes in the hallway
that were, like, trying to hit him up for stuff, and he's like, no, it's cool.
Um, but.
When OLR does E3, we hang out with hookers.
WhoreLR.
Hashtag WhoreLR.
Some day we'll have the parody movie.
That's what we can aspire for.
Maybe for our quiciniera, somebody will make a porn.
Alright.
Obviously, you know, I know peoples, okay?
We can get this shit done.
Alright, Rama, I gotta let you go so we can try to get more calls, but anything else you
want to share with us tonight?
I have a half a case of Sprite Remix and a half a case of Crystal Pepsi in my fridge.
I didn't hear Surge, so I'm not interested.
I want Surge.
Save me some.
And Josta needs to come back.
And Rama, I was going to say, you probably already know this, but call that hotel every
day until MAGFest, because people are going to cancel those rooms.
And if I do that, they're going to tell me to refer back to the booking system, so like
I said, I'm on this.
I've been doing this shit for almost 20 years.
I got you, fam.
I got you.
Alright.
Thanks for looking out, bro.
By the way, apparently the cheapest level of MAGFest tickets are already gone.
I just heard that as a few minutes ago, because our group guy was still waiting to hear back
on the final count, so we missed it.
So, and now we're kind of sitting here going, well, god damn it, you know, so we're going
to have to make a move on that really soon, so it looks like MAGFest may sell out this
year.
MAGFest never sells out.
They're going to keep selling and so on and so forth.
No, they sold out during the con last year.
Well, shit, look.
That place can handle at least 15,000 people, so you know, hey.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
It's, but move sooner rather than later.
Alright, buddy, I'm going to let you go so we can get some more calls, but thank you.
Hey, no problem.
Stay fabulous, brother.
I will.
Stay black.
I'll try.
Alright, bye.
Bye.
Alright.
Did you say stay black?
It's an inside joke.
Okay.
Something that Dan says.
Look, for those that think I'm being like insensitive or rude, it's like, one day, for
those that don't know the joke, one day Rama called in and Rama said something like that,
like, stay whatever, brother, and Dan was like, stay black, and it just turned into
this hilarious thing, and we all had a laugh at it, and Rama thinks it's funny.
We all think it's funny, so.
If you don't think it's funny, I'm sorry.
Next call.
Hi, you're on Order of Songs Radio.
Who's this?
Yeah, what's up?
This is Kaijuto.
Hey, Kaijuto, what's up?
First, I just wanted to let you know, I heard you earlier.
I've been busy, so I haven't been able to, like, really listen to the show, and I think
I heard you mention that you might be taking away your pre-order for the PlayStation VR,
because you're not sure about the new, right?
You said something like that, right?
Yep, I did.
Yeah, I think somewhere, Sony confirmed that the VR and the new PlayStation are gonna be
like, kind of like separate from each other, like, you'll probably be able to use the VR
sometime later in the future, but they really do intend for it to run on the PlayStation
that we have right now, so you don't really have to worry too much.
Well, that's refreshing to hear, so I do, I get a little nervous sometimes with what
they say versus what actually happens when things hit the streets, but I also realize
if I want to get a PlayStation VR, I'm gonna need to be one of those people that takes
the plunge.
I think, Kaijuto, at the end of the day, I'm gonna stick with my pre-order, and I'm probably
gonna get it, but I'd be lying if I didn't say I haven't thought about canceling it.
But, hey, there's the rumor, I think that they're gonna add VR support to No Man's Sky,
which would be pretty awesome.
That would be fucking rad, actually, and No Man's Sky is the type of game that I think
could do it with, I mean, I don't know about the space flight, that's the only thing I
worry about is that the space flight could be a little barfy, but I think maybe if they
tune some things and, like, you don't run into a space station and start spinning 360s
and stuff, I think if they can tune some of that down, it might actually be really awesome.
I would love to play No Man's Sky in VR.
Yeah, it's funny that you say that, because that's what I was calling about, I was calling
about No Man's Sky, and I was streaming the game for a friend of mine, and I told her
that very thing, I was like, you know what, I think they should put this in VR, but I
don't know how well it would work, but I'm just calling to say that I have it on the
PlayStation 4, and I absolutely love the game.
It's, like, one of my favorite games right now.
It's probably my game of the year.
I'm, like, really enjoying it.
I know that it's been getting a lot of heat online, because people were expecting it to
be one thing that it wasn't, but I went in there with no expectations, and basically
what it is is, like, a part space simulator, part survival game, with some exploration
in it.
You know, it's not, like, this big, heavy, action-packed, you know, adventure game, and
that's not what I was looking for, so I'm really enjoying it.
Yeah, actually, and since you missed earlier in the show, just to kind of summarize without
restating what I said, I also have been playing No Man's Sky, and I find that I really, we
agree on this one, Kaijuto, I really enjoy it as well.
I, and it's, for me, it's a little harder to put my finger on, like, I'm not sure why
I keep drawn to this, but I think it's just, I love the exploration fact, and yeah, okay,
so the planets have a lot of similar-ish looking creatures, but there's just enough differentiation
and just enough subtle, the story pushing forward every time I find a new building that
I still am inspired to move forward.
Like, it's just enough, and I realize it's not for everybody, but I'm so into it right
now.
Yeah, what about the fact that, like, the game really doesn't hold your hand, like,
you know, there's some walkthrough to it, but at the same time, it kind of forces you
to figure out what is going on, and I really like that aspect of it as well, because, like,
when I, when I first played it, and I was, like, crash land on that planet, and I'm looking
for stuff, and I really didn't know what the heck I was doing, and I just, like, took my
time with it, you know, I started scanning areas, I started finding things, and I slowly
started to understand the game, just on my own, like, not going on Twitch, or not going
to YouTube, and I like that, like, I miss doing that in games, because, I mean, we,
you know, with the internet, you know, we get so used to, you know, right at the, you
know, the click of our finger, we can just go and Google something, or look something
up online, and, you know, that's how you get through it, like, I love the fact that I didn't
have to do any of that, and at the same time, it still felt like somewhat of a challenge,
you know?
Yeah, most of it I figured out on my own, although, in full disclosure, I did stream
the first night, because I was fortunate enough to get the game on Monday, so I streamed,
and some of the streamers were yelling out, or some of the, excuse me, the chatters on
the stream were yelling out things that I'd missed, I guess, as I was going through the
tutorial, like, I totally missed that R3 could sprint, and that is such an important thing
for the sake, even though it's limited, you can't just sprint everywhere, and that's
important, you do have, like, a stamina thing, but I guess you can increase that with items,
like, other stuff.
Yeah, you get birds to do that.
But, yeah, I mean, there were some little things that I missed, but yeah, trying to
kind of figure out that game about the inventory management, and as I used this term earlier
in the show, living off the land, because yes, No Man's Sky is very much about moving
forward, but like, you know, you run out of materials, and you have to find more, you
know, you've got to be able to keep moving forward by using what's in front of you to
move forward, if that makes sense.
That's the real adventure, No Man's Sky.
Yep, and I like the fact that you're not, you're not whoring items, like, I know, like,
games like Skyrim, you know, people go in their area, they just want to collect weapon
after weapon, stock it up in their house, and never really do anything with it, like
this game, you really have to, like, watch what you're collecting, you know, you have
to, you have to balance the pros and the cons, should I hold on to this thing, or should
I dump it to get this, because I really need this right now, but I might need that later,
you know, I love that whole challenge of it, you know, and the crafting, I do have to nitpick
a little bit about the crafting, because, like, it's not a bad system, I mean, it is
a crafting system, but coming from Minecraft, I'm, like, looking for my crafting table,
I'm like, okay, where do I go to craft this stuff, like, I didn't realize that in your
slot, you have to, like, you have to craft within one of your empty slots, so that was
kind of weird for me, and I was like, you know, are they cutting corners, or did they
just want it to be that way?
Well, it's annoying, too, like, you can store, like, several tons of, you know, ore in one
slot, but, oh, that chip, yeah, that's only gonna, you can't stack those.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What was I gonna say about the, ah, I lost my thought about the game, and all this, nah,
dammit, oh well, I'll think about it later.
Yeah, but, yeah, I'll let somebody else get in on the call, but I'm really enjoying the
game, I hope, hope they keep it as is, because, you know, like, in this day and age, it's
like, developers get so, ah, they get so scared, as once they start getting some negative
comments, and they try to go out of their way to change the game, I swear, I hope that
they don't fuck with this game, you know, like, they need to just leave it as is, you
know No Man's Sky 2, do an online No Man's Sky for those people that want that shit,
but leave this game as is, if it ain't broke, don't try to fix it.
I will say, the one thing I do that does, and I said this earlier in the show, but I,
the one thing that does kind of bug me about the game that I do want to get a little better,
at least it annoys me right now, is space fighting, like, when the, when the Raider
ships come, I, I just, like, the ship is not, does not control well for, like, a afterburner
type of fighting thing, I, I just, that could be better for me, um, you know, but it's
Yeah, but at the same time, at the same time, if you think about it, I'm not 100% sure,
because, like, I'm taking my time through the game, but, I think you can go through
the game just being peaceful, like, you don't even have to fight anything, so,
No, they, they, they do, they do rage you if you're carrying expensive cargo, so you
have to be mindful not to carry that, so.
Yeah, I didn't know that.
Yeah, so anyway, anyway, I'm going to let you go, buddy, but thank you for the call.
No problem.
Alright, bye-bye.
Alright, um, I think that is going to do it, I don't see, yeah, so, I think it's almost
about nine o'clock, so we do want to wrap up, so, if for whatever reason you didn't
get through tonight, please consider sending us an email, that would again be participate
at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, you can also send us a tweet, twitter.com slash o-l-r, many
other ways to participate with the program, but thank you guys very much for participating
tonight, whether it be that you listen live or listen on the podcast, as we say at the
end of every episode, tell a friend or five about the show, help us spread the word, because
we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we don't know that the voices are out
there if they're not here, so, yeah, help us spread the word, a nice five star review
on a place like iTunes, Google Play, wherever you found this podcast, it goes a very long
way and we are extremely appreciative of all that.
Hey, Mike, thanks so much for being here tonight and sitting in on the show, I hope you had
a good time.
I did.
Yeah?
It was entertaining.
Thank you for filling in, thank you for doing PokeStop earlier today as well.
Oh, no problem, that was fun too.
Yeah, if folks haven't heard that yet and they want to hear a little bit about Pokemon
Go and the new Sun Moon trailer, check that out over at PokeStopPodcast.com.
It was pretty cool and I was a lot more talkative on there, so.
You were, but that's okay, you know, sometimes Loki's so loud, he just overpowers all the
guests.
Oh, yeah.
I'm just kidding.
Nah.
All right, but no, it's great that you could be here and I know you listen to the show
a lot, because I'll get text messages from you about something I said and I'll be like,
what, did I say that on the show?
You did.
Yeah, so you keep me in check.
Is it fun to see here play it out live as opposed to listening on the...
It's a lot more entertaining because I listen to it at work, so.
Yeah.
And better than sitting by myself at work, listening to, you know, and like kind of talking
to myself.
What do you think people out there listening in Radio Land or whatever, what do you think
people out there don't really realize about what this show really is live?
The setup, I guess.
Really?
I don't know what initially I thought it was going to be before, but like...
It's like set your expectations and then lower them and lower them some more.
Hey, I think this setup we have here...
This setup here is one of the, you know, like we have space, a lot of space.
Yeah, no, like it's surprisingly comfy.
Yeah, it's not a radio.
It's not like you guys are like hugged up on each other, you know?
No, that was the studio before this when we were at my apartment.
I don't hug.
I cut.
So I'm over here for everybody's safety.
Oh, okay.
But you share chips, Brazilian barbecue chips.
Aren't those good?
They are pretty fucking good.
This studio puts the lounge in Orange Lounge.
Yes, it does.
But yet there's not a single piece of orange furniture in here, so we'll work on that.
There's a folder right here, it's orange.
There we go, that's my observation.
There is nothing orange about Orange Lounge Radio.
It's a fucking lie.
Except for Rob.
Hey, fuck off, my beard.
My beard is the orange in Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright.
Yeah, SG100Matt mentions the garage studio looked good though with the couch and the lights hanging up.
The garage is the closest thing to what we have now.
That's what you need in here.
The garage had the 100 degree heat.
You need lights strung around the ceiling.
Oh my god, that sounds terrible.
It was pretty terrible bad.
I hate like, I hate streaming upstairs.
It was an insulated garage, so it wasn't as bad.
But Rob, you should totally do like holiday lights all around like the roof perimeter.
Like Stranger Things?
Well, not like that bad.
When you let me put a video camera in here, I'll put the lights up.
You know what? You can put a video camera in here, you just can't point it at me.
Just put it like right there.
And it should be like a surveillance cam view.
It could be like Five Nights at Freddy's and you could switch cams and in like one moment I'll just run up to the camera.
We gotta get the future. I gotta be on a quadcopter because that's not dangerous or anything.
Let the listeners fly a drone around the studio.
The whole time it's like, yeah.
It's coming dangerous close to my face.
Sounds great.
Alright, anyway, I hope you had fun, Mike. We'll see you again soon, I'm sure.
Thank you for blessing us with your presence. Do you have anything to promote?
This time, sure, might as well. I'll just plug my Twitter.
It's at mnav3. My Hearthstone one is the same, but just at HS for Hearthstone.
Is that your Twitch channel too, mnav3?
Yep. It's all my gaming stuff.
Go get some Twitch followers.
Yeah, why not? And then if any of you guys are on Battle.net, if you go to my Hearthstone Twitter, because I don't remember my battle tag info, it's on there.
So, if you play Hearthstone, we can play some games and hopefully I won't lose.
He's way better at Hearthstone than I am, that's for sure.
Yeah, a little bit.
Alright, thank you again for being here and have a great time. We'll see you again in the future.
Thank you.
So, going around to everybody else. Final thoughts. I'll start. My final thought is I think I'm going to play a little more No Man's Sky before I go to bed tonight and face the week tomorrow.
And I can't believe time is running out until Dragon Con and there's all this other stuff going on over the next couple weekends.
So, it's going to be a busy couple weeks, so everybody that knows me, please bear with me.
But I'm very excited for Dragon Con. Very, very excited. Loki, your final thought?
So, yeah, hopefully I'll work on my game if my computer doesn't fuck up again.
Oh, and another bonus to that is I had my bookmarks in Firefox, which a lot of resources for things I was using to research my game engine and everything and all the pages I had open are gone.
Because for some fucking reason they decided that, hey, we're going to keep all your files in the same spot.
Oh, except for your bookmarks. Fuck those, we decided to delete them.
Because they were there before, because I backed them up and now they're fucking gone. Because fuck you, we're Windows and we'll do fucking one.
No more porn for you.
Fuck your bookmarks.
Oh, porn. God, that's all in my head. I'm talking about like, you know, no one needs shit.
How am I going to remember Pornhub? That's going to be so hard for me to remember that website.
I mean, porn is just dumb. Who needs bookmarks for porn?
The good shit.
Please. It's a fucking buffet that's ever-changing all the time. We don't need a good shit.
A buffet full of crap.
Alright. And last but not least, Dark Sakura, your final thought tonight.
Cheesecake.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio. We will see you in seven days to do it all over again. Good night and have fun.
To join us for a live show, tune into VoGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VoGnetwork, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.
