Orange Lounge Radio
Visual Hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, No Man's Sky gets patched, some Pokemon Go players get banned, and PlayStation 4 slim details get leaked. We discuss the week of gaming on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Join me here live in studio is DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hello and welcome.
Hi.
We had a little bit of a scare there because we thought this might be your last week before the break, but it's actually going to be next week.
I'm just not looking forward to that last week right before that. You know why?
Why?
Because I'm going to be working six days in a row.
Eww.
Ewwww.
What did you do to deserve that punishment?
I had surgery, therefore I missed my shift bid.
Oh, no, no. I meant, what did you do to deserve six days in a row? That's awful.
I had surgery and missed my shift bid.
I see. All right. Well, you know, again, you will be missed during the break, but we did figure out a way. We are going to have you continue to do the Classic Game of the Week through the magic of recording segments in advance.
Yes.
So there will be that.
We'll call it time travel. It'll be, it'll, it'll call TARDIS posting.
Yes. It'll be a classically recorded segment.
Yes.
Well, but we'll bust out like the old little recorder and the mic.
Yes. Oh, yeah. The old timey thing. We'll get, we'll get some razor blades and edit the tape, like actual physical edit, like I learned to do in college.
Yeah.
When I was studying radio and here I am having done a podcast for the last 15 years, never had to touch a razor blade except for my face.
You know what?
We've had to, I've had to do actual photo editing in the old school way.
Oh, yeah?
Where you cut out with an exacto knife.
Oh, like actual cropping.
Yeah.
You don't take, that little tool in Photoshop is an actual picture of a cropper.
It is. Or even on top of that where you use like transparent ink to reshade so that the shading looks natural.
Yeah.
All that stuff I learned how to do. And you know how often I've had to do it? Once. And that was on purpose since I graduated.
Understandable. All right. Well, let's also say hello to.
And Raginator, no, that's not going to happen. Halo will never be a classic game of the week because I will never approve it.
And Dark Soccer responding to a live chat comment at our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com where if you are listening live, you can come make a comment and get yelled at by Dark Soccer as well.
But sometimes she'll also say nice things to you. Okay. Also, say hello, of course, to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm all right.
Yeah?
I have a headache for yelling at slow drivers on the way home.
I'm sorry.
Sorry, there's so much anger tonight. My gosh.
They were driving super slow. It's like you're merging onto a freeway and you're driving 15 miles an hour.
I understand. I drove to, as we'll talk about in a minute here, I drove to San Francisco yesterday and it took me three hours to get there because it's just like not only did Waze say hello,
but it definitely did Waze send me on the most backwards way to get there because I'm sure the roads were a mess.
That app usually tends to know what it's doing.
But just slow drivers that cut people off left and right causing backup for everybody.
It's horrible.
Were they doing construction on the bridge? Because they're always doing construction on the bridge.
Actually, I don't think they were. I think this is one of those.
Oh, my God. That's like the one time.
Yeah. No, I don't think I saw any construction on the bridge for a change.
So it's just it was backed up because traffic always backs up.
It stinks.
Yeah.
All right. Have you ever edited tape using a razor blade?
Actual audio tape.
I've cut a tape apart to pull it out of a tape player.
And then and then possibly drag it behind a car.
That doesn't necessarily that's not it's editing the tape to be something different than it was.
You know, like, is it the whole like pencil and the tape to unwind it?
That's the trick we see today.
We'll never know this.
No, no, it wasn't that.
It was like we had all these video cassette tapes that we weren't going to be using.
So what's better to do with them than to just throw them away, but to destroy them and then throw them away.
And, you know, those tape, they're very long.
It's fun to drag the whole thing out.
We wouldn't TP trees. We would tape trees.
Did you just moan into the microphone over there?
I did. I had a Cinnabon delight. It was in my mouth.
Exploded in your mouth.
It was beautiful with a creamy center. It was quite obscene.
Let's see, going to live.vognetwork.com.
SS2100 Matt says also Rob is number two on my friend's leaderboard on Waze.
I'm number one on my own leaderboard. Who's beating me?
Is that like being the top of the leaderboard at Google Maps or something?
Yeah, it's not it's not it's not a very serious game.
It's just something I pretty much always use it when I'm driving long distance.
And I use it on my commute to work a lot, too.
So anyway, let's see.
Also looking for more chat in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Some folks talking about Halo.
Kaijuto says I agree. Halo should never be a classic because of its fans.
I do like Halo 2, 3 and Reach, though.
So all right. Well, it is what it is.
I think there's thousands of more games out there that deserve a little attention.
And maybe Halo on the last episode. Who knows?
In regards to our discussion about Sugimansato Rena.
2019 will be when it qualifies.
Oh, for a classic game of the week? Yes, because a classic game has to be 10 years old.
It came out in 2009.
So since you brought it up, I'll mention this real fast before we get into the kickoff topic.
So we were looking on Twitter.
Actually, no, one of my friends randomly retweeted this on Twitter and was like, WTF is this?
And it was a Steam game that was called Cat President.
And so when I saw this, you know I did a double take because, you know, again, this is a long time ago.
It was probably, what, 2008, 2009.
There was a Wii game out there called Sukiban Senchou Rena Wii.
Sukiban Shacho Rena.
I always mess up the pronunciation.
But the translation was roughly President Cat.
And it led to this whole discussion about why don't we get these more off-the-wall types of games.
Is a cat being president? This sounds hilarious.
We talked this whole thing up.
And then we ended up getting some of our listeners to tweet at the developers who actually noticed us.
And that caused some of the game blogs at the time out there.
Senpai noticed us.
Yeah, Senpai noticed us essentially.
And some of the game blogs were running with this story.
Fans are clamoring and petitioning for President Cat to come to the US and all this.
Which I think is funny because Jamie essentially named that game.
Because she was like, it's not exactly that, but roughly that.
But I would say it's a great name.
Sukiban is like a delinquent girl leader.
And then a shacho is more like a company president.
So it was like delinquent company president Rena.
Yeah. And you were like, I think you said boss cat first.
Like boss cat, yeah.
That's not good.
Like a gang leader boss cat.
So anyway, so the game blogs ran with this.
And of course the game never came west.
What was interesting about it is that then there were follow up articles out there that said,
Oh, now it's the worst selling Wii game of all time.
And it only sold 100 copies.
And to this day, I want to see the receipts.
Like nobody's really been able to produce receipts that that game only sold that many copies.
Which would shock me, especially considering Wii imported several of those copies because of this show.
So I have like maybe it only sold 100 at this store or at this demo or whatever it was.
But you know, and then on top of that, I mean the minimum print quantity, because you have to manufacture those.
The minimum quantity that they do is several thousands.
I can get 130 bucks on Amazon now.
Well, they copy the game.
Yeah, I'm sure it's I can play it, but it should be a cult hit at this point.
Oh, um, I actually there was a book.
I think it was based on the comic or something manga or something like that was was where it all tied together from.
But anyway, so OK, so that's that was the background.
So there was a huge campaign for President Cat.
And what's really funny, like years later, one of those websites like Destructoid or something,
ran a 10 games that also need to be localized for the Wii.
And this was right around the height of Operation Rainfall when it was like, you know, we need to get the last guardian.
We need to get Pandora's Tower and Xenoblade and all this stuff.
And then Destructoid actually ran a story that was like, here's 10 more games that need to be localized.
And President Cat was on it.
And that made me laugh like all the years later.
So obviously, when we saw Cat President.
Here's the article about us. I'll link it in the chatroom.
Oh, you found it? Yeah.
Not that one, but it was like grassroots effort to bring bizarre game to the US.
It's funny. You can Google it and all these.
It's funny that of all the things we've done in the 15 year history of the show,
that and the beautiful Katamari issues, I'll leave it at that, were the things that got us on the gaming blogs.
So it's just funny.
But anyway, so anyway, so we see this game called Cat President.
Of course, I do a double take. I'm like, oh, my God, someone made it. Someone did it.
And then my second thought was, are we getting a cut?
Although, to be fair, we had nothing to do with the original Wii game.
So I didn't really think that. But, you know, I laughed it in my head.
I was like, did somebody actually make an OLR dream game come true?
Well, it turns out I actually did a little research on this game in Steam, this Cat President.
It was something that was greenlit recently.
And it's a visual novel game.
So it's nothing like I think you actually said it looks more like Hatoful Boyfriend in the art style than anything else.
It does just with the background being actual photographs.
But, I mean, it makes me think a lot more of Hatoful Boyfriend.
And, you know, it is logical that a lot of people are talking about an election right now for some strange reason,
which was the case eight years ago when this President Cat thing first happened.
So, I mean, it is natural that somebody had the same idea because cats are awesome.
So anyway, I am going to reach out. We found who made the game and found them on Twitter.
I am going to reach out and try to get them on the show in a future week because I do want to ask.
I want to say, did you know about President Cat?
Did you know that's the thing? Because I want my money.
I'm just kidding. I would not say that.
But I'm very curious to hear where the inspiration for that came from and so forth.
So we'll figure that all out.
So anyway, since you brought that up, I had to mention that because I think I tweeted about it on the OLR account.
I put like, what's this?
I put the emote icon that goes, what's this?
With the little screenshot I saw on Twitter.
So that's where that all came from.
So there really is a cat president game on its way to Steam.
So we'll get more on that later.
So I want to talk a little bit about an adventure that I went on this weekend.
And maybe I should introduce somebody else who's sitting here in studio.
Who is always sitting here in studio, it seems like, during the show.
Shane is back with us this week.
I just haven't left.
Yeah, I know you've literally been here since Saturday.
I just don't like my new place I live.
So I don't really like going back there as much as possible.
You just hang out here now.
Yes.
I was actually saying earlier, he's kind of turned into Kramer from Seinfeld.
But like, you know.
My hair isn't stupid.
So that's really rude.
I brought you Cinnabons, so I'm going to go spit on yours now.
No, no, no, just let me eat them.
Okay, I'm going to let Jamie eat them.
Because they're amazing.
I love how he says, I'm not rude, and I'm going to go spit on your Cinnabons all in the same breath.
I didn't say rude, I said I didn't have dumb hair.
Alright, anyway, look.
Let's see.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, oh good, Shane's on the show.
I want his take on the Color Splash Power Rangers.
That's the thing.
Is that the Mario?
I think there's like a reference in the new Mario.
Oh, yeah.
I saw like that video, and I already forgot it.
Okay.
So that's how memorable it was.
Here's the weird...
And like Final Fantasy XIV is doing an event all about...
Oh, shucks.
Did I miss it?
I might have missed my first Final Fantasy XIV holiday.
It's doing an event all about like Power Rangers or Super Sentai, and Shane cannot be bothered.
I really don't care about it.
It's not like actual Super Sentai stuff, and the outfits you get aren't cool enough.
So that's fine.
I don't need it.
Well, anyway, you're here to talk about an adventure that we went on.
Oh, and if we're going to talk about Nintendo Sentai stuff, it's all about the Axiom Rangers
from Super Mario RPG.
Alright, look.
Let's talk about this adventure that we went on yesterday.
So, Shane, you decided...
Well, first, the story was we're going to go to round one today because my friend Tyler's
never been, and I was like, oh, round one adventure.
That sounds like fun.
So, yeah.
I said I'll drive.
I've got the new car.
Let's go to San Jose.
Let's go to round one, which did end up being part of the plan.
But then the day before, you heard, oh, people are getting to go to Pokémon Worlds after
all.
Yeah, so...
What happened?
I can tell this story.
You don't need to tell it for me.
Okay, fine.
Please.
So when I was at Power Morphicon, we met this like gay couple that's married, and we hung
out with them, and they were coming up to San Francisco after Power Morphicon in Pasadena.
I randomly get a text while I'm at work from one of the guys saying, hey, the Pokémon
Center is open to the public.
Look at what we just got for myself and my nephew.
It was like all these plush toys.
I was like, really?
He's like, yeah.
It's going to be open throughout the weekend, so you should go if you want.
I'm like, okay, bye.
So we went to the Pokémon Center.
I want to go.
Yeah, we did.
We went to...
Why didn't anyone tell me?
Well, A, it was literally last minute.
Yeah, it was super last minute.
I didn't think we were actually going to go.
So we went and picked up.
I got some plushies and a coffee mug.
Yeah, you got a Pikachu butt coffee mug.
I love that coffee mug.
I got a shirt and a hat and Pikachu.
But we were not able to go to the actual event.
No, and I actually really, really would have loved to do that part.
But you've been watching it all.
Oh, yeah.
I watched it all.
So tell us a little bit about the event, because I was able to listen to it while I was riding
in the car, but I wasn't really able to watch it.
Well, what do you want to know about it?
How was it?
What do you get out of it?
What do I get out of it?
It's just like watching a competition on TV.
It could be baseball or another sport or whatever.
It's just a sport to me, and I love watching the competition.
A card game is kind of boring sometimes, but the actual video game is really fun to watch.
So I watched a lot of the...
I saw some Swiss on Friday, which is where they just kind of randomly fight each other.
They get paired up.
And then I saw some of the top eight yesterday, and I saw the top four yesterday before it
cut out, and then watched the...
And that was all for Masters.
I only watched the Masters.
And then today I watched the Finals for Juniors, Seniors, and Masters.
And USA took everything for those, so that's nice.
But we got shut out in the card game, but who cares?
Which I still don't understand how the card game works.
And the card game's where all the money's at too, because first place as a Master gets
you $25,000.
You gotta buy all those cards.
That's where the money goes.
I guess.
To beef up those debts.
Not that expensive to get.
Don't spend no $25,000 on them.
Well, so we went...
I mean, that was a big chunk of the morning just to go there and shop for things that
pretty much you could buy online.
Nope.
Nope.
That's not true.
Some people, yes, like something you got, yeah, and what Tyler got.
But if you were smart like me, you only got the stuff that's branded Worlds, because that
will not go online.
Well, and also, if I don't get it now, I'm not going to think to go online later and
get it.
That's true.
Sometimes it just boils down to that.
But I don't even like Pikachu, but I love the San Francisco Pikachu, because he's holding
a little trolley car, and he's adorable.
And if I could get San Francisco Pikachu in the game, I'd probably play with Pikachu sometimes.
So they announced that the next one's in Anaheim.
Yeah, today they announced it's in Anaheim, which is kind of surprising.
I thought they would have moved off of the continent and gone like Europe or something.
Or the other coast, at least.
Even though they were just in Boston, you'd think they'd at least go, but that's kind
of surprising.
They're not going that far away.
But that's awesome, because that's another road trip potential.
If they let people in, but I made a decision that I'm going to try to play competitively
this year, so I don't have to worry about not being allowed to go.
Even if I lose first day, I'll still get to watch everything.
So you are, this is a big declaration you're making.
You are going to try to compete in Pokemon at the competitive level.
Yes, starting with Generation 7.
How are you going to prepare for that?
Well, Generation 7's almost going to be a reset, because it's like everything changes.
That's why I'm not really caring about it right now.
I'm just sticking with my shiny hunting.
Okay, I got you.
So what are you going to do to prepare?
Like, how are you going to play Pokemon even more than I already do?
I really don't know how it's going to work, but I'll start following.
Like, I've already started to follow some of the best on Twitter, and I know there's
like YouTubes I can watch to kind of learn more about the competitive side, and so I'm
just going to kind of immerse myself in that.
Because, man, winning $25,000, it's what?
It's not 25 for the video game.
I forget how much it's like $15,000, I think.
Something like that.
But if you could win that, that's pretty awesome.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSG100Matt says, Shane is going to have a Rocky IV training montage in the snowy mountains.
Are you going to get people to train you?
You were talking today about getting that 10-year-old kid that won the juniors to train
you.
Yeah, there's some 10-year-old that could have totally killed me at this.
I'm like, he should be my trainer.
Because he said he wanted to give back to the community, so hey, I'm a case.
I may be ordering a Team Rocket tank top right now.
What a perfect fit.
That's awesome.
I love it.
Let's see.
Going to chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Actf says, I missed the Pokken tournament stuff at Worlds.
I think everybody did.
They did that in the beginning real fast.
Yeah, the finals were yesterday.
Everything else was today because they didn't care enough, I don't think.
It's just not big enough yet.
I have to say, though, for something as massive as Pokemon Worlds is supposed to be,
I was a little surprised at how small that venue was.
Because you remember, we got to go in the hotel where they were having it.
We just couldn't go in the actual hall where the competition was going on.
But it seemed like they were really only doing it in one hall there.
And then the Pokemon Center was another little space that was kind of off to the side.
Can't they just get in?
It was interesting because this place where it was at was literally across the street from Moscone Center,
where they did TwitchCon.
And the PlayStation event.
And the PlayStation event a couple years ago.
No, last year.
Oh, was it last year, too?
I thought they moved it one year to Vegas.
Vegas was the first one.
Vegas was the first one. Last year was Moscone.
Okay, okay. I got it all mixed up. But whatever. So they did Moscone.
So it just kind of surprised me that the Pokemon Worlds thing just didn't do Moscone,
and then they could have fit more people in there.
Yeah, but I really think it was a precaution.
I mean, they would have let people in, I bet, more spectators.
Because they eventually did start letting spectators in through various ways to get badges.
But I think they would have done it had Go not come out.
I think Go really is what killed it.
Exactly. Go brought out all the fucking retards.
And I'm sorry. No, seriously.
It's not a nice thing to say.
It's exactly the thing to say. You know why?
Because when people were playing Ingress, there weren't fucking signs that said,
I'm sorry, Pokemon Go players. Maybe don't throw your trash on the ground.
Don't try to access classified fucking secure locations.
Because you don't have to tell people that have common sense that.
They're like, hmm, maybe I shouldn't go there.
Whereas Pokemon Go players are like,
I'm gonna walk through the door because you're the Pikachu over there.
I'm sorry. No, it's just.
If you have to tell people that, you know.
Like, why do I have 50,000 stupid pop-ups on fucking Go?
Please don't trespass. Please don't play in your car.
Oh, yeah, fuck that. I'm gonna play in my car all the fucking time I want.
Because I've been doing Ingress and it's been just fine.
You know, hey, be respectful of this and that.
I mean, come on.
Nobody gives a shit.
And that's why. Because those people would be like,
oh, I'm gonna go in here. I'm gonna catch a Pokemon.
Darktitsuyu in chat says, wow, Loki, I just can't even right now.
Yeah, same. But to a point, I agree to a point.
Because we talked about this on Pokestop podcast this week, cheap plug.
Was that, you know, the sales of the 3DS have been impacted by Pokemon Go.
And it is causing a lot more people to become interested in Pokemon
that weren't before. Hell, I'm kind of even one of them.
Like, I think for a long time, Shane was like, Rob, play Pokemon.
No, Rob, play Pokemon. No.
Or I would, but I'd kind of quit by the first gym.
But then when Go came out, it was like, oh, I'm kind of feeling energized about Pokemon again.
And I've been playing the handheld games more than I have in an extremely long time.
So, and now I do this podcast about it, too.
So it's like, you know, and there's a lot of people, I think, in my shoes.
A lot of the guests we've had on the Pokestop podcast have said the same thing.
They've said that, you know, well, I was playing in like Gen 1, 2, and then I kind of fell out of it.
But Pokemon Go has brought me back.
So actually, you know, even though Loki uses very extreme descriptions in what he's saying,
but I think the point about Pokemon Go is causing this huge in-surge of interest in Pokemon that wasn't there before.
I think that is true.
I think, and I think that there's a lot of assumptions that, oh, they were going to spawn a legendary of Pokemon worlds.
And I think they kind of had to go out of their way to say, that ain't happening, stay home.
Another thing.
Would they listen like they would listen to all the pop-ups in the app? No, they're not.
Another thing that I think also kind of ruined it for spectators this year is the addition of Pokken Tournament.
Because from what I understand, it was really easy to qualify to get into worlds.
So people that wanted a guaranteed like, you know, badge at worlds so they could get the cool free stuff, that may have overflowed it as well.
But the joke was on them because their badges were only good for a day unless they qualified for the second day.
Interesting.
But they still got all the cool free stuff.
I just think they should just pick a bigger venue next time.
I mean, now they know Pokemon is a bigger deal.
Pokemon Go is probably going to bring more people in.
And it'll be interesting to see if that's represented at worlds next year.
I'd be very, I mean.
I don't think it will be.
There's not really competition in Pokemon Go.
But they could do a live event in Anaheim if Niantic is ready to start hosting those for Pokemon.
Because they're still doing them for Ingress.
What? Denver and Portland, Maine have big events next Saturday for Ingress.
So Niantic will start doing it for Pokemon Go eventually.
It's just a matter of what and when.
So we'll see.
Let's see.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says, kind of sad when places like the National Holocaust Museum have to ask people not to look for Pokemon there.
And again, I talked about this a little bit on Pokestop.
I'll just summarize it here.
A lot of that has to do with an error that Niantic made by they incentivized people to submit as many portals, which are the Pokestops and Ingress.
They incentivized people to submit as many of those as they could.
Because you got a badge for it.
And leveling up in Ingress is locked behind badges at a certain point.
You know, I want to play devil's advocate really quick, which I hate doing. I think it's a dumb thing to do.
But you're going to do it anyway.
Yeah, but I'm going to do it anyway.
While it is terrible for people to go to the National Holocaust Museum or whatever for Pokemon Go.
It also might be the only reason why they'd ever go and then actually get exposed to that stuff.
I don't necessarily disagree with that.
But I think, you know, you want to not stare at your phone the entire time. You got to look up.
Well, yeah, but I feel like if I were to go, like if I played Pokemon Go like that and I were to go to a place like that museum.
Yeah, I'd do my Pokemon Go, but I feel like I would be so interested in seeing the rest of the stuff.
It's a business like, well, I don't know if they charge you or whatever, but I think it's like a good way to actually make me more interested in going there.
You also understand the boundaries of common respect, which unfortunately the teenagers to it, not to brand all teenagers, but sorry, guys.
You know, it's a lot of that that's doing this is at these cemeteries and stuff that are disrespecting the area and so forth that you were mentioning earlier.
I think it's that audience that they can't be respectful, like you're mentioning that Arunia.
Because, well, because Ingress has existed for years and those portals have existed for a long time.
Why is it only just now coming out?
Because it wasn't as popular as Pokemon.
And that's true. That's true. And that's a fair read.
But, you know, but I think the players, the general player base also kind of knew a little bit more how to respect a place like that, if that makes sense.
So, um, anyway, uh, and as 200 Matt and chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, it's all about being respectful.
If someone isn't being respectful, then they ruin ruin it for everyone.
Ain't that the truth?
Um, before we get into our gaming weeks, I just wanted to talk quickly about competitive gaming because I kind of found watching, even though I didn't get to watch a lot of it because I was driving, but listening to the commentary for Pokemon worlds, I found it very fascinating.
You know, I, I, I'm more casual Pokemon fan and I admit that openly.
Um, so I thought it was interesting, but it was like, wow, I really, I really can't dissect it on the level that they are. I know Shane can.
But yeah, like I'd start laughing or be like, well, that's so cool. And you wouldn't understand.
Yeah, I didn't. Well, a, I didn't see it and b, I didn't wouldn't necessarily understand.
You can just listen.
But I just thought, I think it's very interesting that now we live in this age of, of the direct broadcasting because of things like Twitch, heck, because of things like podcasting and live streaming, that we have more niche gaming events.
Although, you know, I realize I'm calling Pokemon a niche gaming event, but in some, in some elements it is, it's just one of the larger ones. We'll, we'll leave it at that.
Oh my God. And this year's worlds is going to spawn so much fan fiction because of the German player and the U S player that totally are in love.
And they had this like Pokeball pendant that splits in half and they each have piece of it. And it's just, it's going viral.
Okay. But it's okay. But it's stories like that. Like there's that. And the fact that, you know, when we, when even you were watching it, I was like, what are you watching the Olympics over there?
Because they're doing all these profiles of the people and like, this is where they come from. And this is how I was training my Pokemon.
Like all these things that I would expect to see during the Olympics and your witty retort, which was kind of true was, yeah, this is the Olympics of Pokemon gaming.
And I was like, Oh, so I guess this is just the way we treat all sports broadcasts at that level.
But I, I just, I thought that was very interesting that, you know, it was, it was kind of all put together like that.
And then, you know, you have former champions that are doing a lot of the commentating, which I, you know, I find that kind of stuff very interesting.
And that they will say, Oh, and so-and-so this guy's a household name, you know, in the Pokemon community.
And they were right.
And I'm thinking, I'm like, who the hell is this person? I've never heard this name before. Shane had to explain it to me.
But when you explain, well, what's the guy's name? What do you know?
Seijun Park.
Okay. And he's a big deal because he won worlds with a Pachirisu.
Yeah. He, okay. So he won worlds with a Pokemon that's kind of a, I don't want to say a trash Pokemon, but it's not one that you would expect to see in a finals.
And if I'm not mistaken, doesn't he also compete in the card game?
I think that was his first, this year was his first time. He got like 29th, I think.
See, so once I hear all that, I'm like, okay, well that, that makes sense why people that are really into Pokemon, like, Oh, it's, it's like that guy who plays baseball and plays football or basketball.
Wasn't there some sports guy that did that?
Michael Jordan.
Was it Michael Jordan?
He played baseball.
He played baseball. Okay. He wasn't the only one though. And not the one I was thinking off the top of my head. There was somebody who did like football.
The Charamzy is Bo Jackson.
Okay. Yeah, that sounds right. Bo Jackson. Thank you. So yeah, he's kind of like that.
Does Bo know Pokemon?
Maybe, you know, I'm sure he's retired at this point. So maybe, who knows?
Oh my God. I can't believe I did an eighties reference.
So anyway, um, I just, I just thought, I just thought it was very fascinating. What do you guys think of this, this competitive gaming stuff?
I love it.
Do you watch any of it? Do you watch any besides Pokemon?
No.
No?
No, none of the rest of that's interesting to me.
It adds a little bit of legitimacy to the years and years of being made fun of for being a girl gamer.
Yeah, I could see that.
Yeah. It's just, I get to go back and get, you see all these people who are making money doing all the stuff that you gave me shit for. Fuck you.
Yeah. And I, you know, and I have to admit like when they were doing the Ingress live thing from San Diego, they were doing a very similar type of broadcast and they would talk about the strategy and so forth.
And I was like super into it because I play Ingress really heavy. And I was like, this is so rad that this is getting like an ESPN level treatment and that they're talking about it, like on this serious level, which, you know, I'm really invested in the game.
So I kind of,
When was that?
It was during the San Diego anomaly. They actually did that live broadcast.
And they were doing, I think they used a group that does a bunch of YouTube videos. And so I think they kind of leverage that and they kind of did live broadcast, but I just, you know, watching it was, was awesome.
And like, you know, they were talking about the strategy. Oh, it looks like a resistance is the resistance is throwing a link through the city.
And it looks like what they're trying to do is prevent the enlightened from linking from here to here. And did it, you know, they'll just kind of analyze it on the big map.
Like it's like watching Madden draw the plays on the map with the pen, you know, it's like, like, like, like that kind of thing.
So I just, I kind of love that that exists for all these different games, no matter what it is that you're into, like Shane's into Pokemon, I'm into Ingress, Dark Soccer.
What were you watching when you saw this Dark Soccer? What, what, what, what competitive stuff do you like to watch?
Um, America's Next Top Model?
Drag Race?
I'll take it. Drag Race. You know what, you know what, you laugh, but believe me, and you know, this comes from somebody who does co-host a Drag Race podcast.
I was just watching the bad hair makeovers, that's all.
People treat Drag Race like it is a Olympic sport.
This is not RuPaul's best friend race.
Exactly. I mean, whatever it is that you're into, it's kind of, kind of neat to see that, to see things dive.
It is the Drag Olympics.
I love it. Let's see. JD is in our chat over at live.fognetwork.com saying, I'm excited for Drag Race to come back this week. Okay.
Yes. Okay. I already put in my order on my Apple TV.
Love it.
So I could watch it. And I need people to watch it with me.
All right. Let's, let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
We'll talk about television later, but video games. Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week? What have you been playing this week?
I got back into Danganronpa 2. I got into, I'm still playing Sims 4 a little bit.
I just got my controller for my Apple TV. So I'm going to be playing some Sonic CD on it.
And, um, we busted out the ColecoVision and I think my needs, it's a power thing fixed. So that's shitty.
Oh, yeah. And Peggle and Pokemon Go and, um, Miitomo. Cause now it's the Metroid week. So I have like Samus gear.
Oh yeah. I got to sign in to actually get that stuff.
Hurry.
I finally fell off the Miitomo bandwagon. I was playing it longer than anybody. And then I finally stopped.
Miitomo is great.
No, it's still cute. All right. Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, I played mainly just Ingress and a little bit of Pokemon Go. A lot of Ingress actually, which is kind of weird, but, um, yeah.
And I just checked the leaderboard. Apparently I'm ranked eight in our little cell here. So that's pretty good.
Um, I just, it's been easy because no one's been taking down stuff.
You know, normally I get a lot of like pushback from the other team, but nope, they've been like on vacation or something.
So it's been very like, Oh, Hey, I can throw this field over here.
There was a lot of drama, which I'm not going to get into on this part, but yeah, there was, there was a lot of drama.
But even still though, I mean like they've been having to send people from other areas and to clean up my stuff.
And we had Pepper hit through here and they had Marty the other day come through. Although he was like, like incredibly lazy.
Like just like, yeah, I'm going to destroy this thing. Oh, but I'm going to leave one resident around there.
I can't believe you're naming names on this show.
I don't care. It doesn't matter. No one knows who we're talking about.
Um, but it's like, it's incredibly lazy. It's like, dude, like I literally, I'm lazy when I bust stuff, I find the hub, I kill it and then I move on.
I'm literally like, I literally just drove back and just read through it even bigger. Like I'm like, fine, cool.
You have to block if you're going to, and that's the, that's the way to do it.
He threw one link, so it was cool, but unfortunately he threw it from the portal that's by my house and he didn't shield anything.
So I was like, okay, well I'm just going to break this really fast. And then, so yeah, so I played that.
Um, I played a little bit more No Man's Sky. Um, just haven't done a whole lot with that though.
Um, and then I played a little bit of Tap My Katamari. I did eventually update the app so I can't do the exploit anymore.
And I really wish I hadn't because the update, what they added was, hey, there's some candy offers you can do by doing some bullshit that, you know.
You know, have you ever seen those things when you try to go to websites? Like, oh hey, you want to download this file?
You're going to need to do one of these offers for it to work. And the offers, you end up doing it and it never fucking credits you for it.
Yep, that's, that's fucking Tap My Katamari. It's just a piece of shit.
It's funny though, is they also had some of these games that they advertised in their, um, thing.
They have like these little interactive ads, which I think are pretty cool and it gets you interested in the game.
So I was like, oh hey, you know what? These tower defense games look pretty cool. I'm going to try downloading one of them.
And I downloaded it and it's completely fucking different than that little demo. It is just like, holy shit, this stuff is just super complicated.
And it just feels like that they're trying to get me to pay. They're just like shoving those transactions just down my throat.
I'm like, nah, I'm uninstalling this immediately.
It was just like, what the fuck is going on here? This is not at all. It's just like so blatant with, oh please have, we want money. Give us your money. Money now.
Um, so I just kind of ignored that, but yeah, I'm hopefully going to play some more in a man's sky.
I really do need to go back to Fallout now that all that DLC is out and I haven't actually played any of it yet.
So I need to do that. That's it.
All right. By the way, just some late breaking news because some folks are sharing this in the chat room, um, over at live.voggenover.com and I'm seeing this on Twitter.
Apparently during the Olympics, because the Rio closing ceremony is going on right now.
Well, they always do at the end of the closing ceremonies, they always, you know, pass the torch, so to speak, to the next city that's hosting the Olympics, which is going to be Tokyo.
Tokyo is hosting the Olympics in 2020. Well, apparently, uh, somebody came out actually dressed as Mario, uh, and they actually did a whole little montage.
Yeah, it's on Twitter right now. They did a whole little Mario montage.
I saw it was the Japanese prime minister.
Was that the Japanese prime minister?
That's what it said on Twitter.
Oh wow. Okay.
Got it. Got to sell those Mario and Sonic at the Olympic games.
Right.
They have an arcade machine of that.
Like, yeah, they do.
It's four player, crazy, huge, ginormous garbage.
So yeah. So, um, you know, just, just a little, I bring that up here and interrupt the show to mention that because you know, that's kind of, kind of a big deal.
You know, the Olympics kind of a big deal for a lot of people since we've just been talking about competitive gaming and so forth.
And, and the fact that, you know, Mario just made an appearance at that event is, is kind of a big deal.
Uh, and, and it turns out it's the prime minister nonetheless. That's pretty, pretty darn big deal.
So anyway, the prime minister of Japan is Mario? Man, I learned something today.
All right. Anyway, uh, Shane, how was your gaming week? What did you play this week?
One day two of not having any shinies in Pokemon.
You poor thing.
Um, it hurts me physically right now.
Uh, other than that, I, uh, can start playing PS4 games again.
Yes, I got a PS4 controller finally.
Not going to throw this one away in a Taco Bell bag.
I hope not at least.
And then I played DDR and only played my songs.
That's all we played.
And I'm a jerk I've decided because some of those were just way too tiring for me.
It also makes me realize I'm going to start going to the gym because that was just pathetic.
Yeah, I, I really need to go to the gym too. So, but then it's like, ah, but I'm going to be maybe leaving for a week.
And so I won't get any exercise in while I'm at Dragon Con.
In fact, that's going to be worse for my health because I'll be doing so much drinking while I'm at Dragon Con.
But I'm, I'm all for trying to get up and do more exercise and DDR is always a great motivator for that.
Yeah, it was. It just kicked my butt. And so I've got to fix that for whenever I play it again.
Okay, I'm watching the clip.
Yeah.
And he's just, it's Mario going down a pipe in Tokyo in the big crosswalk at Shibuya.
And then coming up wearing a robe that he drops off of him and he's just wearing the Mario hat.
Yeah.
That's not.
Okay, but still, come on. That's acknowledging.
It's cute, but.
It's acknowledging that the next Olympics are going to be in the Mushroom Kingdom and they better watch out for Koopa.
You think it was bad with thieves in fucking Rio.
You got the fucking Koopas to deal with now.
At least it won't be.
And you better not be sending any princesses because that shit is just going to get fucking kidnapped.
At least it's not going to be in a place where the government allows its citizens to remain impoverished while spending all that money on a big Olympic stadium. I mean.
Well, and hopefully nobody lies about Wendy Okupa robbing them, but you know, anyway.
They just pee on her though.
What a piece of shit, okay?
I'm going to do an early F you to that piece of shit who pretty much got away with being a major asshole when people are giving Gabby shit for not holding her hand over her heart.
Sorry, he's a fucking embarrassment.
Okay, I'm done.
All right.
Lots of feelings.
All right.
Let's see.
My gaming week.
So I went to round one with Shane, obviously.
I'm really sad I didn't get to play DDR ace, but there were just so many people like, you know, there's just a huge line.
And so I got to watch a little bit of it.
It looked neat, but I want an addendum.
Oh, please.
I played time crisis five because I love time crisis.
Time crisis five is garbage or at least the one around one.
Oh, the guns are not calibrated whatsoever.
So you will like hold perfectly still and shoot.
And it's just going to go all over the place, at least on their machine, which really ruined the experience for me.
So I hate that game now.
What was I going to say?
So, okay.
So, yeah, round one.
I did play DDR supernova two because that's the machine we played on.
You can get on ace.
No, nobody.
Everybody was playing ace.
So nobody was playing supernova to us.
I was like, all right, well, I haven't played this game a lot.
A lot.
I played it before, but not a lot.
So I played it, played around on that.
But I actually played, you know, the music game I played more than anything was I played pop and music because it's been a long time since I really like sat down and played some pop music.
So I actually played like I played like several games back to back.
And if you don't know pop and music, imagine a music game where the controller is trouble with the Pop-O-Matic bubble.
It's nine of those.
And that's how you control.
Because that was the best part about playing that game.
You all know what I'm talking about, right?
The board game trouble.
The Pop-O-Matic bubble.
Well, imagine that that was a game that you just hit that bubble over and over in time.
You mean it wasn't?
Wait, why are we talking about how pop and music works?
Because did you not just hear?
That's what I played a bunch of at round one.
I was looking at text and playing Pokemon.
Good lord.
So I played like a bunch of games of pop and music.
No, but everybody that listens to this show probably knows.
Not everybody. Not everybody.
At this point?
Maybe.
At this point?
I'm just giving you the quick description in case you don't know.
But I will say after playing that, like my hands were glowing red.
Like didn't I show you?
I was like, look, my hands are in pain because I played so much pop music back to back.
But it was worth it.
It was fun.
I like pop music.
I played a little 2DX as well and some of the other stuff in the arcade that I enjoy.
And then as far as home games go, I've been playing more World of Warcraft.
I've been doing a lot of invasions to level up my character in World of Warcraft.
So that's been fun.
And then I played some more No Man's Sky this week, which I'm still enjoying that game.
Alan's making me think I missed something, though.
Like now he has me wondering, like, do I need to go back to a galaxy I was in a while ago
because I might have missed something or will it show up eventually?
Apparently I missed the recipe for the Atlas Pass somehow.
Like he got it in the galaxy right after he visited the first Atlas.
That didn't happen to me.
So did I miss it? Was I not looking out?
I don't know. I'm still trying to figure out the whole hyperdrive things.
You're still trying to figure out how to get off the goddamn planet?
Oh, I've already gone off the goddamn planet and then went to another planet.
And I was like, oh, hey, I'm going to find I found a broken ship.
I'm going to fix it up and take it.
And then so I fix it up and I'm like, oh, shit, I don't have a hyperdrive or the means to make a hyperdrive.
Where's my old ship? Oh, fuck, I don't remember the fuck that is because I looked and I don't know where it is.
So now I'm worried. I'm like, do I have to start the whole thing over?
But I feel like, OK, if I miss something, the game will put it back.
It's like the recipe that you can like not get on that first planet or whatever.
Like if you have the DLC thing, you get that recipe eventually.
But you just it might take you a while to get it. So I don't know.
Well, we'll see. I'm hoping I don't didn't miss that thing for good, but I've still been enjoying No Man's Sky.
I like exploring the different planets and stuff. I realize there's still a lot of controversy.
There's a lot of stuff, though, there like I found like when I was flying from place to place, I'm like, oh, there's another settlement.
That's exactly the same as the last settlement and no one there and the same chairs turned over.
It's like like some alien race came in there. I'm throwing this chair over exactly the same in every single one of these places.
Fucking like space, you know, trailers or whatever.
When you consider it, the whole thing is randomly generated.
Obviously, there are some templates that come up in the random.
Oh, I found some pretty fucked up buildings that are like up in the air.
And there's like one of those shrine things that the idols that you're supposed to find.
It shows me a map spot. I go there. There's a lake. There's nothing there. Not even in the lake.
It must be below the ground somewhere. I don't know how the hell to get down there.
Oh, the same thing happened to me. It's like there's like a shrine below the lake.
And I'm like, where the fuck is this? Because there was one in a lake, which is fine.
But like, nope, there's nothing here.
Oh, God.
And they keep going to those places like where you can like find stuff.
It's all located shrine. Cool. It keeps sending back to that one that there's nothing there.
Fuck, you know what I just realized?
Alan was trying to tell me what the thing looked like that I missed.
I think that was the thing at the bottom of the lake.
Alan, are you listening? Is Alan listening to the show?
Did the lady of the lake forget to throw you a sword?
Alan, if you're listening, I think the purple dot was at the bottom of the lake.
No, that's on Atlas Pass. That's something to learn language and stuff.
Oh, OK. Oh, I guess this is a web.
But yeah, I don't know. Whatever. We'll figure it out.
All right. So that was pretty much it for my gaming week.
A lot of the standard stuff besides a fun trip to round one with Shane and our other friend.
So that brings us to housekeeping. Do follow us on Twitter. Twitter dot com slash O.L.R.
We're also on Facebook. Facebook dot com slash orange lounge radio.
And we will be bringing back interactivity on Facebook and Google in the coming weeks.
So stay tuned for that, because I know some of you have been wondering what happened to that.
And we have a plan. So there's that.
Also, I wanted to say we will not be here in two weeks because I will be back east for Dragon Con in Atlanta, Georgia.
I know one thing I will be at for sure is the Parsec Awards, which were usually on Sunday night, if I'm not mistaken.
I don't know if they're Saturday or Sunday night this year, but look out for the Parsec Awards.
Our pal Brad and his crew over at Pod Culture were nominated for a Parsec Award for TARDIS interruptus,
which is their Doctor Who themed kind of spin off of Pod Culture.
So I'm very excited. OK. And Brad's confirming it Saturday.
So I'm very excited to go there and support him and hopefully he'll win.
But even if he doesn't, we're going to cheer him on all the same and all the great indie podcasters that make that stuff.
So we'll be there at the Parsec Awards. But that's the only thing I know for sure I'm doing.
Otherwise, I should be around the podcast track, the gaming track.
There's going to be an arcade at Dragon Con for the very first time.
A lot of these same Japanese games, now classic games, this is going to be a new thing for Dragon Con.
So I'm very excited about it. So I'll be there as well.
So we will not be here Labor Day weekend as I will be out of town in Atlanta.
That also is going to mark Jamie taking a leave from the show for a few months while she has her work schedule snafu thing going on.
So but she'll be back. You're going to have to take the day off for Episode 666 or something.
I just I can't we can't do that show without Jamie without the most evil person here.
I just need the day. Excuse me.
Well, you're pretty you're you're kind of an asshole, too. So I don't know.
We all need to be here to get out the Ouija board. That's for sure.
I just know what I want, but I just need the specific date so I can ask it off in enough time.
Sadly, we don't know it yet, but we'll we'll try to plot it out and figure it out.
But I thought that it was going to be in December after.
I think so.
Then I should be fine.
Yeah, well, we'll figure it out. I'll try to I'll try to bring up a calendar and we'll figure that out.
But we're going to get into some news right now and talk about what's going on in the gaming world this week.
So, Loki, what's up?
We'll just do like a holiday themed episode that's dedicated to Krampus and then it kind of ties both together.
I like it. I like it.
So No Man's Sky got a patch for PlayStation 4.
It's, I guess, improved some stability, which means I haven't actually played it since the patch yet.
It's supposed to improve some of the frame rate and also add support for more hardware, which I don't understand.
I guess that's more of the PC stuff.
Stability basically is the main thing.
I'm not sure if that was one of the things that they fixed was maybe the whole, I don't know, the issue with, you know, if you have the DLC shipped, not getting that hyperdrive recipe right away.
So maybe that was one of the things that was in there.
I will actually have to check that out.
But, yep.
So PC version, the patch should be, you know, should be coming around the same time.
So hopefully that's good because the PC version here is really broken.
So I did the plotting real quick for episode 666 because you guys have to hear this.
So we're not going to be here the week of Dragon Con.
So I took that that week out of it.
We won't be here the week of GamerX4 because VOG Network will be there.
So I took that week out of it.
Now, I don't remember if I am back in time on Sunday, the week of Final Fantasy Fan Fest, but I think I am.
So I think we still have a show that weekend of Final Fantasy Fan Fest because I'm only coming back from Vegas, which is now our flight.
So that puts episode 666 on the 20th of November.
It's just too perfect.
I shit you not.
The way things plot out right now, episode 666 is on 20 November.
Dark Sakura, do you think that'll work out?
I know it's a little early.
I don't know. Actually, that might be too early.
No.
I'll have to see what I can do.
No. Okay, I'll have to see what you can do.
Because that would work out a little too perfectly.
You have to admit that's a pretty perfect day for episode 666 to fall.
For those that may not know, that is the name of an old school song that was in DDR and Beatmania was 20 November.
Like in the very first. So it's really funny if it works out that it's that day.
Didn't that have to do with 20 November? Wasn't that something to do with Beatmania?
I think it was the release date, yeah. How ironic.
Going back to No Man's Sky real quick, some people are actually asking for refunds from PlayStation for No Man's Sky.
Because it is a broken piece of shit for some people.
So because of that, they've run into some issues with their return policy.
Apparently, I guess, you can do a return on.
But I guess the thing was they're not allowing you to repurchase it later on.
So say, yeah, it's not worth my purchase right now, but after they iron out all the bugs, I do want to repurchase this later on down the road.
They're saying that no, you can't. Which is a little unusual.
Steam, of course, I don't think has that sort of stimulation.
It's basically you can cancel the game, or if you haven't played two hours worth of the game, I think you can do a refund on that.
And then they said season passes, 14 days of data transaction for those.
Why not just go to the store and buy the physical game then, if they're not going to let you buy the-
I guess, I mean, yeah, you could do that.
That does seem strange.
Yeah, basically, I was told I couldn't rebuy off the store digitally, and I couldn't buy a physical copy because whatever system they employ in the background wouldn't let me run it.
They delete the license from your account, and that seems to put a block on it.
I would happily rebuy the game at a later date if it's improved, if the features promised were put in, and if the crashing was fixed.
Because these things do get fixed over time, but I didn't really want to get my money back and then never be able to play it again.
So it seems counterproductive.
Yeah, they basically said, okay, well, you can either wait for it to be fixed, or you get a refund and you can't play the game again.
That's a real weird- I mean, I understand the PlayStation 4 has the whole licensing thing, but that's a real weird convoluted thing.
I can't believe that they wouldn't still want people to try and buy it eventually, kind of like what Steam does. That's very odd.
And yeah, maybe I'm just special or something, but I have a PlayStation 4 I bought at launch.
Did the game crash on me? Yeah, maybe two or three times.
Maybe three times, but I sent the- the game saves so much. I hardly lost any progress, so just whatever.
Now, that was one person saying that. So basically, this article came from Eurogamer, and they had contacted Sony saying, hey, this kind of sounds a little odd.
I mean, you're really not going to allow them to repurchase it. And apparently, they were told that players who do get a refund for No Man's Sky would be able to rebuy the game in the future.
Contrary to what the representative had stated previously.
Interesting.
So, I mean, I don't know. I mean, I guess if you haven't purchased it yet, maybe just hold on until it gets better. Like, I kind of- you know, I was all gung ho about Just Cause 3, and that was a fucking mess.
You know, and I purchased it digitally, and yeah, I'm kind of stuck with it because, I don't know, I just- that's one game I haven't gone back to play in a while.
Do you wish you'd done a refund on it?
I wish I hadn't bought it in the first place, because that was just- I bought too many games around that time and just haven't gotten around to playing it.
And I, you know, I did buy it, and I was like, ooh, yeah, I'm really going to play this, and then I played, like, twice, and, eh, don't forget.
Alright, well, let's move on to talk about some more rumors and news that's brewing around the Nintendo NX.
Although, you know, part of the reason we like to bring these things up on the show is that, A, it's what a lot of people are talking about out there in the gaming blogs and gaming culture.
But, B, especially when we're talking about things like patents and so forth, you know, not that every patent is used, but it's usually a case of where there's smoke, there's fire type of thing.
And so these are things that are highly likely to be in the Nintendo NX. But, of course, we don't know for sure until Nintendo actually says.
Which is when, at this point, because are we expecting next month?
It's supposed to be, I think, next month, maybe? That's the thought?
I feel like it has to be.
As much of a rumor as any of these other things that are coming out, my assumption is that they will either get the jump on.
Well, I'm still sticking with they're going to announce in advance of Tokyo Game Show so that third parties can show their games at Tokyo Game Show.
Even though Nintendo doesn't participate themselves, they can still be part of the conversation.
That's still my prediction for when they announce as the week before Tokyo Game Show.
I think it's kind of unusual not to announce anything by now, I mean, because people are curious about it.
They're just repeating the mistakes they had with the Wii U. It's the same thing all over again.
They're not going to have time to get the branding out to make sure people understand what it is.
That's really what did the Wii U and it's like everybody didn't understand it and they still don't to this day.
All they have to do is add a splash screen to Pokemon Go.
People just say that doesn't affect that.
I don't think that's going to matter at this point because there's so many people playing Pokemon Go.
I don't think that, oh damn, I don't have anything to play this on is really a problem.
And honestly, by the time that comes out, since they haven't really announced any new expansions or anything that updates to it,
aside from fixing shit that should have been fixed a while ago, I don't think the hype and buzz is there right now.
I think that a month from now, even if you look at parks now, there's not a lot of people out there like it used to be at launch.
So I don't think that's going to be a big deal like, oh yeah, we have Pokemon Go.
Yeah, you and every fucking other phone out there. I mean, I just don't think that's going to be a big deal.
Well, we'll see. I mean, I knew the bubble was going to burst on that eventually, but we just talked about how 30 million people are still playing it.
So I'm just, that's one way they could get brand awareness out there.
But I think, you know, don't read too much into that.
But I don't think, I just don't think it's as doom and gloom as you guys think it is.
No, I don't. I think that's what they're relying on is Pokemon Go to launch that system.
And they need more than that.
I don't think it's doom and gloom. I just think they're falling into the same trap they had last time.
And they need to not if they want to be super successful this generation.
I think they want to stay out of the conversation during the holidays when there's all this other stuff going on.
And then when gaming dies down in January, February next year, when things slow down after the holidays, that's when Nintendo can start the hype train.
Nintendo doesn't have anything for this holiday really. Nothing that's going to give them tons of money.
They've got Pokemon and that's really it.
So like what's on Wii U this holiday? The Paper Mario game, I think that's it.
So they have two games technically.
And so they needed to be talking about their other stuff that's upcoming.
They can't afford to just sit there and wait until after the holidays.
I still think the minute Nintendo announces this, it's going to drive what everybody's talking about in the media for a while.
But we'll see. But anyway, trying to figure out what some of that could be with the NX.
There's a new patent filing that's basically for a more mod...
So this controller they're just talking about doing with the tablet that has the things that you can hook up and the base and all that.
They're talking about a modular component to this.
Imagine the D-pad could actually slip in and out and change with another D-pad.
And honestly, as far as the whole collecting faces for the DS in Japan and all that,
this seems really right in line with that.
That Nintendo would be all about special, like, controller layouts or things.
I mean, but it could even be like, imagine that it seems like maybe you could have one type of D-pad for this game,
but maybe you could flip it out and it would be a stick for another game. That would be really cool.
They already do that with like, they have, was it Nintendo Elite, or not Nintendo, the Microsoft Elite controller can do that.
And they've got other third-party controllers that do something similar where you can swap that stuff out.
So it's not anything new. I'm surprised it's something that they're patenting.
I think it's the fact that it's on the tablet device is the new element to that. I think that's how they're able to do it.
But how would you keep track of all the little pieces for every game?
Exactly. It was more of a customization thing.
Versus like, I need this specific set of buttons for this game.
Yeah, exactly. Because it's going to become a nightmare. It's just like, oh, I need this attachment for this game, and I need this attachment for this game.
And like, oh shit, what attachment do I need for this? And that was one of the problems that we had.
It's like, well shit, I can play this game, but oh, I need a nunchuck. Now I gotta go buy this extra accessory or something.
Yeah, but that's not as bad as what it could potentially be with this controller.
Like, a nunchuck that's easy to get, but what if like, say the newest Smash Brothers game needs this specific D-pad to work properly.
You're going to run into shortages and stuff like that again.
Now, I would be happy with stuff being able to be hot-swapped. One, we're talking like analog sticks, which I have several of my controllers.
The analog stick has gone bad. It'd be nice just to replace that one component without having to open it up.
Or buy an entirely new controller.
Exactly, yeah. Or buy another controller. But I just, I don't see the point yet with this.
It's like, it's a neat gimmick, but I don't know what it's going to be used for.
And I'm, I'm just worried that it's going to be like the Wii U is now, where they still are trying to convince people what that gamepad's supposed to be used for.
And it's like, dude, it's too late now. It is too late. Like, it's Star Fox Zero.
Whoa, shit, we need those fucking motion controls. For why? Because you need some sort of justification for the gamepad? It's too fucking late for that.
Well, I'll be curious to see how Nintendo sells that to the audience, hopefully next month. Hopefully when they announce it.
But I think another audience they really have to sell the concept to is third-party developers, EA being one of them.
And what's interesting is that Eurogamer actually cornered Peter Moore from EA. Well, not cornered him, but you know, they were doing an interview.
And asked some pretty direct questions about, basically, the new Nintendo console.
In the interview, it was asked that Nintendo has a new console. EA was kind of quiet on Wii U. What is EA going to do with the NX?
And Peter Moore responded, I don't know. Obviously, a lot of details are still to be unveiled.
EA has developed for Nintendo for 30 years, and I was famously quoted as saying we're still good friends.
I've lived the console cycles up and downs. I launched the Dreamcast. Some publishers got behind that and some didn't.
But certainly, EA has never come out and said it won't develop for Nintendo.
And then the thing moved on. Eurogamer kind of cornered him on the whole, well, you mentioned that special relationship for Wii U, which never really materialized.
And then went on to ask about the whole, like, you know, Nintendo kind of does their own thing.
They don't necessarily want to compete with Xbox or PlayStation. Does it make Nintendo more difficult to support?
Peter Moore said, Nintendo has always based its success on its first-party games because it's a brilliant first-party developer.
If you ask that question to them, they'd say they have to launch with first-party software first. That's where the first dev kits go, which is a very interesting answer to that question.
Either he, I mean, it could really go either way. He could be either hiding something really big that EA is working on, which, you know, or they are not planning on it right now.
Which could, I mean, I guess it would largely depend on, did they get their Frostbite engine working on NX or not?
And if the NX is not as on a technical level as PlayStation 4 or Xbox One, perhaps they have not.
And so if Frostbite doesn't run on it, they're probably not going to be developing as many games for it.
But I would still think that, you know, their more casual arm, like, you know, the former PopCap that does the, you know, Pagle and the Plants vs. Zombies stuff.
You would think that there's room there to develop on NX.
But I don't think they're really developing for 3DS very much either. I think that's all gone mobile now. It's like, because they're making more money there.
And yeah, I mean, I could see them, you know, developing for the NX that they can capture more of that mobile, that 3DS audience.
But, I don't know. I mean, it's money. It's just, how much money are they talking about?
It's not the same as having a big title like Battlefield 1 or, you know, the next Battlefront or something like that.
Going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Doomplague in chat says Nintendo patents a lot of things and doesn't always use them. True.
So you always have to take these things with a grain of salt.
Vitality sensor.
That's very true. Well, they even came out and announced that one.
Doomplague continues, the more interesting patent is the supplemental processing device, which looks like it's essentially a more powerful upgrade that you leave at home.
Like a dock that gives the system better graphics.
And that could certainly be a thing that maybe, you know, if we're talking about this whole tablet that plugs into a device in your home to put it on the TV,
it would make a lot of sense that maybe that device has something in it that makes the games capable of running at an even better resolution on your TV.
You know, again, don't really know until Nintendo comes out and says, here's what Mario looks like on our new console that is named blank.
Named that is not NX because that is not the actual name of the console.
So hopefully a month from now, we're having a very different conversation. We'll see.
Anyway, let's move on to our next story. Dark Sakura.
Something that has very little to do with Nintendo. Pokemon Go.
I see what you did there.
Yes.
It does have to do with Nintendo, but not a lot.
But not really, because Nintendo doesn't technically own Pokemon.
Yeah, I gotcha.
Anyway, Niantic, who is the developer behind Pokemon Go, is putting down the ban hammer for sure.
We've kind of talked about this before, but it's official that after getting so many reports of in-game cheating,
that moving forward, this is actually a direct quote,
moving forward we will continue to terminate accounts that show clear signs of cheating.
They do have an appeal process in place for people to, you know, well, appeal the decision of them,
but for right now they are looking for people who are using bots to cheat, who are spoofing,
who are basically using various other methods to try to circumvent the system and give themselves an advantage.
So many third party little bots out there have already started pulling their software away.
Like Necrobot, that one's gone.
Just because Niantic is really putting it down so that this doesn't ruin the game for everybody else.
And I've been fairly happy with what's been going on.
I don't really care about losing the proximity thing.
I actually like how they're doing it now.
Well, how they're going to roll it out where you see what PokeStops have what Pokemon.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, state.
S2100matt in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, yeah, I think they banned that shitlord who was taking over gyms in New York City using eggs.
Good. Bye.
Well, that was a glitch in the game that they should have fixed in the first place.
But here's the thing.
Still exploiting the glitch in a way that affects other people. He deserved it.
Agreed.
But the system, of course, is not perfect.
In fact, there was actually a charity livestream of someone playing Pokemon Go that they're trying to get as much experience in one day.
Their goal was a million.
And they got soft banned because they were earning experience too fast.
Even though they weren't botting, they were livestreaming it.
And they even tweeted out to one of the guys at Niantic saying, hey, can you whitelist me?
Because I'm clearly not cheating, but your software thinks I am.
Interesting.
So, you know, we talked about this a little bit, again, plugging the other show.
But we talked a little bit about this on this week's PokeStop, which I know isn't posted yet, but it will be tonight.
But we talked a little bit about this, the whole fact that there's going to be errors in the system that are going to catch people that didn't really cheat.
And sometimes it's people that really, really don't want you to know that they cheated and it just kind of sucks.
But sometimes it's cases like this where it's like, hey, they've been taping the whole thing and it was just an unusual play circumstance where, you know, this person was playing for 24 hours straight.
But they did it for charity, but it probably set off alarms that they got too much experience.
Okay, so I wasn't paying attention to what was just going on, but I heard little bits of it.
Sorry, I was reading.
And there's actually an article on Kotaku exactly about this guy who's doing what you just said.
Yeah.
Did you talk about that?
Yeah, that's what he was talking about.
Okay, the, the, okay, never mind.
Yeah.
Thanks, thanks for your contributions.
I was reading about Danganronpa.
Sorry, it was more important than whatever you were talking about.
I wasn't talking about anything.
You were being rude to the others, but that's, that's all right.
I'd like to know more about Danganronpa.
What were you reading?
Yeah, Jamie will forgive you for-
Just, just impressions of the anime right now that's going on.
If I had known you were going to be here, I would have given you those episodes.
Oh, I just actually watched them.
I just made a new account on Funimation under a different name.
Okay.
So I got another 14 day trial.
They're so good.
All right, let's move on with something.
Shane, pay attention.
Loki.
All right.
So Facebook is launching a gaming platform, you know, and I'm kind of surprised that this
isn't already launched because I swear all those trivia things that people keep posting
on their walls about like, hey, do this math question.
Isn't that a game?
Am I already playing the game?
Is this already a thing?
Yes, the game is don't get blocked by your friends when you post-
Game is.
Figure out how do you turn off those fucking Instagram notifications.
Oh, guess what?
You can't because fuck you.
That's why.
Because you will fucking like Instagram whether you fucking like it or not.
I don't have this problem, Loki.
They fucking hate me is why.
I don't even have fucking Instagram.
I have no Instagram account.
Because I deleted it.
I thought creating one would allow me to shut off the notifications.
No, they just fucking get you Instagram.
That's all it does.
Anyways, so yes, they are going to be branching out.
One of the people that they're partnering with actually is Unity.
So they're going to be allowing seamless integration with Facebook home pages.
And I guess they're going to have an option I think pretty soon actually
where you'll be able to export using Unity to Facebook as a platform.
So that's cool.
I'll have to check that out.
It's interesting.
When you see the headline, you think, oh, God,
is Facebook going to release a console?
And it's really not that at all.
But it's interesting when you think about how they're saying that Pokemon Go,
you know, to keep picking on that game,
has been getting more eyes recently than Facebook has been getting.
So do you think that Facebook wants to build some of this gaming into their mobile platform?
They're sad and neglected, poor baby.
They don't control everything and they don't want that.
They probably just want money.
I mean, because they want people to have their games revolving around Facebook
so that when I'm playing like a Tap My Kata Mario or something
and if I purchase an in-game thing, they get a portion of that money and not Google.
I think it's also easy to tie this to Oculus
because Facebook has the Oculus thing.
But I kind of feel like, I don't know,
at least the original direction of what they wanted to use Oculus for
was not strictly gaming, and that's why Facebook being involved was interesting
because it makes you think that there could be more lifestyle type of uses for Oculus.
And heck, you already see on Facebook these 360 degree immersive experiences
and you can do it on your desktop by clicking and holding around.
You can imagine what that's probably going to look like in VR.
So I kind of always thought like, oh, okay, Facebook was actually bringing
a very specifically non-gaming element to Oculus to kind of enrichen that device
to make it more than just a gaming thing.
But now it's interesting to hear like, oh, but Facebook wants to kind of up its game
on its gaming because Facebook games used to be the whole conversation
when it was stuff like Farmville.
Now that's gone away.
Well, it's not gone away, but it's scaled way back in favor of mobile.
So I almost feel like Facebook wants to build in gaming again,
but they probably want to do it in a way that includes mobile
so that way you can play games on your Facebook,
but you're still kind of tuned into it on mobile, if that makes sense.
I don't know if what I'm saying makes sense at all,
but I feel like that's what they kind of want to do.
So let's see, going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Kaijuto in chat says the Facebook console is going to make you post your mood
every time you turn it on.
Tell us a little bit about the game you're playing.
Tell your friends about it.
Tag friends that you're playing the game with right now.
All right, moving on.
Let's talk about the PlayStation 4 slim.
We know something's coming with a slimmer PlayStation 4,
and we might know a whole lot more.
Apparently some images have leaked of this PlayStation 4.
There's an online classified listing that is selling this unreleased
slim line PlayStation 4.
Apparently it does not look like it is the souped up PlayStation 4K
or whatever you want to call it,
but it is a slimmer PlayStation 4 probably in line with what
Microsoft just did with Xbox One and the whole S system.
So, you know, again though, take this stuff with a grain of salt,
because we've all been fooled with photoshops before,
so it could be an elaborate thing, but I don't know.
You look at the console, you kind of go, okay, it makes sense.
There's nothing on this that makes you go, that's crazy.
I don't think it's a hoax at all.
I mean, it's got the box that looks real enough.
The system looks exactly like I would expect a slim line version to look like.
They even removed something from it.
So, that makes sense too.
And apparently people are asking this person on Twitter to actually,
like, take different pictures of it and so forth,
and they're actually complying.
So, it seems like they just posted a picture of the new PlayStation 4,
the slimmer one, on top of an older one.
So, you know, the fact that they can kind of respond to those custom picture
requests certainly lessens the chance that it's some type of Photoshop.
And again, there's nothing here that makes me go, oh, this is crazy different.
This is kind of what I would expect.
So, yeah, there it is.
It doesn't look like there's a lot of new features with it.
I imagine it probably just runs a little differently.
I do like this, though.
The power button and the eject button, they're on the side kind of,
and one of them is a lot bigger than the other one,
and so I won't always mistake one to the other.
Yeah, I can never remember which one's which.
I'm like, uh, this one?
No, this just popped out.
Okay, this one?
That could very well be the new slim PlayStation 4's greatest improvement.
Kaijito in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I thought the new PlayStation 4 was a bathroom scale.
I like it.
Yeah, that's a good, it kind of looks like a bathroom scale.
Doesn't it keep its angular, like?
Yeah, it keeps the look a little bit.
Which is cool.
It looks like a sandwich.
You're going to need a bathroom scale after, you know, the George Foreman one.
Alright, Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
Well, some Microsoft stuff.
It's kind of sticky.
Anyway, it has been gathered from a discussion with a few Microsoft people,
namely Phil Spencer, was that they're looking that this might be
the last console generation.
That everything's going to be going back to PCs or different units like VR,
which I think is kind of bullshit.
And then they basically were like, no, no, no, that's not it, that's not it.
But there's a lot of just really interesting things going on there.
They're really looking to make sure that the ongoing support for this Project Scorpio thing
is going to be able to incorporate anything that worked on the older systems should work with this.
Just not vice versa, of course.
You know, you can't go backwards.
And then they also did go in and say that they're not having console exclusives for it.
That they're all going to be compatible for Xbox One S or Project Scorpio.
So I don't know.
Honestly, I haven't cared about the Xbox system since the 360.
They're just really working on trying to close that gap between the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One for right now.
But Sony is already kind of crushing them, like doubling their sales.
Yeah, I mean, Microsoft definitely wants a little more of those sales.
But, you know, they're really trying with the exclusives.
They are working on that Xbox Play anywhere where they're working on having all the games work on PCs.
But that, of course, requires that you run Windows 10.
And Windows 10 is kind of janky still.
See, I'm not the only one that doesn't...
Windows 10 is fine for me.
I'm in the hate camp. I don't like it.
I don't really care for it.
I hate it less than Windows 8.
Oh, I love 8. 8 was so fun.
The only thing I dislike about 10 is just the forced updates that they do.
It's like, I don't want to update right now.
Well, I'm sorry, you're going to be updated.
I don't like it.
After having dug through the OS on it, I would rather stick with a more stable operating system, thank you.
I actually kind of like the whole...
Especially the way the Xbox One integrates with the whole Xbox app and everything.
I actually really dig that.
I'm not going to lie.
I enjoy Windows 10, personally.
Keep in mind, I was running 7 before.
But I guess some people prefer that.
I loathed 8.
All iterations of 8 I think were shit.
Everybody did except Shane.
Yeah, I thought 8 was fun. I actually thought it was a nice change of pace.
And I have found, just with all the things that I do, that honestly, even dealing with Mac OS is a lot more stable than Windows 10.
In my experience.
Alright, well let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
And some things that will be coming at you probably around the same time as the new Windows update.
Loki, starting in the US.
Yeah, quite a bit actually this week.
We've got Tempest coming out on PC and Mac.
Alone With You on PlayStation 4 and Vita.
Deus Ex Mankind Divided on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Hue on PC, PlayStation 4, Vita and Xbox One.
Inside on PlayStation 4.
Madden NFL 17 on PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One.
Metrico Plus on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
King of Fighters XIV.
That's going to be coming out on PlayStation 4.
Worms WMD on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Metro Soccer on PC.
Obduction on PC, Mac and Oculus Rift.
Master of Orion, Conquer the Stars on PC, Mac and Linux.
Mugen Sol Z on PC.
N++ on PC.
Pan Pan on PC.
Steins Gate Zero on PC.
Armello on Xbox One.
Attack on Titan coming out on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Vita and Xbox One.
Champions of Anteria, that's on PC.
Hatsune Miku Project Diva X on PlayStation 4 and Vita.
God Eater Resurrection on PC and God Eater 2 Rage Burst on PC, PlayStation 4 and Vita.
Alright, wow. This does seem like a pretty busy week this week.
I think just a lot of smaller stuff being released, but yeah.
Yeah, I don't think there's a huge title.
I didn't realize Attack on Titan was coming out so soon, but in Deus Ex that's pretty interesting too.
Well, let's travel to Japan. Let's get in a plane right now.
We're going to the Olympics four years early. How's that sound, everybody?
And we'll check out the releases over there this week coming out on the 25th of August on the PlayStation 4.
Hey, I'm excited for this. I almost want to import this.
Hatsune Miku Project Diva X HD is out this week on the PlayStation 4.
But that was coming out this week, though.
Oh, it's because it's coming out here as well, right?
Project Diva X, I just said.
Is there really a reason for it to be in HD?
Because it's on PlayStation 3, so it's HD-er.
Yeah, it's more high def-er. So there you go.
King of Fighters XIV, also out in Japan this week, as well as a fighting stick that will work for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3.
No Man's Sky gets its Japanese release this week, so yes, you guys are getting into Japan as well.
I'm curious, will they be on the same network as us, or a separate one with their own named planets and stuff?
No, they'll be on the same network.
If you notice, there's some planets that have Russian names and stuff.
Oh, interesting.
I think they'll be on the same one.
I figured that could have been somebody who speaks a couple languages.
Or to be honest, it could have not been Russian. It could have just been someone going,
I'm pushing random letters!
You thought it was Russian.
Alright, and then from Capcom we have this week on PlayStation 4, Sengoku Basara Sanada Yukimura Den comes out this week.
I am not sure if this is based on an anime or what, but those are the types of characters we're looking at in this game.
Sengoku Basara, it's not Dynasty Warriors, it's like Dynasty Warriors, it's called...
God, I can't remember what the hell it's called over here.
It's Capcom's Dynasty Warriors type thing.
Yeah, I think it is called.
Yeah, I think it's Dynasty Warriors, Capcom's one is.
The romance of the Three Kingdoms was Taito, wasn't it?
It wasn't called Dynasty Warriors, it was...
I think it is called Sengoku Basara here, actually.
Maybe I'm thinking of another series. There's one that Capcom has as well.
Yeah.
No, but Sengoku Basara, that is Dynasty Warriors.
And Bob Coffee in chat kind of collaborates that, saying it is Capcom's take on the Musou genre.
And then Act F confirms that is what they call it here as well.
You can see how much attention I've been paying to all those types of games.
Although I did download one that was, I think it was like a PlayStation Plus game or something.
Messed around with that for a little bit.
Let's see, going to the PlayStation 3.
That same Sengoku Basara game is out on the PlayStation 3 as well.
And that is really it in Japan this week on the PlayStation 3.
Quickly looking at the Vita and the 3DS, though, for the handheld world.
On the Vita, Pyuramai Wars V, as well as Moju Tachi To Ohime-sama,
comes out in a regular and limited edition this week.
So you have that to look forward to.
And lastly on the 3DS this week, Metroid Prime Federation Force gets its Japanese release.
And Armed Blue Gunvolt Striker pack, which I think is like a two-in-one type of game set, is out.
Because that is a game, but it looks like it's got like two sides to it.
That is out in Japan as well this week.
I was thinking of Devil Kings is what I think they call it over here.
There was one on the Wii as well.
And I can't remember what that one was.
Samurai Heroes looks like.
Sengoku Basara Samurai Heroes, that was number three.
That's a samurai, yeah, I thought it was Samurai Heroes.
Okay, that's what it is.
And AkumaGP actually confirms, he's in Japan, so he knows a little bit about Japanese.
Basara means slash.
And that's what you do in those games, a lot of slash.
And mash, what's the name for, or what's the Japanese word for mash?
That's what you do is you button mash in those games over and over again.
Bayonetta.
Alright, Dark Sakura, how about Europe?
On the 23rd we have Tempest for Mac and PC.
Deus Ex Mankind Divided for PS4, PC, and X-Bone.
And then on the 25th we have Assault Squad 2 Men of War Origins.
Why's it gotta be men?
There's also, well, if no one gives a shit, there's a Madden game, whatever.
Madden NFL 17, whoopty shit.
N++ for PC, the other 99 for PC.
On the 26th we have Attack on Titan, yay!
And King of Fighters XIV.
So is N++ just really N plus one?
No, it's like C++.
That's a programming joke there.
I know, right?
I see what you did there.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys than the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
Alright, so Project Scorpio, there's been a lot of confusion with their messaging, I guess I would say, with that.
So, you know, out of E3, you know, they were saying,
oh hey, Project Scorpio is not gonna have any exclusive games, it's just gonna play the games that are already out there,
slightly better, and in 4K and stuff.
Well now they've kind of backpedaled out of that saying, well, it's not gonna have console exclusive games, Project Scorpio,
but we consider the VR experience almost like a separate console, so yeah, it'll have those.
So basically, yes, it will be getting, you know, VR games that are exclusive to it,
but they're not really considering that the same as Xbox One games.
Which, to be honest, that is fucking confusing, but whatever.
I guess if you only launch your VR platform for Project Scorpio, that makes it pretty, you know, that makes sense, I guess.
I'm worried about all this VR, it's just so spread out.
Yeah, I'm with you, I mean, cause like, you have these companies just saying one thing,
and they're like, oh well, it's a technicality, we just didn't consider that the same platform, ha ha ha.
You know, it's, I don't know. I don't want to be doing this close to the launch of that VR platform.
I do want to get it just at the very least so that I can play games on the second screen without having to pull my wife away from Grey's Anatomy on the TV.
I actually forgot I had my Playstation TV, so I'm actually thinking about hooking that up now to my USB,
You're still trying to convince Dan to buy one?
Or my USB HD screen I have, so we'll see if I can do that.
I don't have one, I kind of want one.
Rob, lend me one of your Vita's.
Yeah, I guess, if you really want one.
Cause I'm gonna start Ultra Despair Girls.
Alright, sure, why not?
I own a game for a system I don't have.
You kind of have to after this week's Future Arc for Danganronpa.
Yeah, I saw what happened. I need to finish, I need to play through Ultra Despair Girls.
Alright, let's talk a little bit about Overwatch, which is, I don't know, a game that would probably make me very sick in VR.
But it's something you play on PC or Playstation or Xbox One right now.
And the Public Test Realm got an update.
There's some balancing patches and so forth going on, they're prepping for Season 2.
But another awesome thing that they're doing in this Overwatch patch is they are trolling trolls.
So sometimes at the end of the match, people will type GG EZ at the end of the match.
Which means Good Game, Easy.
Which is a very like kind of, it's kind of a like crappy thing to say to your opponent because you're basically saying you suck.
Good game cause you were easy to steamroll type of thing, right?
So it's a very condescending thing to say at the end of the match.
Well now what Blizzard did is whenever you type GG EZ, it gets auto filtered when you press enter.
To say things like, come on mom, one more game before you tuck me in, oops miss tell.
Or, I'm trying to be a nicer person, it's hard but I'm trying guys.
Or, I'm wrestling with some insecurity issues in my life, but thank you all for playing with me.
That's fucking awesome.
So Blizzard is trolling trolls, I would be surprised if this actually makes the final release.
I think it should, I think that's fantastic.
I love it, it's great.
I wish they would add that to more games.
They do some things though, cause Blizzard even has these.
Your battle net count has been banned, please consult your registered email for details.
I think that one might be a bit much, they need to get rid of the ones that look like fake ban messages.
But I love the ones that, mommy says people my age shouldn't suck their thumbs.
I think some of these other ones will definitely, aw shucks you guys are the best.
That one's funny, it's gonna be great.
Interesting other change in Overwatch too, because you know they have limited time cosmetic gear.
They have a summer games event, don't say Olympics, but it's Olympics.
They have a summer games event going on right now where you can get limited time cosmetic things.
And some people are buying loot boxes because they want to get that cosmetic gear.
Well, the old verbiage for buying loot said, loot boxes have a chance to contain credits you can use to acquire any specific cosmetics you want.
And a lot of people commented with Blizzard, well with the summer games stuff being limited time,
we're not really gonna be able to get anything we want if we don't get the summer games stuff we want during this event.
So Blizzard actually changed it this week to say, loot boxes have a chance to contain credits that you can use to acquire many customization options.
As opposed to anything you want. So these cosmetics are going away after the summer games.
So you better buy them right now, because that's what they want, ching ching.
Going going gone, get them now. I could give a shit about loot boxes.
I mean they're okay and exciting to get when you level up, but I'm not dropping money on them. Sorry about it.
I don't think I ever bought the Mass Effect multiplayer stuff either. I'm trying to think if I ever did. I don't think I ever did.
Speaking of which, let's go on a little side tangent here real fast.
Oh fuck, what?
No, it's not bad. I just wanted to...
So the Wii U version of Minecraft apparently had the DLC stuff from like the Xbox version Minecraft and stuff.
And that includes all like the Skyrim level, the Mass Effect level, and all that stuff.
And I was unaware of that. I thought you had to pay for that DLC and stuff.
So my son's playing and he's like, yeah I picked one of these skins and there was like this weird hand thing.
And like I was trying to get up to the spaceship and stuff.
And I'm like, you're talking about, that was the Mass Effect level that you played.
And he's like, oh yeah.
I see, I see.
He had lots of questions about Mass Effect because he's like, what is that?
Well I hope you educated him properly or Uncle Rob's gonna have to come over to set him straight.
Well I didn't know, like I couldn't answer some of his questions.
Like, what's the creeper in that? I'm like, I don't know.
I don't know what the creeper is in the Mass Effect skin one.
Something that's still a creeper?
I don't know what a turian is.
Isn't that like a level in Metroid? No, that's Torian.
Isn't that like a, it's a 16-bit side scroller shooter game? No, that's Turrican, I'm sorry.
Isn't it that lady monster in Undertale? No, that's Toriel.
What's a turian? We'll ask Aunt Jamie to come over because she's in love with one.
Alright.
Maybe she can read some fanfic before bed. Alright, I'm teasing.
Alright, let's get to the classic game of the week.
Let's go back into a time when Minecraft didn't even exist, believe it or not.
A much simpler time where Dark Soccer's gonna step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, listen here.
Put down your freakin' Minecraft. That game is garbage. Play this instead.
Dark Soccer, what should the kids be playing this week? Ten years or older.
Zaxxon. Zaxxon.
Came out in 1982. This is like almost 35 years. It's older than me. Yeah, right?
Developed and released by Sega.
I like how you, right when you said that, the little laser sound effects when the arcade came on.
I think they tried remaking this, but let's find out.
It was Zaxxon's Mother Base 2000 sequel. Anyway, it's an isometric shooter game, like I said, by Sega.
There are sources out there that say that the electrics company, Ikegami Tsushinki, I'm gonna mispronounce this.
Tsushinki worked on the development of it too. It is a game that lets you basically fly a craft through a fortress while shooting things down.
Just a fun little shooter, but it was really innovative for its time.
It was the first game to use axonometric projection, which basically was what led to the name the axon to Zaxxon.
Basically, it really is just isometric projection. It simulated a three-dimensional third-person viewpoint and had an altimeter so you could see how high or low that you were.
It had all kinds of different things going on for it, and on top of that, it was the first arcade game to be advertised on TV.
Paramount Pictures produced the commercial.
It also has a high score set by somebody in Hawaii, according to Twin Galaxies, and it had its own bootleg named Jackson in 1982.
As far as other versions of it that have come out, we have an MS-DOS version, Amiga 1000, Apple II, Atari 8-bit, Atari 2600, 5200, which I have,
MSX, ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64, Dragon 32, ColecoVision, which I have that too, Intellivision, I think I have that one too, Sega SG-1000, and a TRS-80 colored computer.
That was actually the first home console I played Zaxxon on.
Today I learned that there is a boss at the end of the levels at Zaxxon, because apparently I never passed the first level, right?
I was like, hey, there's a boss there.
The Atari 2600 and Intellivision versions were different because they used a third person behind the ship perspective instead of the isometric version.
And the ColecoVision version was the first home version that used the isometric graphics.
Also, Coleco in 1983 did a tabletop version of Zaxxon with a double panel VFD screen, and Bondi released two Zaxxon handhelds,
and a VFD tabletop for the European and Japanese market, and an LCD card game that was sold worldwide.
It's also 2006, Zaxxon was a bonus on the Sega Genesis collection for PS2 and PSP.
The original Zaxxon is included on PS2, and Super Zaxxon is on the PSP.
Zaxxon is also an unlockable arcade game in Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection for Xbox 360 and Playstation 3.
And it was released on Wii Virtual Console in Japan, Europe, and North America.
There are clones, of course.
For the TI-99 4A, it came out as Arcturus.
On the Amstrad CPC, it was Zax.
BBC Micro is Fortress.
And the TRS-80 Color Computer is Zaxxon.
There's also Hostile All Terrain Encounter, also known as HATE, which was a clone made by Vortex Software for 8-bit and 16-bit computers and published by Gremlin Graphics.
Zaxxon was really, it was one of those games that actually was really good for Colecovision,
because it kind of put it on the map as having the, as close to arcade perfect version of Zaxxon as you could get at home.
And then, it was just really a game changer, literally a game changer, because it was the first of its kind.
And so, as far as other ones, its arcade sequel was Super Zaxxon, where it had a different color theme and a faster ship, making it more difficult.
And the robot at the end of the second fortress was replaced by a dragon. It didn't do so good.
Milton Bradley made a Zaxxon board game. 1987 led to Zaxxon 3D for the Sega Master System that used 3D glasses.
Have you guys ever played that one?
No, I have not.
It's headache-inducing.
Yeah.
And it was forward scrolling rather than being isometric.
And then, Zaxxon's Mother Base 2000 for the Sega 32X in 1995.
And it was the first Zaxxon game that had polygon graphics.
And, however, it was only Zaxxon in the U.S. The Japanese version was called Para Squad, and the European version was called Mother Base.
And people in the U.S. were like, it's not Zaxxon enough. Why do you call it Zaxxon?
Also, Zaxxon was shown at the Art of Video Games exhibition at the Smithsonian Institute.
There's also a direct sequel, Zaxxon Escape, that came out October 4, 2012 on Apple and Android devices, but it's not very Zaxxon-y.
Also, a home version of Zaxxon was featured in the music video for Blue Monday by New Order.
Oh, I didn't realize that.
Yep.
It's awesome.
And it's been in Friday the 13th, the final chapter, where one of the characters is playing Zaxxon.
Is that character Jason? Because that would be awesome.
No.
But he was like, oh, wait, I'm going to kill you, except I have to stop and play some Zaxxon right now.
Then I would murder the machine, because this game was hard as hell.
I have played the original arcade machine. Of course, I played the Commodore 64 version.
But I am like Alan Alchemy in chat at live.bognetwork.com.
I hated it because my depth perception did not like the game. I didn't hate it, but I was just terrible at it, and I had the same problem.
You have to keep firing. You have to keep firing, because it's the only way to find the holes in the wall and the right level to be at for all that stuff.
And there's an NPR podcast called Pop Culture Happy Hour that has what's called the Zaxxon rule, where people are forbidden to bring up topics that are unrelatable to the audience.
We break that all the fucking time.
Oops.
For other similar games, there's Future Spy by Sega in 1984. It uses the same hardware as Zaxxon.
But it's a military theme and viewpoint by Sammy for the Neo Geo that has the same perspective and similar gameplay to Zaxxon.
So, that's your game.
Pew, pew, pew, pew, pew.
Pew, pew, pew, pew.
Yeah, that's all you can really hear in this little video, because you have to keep shooting.
That's the only way to find exactly where the holes in the wall are and all this stuff.
Anyway, as noisy as that game is, that is definitely a classic if I've ever heard one. I love Zaxxon.
I can't believe some podcast made a rule banning it. How dare they? How very dare they?
It was that you can't bring up anything that the audience won't get.
I see.
Like our digression into everything.
Oh, well, we can do that. You know why? Because it's our show and not yours.
But you know what? Just because they don't get it at first doesn't mean they won't get it later on.
That's right.
How else are they supposed to get anything?
We try our best to explain the end jokes. That's why I explained what pop music was for the 15th time this week.
So, you know, we'll do our best. Anyway, Zaxxon, check it out on a classic system.
Because, as Jamie mentioned, it was on literally everything in the 80s. So check it out.
All right. We're going to take a break, though. We got plenty more show to come, including rapid fire news, some e-mails this week.
The FUs of the Week and our Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio when we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with episode 655 for August the 21st of 2016 and our show already in progress.
Talking a little bit about a little adventure we took, or I took, to Pokémon Worlds on Saturday.
No, sadly, didn't get to go watch the event because it was still closed off to the public.
But did get to go shopping, at least a little bit, and then got subjected to listening to a lot of the commentary while Shane was playing it on our car ride.
Shane did leave, though. He was here in studio joining us for the first half of the show.
But he decided there was something better to do, so he left, as sometimes happens.
Anyhow, we're going to get back into some gaming news with some rapid fire news right now. Loki.
All right. Let's do this. So talk about Call of Duty. Yes, Call of Duty.
They've been doing a lot of different iterations on zombies. This time it's going to be a little bit different.
It's kind of in the 80s, you know, because everybody likes throwing back to the 80s.
So now you take place in zombies in Spaceland, which is almost like a Disneyland type place.
And then, of course, they've got, you know, a celebrity cast of people playing the actual characters.
So we've got Seth Green, Ike Barenholtz, and J. Farrow, and Sasheer Zamata.
But on top of that, there's also two other people that are having major roles in it.
Paul Reubens is going to be playing, like, this washed up film director that has made a deal with the devil.
So he's kind of the villain in there. And you're going to have a DJ played by none other than David Hasselhoff.
Sounds pretty awesome. This just sounds, I guess they just want to indulge it so bad it's good type of thing.
They've done a lot of, like, really big celebrity things. Like, I remember one year they had, oh God, who do they have?
They've had a lot of big celebrities in this before.
Kevin Spacey.
No, not talking about, like, in the main game. I'm talking about the actual zombie stuff.
So they've had, like, a lot of big celebrities in there as well in the different zombie iterations.
But it looks fun. Definitely neat. I mean, a lot of people like the zombie stuff.
So we're checking out, especially Paul Reubens. So, I'm down.
Now this is kind of cool. So Microsoft, you remember one of the things that they were doing is this Xbox game preview.
And now that was more online of, like, an early access type program. Something similar to, you know, what they do on Steam and other places.
So now they're going to be bringing that Xbox game preview to Windows 10.
So those titles that are going to be on Windows 10 will, you know, could be possibly part of that program.
So one of the games that's going to be on there is Rockfish Games' Everspace.
It's going to be the first title as part of that Xbox games preview program.
It basically lets you buy, you know, of course the titles that are in progress and not finished yet.
Which is all of them, if you really think about it.
Very cool. Let's talk about Mega Man 9 and Mega Man 10.
Because, you know, they don't exist on PlayStation 4.
Yeah, I bought those on Xbox 360 and I have never played them.
And they're not backwards compatible, so you won't be able to play them on Xbox 360.
That's alright, I have an Xbox 360.
And PlayStation 4 doesn't play PlayStation 3 games, so there, you know, isn't a way to play them on current consoles.
So, yeah, they're not really around.
So, apparently though, speaking to the creator, or excuse me, the co-developers, obviously, you know, Capcom is huge behind this.
But the co-developer of both those games, 9 and 10, Inti Creates, a website called Rockman Corner, which obviously is dedicated to Mega Man stuff,
actually asked about, hey, would Mega Man 9 or 10 actually come out on current platforms?
And Inti Creates said they are open to the idea, but Capcom ultimately does have the say and has to let that happen.
So, you know, they're saying make some noise, basically, let Capcom know it's something you're interested in.
And hopefully, Mega Man 9 and 10 can get a release for this generation, or at least the backwards compatibility thing you would think would be something they could get on.
I don't know.
Anyway, speaking of like the Steam Early Access stuff, or in this case, actual Steam Early Access, I think this is interesting because the company that's doing this is Game Freak.
You know, they make a little game called Pokemon that some people are really into.
Yeah, they have a Steam Early Access game that they've just released.
It's called Giga Wrecker.
It's going to launch in January of next year.
That's when the full version launches, but the Early Access is up now.
You can buy the current version that's about an hour and a half for $15.
Don't expect a Pokemon-style game, especially if you look at the trailer for this.
It looks more like a Metroidvania type.
I know that word is overused in gaming, but that's really what it looks like, where I guess you actually reconstruct debris and scraps into weapons and things that you use.
So it's almost like her weapon is like this Katamari ball that gets bigger and bigger, but she fires it out of her hand.
It's not like an actual Katamari she rolls around.
Although, no, I kind of want that game.
Oh well.
So this game does look interesting, but it's very different.
If I told you the people who made Pokemon made this game, you'd be like, what?
So it's just interesting that it's on the Steam Early Access.
What about an Attack on Titan type game where you're just ordinary citizens fighting off the prince and rolling his giant countryside Katamari?
It's kind of like a reversal type of thing.
Yeah, exactly. It's like, you know, no, you're not going to roll per planet into the star.
That's like the video game where the goal is to kidnap the princess.
Is there a video game out there that you actually play as the bad guy trying to kidnap the princess?
Oh, I like that.
Does that not exist?
Is there a game out there that, well, Bobby Blackwell says Braid. That's the twist.
Spoiler.
You know what I want?
Is there any game where the princess breaks herself out?
Well, I just-
And says, fuck you. I don't need a man to save me.
But I just kind of like spinning the trope around and having you be the bad guy, you know, in your total stereotypical game, you know, from the 80s type of thing.
You just need to be the princess who busts out by herself and kicks the shit out of the bad guy.
Fat Princess was the plot for the whole, but Bond's 006's Fat Princess got boring.
So, I'm just thinking like a straight up Mario game where you're Bowser.
Does that not exist?
I guess that seems like such a stupid simple concept.
Really? Nobody's thought of that?
I get that it was a plot twist in Braid. I'm talking just like a straight up platformer type of game.
That's weird.
Alright.
Raginator says, there's a Where's Waldo book where Waldo finds himself.
Bob Coffee in chat says, that princess game with the princess kicking ass needs to be made by Platinum Games.
Well, there was Super Princess Peach, but that was not really the same way.
That's not quite what I'm looking for.
Where she had a power of her emotions too.
Yeah, that's not really what I'm looking for.
Alright, moving on. Some other rapid fire stories. Dark Sakura.
Pokemon Snap is on Wii U Virtual Console coming out in the UK as announced by Nintendo of UK.
And it is seriously one of the best games in the entire Pokemon franchise.
It would only be worth it if they actually, you know, did motion controls with that game tablet.
Hey, you want an excuse for that tablet? There's a perfect one right there.
But how much you want to bet they're not going to do jack dilly squat with that thing?
They're just going to basically port it over and you have to use the analog stick still.
And in other news, another Metroid 2 remake actually has an update even though Nintendo gave them a C&D.
They have it out there that fixes issues with the gravity suit not being rendered, translation issues, and transportation pipe to the final area.
You can actually edit the English.ini file to help with the translation efforts.
Dan's save file deleted itself when he was at the end of the game.
Oh no.
So he just watched it finished up on YouTube.
He's like, I'm not going to do that again. He was showing me the like all because they put in some of the tricks like, you know, in Metroid Fusion how you had a trick to basically dash all the way through the shine spark through the whole level until you get to this one hidden room.
Well, a room you're not supposed to access yet, but you actually get a little hint about what's being done to you in the game.
So it's kind of interesting.
By the way, I see some folks in chat, you know, kind of going, oh, snap, I love Pokemon snap.
I wish it was coming out for Wii U and so forth.
I think I might be wrong, but I feel like I think it's on Wii Virtual Console, which you can access.
Remember, your Wii U is a Wii and you can get into the Wii and do the Wii shopping.
Because I'm almost positive I do have Pokemon Snap on my Wii U, but it's through the backwards compatibility thing where you have to actually go into Wii mode and get the game from there.
I'm going to disagree with Act Deft that Pokemon Go, but he says Pokemon Go is the new Pokemon Snap.
No, because the fun with Pokemon Snap is that you work to unlock events in the game and take those special pictures that were triggered by doing all the little tricks in the game right.
Like getting Lapras to show up or, you know, having different, you know, Pokemon peek out of different things.
I would say Pokemon Go feels more inspired by Snap than the mainline series, but yeah, they're absolutely different games.
I'm surprised they haven't made another Pokemon Snap game.
That would be just stupid easy.
It's just like, oh, look, I found a Pikachu. Let me change it to AR mode and he's on my cereal.
It seems like the obvious cell phone game to make, but then again, not that I need to tell the Pokemon company how to make mobile phone games because they're doing OK.
Or the ultimate VR game to make.
You know, why not?
Not VR. No.
If they wanted to go that route, but I would like to see maybe the rez approach where it's both.
Right. I mean, it doesn't have to be, but like, or at least, you know, you can use your phone just to kind of move it around and stuff like you're taking a picture.
If it was going to be like on the Wii U or something, I'd want it to be the U.
And this is where I would want like a motion control in the tablet that you can move it around.
And that was your window into it, but not like a VR headset. That's awful.
I'm with it being an option, but I also understand that we don't necessarily need to shoehorn everything into VR.
VR can come up with its own experiences.
All right. Let's see. Moving on. Let's talk about Mass Effect Andromeda, shall we?
Sadly, I don't have a lot of new information because there wasn't anything at Gamescom, but they said it wasn't going to be there.
So that's not news that it's not there. What's that?
We forgot to talk about something.
Oh, what's that? I'm sorry to hear something.
They're going to talk about a very important event.
I totally did skip something. Yes. We need to talk about this in the news.
I mean, the story of the century of how a company that was so on top and faltered so poorly is coming back to regain your trust by bringing back one of the most beloved franchises of all time.
This is way more important than some silly Mass Effect game.
Yes, this is seriously. But guess what? Metal Gear is back. That's right. Metal Gear is back. Don't worry that Kojima is not there. It's fine. Trust us. It'll be good.
Metal Gear Survive. Now, you're thinking, how the hell are they going to make another Metal Gear game? That's just weird.
I get it. It's because Konami is surviving all this mean people on the internet that are just saying these things that just have no basis.
But Konami and their series, they are surviving through all of that. Am I right, Loki?
They're right. So, what exactly is Metal Gear Survive? Well, it follows... Well, not Snake. Because Snake isn't in here, unfortunately. Or Big Boss. I'm sorry.
He's done. He's done.
No, no, no. That's not important. We can start another character. It'll be fine.
Fuck him.
It's fine. You know what? He's done. He's done. Whatever. He's yesterday's news.
Hater's too expensive. Kiefer Sutherland's too expensive. Forget them.
It's basically following the...
Loki, the players don't want Snake anymore.
They don't. They don't.
The players have told us they are sick of Solid Snake.
So, did you hear about them going to be doing Mass Effect HD re-releases later? That's better news.
So anyways, this game takes place at the end of Ground Zeroes, where apparently, you know, it's not... there's some just soldiers.
Not really saying who. Just soldiers. You know, left at Mother Base that were attacked at the end of Ground Zeroes.
And they get sucked through a wormhole to an alternate dimension. Wow, that sounds really different.
Oh, with zombies. And they're unicorn zombies. They're zombiecorns, if you will, because they have stupid crystals sticking out of their fucking heads. Zombiecorns.
But I love unicorns, and I love zombies. This is the perfect way to experience home.
So yes, it's basically a four-player co-op stealth action game with zombies in it that has none of the mainline Metal Gear Solid people.
But why is it a Metal Gear game, you may ask? Well, I'm glad you asked that question. Because there is a Metal Gear in there.
And that's literally the only fucking thing that ties this to Metal Gear in any fucking way.
Well, that, and if they put the Metal Gear name on it... Well, that is true. That is true.
And as you can imagine, people are so fucking excited.
To be fair, okay, to be fair, if they named the game Zombiecorns...
I would play Zombiecorns. Right? Like, why not just call it Zombiecorns?
And everybody would sit here and go, Konami got so fucking high, you guys. This is great. This is the future.
If Konami's just going to embrace themselves as the shit show they're becoming, let's just fucking roll around in it like a pig in poop.
This is great. Zombiecorns for the win.
If you're just looking to piss off the fans, which obviously that seems to be the angle that you're going with in this,
how about I just recommend a new title change for it? We'll just call it Metal Gear Silent Hills.
Survive. With Zombiecorns or something like that. I don't know. Just piss off everybody at the same time.
Because people obviously hate this. There's a 6.5 to 1 dislike ratio on the trailer that was posted.
Of course there, a representative from Konami is basically saying, hey, this is going to be not a full price game.
Just letting you know.
Why did Jamie say this in chat and not on a microphone?
Because look, he was talking.
The truck have started to move-icorns.
It was actually a response to IkumaJP. Just put a cardboard box on it. Equals MGS.
Beautiful.
I don't know what to say. I just know when I saw the trailer, I was like, God, that looks fucking terrible.
Okay, here's the trailer. If you know nothing about the game, it's shooting zombies through a chain link fence simulator.
Because there was no actual threat of zombies attacking them. They were on the other side of the fence going rrrr trying to get through it.
And they were shooting them through a fence. That was the whole fucking trailer.
That's it. It looked fucking terrible.
Maybe Konami should apply for a name change. They should just become HFM Games for hot fucking mess games.
Just embrace. Embrace the bad, Konami. Just embrace it.
They're just... I guess they're trying to make money. Good for them, I guess.
But, I mean, shit man. This is just like fucking... This is a rock revolution all over again.
It's like they don't know what makes their own fucking franchises good. And they're just gonna release it.
Let's start a petition.
People like zombies.
Called, Dear Konami, Could You Please Not?
Just go to change.org with the petition. The undersigned would like to tell Konami the following, Could You Please Not?
So, does this game have like...
I literally can't even. I need you to not.
So does it have like Raiden in it? No. Does it have Solid Snake? No.
It has his windy cousin, Fujin.
Revolver Ocelot? No. It has Soldier. Soldier 2.
Wasn't Soldier in Final Fantasy 8?
Well, surely... No, that was, um, 7 had Soldier.
Surely... 8 with seed.
We are just the cynical, rude gamers out there on the internet, and the internet as a whole has embraced this.
And Konami has come out to kiss their adoring fans, correct?
No. No? What do you mean? What do you mean the internet hasn't embraced Zombicorns?
No, they hate it. Absolutely hate it. No one likes it. It looks stupid.
Has Konami said anything about it?
They just said, hey, yeah, it's not going to be a full-price game.
But there is going to be this co-op play and stealth and a variety of weapons and devices.
And... yeah.
Alright, well, you know...
Making the petition right now.
Are you making a change.org petition?
Because you know that's the most effective place to do things, is change.org.
So, I like the quote here. Let's just quote him.
So, as you can see from the trailer, Survive is set after the events of Ground Zeroes.
The Mother Base that has been built up during Peace Walker's storyline gets sabotaged from within and destroyed.
And it all collapses into the sea. And Boston Miller manages to escape.
But at least...
And they go off and have a few adventures, which obviously we all know of in The Phantom Pains.
Unfortunately, not all Mother Base staff gets off alive, and some of them are stranded.
And it's about what happens to them, basically.
Well, I even don't want to really talk about this anymore in light of Zombicorns.
But I should finish my thoughts that I was starting on Mass Effect a little bit ago, which did not show up at Gamescom.
And of course, this is because EA is focusing on the holiday slate.
And I believe they've even said, more information on Andromeda on N7 Day.
I think that's the next day we're going to get some information, which is, of course, November 7th.
So, there'll be more on Mass Effect at that time.
But also, what I thought was interesting is that in that same interview, which the interview was with EA Studios boss, Patrick Soderlund,
actually said that maybe they're changing their mind on a Mass Effect trilogy remaster.
He has said that the market has demonstrated demand for remasters in the interim.
Although, that doesn't mean we're necessarily getting one, and I don't even think we would necessarily get that this year.
It's no longer off the table.
Although, how fast would they have to put that together in order to beat Andromeda out or get it out for the holiday?
I mean, I suppose they could announce maybe like a download only thing.
They could announce it on N7 Day, but I wouldn't expect it to be very fully featured or fully remastered if that's the case.
But we'll see. We'll see.
Regardless, no news on Andromeda at Gamescom, but that's going to come a little later in the year.
All right, Dark Soccer.
Wait.
What?
Do I have one? Oh, yeah, I do. But I have something else to add.
What's that?
That at Gamescom, they did say it was likely for a remaster of the Silent Hill.
I'm trying to write this stupid petition.
Yeah.
Of the Mass Effect games.
Yeah, I'd mention that.
Okay, I was trying to make the thing.
I know you're busy working on change.org. It's fine.
I know.
So the final update came out for Fez. Final update.
And it's pretty crazy, actually. It's for Mac and PC.
And some of the areas have been described as Virtual Boy Red and Black.
There is new aspects of the soundtrack.
And it is pretty, pretty big.
It has switched to FNA slash SDL2 from Monogame.
It has basically switched music decoders.
Music is in RAM instead of streamed.
All kinds of stuff.
Different game controller mapping.
Native support for any refresh rate.
Full aspect pixel perfect or super sampling from nearest multiple of 720p.
So full scale options.
And no more letterboxing or pillarboxing.
All kinds of different stuff.
There's speedrun mode by typing in dash dash gada dash gomez dash fast.
I like that.
All kinds of stuff added to it.
Clouds fading.
Just different kinds of things thrown in there.
And a lot of bug fixes.
Well, that's a cool little update for a game that's several years old at this point.
And I'm looking in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com and Bobby Blackwolf is kind of clarifying.
Because he says, note that Phil Fish had nothing to do with this update.
And that did surprise me when I heard that this game got an update.
I was like, I kind of thought Phil Fish was kind of like done.
But he goes on to say, this was the programmer who now works for a AAA developer.
Some of this was porting the Linux version to the Mac and the PC.
And yeah, so that's what surprised me about this game getting an update.
Is I thought Phil Fish was kind of like done with games.
Because he got caught up in a lot of that ugliness that happened last year.
And so I kind of think he went on a siesta.
Or maybe, you know, if he is working on a game, he's probably not telling anybody about it.
Which, you know, I would completely understand.
So we'll see.
But as far as Fez goes, that's still cool that at least this game was able to get another update.
And it sounds like there's just a lot more in the bug fixes from what Jamie's mentioning there.
Some little graphical updates and things like that. So that's cool.
And Bobby Blackwolf says, it was a couple years ago, it was 2013.
Oh good lord, was it? I guess it was. Oh boy, oh boy.
Alright. Yeah, we're not getting any younger.
Loki, what do you got for us?
Alright, so there's yet another Skylanders game coming out this year.
The new gimmick of this game is going to be that you get to create your own Skylanders.
And while that sounds pretty cool, there's some caveats with that.
So first off, when you start the game, you pick one of ten different classes that you want to play as.
And when you do that, you basically have this item that's a crystal that it gets locked into.
And so those crystals can only have one element each.
So you have to buy more of them if you want to play as the other classes in the game.
And each of those crystals costs $10.
And then on top of that, if you want to get the full use out of it, you have to buy one of the senseis for the actual class.
Which costs $15 as well for each one of those.
And then that unlocks another level cap and also it adds a unique talent for each character.
So they want to have you purchase all these different things.
On top of that, I guess they're basically saying that if you accidentally duplicate a class,
say you wanted to choose a different one and you picked the wrong one, nope, you're stuck with that class again.
So you have to yet purchase another crystal.
So basically they're charging you up the ass for all this shit that really they shouldn't be.
But it's kind of Activision, you know, you think about it.
I kind of thought the ship had sailed with Skylanders.
Right.
I guess I know it's still a thing.
We only have Crash this year, so that's something for somebody that remembers Crash.
Honestly, it's Activision being Activision.
After a while, these franchises, they get greedy and they just decide,
here's how we're going to get the most money out of this.
And it's what tanks it.
Have with the Guitar Hero and it'll happen again with Skylanders.
Although ironically, the new Guitar Hero game was actually kind of good.
Oh, you're talking about the old Guitar Hero game.
No, I'm not talking about the new launch of Guitar Hero.
I'm talking about Guitar Hero, Band Hero, Guitar Hero.
Guitar Hero 80s, Guitar Hero best hits, Guitar Hero Van Halen, Guitar Hero this, Aerosmith.
That's what I'm talking about is that they get greedy and then they, I don't know,
they expect people to buy all this shit.
A quick follow-up before our next story here from our chat over at live.fognetwork.com.
MXC in chat talking about Phil Fish because I said, you know,
I kind of think he's just on a siesta.
MXC says Fish is working on a game called Super Hypercube, which is,
you can check that out, superhypercube.com.
So I was not aware.
So thank you for letting me know.
It better be based on the movie.
Right, the actual cube trilogy.
It's not.
It is not.
It was a joke.
I know it was a joke.
It would be cool though.
It would be cool.
Somebody should make a movie based on this.
This hypercube was awesome.
All right.
Anyhow, let's talk about a little piece of history,
something that was floating around Twitter this week and got picked up by various gaming blogs.
But this guy, Frank Caffaldi, who is the head of restoration at Digital Eclipse,
who made like the Mega Man collection that was out on PlayStation recently.
You know what's funny?
We were both on a podcast together the same week, but not at the same time.
So I actually didn't talk to him myself, but he was on the show like right after I was.
It was kind of funny because I recognize this guy, his name and what he does and all that.
So obviously this guy has a great interest in collecting video game history and nostalgia and things like that.
Well, he actually put out some tweets that he got some circuit boards for the Famicom
and these actual cartridges that aren't even in a shell.
They're just like the chip boards.
They're prototypes essentially.
I'm kind of simplifying what these things really are because they could be things that were dumped to these.
They may not be the original.
There's no way to tell if the physical artifacts themselves are authentic.
But certainly the code is there to be looked at and poured around in.
And in the tweets, this is the interesting part and what I'm getting to here is Frank Caffaldi actually tweets a few things here saying,
I just acquired and preserved an incredible piece of video game history.
And moves on to say there are boards for the Famicom and I don't know if the boards are authentic, but the EPROMs are definitely old.
They were kind of fishy looking, but I picked them up anyway.
They are Hyper Olympic, Stargate, Soccer and Joust.
And there's some screenshots here from Joust.
I dumped the ROMs.
All but Soccer are definitely earlier than Retail Code.
Here's some clear differences in Joust.
Going on to say Joust has an interesting history.
It was programmed by Satoru Iwata in 1983 as part of a Nintendo and Atari deal that never happened.
Nintendo did not release it in 83 or 84 as planned, but HAL eventually did in 1987.
They self-published the game years later.
But this would mean that Joust is the first thing that Satoru Iwata, the eventual president of Nintendo, ever coded for a Nintendo system.
Which I also find kind of interesting because then one of the games he's most well known for is Balloon Fight.
Which has a lot of similarities to Joust, but then introduces that endless mode.
Which is a little bit different.
Kind of expands on that Joust concept there.
So I just think that's kind of cool that Iwata was working on Joust.
Then made a game that some may even consider better than Joust, Balloon Fighter.
At least kind of mixed up the formula a little bit while still being very similar.
But that's very cool that especially, I don't know where he finds these things.
If it was some type of liquidation or I don't know if it would be a flea market or something.
Or an auction type of site or wherever he found this.
But that's just very cool that that's a little piece of video gaming history that's preserved.
Because that would be the first game that he actually coded that would be out there.
So it's very cool.
Even if it didn't actually release at that time, it ended up releasing way later.
Especially considering with his passing last year, more people are very interested in his legacy and so forth.
So this being a very important part of that.
So very cool little story. Love that.
And Dark Tetsuya in chat over at live.vognetwork.com points out,
You never know, I know these protos sometimes wind up on eBay or Yahoo Japan auctions.
So yeah, the tweets didn't say, well at least the ones that got pulled that are all over the internet.
Don't say where it came from, but it's still pretty cool that it's out there nonetheless.
Alright, let's get to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com is the place to send us emails.
The petition's up by the way.
Oh is it? Did you put it in chat?
I'm about to, I just have to post it on Facebook.
Okay, I gotta see this. Where's the post?
Alright, we will get to the emails here momentarily.
Because I'm just dying to see what she wrote in the petition.
Okay, it should be up now. I'm gonna tweet it.
Okay.
On my own twatter.
Wait, I'll just copy the link.
Alright, while you're getting that up, I will just remind the listeners you can always email us.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com and Dark Soccer will dive into the mailbag head first
and find some mails that she thinks are worth reading here on the show.
And in the meantime, here's the change.org petition.
Fans of Silent Hill, Metal Gear, and other Konami franchises are tired of them ruining said franchises.
Where's our Silent Hills? Why did they chase off Kojima?
Why all the Pochi slot machines?
Dear Konami, can you please not, sincerely, everyone?
I think I said it right.
I can't believe you put the show's name on there. Alright.
I hope you don't mind. It's good publicity.
Ah, whatever. I don't care. Whatever.
Okay.
Alright, let's get to the e-house.
It had my last name on it and it wouldn't let me remove it, so.
Oh, yeah, that's kind of gross.
So.
Alright.
Still loving the show. Here's a few thoughts I had while listening. Sorry I can't include the time codes.
A typical 20 ounce bottle of Mountain Dew has 290 calories.
So 250 or so isn't unusual for Crystal Pepsi.
I have yet to see it in the Midwest. Is diet available? Probably not.
And I haven't seen a diet yet.
I doubt there's a Diet Crystal Pepsi and if there was it would probably be the worst thing in the world.
I think sugar is kind of what makes that drink.
I noticed the switcher slash best friends play YouTube channel uses the DOA beach volleyball music for their creepy anime bullshit series.
Because of course they do.
It's the current trailer video that auto plays on their channel homepage.
Along the same line, I get the feeling Mike, in referring to male bounce, might be thinking of the infamous Xbox arcade title Mount Your Friends.
Also Saints Row?
Oh, that wasn't Saints Row, wasn't it? Isn't there some male bounce in Saints Row a little bit? Just a little bit over the top.
Yeah, they have where you can increase the size of your package and it's your sexiness thing.
We want the wiggle jiggle.
Am I particularly mistaken or is Major Minor of Majestic March fame already considered to be one of Parappa's shitty friends?
At least as a spiritual successor.
A lot of people don't know that game. I never thought of that, so maybe.
Not as well received as the PS1 games, but still. It comes from Robert M.
Good call.
Okay, moving on to the next.
The next email.
Hello, LR. Martin the Belgian here.
Hello, Martin the Belgian.
I just called to say I love you and a pat on the ass and a job well done. Wink!
Thank you!
Because last week I said I love getting those emails that just say a pat on the ass and a job well done. Thank you very much. I appreciate that.
Also you guys mentioned Dragon Con on last week's show since I live in Atlanta.
I'm contemplating attending for at least a day. Last year I just went downtown and checked out the parade.
I'm not really into events with big crowds, long lines and such, but I was wondering do you have any tips for a first time attendee?
I know you guys are true con veterans, so maybe you could give me some tips, dos and don'ts.
I will tell you one thing. There are sometimes quiet rooms for people who have anxiety slash autism slash things like that.
You can also find little restaurants where they'll go and let you have coffee, like inside of a convention center or a hotel attached to it.
Bathrooms are great for hiding in. I say this from experience. I would always find the most out of the way bathroom at E3 and then hide there when the people were too much for me.
And also just hanging out in certain booths can actually be really isolating if you need it to happen.
Sometimes I just take the elevator up to a higher floor. Even the elevator game can be a giant pain in the ass at Dragon Con.
But usually the higher you go, especially the floor that has all the LARPing events at Dragon Con, because it's up on the third floor, I think it's usually quieter up there.
Because only the LARPing people really seem to go up there if you need a quiet place to get away.
But the reality is Dragon Con is so many people. I'm not going to lie to you. There's going to be a lot of people around.
You'll see a lot of neat costumes. But just keep in mind there's a lot of people there dealing with the same issues you are.
And I think as long as you show everybody respect, you're going to get that back virtually all the time.
You know, obviously there's always going to be a jerk out there. But Dragon Con is a really cool crowd.
I can't think of all the issues I've run into at conventions. I don't think I've run into any at Dragon Con really.
So, yeah. And come say hi at the Parsec Awards on Saturday. That will be definitely a place where we're all assembled.
And I guess we're actually going to be presenting an award again this year for the fourth year in a row.
So that would be a good place to see us. And that's not a super crowded event either.
So it's not, you know, you have to be into podcasting. It's not going to be the most showy event in the world.
So I don't want to set the expectations too high. But I can say it is a nice little like it's not like trying to go to the Patrick Stewart panel or something that's just going to be wall to wall people.
I would say set a rough agenda of the things you want to do the most. But don't be disappointed if you don't get to them all.
Because you're going to have that whole, ooh, shiny type of thing where you're going to get distracted.
You're going to go look at something else. And you just have to remember that that's okay.
And that some panels, you know, especially the bigger the celebrity in the panel, the harder it's going to be to get in there and the more crowded it's going to be.
So just, you know, plan on getting there early if you want it, if you really want to get into a panel with a big celebrity in it.
But if that's not really what you're there for, which I don't really go to the celebrity panels.
Because all the big ones are on that Dragon Con TV anyway, which they're streaming this year.
I was going to say in those panels, though, with the celebrities and stuff, they allow you to stay in the room through multiple panels.
Because I remember that was one of the strategies I used back when I used to go to anime conventions to watch certain movies and get a good seat.
I would go to a movie prior to that that wasn't as popular and get a good seat and then just stay.
I believe Dragon Con does sweep rooms between panels, but it depends.
Like, for example, the podcast track, they don't really do that because they don't need to.
You know, at least none of the panels that I ever attended are that popular.
Plus, usually if it is going to be a more popular panel, they move it to another room.
So you have to move and then they'll line up for that.
But I think some of the more popular tracks, they do do room sweeps, especially in larger rooms.
There's more.
Oh, sure.
If I am attending only one day, which day would you recommend? Saturday or Sunday?
Which is typically the best or most fun day?
I will tell you most cons. Saturday is going to be the biggest, craziest day.
But the Labor Day angle makes Sunday still a big day.
Isn't it the last day?
No, Monday is the last day.
Monday is the last day.
Monday is a really quiet day too.
Monday is definitely the hangover day.
In my experience, most of the things I want to do end up on Saturday.
But Saturday will also be the most crowded day.
So it's kind of a, you kind of have to pick between the two.
Martin's in chat right now.
Oh, awesome. Hello.
We'll come say, I would say go Saturday.
And sign the petition.
Go Saturday and come say hi at the parsecs.
Or hopefully, I'm still waiting to hear, we may actually have another panel.
We don't know, nobody knows the programming yet.
So I'm hoping our friends from Critical Myth might have something.
I know Brian from British Invaders I think is there again this year.
He's likely on Brit track somewhere.
I'm just not sure where yet.
So there will be VOG presence somewhere.
I remember Anime Expo, I think it was 2000, it was at the Disneyland Hotel.
When we had a DDR third mix.
And everyone who either didn't have a room, or didn't want to go back to their room,
camped out in the arcade room in a ballroom.
We had people sleeping on the floor.
This is going to be a huge new dynamic for Dragon Con.
This is the first year that Dragon Con is going to have a full-fledged arcade.
They have a classic arcade and a Japanese arcade, the same people I believe that do Magfest.
Although I don't think it will be as much, but it will still be some.
That's going to be new for Dragon Con.
Usually it's just the old battle tech machines that got converted, that whole thing.
Which is a cool thing to see, but that was really it.
Heck yeah!
Yeah, I mean that was really it.
That's what Dan misses about Dave and Busters.
And I'm sure they are still there too, don't get me wrong.
No, the ones at Dave and Busters are gone.
No, no, no, I mean these guys that do the newer one.
So yeah, because all the gaming has moved this year.
Because in years past, Dark Soccer, if you don't want to go to bed,
you go down to the gaming room where there is no windows.
So you don't know what time of day it is, ever.
And you just play the wolf game until god knows when.
And that's what would happen.
And I'm sure that will still be a thing this year as well.
That was like me playing Vampire at Mobicon.
Assuming they didn't finally just ban the wolf game straight up.
Because they were starting to last year.
Or at least some of the places you could do it.
Alright, so what's the wolf game?
Is that like the white wolf?
The werewolf game.
The werewolf game, okay.
Like Mafia, that type of thing.
Like you're a wolf.
I accuse you of being the wolf and that whole thing.
And then you've got the seer.
You still play that on DDR Freak in the chat.
Yes, yes.
On the forums.
It's a big forum game to play too.
So it's fun, but you know.
How can we only have two signatures?
I'm sorry, four.
Sign it.
Because that's how many listeners we have, don't you know?
Sign it.
How could you not please do so?
Konami, please do not.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat does point out they don't let people sleep in the gaming rooms.
People try, but they always wake them up and make them leave.
Yeah, you do have to have a hotel.
You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here to sleep.
So.
Alright.
Let's move on.
You said one more.
There's more.
Oh, I'm sorry, there's more.
I wasn't even done with the email.
I'm sorry.
Way to assume, Rob.
Hey, I was answering questions.
Thanks and keep up the great show.
Cheers, Martin.
There's more.
P.S.
Okay.
Dr. Sakurai mentioned on a past show using a Microsoft thumb trackball, which they don't
make anymore.
Logitech actually makes a new wireless thumb trackball called the M570, which is really
good.
I have heard of that one.
I just can't use a wireless one at work.
I use it every day, myself every day.
It saves my hands and wrists.
I highly recommend it for any fans of thumb trackballs.
There's also one more email.
Rob.
Okay, yes, I know.
I know there was another email.
Rob.
All right.
The day after my previous message, I did, in fact, find Crystal Pepsi in my local convenience
store.
It's okay, but after a fair cola taste, it seems somewhat artificial.
Not really for me, I'm afraid, and it comes from Robert M.
Well, Final Fantasy Victory fanfare that you actually found this stuff, and not everybody
likes it.
It does not taste like pee pee.
It was one of those drinks that definitely tasted better when I was a kid, but I like
it, but it's just so sugary.
You know when it tasted good?
I can't drink it all the time.
After marching in Mardi Gras parades and they brought out a case of that shit, I was like,
I don't care what it tastes like.
Plus, it's better in a can.
It's better in those light blue cans that it used to come in than a bottle.
Yes, you're dead.
You're dead because we killed you.
Hi, participate at orangeloungeradoo.com is the place to send an email and your observations
on Crystal Pepsi and going to conventions.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
It's time to get angsty because we do.
FU to my brain damaged dad.
I'm done.
That was short.
Loki.
FU to my headache right now.
I still have that.
And then FU to Asus for really terrible thermal design for their laptops because my laptop
right now, I'm not doing anything on it, is idling at 90 degrees Celsius, which is not
supposed to be happening.
Oh, and hey, that would be cool if I could go into my BIOS and say up the fan speed to
kind of help out with that.
But nope, that fucking option's not there because for I don't know what reason they
just blocked that shit.
Sorry, you can't control the fan.
We're the fan control, so whatever.
We are your fan.
So that sucks.
And I took it apart like, okay, it's got to be cat hair because it was cat hair last time.
Nope, that thing is clean.
It is clean as whistles.
So I don't know.
And finally, fuck you to a local mom and pop drive-in place called the Sunflower Drive-In.
It is a vegan, vegetarian burger place that...
Oh, God, I've seen that place.
Yeah, it's over in Old Fair Oaks, right?
Old Fair Oaks, yes.
It's over there.
My wife wanted me to go get her a nut burger, which I have no problem doing going down there.
Hey, honey, I brought you D's nuts.
And to be honest, it smells pretty good cooking.
I'm not going to eat it, but it smells pretty good cooking.
That's not the problem.
The problem is how fucking slow they are.
Okay, now my wife complains about going to Red Robin because I think they're fantastic
and how long it takes to get food from them, and it takes about like 20 minutes.
I waited.
I literally, from the time I ordered to the time I got the burger,
I waited over 45 fucking minutes for a fucking burger.
Loki slow-roasting those nuts takes time.
Like, do you harvest those off the tree?
Were they growing while I was waiting?
I mean, like, what?
There should be no reason if you're cooking a burger made out of meat, made out of nuts, whatever.
It should not take 45 fucking minutes to make a hamburger.
I can fucking figure out...
Maybe they're part of the slow food movement.
Maybe they lost your nuts.
It's just like everybody's just standing around while they're just like, I don't know.
And then the guy, like, it's bad enough.
It just attracts the vegan hippie crowd.
I don't like them.
I just don't.
I'm sorry.
It's just, you know, maybe I'm sort of, I don't know if that's racist or whatever,
but they're not a race, so I'm not really sure what that's considered.
Lifist, I guess.
Get off my lawn.
Whatever.
You're a hipsterist.
Hipsterist, yes.
Fine.
I'll take that.
I'll take that.
But like, it's just, even then, they were like getting pissed off.
They're like, so like, how long is my burger gonna take?
I ordered this like 30 minutes ago.
It might be another five, ten minutes.
I mean, the guy just...
I was just so fucking pissed off.
Because it was also, because they're a drive-in, they don't really have a lobby.
It's outdoors.
At lunchtime.
In the 95 fucking degree weather.
I'm not happy.
Alright.
My a few of the week is pretty simple.
I was reminded about it in chat because I went to 7-Eleven down the street the other day
to get the birthday cake Slurpee.
And I was really excited to see that they still had it.
And I filled up my Slurpee cup and I left and I came home and I started drinking the Slurpee.
Some fucking asshole switched out mango for the birthday cake.
And I couldn't tell because it was kind of dark, I guess, so the color wasn't quite right.
So I ended up with one of those sour mango flavored Slurpees.
Which, mango's okay.
But it's not birthday cake.
And it's like, you know, when you've prepared your taste buds for one thing and then you get another.
It's just not, you know...
Loki, imagine if you prepare your taste buds for the nut burger.
And then you ended up with, I don't know...
A hamburger? Oh, that sounds fantastic, actually.
And of course everybody in chat is like, that sounds even better.
Well, it's not what I wanted. I wanted the birthday cake Slurpee.
If I wanted a mango Slurpee, I would have fucking ordered it.
Alright. Serious business.
A couple more stories for you guys and then we'll get to the Skype line.
At Orange Lounge Radio. Loki.
Alright.
And so let's talk a little bit about Final Fantasy XV.
Yes, unfortunately, even though we heard the rumors that it was going to be delayed.
It's been delayed. It's been delayed to November.
And yeah, it's just, they need more time to polish the game.
So that's good, I guess.
Was there something about trying to avoid a day one patch too?
Yeah, basically people don't like day one patches.
So, you know, they're gonna, you know, they're trying to avoid that.
So they're just polishing it and doing quality testing and stuff like that.
On a different note, though, I'm not sure if you're aware.
But Kingsglaive, the animated movie, they actually have the first 12 minutes of it online on YouTube.
If you haven't gotten a chance to watch that. So I didn't watch that and I thought that was pretty badass.
You know, the screenings happened at different theaters a couple days ago.
And some people I know went, but they didn't have any here.
Because, you know, we're only one of the 20 biggest, you know, metro markets in the nation.
But we don't get any of that stuff because we're not San Francisco or LA.
So, you know, whatever.
But yeah, we, I didn't get to see that in the theater.
But I want to see it at some point.
Yeah, they're saying that the digital releases of Kingsglaive is not going to be affected by this.
But they've decided to hold the physical release of it until November 29th, which is the game's release date.
So, oh well. That's fine. I'm willing to wait.
If it means it's going to be a better game. We've waited this long.
Mm-hmm. Agree.
All right, let's see. One more story for you guys.
And this is about a retro console. It's called the Retro-Bit Generations.
And it is something that's going to be coming out, I guess, over the holiday.
It's got over 100 8-bit and 16-bit games from companies like Data East, Capcom, and more.
Some of the titles were actually posted over on our forums.
Dark Tetsuya actually posted the list.
And I got to be honest, there was a lot of stuff on there I kind of didn't recognize.
It was a lot of obscure stuff, which I get is part of the cool factor for people that, you know,
it's not like you get a game like Kickle Cubicle on other plug-and-play NES-type devices.
So this is really for people that are really into the kind of niche stuff.
And there is a lot of games included with that, so that's pretty cool.
Also of interest here is that this is something that's being shipped through the ShopReadRetro.com store,
which is the whole retro magazine, which a couple months ago we got into some of the issues
that were going on with the whole Coleco thing, Chameleon and all that.
So it's just interesting that this is something that they're involved with now,
since that whole doing their own console didn't work out, let's just say.
They're shipping somebody else's.
But hey, there's going to be some collectors that are into that and some of those old titles.
So very cool.
And then there's also like some Japanese games that never came out here and stuff.
So I mean, it is over 100 games.
It's a pretty solid list.
So, you know, check that out.
I think it was only what, like 60 bucks, I think, for that.
So pretty cool.
Anyway, that is going to do it.
Let's get to the Skype line.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
If you want to give us a call and talk about whatever we might have missed or what have you.
Loki, do you have any last-minute stories while we wait for some calls?
Yeah, I got this thing in my email and I liked it.
I was following this for a while and I just like forgot about it.
But apparently it's still a thing.
So it's this console that they've been trying to start up for this company called NGeniX.
It's called the OtonX, which was supposed to be a console that would have procedurally generated games.
So basically you would give it like an idea for you to pick a genre or something and it would spit out a game,
which sounds really terrible, but that was a thing that they're running with.
But their Kickstarter campaign apparently is starting on Monday.
And they've already secured 95% of the system software development funding,
but now they're trying to raise $25,000 to add or improve current features with minor software enhancements.
I don't know, the whole thing seems very...
So like randomly generated games?
It's supposed to be like, yeah, it's supposed to be an autonomy.
They say it'll be the first autonomous game console ever, meaning it will self-produce games without a developer or human input.
So No Man's Sky the game console?
Sort of, yeah. No Man's Console.
No Man's Console. All right, we got a call coming in. Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on OrangeLawn's Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Def.
Yeah, Def. How you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, pretty good.
What's on your mind?
Well, I want to talk about Metal Gear Survive.
Yeah.
And it's something, well, I'm going to plug my podcast a little.
Please?
We recorded our fifth episode today.
And we were talking about that game specifically and what it meant for Konami and the gaming community in general.
And one point that I think Loki talked about is that who is left in Konami that we know about?
Like, who are the important people right now in Konami that we can recognize?
Because we don't have Kojima, we don't have Igarashi, we don't have even Naoki Maeda.
So, who's left?
People that worked with them. That's the honest-to-god answer.
Soldier. Soldier is left. Soldier number one and number two.
And yeah, that's the problem with Konami right now.
They only have the names, but they don't have any recognition beyond that.
And it's sad. It's kind of sad that Konami has pretty much gone to that.
That, oh, we have Metal Gear, we have Pro Evolution Soccer, we have the money.
Even though, well, they pretty much didn't promote it for quite years here.
Yeah, they let it go for a long time.
And granted, to be fair with all the crap that we give them, I feel like I'm more interested in the music stuff coming out of Konami than I have been for a very long time.
So, I'll give them that.
Yeah, and that's surprising, too, that they're promoting now what is the Bemani series, even in the United States.
If they just want to stick with that, that's totally fine.
Like, they can just stick with the music game series and maybe get some more stuff here in America.
I mean, this whole round one partnership's been pretty awesome, but home releases again of 2DX would be fucking fantastic.
Although, I'm not going to hold my breath, because obviously the controllers are holding that back, but whatever.
Home release of any Bemani game, it would be awesome.
Yeah, it would be.
Really.
Hey, this whole Pokemon Worlds thing, were you watching it at all?
I actually missed it, because I was watching the Olympics.
Oh, you're not going to go back and watch the archive or anything like that?
I probably watched the Pokken tournament stuff, because I'm really interested in that.
Maybe the video game Alpha Fire stuff, I'll watch the finals, too.
But yeah, I'm probably going to watch Pokken, because that's my game, so.
Yeah, I gotcha.
I didn't see any of the competition stuff, but it looks like some good stuff.
I got the SensacDeft on Twitter, there was a little jealousy of the Pokkicenter trip that we took.
Oh, yeah.
Why is that?
The Pokemon World stuff, every year is really, really hard to get.
I have some from 2014, but that's pretty much it.
Last year, well, in 2014, the stuff from there is really hard to get and really expensive, too.
The plushies, the Pikachu plushies, can go for really, really expensive top dollar.
God, the guys that buy and sell those things are fucking assholes, huh?
Kind of, but some do it because, well, there's the Pokemon Collectors Community in LiveJournal,
and they do trades and group buys and all that stuff, so there's that.
But yeah, there's other people that do it for profit, so yeah.
What did you think of that limited edition one they had this year?
This cute little Pikachu that has a little trolley with it to represent San Francisco.
What did you think of that one?
It's really cute.
It doesn't top the 2014 one because 2014 is kind of like a wrestling Pikachu.
It has the belt and it has a cape.
It's really awesome.
But this one, it's probably my second favorite because it looks pretty cute and it's a good design.
Yeah, and I'm not going to lie, ActDeaf, I did pick one up and they are super cute as hell.
And I also have to say, I saw your tweets that you were a little bit jealous of the whole fact that we were there at the Poki Center
and got these little plushie dolls, and I thought, you know, ActDeaf's been a big supporter of OLR for a very long time
and always calls in the show and has great things to say.
So my point is, ActDeaf, I went back to the Poki Center and I bought another plushie for you.
So I'll get your address off air and I'll send that to you.
Oh my god, awesome. Thank you so much.
You're welcome. So you don't have to deal with those third-party reseller bullshit because those guys suck.
So I got one for you and just as a thank you for everything you've done over the years.
So we'll connect off air.
Oh my god, that's pretty awesome. Like, really, thank you.
You're welcome very much. I don't mind. I will let you know, at the time you sent the tweet, I was eating America's finest version of Mexican food, Chipotle.
That probably helped.
And yeah, I got up. It wasn't that we were only like a block away. The whole thing was across the street from the Metreon, believe it or not.
Hopefully, since next year's in Anaheim, if I can get my travel visa and all that, it's like a three-hour drive from here.
So maybe I can go next year, but we'll see.
There you go. And you might get to see Shane compete.
Yeah.
The way things are going. All right. Well, I'm going to let you go, buddy. I'm glad you called in so I can let you know that.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome. Bye-bye.
I just linked the petition to Kojima.
Oh my god. How many signatures are we up to? Six?
Eight.
I haven't signed it yet, so maybe we'll get double digits by the end of the night.
All right. We've got more calls coming in, so let's get to it. Oren Sanz Radio on Skype. Hi, Oren Sanz Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Ragingator.
Hey, Ragingator. How's this going? I like the bald look you've got going.
Oh, thanks. You know, I more or less had to grant it. Buffalo doesn't get quite as high as it does out in California, but still, it's been not too pleasant here.
I hate Hawaii, so that being said, you know, I've been sitting around doing nothing and still breaking out on the mop side with a full hill here, so this was kind of necessary.
I hear you. What's on your mind?
Well, it's kind of a well-known factoid that Orange Lounge Radio owns its existence to arcades, and the three of you have professed your love of arcades God knows how many times.
Now, that being said, assuming that money was no object and that the three of you had the space in your homes to do so, if each of you could go out right now and buy five arcade machines yourselves and put them in your homes, which ones would that be?
Ooh, five. You're generous. Gosh. Okay. So, I don't know if you guys heard Ragingator's question, but again, if money and space were not a concern, what five arcade games would you go and get right now?
Essentially, I'm summarizing it there. Dark Soccer, you already have arcade games in your house.
I just linked it to Del Toro.
I don't know if this is the best question for you, Dark Soccer, because you already have games in your house. I mean, it's just JIRUS is the only arcade game, so to speak, and the rest are pinball games, but let's say-
No, we have a Blastroids.
Oh, do you? Oh, that's right, you do. That's right. Okay, well, hell, if money was not a concern or space, what would be the five games you would get?
I'd have a 2DX, so I can just put whatever I want in it.
Yep.
I'd have my own DDR, so that I could have dedicated exercise.
Yep.
I would have a sit-down space Harrier.
Ooh, okay.
I would have a Fantasy Zone, and since the Guardian Legend didn't come out in arcades, probably...
Ooh, that's hard. I think I'd have a Neo Geo AVS 6, uh, 8-cart, 8-cart, uh, 6-player system.
Wait, I thought the AVS was, uh, the whole console-
Sorry, MVS.
Yep.
I have an AVS already.
Good picks. Uh, for me-
Because then that means I could have, like, eight games in one machine.
Um, I'm gonna blur the line a little bit, but I always talk about wanting this machine, and goddamn it, I'm gonna have one someday.
A baby Pac-Man machine. I mean, that's kind of hybrid, and I realize the game is not that great, but I still want it.
Um, a hybrid, uh, video game pinball table. That would be my number one.
Uh, I want a Dance Maniacs machine, because one of my friends has one, and I'm a jealous hoe, so I really want one of those in my house.
And that would be my exercise as well.
I would also have to get the Beat Mania 2DX machine, because if space is no concern, then great.
Apparently I have this door that leads to Narnia, where I'm gonna store all this stuff.
Uh, so I definitely want one of those.
I want a Burger Time machine, because I'm regretful.
I had the opportunity to get one, and I didn't do it, and it-
If I- If that place had still been there even a month later, I probably could have afforded it and brought it home, and it would have been my first arcade machine.
And, you know, that game's kind of like this long-running inside joke.
So yeah, I'm just- I'm really upset that I don't have one, so that would be it.
And then for the fifth machine, um...
Actually, I'm gonna go- I'm gonna go a little crazy, and I'm just gonna go for something from my childhood.
I would want a cocktail cabinet.
Or, you know, it's not a cabinet, but it's a cocktail machine.
It's the one that you can sit down, and it's like the table is the game.
Uh, most expos that celebrate classic gaming, you'll see one of these pulled out there, but you don't really see them out in the wild so much anymore.
I would love a cocktail machine. Probably Ms. Pac-Man, or if I could find it, it would be a pain in the ass, I could find it, Time Pilot.
I found- For a moment, I thought I had found you a baby Pac-Man. Actually, I did, but they want way too much money for it. They want, like, two grand.
And then you gotta ship it out here, too, unless it's in Northern California somewhere.
Uh... I'll find out.
Yeah.
So those are my five. Uh, Loki, what about you?
Um... I'd have to get a DDR machine, for sure. Just, I don't know which one. A newer one?
Um...
Let's see... Uh, I guess? It's gotta have, like, a racing game of some sort, so, you know...
I don't know, what's the most expensive racing game I could think of?
Probably one of those new Mario Kart games.
Eh, fuck Mario Kart. That's stupid.
Initial D8 stage. We saw that at round one this weekend.
Okay, fine. We'll go with Initial D. I am not an Initial D fan, but whatever.
Um... I think it'd be fun to, uh, have a Derby Owners Club, so we'll get the full set up.
Yes! I will be at your house.
If space is not a concern, fuck yeah, let's do it.
It's not a concern. So let's do Derby Owners Club, and then, um...
Oh, what's that space game that's really large, too, that has a theater and laser dicks?
Galaxian 3?
Galaxian 3, yes. That's- Thank you. I was trying to think of the name.
I think, uh, Galaxian 3. How many is that so far? That's three? Okay.
No, that's four. You have four.
Um... I would do also a...
How about one of those giant X-Men machines?
Eh...
Okay, with the three TVs. I'm just thinking big, because clearly...
It was two.
Was it two? I thought it was three.
It was two.
Yeah, I'm not really big on that. Um, how about, like, a...
Oh, gosh. Um...
I don't even know. Um...
How about a Ridiculous Ticket Redemption game?
A Ridiculous Ticket Redemption game?
Spider Stomp.
Oh, God, no. Spider Stomp.
Uh, let's do, like, a, um...
I don't know what this...
The most ridiculous skeeball machine we can think of.
Oh, okay. Like an ultra skeeball machine. I like it. I love it.
Uh, JD in chat says keyboard mania. I can't believe that didn't make my list.
I guess because it was so short run in arcades. They only had the three mixes.
But, shoot. I guess, you know, for my dance maniacs machine, you know...
I want that, because that's going to be good exercise, but I would love a keyboard mania machine.
But, you know, the home version of keyboard mania was really playful.
If you want to get the full exercise thing, you've got to have a DDR, and then you've got to have a prop cycle.
Oh, I want one of those prop cycle Addams Family pinball games.
That was, like, a single custom that someone made.
It was a prop cycle pinball game.
How do you even do that?
Somebody custom made it.
It worked.
It's ridiculous.
Oh, I know, I know with Arcadia, you could have what Scandia has, that gigantic shooting range.
Oh, that's stupid, but yes, totally going to get that.
But you could, like, custom make it so that the shooting range, you're shooting different things instead of Wild West.
You're shooting, I don't know, celebrities or something.
Medieval stuff, because that makes no sense.
Alright, anyway.
Alright, Raginator, there you go.
We indulged your question.
I hope you like the answers.
Alright, I'm flipping it on you.
What's going on in your arcade?
What five machines would you buy?
Alright, well, some of them were, you know, kind of, like, no doubt answers.
The 1989 TMNT game.
Oh, good one.
Smash TV.
Oh, great.
Then Final Fight.
Okay, good.
I'm going to steal one of Dark Soccer's answers.
The Neo Geo MVS.
Although, granted, I never, ever saw an eight-slot one.
If only once all you ever saw was a two-slot and a four-slot.
So, that being said, I'll take the four-slot.
You are one super Iron Man, Ivan Stewart, off-road machine from being every pizza joint in the 90s.
That needs a Last Action Hero pinball, too.
And I'll probably go with Killer Instinct.
Oh, okay, good pick.
I like that.
I like that. That's great.
Oh, by the way, s2100matt has an idea for how you can retrofit the shooting range, Loki.
Vegans and hipsters.
No, that's stupid.
We wouldn't want to be surrounded by vegans and hipsters.
That'd just be creepy.
Let's do Silent Hill, though.
That'd be less creepy.
I was just thinking about the little game room that I managed at the University of South Alabama.
We had in there a World Cup soccer pinball, which I own, a Killer Instinct.
We had a Dark Stalkers 3.
We had Street Fighter Alpha 2, Cyber Sled, and King of Fighters 94.
Nice.
Or do they count multi-cabinets as one cabinet?
Because I would have to get a Daytona set up with 16 cabinets long.
So ridiculous that I'll never use.
Just so I walk in the room, flip on the switches.
Daytona na na na na na na na.
Just invite Jamie over.
I have to show you something in my room.
And then you open the door.
Do do do do do do do do.
You're like, excuse me, and then come back with a sledgehammer.
Oops.
Does insurance cover this?
No, I should probably point out something that J.D. mentioned in chat.
He does mention, bring up a valid point.
He, let me screw up real quick.
He says, what about Cruis'n World?
And that's definitely a contender.
That would be like honorable mention for me, like a sixth option.
I know.
It's only five machines.
Because now I'm thinking like, oh, I'd want a Spy Hunter machine.
And now I want, now that I brought up Iron Man, Stewart, Off-Road, I actually kind of want one of those.
It's like, yeah.
Oh, my arcade's getting busy.
All right.
Rage Nader, I gotta let you go, though.
But that was a great question.
Thank you.
That was fun.
All right.
Have a nice night.
All right.
You too.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
That's fine.
It's fun to spend money that I don't have.
We'll try to fit in one more call if somebody else wants to get in.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
And yeah, they'll see if anybody else wants to call in.
Do you have any other last minute stories, Logie?
No, that was it.
That was it.
Any gaming accomplishments you guys are going to try to do in the next week?
Anything you guys are going to try to do?
I'm going to try to get a pet owl.
Yeah.
When are we playing WoW together?
Do you want to tomorrow night after work?
Possibly.
I don't know if I'm supposed to say this on air, but I'll give you a preview.
We are taping the new reading is fundamental is finally coming back.
We're taping our first episode tomorrow.
So I have that.
But I mean, that's only going to be like an hour.
We could do Tuesday.
It's episode zero.
It's where it's where we dish on what we hope will happen.
Oh, my God.
I already know what I want to happen.
What's that?
Katya, all the things I want.
I want Alyssa to rip off Coco's wig at one point.
And I want Katya to win.
We're going to have to invite Dark Sakura on reading is fundamental, which you can follow
that on Twitter at RF podcast.
But I know not everybody who listens to the show is into Drag Race, which is unfortunate.
So I guess no other calls are coming in.
So I'm going to go ahead and shut off the Skype line.
But if you think of something after the fact, you can always email us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com or you can always tweet us as well.
Tweet us as well at OLR.
But in the meantime, I think it's time to shut the show down for the night.
I want to thank all you guys for listening to the show.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, please consider leaving a five
star review wherever you found this show.
Like iTunes is awesome or a Google Play podcast store or wherever it is that you happen to
find this show.
I really, really appreciate all those kind words.
Thanks to Shane for being here for half the show, even though he left and for a fun weekend
convincing me to go to the Pokemon Center and all that stuff and round one.
And thanks again to you guys for listening.
If you have some feedback or if you want to help spread the word about the show, it goes a long way.
We don't we don't really ask for your money here.
So all we ask is help us spread the word.
Help us get out there and get into some more ears out there and bring some more diverse voices in
our show by spreading the word.
You can tell a friend or two or again, a nice review goes a long way.
Let's get to final thoughts.
Dark Sakura next week, going to be the last week for a little while.
I'm going to be sad, but same time we're going to we're going to keep it trucking to make you proud.
OK.
You're like, I don't care. All right.
Just kidding.
All right. Your final thought tonight, Dark Sakura.
Fucking people, I swear.
My final thought for tonight is I really need to clean the living room and get my amiibo collection up to date,
because I still have amiibo in the package.
I got to get up and I haven't I but I've been I haven't bought any new amiibo in a while.
I was new amiibo.
I need to get the Marie and the Splatoon girls.
I need to get them.
The target by my house is plenty of the Splatoon packs.
Yeah.
And they're honestly they're not amiibo aren't exactly hard to find like they were now.
So I'll get them at some point.
I have I picked up another set for the ones I wanted.
And I got the Kirby ones for the game that I don't even have.
Well, why not?
They're things. They're shiny things.
I wanted Waddle Dee.
Because I want them all.
And last but not least, Loki, your final thought tonight.
I don't know. I'm tired.
Go.
All right.
We're tired.
So that's going to do it here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We will see you in seven more days.
And then we're going to take a break because Labor Day and all that stuff.
So be here next week where we are going to have a lot of fun with whatever happens to gaming over the next week.
See you then.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
