Nintendo Kills Swapnode via SpotPass because children and penises Ubisoft turns tail and drops its passport system for Assassin's Creed and the Pocket Station rumors get stronger with an impending announcement this week All these plosives and more begin...
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live with this episode number 526 for November the 3rd, 2013.
Yep, we're in that start of November, which is that month when...
DarkSakura.com
Well, except for the day's just been so weird because of ye olde time change.
Yeah, and to be honest, and just keeping it real, y'all, I'm a little hungover today.
So I'm a little, I'm a little like dragging.
You look amazing for a hungover.
Well, thank you.
Did you enjoy the vodka presents?
I haven't partaken in the vodka presence.
I actually was planning to drink during tonight's show, which I'm sure the listeners would have loved, but now that I'm... I kind of drank a lot last night.
You should try a shot of it if you feel up to it later.
We'll see.
If listeners, if y'all behave, and especially knowing that I don't have to get Alan after work now, he's on his way home right now, so I don't have to drive tonight at all, so I can be responsible.
If listeners behave, I'll take a shot maybe at the beginning of part B. And the wine was already starting to get me to slur my words at the end of last week's show.
I'm going to have to get you a bottle of the Honey Run because that stuff was... I love that stuff.
And you were funny.
But I have to say, I just forgot what I was going to say.
Oh yeah, I'm drunk on coffee and high on life.
Woohoo!
Alright.
Also say hello to somebody else who I'm sure is high on life.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
And actually November is not a very busy month for games.
Although there are a couple big games coming out.
You've got to be kidding.
I was just thinking today.
I was like, oh my god.
November 22nd is the day the Xbox One comes out, right?
Yeah.
Well, okay.
On November 22nd, I've already bought at Best Buy and have to go pick up my Zelda 3DS.
Mario 3D World Land View Week
Yeah, but so are you going to count every single re-release of each of these games on different platforms as a separate title?
I suppose not.
It's just the same titles are just, oh, hey, one comes out one week, one comes out the other week, and whatever.
I mean...
So, really, you only have two major releases.
Next-gen console and first-party games aside, you pretty much just have Call of Duty, Ending for Speed, and then, I guess, the Super Mario 3D World.
And that's about it.
Well, to be honest...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
90% of the time solid as heck and all the good or all the kind of early previews and reviews on that thing are really positive so I don't think I have any reason not to be super excited about that game I'm more excited about that than anything I can think of on PlayStation 4 or Xbox One to be quite honest
But the resolution that it played on the Xbox One was just terrible.
Zero, zero P. I mean, same with the PlayStation 4, zero P. Is that why the fan wank fantasy of Nintendo making Xbox One games can't come true because Xbox One wouldn't run it?
I get no picture and sound at all.
All it gets is a stupid error that comes on the screen and says this disc is not compatible or it's dirty or something.
I just don't get it, but...
To be real, I don't really need the Zelda 3DS XL.
I really don't need it.
You don't need it.
And my money could be better spent on other things.
Spray paint the damn... But... If you buy it, you can sell me your old one for Dan.
Oh, Dan wants a 3DS?
Because he wants to play Zelda.
Why doesn't he buy a Zelda 3DS?
Because I have no job.
What about a 2DS?
I have a buyer earmarked right now, but if that falls through, certainly.
That'd be a good thing.
Dan, if you're listening to the show, which you're not, I'm not getting it for you at all.
Ever.
No, I'm not.
You don't need it.
so uh yeah so it's uh anyway i just want that zelda 3ds because it looks so dang cool and i was so happy that it didn't end up being a gamestop exclusive and i can buy it at a bunch of other retailers so yeah i pre-ordered it at best buy because i just i don't know if it's going to be limited quantity or what and i just want to make sure i can yeah they're always limited launch like uh those pokemon 3ds xls they're gone they were gone after their first initial launch
I still saw some on the shelf at Fry's yeah they probably bought a ton and didn't sell them but it's still they only do them one batch and that's it interesting alright well let's see I do want to also introduce our chat room live.vognetwork.com because of course we are the show where every gamer has a voice you guys join us in the chat room every week and we like to read some of the comments from the chat room let's see Actdeft saying I'm considering selling my Pikachu 3DS XL to get a Wii U
It would certainly be a start.
Brad from PodCulture says, Sky, I'm such a sucker.
I ordered Injustice for the PlayStation 4, already imported it for PlayStation 3.
But yeah, I mean, I know the reviews on that game were mixed, but you, Brad, really liked it.
And, you know, if you like a game, then you like a game.
And I don't think there's anything wrong with getting it on multiple consoles if you truly enjoy a game.
Even though it was freaking weird.
Well, but that's, you know, opinions.
I know, I know.
And I have to give him a hard time over being a DC fanboy anyway.
Okay.
and DarkSakura.
Xtifer, our buddy from Horde House, is in chat tonight and says, That's one thing about Nintendo.
You can bet that all their games will always run and look amazing on their systems.
This is why Mario 3D World looks so much better than most other things.
I don't know if they knock it out of the park 100% of the time with their games, because sometimes there's some misfires, like what Steel Diver wasn't really the hottest 3DS game.
But not to totally dismiss your point, because...
It's one of the biggest perks of Nintendo and one of the biggest drawbacks.
Nobody does Nintendo better than Nintendo.
The bar is not really set very high for Nintendo either.
No, I'm serious.
The type of game, though, it doesn't have to be that it's cartoony.
It doesn't have to be that realistic.
Also, it's a lot easier for them because they're developing on one platform as opposed to multi-platform.
That kind of goes with any first-party game that you're only going to have on one platform.
It might look better.
Well, I was going to say, SSJ100Matt was saying how many multiple copies of DDR do we have, except that they actually were kind of different from system to system and release to release, so it doesn't matter.
I was just about to read that same comment and go, well, it's very similar to the Madden games every year.
I mean, DDR was a type of Madden game.
You know, it was different.
Yeah, that actually burned calories instead of making you put them on eating chips.
But still, but still, it was music instead of players.
That's all you had to change, though, was the music.
The music changed the whole game.
The game itself, it's like, that's like saying, well, hey, you know, Monopoly and, you know, another game that uses dice are exactly... Monopoly and Dungeons & Dragons are exactly the same because they use dice.
It's just, you know...
Well, the whole point is that it's the content that makes the game, not the style.
Well, part of it is the content and the style.
Well, I mean, to use the D&D analogy, you use the same method every time you play, but your content's different every time you play.
It's the same with DDR and same, I hope, with the sports ball stuff.
All right, well, we're having a fun conversation here at the top of the show.
But I wanted to get into the official kickoff topic that I had earmarked for tonight before we get into our gaming weeks.
And the kickoff topic I wanted to talk about tonight is, as I've mentioned in prior weeks on the show, we are not going to be here next week.
And it's kind of sort of because of BlizzCon.
I'm going to be out of town, even though I'm technically not going to BlizzCon.
Long story, but I'm going to DizCon and some of the parties.
So there you go.
So we're not going to be here next week.
So no show November 10th.
Sorry.
But we will be back on November 17th.
And if you think about it, when we're back with our first live show on November 17th, we will now live in a world that has a PlayStation 4 in it.
The next system for, you know, the next generation.
Although I know some people may say Wii U is in there, but you know, well...
we all know Nintendo marches to the beat of their own drum right so you know okay yeah we use there but PlayStation 4 is like you know in Xbox One or like really kind of like that next level of power and graphics and so forth so this is really kind of the last episode of OLR to kind of put a cap on this generation now it's not that this generation is done because obviously there's still plenty of 360 and PlayStation 3 games to come
You don't kill your first child when you have your next child.
But, and there's even some speculation that this generation could continue if these new consoles tank, which is a possibility.
If you were going to use that analogy, I would just be like this great, great, great, great, great grandmother.
But for most practical purposes, this generation is probably peaked.
And we're in a unique situation here at OLR that when these consoles launched in, what, 2005, 2006, we were around.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, you already take a mic to mouth.
What are your thoughts?
Well, I'm going to go with the Mass Effect series.
I mean, all three of them together because they're a series.
Right.
No surprise hearing this from you.
Yeah, but I'm going to say this.
Specifically, it got me back into gaming this generation because I had my surgery.
I played a bunch of games and it was, I'm okay.
Oh, this is fun.
Oh, this is neat.
I'm going to go back and play Puyo Puyo.
I always go back and play my old games because I'm a classic gamer.
But...
I have to say that since picking up the series and getting into the story again, I've started checking out more and more new things as they've come out.
I've started looking at other companies that do similar things.
Well, as opposed to the sucky things that Bioware has done, but companies that have similar types of titles.
I've been playing Dragon Age.
I've been really expanding, and I think that it's just the first series that's been out that had so engaging a story that I really...
And I've used this quote before.
A friend of mine in Becky's has said it's the best movie I've ever played.
And you know how you go back and watch your favorite... How often have we seen Showgirls?
But you go back and you watch your favorite show over and over even if part of it has sucked.
Even if you didn't like part of this story or thought this could have been better.
You still go back and watch it if it's something that you love.
Especially if it's the universe that you like.
I had actually gotten pretty kind of bored with it for a little while and then I just went back and started over and I was like well you know what this is kind of fun again and started finding new things to enjoy and you know so I'm actually kind of getting back into it it's really funny but it was
You know, especially, you know, now I play it on PC, mind you.
But it still goes in with the same generation.
And, you know, my second choice is actually up there too.
I don't know if I can mention my second choice.
Sure, of course.
The Portal series.
Portal and Portal 2 because those added in all kinds of different mechanics and made you use your brain as well as having just a delicious snarky humor in it that was...
Fantastic.
But the big two things about both of those is that you also have this community built up around it.
I hate to use the word fandom, but it really is just that.
It's funny that you bring up Portal because I'm looking at our chat room and of course we've got people naming their games.
Actdeft says the game that defined this generation, Portal.
And definitely probably in my top five, I would have put the Orange Box as one of the defining games of this generation because it was such that immense value, but it also brought us Portal.
It brought us...
I think in many ways the Orange Box kind of set up Steam in a lot of ways.
And I realize Steam was around before, but I think a lot of people really got onto Steam in large part because of those Orange Box games.
And Steam has been, you know, I don't want to leave the PC and how they've been pacing alongside consoles out of this necessarily.
So I think the Orange Box really heavily contributed.
That would definitely be my top five.
It's not my number one, but yeah.
Well, here's the point I was going back to with what I call them defining games.
First of all, you do have, like you were just mentioning that side-by-side with PC, you're actually, with so much crossover between consoles and PC, you're expanding the fan base.
You are building an actual bigger community instead of this us-versus-them mentality that's existed forever.
You've actually got both people playing these games.
How often have I modded Becky's save files for Mass Effect 2 and 3?
plenty of times and you know you've got this level of crossover but it's when you've got people who are so invested in the story that they've expanded around it that I think that you've made you've really gotten a success story out of it
I was really considering.
I wasn't going to say the Mass Effect.
I was really considering saying Mass Effect 3 is my game of the generation.
I knew you would say it, though, so I'm going to pick something else.
Okay.
And I know a lot of people would say, why not 2?
How could you pick 3 over 2?
And this is where I go, well, it's not necessarily about the best, but it's about what defined this generation.
And I think in a lot of ways, you know, Mass Effect 3 introduced the multiplayer element of it.
Mm-hmm.
And I want to play again soon.
was definitely one of the more noteworthy things to happen.
I agree.
The way that the fans, in many ways, revolted against what they'd put out for the game was something you wouldn't have seen in previous generations.
I think we all said around the time, Final Fantasy VII, thank God the internet wasn't out when people saw Final Fantasy VII's ending for the first time.
You probably would have seen something similar.
I liked the ending for that game.
I think that in many ways, for better or for worse, defined the generation.
Yeah.
So I'll save my pick for just a minute here.
Loki, what do you think was the game that defined the generation for better or for worse?
Um, well, here's kind of a weird take on it, but I'm going to say Saints Row the Third.
And, unfortunately... It's not just because it's you, though.
No, no, and hold on, let me explain.
It's deep.
Where every gamer has a voice.
Deep.
It's deep.
Saints Row deep.
Alright.
Watch, hold on, you'll understand in just a second.
Okay, so here's why.
Saints Row was a great series, and I really enjoyed it.
And, I mean, pretty much the whole series has been in this generation so far.
Well, the reason why third is most defining of this generation is because of all the business tactics that are being used in games nowadays.
It kind of introduced a lot of these things, at least to that series.
Like, for example, on-disc DLC.
DLC whoring.
DLC whoring.
really terrible DLC that they charge a lot of money for and you get very little content out of basically gutting what was a really good series and then turning it into some big monetization fest that is this generation of games it's basically something that you they've done so much to where you actually hate the series and yet you'll still buy it the next year that it comes out
That's basically this generation in gaming.
You take the abuse and you still come back.
Very interesting pick.
I can't really get around it.
I have two picks for the game of the generation, but one of them is not really a game.
So let me start with, and I know people are going to roll their eyes at this, but it really is, I think in many ways, the game that defined this generation for better or worse.
I believe that game is Wii Fit.
Get Off Your Ass The Game?
Kind of.
And I think that whole exergaming thing.
Now, some might go, well, why not Wii Sports?
And believe me, I was thinking Wii Sports big time.
But I really was thinking about more Wii Fit, how that really took what Wii Sports did for the whole get up off your butt and move gaming and really push that forward.
And really for the first time,
Didn't make video games look like something for lazy people And I think that was a very important turning point in this generation But DDR didn't?
DDR didn't catch on the way Wii Fit did Because Konami didn't believe in it the way Nintendo did Whether we like it or not Good point
I think when Nintendo really pushing Wii Fit and really getting it out there I think they really brought this counterbalance and moved the Wiis and exercise gaming altogether into the commonplace soccer moms were eating it up retirement homes, grandmas were playing video games and this was like a huge thing
I have another one, by the way.
You can't just have one because it's hard to define a whole generation of that.
And yes, this is not going to grant the thought of five again because that's just too easy.
Minecraft is another example of a thing that defines a generation.
You have an indie game that just goes...
and so on.
Hey, these indie games can actually be very good.
And now you're seeing a lot more focus on indie titles and stuff that's not coming from a big publisher or developer.
Well, that and the genre of sandbox games in general.
That's been around forever.
But yes, definitely.
But it really brought that back up into the limelight.
Yeah.
My other pick for the game, and I'm using my quotey fingers, that define this generation of games is Netflix.
Yes.
I didn't expect that, but yeah.
Not at my house.
But we had a dedicated computer set up just for that.
We didn't need to use any of that.
But admittedly, you're different.
And, you know, again, I'm thinking about the soccer mom families and so forth.
You know, really, there's people that go out there and buy Wii's because they're cheap Netflix boxes.
Yeah, there is that.
I mean, it's for the same reason that people bought PS3's or PS2's because of them being a DVD player and the Blu-ray player for PS3, so...
and one of the games one of the other games I would throw out there and then we'll change topics here I want to get into news stories one of the other games that really define the generation and you know I say for better or for worse and in this case it's definitely for worse I think Farmville
I just verped a bit.
But whether you like it or not, mobile and Facebook gaming has become bigger and bigger lately.
And again, it's the whole fact that it gets these people to play games.
Not just play them, but obsess over them.
Like grandma's going out of town because she's going on a cruise for a week.
Can somebody watch her farm so her freaking cows don't die or whatever it is.
That's my mother.
See?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Alright, SSJ100Matt says Angry Birds also, definitely for those same reasons.
Extover says I think Wii Sports would be more defining than Wii Fit to be honest.
It really was the defining moment for all motion control games.
I do agree to a point Extover and I think Wii Sports, you know, obviously was, well it was
The biggest game this generation as far as sales go, you know.
But I think Wii Fit really took what Wii Sports started and just kind of put an exclamation point on it.
And that's kind of why I said Wii Fit.
And especially you start to look at how the connect and the move really got a piece of that.
It was a lot more the exercise gaming and all that.
I mean, look at all those games that come out.
They're all exercise games.
So, anyway.
Tiger Claw says two words, Horse Armor, which, you know, definitely Skyrim, I think is a game of the generation in some ways.
There's a lot of people, you know, that can play that game and only that game and never anything but that game.
I just don't think that Skyrim brought anything really new.
Tal says, or maybe that's Tal, sorry if I'm mispronouncing that, says at least no one mentioned Journey.
You know, Journey is a pretty incredible game though.
And I just, Journey kind of stands on its own.
I don't think we've yet seen how Journey has inspired other games yet.
But that might be coming in the next generation.
But Journey, I think Journey was an amazing game and one of the best of the generation.
But I don't know if it necessarily defined it.
Kind of the difference there.
Or if it had to be something that added definition to this generation of gaming, I would say that it brought back an artistic element that had been missing.
Call of Duty Modern Warfare.
Why?
Because it basically steamrolled the franchise that they have now.
Then there was that whole divorce after that, right?
Or was that Modern Warfare 2 that was after that?
That was after Modern Warfare 2, I think.
One more comment here and then I'll switch topics here.
Extover says, for me, The Last of Us is the epitome of the defining game of this generation.
To me, it was this generation's series finale.
That's an interesting analogy there.
You know, I can see that.
I mean, I've wanted to play the game.
I haven't played it yet.
But for everything that I've seen come up around it, I'd have to agree with that.
It's sort of like the cherry on top of the sundae.
I do like that analogy that it's the series finale.
I think that's a neat way of putting it.
And then we wake up and it's Bob Newhart in his bed.
It was all a dream.
All right.
How about the news that defined this generation?
You might really have to rack your brain a little bit, but what do you think was the news story that really defined this generation?
I'd say it was a series of news stories.
There might be more than one that you can think of, but something off the top of your head.
And I ask this to Chad as well.
Well, I'm really going to go with a series of them because they all go back to the same thing.
It's all the stupid, violence-blaming video games, which we've got psychological studies proving the exact opposite.
We have statistics showing that crime has decreased since the... When did the Nintendo come out?
Was it 91, 90?
Yeah.
The original Nintendo?
Yes.
85.
85.
I don't know why I was saying that.
The Super Nintendo.
I think you said Super Nintendo was 1991.
Because we've had a decrease in armed crime amongst youth over the last 20, 30 years.
But they still go back and try to do this as scapegoat.
It's still turning into this misunderstood thing.
When in reality...
DarkSakura.com
Loki, any thoughts?
It's a tough question, especially live.
I can't even remember what happened last year.
Like, you guys, I seriously told Loki and DarkSakura like five minutes before the show what was going to come up, as usually happens here in the world of live radio.
Well, I'm just trying to think of stuff.
I mean, there's the PlayStation Network hacking thing.
Since you brought it up, that was my number one.
The PlayStation Network hack.
I wouldn't even do that.
I'm
I don't know, it's just kind of, to me, maybe the Xbox One announcement and kind of all the stuff that went wrong during E3 and kind of the reversal of that stuff is kind of like this generation's almost, I don't know, some people like the specs and stuff that they have on the console and all the different DRM things and stuff.
But it's almost like, for the majority of the people, I think it's like this kind of nightmare situation, like this is the way things are going, and kind of, you know, demonstrating all the wrongs, all the stuff that's kind of gone wrong in this generation.
I don't know, I can't really think of anything that's super defining in this.
It's hard to say.
There hasn't really been any huge, huge, huge, like, changes, I would think.
I did think of two things that I would like to have been defining.
And one of them was how they were networking the PS3s as a computer to, what was it, leukemia or cancer research?
Oh, the Folding at Home?
Yeah.
I thought that's something that should have been defining, but people like to look at the negative instead of the positive.
But that and all of the charities that popped up around Next Generation Gaming.
I'm not saying that they popped up with this generation, but they've certainly come to higher prevalence with this generation.
We have Child's Play, Extra Life.
and I mean, yeah, a lot of them are going back and playing older consoles but we're seeing a lot more of these popping up and getting attention.
You know, I kind of tie that to the emergence of streaming your gameplay online and kind of Twitch TV and all the, you know, Ustream and all that.
as kind of, you know, I think that's one of the big things about this generation.
I think you see a lot of charity drives, you know, able to be done a lot easier and a lot more ground roots, you know, ground level types of fundraising.
Grassroots.
Thank you.
That's the word I was looking for.
types of fundraising because of being able to stream your games online and just have that instant audience.
I kind of think that story is evolving as we move into the PlayStation 4 and Xbox 360, going to have that stuff in there, although we'll get into the news in a minute here where there's some borders with that and what it will and won't do.
But I think that is definitely a big story that's kind of bridging the two generations.
I would really like for stuff like that to be the defining news of the generation.
Really?
The most defining, I think the most defining thing ever of this generation?
President Cat.
I more want to put it as you have communities of people coming together for a good cause through video games.
I love some of these answers here in chat, and this is a great one that I didn't even think of, and I'm sitting here going, why?
Why didn't I think of this?
Tal in our chatroom says, Kickstarter.
Any Kickstarter-related game.
And BlackWolf adds to that, the new story of this generation is either the emergence of Kickstarter or the internet bitching enough that a storyteller changed the ending of the story they wanted to tell.
But you know, both those things have something in common, and that is...
The voice of the internet has become a huge thing this generation.
If you think about it, I don't want to toot our own horn a little bit, but podcasting wasn't around last time.
Heck yeah.
And it is now.
And that's all a part of that.
It's just the voice of the gamer getting a little louder and those barriers, you know, it used to be the magazine would come to my home and that was the only way I kind of kept tabs on what was going on in the gaming industry.
But those barriers between us and the gaming industry are really coming down.
Twitter is a big part of that.
I can interact with developers directly for better or for worse.
Well, in general, though, that would be an evolution of communication itself, where many communities are coming together and having that interactivity that we didn't have, you know, 30 years ago, or that we barely had 30 years ago, I'll put it that way.
I mean, I met my husband online.
I've made tons, like the chat room is full of, you know, friends of mine now, you know, people I can call friends, so, and that I might not have met otherwise.
Absolutely.
So...
Um, and Tigerclaw says you could also add the whole thing with PSN being hacked and down for a few weeks.
Um, I said it briefly, but yeah, that would actually be my number one most defining thing I think was when PlayStation Network was hacked because I think in a lot of ways it, you know, how much information we're putting out there about ourselves easily.
I think a very tough lesson was learned in many ways all around the board.
Just like I think the last generation, the Xbox and PlayStation 2, I think the defining thing of that generation was Xbox Live It's almost like the defining thing of this generation was when the trust there kind of fails us, if that makes sense
Well, that's how you were over the Xbox thing.
Oh, sure.
And you really do understand a lot more of the nature of marketing, watching the reactions between the two companies, how they responded to their respective hackings.
Also, digital.
I mean, because there was a big push for Xbox Live Arcade, and I mean, that was something that happened.
And also, full-size digital games.
I mean, granted, I'm sure it was on the PC stuff a long time ago, but console-wise, digital's been a big thing.
What was that?
Alright, well, I'm sure you guys sitting there listening to the show have plenty more to add to this, so I invite you to email us or tweet us, especially while we're down during the week, and let us know what defined this generation, be it game or news, for you.
That's Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com, or you can tweet us at OLR.
One final thought, Jamie?
I'd say the crappiest thing about this generation?
Manuals!
We need manuals to come back!
And we need these companies to hire me to design them!
so in other words it's the downside to the digital exactly print is so beautiful I love manuals and I love posters and I love getting stuff with my game that I can put on my wall or you know keep Midna from eating alright let's move on I want to talk about our gaming weeks quickly we're running a little long tonight because that was a great kickoff topic thank you guys let's quickly talk about our gaming weeks Dark Sakura I'm not playing Animal Crossing right now at all am I
Final Fantasy XIV I've been kind of stalling on that just because I'm on my second job and it's so slow I was gifted thanks to D&L Dreams who is so sweet I gave her a box of yarn a while back and she has in return given me the Stanley Parable so I will be playing it very soon I played some Fractal I have been playing a little bit more of the Super Mario 3D world but like I said 3D kind of for me
Um, and Dan is playing, um, uh, Legend of Zelda, whichever the Oracle of Seasons ones is, our thing.
Yeah, Dan's, uh, he just finished, uh, Mimish Cap and he's, no, is he doing Mimish Cap now?
He's doing, he's doing one of them anyway, but Dan's going on this big Zelda kick lately.
So my, my house has been full of, uh, Zelda music and, uh, and lots of loud cursing.
And then, in addition to that, it's just been me hunting down stuff on Steam that I haven't played in a while and actually trying to get some use out of these games and stuff I've gotten on sale before.
So, I don't know.
What about you?
I'm sorry.
I'm reading Reddit.
Reddit's funny.
I don't know.
What have I played this week?
Grand Theft Auto V. Yeah, that would have been Grand Theft Auto V, yes.
So I played a bit of online.
We did a very short VOG game night this week, thanks to the one person that came out.
I guess everybody else is doing more important things.
But next week, though, next week on Friday, we will be doing another VOG game night, this time on PlayStation 3.
So if you have the PlayStation 3 version of Grand Theft Auto V and wish to play with us online, we will be doing that 8.15 on Friday.
You know what?
I should get Dan in on that.
You should.
It's a good time.
Because he would be hilarious.
I mean, he's hilarious anyway, and he's also funny looking, but he'd be even funnier.
He'd be fun.
And I'm going to try to get my coworkers that are not too old that won't fall asleep.
I swear to God, it's just like, you know, my boss had to, yeah, I totally forgot to play last time because I got home and I just fell asleep.
I
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Pain in the ass, I can't get the plane low enough to trigger it.
So, I don't know.
But I got all my stunt jumps done and all my collectibles done and I'm at 96 or 7% now.
So I just have to do night flights, fly under some bridges, and go to the strip club with my friends.
That's actually one of the things I have to do.
Alright, that it?
It's not a night in Los Santos without boobs.
um my gaming week was you know a lot of Final Fantasy 14 as is to be expected as of late but I'm having a great time in that game and uh Shane is bugging me and as as our other members of my free company are bugging me to finish my relic plus one quest so I do really need to do that uh but otherwise just having a good time uh you know getting my dark light gear completed and all that
as far as other new games to talk about well this one's not new but it's like a fresh coat of paint on an old classic and that would be the Wii U virtual console release of Super Castlevania 4 and I was playing that because that came out was it on Halloween or the day before?
It was this week and since I already had it on Wii it was only like a dollar to get the Wii U version which was great because I can even and before tonight's show I was sitting here playing it and it was on the TV behind me and DarkSakura goes it's so weird that when your TV moves by itself
Hey, you know, I was really proud of myself when I stepped in and I recognized it just where you had it paused.
I was like, that looks Super Nintendo.
That's not Richter.
Okay, it's Super Castlevania 4.
Yeah, absolutely.
So, yeah, an amazing classic.
And if for whatever reason you missed this game and you happen to own a Wii U, I really urge you to pick it up.
I imagine most people that are on the Wii U probably already played this at some point, but...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Also, earlier this week, and I know we're going to get into this in the news, so it might be a little bit redundant, but on Monday, I think it was Monday, the Typing of the Dead Overkill came out, which is the new Typing of the Dead based on the House of the Dead Overkill, which was the Wii version of the game.
So, when I heard there was a new Typing of the Dead, I was like, yes, please, buy, because it's, what, 50% off on Steam during the week?
10 bucks, yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Dreamcast packs don't show on people's backs
they had a move it was move enabled I think it also allowed you to you could use the analog sticks if you really want to I just I guess I never really get into those games on the home console like the last shooter game I really truly loved at home was point-blank okay and that was a long time ago oh that needs to come back I know those games were amazing but anyway um you know I never really got into time crisis or any of the on-rails shooters at home that's more of an arcade thing to me so I never really played house of the dead but I love timing of the
It sounded like you said Ask the Dead for a minute.
You know, there's actually a reason I did not buy it.
Because I need bad voice acting in my House of the Dead.
We're beating G over there.
Well, I do believe that this is the one that had the most uses of fuck in it.
Oh my gosh, it's so over the top and it's really dirty, nasty dialogue and exploitation films of the past and like Quentin Tarantino style 70s.
It's...
It's crazy.
I just thought that was funny.
That was funny.
Okay, that's pretty cool.
So, anyway, yeah.
Loved it.
And HitStun in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, I was also disappointed in the lack of visible keyboards, and yes, it contains House of the Dead Overkill Extended Cut.
Yes, if you want to use your mouse and play the clicky-click version, you can do that too.
But for me, it's all about the typing.
You know what, though?
I do have to say that the best thing to ever come out of Typing of the Dead was cosplay I saw at AX one year that had the Dreamcast pack and the keyboard and everything.
That was awesome.
That's awesome.
Amazing.
All right.
Let's get into gaming news.
I want to do some housekeeping real quick, though, before we get there.
Once again, I said this earlier, but just a reminder, we will not be here live next week.
So...
But I will be here live, just not on air.
Just not on air.
Maybe you'll do a Twitch thing or something.
I don't know.
No.
No, probably not.
All right.
I'll do my homework and let you guys watch.
We're taking a night off because you know what?
Sometimes we want a night off.
I'm sneaking myself off in Rob's luggage.
Also in housekeeping tonight, I want to mention that we unveiled something new at vognetwork.com tonight.
You can hear the in-depth discussion on the Bobby Blackwolf show when he posts his episode midweek.
But in a nutshell, the game at vognetwork.com now includes a raffle element.
So in other words, when you check into shows, you get your points, you do all that, you can potentially earn real crap that we will ship to you.
And this month's crap is pretty good.
It's Cards Against Humanity.
It's a sealed version of a very hard-to-get game.
So yeah, I'm sure there'll be some people that want to get that.
So all you have to do, you have to enter, though.
You're not automatically put in just because you get points.
You do have to enter, and you can check that out at vognetwork.com slash raffles.
And I think that also shows up now on the left side of the page under your user info.
Thank you for watching!
and many of you have been until now so we just want to say thank you very much and hope you enjoy this new little twist on the VOG Network game.
One other thing I gotta say and then we can get into news but this is important and I want to wish a very happy
Thanks for watching!
Brad and his gang over there at PodCulture Christina, Adam, all those guys have been a great support of OLR especially Brad in the support that he's given these projects here at OLR he supports Horde House in a huge way he helped set up the website and get that show hosted at Horde House so I'm so appreciative for that the microphones that we use here now at OLR were kind of handed down from Brad from PodCulture
So, yeah, they've just been such a great support over the years.
And they're squishy.
Well, with the little foamy hats.
Yes, they are.
They're squishy.
Mine's red.
I like it.
It's for our listeners' protection.
That's right.
That's right.
So, yeah, I just want to say a big thank you and congratulations because 400 is an epic milestone.
I remember when you were just a wee 150.
All right.
There you go.
So congrats to all those guys over there at PodCulture.
To register for participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at VOGnetwork.com, use the passphrase, TURN.
Alright, let's start with the gaming news tonight.
Loki, please, if you would, start us off with the news.
Well, you know, one of the taglines for the PlayStation 3 this generation was, it only does, and then they list a ton of shit.
Well, this week they decided to put out a fact, or they being Sony, decided to put out a fact outlining the stuff that the PlayStation 4 won't do.
And that includes a few things at launch, which of course you're going to have to update your system and stuff.
It's going to lack DLNA support, so you're not really going to be able to stream stuff from media servers too easily.
Also, it doesn't feature a music visualizer, and that's probably because it doesn't play any CDs.
And also, dynamic themes are not supported, which makes sense because it kind of changed the whole user interface anyways.
And MP3 playback is not going to happen.
And if you want to listen to music or see videos or that kind of thing, you can do that through Sony Music's unlimited service and video unlimited service.
You know, actually, here's the thing.
I'm not entirely sure that you can't stream stuff to your PS4.
Because I remember the Wii had that kind of problem, too, where you couldn't stream stuff.
But they had a lot of services set up where you go to a web page, or you set up, like, a server, and it creates a web page on your network, and then you just do it through the web browser.
So there might be a workaround there.
That's essentially a hack.
I mean, not like a hack like you think, but it's a workaround.
It's still annoying that they did that.
And the other thing they were saying too, the PlayStation 4 share button and record capabilities, apparently that is going to be kind of limited to Twitch.
You're not going to be able to upload videos to YouTube.
And...
Thanks for watching!
So, I don't know.
I don't think that's a big deal.
They have to have something in place if they want to protect whatever they're doing.
But this is at launch, so, I mean, it makes sense.
They're also saying Ustream footage will not be saved for later playback, so, whatever.
The other thing I was going to mention, one of the things, actually, when Bobby was talking about it on the show, and I had mentioned it on the show, and Rob said, hey, save that for the show.
My thoughts about the MP3 playback, because it kind of sucks.
and you know I've been seeing the conspiracy theory out there where they're like well they're just trying to get people to you know participate in Sony's music unlimited service or something like that I think there might be actually another reason behind it if you think about it first off they have to build it in the game so that you know to have mp3 playback but let's just assume that it works with games kind of like how it does now
Thanks for watching!
Sony Music Unlimited
It's a very interesting thought.
I should probably just throw out there the point that there are many streams on Twitch TV today where the person's playing Warcraft or League of Legends, and they're listening to iTunes in the background.
So you do hear licensed music go out through Twitch TV all the time, and it's kind of a gray area.
And Twitch kind of says, I think in their legal fact, and I'm going off my memory, so I apologize if I'm wrong or misrepresenting, but I want to say it just kind of says, you know, we don't really...
We consider it kind of like fair use or whatever as long as they don't complain about it type of thing.
They have no reason to go out and take it down because it's just part of a broadcast.
So it's kind of a gray area right now.
But I think that's an interesting perspective.
Sony, as a record label as well as this, maybe has a vested interest in not having you be able to stream your music.
And it could be that they are just trying to sell more subscriptions to Music Unlimited.
But let's be honest.
I mean, if I have a PlayStation 4...
I don't think I need to really necessarily do that.
Oh, the other thing too, it's not going to support USB hard drive support or memory sticks at launch.
I don't like that.
I don't understand the reason behind it, especially when it's something that's already in the PlayStation 3.
I don't know why, but whatever the case, this is just at launch.
Stuff can change.
One other thing though that's come out is the Xbox One will support playback of CDs.
It will also support DLNA streaming as well.
Although
I guess it's a little different.
MP3 playback you can't do.
They're saying to do that, the system I guess is set up as like a Play 2 receiver.
And that means you can use your Windows 7 or Windows 8 PC or Windows Phone I guess to stream to it.
Kind of like the Windows Media Center or something like that.
Buy our products.
Basically, yeah.
It's kind of locked into that.
So...
I don't know, I mean, that's kind of annoying, but whatever the reasons, you know, it is a little disappointing that you can't out of the box use it as like a media server or something like that, because that's why I use my PlayStation 3 for a lot, but I guess their thoughts would be, oh, well, just use your PlayStation 3 for that, or buy a PlayStation 3 for that specific purpose.
It's still annoying, and hopefully later on, maybe a year from now, or
PKJr92 says I would think it would be super easy to just not allow anything playing locally to stream.
I would think two.
I think so too, but they are rushing.
A lot of stuff is kind of in rush mode right now.
Maybe that's kind of like, okay, let's not worry about that right now.
Let's just do this and then we'll fix it later.
My thought with that is that they might also be managing it some of the similar way that I've been using live stream lately for a lot of my drawing stuff.
And you actually can choose what channels you have input into your stream.
So I mean, they probably have like maybe a channel selector of some sort.
Brad from PodCulture says, it's better to not have features to start out and then add later versus launch with features that get taken away like other OS on PlayStation 3.
That is very much the truth.
Very much the truth.
All right.
Well, let's move on with some other stories.
This is – I have no better way to put this than this was the tweet that was heard around the world this week.
And it was actually a twit longer because it was too much for one tweet actually.
XBOX ONE XBOX ONE XBOX ONE XBOX ONE XBOX ONE
and were native 1080p on the PlayStation 4.
We optimized each console to hit 60 frames per second and the game looks great on both.
Still on the road, but glad to see the great reception to Extinction.
Can't wait for next week's launch.
And yeah, that went over...
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
So, I mean, based on those two games and speculating like crazy, it sounds like the Xbox One, it's harder to get the graphics and stuff to be where they need to be in order to get the performance that you have on that system.
That's what it sounds like.
It's easier to do it on the PlayStation 4.
Let me ask a couple devil's advocate questions that are important.
One, 720p versus 900p.
Is there really a difference?
Can I really see the difference between the two?
Is it that big of a deal?
You'll note, well, it was hard because they did some side-by-side comparisons, but the problem is that the Xbox One version doesn't have a patch for some of the anti-aliasing stuff that they're going to have in there.
So right now it does look more jaggy on the Xbox One.
Is that going to change when that patch comes out?
Probably, so is it very hard to tell the difference between the two?
Yeah, for most people, you're not going to notice a huge difference, but the more detail that you have in there, especially with these consoles pushing more detail, you're going to notice it eventually.
And also, the other thing is, it's a next-gen fucking game!
It should be running at 1080p in my opinion.
If it's running at the same resolution as a regular Xbox 360 game, and some Xbox 360 games are probably running higher resolutions, why am I spending $500 on this fucking system in the first place?
What am I getting out of it that's different than the Xbox 360 version?
Looking at our chat at live.vognetwork.com, Ranma says, also, if you're gaming on a 32-inch TV, you will not see the difference.
Bonds006 says, though, yes, there is a difference.
Ranma also speculates, I think that because of the usage of system memory, PlayStation 4 is using GDDR5 and Xbox One is using DDR3.
That could be it.
GDDR memory is for video cards.
The other devil's advocate point I wanted to bring up is, weren't we in this exact reverse situation last generation?
And I specifically think of the game Oblivion, because I seem to remember when that came out for PlayStation 3, and it came out a year after it was out on 360, and people were like, it sucks, and the slowness of the Blu-ray drive holds it back, and it's graphically not as good, it's buggy.
But did that really ruin the PlayStation 3?
No.
I mean, for some people that's not a big deal, but when you're spending $500, $400 on a new system, you're going to be paying attention to every single... Especially when you're looking at games, like if I'm looking to play Call of Duty, that's a game that's not exclusive to one of those consoles.
I'm going to be looking at every damn thing, and if it runs better on one system than another one... Like, for example, if I was buying a next-gen system for Oblivion or Skyrim...
I wouldn't be buying a Playstation 3 because it ran like shit on the Playstation 3 until about 8 patches later then it finally ran okay for Skyrim I'm not sure if they ever fixed Oblivion but it took a long time well
I think... I do understand that point of wanting to have the capability to run higher.
But there also, I mean, you got to think about the average person who's going to be able to afford having the huge TV that will show it off.
Like, I mean, for me, yeah, I would want all of that.
But if the average player isn't going to have the TV to show it off, why worry about it?
It's still going to look great either way.
more comments from our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com Dungeon Buster says Bethesda had little experience with the Playstation 3 at the time too they've gotten better though the problems with Skyrim's DLC still point out issues they have with it and Extover says I say it's too early to tell let's wait until next year when next gen exclusives come out more often you know that is true these are launch games and every other generation we've seen that you put the launch games next to the games that come out at the end of the generation and you see the progress
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I mean, granted, they're going to have some better physics and stuff, like, ooh, moving grass, ooh, you know, leaves are rustling.
But, you know, for a lot of people, it doesn't matter.
The majority of the copies of Call of Duty are going to be sold on the Xbox 360, like they are every other year.
Last comment from our chat, then we'll go to DarkSakura's story.
BlackWolf says frames per second, or FPS, is more important than resolution anyway.
A constant 60 frames a second outweighs the number of pixels on the screen.
Amen.
I agree with that immensely, because I'll play Final Fantasy XIV in crappier graphics settings just to get it to run smooth.
That's more important than it being pretty.
Anyhow, let's move on.
We could debate this all day long, as people have been doing on the internet for a long time, but we have a lot of shows still to go.
Who remembers the pocket station?
Me Do you remember the pocket station?
I have one
I need to steal Jewelies.
I mean, borrow Jewelies.
Isn't that how you raised a Chocobo in Final Fantasy VIII or something like that?
Hell yeah.
Yeah, and it also had a stat mode for... What was that game?
Shitty Justice Gakuen Evolution, the Rival Schools second edition that came out on PlayStation.
I don't remember if it was official or non-official, but it had a wonderful DDR non-stop course editor for the fourth mix.
Yes, yes.
Well, there was a teaser that came out.
There's basically this four-minute PlayStation Japan video that's out that teases the Pocket Station.
So we could possibly see something similar to it coming out with PS4.
I mean, of course, this is just a hint at it.
Nothing etched in stone or engraved in metal, I should say.
But who knows?
I mean, I used the hell out of my VMU on my Dreamcast.
I think I carried like three VMUs on my keychain at one time because I had my Chao, Dan's Chao, and my Godzilla.
It could make a very interesting iPhone or Android app.
I was going to say, it's going to be an app.
It's not going to be a device.
It just seems very obvious to be a great use for the app.
I think it would be fun.
Especially if they have the little cat.
Because I love the cat.
The little mascot that's shown up
ever since it would be awesome because you know they can the Playstation 3 can play the older games which I'm assuming is a matter of time before you see that on Playstation 4 as well that they you know bring out the library of old PS1 and 2 games that would be really awesome if you could get a Pocket Station emulator on your phone I know that might be asking too much but I think it would be really cool
You know what would be nice is using, if you get that emulator and they start bringing out localized games that we never saw, sort of like how Nintendo's doing with the Wii U. True.
That'd be fun.
Alright.
Let's move on, Loki.
Alright.
Microsoft has put out a brand new privacy policy.
They're talking about how they collect data.
This is mainly referring to the Kinect and talking about what features they record.
Basically, the Kinect camera actually records some information as far as your facial recognition and stuff, but it saves that to your console, so that's actually not shared.
They did say, though, that you could, I guess, turn off, of course, the Kinect features at any time.
And the voice, I guess, commands are captured, but I don't think those are shared.
Skype, though, on the other hand, well, nothing's guaranteed to be private there.
So I guess they can get that if you want, which is not surprising because I think they're already sharing it at the NSA anyways.
And then...
The thing that's kind of been the bane of my existence, at least on the Xbox 360 right now, they want some updated contact information for your safety.
So like second ways to contact you via email or texting you or phone calls and stuff like that.
I've tried to put my information in there a few times now, and it never fucking takes.
I remember you bitching about this before.
It says, oh, I don't have it.
So now I just back out of it every goddamn time because I've already put that stuff in there.
The website said it was confirmed, yet it keeps nagging me for fucking information over and over.
It'll send me the text.
I'll confirm it.
It fucking even sent me the text, and I was going to confirm it on the Xbox 360.
It's like, no, sorry, you have to visit this website to do that.
Then why the fuck are you nagging me through this?
But yeah, so anyways, now if you, I guess you could link your service account with, you know, some other stuff and you have to have some sort of like name, address, email and all that stuff.
And that's just to protect the hacks and all that, right?
Yeah, they claim.
Yeah, it can text you if somebody's trying to spend a lot of money or something like that, right?
I think it's more of like, you know, second way to authenticate yourself, you know, because Google does that now, Steam does it.
Sure, sure.
With emails, so.
Makes sense.
I appreciate them at least trying to protect things, especially after having money stolen in the Xbox 360 very easily.
I appreciate that they're taking the extra step, even if it's a little sloppy from Loki's perspective.
And also, just as a reminder, you probably want to make sure that you go to Xbox.com and go to your account settings to make sure that you opt out of all of the
sharing of that information with Microsoft Parties and company affiliates, resellers, distributors, etc., etc., etc.
Because I'm sure that they conveniently left that on, you know.
Of course, of course.
All right, moving on to some highly controversial news this week, and this one just really blew me away.
And...
Oh boy.
We just had a comment earlier in the show about somebody said it's better to add a feature after the console comes out than to take something away.
I believe that was Brad.
Yes, it was Brad.
And we are seeing this week something getting taken away.
And it's Nintendo who disabled the Swap Note application on their 3DS.
And it's due to the exchange of, quote,
explicit material now it should be pointed out I may have overdone it there because they didn't disable the entire app but they disabled the spot pass feature which for most people was the app that means sending the notes through the internet so you can no longer send pictures of your cats through the internet because some kids were exchanging explicit material and I guess they just found this out what two years after the app launched and
Some users were exchanging offensive material.
The feature was deactivated to, quote, limit the risk of any inappropriate activity or misuse of a service.
Further quotes from Nintendo's notice, quote, Nintendo has learned that some consumers, including miners, have been exchanging their friend codes on internet bulletin boards and then using Swapnote, known as Nintendo Letterboxd in other regions, to exchange offensive material.
Nintendo has been investigating ways of preventing this and determined it is best to stop the spot pass feature of swap note because it allows the direct exchange of photos and was actively misused.
Nintendo always wants to provide a positive experience for all consumers and limit the risk of any inappropriate activity or misuse of a service.
We feel it is important on this occasion to take this action.
We are very sorry for any inconvenience to the many consumers who have been using this service.
Nintendo will continue to work to ensure more consumers are aware of our parental control features which allow parents to manage their children's experience on our systems.
Nintendo just now learned this.
Two afters after the fact.
That if you give teenagers access to the internet they're going to take pictures of their penis and send it to their friends.
It took you two years to figure that out?
I am just shocked.
at the... Like, I don't even know what word to use with it.
It's a degree of naivety.
Yes, I think naivety... God damn it, I keep wanting to say naivety because it's Christmas.
Naivety.
It is not remotely Christmas, it's Hanukkah first.
I mean Thanksgiving.
I mean Thanksgiving-ka.
But I'm just blown away by...
Honestly, honest to God, it took you two years to get to that point, and now you're taking it away because kids look up porn online?
And yet, you leave the internet browser, which I'm sure you've made terrible on purpose.
The first thing I did when I saw this news story is I went to my DS browser, I pulled up gay porn, and I took a picture of it and put it on Twitter saying, well, Nintendo didn't really remove the porn from my DS, now did they?
But they removed the child porn.
What is it that I told Bobby when he cast the shows over to us?
I was like, there are two things that you're going to have on a device the moment it comes out.
And that's porn and Linux.
It's true.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
or all this party and Spike and I were talking about this a lot.
Spike's a big Nintendo fan and I understand why.
Nintendo does make some great games as I said earlier.
The game I'm most looking forward to this holiday season is a Nintendo game.
A Nintendo game in many ways defined last generation.
and he was throwing out a theory that maybe this has to do with the 2DS and the fact that the 2DS is marketed a bit more towards children and because Nintendo is more actively pursuing the kid market maybe they have to pay a little more attention to what kids can actually do with the device and although I totally understand that point and respect it there's a part of me that goes well god damn it when are we going to put some onus on the parents because a kid doesn't walk into Toys R Us and plop down $130 on a 2DS.
Somebody drove them there, if they do.
There is a lot of irresponsibility on the part of parents, I think.
So put the 2DS in a giant envelope that says Parental Warning in big red letters.
To disable internet on this device.
But, you know, the thing, and this goes a little bit into marketing too, is that when you have a system with a warning label on it, you have a chance that a parent's going to just see the warning.
and go, oh, well, I don't want to do this risk.
It's easier not to deal with it than have to work for it.
I've got too much else on my plate with my kid or how can I watch everything all the time?
It's better just to not get it.
You know, I see it that way too.
Video Chat
So right at this moment, I could go on and I could call whoever's on their Wii U right now and I could say, hey, look at this, and pull down my pants and show them my balls.
And there's... I mean, is Nintendo going to shut down the video chat too?
Because, heaven forbid, a child unsupervised uses the device because the parents were too lazy to enable parental controls and starts, you know, showing their goods to predators.
Which I...
Again, I'm not... Don't misunderstand me.
That's the terrible thing, and people who prey on kids like that should have horrible, horrible things done to them.
But I think there has to be responsibility on the parents' part that if you put a device like this in the home, you need to watch what your kids are doing.
I would like to respond to HitStun, by the way.
And what does HitStun say in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com?
Why, they just patch out photos?
Mm-hmm.
Well, I mean, it's not stopping people from, you know, drawing...
Well, and photos were the best part.
So how are you supposed to share your photos now?
I like photos of pussy.
What's the point of having a 3D camera on the thing if you can't share it with anyone?
Because you can take them off on your SD card and email them.
Swapnote came after the launch anyway, so you can technically still view them on your card.
And I guess hypothetically, yeah, you could email them or something, but...
It really did.
And I saw the word used in chat here by PKJr92.
Nintendo neutered the service.
Yeah, it really neutered the photography.
And even Nintendo's own implementation.
Like, you can take the screenshots in Animal Crossing.
And they touted that as a big feature.
And how you could, like, you know... I'll be honest.
I've done one screen cap through Swapnote and all the rest of them I pulled off my SD card and put on my Tumblr.
Okay.
The ones that are on my fan page on Facebook, I took those on my game and just copied them over because they come across as, I believe, as JPEGs if you don't use the 3D mode.
Alright, so there you go.
I'm just very disappointed in this news.
It's like every time you think Nintendo gets it,
They don't.
Oh, by the way, this is still a thing that's going around.
There's an app called WeKaraokeU, and I don't believe that's here in the U.S.
I think that's something that's only available in Japan because, you know, karaoke's a little bigger overseas.
They only have WeSing or something.
I don't think that has any karaoke in it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and people are just making a point out of this.
It's like Nintendo, you still can do many adult things if you want to with your console.
It's Joy Sound is the karaoke thing and if I remember correctly, I do believe a Joy Sound game has come out over here for the Wii.
I don't believe the Wii U yet.
I don't think it's on the Wii U yet, yeah.
I think I remember that.
but it's just you know again it's it's a little ridiculous and unfortunately just you know accentuates the reason why Nintendo constantly gets ridiculed for not understanding online and this doesn't make me feel a little more comfortable about their situation sorry to say well all right let's move on with more news DarkSakura
I feel a little bit like I don't want to take from Bobby's interview earlier.
Think of it as giving him a cheap plug.
Yeah, so I'm actually going to say, everyone, if you want more of the information on this, make sure that you go listen to Bobby's show, which you can download on iTunes and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and VOGnetwork.com.
So, but I am going to go ahead and tell you what happened.
And there's a company called Wadjet Eye, and that's W-A-D-J-E-T, and I love companies with mythological names.
It's just cool.
So anyway, there was a game put out called Blackwell Deception, and it was put out for free.
There were codes that you could download to play the game.
Well, people were taking those free codes and setting them up to resell them, which I think is shitty.
So basically, they just took them all down and said...
Well, no, we don't want that to happen.
But it wasn't necessarily the codes that went down.
It was the page that went down.
So, well, the link to the page that went down.
So basically people were still going to that and getting all the codes.
So there's about 30,000 codes worth of games now that have been removed from Steam.
And I believe it was 30,000, didn't he say?
Yeah.
Yeah, he said this during the interview too, that he just did those last 30,000 from the time he went to bed because he was up for 30 hours because of the situation.
On his anniversary?
That's shitty.
But anyway...
It just, I'm not going to say it baffles me that people will abuse the generosity of others because it happens.
I'm sorry.
If you've got people who think they can make a profit off of other people, they're going to do it.
Humble Bundle.
All the time this happens with Humble Bundle.
Which is why that changed.
Yeah, we talked about it on the show that people are eBaying their codes on the Humble Bundle to people that don't know any better.
It's really tacky.
I wouldn't just say tacky.
I would put it up in the realm of purely unethical.
We just have this faction of greedy people, which I'm not going to go into detail on that one.
But I think that it was...
what Dave Gilbert did that was who Bobby interviewed before I think that was purely necessary I think it was the right step to take under the situation and yeah there's people pissed off about it but look at it as the rotten apple spoiling the bunch you have a lot of bad apples spoiling all of it for everybody so if you want to be mad at anybody be mad at the people that were abusing the system not at the person who was the victim of the abuse
Steam can pull games from the library
But that doesn't stop you from linking your game with your Steam account.
You can still run everything through Steam if you want your functionality of Steam with your game.
How do you think I get all those pretty cutscene screencaps of Final Fantasy XIV?
So...
Alright, well let's travel around the world and check out some release dates that you can buy and then you can resell if you want.
Because it's a little more ethical when you actually bought it in the first place.
But anyway, let's travel around the world and check out release dates and what's coming out soon.
Alright, so this week we have Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures on 3DS.
Also the Castlevania Lords of Shadows Collection on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360.
Moshi Monsters Katsuma Unleashed on 3DS and DS.
Call of Duty Ghosts on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 believe it or not the PlayStation 4 and Wii U and PC cause you know you gotta be cool and get those PlayStation 4 discs a week before they come out it's so weird to me, hey look I got this game I'm totally gonna not play it for a week so it's gonna take some getting used to that now we have to throw in PlayStation 4 releases into the mix but I guess this happened before with Wii U yeah
Zumba Fitness, World Party on the Wii U, Xbox 360 and Wii, Power Rangers Megaforce on 3DS, The Guided Fate Paradox on PS3, and Ben 10 Omniverse 2 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, Wii U, and 3DS.
Frozen on the DS and 3DS and...
Last but not least, the Travel Adventures with Hello Kitty on 3DS.
Oh, yay!
And the Game Stick.
I should know what I'm getting, Rob.
I know, right?
No, no, no, hold off.
You gotta wait for Hello Kitty Cruisers or whatever that was, you know, the Mario Kart-esque game.
Oh yeah, right, yeah.
That'll be fun.
That's a budget title, too.
20 bucks.
Heck yeah.
Well, Rob, I think you're worth at least 20 bucks.
All right, I'm covered for Hanukkah.
All right, let's move on.
Going to Japan, I would read PlayStation 4 dates, but remember, they're not getting theirs until next year.
Yeah, as well.
So we still have a little while before we start getting those dates in Japan.
But we can read what's going on on the PlayStation 3.
And coming out on November 7th, we have Akiba's Trip 2, Battlefield 4, Book of Spells, NBA 2K14, and Onichambara Z Kagura with No No No comes out.
And, oh, Rocksmith 2014.
X4 will be happy to hear that Rocksmith 2014 get exposed to Japan as well.
It's going to be big in Japan.
Huh?
It's going to be big in Japan.
Is it big in Japan?
I don't know how well those series, or how well music games are still doing in Japan.
Was Rock Band and those other games really selling in Japan?
Rock Band, I don't remember.
I think it did get a release.
It did get a release?
Yeah, yeah.
I don't know.
Well, regardless, if you happen to have a friend in Japan who wants to learn how to play the guitar, Rocksmith 2014 is out this week on November 7th.
Oh my God, you know what I'm suddenly thinking of in my mind?
Rock Band Visual K Edition, where it's all like Malice Miser and... I don't think they localized the music or anything when they put it out there, so...
I just think it would be fun.
Going to the PlayStation Vita Mobile Suit Gundam Seed Battle Destiny Gets a price reduction It's already out But there is a new game called X Tetra Comes out this week On the PlayStation Vita Going to the Wii U this week Nothing But you do get Call of Duty Ghosts next week Since we won't be here next week And Super Mario 3D World in a couple weeks I guess I'll be touching on that again when we come back
and on the Nintendo 3DS this week, Metal Max 4, Geku no Diva, Exetetra comes out there as well and there is a Monster Hunter 4 Hunter Pack limited console bundle out this week as well.
There's also another Tamagotchi game, Seishun no Dream School comes out on the 3DS this week and that does it for Japanese releases.
DarkSakura, how about the UK?
there's a few things in the UK on the 6th we have Call of Duty Ghost for practically everything and Castle Storm for the Sony consoles on the 7th is Wii Sports Club and the 8th is Mario and Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games the end
The end.
Bobby Blackwolf bringing some clarity in chat with Rock Band Japan.
Blackwolf says Rock Band Japan was a thing that failed in development.
They talked about it at their PAX East panel.
Licensing was a mess and they wound up giving up on it.
I thought they got some version of Rock Band in Japan, but maybe it's just, you know, maybe they got our version subtitled.
Yeah, licensing was probably a mess.
Maybe the import store that I see Japanese releases on, maybe they were kind of going the other way and helping Japan get the English version if they so wanted.
Thanks for watching!
but nope Ubisoft decided hey you know what we're gonna put a brand new online pass I'm sorry you play passport um that's gonna be part of Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag and then that you know not only will grant you access I guess to the online portions of the game but it also locks away the game's fleet management system that was part of the single player campaign
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Ubisoft decided, hey, you know what?
We're going to get rid of it.
And we're going to actually start now with Assassin's Creed 4.
So they went ahead and they're going to... I was giving them applause.
They're going to now have that code.
You still have to get the code for the Uplay Passport, but it'll be a free download that you just go to PlayStation Network or the Xbox Live Marketplace and you just download it.
And basically it allows you to do that for free.
and they're not going to have it in any future games.
It says the Uplay Passport was initiated as a means of giving customers full access and support for online multiplayer and features along with exclusive content, bonuses and rewards.
However, games today are blurring the lines between offline and online between single player and Wiz multiplayer.
Come on, man.
It was a single player campaign.
There's no blurring anything there.
and based on that and feedback we received we recognize that the passport is no longer the best approach maybe just because people are calling you out and you're fucking money grubbing you know tactics is what it is you know yeah it's not the approach so now we're just gonna have to microtransaction everything to be continued is basically what I the way I see it so um
Good on them, I guess.
Now we only have to get on Warner Games and Deep Silver.
I mean, seriously, what the fuck with Saints Row 4?
I thought we were done with that when THQ went out of business.
And if it's not Deep Silver, I'm going to blame Volition, those motherfuckers.
Here I thought it was THQ forcing them to hoard the DLC for that game.
Nope, it was them.
Blame the devs.
All right, well, before we get to the classic game of the week, this is, I don't know, words escape me, and I think a lot of us, again, here's another story this week where a lot of us kind of looked at this and went, like, how can this happen?
This is awful.
During this weekend, a lot of folks out there were participating in a charity fundraiser known as Extra Life, which is a video game fundraiser.
It's Gamers Doing Good, which is the stuff we like to report on.
It's raising money for the Children's Miracle Network Hospital.
Well, during the fundraiser, the website for Extra Life came under a DDoS attack, which is what?
Denial of Service?
Directed Denial of Service.
Directed Denial of Service attack, basically meaning a bunch of people hitting it all at once to try and take it down.
I think the first thought that comes with this is, well, was it just too popular and all these people were trying to hit it?
BlackWolf.com
Whatever, alright Anyway Whatever it stands for It's a pretty shitty thing to do to a charity organization Especially when it's gamers trying to do good And, you know, all these people were trying to donate And they couldn't through the site Because everybody that's doing the stream is trying to point people to the site And, you know, they couldn't make the donations So, you know, obviously there was a lot of pissed off people online About, like, how could somebody be so shitty to take down a charity And
and I have a couple schools of thought on this is that one there's shitty people out there period and you know just like we had an unfortunate horrible incident in the real world where a guy went and shot a guy at the airport and shut down LAX for a few hours like how could somebody be that shitty you know there are shitty people out there and we have to do whatever we can to you know stop these people whether that's through getting help or through you know whatever but
Um, I, I, I'm just curious what there is to gain from taking this down because I can't think there would be an internet organization out there that would be like, heck yeah, we screwed over all these sick kids.
Like who would want to take pride in that?
I'm not sure.
There are people who enjoy being assholes.
Yes.
And I, I think it could be, and I don't want to sound like too tinfoil hatty, but it could honestly be a cyber terrorist organization.
Or it could be someone who has a vested interest in making gamers look bad.
That sounds like a script kidding to me.
You think it was just one crazy person that went... I think it's some juvenile kid that's like... My other thought was that maybe they were trying to intercept the credit cards somehow.
Maybe, but I don't know how you... But I would think, you know, again...
I think this whole situation is shitty and I feel shitty for even going here but is it possible that somebody was after the credit card transactions and somebody wanted to get all these instant credit card numbers and things coming in in a very short amount of time people wanted access to that you wouldn't DDOS a site to do that though that would be like installing a Trojan or something or somehow getting access to their database or something DDOSing something is not going to really do anything as far as I'm aware
I don't think anyone's laughing.
No.
It's one thing when maybe they take down CNN.com or hack an LA Times article to say butts, butts, butts, butts or whatever they do.
That's hilarious.
That's one thing.
But charity organization raising money for sick kids, I don't think anybody's going to laugh at that.
That's just a special kind of dickery.
Yeah.
That's exactly the kind of... Well, the whole butts thing is an awesome dickery thing that you could do.
Just macro every single key on your keyboard to type butts when you type it.
BlackWolf says, I think the people who did it were laughing.
I think it's important to make sure that if they're laughing, which, again, what sick individuals would be laughing at this particular situation?
I think it's important that if, for whatever reason, we know these people, we hang out with these people, we talk to these people...
um that we let them know they're sick for laughing at this but if you if you endorse this or you laugh at it too then that's just encouraging it to happen and I think you need to kind of put your foot down and be like this is not okay
I think it was an attention grab.
I mean, seriously, the reason why people do asshole things like that is because they know it's going to rile someone up.
It's the worst kind of troll.
And it's why I don't give PETA any attention anymore.
It's why I hate bringing... I mean, yeah, it's a big thing and definitely needs to be spoken out against, but I also don't want to give these people the time of day.
I'd like to think that all of us and the people who listen to our show wouldn't hang around that kind of person.
Right.
So I definitely... That's why I'm not sitting here going, if you're the person that did this, you're an asshole.
Because I'm like, no, that person's not listening to this program.
But I would like to think that our listeners are decent people who have good taste.
Absolutely.
And definitely at least a higher level of ethics than these people do.
But it is a small world.
I learn that every day.
And even though you might not know somebody directly who is involved with this, you might know someone that knows someone.
So be that change and let people know it's not funny and it's not okay.
So anyway.
All right.
Let's move on.
Let's move on to happier things such as gaming history and the things that brought us to where we are today.
Every week here on the show, DarkSakura likes to take a step into the classic gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you kids out there, you should be playing this video game.
Yeah.
Stop learning how to put butts on the LA Times.
Yeah.
And play this classic game.
DarkSakura, what is the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is Shin Megami Tensei.
Ooh, you'll make a lot of friends with that choice.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
Plus, I have to say that as I have not spoken to my dear friend who is such a fan of this game, Catastrophic Magi, on Steam for a while, I dedicate this one to you because you were the one who introduced me to the series as in-depth as I know it now.
Shin Megami Tensei means True Goddess Reincarnation and I am referring to the first one that came out on October 30th 1992 for the Super Famicom and it is based off of Megami Tensei which is a novel and Famicom game.
This one is the first of the series at least in the Shin Megami Tensei series to be put out by Atlus.
Um, this one in particular starts off, um, it's a first person RPG.
So, in fact it actually is a lot like a, what was the series, Wizardry.
Um, so you go through different dungeons and you have up to six characters and it's turn based, um, uh, a field of vision.
So basically you walk up to the corner, you turn the corner.
You have two types of characters.
You have humans and demons.
And you have to collect demons like Pokemans.
So your human will acquire the demon by either negotiating, bribing, or coercion during a battle.
And then once you have them, you can store them in your computer and summon them for money to use in battle.
And they feed off of a secondary currency called magnetite.
So if your demon is defeated in battle, then they have to be revived.
So like I said, it's got that Pokemon element to it.
It has a method of controlling multiple demons by calling Akuma Gattai, which is demon fusion.
So you can basically use, you can combine your demons to be like this powerful gestalt.
You also have firearms, you have special ammo that goes with it, melee weapons, you have armor, you have only certain things that can be wielded by certain alignments.
And as far as your demons go, each of them have their own different statistics.
Like I said, it's kind of Pokemon-like.
um you have they all have permanent um abilities in this game that changes with the later two and they can't uh yeah be changed at all so um with this your your demons are um
are basically your tools for fighting in the game along with your regular armaments.
You have different types.
You have pixies.
You have angels.
You have all kinds of... You have ghouls.
You have all kinds of different ones.
So the alignment of your demons are two different types.
You have...
Light Neutral Dark and Law Neutral Chaos.
So basically it's kind of a D&D style alignment system.
So you can have True Neutral, you can have Chaotic Dark, which I guess would be like Chaotic Evil.
Law is associated with God, Order, and Peace.
Chaos is with the Devil and Freedom and War.
And then Balance is the Neutral one too.
So your human characters also have alignments as well.
Now, I'm not going to go too much into the stories.
Basically, it's demons on Earth, and they're changing the balance of power, and you have to stop them.
So you have your characters, you have your hero that you name yourself.
In sort of the game Apocrypha, there has been a name given of Kazuya in the Steven Report 1.
There is a heroine, which in that same thing she was given the name Yuka.
You have a law hero, a chaos hero, you have a girl named Yuriko, you have Steven, which is a disabled computer programmer who writes the demon summoning program.
Goto, Ozawa, and then you have just a bunch of characters in this game I'm not going to go into it but those are like the major characters it also was imported later on for the PC Engine Super CD-ROM and Mega CD and then re-released for PlayStation and Game Boy Advance to build hype for Shin Megami Tensei Nocturne
Fumitsu gave it a 30 out of 40.
The original version got a 36 out of 40 from Fumitsu.
There's also a manga spinoff.
It's out in English.
all kinds of stuff and of course we have so many different games now in the series that have come out in English that anyone can enjoy it but I do know for a fact that there's a translated ROM out of the first one so you can find it and play it through whatever means you deem necessary and that's it
and Shin Megami Tensei.
Alright, we're going to take a quick break here and when we come back there's plenty more Orange Launch Radio to come including the Fugle Question of the Week, some rapid fire news and your emails and your phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR and yeah, all that's coming up when we come back after a quick break here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio live on this Sunday evening, November the 3rd, 2013 with episode number 526 of our show.
And we were talking a lot about kind of like this generation of gaming earlier on in the show because we're not going to be here next week.
So when we are back in two weeks...
PlayStation 4 will be out.
And then the week after that, the Xbox One will be out.
So we will be living in the next gaming generation and it'll be interesting to see what the reception is of those systems when they launch.
I'm surprised you didn't play my generation.
Oh, maybe at the end.
Maybe.
Maybe at the end.
Yeah, we always do little break songs here at the Voice of Geeks Network where we do tape live, of course, Sunday nights at 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
And, you know, I hope some night you'll be able to check us out live.
I know we're up against The Walking Dead.
or some award show usually or whatever's going on but you know you could always TiVo those shows but I also know that some people just wait and download us on the podcast which is just fine too we appreciate all you guys that stop and check us out and I'll say this again at the end of the show but we do always appreciate any feedback you guys leave us helping us to spread the word about our show you know whether that be on iTunes like a nice five star review or you know liking us on Facebook and sharing the page or
I don't know if you guys know this, Stitcher now does the reviews and the star ratings.
Stitcher is a great app as well that's gotten a lot of people to be able to access our show without having to worry about downloading and syncing podcasts.
Stitcher is a great application.
Awesome.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chatroom says, speaking of award shows tonight, Bobby Blackwolf says, you were up against the YouTube Music Awards, but apparently those were a big old bag of dicks.
Best Lyric of Our Generation, Chao Ma Ma Ma Main
Yes.
Anyways, so let's talk a little bit about South Park.
South Park, seriously, what's going on with you?
Delayed till March, unfortunately.
And I was so hoping that it would come out in December because there was nothing coming out in December, but
Yeah, and just because it's not done yet, really.
And they showed some gameplay, and I thought it was pretty cool.
Yeah, I'm very much looking forward to this game.
I'm a little disappointed about the delay, but, you know, get it right.
Take the time you need to get it right.
Don't rush it.
It's fine.
When the game comes out, finally, we'll all forget about the delay, so it inevitably happens.
Right, Grand Theft Auto fans?
Yeah.
Speaking of Grand Theft Auto V, 29 million fans have already forgiven it.
And it's already shipped to retail, but they pretty much sold.
And that means, and that's within six weeks.
So a couple more weeks, it will have outsold Grand Theft Auto IV's lifetime sales.
So that's not bad for six weeks.
And last but not least, something I'm kind of excited about, The Seventh Guest 3 is going to be a possible game that will be coming out.
Full motion video and all.
The Seventh Guest, if you're not aware, is a pretty old PC game.
It was a puzzle game.
And the 11th hour.
Yes, the 11th hour of the second game in the series.
They're trying to kickstart a third.
They're looking for $435,000.
Oh my god, is there a reward tier level where I can be in the game in one of those cheesy full motion videos?
Because that's kind of awesome if so.
If I had money, I would so want to do that.
I don't know.
Let me check.
They're at $39,000 right now and they have 35 days to go and
It would like literally be my dream to be one of those corny full motion video actors in one of these games.
Well, $1,000 gets your name on an object in the mansion.
$5,000, your name and likeness in a painting or photograph in the mansion.
You could be in the game, Rob.
It's not the same.
$7,500.
Scary animated portrait of you in the mansion and producer in-game credit.
And no, there is not a way to be an actual...
How can I campaign to be one of the cheesy full motion video actors in the game?
You would have to probably contact the creator and just give them lots of money and say, hey, can I forego all those things that be actually in the game as a character?
Nice.
Nice.
All right.
Yeah.
So if anybody behind that game and that Kickstarter is listening, we'd love to get you on for an interview.
Wink, wink.
Or maybe I can hassle you about being in the game.
Wink, wink.
All right.
I'll do it just as Frank.
All right.
No.
All right.
Moving on.
I'm being a little bit reductive here talking about something I already talked about earlier in the show, but I will mention.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Doesn't Steam always have a Christmas sale?
Or, excuse me, a winter holiday sale or whatever at the end of the year?
Yeah, so, you know, if you really... It is almost Decemberween.
Yeah, if you really have to get it cheap, you have that to look forward to.
But honestly, it's still worth even $20 if you want to play it right now.
Good times.
And, yeah, there it is.
Typing of the Dead Overkill, it is out.
And I'll give a cheap plug for my YouTube channel one more time, Rob Roberts Plays, and you can watch me actually play the first hour or so of the game.
It has been announced that the male Wii Fit trainer will also be a playable character in Smash Brothers for Wii U and the 3DS.
Just like you have, I don't know, you kind of have like Zelda and Sheik are kind of the same, but not really, you know.
That's what they're kind of doing with the trainers.
Model swap.
Yeah, the male Wii Fit trainer is the exact same character as the female one.
It's just like a, it's a costume swap of sorts.
I am so looking forward to beating people up with Power of Yoga.
I think it would have been cooler if they just left the male trainer out.
I know they're just trying to pad the roster, but whatever.
Oh, neat.
And it would be kind of neat for those two versus two matches to like, you know, you could play Wii Fit Trainer versus Wii Fit Trainer, but you guys actually look different and it's not just a palette swap.
That's kind of neat for what it is.
But yeah, little news piece there.
And lastly, a follow-up to an interview we had a couple weeks ago.
You might remember that we had the guy behind Retro Magazine, that Kickstarter, was here on the show.
And he's with Game Gavel as well.
SoCal Mike was what he went by.
and he was trying to raise the money there for Retro Magazine and was having a little bit of a hard time getting coverage because apparently a lot of commercial websites won't run the story because it's competitive and I guess I didn't really realize this but it should be obvious that in these commercial for-profit blogs and things they literally have anti-competitive clauses they will not run a piece that could promote something that competes against it and
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Now hire me
They ended up with $75,000 altogether.
And I believe that was going to cover a couple of the stretch goals.
Dang, look at all these people here.
I'm trying to find it.
Oh, $62,000 was met, meaning everyone gets a collectible sticker with the first print issue and there will be an increased page count.
Yay!
Yay, hire me.
No.
All right.
Anyhow, yeah, so congrats to Retro Magazine.
I look forward to having my first issue.
I did back it.
I kicked back like $35 or so, just enough to get the year subscription to the magazine.
So I look forward to having that strewn on my kitchen table where we table LR very soon.
Along with Kid Icarus Rising and, uh, what's that pink thing?
Uh, what, this man bag of Alice?
No, no, I know what the man bag is.
Oh, this is a little game called Pink Hijinx that I got.
It was in my Gamer X loot bag that I just haven't played yet.
It's like this game involving little pink pyramids.
I thought it was a pink Tootsie Roll, I mean, Tootsie, uh, Hershey Kiss at first.
No, I would have eaten it if that was the case.
Mmm, chocolate.
Mmm, chocolate.
Alright, anyway, less chocolate, more news.
Well, we do have some news.
There was a hack into the Pokemans.
And there are two mega evolutions were released.
We have, let's see what they are.
It was released by Smilam, who created the first homebrew portal game for the DS.
So there is a mega evolution for Latios and Latias.
They are ugly.
I don't know what they're called, but they're kind of butt ugly.
So yeah, if you look online and find them, see if you care.
Also, there is an ESRB rating saying that Gradius V might be going to PS3.
Which, I freaking love me some Gradius V, but that game is some hard shit.
But that would be awesome.
There is a T for Teen rating on it.
So who knows?
I would like to see it there.
Maybe with some goodies, like maybe doing Gradius 2 as a throw-in, you know, because Gradius 2 is the best.
And then Steam has hit a milestone.
65 million active users.
That's a lot of people, Rob.
That's a country.
A small country.
Not a medium-sized country, I'd say.
That is a lot.
That's people.
Way to go, Steam.
Good job.
Congrats.
The winner is you.
Mazel tov.
Didn't they say that that's bigger than Xbox Live now?
Yeah.
Yeah, wow.
Very cool.
All right, let's get to the Fugle Question of the Week, ladies and gentlemen.
You take Facebook, you take Google+, you slam those words together, you get FOOGLE!
Which, by the way, I'm happy to announce, you can reach our Facebook page at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio, but you can now reach our Google Plus page at google.com slash plus orange lounge radio.
Thanks for watching!
Do those things that Google users do.
And when I figure out what that is, I'll let you know.
Just kidding.
Alright, let's... You answer Fugle Questions of the Week.
That's what you do.
And this week's Fugle Question of the Week is probably similar to something we asked before, admittedly, when these systems were first announced.
But...
With us not having a show on 11.10, the next time we have a live show, the PlayStation 4 will be out.
So, this is the last unofficial poll to see what systems our listeners are getting this holiday season.
Are you or do you plan to buy before the end of the year a PlayStation 4, an Xbox One, a Wii U, a 3DS or a Vita, because you know that Zelda XL's got some people re-buying a 3DS or buying one for the first time, or something else or none of the above?
And why?
Did you ultimately decide the way you did?
I will try to read everybody's answers, but some of the longer ones I'm going to cut really short just for time's sake because we did get a lot of answers tonight and I don't want to go on forever.
So I hope you'll understand and read all the answers in their entirety at Facebook or Google+.
Redertainment says, due to project buy a house?
None of the above.
Soutour says none of the above because the PlayStation 3 and Gran Turismo 6 is enough for me for now Sam H says none of the above I have too many current gen games to go buy and play E3VL says already pre-ordered the PlayStation 4 since it's the cheaper console May purchase the Xbox One after it has a price drop to play the exclusives
Actdeft says, I plan on getting a Wii U and upgrading my PC.
Why do I want a Wii U?
I think there's enough games I would actually play, like Super Mario 3D World and Rayman Legends being the main ones.
And Cyberjudge says, I'd planned on purchasing a PlayStation 4, but with recent good and bad news I received, I'm no longer purchasing an next-gen console in the foreseeable future.
I do have a Vita.
I'll end up getting a PlayStation 4 when I am again able.
So that was about half nothing, half mixture of PlayStation 4 and Wii U, Xbox One a little later.
We got a lot of people on Facebook.
Let me try to get through these.
Andy R says, buying a PlayStation 4 at launch, mostly because it's new and shiny and I'm a consumer whore.
That's my reason too.
And hell.
KJ says, I pre-ordered a PlayStation 4.
The timing of the release of the console is my main reason.
I paid off the PlayStation 4 little by little, not in one lump sum.
Xbox One will have to wait for a price drop.
Renji2214 says I'm thinking of getting a Wii U for the holidays this year I haven't seen anything that interests me on PlayStation 4 or Xbox One and with Super Mario 3D World and Mario Kart 9 and the new Smash Brothers next year I think the Wii U has a little more that I'd be interested in
Uh, our old pal 23rd Magus, or what is it?
Drew Nami.
Drew Nami.
Drew Nami replied and said, I know better than to buy a system at launch.
Even the DS took a year before it had more than tech demos.
Uh, Extifer, our pal from Horde House, said we're getting a PlayStation 4, already have a Wii U, no Xbox One yet, no plans to get a 3DS or Vita.
LOL Uya.
He just threw that in there to kick them.
SSJ100Matt says other every year around or on Cyber Monday I spend money that I've saved towards upgrades to my PC I figure if I spend a little money every year I can keep my PC at near optimal settings this year I'm going to get a new graphics card a second monitor whatever's left over will go towards a device to help me stream games
Our friend Syl from Girls Gone Wow.
I love Syl.
I love you, Syl.
She was on this week's Courthouse.
And I love your hair.
It looks so cute.
She's amazing.
And you can hear them at Voice of Geeks Network.
Girls Gone Wow is on our network Wednesdays at 9 a.m.
Pacific, noon Eastern.
They're really early because in the UK it's 5.
I want Syl to kidnap me.
Not the other way around.
I want her to kidnap me.
Fair enough.
Anyhow, Syl says, I really want a PlayStation 4, but can't afford one now.
I'll wait until much later when they have newer versions and I can get it secondhand.
Or perhaps I should just livestream with more cleavage on display so I can get money.
But it's important to note she put a little angry face after that.
What do you call that line underscore line face?
Like the grrr face.
Xbox One hasn't impressed me so far.
Degenerate Johnny says 3DS because of Pokemon XY and I don't want to be pressured into getting the next gen I still have a pile of current gen games I haven't even touched yet when I finish this shrink wrap pile and I'm feeling comfortable moving forward I'll consider a next gen console until then I'd rather bask in the here and now
AZHP says none of the above my backlog of games is so huge that I honestly don't need a new system and none of the games are really drawing me my friend is lending me her 3DS so I can play Ace Attorney but other than that there's nothing I want to play badly enough to buy a system at this time
Burr says, I'm getting both the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One because I have the money to get in on this console launch party madness.
I know it's not the most objectively smart thing to do, but I'm going to enjoy some enthusiasm for the next generation for now.
Well, you know, I think that's a good way of looking at it.
I know this is a lot to be spending, but I'm going to have fun with this.
So that's a good way of looking at it.
JV Monset also says, I'm getting both.
Though the PlayStation 4 had zero interesting games at launch, I believe it has potential in 2014.
CriticalMyth says I cancelled my PlayStation 4 pre-order and I'll be holding off on any new consoles until 2014.
I'm too backlogged on games for my PlayStation 3, Vita, and 360 as it is.
Doug T says I'm buying the PlayStation 4.
My preference is Sony.
I have massive PlayStation 2, 3, and Vita game libraries.
I don't trust their position with Xbox One.
They could change their stance again.
GamerGirl says, I'm not bothering to buy one until further down the road.
I enjoy my PlayStation 3 too much and the first batches always have glitches.
So I'm going to wait.
I don't even have a Wii U. DDRDollarBill says, none of the new systems because none have three must-have games for it.
A general rule I follow.
That's a good rule.
Hitstun says, screw all that.
I want a Retron 5.
I've got plenty of old games.
Those are great.
I still have to finish, and the Retron 5 makes them look nice over HDMI.
That's a very creative answer.
Rationator says, I'm a ways off before I buy an next-gen system.
I want to replace my PlayStation 3 first.
If I were to buy one, I'd lean towards a PlayStation 4.
FifthDream says, I have my PlayStation 4 pre-ordered with release day delivery.
Can't wait for it to arrive.
I've just always liked PlayStation.
I never got PlayStation 3 because I was required to have a 360 for a tech support job and never saw the reason to get both.
BloodDrunk says, none of the above.
Going for a good old-fashioned video card upgrade.
PC is where it's at.
and James S says I have my PlayStation 4 paid off and I'm ready to go as well as the special edition Zelda 3DS and I'm going to ask for a Vita for Christmas along with the new media molecule game Tearaway because that game looks good and the reason is because I'm simply just one giant man child well said considering I'm in a very similar position although I got to admit
I'm starting to waffle a little bit on the PlayStation 4.
I might cancel it.
Because a combination of things.
I think it's the three game rule that one of our listeners said in their response.
And just the fact that I would really be interested in upgrading my PC a little more.
And you start to kind of weigh what's more important.
PlayStation 4 or being able to do more stuff on your PC.
And if I look at where I really spend most of my time gaming, it's on the PC.
So...
Dan and I have had a similar discussion because I'm really working on trying to up my own design stuff.
And I need a computer that's going to handle it better.
Plus, I mean, I play on the PC more than anything anyway.
Just don't be surprised if you guys come back in two weeks on the show and hear that I canceled my pre-order because it's something I'm strongly leaning towards right now.
Like, it's likely going to happen.
Keep in mind, buying a game at launch is not usually a good idea.
Yeah.
All right.
System, I should say.
So that's interesting.
None of us are, assuming I cancel my PlayStation 4, which is the likely case at this point, but y'all, I said on this show right up until the day it came out, I'm not getting a Wii U. I'm not getting a Wii U. And then, of course, what happened about a Wii U?
None of us will own an X-Gen system except my Wii U.
That doesn't count.
The Wii U is not a next-gen system.
I'm sorry.
It could be like a separate parallel dimension system, but it's not a next-generation system.
Regardless of where you place it or how you feel about it.
Does this mean we have to stop doing a video game podcast because we're not gaming enough to be on the cutting edge in the new generation?
No.
No.
No, I also obviously, obviously I agree with you.
I just think it's the realistic position.
I have a PC.
I can run games.
I have a PC.
At least a third to half of those answers were people saying, nope, not right now, or getting systems that are like 3DSs and Vitas and things that are already out there.
Well, and Dan and I already said we're going to wait until there's more stuff out for it that we want.
We're sitting on a $100 gift card that we're going to put to our, we've decided it's going to our PS4.
We're just not getting it yet.
Right.
Besides, I want to make sure there's no shapes or lights of death on anything that I'm planning on purchasing.
I probably, if I get a PlayStation 4 this year, it's going to be because I got it for free.
I'm not actually going to buy one.
I'll want to get one before February of next year when Final Fantasy XIV starts on PlayStation 4.
But, you know, by then I'll have a tax refund I can spend on it, too.
So it's something I have to put in perspective.
Yeah.
Keep in mind, guys, I know we've been doing this podcast a long time, and some of you have stuck by us a very long time, and I really, really appreciate that, but the reality is we don't make our lives off this show, and people ain't giving us free shit all the time.
Once in a great while, we are extremely lucky to get a review copy of a game from an independent studio or something, but the reality is it's not like they're shipping us free consoles and things like that.
So just like you have to think about, do I have the money to spend on this console?
We have to ask ourselves the same question, and sometimes the answer is,
No, I'd rather spend the money on a ticket to Atlanta so I can go to DragonCon next year.
You know, type of thing.
Or whatever it is.
Alright.
Anyhow, moving on.
Let's get into some more news and then we'll get to our phone calls pretty soon here at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
You can yell at me for changing my mind if you want.
Although I'm not, again...
MindCon
Apparently, if you have the PC or Mac version of it, you will be able to soon stream to Twitch straight from the game.
And you'll be able to link your Twitch TV account to the actual game and it'll allow you to stream, I guess, natively.
Which I think is kind of interesting.
and of course, I guess you'll be able to do it on the Xbox One as well because I think they're going to have Twitch integration, but that's kind of something separate.
Speaking of the Xbox, there is some new DLC coming and yet another reskin of the game.
much like the Mass Effect Minecraft mod that they had.
Now they have the Elder Scrolls Skyrim texture set.
It comes with 40 character skins, themed menus, user interface, and craftable items.
Also 20 songs from Skyrim as well.
And the best part about it is it comes with a pre-made map that I guess recreates areas of Bleak Falls Barrow, Whiterun, and Riverwood.
So that's pretty sweet.
That is pretty neat.
I need to check out some of these themed DLCs they have going on on Xbox because I know they have the Mass Effect one.
I never checked that out, but the Skyrim one sounds cute too.
Yeah, so I think it's pretty sweet.
at some point I need to go back to Minecraft but I just I'm too busy with Grand Theft Auto alright moving on to information about Wii Sports Club remember Wii Sports Club this is the thing they're doing on Wii U that's kind of the reinvention of what many were saying were the game of last generation Wii Sports and I had no idea about this but there was a article they run called Owada Asks that was talking about the release of Wii Sports Club and he said quote
I'm sorry, actually this is not Iwata that said this, but this is developers behind the game, Kozo Makino and Takayuki Shimamura said about Namco Bandai being involved in the development of this.
I had no idea they were involved.
But Makino says, we asked Namco Bandai Studios to develop it, so I first participated as a coordinator, but in the end I got into just about anything.
I mainly worked on the network aspect of the game, but at times I made suggestions on how some features should turn out to be.
And Shimomura says, from the middle of development, Makino-san and Suzuki-san were also working as full-fledged planners.
We did ask Namco Bandai Studio to develop the game this time, but staff in Nintendo's Network Development and Operations Department, the Software Planning and Development Department that those two are in, and EAD also chipped in.
So that's kind of neat that Namco Bandai is involved.
Confirmed, Pac-Man a playable character.
No, I'm just kidding.
That's not confirmed.
I'm a little disappointed that Nintendo chipped in on the network portion of it.
Don't worry, Rob.
Rob, don't worry.
This is plan B. You do understand.
This is plan B because remember, this holiday, they do have a brand new Wii U SKU that has the new Super Mario Bros.
U and new Luigi U as well.
If that fucking fails and can't sell the game system, you better believe they are going to include this with the next SKU that comes out to try to drive sales.
Oh, I'm sure.
and they just dropped the price in Nintendo Land pretty heavy too, right?
Didn't they drop that down to 29 bucks this week, I think happened too?
Or it's coming up very soon?
Yeah, well, if it's not the packing game anymore too, you know, it's gotta, you know, getting its price dropped would really help it sell.
One other interesting note.
You may not want to read too much into this, but there's a Wii U exclusive trailer that Nintendo has.
It's for the 2013 and 2014 lineup that shows Wii U exclusives.
Bayonetta 2 was in the trailer at one time.
It's not there now.
Some people are reading into this that, uh-oh, it slipped to 2015.
I don't know.
I think people might be reading a bit too much, especially the people that are saying, oh, well, this means it's no longer exclusive.
No, they've said many times this game would not be happening if it wasn't for Nintendo, and it's going to be exclusive.
So, yeah.
But it could just be that there's nothing new to show.
You know, they want to keep the game a secret.
I don't know.
But it honestly wouldn't surprise me whatsoever if it's going to be pushed back all the way to 2015.
Wouldn't surprise me.
I hope they have a strong enough 2014 lineup to keep selling Wii U's.
I'm sure they've got something under their hat.
Maybe the Zelda game will be this year.
It'll probably be this year.
Yeah, maybe the Zelda game will come out sooner than we think.
I'm still thinking holiday next year.
I don't think it's going to be any sooner than that.
I'm pretty sure it's all hands on deck for Zelda Wii U, but we'll see.
Anyway, let's move on.
DarkSakura.
Well, in other news, we do have...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It's always fun to hear about new games coming out for old consoles.
There's still love out there for it.
I love when people do Dreamcast games.
Yeah, right?
I want some of them still.
Actdeft in our chatroom reminds me of a very obvious Nintendo game I should have remembered for 2014, Smash Bros.
I'm sure that's a given for next year too.
I think that'll finally be done.
That'll be good.
And Mario Kart 8.
Yeah, there's Mario Kart 8.
Wasn't there a rumor that it is, I think the date was out there, April 25th, I want to say?
Granted, that was a UK date, if I'm not mistaken.
But isn't that later than it was originally said?
And remember I said when Donkey Kong got delayed, it could have been a sign that Mario Kart was delayed too?
I think they have a... They're probably going to try to make sure they have a release every month.
So they've got Donkey Kong in February.
There's still no real date for... I mean, say if Wii Fit U, they have the meter out for that, but they don't actually have a physical bundle for it yet that's been announced.
Unless that's December, because there's really nothing in December.
Gran Turismo, it's your month!
Oh yeah, don't forget Wii U owners.
If you have a balance board, Wii Fit U is out.
Yeah.
I should check that out at some point.
And if you have a balance board, you already pretty much have Wii Fit U. I mean, it's only a little bit different.
You have to buy a meter, though.
So make sure you get your Fit Meter thing.
I'm trying to think what else there was.
Smash Bros.
and Mario Kart.
I mean, those are supposed to be at some point.
And then...
has a tendency though to kind of surprise us with little things you know and they're doing their own thing now with these Nintendo Directs they they're not adhering to any schedule for release of news I mean granted they'll save some of their biggest stuff for E3 week but I wouldn't be surprised if they don't do a press conference again next year and do what they did this year so anyway let's move on with some other news all right Loki Final Fantasy 14 doing pretty well now that they rebooted has it gone up a level
Yes, I'd say 1.5 million registered accounts.
That's not bad.
I'd say that's worth the reboot.
DarkSakura's doing the Final Fantasy 1 victory animation with the hands up and down.
You know what just went into my head was the Brental Floss thing.
You just got pwned, FTW.
so yeah that's cool and definitely I think it'll be neat when the PlayStation they say the PlayStation 4 beta version is planned to launch I guess the same day as the Japanese PlayStation 4 so February yep cool very cool
Yeah, we just heard not that long ago there was a million Final Fantasy XIV, so it's going up in subscribers.
That's going to make this year's BlizzCon very interesting because this MMO, Final Fantasy XIV, has still got some steam behind it.
Now, granted, you had Star Wars and you had Rift and some of these other ones too, but Blizzard, I wonder if they're starting to feel the pressure this year.
There's a lot of pressure to make or break World of Warcraft this year.
DarkSakura,
Good luck.
That's just going to be hard to do anyways, even if it was an excellent game.
I don't think anyone really cares.
Same with WoW.
There's a lot of other things competing for attention out there in the MMO space.
They have to do something to really interest people in playing it.
I just don't think they're really doing that a lot anymore.
Dragon Quest Monsters Joker 2 Dragon Quest Monsters Joker 2
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Dragon Quest X Dragon Quest X
and so a lot of people are like oh well if Reggie wants it you know he can he can make that happen so I don't know if he solely can make that happen but I'd be a fan of seeing some of these remakes come out over here I'm very curious about Dragon Quest X I'm kind of sad that just didn't happen so
Who knows?
By the way, this is the stuff now that Operation Rainfall and that whole group has their eyes on.
Because they've got nothing left on their original three.
They all came out.
They got their way.
So now they're hoping to get this as well.
So, good luck.
Hope Nintendo listens to you guys because I'd like to see it.
Well, speaking of listening to you guys, every week you guys can email us at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and DarkSakura, she dives into the mailbag and picks out an email or two to read for you guys here on the show.
Or if it's like last week, there'll be five emails.
No, it's just one and I had to use my radioactive gloves to slip through the Mandarin text.
Yes, we're still getting the spam.
All right, so we've got one email tonight.
One.
All right, well, what is it?
With Twitter links, and I'm just going to go ahead and read this.
Hi, OLR.
In light of Nintendo's recent closure of Swapnote, I'd like to bring to your attention some funny as hell comments made by Sony Computer Entertainment Prez, Shuhei Yoshida.
Enjoy.
And the first one says... Do you want me to read these?
Because I know you're on your iPad.
Sure.
Sure.
Okay, the first one is a reply to somebody saying, oh, okay, Yoshida says, thanks for the feedback to the lack of MP3 and DLNA supported the launch of PS4.
I'll share with the PS4 dev team for future consideration.
And somebody replied to that, I need to listen to porn whilst playing Battlefield.
And Yoshida replied to that, I know.
Okay.
And then there was another tweet where somebody tweeted at him, Hey, I want to know why my dick got caught in my PlayStation 3's disc tray when I tried to play Killzone Shadowfall on my PlayStation 3.
It really hurts.
And yes, I tried turning it on and off again.
Yoshida replied, Shut up.
To which the original guy replied, K. That's cute.
Also, please pardon me for a brief Orange Lounge Foodio tangent, but do you guys have a Del Taco in the area?
Yes, we have plenty of them.
There's literally one up the street from OLR Studios, and you better bet I go there all the time.
They have some great chicken tacos, and this is true.
Signed, The Nasty Canasta.
One of my favorite handles.
It always makes me think of strip poker, but it's Nasty Canasta.
It's the Nasty Canasta.
Nasty Canasta does need a theme song, huh?
Yeah, I need to... It should be like... It should be like, I don't know... Like something set to a Burt Bacharach song or something.
Well, Nasty Canasta kind of makes me think like Copacabana, which makes me think of those.
So I don't know, when I go... Because we love to use Bomani songs for things, so I kind of think of this song.
That's the Nasty Canasta song now.
You're not sponsored by Del Taco.
We're sponsored by Pinkberry.
I wish.
I wish we had official sponsorship.
I want sugar-free Pinkberry.
They had a new app come out this week, but I'm not going to plug it because they don't sponsor us.
Hey, Pinkberry.
Free samples over here.
All right.
Even though I cannot partake of your deliciousness for a while.
Okay.
There you go.
So that was our email.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
You guys didn't make DarkSakura work very hard this week.
Actdeft, why it's all taco and not of taco?
Because, you know, Americans gotta be stupid.
So.
All right.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
And you have a week.
You have an extra week this week.
And you had an extra hour last night to really fill up that mailbag.
I'm going to sleep.
What, during the show next week?
Yeah.
Oh.
Because we're not having one.
That's right.
I'm going to sleep.
All right.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
Because before we can sleep, we have to get all the angst out of our system.
So we'll do the FUs of the week.
FU to my state of unemployment and not hearing back on the one I really wanted to hear back on at all.
Yeah, this is an FU to that and also being sore from the gym because I want to go back tomorrow.
And Tom Nook because he's an ass.
Loki?
I guess, after the fact, I guess I have to have my wisdom teeth out.
So that's going to be fun.
Oh god, that's right.
Are you going to miss a show because of that?
Or you don't know yet?
I hope your situation isn't like mine was.
Because you remember my wisdom teeth coming out, don't you?
Yeah, yeah.
I got mine out when I was a teenager, so it's no big deal.
I've got pictures of it where I look like I've been in a prize fight for three months.
Gross.
I hope yours is better.
I win as the what lady?
I win as the what lady?
What?
Where were some of the other costumes there?
Uh...
Alan and somebody else ended up as the ridiculously hot photogenic runner guy.
So it was really funny that they duplicated the costume.
That was really funny.
Slagkick from Game Buoy was doing funeral selfies.
He was doing selfies at funerals.
So of course he walked over to me and took a picture of me and put hashtag this bitch soon.
By the way, I have to tell you, a trick-or-treater did come to my door dressed as an internet meme.
Oh, yeah?
He was wearing one of the Rage Comics shirts, wearing a horse head.
He was an internet meme.
Nice, nice.
Well, and the other one, I would say Captain Spike, also from Gamebuoy.org, he wore this gray hoodie, but he had it stuffed with pillows so he was round, and he had a little Barbie doll swinging on a chain.
He was the wrecking ball.
Get it?
Get it?
I thought it was funny.
And he kept saying all night how comfortable he was because he had the built-in pillows and I was laughing.
There you go.
Grandpa did not dress up.
So he said something really, as Grandpa tends to do if you've ever listened to Horde House, he said something really unpolitically correct later on in the evening, so he said he was a YouTube commenter.
So that's that.
So anyway, I don't remember why I was telling that story, but oh yes, because we got tacos last night while I had been drinking.
And I'll tell you what, there is no better food when you've been drinking than tacos.
Unless they come from Jack in the Box.
F you to the fact that I'm too fat and need to eat less tacos.
You should try some of that vodka.
Oh yeah, I was supposed to have some of that at the start of Part B, huh?
Well...
We'll see.
Rab.
Rab vodka.
Maybe I'll do a shot for each call we get tonight to try to entice you.
Everyone call.
Do I have to mix it with anything or do I just take it as shots?
It's already mixed.
It's infused with juice.
Nice.
All right.
Let's go to a couple more stories, and then we'll open up the phones and take some calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Loki.
So Sony has now announced a new Sony Rewards plan.
Apparently it allows you to earn points for money that you spend on the PlayStation Store.
for every dollar spent you earn one point and each of those points equals up to be about one penny versus you know towards something else so for example if you want to get a brand new playstation 3 game or playstation 4 game for $59.99 it's going to cost you $5,999 um
Granted, there are other ways you can earn money, or points I should say, in there.
Not just with purchasing stuff, but you can also, I think they have money spent on, for every dollar you spend on the Sony store, every dollar you spend on the PlayStation store, when you upload your ticket stubs for Sony Pictures movies, and also registered DVDs and Blu-ray discs,
They're also going to have promotions through retail partners.
Also, if you sign up for offers, you earn 100 points.
Buy a PS3 bundle, you earn up to 270 points.
For movie tickets, you earn up to 400 points.
I'm not sure if that's per ticket or whatever, but right there, that's a good way there.
Basically, for every 1,000 points, you earn a $10 PlayStation Store code.
and then 250 points for buying the year of PlayStation Plus.
So yeah, lots of ways to earn points and they have rewards including, you know, not just games and stuff but you can also get Sony products and they have like other things, digital downloads, music, you know, movie tickets.
VIP experiences, they say.
Oh, yay.
So, you know, prostitutes, I guess.
That's what I'm led to believe in.
Pole dances.
Good times.
Hunting human beings, you know, that kind of stuff.
Awesome.
All right.
Hey, this is a new story about a free game, so listen up.
This is a game that came out on the Super Nintendo in the mid-90s.
It's called Blackthorn.
Oh, God, that game.
Do you remember this game?
Yes, I do.
I have that game.
Blackthorn is one of them.
And what's interesting is if you have a Battle.net account, you can go get Blackthorn from Blizzard for free.
That's it.
Once you've downloaded the game, it's yours to keep.
It's a free game.
I'm going to speculate here it's to try and get more people on their Battle.net downloader because if they can give away, you know, this, you know, they're not making any money off this anymore.
You mean all that crap I uninstalled?
Well, but if you were to go download the Battle.net downloader so you can get Blackthorn, then hey, how easy is it to get a Hearthstone on your computer when that comes out, which is probably this week during BlizzCon, and how easy is it to get a StarCraft downloader
Check that out at battle.net
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
The vodka is actually actual potato vodka that I filtered myself.
And this one has, I believe, plum, nectarine, and a couple of other fruits in it.
I don't remember.
I made it a while back.
So it's pretty potent.
Nice, alright, so the sky plane's open, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio And I will do a shot for each call that we get tonight Everyone call You can't just call in and say, I'm only calling because I want you to do a shot You have to tell us something We've had a lot of topics tonight, including the games of the generation and so forth So there's plenty to discuss And I have my shot glass here, I have a tall shot glass Alan collects shot glasses, and I just happened to grab this one, it says Canada on it So I guess, shout out It will be a polite shot
It will be.
It will be a very polite shot.
Shout out to all our Canadian listeners up north.
I know at least one of the guys from Video Game Realness.
They're all Canadian.
They're in Toronto.
I know at least one of them listens pretty regularly.
And Alan, wait, since you're walking by, where's this shot glass from?
Is this when you went to Toronto?
that's when he went to Toronto Alan went to Toronto once and we really really want to go well I've never been I've only been to Vancouver so I really want to go back to Toronto oh wait I lied when I was 17 I went to Niagara Falls but you know that wasn't seeing very much of Canada so I really want to go to Toronto so I know we've got listeners up there so these shots are for you guys if anybody calls
Oh no, the phone line's not lighting up.
It's going to be a sober night tonight.
Call.
Let's have some new voices.
Going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
We're talking about food.
Are they talking about food?
We're talking about restaurant chains and where they are in the country.
I noticed somebody said Rax Roast Beef earlier.
I was like, oh my god, that's a blast from the past.
You know what was a big blast for me that I don't have anymore was Kenny Rogers Roasters.
That's a thing?
Yeah, it's basically like Boston Market.
It's almost exactly the same.
So in Boston Market, I was like, oh, that's neat.
That is awesome.
All right, we are starting to get some calls here, so let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Science Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is TechQ.
Hey, TechQ?
TechQ?
Yes.
What is on your mind, TechQ?
Oh, wait, first, before I get to what's on your mind, let me hold on.
Oh, God, this bottle's hard to open.
Hold on.
Did everyone hear that?
Will you talk to TechQ for me, DarkSakura, while I pour a shot here?
Rob is pouring himself some pink liquor.
So what do you have to talk about tonight?
I wanted to comment about the News of the Generation that you did earlier.
Y'all forgot to mention the Red Ring.
360.
Yeah, there was the red ring.
Oh, yeah, the 360 red ring.
Mm-hmm.
Why do you... I mean, obviously, I can answer this too, but why do you feel this was a defining moment of the generation?
I think it affected, like, 90% of all 360s that were sold up to a point until they finally admitted that it was shoddy...
Hardware that they sold I would hope they would They wouldn't get my money
if I were going to get an X-Bone.
What are your thoughts on the upcoming generation?
I know we had the Fugo question of the week earlier.
Are you jumping in on any of these new consoles?
Are you taking a wait-and-see approach or what?
Since I traded in my 360, why not get a PS4 cheap?
But that is interesting that you traded in the Microsoft console to get the Sony console.
What weighed in on that decision?
Was that just about price or what?
um it's basically before they did the 180 mantra back in before in July I was just disgusted with them on their policy especially on the the used game DRM crap that they try to pull so it was probably one of those things where by the time they reversed course it was too late you'd pre-ordered your PS4 right yeah yeah makes sense all right well uh Tech Q anything else you want to share with us tonight
Don't get too drunk.
Don't get too drunk.
It has yumminess in it, I'll tell you that.
But we've got, surprise, surprise, now we're getting tons of calls.
We've got another call coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Ranma, and I am going to do a shot with you.
Fuck yes.
Alright, DarkSakura's my bartender right now.
She's pouring me a shot.
She's such a good friend.
She not only makes me the liquor, but then she pours it out for me.
That's a true friend right there.
Yes, yes, indeed.
I have my whipped cream vodka right here.
When I'm old and in a wheelchair, she'll be switching out my IV bag with liquor.
Alright, here we go, I got the shot, you ready buddy?
Shit, I just took a shot, let me do another one, okay, whenever you're ready Alright, let me know when you're ready Ready One, two, three Down in one
Good times.
Does it burn nicely?
That's good.
I left a drop in the glass.
Oh, you can't have that.
My bad.
All right.
Now that that's taken care of, what's on your mind, buddy?
I'm just amused by the whole PlayStation FAQ.
It just amuses the living shit out of me.
It's like...
When the prior gen came in, it was like, it can play video games, it can do this, this, and that.
And I'm like, can it play Street Fighter?
Yes, but it can also do this.
Can it play Street Fighter?
Yes, it can play Street Fighter.
Thank you.
PlayStation 4, it can only play Street Fighter.
But I want to do all of this.
But you can only play Street Fighter.
But I want to do this.
Well, you should have kept your prior gen console now, shouldn't you?
That sounds too much like a Microsoft line.
See, that's the funny part.
It's like when Microsoft came out the gate running their mouth with everything that they're going to do.
Everyone had their guns ready.
They were going to Microsoft's castle and just hang Dracula.
And Sony's like, they're like Gendo.
They're like, we're just going to wait this out.
Now they're waiting it out.
And Sony's like, we're going to do a little bit of this.
We're going to do a little bit of that.
We're going to do a little bit of this.
And the people are like, wait a minute.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and DarkSakura.com
True, true.
I can't hate on them for that, but I'm amused where they're saying no DLNA.
My train of thought is, well, you know what?
If I can't watch my anime on the PlayStation 4, I'll just fire up my PlayStation 3.
I kind of feel like that's one of the first things you're going to see get reversed.
I really think they're listening, and I think they're going to come back and be like, whoa, we didn't realize people were going to make a big deal out of this and miss this.
So I kind of suspect you're going to see it.
I believe it, I believe it.
It's just a little bit of time, which is why I am not running out in the next 12 days to buy one.
And that's also part of the reason, I mean, not just the video, it's just the expense and everything and the whole fact that, you know, the games are disappearing that I was going to pick up.
Well, from the trailer, I mean, when the promo for the console...
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Not just me, because as GF Day I can tell you, I'm more of a Mario Kart whore than anything else.
No.
Yes and no, but I'll tell you this now.
F-Zero on 3DS would be sick.
Because we've played F-Zero.
The game plays a lot faster than Mario Kart.
It's a lot faster speed.
It's tighter controls.
I mean, like I said, I have the XL.
And there's no fucking blue shells.
Exactly.
I mean, all the 3DS games I play on the XL now...
They feel a lot more surreal, a lot more in-depth, and I have a lot more fun playing them.
So, F-Zero on that, Mario Kart on it, I'm sold.
I'm like, yes.
Alright.
Alright, well, I don't know about you, Ranma, I'm starting to feel this liquor a little bit.
Feels good.
Not me, man.
And I shouldn't even be taking another shot, because I gotta get up at 6.30 for work, and I have a near 90-minute commute to work now.
You have a way better tolerance than I, that's all I can say.
I will send you some of my liver powers.
Well, my liver powers have been dared through Patty because she's heavy-handed when she pours.
So, Rob, when you come out here to the East Coast, you'll spend a week with her.
When you come back, you'll have an iron liver.
I really am hoping to get back out to New York in 2014.
It is one of the goals.
If for nothing else than to see NPH and Hedvig.
That's got to happen.
Worst case scenario, send a box.
As who?
Hedvig.
Willie.
Yes.
Ooh.
I know, right?
All right.
I want to send two boxes now, huh?
All right, buddy.
I'm going to let you go so we can get some more calls.
You got it.
Stay fabulous.
Take care.
Of course.
Stay black.
Of course, brother.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
You know, the New York – I love the New York listeners of Orange Lounge Radio.
It's a fun group and it's been way too long.
I want to go back out there.
Speaking of the New York Orange Lounge radio listeners, I know this guy hasn't listened for a while, but I just saw this in chat.
SJ100Matt said this in chat and I was like, no way, really?
Apparently Sephiroth1215 won one of the PlayStation 4s through Taco Bell.
Yeah.
Nice.
So congrats.
I think that's awesome.
I just want to win tacos, really.
Yeah?
Yeah, just tacos.
I'm starting to feel a little bit like spinny.
These are spinny.
And look.
Pouring another.
Skypline's lighting up.
Pretty soon I'm not even going to be able to click on the answer button.
Hi, you're on Orange Eyes Radio, who's this?
Hey, this is Actdeft.
Hey, Actdeft, hold on, we'll get to your call in a minute, but there's something I gotta do first.
Yeah, we have a name for that, when you drink a shot, it's called Hidalgo.
When you take a shot of public glass, so yeah, do it.
What does it mean, Hidalgo?
Hidalgo, it's a name, it's...
It's actually the name of one of the founding fathers of the nation.
So Hidalgo.
I don't know where the name comes from for taking a shot, but it's something I've heard throughout the years.
You know what?
Fair enough.
I gave a shout out to the Canadians earlier, so this one goes out to my Mexicans down below.
Here we go.
And I did put the stuff in a Petron bottle.
What?
There you go, Actdeft.
Does it count that I put it in a Patron bottle?
Perhaps.
Alright, what's on your mind, buddy?
I took the shot.
What's up?
Well, I wanted to talk about the influential game of the generation, or most influential.
Yeah, what do you believe is the most influential game of the generation?
Portal.
Portal.
Oh yeah, you mentioned this in chat earlier, and Jamie somewhat agreed with you.
It was her number two pick.
Why did you pick Portal?
Basically, while Portal didn't do anything that, well, how to say, that special or that original, besides the portals or the physics in the game, that's something that we already seen in other games, especially like Half-Life and stuff like that.
But it was influential because of the storytelling, basically.
Most of the games after Portal try to imitate something in the storytelling in them.
Like games, at least in a more serious and more detailed, well, not detailed, sorry.
I'm trying to gather my words.
That's all right.
Was that because of GLaDOS, you think?
Like, you know, everybody loves that character.
Yeah, part of that, and part of Shell being mute, it's basically like playing Zelda or playing Mario where the main characters are mute, but since this is a first-person game,
Game, so basically they're talking to you, so it's a more personal maybe.
And all the experience around it, because it's like, especially because of that, it's a first person, it's a most personal, sorry, more personal experience all around.
You're the one doing the stuff, all the stuff happens to you directly, so it's
A lot of games after Portal have kind of imitated that.
Not maybe in a first-person perspective, but more in what happens in the decisions that you make or the other stuff that you do in the game.
Well, basically, it's you.
You know what also was great about first-person shooters?
I'm starting to slur a little bit.
You know what was great about Portal besides just what you're talking about, like the immersion and all that?
The thing that was great about Portal is that it was a first-person shooter game for people that hate first-person shooters.
Yeah, basically.
I mean, really.
Everybody I know that hates first-person shooters still loves Portal because it's more a puzzle, obviously, but yet it is that first-person game.
and especially that because I got the orange box on the 360 basically for Portal.
I didn't finish even the Half-Life 2 and didn't even start episode 1 and 2.
I played Team Fortress and I still play it.
That's a game I enjoy.
But basically I got the orange box
Because of Portal, and I played a hell of a lot of it.
I have three different copies of it.
Two on the Xbox.
I got the Orange Box and Still Alive.
And then I got the copy on Steam.
So I love that game a lot.
Like you said, it's an immersive game.
It's totally immersive.
And like I said, a lot of games have tried to replicate that immersion.
and succeed in it.
Not all of them, but that's basically the legacy Portal has handed down to gaming.
And I think it's a pretty important thing in this generation and probably in the next.
And, and, and, very important with Portal and Jonathan Colton.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Well, Actdeft, I'm going to let you go so we can wrap up the show.
But thank you so much for your call, buddy.
Thank you.
All right.
Take care.
All right.
That does it for calls tonight.
Oh, I know.
More of you wanted to call in to get me to take more shots.
But you guys, it's a school night.
I got to work tomorrow, and I'm already feeling a little bit tipsy.
So I asked the bartender to call me off.
To call it off.
Close it down.
Shut it down.
Cut you off.
Cut me off.
That's what I was looking for.
And I got you water because I'm nice.
You are a good friend.
I would help you hide bodies.
Would you hold my head over the toilet?
I'd hold your hair back if you had enough.
I'm talking about long hair.
Jerk.
Rob.
You know I have a complex about that.
No.
I'm just kidding.
I don't.
But it's funny.
So I learned something today.
Okay, what?
I learned what they call a comb over in Japan.
A barcode hair.
I don't like that look at all.
Yeah, it's kind of bad, but I still thought that was a funny thing.
There is nothing wrong with rocking the bald look as far as I'm concerned.
You know what?
Are you going to shave it off?
No.
No.
See, I think it's distinguished.
I'm gonna rock what God gave me.
You need, like, black-rimmed glasses.
I do have glasses.
No, you need, like, mine.
Like yours?
Like mine.
Can I try on your glasses right now?
I guess.
I'll have to take a picture of it.
Okay, that's fine.
Does my hair look okay?
I don't even know.
Alright, what little hair I have?
I don't have any face diseases or anything.
Oh my God, you're a blind woman.
Alright, hey, internet.
This is great radio.
It's done.
I'm going to put it up on the... Oh lordy.
I know.
I'm really, really freaking nearsighted.
Wait, wait.
I have to approve.
I have to approve the picture.
Oh fuck, Rob.
This is important.
That's great.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
BlackWolf says, hey, you could take a picture with your 3DS and send it out via swap.
Oh, never mind.
Womp.
Womp.
Womp.
Womp.
All right.
That is going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
There were no tweets tonight that I saw that were stories or anything.
So if you want to tweet us for a future week, Twitter.
Excuse me.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
I'm a little scatterbrained right now because I just had three shots in a very short amount of time and I have no alcohol tolerance to begin with I want to thank all you guys for listening to the show and encourage you to keep spreading the word about Orange Sounds Radio we appreciate all the feedback and all the good stuff you guys leave out there for us
Sorry we won't be here next week, but you know what?
Once in a while we're going to take a week off.
It happens.
If you are going to be at BlizzCon, I'm unfortunately not going to the convention itself, which I talked about why on a previous episode of the show.
But I will be at the World of Podcasts event.
That's Thursday night.
I will be there as will Grandpa from Horde House.
So come find us and say hello.
I swear we are very open and don't be shy.
We're really friendly.
And we'll probably be at the bar.
so I'll probably be a little out of it like I am right now and that makes me extra friendly so come see us at World of Podcasts otherwise you'll have to catch me at DizCon the next day so for those of you that are going to BlizzCon for the rest of you we'll see you in two weeks back here on November 17th when we will be living in a world with the PlayStation 4 and soon the Xbox One yes a new era of gaming a new era of Orange Island Radio in a way even though none of us are going to get it but I imagine we'll all be playing somebody else's at least you know what we need to do we need to have a PS4 QQ party
That would be fun.
And we'll just play PlayStation 1 games all night.
Jumping Flash Marathon.
I thought of Jumping Flash 2.
This is why we're friends.
You have to play PlayStation 1 games on your PS3 because it's 1 plus 3 and there you go.
I like the way you think even though it's kind of ridiculous.
But that's why we keep you around.
I still have to get a battery for the Saturn.
I've been telling Dan to bring one home from work and he hasn't.
Alright, we're gonna wrap up the show.
Thank you guys very much.
I guess we gotta go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
I feel like I'm forgetting something at the end of the show, but it's just because things are spinning a little bit right now.
So, Loki, your final thought tonight.
I wonder if the memory card adapter for the PlayStation 3 that they had at launch or whatever works with the Pocket Station.
Wait, did you have last minute stories?
I forgot to ask you.
No.
I can't have last minute stories.
Who does last minute stories anymore?
It's November.
DarkSakura, your final thought tonight.
Words.
My final thought tonight is Disneyland.
I missed you.
Duffy.
Yes, and Duffy.
And DarkSakura gets to babysit because she's my friend.
You're a good friend.
Yeah, we need to work out the details.
You get me drunk and then you babysit my cat.
Alright.
Have a good week, everybody.
Enjoy the week off.
We will be back in two weeks.
So during the week off, we really encourage you to check out other great independent podcasts because there's a lot of great stuff out there.
And without the three hours you have with us next week, that's at least three one-hour shows you could be listening to from some other hardworking independent podcasters.
So please keep supporting independent podcasting.
Thank you guys very much for tuning into our show and have a wonderful night.
We will see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
and I have to buy myself more time while I look for the outro.
I can't even find the outro in this list.
Where is it?
Is it gone?
There it is.
All right.
Let's try that again.
Have a great week, everybody.
We'll see you in two weeks here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Jason, take us out.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
See you next week. .
