Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Hot on the heels of the Playstation 4, Microsoft releases the Xbox One Million. No, Xbox releases the Microsoft One. I mean, millionaires buy one Xbox. You know what I mean. And if you don't, just stay tuned. This, Nintendo, and all your comments begin right now.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. Episode number 528 for this November the 24th of 2013.
You're here and we're here to talk about video games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle. And it's me, Rob Roberts, and my co-hosts not here tonight, unfortunately, the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers. She has the night off. You know, we are getting into that busy holiday period. She had some family stuff going on tonight she had to attend.
But, he is joining us in the studio. Say hello to Tech Master, Loki!
Hi. How you doing, Loki? I'm back playing cookie clicker again, I guess. I thought you swore that off last week. I did, but then I realized you could prestige in it. So you get, you know, I guess you get some heavenly chips or some bullshit. You got sucked right back in.
Yeah, it's just because I had nothing better to do right now. Are you an achievement whore? Is that what this is about? No, it's because I had nothing better to do while we were playing or waiting for the show to start. Because I was going to start Fallout New Vegas and I have that installed. I just haven't got a chance to play it yet. So, you know, I don't have time to start New Vegas right now. So, you know.
So, why not click some cookies? Yep. Then you'll find a new time waster game after that, who knows. Alright, joining us here tonight, helping to fill in for host since we are down Dark Sakura tonight. You guys should be familiar with this guy by now. After all, he is the voice of the show. Say hello to Jason!
I may not be the happiest bunny on the farm, but I certainly am the gassiest.
Ew. No. We haven't referred to Dark Sakura as the happiest bunny on the farm since like episode 31 or something. I don't know. Don't you usually intermingle that every once in a while? I swear to God. Not for the past like seven years. Maybe. I don't know.
She used to be obsessed with that little happy bunny, but then happy bunny is all over like Hot Topic and everywhere. Like, you know, it was kind of like Hipster. She was more hipster with happy bunny and then like she liked it before it was cool. But I will back her up on that. She really did.
But now it's everywhere, so we don't really do that anymore. But how are you, Gassy Bunny? You better watch out or you'll get that nickname. How are you?
I'm quite exhausted. It's been a surprisingly non-gamey but still kind of gamey but also lots of movement in the literal sense this week.
Oh yeah, you've been traveling around everywhere, right? Lots of travel. My employer, coworkers of mine participate in a corporate league and the opponents did not come up with enough players to play this week.
And everybody still had all their gear and dressed up and they wanted to play soccer anyways, so I went out to the field to scrimmage with them and subsequently ached for like three days.
Are we allowed to say where you work on air? Because it's a pretty cool company. It's a pretty cool company a lot of people have heard of, I'm sure.
I work for GitHub down there in San Francisco, which is my excuse for coming into town constantly and it doesn't hurt that it's on their dime. So, you know, why not come out to Sacramento too?
We don't mind at all. We don't mind at all. Now, GitHub, I don't know a lot about it, but I also don't program. And my understanding of the site, and feel free to correct me if I'm wrong.
My understanding of the site is it's kind of like for people like open source code type of things, like websites.
Predominantly. And even if things aren't open source and you're doing the active development in private, GitHub still applies because it's the entire suite of collaboration.
And even people that are not developers, issues, managers, people that just need to go in for reviews and need to be a part of the process, it's all applicable to them as well.
So, open source, public, private, whatever, it all works out. It is the active development and collaboration.
Sometimes I do learn things from reading source code, even though I don't totally understand it. Like, you know, at work, there's a lot of Visual Basic tied into Microsoft Office, like macros and things like that.
We actually did talk about this before, and you made that exact point, that any macros or anything Visual Basic based could...
Well, you know, after 520 episodes, some topics repeat themselves once in a while.
A hundred episodes ago, you know.
Well, okay, I don't know if I've talked about this, but I will use this as an opportunity to give a cheap plug to my YouTube channel.
Because I've been using that more and more, right? My Rob Roberts plays and do my Let's Remember videos.
One of the games I did this week, Dragon Fire on the Atari 2600. Did you ever play this game?
I did not.
Run across the bridge, run through the...
Practically all of the Atari.
You're probably too young. But anyway, the Atari...
Okay, so the reason why I bring that game up specifically is that the guy actually released the source code.
And you can go to Atariage.com and check out the source code for Dragon Fire.
And I find those Atari 2600 source codes amazing.
I don't understand it whatsoever, but it's like...
The cool thing about Dragon Fire in particular is that it's all commented.
Like, here is the code that shows the sprite for the chalice, you know, something like that.
And so you can actually kind of see, like, wow, this is...
Like, when they have to cram all this crap into 4K.
4 kilobytes! Or 8 kilobytes.
We're like the average Atari 2600 size, if you think about it.
4 kilobytes! That's nothing.
We have a...
I write Word documents that are like 200 kilobytes. Easy. Easy!
That's because there's more background data in a Word document than there is actual text that you type into it.
True.
But there is a similar feat, as a matter of fact, for the classic game of the week.
A similar feat of how in the hell did they do this back in the day with such restricted file sizes and everything else.
Well, very cool. Sorry, we digressed a little bit there, but I find the source code stuff really fascinating.
I also want to introduce our chat room, of course.
We always have our live chatters with us.
We do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com
And you can join us, if you are listening live, in our chat room.
live.vognetwork.com
Our good buddy, Bobby Black Wolf, in fact, starts us off tonight, because I love this comment here.
He says, the source code to Pac-Man on Atari 2600 is a piece of art, even though everyone considers it a terrible game to play.
Well, yes, Pac-Man on the Atari 2600 was really garbage, but if you think about the time constraints the guy had to work with, it's really astonishing.
You know, like, yeah, it does some weird shit, like the fact that the ghost can only draw one, like it has to cycle.
That's why the ghosts blink, because it can't, like the Atari 2600 literally cannot draw all of them at once.
So it draws these two in one frame, these two in, or maybe one each frame, I don't remember what it does.
But it's crazy shit that, to get it to work, and he had to do it in mere months.
And that's what fucked up a lot of those Atari 2600 games, is that they had no time.
E.T., same story.
Well, there were maybe some other decisions along with E.T. as well, but not to digress yet again on another detail, though.
I could talk about old shit all day long, and considering that I have not bought the Xbox One or the PlayStation 4 yet, I'd prefer to focus on the old.
It was the seventh guest in the eleventh hour that are in a really similar state, that because they were made in that Windows 95, DOS, transitional kind of world,
where, you know, the modern, what are the words that I'm even looking for, the modern conveniences in libraries and DirectX didn't exist yet,
and in order to be widely compatible with all the hardware that was blossoming in the Windows era, they had to, the developer had to do these really, really, really nasty, low-level, like, assembly tricks
to just eke out that last bit of performance for all of the visuals and the smooth video and everything that that game employed, alongside Myst and Riven as well,
just to take something that is still images with depth and the transitions and everything else.
Yeah, human ingenuity and what computers have done for the last decade is unreal.
Well, you know, there is a way to kind of tie all this talk into what's going on with the new consoles, because we were listening to Bobby's show here in studio,
and just the general talk as well out there on the internet, I know one of the topics that came up on Bobby's show tonight was the fact that some of the launch games that you have right now
kind of look like they could be done on current consoles, and that could be done for a variety of reasons.
For example, I would argue a game like Assassin's Creed 4, well, that game was always planned to be on the current and the new consoles,
so of course you're not going to see much of an upgrade there. But then you hear talks about a game like Dead Rising 3.
You know, Dead Rising 3, some people say, kind of looks like a 360 game, even though more sprites, more things they're doing.
But Dead Rising, I think the problem is, you know, people have the expectation, because last gen, well, even before last gen began, or this gen, getting confused which gen we're on now,
you know, this gen I guess, they were talking about, oh yeah, 1080p, you know, it's going to be 60 frames per second and stuff,
and then the next gen, okay, that's how we're going to differentiate ourselves, it's going to be higher resolutions, better frame rates and stuff like that,
and then you have Dead Rising 3 come out, that's 720p running at 30 frames per second, and it chugs, and there's like long ass load screens.
It's like, dude, what the hell, I mean, you could have done this shit on Xbox 360 and had the same kind of results.
I mean, why are there games out now that have higher frame rates, look better, and you can't pull this shit off on the next gen?
Well, because, and to tie it into what Jason was just talking about, it's learning the tricks,
and I think there's still a lot of tricks that the developers are going to have to learn with these consoles,
and we'll see it in about, you know, a year, where these games start to look better and better.
Like, you even see it with the current gen stuff, like a game like, what's like a really good looking game that came out in the past year?
Something like Tomb Raider, let's say, looks frickin' phenomenal, and you put that side by side with Cameo.
You know, Cameo didn't really, I mean, sure it was HD, but it was kind of a glorified PS2 game.
Well, there was a lot of games that came out even at the launch of the Xbox 360 that, you know, definitely looked like Xbox games and stuff,
but I am still bugged at the fact that, you know, and this I guess is even the same situation with, you know, the Xbox 360 when it launched,
that they want people to spend money on these systems and they haven't really shown what's different about these systems.
Okay, cool, so the Xbox One can display more zombies on screen, but the game still runs like shit.
I mean, you know, why don't you, I don't know, instead of pumping out a thousand zombies on the screen, maybe do 500, and then the frame rate's better.
You know, yes, I understand that you can run all these, but obviously at some sort of expense because, you know, you're not running at 60 frames per second.
You know, the graphics aren't 1080p, so maybe it's just not really worth it. It's almost like a gimmick, like this is the bullet point.
Yeah, it's the most zombies ever, but, you know, it's just not very good. That's the thing.
I don't know. I mean, I never had a problem with there being too few zombies in Dead Rising games, to be honest, so I don't really know why it's an issue.
Are you being a little harsh? Because DKB in the chatroom says, runs like shit, really? And even I have to go, isn't that a little harsh?
It's 30 frames per second. 30 frames per second. Once again, I have an expectation. If they want me to spend $500 on a new console, then I better see a fucking difference between this gen and next gen.
Like, I wanna see, they have to wow me, they have to sell it to me. And honestly, they're showing me a game that looks like Dead Rising 2, but oh, the map's slightly bigger this time, and oh, there's some more zombies.
I don't fucking care, I'm not buying that system.
To be fair, and to be devil's advocate a little bit here, didn't we kinda know that going into this round of consoles, that they weren't gonna be pushing the graphical envelope and all this as much?
Because there's not a lot more you can do with the current TVs, and Intel 4K TVs are the standard, which we don't even know if that will be.
You know, there's not a lot else to do visually. When we were talking PlayStation 2 to PlayStation 3, the entire world was in the process, well, at least this country, and probably most of the rest of the world, was transitioning between SDTV and HDTV. I mean, that was a huge jump.
Okay, I understand that, but we've had a whole generation of games that have been running at 720p and now with hardware that's definitely a lot better than this current generation systems, and they can't fucking pull out 1080p native?
I mean, and a decent frame rate? I mean, shit, Rise runs at 30 frames per second, if you're lucky, it's locked in there, or it even did dumbass shit with Need for Speed Rivals, where even on PC it's fucking locked at 30 frames per second, you try to unlock it and the game goes crazy because it's just the way they did their physics or something in the game, it's just all messed up.
That's my problem, though, is that they are, once again, there's no, and I think this is gonna be a problem with these consoles, there's no hook, there's no hook to get me in there, whereas like, you know, with the Wii, it took off because it was like a new way to play games.
You know, Microsoft's trying to sell it, hey, Kinect is important, but it doesn't really do a whole ton. Once again, it's like these fucking promises that they made when Kinect originally came out, and we're seeing the same shit not quite work right again.
And it's like, well, we're gonna patch it, it's gonna get better. No, it didn't fucking get better with the original Kinect, and same with smart glass stuff, I haven't seen how they've really implemented these second screen things other than, ooh, you can call it an airstrike by hitting a button on your tablet or something.
Why does that need to be on a tablet? Why do we need a separate app to do that on a tablet when you can hit start, pull up a pause menu or some shit like that, and do it on that? I don't understand why they have to overcomplicate everything.
Okay, I'm trying to figure out where your head's at right now with these new consoles, because you're coming off to me right now like more negative than I kind of thought you were at.
Like, I kind of thought you were in a similar place that I was at where, okay, you might not be on board with Xbox One and PlayStation 4 right now because the games aren't really there to substantiate the several hundred dollars purchase, but I kind of thought you'd be jumping on board a year or two from now. Am I wrong?
I mean, maybe if there's some better games coming out that actually show off the hardware, but right now there's not really anything coming out that's going to be like that.
I mean, it just all seems like promises right now, that we're getting a lot of promised things, and that's it. It's just promises.
I mean, even like, look at these launches. It's pathetic, the amount of features that are in there that are going to be patched in later on. It just screams rushed. The whole thing screams rushed.
It really, these consoles should have come out six months from now, and not now. I don't know why bother rushing everything. I guess because they have to react to the other, you know...
Well, the holidays too.
So what? It doesn't matter. The holidays don't matter. If the console comes out...
Well, hold on now. Hold on now.
No, the holidays don't matter as far as selling these consoles. You'll sell a million consoles regardless of the... Are these people really saving them for the holidays? I mean, maybe a small percentage of them, but put it out six months from now and people would still be buying them.
Oh, fiscal year performance is important too, and you and I both know you're going to sell more consoles, way more consoles between October and December than you're going to sell between January and March, which is the end of the fiscal year. So...
I mean, in that sense it's logical, right?
Well, for their investors, I guess they have to do whatever they can to please them and spin whatever they can PR-wise. But I'm just saying, for me, it's... Unless I get one for free, in which case I'm not turning down free.
You know, I'm not picking one up anytime soon because there's no games on there that I'm really interested in, and so far everything they've shown, they haven't really changed anything. It's all the same shit that they're pulling right now on the current gen consoles, and to be honest, there's more games coming out in current gen anyways.
I want to see some significant differences between Assassin's Creed IV on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3, or hell, even when Titanfall comes out, I kind of want to see what they're going to do as far as the Xbox 360 version. Let's see how different that is compared to the Xbox One version.
I just... I need to see what these vast differences are in order for me to justify me purchasing, because, to be honest, might as well just dump that $500 into a PC, because at least those games are going to be running at a higher resolution than 720p.
Alright, I don't know. I think you might be being a little too harsh, but I also understand the frustrations. I get it.
Alright, live.vognetware.com. It is the show where every gamer has a voice. Bobby Blackwolf, wanting to challenge you on one of these points here, saying they rush it because gamers don't want to wait. How much did you complain when Grand Theft Auto 5 was delayed?
It was worth it. It was worth it. And let me be honest, let me be honest with Grand Theft Auto 5. Grand Theft Auto 5 has a lot more content than some of these other fucking next-gen games coming out.
I would be a horrible, irresponsible person if I did not ask this question. Could you be sitting here, a year from now, going, it was worth it for Xbox One?
When that Grand Theft Auto 6 or whatever happens.
I can't predict the future, and it's going to be Grand Theft Auto 5 again on next-gen is what it's going to be.
No, I can't predict the future. I mean, I would like for them, I'd like to be wrong on these consoles. I mean, honestly I would, but as we're going to get into later on, there's some things that we've complained about, like,
Dude, it's a fucking $60 game and you're treating it like a free-to-play game, and shit's not going away. It's only getting worse.
And so why should I buy into these brand new consoles if they're just going to turn them into some sort of sieve for me to basically take more money from me?
They need to have something to really sell me on it. Like, Kinect 2.0 is supposed to be so integral to the Xbox experience, and aside from voice commands and shit, I don't really fucking care about voice commands, okay?
Yeah, that's cool and all, but...
I hear, I mean, I don't know. Again, there's a lot of mixed opinions out there, but I'm hearing that people really are enjoying the interface once they finally get down in there and use it.
That the whole, like, you know, screen and screen stuff and all that kind of works pretty good.
I still don't, for me, the screen and screen stuff, once again, you're telling me that it's important for me to have, like, a tablet so I can do the second screen stuff, so why do I need a little tiny sliver of my screen when I can do the same shit on my tablet that's right in front of me because you're having me, you know, use this tablet to play the games as well.
Alright, alright. Bobby making another good point, so I just want to get this out there. Bobby says the Xbox One had to come out now because there are investors wanting to close the Xbox division, so it had to come out to try to make some money so they didn't get shut down.
You have your fans too, Loki. MM2K says Loki is absolutely right. Right now, plug money into a PC. Best games are multi-platform anyway and will be on Steam.
Except for Grand Theft Auto 5.
Eventually, eventually.
It is coming. They already have PC documentation inside.
Alright, we got into a kickoff topic anyway. I originally wanted to talk about the Xbox One's launch. I wanted to talk about those sales figures. I don't know, Loki, do you want to kind of go over the sales figures because, as Bobby said, they're trying to make some money. Sounds like they did after all, right, Loki?
Yeah, they did pretty well. They sold, you know, both the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One sold a million units, or they say they're phrasing it as over a million units.
So, of course, I'm trying not to sound biased here, but I really fucking hate PR speak.
And I got back, you know, I got down on Activision about Call of Duty and their one million units shipped, you know, bullshit and stuff.
Yes, they sold a million units worldwide versus one million units North America for the PlayStation 4.
But, hey, you know what? No one's knocking a million units. A million units of a console, you know, within 24 hours is fantastic.
Sorry, I have to say this. I'm sorry, Loki, it's kind of interrupting, but Tech2030 in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, fuck this, let's just not buy any of them and only play Cookie Clicker.
And 66% of the room is.
I'm multitasking.
Hey, and I have my phone off, Jason, because mine will produce cookies while it's not on. All right, anyway, all joking aside.
So, one million on both consoles, but, okay, I have to go there and I'm not trying to knock Xbox because I'm going to be real with you guys.
Based on all that internet stuff and all the rabble rabble angry mobs we saw six months ago, I wasn't expecting Xbox One to do that well.
So, yay for them. I think competition is healthy across the board. However, it is worth pointing out, Xbox One might have sold a million, but they did it in, what, 13 countries?
Whereas PlayStation 4 was only US and Canada, right?
I still think it's very skewed as far as, you know, it's good for day one. Don't get me wrong, it's good for day one.
But if you're going to play the console wars here, you have to understand that we're talking, you know, a couple countries versus basically all their launch territories at once.
But it's not like doom and gloom for Xbox. Far from it.
Not at all. But at the end of the day, once they do finally launch in all their countries or whatever, I think you're going to see a significant number of more PlayStation 4s than you are in the Xbox One.
Because I don't think they still recovered completely from, you know, all the bullshit.
I think it's just the price. I think at the end of the day, for a lot of people, I mean, not the ones listening to this podcast or participating.
I think the folks, you know, active gamers participating in this kind of thing have a lot more issues to juggle.
But I think for a lot of people, for a lot of parents sitting there going, what do I buy for my teenage son or daughter?
Oh, this one's cheaper, I'm going to get that. I think for a lot of people that's what it's going to come down to.
If there's not already one of the previous gen consoles in the house, or if they have both, then they'll start with the cheaper one.
Plus, it's a little different now than when we were growing up and our parents, most of our parents didn't know anything about video games.
Now, the parents, a lot of them did play video games. A lot of people listening to this show are parents.
So it is, you know, it is a little different. I might not be being fair either.
But it's certainly applicable in the broader sense. There's still massive legions of people that, parents that aren't into gaming,
and they do add up to that majority of the people that would have gotten the console for their child, teen, anything along those lines.
And when it comes to the parents, I don't think you can totally count out Wii U either.
No, not at all. I mean, they have some good games on there.
I mean, if you like Nintendo games, they're good. Wii U is going to be great.
If you're looking for other games from other companies, you may be having some issues.
We'll come back to this later.
But I'm just saying, as far as Nintendo games go, yeah, it's fantastic.
Because a lot of people look forward to Nintendo games on those consoles.
But it's just... I don't know. They're kind of in their own thing.
They don't even want to compete in this next gen.
And that's why I always kind of laugh when they show, okay, the next generation is starting.
They show the Wii U. I'm like, ha ha ha. Yeah, okay, whatever.
But it's just... I don't know. It'll be interesting to see what happens with all these consoles and stuff.
But it's just... it's a rocky start, I think.
Doomplague in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
Wii U currently has better games than either new console, just probably not for long.
I think that's a very good, yes, I agree with you point.
Because I would agree. I think Wii U right now has better games than either one of those consoles.
But are we going to be able to say the same a year from now? I don't know.
Because you're going to get some heavy, heavy hitters next year.
I imagine, you know, we already know there's going to be Destiny, Titanfall.
I imagine Microsoft's going to push out their new Halo for next holiday.
Or at least, you know, you're going to see a lot on that.
Sony, I don't know what their... they'll probably have a new LittleBigPlanet or something.
They've got plenty of stuff they can rely on.
All of those games that they had to delay into first or second quarter.
Well, they have an Uncharted 4.
Right.
And then so Nintendo's challenge is going to really be how are they going to stay afloat without all the third party support.
But they will throw out a new Zelda on Wii U next year.
I think we're all anticipating that.
If they don't, honestly, if they don't do a Zelda on Wii U next year, there's going to be a lot of people that are disappointed.
That's the reality of where we're at right now.
And Smash Brothers.
Nintendo has a big 2014 for its namesake titles.
As does the roll out of the Xbox One and PS4.
Even Smash Bros though, I was kind of excited about it for the Wii and stuff, but the new one just doesn't really...
It's kind of like, hey, look, it's the same characters we had last time.
Don't knock it till you see it a little more in motion.
I don't think we've really seen... I mean, yes, we've had some teasers, but you haven't seen the game really in motion.
Getting your hands on it and all that.
And I think there's a lot to come with that.
I think back to the Wii one when it was in development, you know?
There was a big difference between the early, early stages and hearing about the characters and then really getting to play that thing.
Those Smash Bros games have a lot of depth to them.
And there's so much in regards to the unlockables, collectables, and all that stuff.
I really hope they don't rush this Wii U one, but it's been in development a hell of a long time.
So I would think we're going to be ready in 2014, but we'll see.
Alright, anyhow, I think that's enough of our kickoff topic of Xbox One and everything else going on.
Let's talk a little more specifically about what you yourself have been doing in a segment we call How Was Your Gaming Week?
I would usually let ladies go first, but we don't have any tonight.
But Jason, since you are sitting in Jamie's chair, go for it. How was your gaming week?
I have been playing a lot of real life the game.
It's an epic training simulator and workout simulator and driving simulator and walking simulator.
You even sound like Jamie with that gaming week.
It's been a really light couple of weeks because I, as I'm sure many people remember, I was here a couple episodes ago.
I've been to Arizona and back in that time I was training a new coworker this week.
Incredibly busy times. I'm basically just grinding a little bit more, by which I mean getting completely obliterated on FTL.
And then a couple new upgrades in Rogue Legacy and just trying to progress that game further so I can actually get into the third and fourth regions a little bit more consistently.
And Rogue Legacy now has the Steam trading cards, which is even more incentive to play that crap.
I got some time ago, I'm sure.
They didn't just come out last week, but I noticed within the past month or so, since the last time you were on it.
Just casual grinding of games with a very defined start and end and are also very friendly to just stop what I'm doing wherever I am with no penalty to speak of.
Yeah, that's honestly really about all I've had time for this past week.
Fair enough. At least you dabbled in a couple things.
Loki, how about you? How was your gaming week?
It was pretty pathetic. I haven't really played anything this week other than Call of Duty, actually. I played a little bit of that at work.
I didn't even play any Grand Theft Auto this week. I meant to play some other things with it. I started Dexter, so I've been watching TV.
More TV than games right now.
I was just trying to take a break from Grand Theft Auto for a little bit. I'm going to go back into it, obviously, really soon.
I'm trying to start. Once again, I know the new Steam sale is coming up soon, and I'm like, man, there's a lot of games I haven't played yet that I've bought.
Winter is coming. Brace yourselves for the Steam sale.
I'm like, oh, shit, man, there's a lot of games I haven't played. Even with the Humble Bundles, they had some Warner games won.
I'm just like, maybe I should buy that, even though they have no interest in the Batman games.
Speaking of Humble Bundle, did you see the pinball collection that's on the Humble Bundle?
Which one is it? Zen Pinball. It's not the actual Humble Bundle, it's the weekly sale.
Oh, sorry, yeah, yeah. You can get all that. I picked that up, I haven't played it yet, but I was very excited to see that in there.
I don't recall all the details, but I stumbled across something the other day. It was basically a make-your-own Humble Bundle.
Well, they launched the store now.
There's a lot of different websites that have that kind of stuff.
Yeah, I've seen the improvements that Humble Bundle has been rolling out in that regard, but I thought it was something unique. Damn.
No, I came across it, I was like, I don't have time, and I don't have money, buy in, so I didn't take in enough of the details.
Sorry, Loki.
No, there's a bunch of different Humble Bundle-esque sites that, you know, there's one of them that does that, I don't know.
But yeah, so that's pretty much that, and I've just been messing around with Clicker today, just because, I don't know, I'm just bored.
I can't start Fallout right now, because it's in the middle of the show, and this doesn't take any intelligence at all, other than clicking a mouse.
So yeah, that's pretty much where I've been.
Alright, well, I've been very busy with a couple new games. I've been playing the usual stuff as well,
helping Alan and stuff. But this Friday, obviously, was the release of the Xbox One.
I feel the same way about the One that I do about the PlayStation 4. The games aren't there for me right now.
Next year, I'm probably going to have to pick up both, because you're going to have things like Final Fantasy XIV and Destiny on PlayStation 4, things that I definitely want over there.
And then on Xbox One, I'm sure they'll announce Forza Horizon 2, which will be enough for me to get an Xbox One.
So I'll get those in 2014, but for now, being a Wii U owner, I was very excited about the release of Super Mario 3D World on the Nintendo Wii.
Wii U.
Thank you, yes, Wii U. And I will tell you this, the game delivers. It's outstanding. I love it.
It's what you would kind of expect. I don't think it really, to me it feels a lot different than 3D Land on the 3DS did,
because obviously, for one, it's not really in 3D, but for two, I think just the larger screen, the more diverse characters,
I feel like there's kind of more going on in each stage because of it.
I'm going to tell you the thing I like most about Mario 3D World is the attention to detail, and it's the little things that really make that game.
The things from you get really close to a Goomba, and the Goomba spots you and makes angry Goomba face and starts charging at you.
Or when you step on a turtle, and there's that literal moment you can actually see the little Koopa of the whole, like, where'd my pants go?
type of thing, and running over to try to get the shell as fast as they can.
To the little sound when you walk on a glass, you hear the clink, clink, clink, clink when you're actually walking on glass pipes.
To when you're underwater, the background music actually changes completely to when you come back above the water, it goes back to where it was at.
To when you're kitty Mario, which really is the best thing ever, that was a great power-up, love it.
When you're climbing up a wall, and you go as far as you can, because you can't just climb the wall infinitely,
finally you get to a certain point where you can't climb anymore, and they just claw onto the wall and they start slipping,
and they leave little claw marks behind as they're falling and look really sad.
It's those little details that really do it for me, and yeah, the level design obviously is great.
There's things to collect in every level, so just because you beat it once doesn't mean you're going to collect all three green stars and the stamp and everything.
The social elements are very interesting.
I know we give Nintendo a hard time about not understanding online, but the way they've integrated Miiverse into this and the ghost Miis and everything is interesting.
I think in some ways it's kind of give or take, but just to kind of give you an example,
while you're walking around the world map, you'll see these random Miis on the map,
and if you walk up to them, they'll have a little picture of something they wrote on Miiverse about that world.
When you beat a stage, you'll actually see scrolling across the top of the screen, Miiverse posts from people who also played that stage and posted something about it on Miiverse.
I'll give you an example of how this can work. I was playing a level in World 3 not long ago.
It's a water level, and we all love water levels, but they're a necessary part of any Mario game, right?
I couldn't find two of the stars in the level. I could find the last one, but I couldn't find the first two.
So when I beat the level, it shows me all the Miiverse posts, and one of the first ones that comes up is,
Where are the first and second stars?
I'm like, thank god it's not just me. That was literally my reaction, right?
So that was kind of, I don't know, that was a neat reaction I can't think of that I get in any other game right now.
And I'm not saying it's like a huge deal or a game changer, or OMG Nintendo is pushing the envelope,
but I will say that was a unique reaction, that immediate instant feedback that I can't say I get anywhere else right now.
That instant attachment to another individual somewhere out there in the universe.
Yes, like the whole, like, me too, me too, stranger danger 10357 or whatever your name is, right?
You know, there was that instance where I did kind of feel like, oh okay, so I'm not the only crazy one.
Yeah, it's a very interesting, it's a very interesting case to think about the fact that,
yeah, Nintendo is not necessarily getting the always-on, multi-world, MMO, universe-style network services,
but they're pushing a really damn good community, and as long as they keep up the moderator action,
It's moderated, it's a moderated community, and that works and it doesn't work,
because again, you know, we criticized Nintendo last week about the whole swap note thing,
which I think was completely valid, I think it was ridiculous the way they threw the baby out with the bathwater with that,
but, I mean, there's a difference between these type of public communications you have in a game like Mario,
you know, Super Mario 3D World, and the private communications where essentially if, you know,
me and a friend are both over the age of 18, we should be able to send whatever we want,
because we could do it on an email anyway, you know, so.
These emotions and expressions that they're capturing in the public eye is quite unique and very worthy, very fun to see.
Level design, again, have I mentioned how great the level design is in the game?
Because I will tell you what, also in World 3, there's a level, and this might be a minor spoiler,
so mute for about 60 seconds if you don't want to hear it, I don't think it's a big deal,
some people are nutso about spoilers, so mute it if you don't want to hear it,
there's a level in the third world that invokes Mario Kart, like right on down to the level actually looks like a Mario circuit track,
and you're running over these little dash squares, that was so much fun to play,
and I didn't even play it in multiplayer, which, can you imagine, I've only played this game in single player,
but the whole thing is designed for four people to play, and I can only imagine what a riot some of these games are in multiplayer,
and some of these levels and so forth.
One of the things that I hear about the game is that whoever does the best in a level,
wears a little crown in the next level, so you know people are going to be trying to steal that crown,
and pick on the player who has the crown, and I'm sure it makes for amazing multiplayer experiences,
but I have yet to do those, so.
Anyway, Mario 3D World, if you are a Wii U owner, I don't know why you don't have this game yet,
you need to make it a priority to get your hands on this game, because it is the best Wii U game available now.
I already thought the one they released last year was pretty good, but this one blows it out of the water, it really does.
This is great. So Mario 3D World is a must have if you're a Wii U owner.
Is it a system seller?
If you like Nintendo systems, yeah.
It's getting there. It's definitely getting there.
It's yet another game now where it's like, alright, now Wii U is starting to really build up that library.
If I drop the money on a Wii U, now I have two solid Mario games.
Zombie U, Nintendo Land, you know, maybe Wonderful 101 if you're into that, or Pikmin.
You know, it is strengthening Nintendo's library, but is it going to be a system seller?
It really depends on what type of games you're into.
It's a real bummer Mario Kart 8 didn't make it this year, because I think, and I'm all for take the time to get it right,
and also that's part of how they're going to make 2014 not feel like the desert that 2013 was.
But I think if Mario Kart 8 had come out and it was solid and they were able to deliver that 1-2 punch on the Wii U,
I would be like, you gotta buy a Wii U, because there's all these games now.
But with only the one huge, great game, it's a little harder to say.
Because I think you really have to say, like, how much do I want to play Mario 3D World?
But I'm telling you, it's really good.
So, the other Nintendo game I happened to pick up this week, I actually went and bought a 3DS XL,
because I'm that big of a whore for 2D Zelda, and I love Link to the Past, so of course I was all over Link Between Worlds.
And yes, I've seen the stories about how it's really 3D and all this stuff.
You know what I mean, it still plays like Link to the Past and all that.
So I bought a new Zelda 3DS XL, which has the Triforce, the high rule and low rule Triforces on it,
and I've been playing the game, and I, again, it's outstanding.
It's an outstanding game.
It's, like, for somebody who loves Link to the Past as much as I do, I was so giddy the way they've pulled it off.
Here's the thing, it's not a remake, but it invokes so much of the old series.
It's like going back and visiting an old friend.
Hi, how you doing? And here's what's changed.
And it's not that, again, it's not telling the same story, but it's using a really similar map,
and it's telling an all new story, and it feels like you're discovering all these places over again,
because obviously the graphic upgrades from a Super Nintendo to a 3DS are huge,
and the music's great, and so on and so on.
I also have to hand it to the team that created this.
The 3D effects are great, and considering a lot of us thought Nintendo was abandoning 3D when they released the 2DS,
it was quite pleasing to see a 3D game that really benefits from having the 3D switch on,
if you are into viewing the 3D and everything.
Like just from the little creatures jumping, the little... what were their names?
The Octoroks shoot the rocks, right? What are the little jumping spider things called?
Tektites, were those Tektites? I don't know.
Those guys that jump up and you actually kind of see that in 3D is great.
When you jump off a cliff, you see that little 3D kind of enhancement.
You definitely see it in dungeons when you're on a level, but there's an upstairs and a downstairs within the same level.
You definitely get a sense of that 3D effect, and it's done tastefully.
Yeah, it's great.
And I've heard a lot of talk about how, well, it's really weird that you can kind of rent everything from the shop in the beginning.
It's just a different way of doing it. It didn't really change things for me.
There's still definitely points and things that you get in the dungeons,
and there will be ways that you will want to play things in a certain order.
I wasn't really bothered by the rental system at all.
You know what? It also helps differentiate it from Link to the Past and make it its own game,
which is one of the better Zelda games that will be out there in the franchise, for sure.
Rama says,
Zelda A Link Between Worlds is essentially a Link to the Past second quest.
Don't agree with you.
I think they've changed enough where, especially once you get that ability where you can actually kind of glue yourself to walls and walk around and all that,
it really changes a lot of the puzzles and so forth, and just such the graphical upgrade and everything.
I don't know if I would call it a second quest.
I don't know. It's like I said earlier. It's like revisiting an old friend.
Are there elements of Link to the Past? Absolutely.
But it is definitely its own game, and it is worth the price that they're asking for it.
The $40 or whatever. I don't know, because I bought the bundle.
But I think it's what? $40 retail, Loki?
Yeah.
It's worth it.
There it goes.
Let's see. I'm trying to look at our chat room. Sorry, I was talking so much.
I have been falling behind on our chat room.
He was fanboying.
Yeah, a little bit. A little bit. Which, you know, it's funny, because I've been accused of the whole Nintendo fanboy thing, which, whatever.
You know, I'm gonna like what I like.
But I'd like to think I'm also critical of Nintendo when they need it too.
So, and, you know, the whole online thing last week, and the fact that, you know, yes, Super Mario World, Super Mario 3D World is great,
but is it gonna be enough to really push the Wii U's this year?
I don't know. I don't know. I think Nintendo really needed that one other game, but we'll see. We'll see.
I'm rooting for them though, but I'm rooting for Microsoft and Sony as well.
Is that so wrong?
Aren't I allowed to like all the games?
Is that, is something wrong with me?
Everything. So says the internet.
Yes, I'll complain about things that need complaining about, but I'm gonna cheer on the things that need cheering of.
And these Mario and Zelda games are accomplishments that are worthy of the cheering. Absolutely.
Alright, let's see. Live.vognetwork.com. Tigerclaw says,
Zelda becomes shorter if you have the guide for it. Try playing without one. You'll spend hours trying to figure stuff out.
Well, I mean, couldn't that be said about any game?
I mean, if you use the guide, you're gonna have all the puzzles answered for you.
Zelda does have an interesting system in it where you can use the play coins that you get from walking around on the 3DS.
You can use those to buy hints from a ghost. Like, you get these little glasses in the beginning, hint glasses, and you can use them to buy hints.
So, up to you if you want to use them or not. I think that's interesting.
Some people will probably get really turned off by that, but then I just say, don't equip them.
And then they won't be there.
Let's see. Also looking for some more chats at live.vognetwork.com.
ActDeaf says, I'm forgetting Zelda Wind Waker HD, Rayman Legends, and some other games.
You're right. I probably am forgetting those games, but let's also not kid ourselves.
Both those games you mentioned are available on other consoles, especially in the case of Rayman Legends.
I know the game was developed for Wii U, and it's probably best on Wii U, but the reality is it's not exclusive to Wii U anymore.
Zelda Wind Waker HD, I haven't played that yet. I'm very much looking forward to it.
But even if the game is outstanding, which I'm sure it's great, it's really hard to call a reimagining of a GameCube game something that's gonna really sell a lot of consoles.
Although maybe it did for some people. I don't know. Maybe I'm being too hard on it.
It was the earlier Zelda release on the Wii U.
Yeah, you did.
Taste tester before... or it's the only Wii U release. What am I saying? Link Between Worlds is 3DS.
Right, right. It was also extremely quickly put together. And I'm not saying that in a bad way.
From what I understand, everybody that I know that's played it really loves it.
But they essentially threw it together, and I'm not sure how to take that.
I mean, I guess that's a good thing that you can put out a quality product so fast, but they did have to reimagine an old game to do it.
But you're right. I shouldn't totally count out when Waker HD is something that is available.
There are gonna be... you know, the game is ten years old. There are gonna be a lot of people out there, especially in their teens, that probably never touched the first game.
Anyway. Alright. I've gushed enough about New Mario and New Zelda, but I'm telling you, they're great.
And honestly, is there an Xbox One or PlayStation 4 launch game as good as Mario 3D World?
No.
I highly, highly doubt it.
Now, a year from now, will we be able to say the same thing? Probably not.
You know, Wii U also came out a year ago. They had a year to make this game, or more.
So I'm sure a year from now it'll be a different story, but I'm telling you, this really makes this whole next-gen console war...
I'm using my little quotey fingers... console war that much more interesting when I would argue the best game that came out for the holiday season
is on the Wii U. Although, to be fair, there's still a lot of games that came out earlier that are also really good, like I know...
I like to consider the holiday season starting on September 17th, but you know, that's just me.
Yeah, I have to mention, of course, Grand Theft Auto 5...
Which you haven't played yet.
But I recognize that a lot of people are gonna call that the game of the year, and that's...
I don't think it's in the show world tonight, but those Spike TV award things that they announce a lot of games at, which I think are irrelevant, but a lot of people seem to care...
They did announce their game of the year picks, right? And I know both those games we just made.
Mario 3D World's in there, and Grand Theft Auto's in there.
Yeah, Last of Us, and some other stuff.
Which, again... Oh, Bioshock Infinite, all the way back in February.
So, is Mario 3D World a better game than that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
It's a popularity contest.
It is a little bit. And then I saw Tomb Raider in there too, which was a pleasant surprise. I think Tomb Raider's great, and a good kick in the butt for the franchise, so I was happy to see that in there.
Did anybody else remember what else was in there? Maybe our chatters do. Live.vognetwork.com.
They're supposed to have a trailer for Fallout 4, that's the rumor.
It'll be interesting to see what trailers do come out. We got some big game reveals at these awards, even though I'm kind of in whatever on the Spike Awards.
I always like to look at YouTube the next day, because there's a lot of trailers. Skyrim was announced at one of those. I remember that. That was a pretty big deal.
Little did we know.
Oh my god, there's so many. That's kind of one of the reasons I'm like, do I really want to start Fallout New Vegas? Because Skyrim, holy shit, did that take off a lot of my time.
Speaking of those games, Loki, when they inevitably announce Elder Scrolls VI for next generation consoles, will you be on board? Oh no, you'll be like, eh, it's on PC. I can mod it on PC.
Yeah, I might actually... I don't blame you. I don't blame you.
I mean, they have a lot of games that are coming out that are comparing them to that, like The Witcher 3. I don't know if Thief has so much open world, but there's a lot of sandbox games like that.
But, it's hard.
Tigerclaw having that same thought at live.vognetwork.com. What if they announce Elder Scrolls VI for next gen? Not before the next Fallout, because it kind of seems like they're going in that pattern.
Elder Scrolls VI is not coming for another couple years at least. Because they have also online, which is at some point.
Which I think is good news, because I think they need some time to, you know, again, the games that came out right during the launch window, little bit not the full potential of the system.
I think the more time that Elder Scrolls VI has to incubate a little bit, I think that's actually a good thing. We don't want it right away. Trust me, it's a good thing.
So, there is that part of me, and here is where I run into Best Buy or Target and throw myself on the counter to get a Playstation 4 or Xbox One.
Anyone know the big announcement trailer to get me to throw myself on the counter? Mass Effect 4.
Because you know it's just a matter of time before the details start coming out on that, and that is...
What if it's current gen too?
Mass Effect 4?
Yeah, what if it's current gen? Because there's a good chance that will be current gen as well.
Although it is stupid EA, and they will try to, you know, try to do that. Because it works so well for an NBA Live 14.
That's a very good question. I don't think it will. But you're right, it could happen, and I think we also need to consider the fact that there's tons of people who play those games on PCs and are perfectly happy.
I play Mass Effect 3 multiplayer on PC myself, and it's great. So I could just keep the PC.
I think for me though, having that graphic... My first experience with Mass Effect was on the Xbox 360, so I still associate in my mind with consoles.
I just kind of think for me Mass Effect 4 is only going to sweeten the pot for the next gen consoles.
It's not really going to be the reason I get a Playstation 4 or Xbox One or whatever, but I'm just going to add that to the list of why.
Just put that in all caps there in the Pro column. Mass Effect 4 right there.
I'm saying Mass Effect 4, but whatever they end up calling it, because obviously the Shepard series is over. You all know what I meant.
Let's see, going to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com. BlackWolf says, I just don't want to see Sky on a table. Well then don't come to the mall with me.
Alright, let's get into some housekeeping and then we'll do gaming news of course.
Just real quick, don't forget you can follow us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
We are also available on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio and Google Plus. Google.com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio.
We finally got one of those short URLs like a lot of people are getting now.
Also, I think this is something we're going to do starting this week.
Finally, thanks to Jason's help, I was able to get the keys to the YouTube channel back.
So we are going to look at posting episodes of Orange Lounge Radio on YouTube.
We're not Orange Lounge Video all of a sudden, so that is not something that's going to be there.
It will just be the audio with a static picture. Maybe at a later date we could, if we talk about screenshots we can enhance the videos of that or something.
It depends how well received the YouTube thing is. This is just a crazy experiment we have to try to get the show out to more people.
Because YouTube does have a very big audience, I think the show can get more exposure.
So hello to all you YouTubers and thanks for checking out the show.
Depending on how well the show is received on YouTube we might see what else we can kind of do to enhance the show that way.
But yeah, right now it's just about trying to get the show out there.
And plus the news that YouTube is coming to things like the 3DS, YouTube is available on the Vita.
Anything that is another way that people can easily listen to OLR we want to get in on that.
So that is coming, I think starting this week. I think this very episode will go up on YouTube if everything goes in my favor.
So there we go.
Alright, let's move on.
Tigerclaw in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, you ever played around with Google Hangout? Yes.
Perhaps you can try doing OLR with it. It would archive to YouTube. No.
I'm going to be honest, and maybe I'm just being a stickler with this. This isn't interesting to watch.
We're all just sitting around a table with our microphones in hand.
No, I'm not interested in watching any of this.
It's really not that interesting to watch.
And I would need a director to sit here with us if we were to push video to its full potential.
I guess my point I'm trying to get at is, if we make that jump to video, I kind of don't want it to be half-assed.
I want somebody to actually be able to, if we talk about a game, throw up the b-roll footage of the game.
Be able to show that there. And that's just kind of too much for us to be able to put out right now.
I think, and I've been on this show for many, I think this show is best consumed, listen to it in the background,
while you play video games, or while you chat in our chat room, or while you're at work doing whatever,
you know, data entry or writing or whatever it is you do that doesn't require you to be listening at work right now.
I think our show is best consumed that way. I think if you were to sit here and watch Talking Heads for three hours,
talk about video games, that would be the most boring thing in the world to me.
But that's just my thought. Convince me I'm wrong, and maybe I am just being stubborn,
and keep in mind I've done radio for the past ten plus years, so this just might be my old fuddy-duddy way of thought.
Convince me I'm wrong, I'm all ears. I've been wrong before, lord knows.
So, alright. Let's get into gaming news tonight, now that that's all out of the way.
One hour in.
Here's the thing, and now I'm worried about this, I've probably offended some people who do do the Talking Heads thing,
and it's like, I'm not trying to offend people, it's just the whole thing where it's like,
I just, for me, and the show we're trying to produce, I just don't think that's particularly interesting. For me.
For us. For this show. Other people pulled off eloquently.
You do what works for you, and I will say this, Google Hangout is a great way to produce a podcast.
Super easy. Super easy. And I am all for more voices getting out there, and more people being heard.
So if Google Hangouts the way you do that, go for it. Absolutely.
So, I will brace myself for the angry emails I'm sure to incur from all that, but know that I am trying to be well-intentioned.
Alright, Loki.
Alright, so, like with any console launch, there's a little bit of hiccups usually with, well, usually with console launches,
and that was definitely the case with the PlayStation 4, with the random blinking blue light of Doom, or whatever you want to call it.
Well, now the Xbox One is also running the similar issues, except no blinking lights this time around.
Instead, it's the Soundra. Yes, much like the Xbox 360, except at least it's not actually, you know,
carving a nice ring into your disc this time. It's just making a grinding noise, and not reading discs.
And so people are running into those quite a bit, and it's kind of interesting because, you know, the reports seem to be all over the place,
and a lot of people are talking about it, and even, you know, there's some articles saying that they've received, you know, hundreds of tips regarding it.
So, I don't know. Once again, I mean, the console's only been out a few days, so it's hard to say how widespread anything is,
but I think it's important for Microsoft at this point to do kind of some damage control.
I think, you know, because I saw their response, which is basically, you know,
hey, if you have an issue with your system, call the customer support, blah, blah, blah, blah.
OK, that's very, I don't know, that's very scripted of you to say that, and instead of dressing, you know, how many units might be affected,
versus, you know, last week when the similar situation was happening where different systems were, you know, breaking or DOA from Sony,
you heard, you know, the top Sony execs come out and say, hey, listen, OK, we've received, you know, reports from people,
you know, saying that their systems are bad, you know, based on what we've shipped out so far, it's affecting less than 1% of our systems,
and, you know, just to let you know that we are replacing those systems immediately and expediting them to customers.
I think right there that's addressing everything instead of, you know, not commenting on it and letting everyone speculate how bad the issue is,
and I'm worried that, I mean, and I don't want to sound doom and gloom, but I'm worried that it may be a little bit more widespread than it seems.
Hopefully it's not, because I would hope that, you know, they would test their hardware, you know, well and figure out that these problems,
hopefully, you know, some sort of bad run on these disk drives or something, but be wary at console launches that you're going to run into issues.
Kind of a fair warning for any console launch that there's going to be speed bumps.
But we don't think this is as bad as the Red Ring of Death yet.
So far, yeah, not as big of an issue, but we'll see. Time will tell.
You know, and really, once again, you know, it's, see how they respond to it, how, you know, how they,
I think it would be nice if they came out and, you know, said something similar to what Sony said, where it's like,
hey, listen, it's only this, it's not a widespread thing. We've only received, you know, you know, it's 0.04% or whatever,
you know, compared to the system, you know, it's within standards. This is what, you know, we were expecting.
I just wish there was more coming from them other than very scripted, you know.
To be fair, this is what we were expecting.
Well, no.
Is it going to work if I'm one of those people?
Not what we're expecting, but it's within regular electronics yields as far as defectives go.
I mean, it's such a low percentage that, you know, it's with...
It sounds like they're making it easy, at least, on the Microsoft side. I don't know about Sony's side,
but on the Microsoft side, they just kind of, they just ship you a new one, and then you have to ship the old one back in two weeks,
or you get charged.
That's what they're doing, yeah.
They make it easy, yeah.
That's easier than the 360 replacement was, to be honest.
Yeah, and that's great. I'm glad that they're doing that, and I think that's what they need to do,
but at the same time, I think that they need to...
Especially, come on, Microsoft, you need to know, like, after all of the fallout and stuff from...
Even when you're announcing the Xbox One stuff, I think you need to talk more to your customers more directly,
and not sound like it's some scripted PR thing. Make it more candid, I guess.
Interesting, kind of two good comments in the chat room, but a little different.
Gene at Live.vognetware.com says,
Damage control will freak out and make it a bigger deal, though.
It could have that effect where...
It didn't seem like that was the effect, though.
The media would pick up on that.
Tao says,
But they're just not... I mean, all they're doing is just saying,
hey, you have a defective system, contact customer support.
I could have figured that out without reading anything from them.
It's not like, oh, well, shit, I don't know what to do with this console.
I mean, come on, if you buy an Xbox console, you know what to do with your console if it's gonna be broken.
I'm just saying, because, you know, especially if you bought it launched last year.
Or, not last year, last time around.
All right, well, to be fair, you know, we were talking about Xbox One problems,
but PlayStation 4 also had problems, so let's talk about those.
And Sony talked about, in an interview with Engadget this week, exactly where those numbers are at,
which Loki referred to a minute ago.
So that's almost exactly what you were saying, Loki.
We understand the frustration of consumers that have had a problem,
and are working with them and our retail partners to help troubleshoot issues,
and ensure affected units are exchanged.
So, you know, I really don't know how they can give you a better answer than that.
Although, again, if I'm one of those 1%, I'm still not gonna be happy.
But, I mean, I guess, what else can they do? If there's a problem, there's a problem.
I mean, who's actually happy about defective electronics? Nobody.
But, you know, I think about it, you know, it's really not just video game consoles.
I mean, iPhones are kind of notorious for having a lot of problems, too.
Like, the frickin' switches, like, on my first iPhone 5, that little switch.
Or what was it? Something broke. Oh, my sleep button, that's what it was.
The sleep button stopped clicking.
You know, those things start breaking pretty easy, and I wasn't using my phone for anything too strenuous.
So, you know, it's not like only game consoles are broken all the time,
but it's still irritating. Luckily, Apple had a pretty good program where I called, went to the Apple store.
Guy looked at my thing and said, yep, we're gonna give you a new one.
Gave me a new one, and boop, just switched it right out. Pretty painless.
So, we detected water damage on that. We're not gonna...
Well, luckily, I didn't have that problem. They were pretty cool about it.
So, I usually find that if you're nice to them, they're nice to you, but I guess it really depends on who you get. I don't know.
Jason's gonna be doing some stories for us tonight, since Jamie's not here.
I am, and easily, per the organization, you don't even have to change the initial, because Jason and Jamie start with the same letter.
Perhaps a relic of back when the Xbox was still a check-in every 24 hours if the system is offline,
achievements will not unlock if you're playing a game while it's offline, presumably also if your internet connection's down, anything along those lines.
The common consensus is just that this is simply a holdover for achievement verification on the web, and not some kind of...
It'd be nice if this were some kind of, like, a buying achievement deterrent or something of the sort,
but it's more likely just that it fell within the same expectations of the system always being online.
One of the really fun things with this article is that...
So this was an article, this was an announcement posted on Xbox 360 achievements that when they realized that I was playing one game,
I got achievements for another one, because apparently their internet connection had died for some period of time.
And so they linked to a help article on support.xbox.com, and I thought this was...
I guess I've always known that we've been headed in this direction, but it makes me laugh and cry equal amounts.
If you get no gamer score earned from app achievements, the prescribed resolution says,
you can earn app achievements for basic use of an app, such as watching a movie on Netflix, at the app developer's discretion.
App achievements do not affect gamer score, though they may bring other in-app awards.
Emphasis more on the award and less the score, but the whole...
Games have parodied this with a press start achievement.
Well, this stuff is starting to go into things that don't have anything to do with gaming at all.
I'm going to give you a great example. Target, the store, has a brand new app on iPhone,
probably on Android too, I can't imagine why it wouldn't be. It's called Cartwheel.
It's like their new little coupon thing, right?
And you go into this big Target database that they have of all these coupons, and you add them to your barcode.
You have to have a Facebook, I think, to sign up for it.
And you put all the little coupons on your thing, right?
And then you have your barcode, and they scan your phone at the store, and you get money back with it.
But here's the thing. You get achievements, little achievements in Cartwheel that give you more slots to put more coupons on.
I shit you not. So you link up with a Facebook friend, ka-ching! Achievement unlocked, and you get one more coupon slot.
So all I'm saying with that is that this whole thing, gaming achievements and everything, the app achievements,
it is now something Grandma uses to save money at Target. That's what achievements have become.
I mean, I get it, and Foursquare very largely pioneered a lot of this with its badges, and just the continued increase of them.
And there was also a camera app, not terribly unlike Instagram in 2009, that when Game Center and Custom Achievement integration first hit,
they would give you achievements and scores for filterless and filtered photos and all of these other snazzy framing and other things that you can do with the app.
I get it, and on a game console, if there's actually a merit to the reward, sure, but I... I don't know.
The generation's here. It's finally starting. Whatever. Just made me laugh and also cry.
All right. Some people in chat are asking questions here. Let's see. Tigerclaw says,
Yeah, that does sound weird. What if they give you achievement for watching certain movies?
What if you unlock an achievement of a movie you didn't want people to know you... which cause?
I don't know where the grammar went there. One is a guilty pleasure and afraid to tell anyone.
My assumption is certain things could be private by default, or in the case of the cartwheel thing,
I was just scanning through what the deepest discounts were, so I was looking at everything, and one of the things that came up was panties.
So I could save on panties if I want, but it was marked with a little padlock, and I was like, what does that mean? Oh, it's private.
So if I'm buying women's panties, I'm not going to have to answer that question with my friends who see that I'm using the app to save money.
Rob, why are you buying women's panties?
You watched Jersey Shore behind the scenes. A hundred points for your lost sanity.
So I would imagine certain things would be private, or you could lock away, or what have you, so there you go.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat wants to remind you, VOG gives achievements. That's right, our lovely network, vognetwork.com.
Gamified with the achievements, it's true. And now, in case you haven't heard me pimp this enough,
that whole gamification is turning into prizes. If you haven't checked that out, the raffle at vognetwork.com.
We're giving away cards against humanity this month. Next month we're giving away. Tune in next week to find out.
I finally got my first comment-based achievement on VOG Network the other day.
Did you?
Yeah, I don't comment too terribly much, but I was posting addendums and explaining things on a previous episode,
and I got enough cumulative likes that I'm finally starting to get some loot for the task.
Blackwolf in chat says, the app achievements are general. They're like, watch ten videos about your favorite team in the NFL app, not watch ten videos about the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Good.
I think I saw a little shade there. Alright, anyway, so achievements, you have to get them online and all that.
I think there's some people out there that might be making a bigger deal out of this than it needs to be, because my thought is,
well, aren't achievements mostly an online thing anyway? I mean, I realize some people might be like-
No, I wouldn't say so. Like, for games that have an expansive multiplayer experience, more so than any other, sure,
but the majority of the games that I play that have single-player career, NHL, a good- maybe not so much NHL, I take that one back,
but most everything else that I've played, a good 70%, 80% of them are local.
But if you want to show off those achievements to anybody, you're going to have to connect online eventually, so it can talk to the server.
360 and Playstation 3 both do that today.
Sure.
So, I mean, I think-
It's the same group of people that complain, that were complaining about the 24-hour requirement because shoddy internet, internet instability, you know, not having broadband, yeah.
All right. So, looking at- Bobby really wants me to read this. He sent me a private message.
Please note, the Xbox One achievements seem to be a combination of achievements and rewards on the 360.
The rewards bring avatar items on the 360. On Xbox One, some of those zero-point achievements bring in-game badges and titles.
So, yeah, I mean, and that's kind of like the whole, you know, like I was talking about Cartwheel a minute ago.
You're not playing anything, but you're still getting those rewards for using it.
And I imagine even things like Twitch and so- because Twitch sent an email out.
They blasted all their broadcasters and said, hey, you can get achievements in our new app.
And maybe- and I'm making shit up here, but it would not be outside the realm of possibility that Twitch could be like, and if you were in these achievements, you can archive X more hours of video.
Or your videos will be saved for X many more hours. Or your YouTubes will export this much faster.
Or whatever they want to do. You can chat in this color. You know, they could- whatever little achievements they wanted to get, they could do.
And it wouldn't be outside the realm of possibility for their power users, quote unquote.
So, all right. Let's move on. Loki. Speaking of Twitch, right?
Yes. Speaking of Twitch, I mean-
It's- I just have to say, before you get into this, it's so fascinating to me how much that site is now really, like, we have mentioned that site easily 20 times more the past month than we did last year.
Like, it's- the way it's so integrated into gaming culture now fascinates me. And again, I'm gonna say this again, it really fascinates me. Nobody's competing with them.
Do they have patents I don't know about? I mean, I guess there's Ustream, but you don't hear Ustream as much as you hear about Twitch. Fascinates me.
I mean, I would say the only other thing I can think of that comes close is, like, YouTube. But that is obviously- YouTube's different as well. You know, it's more video on demand and-
Twitch, as most know, was born out of Justin TV. Justin TV is in the same class as Ustream.
They're all very general and they have incredibly diverse content and it's a very broad service.
Twitch did something incredibly significant for gaming. It just isolated it to gaming.
And that alone, and, you know, featured the biggest games that everybody goes into. Spectate, Dota, League of Legends, Starcraft, WoW to a lesser extent, Hearthstone now.
They did something that was very specific, perhaps because they started signing contracts with these big companies a year or two ago.
But they have a dedicated, significant gaming experience and now they are reaping the fruits of those contracts.
It's just fascinating to me. And I think I joked last week, maybe Microsoft should delay Twitch TV so they can launch their whole Skype broadcast or Skype game room.
You know, I'm really surprised nobody else is trying to kind of get in on that. But anyway, that's a whole other show.
Sorry, Loki, I didn't mean to derail you, but it fascinates me how much we're talking about this and how much of a gaming culture it is now.
Well, so, you know, like we've said before, and actually I think more talking about Nintendo even.
Just, you know, hey, look at all the bad things that could possibly happen with, you know, because we were talking about the whole SwapNo thing and now you're saying,
hey, well, you know, what's to stop somebody from showing their penis over the video chat on Nintendo Wii U?
Well, people found out that, hey, guess what, you know, a really cool thing that you can do with the PlayStation 4 is that you can stream stuff with that wonderful Playroom app that's on there.
So, you know, you can basically sit down in a room and have those little robots running around and stuff and you can almost create your own talk show.
That's what, like, some people have been doing is they've been sitting there filming themselves doing stupid shit within the Playroom app.
And, unfortunately, it only takes, you know, one person to realize, hey, you can stream stuff out of there to have someone else realize, hey, I can stream really nasty, weird shit from there and that's what happens.
So, Twitch has been trying to crack down on it.
You know, they're continuing, it says, we continue to moderate according to the terms of service, non-gaming content is not allowed.
Non-gaming content, if using PlayStation 4 Playroom, the content must be about games or gaming within our terms of service.
Thanks for understanding. Discussing gaming is gaming content.
There are numerous such channels on Twitch such as One More Game.
However, what does not fall under the terms of service would be some dude having sex with his girlfriend on a couch in the middle of the Playroom app.
You know what? Twitch had to have a way to deal with this anyway, though, because you could do all that shit on a PC if you wanted with your webcam.
So, it's not like this is a foreign territory for Twitch to have to deal with, but, certainly, the PlayStation 4 and it broadening the Twitch community like that maybe is kind of the interesting element of this.
The unfortunate thing about, I really hope they don't disable Playroom for streaming, because just like I talked about the Google Plus thing earlier is a great way to get your foot in the door.
I think, and I think it's really fun when there's a lot of people, you know, part of what I like about this show too is that we're all in the same room, we all get to react to each other and so forth.
I think it would be awesome if people could do like broadcasts on Twitch through Playroom where they're all in the same room and, you know, confiding with each other and gesturing at each other and all that.
There was one example of that. There was someone doing a show called The Spartan Show and they were sitting down at a desk and they were talking about, you know, the PlayStation 4 and stuff and I think they were even taking Skype calls on a computer that was in there and they had like the setup and stuff.
So, that's kind of cool. Having sex with somebody or in this case, you know, there was one that's like some guy motorboating somebody in a horse head mask.
Not, that's a little weird, but.
Hasn't that happened on this show, though?
Not a horse head mask yet.
Maybe not a horse head mask, but I'm pretty sure one of the times.
Motorboating has probably happened.
Motorboating has definitely happened on this show.
I'm like, all those times Princess Irene has been here, I know motorboating has happened on this show.
Is this when I interject and say that Bobby Blackwell was just a little bit ahead of his time?
Friday Night Gaming?
Friday Night Gaming.
That was pre-Twitch. I'm fairly confident the entire age of that show.
He was doing it on Ustream, the other site.
Anyway, so outside of this crazy stuff, something of course that's being worked in right now is archiving.
They're planning on doing it for the Playstation 4.
Considering for the Xbox One, I think probably just right now because the Xbox One Twitch service hasn't launched yet.
So, once that does, we'll see what, you know, the feasibility of all that stuff.
I'm sure that they're going to have archiving on both sides at some point.
And of course, like I mentioned, the Xbox One does not have the Twitch service that launched and that is coming later on.
Sometime in the first part of 2014.
Yeah.
Alright. Lots of news with that. It's getting to be very social.
You know, there was an interesting Twitter discussion that happened this week.
And it was kind of about somebody was basically saying, like, what's the big fucking deal about game streaming?
I'm paraphrasing here really bad, but what's the big fucking deal about game streaming?
Like, do people really watch that stuff?
And I would say the answer is obviously yes.
And it's even getting bigger with all this in, you know, kind of enrichments into the Playstation 4 and Xbox One.
But the question was more like, you know, well, why?
Why do people watch other people play games when you can be playing them themselves?
And I respect that position because I was there myself just a couple years ago, maybe even last year.
And I'm sure I've said that on this show.
Why the hell would I livestream when I can play something myself?
But I have found through trying it and kind of getting into other people's streams
and seeing more and more of my friends easily be able to livestream.
It's, you know, it's so easy on Playstation 4 and helping friends of mine be able to stream.
It's somewhat the modern day equivalent of being able to go plop down next to somebody on the couch.
Whatcha doin'?
Even across, like, long distances.
Because that's almost like what it's become.
Like, Xtaphir might be streaming Resogun one night and I can just virtually go plop on him next to the couch.
Whatcha doin'? Whatcha playin'? How you doin'? You're dyin'.
You know, it's like kind of the modern equivalent of that in a way.
I think for me it's like, why?
You know, for some people they get to see the best of the best.
They might have some other reasons too.
But, you know, for me I just love the fact that there's people that would even want to watch it.
And I can make something that can be a single player experience sometimes be more social.
A friend of mine was streaming a bunch of fighting games, which normally I've been to a couple fighting game tournaments in my area.
Yeah, okay, I haven't played a fighting game in a really long time.
But then he switched to Divekick.
That game is completely frickin' fascinating.
And I'm mildly obsessed with it now.
I know him, I have known him for a number of years, so I was just kind of coming in to socialize.
I've heard how good he is at Persona 3 Arena, so I was just kind of seeing what he's up to and seeing the other games he wants to play.
And just happenstance, I saw a new game that I literally never heard about before that day.
And now every time I see it, it's just so simple on the face, yet so incredibly deep.
And just a very, you know, Divekick is unlike any other fighting game out there.
So it was just a good, random occurrence.
Dan at Live.vongnetwork.com says,
I told my wife, this is like my football. That's why I watch people stream games.
And now that these apps are showing up on TVs and the devices and so forth, you watch it almost the same way you watch football now.
Instead of a cable box, it's an Xbox One box.
Is that redundant? Xbox One box?
Mildly.
Mildly redundant.
Doomplaig says, some games are really fun to watch, particularly open world type games like Grand Theft Auto.
This wasn't particularly a big one, but imagine the modern equivalent of Geometry Wars.
Incredible twitch action, you know, once your brain can actually adapt to everything that's going on.
It turns into a very fun spectator event incredibly quickly.
MaskedBishop in the chatroom says,
When live streaming on the next gen consoles, can you see your viewer count?
Well, we don't know about Xbox One just yet, because that app's not out.
But on PlayStation 4, yes.
When you do the whole little, like, where it has the side and the bottom bar and it kind of shrinks the screen just slightly,
you can actually see how many people are watching the stream.
And it also counts how many chat lines have been spoken so far, which is interesting.
You can see how active your chatroom is.
But you can also see at the very bottom, you see the last two lines of chat.
Which, if you don't have a lot of people watching, you can probably stay on top of very easy.
But imagine if you're one of the more popular broadcasters, and you wouldn't be able to stay on top of the chat that way.
So I don't know.
20 messages a second? That thing will never stop moving.
That would be tough, so I don't know.
But I think a lot of people probably don't interact with their chatrooms as much if you get that many comments,
because it's just impossible to stay on top of, so.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on.
Sorry, we're running really long tonight, but hey, it's one of those nights.
I guess we dabble on this a little earlier in the show, but I want to talk about it a little more now.
This is about Nintendo talking about their Wii U lineup for 2014.
Basically, in an interview with Game Trailers, Reggie Fils-Aime, who of course is Nintendo of America's president,
said that there will not be a Wii U software drought like we saw in 2013.
Here it is, quote,
The way we're going to be different is, we're going to certainly have a steadier pace of games, both for Wii U and for 3DS.
The marketing activity is going to be constant throughout the entire year.
You tease me a little bit that, boy, the first half of 2013 was a little quiet.
And you know what, you look back and it was.
We're not going to be making that same mistake in 2014.
Hmm, admission.
So the pace, the ongoing activity, touching the consumer and messaging is what we're all about.
That's going to be a big difference next year.
I will say this, I went and saw Catching Fire on Friday, which by the way, amazing.
But they had a Wii U commercial, actually.
You know how they do, they do like the, this is the first look of the movies at the cinema.
Enjoy the, you know, basically the ads thrown at you while you're waiting for the movie to start.
Well, one of them was a big Wii U ad that actually was Mario 3D World.
And I laughed at it because it had a girl in a cat suit.
And I was like, this is like some weird furry action going on here.
No offense to furries, but it was just a little weird to see that in the commercial and so forth.
I was just laughing.
And it even said, out now.
And I was like, wow, that commercial must have just come out today.
Just in time for Catching Fire, which, you know, is obviously doing huge box office this weekend.
But I digress.
So Nintendo is trying to get the word out there in other ways, for sure.
So they have the movie ads, if nothing else.
But Reggie promising you're not going to see that same drought.
Well, I bet that's why Donkey Kong and Mario Kart 8 aren't coming out right now.
I think that's a huge part of it.
I think the Donkey Kong delay was strategical.
I don't think it had anything to do with the game not being done.
I think Mario Kart maybe needed a little more tweaks, because pushing that all the way back to April is quite a ways, maybe further.
But I think the Donkey Kong's now what? February? I think that is a strategical delay.
I think you didn't want to have two platformers out back to back.
And Mario 3D World is so damn good, you don't want to release Donkey Kong at the same time.
And then it's like, oh yeah, there's two good platformers.
It's because there's not a lot of Wii U titles coming out.
Yeah.
Seriously, there's not a lot of Wii U titles coming out.
So when Reggie talks about this whole, there's not going to be a drought, are you saying?
He's full of shit.
He's full of shit.
He's absolutely 100% full of shit, because here are the games coming out in February on the Wii U.
The Lego Movie and Donkey Kong.
So, does that sound like full of shit to me? That sounds like a whole heap of shit.
Could there be stuff we just don't know about yet?
Because, let's be real, they cranked out that Zelda Wind Waker HD thing fast.
Could they have other little, I mean, and we've heard the rumors before about the 64 revisited.
I don't remember what the, what the hell did they call that?
I even read that article.
I think I joked it was Wii U Imagine, like they call RuPaul's Drag Race or something.
It was something similar to that, but you know what I'm talking about, right?
Wii U Imagine.
Wii U Imagine or something.
Could that be something that's in their pocket that they haven't quite played those cards yet?
I don't think that they've, they've already announced their first quarter stuff.
I'm sorry, they have one other title in, so they have a title in January.
They are one of the only Wii U titles in January.
It's Wii Fit U, but it's a disc-based version for the game that's out already right now.
So that doesn't, I don't really count that because you could get it right now.
But yes, disc-based version of Wii Fit U will be out in January.
But come on, it's just...
Which was supposed to be out this year, if I'm not mistaken.
It is out right now.
No, the disc was supposed to be out this year, wasn't it?
Yeah, that was pushed back.
But there is a drought.
They're third-party, there's not a whole ton of games coming out.
It's just like the Lego movie.
And that's it so far for February.
March, there's gonna be some stuff, but that's it.
Gene in chat brings up a good point.
Live.fognetwork.com.
PlayStation 4 and Xbox One drought, though.
Could those systems be...
Not for as long, period.
Launch window, whatever.
Well, I mean, at least we know...
Is Destiny first quarter, or is that further back?
We look at it somewhere for Destiny.
Right now, I think placeholder is first quarter.
Okay, but Titanfall is first quarter for sure, right?
Titanfall is March.
So, there's some things trickling in there, at least.
But, I mean, Gene could have a good point.
I mean, could the other system...
I mean, what do the other systems have that's so great?
Well, there's a lot of placeholder stuff right now.
And to be fair, Lego Movie is on all platforms.
So, there's that.
They do have some other titles.
You know, because I don't remember off the top of my head,
so I'm gonna actually go look.
But, I know a lot of the stuff I have right now is placeholder.
Thief is supposed to be pretty soon.
I don't know if that's still gonna be first quarter,
if that'll get pushed back.
I was gonna say...
I think, at least in PlayStation's camp,
I don't know so much about Xbox One,
but PlayStation's camp, they're teasing a lot of...
Infamous.
Well, they're teasing a lot of... Oh, yeah, Infamous.
Well, that's...
That's March, I think.
They're teasing a lot of, like, betas.
You know, there's the Destiny beta.
There's the Final Fantasy XIV beta.
There's the Elder Scrolls Online beta.
Like, they're kind of trying to fill in the gap with all these,
like, well, the games won't be out,
but all these awesome previews you're waiting for will be.
So, give or take that.
So, anyway.
Alright.
So, if you don't have any other games to report on,
we'll move over to the next story.
I'll look it up.
I'll talk about it in a release.
You work on that.
Moving on to Jason.
Leaving the consoles,
as this game has never made a release on one so far,
Step Evolution announces ReRave Plus Arcade.
I have not seen the current ReRave arcade game,
but I'm going to assume it's very similar
to the rest of the touch-based attractions
that Dave & Buster has.
So, it is a big 40-inch touchscreen
at about just above waist level
and a nice placard sign to advertise what the game is.
But at a trade show in just the last couple of days,
IAAPA, they announced ReRave Plus
with a new cabinet design.
Very similar to how a lot of other games,
notably DJ Max Technica, are going about it.
Standing cabinet, taller than you,
with a little miniature platform
where the subwoofer is that you step up onto.
You have the lean-in touchscreen that you go into play
and then a spectator's touchscreen above your face.
The improvements that come to ReRave Plus,
notably any graphical changes or song lists,
will be available for current ReRave arcade installations,
but this new cabinet will look a hell of a lot better
for people that want to plunk that money in again.
I've played ReRave a couple times just on my phone.
Probably more likely my iPad
because phone's a little bit difficult.
Just a quick overview of the game
is that you have touch targets with timing.
It is a music rhythm game.
You touch them at a particular time.
It's Elite Beat Agents.
It's Elite Beat Agents without the dancers.
It's been a really long time since I played that game.
It's virtually Elite Beat Agents.
The only difference is that you can kind of better see
when the things are going to hit with the clock formations,
but that's really it.
And multiple taps.
Didn't Elite Beat Agents have those?
No.
Okay, then it's DJ Max Technica.
I wouldn't make that comparison.
A combination of the two...
Anyways, ReRave Plus,
massive improvements for the arcade installations next year,
and it's a very pretty game.
I would like to see this in my local Dave & Busters
or elsewhere that I've been that I can't think even has games.
I loved and hated at the same time
how they have to make sure that it's going to be relevant
for an arcade by putting ticket spitting into it.
Yeah, I completely glossed over that
even though I commented on it when I was watching the video.
This is going to be the first touch attraction game
that I've seen that is a redemption game
and actually spews tickets.
And it's one of those things where it's like,
ah, gross, but then at the same time you're like,
well, it's actually a worthy game to do that kind of thing.
Well, but the reality is that's the only way
it's going to get into arcades, which sucks.
Don't hear me wrong.
Imagine if DDR gave tickets.
All those noobs getting their free song on Beginner
would get like one, but then everybody else
that plays the super hard songs,
hey, we just raped the whole machine of tickets.
I'd have a ton of fucking tickets, I just gotta tell you.
I would have a ton of fucking tickets.
Well, I think the way you would do it is that
you would still have a ticket spin at the end of the game,
but depending on how hard the difficulty was
is how big the jackpot is.
It should be for every step that you make
that's on a perfect song.
It's like spitting them out, like shooting out of there.
Don't trip.
And I stand corrected, there are a lot more delayed Wii U games.
I forgot about which, put it this way,
they're not that mentionable.
There's Jet Tail Fin Racers,
which is based off an iOS Android game.
Although there is Game of the Year contender
Hello Kitty Cruisers that got delayed.
It got delayed?
Yeah, it got delayed.
Fuckers.
So there's your drought.
So yeah, if you want to call it non-drought
by delaying games, yeah sure, why not.
Let's play that way.
There are some confirmed, like for example
Drive Club is supposed to be coming out in February
and also confirmed the Xbox One version
of Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare is gonna be coming out.
Oh, there you go.
Alright.
So, if you want to talk drought, look at January.
There is Wii Fit U and Dragon Ball Z Battle of Z.
That's it.
You could look at January almost every year
and it's the same story.
No it's not.
Really?
This is ridiculous.
Well I do remember one year,
when did Bioshock Infinite come out this year?
It was pretty early.
And then sometimes you get the Final Fantasy 13, 2.
13, 2 was January.
And now Lightning Returns I think is February or March, yeah.
But that's encouraging.
It's very unusual to have two games only.
In December it's also two games.
Gran Turismo 6 and then the Vita game.
But you were supposed to have the South Park game.
That didn't happen.
That would have only been three games.
A lot of the games left.
Alright, let's talk about what's coming out now
as we travel around the world and check out release dates.
Now this was a pretty lengthy segment in previous weeks
but as Loki's indicating it's gonna start to dry up a little bit
but let's see if there's anything for this week anyway.
Loki?
A little bit.
It's more like someone took a fucking ShamWow to this shit.
No seriously, this week there's a whole lot of nothing.
It's basically Ys Memory of Celceta
which is gonna be coming out on Vita.
One super late announcement.
Air Conflicts Vietnam on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
And I almost think that's it.
I'm trying to lick it real quick.
I know that Frozen pack for Disney Infinity is supposed to be coming out this week.
That was another one.
But yeah, it's sad.
God, is that it?
Atari Flashback 4?
That's coming out?
Oh really?
What's cool about the Flashback 4?
Fuck if I know.
I wanna know more about that.
Those consoles are pretty neat.
Let's see.
I love retro games.
What can I say?
Yeah, Disney Infinity, the Frozen Toy Box set in Power Disc Pack 2
is gonna be coming out now if you're into that shit.
Good Black Friday deals.
Oh, one very late one.
A Halo Origins bundle which is basically just a rebundling of the Halo Anniversary
and Halo Reach.
So that'll be coming out this week as well.
And Black Friday, there is gonna be some...
I know there's a new PlayStation 3 SKU for $1.99
that comes with The Last of Us and Batman Arkham Origins.
So that's pretty good.
Girls fashion shoot got delayed again.
So that's on 3DS.
And that is literally it.
Alright, let's travel to Japan where things are a little more active this week.
For PlayStation 3, you have Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag
being released in Japan on November the 28th.
Also, Shin Sangoku Musou 7 Moshuden comes out this week.
There's a lot of different versions of that limited edition.
That's Dynasty Warriors, isn't it?
I think it is.
Koei did that one.
So that's a pretty big release out there.
Also, Himawari no Kyokai no Nagai Natsu Yasumi Extra Vacation comes out this week.
Regular and limited edition.
That's, again, all PlayStation 3.
And Super Robot Taisen OG Infinite Battle comes out as well this week.
So pretty busy week on the PlayStation 3 in Japan.
Taking a look at the Xbox 360 in Japan,
we have just Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag is it on the 360 in Japan.
So sounds like plenty more games coming out on the PlayStation 3 there,
but that's kind of the norm.
On the PlayStation Vita, Bitter Smile comes out this week in regular and limited edition.
Criminal Girls Invitation.
Invitation to what?
All sorts of criminal things.
That is the name of the game.
Criminal Girl Invitation.
And it's all these anime chicks in jail outfits.
This is cracking me up.
It's definitely some type of RPG.
I was going to say this is looking tactics-like.
It's got the whole hit points.
Not anymore it's not looking like tactics.
It's the hit points and magic points.
Is she spreading eagle in that shot?
This is for sick people.
I shouldn't say that.
All right.
Other releases in Japan.
Moving on beyond that.
Shing Sengoku Musou 7 comes out on the PlayStation Vita as well.
And White Album 2, Shiwase no Mukugawa comes out in Japan as well this week.
Pretty busy on the PlayStation Vita.
Looking at the Wii U quickly to see if there's anything this week.
Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag and Disney Infinity Toy Box Challenge.
I don't know if that's the initial release of Disney Infinity in Japan.
That's the 3DS one, yeah.
No, it's Wii U comes out in Japan this week.
That is the original.
So that's finally out in Japan this week it sounds like.
I guess they don't really have any content in there.
And on Nintendo 3DS they have that as well.
And this is exciting if you have a Japanese 3DS.
Hatsune Miku Project Mirai 2 comes out.
And there's all these little accessories to go with that if you're into that.
Surprise.
A new orange and black 3DS XL and a turquoise and black 3DS XL or as they call it over there, LL.
Couple other quick titles here.
Toriko Ultimate Survival, Pretty Rhythm Rainbow Live Kirikirami Design, and Kamen Rider come out this week.
And a whole hell of a lot of system and game accessories.
Yes, but that's nothing new for Japan.
How about the UK, Jason?
Alright, well unlike the Xbox One, Europe is just now getting its PlayStation 4.
So the lineup that we've come to know is just stacking up for this week in Europe.
Angry Birds Star Wars, Battlefield 4, Contrast, FIFA 14, Injustice Gods Among Us for both PlayStation 4 and Vita.
Madden NFL 25, Need for Speed Rivals, Putty Squad, that's Wii U, Super Motherload, the Pinball Arcade, and then Tiny Brains on the PlayStation 3.
Very quiet for the other systems.
Injustice Gods Among Us is of course cross platform, PS4, PC, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and PS Vita as well I think I already mentioned.
And there was one more, I said Super Mario 3D World is coming to Wii U over there.
And that's pretty much it.
Definitely the PlayStation 4 week this week.
Alrighty, just a few more news stories for you guys than the classic game of the week.
Let's run through these quickly because we're running long part A here. So, Loki.
Alright, there's a brand new firmware for PlayStation 4.
System Update 1.51 that's going to make some, I guess, minor refinements to the system UI.
And also, I guess, indicating when a user is downloading a game and a game patch at the same time.
And I guess, wow that's really it.
System Stability.
So, yay patch!
As it goes with new releases.
Yeah, it's nice though that they're coming out pretty quick.
That's pretty fast since the release of the system so I guess that's kind of cool.
I wouldn't expect a major content right now but good that they're at least fixing some things.
One other story here about Tomb Raider.
And yes, there is a Tomb Raider sequel in development.
And this is because Crystal Dynamics' Senior Art Director Brian Horton was talking about this during a lecture.
And a statement that is grabbing some headlines was the fact that it was well financed.
But let me bring some clarity to that statement here.
There was a European trademark registered for Tomb Raider Reflections.
Could that be the sequel's title? Who knows.
But certainly when trademarks, people run wild with those, but that could be it.
Square has also confirmed that there's going to be a reveal in early December.
So possibly Spike TV.
This is one of the things that will be announced during the video game awards there.
And then during the UK's Bradford Animation Festival,
the aforementioned art director was taking some questions from the audience.
And he said in regards to the Tomb Raider sequel, quote,
We've announced the sequel. I'm glad I can finally talk about.
The Tomb Raider sequel is the next chapter of Laura's development.
Her life is changing. She can't go back to the way she was.
It seemed to recall they did announce the sequel after there was the whole, like,
there was the comic book that was being made and the comic book maker mentioned something.
So it kind of led to this.
But anyway, then a question was asked by the audience about, you know,
Square Enix had called the game a failure earlier this year,
which many of us looked at that and went, You guys smoking crap?
Because Tomb Raider is kind of awesome and it sold millions.
So what do you mean it's a failure?
Well, the reply from Brian Horton was, quote,
We don't talk about our budgets. It's a well-financed game.
We're not spending any more on a sequel than on the original game.
So I wouldn't take well-financed to mean like, Oh, they're just throwing money at it.
I think I would just take that to mean, Don't worry.
The game will come out and it will be like they're not going to cut corners.
And, you know, it's going to be a crappy quality because of that.
I think that's what they're trying to reassure people of.
So, um, the Tomb Raider reboot was great.
And I think if the sequel can kind of capture that magic, uh, I'm looking forward to it.
I would be interested in this. So I'm looking forward to the reveal.
I'm curious to see what they do with her now, because obviously the first one was,
was all kinds of scary and really had that like caves environment and all that.
So I'm curious, are they going to now do the whole like exotic worlds and that like,
will that be the, she'll become a pirate.
It'll be just like Assassin's Creed four or, or well charted Lara Croft edition,
or will it still be like super scary and, and the whole, like, you know,
as, as Jamie calls it on the show, the game called girl,
you know, will the sequel be girl who knows girl.
All right. So we'll see what happens with the two Raiders sequel, but, um,
they're, they're trying to reassure us.
It's taken care of and, and don't you worry.
You'll be hearing more on it soon. All right. Uh,
let's get to the classic game of the week because as you know,
every week here on orange lounge radio,
we asked stark soccer to jump into the gaming vault and find a game that she
thinks, Hey, you ungrateful brats,
put down your Xbox one and your PlayStation four and we use and go check out a
real classic this week. Yeah.
Definitely put that shit down. You don't even need a reason to put that out.
Yeah. All right. But dark soccer is not here tonight. So, uh, we invited, uh,
Jason to pick this week cause Jason's never got to pick the classic in the
week. I guess I can. You've done a lot for the show over the years.
So we kind of view this as a, a, a,
a present of sorts that you can pick the game of the week this week.
So Jason,
what have you picked tonight for the classic game of the week tonight?
I picked vets by spectrum Holobytes.
All right. And I just going to warn,
I'm going to warn people right off.
That is the noise with this game.
It uses like PC speaker, right?
Only PC speaker.
PC speaker.
So there's not a lot of music with this and it's a lot of incidental break
squeaks. So, but I will, as I always do,
let the music play in the background, whatever it is.
So it is quite literally just a break squeals and a police sirens.
And yeah. Anyways, here you go.
Developed by sphere and published by spectrum Holobyte.
First and foremost,
I will say that this game is spelled V E T T E vet as in short for Corvette.
It is an with an exclamation point with an exclamation.
Don't forget about that.
That is an incredibly early and incredibly crude race in simulation game.
It was originally released in 1989 coming,
coming out on IBM PCs running MS-DOS and Macintosh computers.
It is set in San Francisco. It features terrain,
notable landmarks,
high speed racing across all of the upper peninsula of San Francisco.
It'll take you to landmarks anywhere from the San Francisco zoo across both
bridges and plenty of notable landmarks in between.
This game is 100% a relic of times past.
When the game starts,
you have to answer a question based off details in the instruction manual in
order to play the game.
It asks you things like specific tuning parameters of,
I think it's all actually Corvettes.
There may be the European sports cars too in there.
I don't entirely remember.
It was a long time ago when I played it.
Um, what's really fun about this game is that if you do,
if you answer the question incorrectly,
you get all the way to the start of the race.
And as soon as go is waived,
a police siren is heard and you are arrested in game for driving a stolen vet.
That's funny. That's great. I like that.
Just the, Oh man.
Can I just say quickly though,
it always blows me away how all these racing games are set in San Francisco,
which I get to an extent, you know, you have the landmarks and,
and the Hills of San Francisco make it interesting and everything,
but just as somebody who drives a lot in San Francisco, um,
real racing in San Francisco is being stuck in traffic all fucking day.
You don't race in San Francisco.
There's too many cars.
You race to make it down five miles on the one-on-one in like 30 minutes when
you're already late for your appointment.
And heaven help you if Bart is striking.
As, as I learned when I came into town last time.
Yes.
Yes. 100% correct.
Uh, the core of the game, it is a racing game.
You pick one of four types of Corvettes,
age appropriate and choose one of four European sports cars as your opponent.
Uh, one of the four, there are four key destinations to race.
The fourth being a worldwide tour encompassing the three previous levels.
And despite the display of American Corvette dickwagging,
the funnier part of this game is that if you lose to your opponent,
one of the most often messages you get is don't feel bad.
I programmed this game.
So apparently the developers may have been more in love with the European
sports cars in the Corvette. I don't know.
It's a very, it's very interesting mix of cultures there.
Um, there are degrees of difficulty and realism on the easiest mode called
trainee. There will be no car damage.
Police will not be a factor.
Uh, turns will be tight and cruise control will just be full speed at all
times. Even if you collide with something,
you will instantly go back up to your cruise control speed.
When the object moves out of your way. Yes, there are collisions.
There are damage. There is realism to the extent you can call it for 1989.
Um, as you increase in difficulty,
these various options will start becoming more and more realistic.
If you speed go down the wrong way, uh, go down a one way street,
the wrong way. Um, uh,
Oh, Hey, look at that Bay bridge.
That's the golden gate bridge lights and police will start to pursue you.
You will get pulled over and you will even have to give your excuse to the
officer before he writes you a citation. There is even manslaughter.
There are characters in the city of San Francisco that you can run into and
they go from a standing crude Sprite to a flattened crude Sprite.
Um, the pro difficulty level turns all of these on, on full realism,
damage, traction, police, and cruise control are all said to be realistic.
Pretty convincingly too, I will say. Um, Oh, and by the way,
your opponent is immune to all of this and is damn fast.
He's incredibly frustrating. This game was oodles of fun for me when I was,
uh, well it came out when I was four,
but I'm sure I was playing it more when I was five, six or seven.
And despite how crude it is, there's just something colorful,
wonderful, fun, defined, and really,
really incredibly interesting about this game.
Yeah. When you look at these old racing games, you're kind of like, wow,
this looks like shit. But I mean, at the time this is, I mean,
you think, I think of an Epic game, like what was that? Not hard drive in,
but what was the sequel? The stunt racing one where you do,
or was it hard drive in?
Are you thinking the big sitting cabinet?
Was it maybe stunts? Yeah.
Where you would go over the loop and all that shit like that game looks like
utter garbage now. But back in the day,
we were plunking down a dollar because dude, you could drive around a loop.
And we loved it. And it's VR realness.
Test drive three, man.
So anyway, sorry, Jason.
This game, this game is as zany as it is shockingly deep to the point that it
can actually represent it. If you don't want to race,
there's also a tour mode,
which will immediately warp you to time period appropriate landmarks,
the Coit tower, the ferry building, Fisherman's wharf and the piers,
the trans America pyramid. Yup.
And of course Lombard street and all of its glory completely represented in
this game.
The kicker of this game is that there's a lot of crude and silly elements.
Like for example,
I'm staring at the video right now and there's a gear there's there's a
shifter. There's the gear box. No,
there's the shifter with the character's hand on it. And the,
and the gear is represented by a little notch in, you know,
one is top left, two is bottom left, et cetera, et cetera.
But the hand never moves.
There's just this little switch that goes through the image YouTube for vet.
You'll see what I'm talking about. Automatic or manual.
You can do it both. Um, the,
the kicker of all this game and we were talking about this before with Atari
and everything else. This game was less than one megabyte in size,
one single floppy disk for the whole of the upper peninsula.
And yeah, these objects are crude, but they're fricking 3d standing objects.
This game actually does have terrain. So you actually go sloped roads.
The background images are cute. There's a,
there were some serious polygons on that golden gate bridge.
It's amazing the objects that they put together to make this game for less
than one megabyte, completely astounding.
All right, there it is.
There it is a look into racing games on the PCs passed with the classic game
of the week vet. All right, there it is.
That's vet with an explanation point, not like, you know,
my first pet vet. Yeah. Or something like that.
My first pet accident.
Hey, there it is. Uh, thank you very much, Jason. That was a good pick.
You know what? Because I like hearing about games that like I would have never
looked up otherwise. And considering that I did play a lot of old school games,
I'd actually never heard of this game. So you, you stumped me on that one.
Good job, Jason. All right. That does it for part a,
but we have plenty more show to come after a quick break.
We have a rapid fire news coming at you.
The focal question of the week talking about sales and frugal gaming news about
current racing games. So, uh,
going from a classic racer to things like fours of five and Gran Turismo six,
your emails, your calls at one eight seven seven game,
O L R and plenty more when we come back with more of orange lounge radio.
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live on this Sunday night,
November the 24th of 2013 with our 528th episode already in progress.
We've had a heck of a show so far tonight. Yeah. Jason's joining us here.
If you are just joining us live, dark soccer out for the night,
she had a prior engagement,
a family affair as those things tend to happen this time of year and a real
quickly since you know, Thanksgiving week is this coming week here in America.
I just want to wish all of our listeners who are celebrating Thanksgiving this
coming week. I want to wish you all a happy Thanksgiving. Uh, and you know,
we here at orange launch radio, as cheesy as this sounds,
we really are thankful for all of you guys who take the time out of your day to
listen. Those of you that participate with the show here live on Sunday nights.
Uh, those of you that listen, uh, via the podcast,
those of you that leave comments at vog network.com, those of you that email,
those of you that leave the kind reviews on iTunes and Stitcher and all that.
We just really appreciate you guys. Thank you for being a part of the community.
You are our motivation. That is why we've been here for the past. God,
how long has it been? 11 plus years at this point. I have lost count.
It has hit that point. I have lost count of how many episodes we've had,
but since, since June of 2002, we've been here at orange launch radio.
We are thankful for you guys. You keep us going. So a happy Thanksgiving to all
you out there. And if you aren't in America, you know,
you're Canadian or you're, you're British or Australian or from another country
that doesn't have Thanksgiving this week, then I will say, enjoy your week,
making fun of us and our black Friday mania and all that crap.
So enjoy your week, making fun of us for all of that. Uh, we,
we deserve it quite frankly. Um,
but I'm hoping for some good deals come cyber Monday.
I'm crossing my fingers and my toes. Maybe I can get,
maybe I can get Diablo three on PlayStation three at a steel price on cyber
Monday. And because I'm certainly not braving those crowds on black Friday.
I will say this. I have gone out on black Friday,
like late at night and it's just like any other day. Like if you,
if you go at like seven or eight o'clock at night to target or whatever,
it's just like any other day because all the, all the crazies are done.
They went to bed, all the,
all the TVs for 99 bucks or whatever crazy shit's going on.
They're all long since sold out. So nobody's around for those anymore. So, uh,
black Friday is not so bad in that regard,
which is good because sometimes I realize I need toothpaste and then, Oh shit,
I don't want to be anywhere near a store on black Friday, but there you go.
All right.
I'm just hoping there's been enough pushback that stores don't make a habit of
actually being open on Thanksgiving night. Like prior to midnight Fridays,
Fridays rough and you know, the five,
the 4am starts and the midnight starts and all that kind of crap is, is rough.
But at least it's on Friday. People that have companies that have talked about
being open on Thanksgiving night, like eight o'clock,
8pm or some nonsense like that.
I seriously hope that that is not prolific and does not trend in future years.
Not to deviate too much from the topic of video games,
but since a lot of video games are on sale during this special period,
we'll go into this a little bit. But, um, you know,
I do kind of understand both sides of it is that, you know, there,
if the audience wasn't there for it, they wouldn't do it.
And they do have to get the particular sales and all that. You know,
I do to some extent understand that, you know,
and that is what you sign up for where you work at when you work in retail.
And there is other industries like policemen don't get the day off.
Firefighters don't get the day off. You know, it just,
sometimes it comes with the territory. I'm not defending it totally.
I'm just trying to look at both sides.
I'm going to tell you what I don't like about it.
This is why I don't like about it is that it's starting to eclipse Thanksgiving.
And that's that, no, no, no, no, no.
We do not get two days off of work to celebrate Black Friday.
And that's starting to be what it's becoming.
And that's the part that gets me more than anything is well,
we're starting to eclipse Thanksgiving. And you know, that's,
that's where things get a little, little, I don't like it for me,
but you know, there's a lot of places that don't,
hospitals don't stop running on Thanksgiving.
So let's give thanks to those folks that, you know,
work hard when the rest of us have a day off.
And then deal with the trampling crazies the day afterwards.
Yeah. Yeah. No kidding.
Four hours. Not even 24 hours goes by before that stuff happens.
Yeah. So, all right. Let's move on.
Let's get back into some rapid fire news.
Get back to what the games are all about. Loki.
Yes. So there was a lot of Persona announcements after, you know,
a countdown. And I kind of, it was funny,
they had some videos that go along with it.
Trolling, you know, Persona fans,
you know, they had a video with this old woman that was announcing something.
And they had a trailer in the background of, you know,
it playing in Akibahara.
And you couldn't see it because her head was in the way.
On purpose.
Anyways, Persona 5 announced for PlayStation 3.
I'm assuming coming out, it says Winter 2014.
So, pretty soon.
Persona Q, Shadow of the Labyrinth.
That's coming out on 3DS, was that?
Yeah, 3DS. So it's supposed to be June 5th in Japan.
So, probably sometime during the summer in North America.
Persona, or P4U, Persona 4,
the Ultimax Ultra Suplex hold on PS3.
That is going to be a follow up to Persona 4 Arena.
And then there's Persona 4,
Dancing All Night.
That's going to be coming to Vita.
And it's supposed to be a music game.
A rhythm action game, I guess.
Oh, that should be fun.
Yes, and that's coming Autumn of 2014.
So, lots of Persona for you.
Persona fans, still not satisfied.
Even though that's probably like, literally 5,000 hours of gameplay.
No, I'm teasing, obviously.
But no, that is exciting.
Considering the lack of good games based on this franchise,
Game of Thrones is going to be getting a brand new series of games,
or at least a game, from Telltale.
And that's pretty awesome.
There's no way it will be less than one game.
This will be a series like everything else.
So, I don't know, I think it's pretty awesome.
Because I know they've had the strategy game, which is alright,
and then they had that Game of Thrones game that came out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
It was kind of lame.
But, can't go wrong with Telltale.
There's no way they can fuck that up.
Well, I'm just going to say this,
as much as I agree, and Telltale's put out a lot of quality stuff,
I'm a little sad that that King's Quest thing didn't happen.
That's a little irritating.
I was really looking forward to the Telltale King's Quest game,
so the fact that that kind of didn't happen is sad.
But, yay, Game of Thrones, I guess.
I'm totally using this story as an excuse to bitch about King's Quest not happening.
I'm sorry, but I had to.
Well, I would think probably Activision's going to be at fault there.
Because, you know, they're the ones that have the license, don't they?
Um, yeah, but, you know, fuck them.
What are they going to do with it?
Treyarch, first person shooter, King's Quest.
I'd still play that, but yeah.
Argh.
No idea.
And then, of course, you know, not a huge...
I guess it's sort of a surprise that John Carmack is leaving id Software.
And I think a lot of that has to do with the fact that, you know,
he's working with the Oculus folks as their chief technology officer.
And I'm not sure what else he's doing, but he is resigning.
And he's been at the company for 17 years, but it's too bad.
That seems short for some reason.
Was that...?
17 puts it back to 1996.
But didn't...
That was like, after Doom and everything, wasn't he there for...?
I thought so too.
I think I'm just fucking up my id Software history.
Maybe.
My question is, though, is that why Rage was on sale this weekend?
Your golden parachute is made up of the sales of this game.
Oculus Rift, though.
Jason, have you played Oculus Rift?
I have.
Oh, and I didn't mention that.
Since I got back into town, if I didn't mention this,
I don't remember when I actually played it,
so I may or may not have mentioned it last time I was on the show,
but I've been wanting to get my hands on an Oculus Rift,
not out of my own pocket.
There is an Oculus Rift at the office, owned by a coworker of mine,
that leaves it there because he and a friend of his sometimes stay late
and do, you know, hack on 3D projects and that kind of stuff.
I don't know if I have...
Hack on 3D projects, play 3D pornography games, you know.
Well, play 3D games, most definitely.
I won't doubt that one.
Anything else?
Well, that's a whole other discussion.
Just remember what the Internet's for, Jason.
But I do have A for the Awesome, R for the Awesome,
and I have played that in Oculus mode.
And with the exception of one level that had a really, really weird visual bug
where the sky was, like, bleeding out,
the backdrop of the ground was bleeding out a lot of the buildings and whatnot,
that game is fucking fantastic with the Oculus Rift.
Oh, my dear sweet God.
I love that game just in general, but having...
You know, there's contention about which display mode to use with the Oculus Rift,
whether head tracking should be where your aiming is.
I don't think so.
Other people do whatever.
That's what the choice is for.
But for, you know, the skydiving simulator in a freaking Oculus Rift,
oh, my God, that is so much fun.
Absolutely love it.
I love the Oculus Rift, too.
That demo that Bobby gave me at Dragon Con was pretty awesome.
I'm excited to see some more, you know, game development talent go over there,
because obviously you have a lot of concepts on Rift right now
and a lot of really cool demos,
but to hear that there could be some great games that come out of that,
it's good news.
I've been two weeks ago,
also obviously still when I was in San Francisco,
because that's where the Rift is, like I said.
A couple of coworkers stayed late,
and one individual was demoing it to other people,
and it was kind of funny because one of them didn't understand
that it was head tracking and not, like,
she said afterwards that she thought it was, like,
augmented reality or something like that,
that she'd be able to see through.
So when somebody else is playing, she would go up and,
hey, hey, wave on the other side of the Rift,
and we're like, it doesn't work that way.
She can't see you.
And then when she actually put it on,
she still had that mentality,
and so she was doing the Italy house demo,
if you saw just the basic FPS.
I did, yeah.
And so there were, like, wispy things in the air,
like the torches would let out those little quick flames.
I think she said butterflies and maybe even leaves.
I actually kind of don't remember it myself.
But she was walking around, and she would, you know,
she would wave her arm at him, and she would flick,
she would try to hit him,
and obviously nothing happened except for adjusted angle
and viewing.
But afterwards, after they had both understood
what was actually going on, they were like,
yeah, that's cool, but what about immersion?
And so I just kind of turned to them, and I said,
well, that's what the treadmill attachment is for
that was demoed at PAX so that you can actually,
you have a game pad or some other joystick in hand,
you have the Oculus on your head, and then you suit yourself,
you strap yourself in, and you start walking on a treadmill,
and that's as close to immersion as you're going to get
until the holodeck comes.
We've got to watch the Oculus Rift talk,
or we're going to be the Bobby Black Wolf show.
So love you, Bobby.
Honestly, TLDR, amazing, as always.
Honestly, if the Oculus Rift was a new console
that was coming out in November,
that would probably be more exciting than some,
see, that at least has a hook.
That's a new way to play games.
It's kind of a push forward in technology
other than game console with better specs.
That's fucking PC with better specs.
I mean, come on.
That is something that has a little bit more of a hook.
Interesting way to look at it.
To register participation for this week's episode
of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, illegal.
All right, let's move on with some more rapid-fire news, though,
including, here's another story about fucking Twitch,
but it's about Minecraft,
which that's a game that won't die in a community that won't die,
and with good reason.
I'm not saying it should.
And Oculus support.
And does it have Oculus?
Of course it does.
Why am I even asking?
Of course it has Oculus support.
But anyway, one-click Twitch streaming
is now coming to the PC and Mac versions of Minecraft.
I know Path of Exile, which is a game I played not that long ago,
has this as well.
You're starting to see this built into the game.
You don't even need open broadcast software
or any of those programs to stream.
You just click in the game and there you go.
This was kind of outlined at MineCon recently,
but now in Minecraft you do a quick visit
to enable streaming in the account settings.
All you have to do, press F6, there you go.
And if you need to walk through the features,
that's available, of course, on YouTube,
because, you know, people can stream and then archive to YouTube.
That's that.
So many more Minecraft streams to come.
The creators of Minecraft, very good about,
they do not try to enforce copyrights on any of their stuff
on Twitch or YouTube or any of that.
They're like, go forth and mine.
It's just make all the Minecraft stuff you want.
And of course, Hunger Games, Minecraft, YouTube,
they're everywhere.
Those are huge.
They look fun.
I just never could find something to join in with.
I wish we could do one of those, but I know.
We could, but it's a lot of work.
They have a script for it.
I want to play Final Fantasy XIV and World of Warcraft.
Moving on, I want to play A Legend of Zelda,
A Link Between Worlds.
And now that I've registered it to my club Nintendo account,
maybe I can get these rewards, which is pretty neat.
Three posters based on the game is a new club Nintendo reward.
They measure 22 by 28.
And I don't know if these are a limited time deal or what have you.
It costs 500 coins if you want these posters.
So there you go.
By the way, you can also get A Legend of Zelda,
A Link to the Past for 150 coins for the Wii Virtual Console,
because it's not out on Wii U yet,
but I'm sure it will be before too long.
In fact, I haven't looked at what Virtual Console games came out for Wii U recently,
but there was a lot of, let's just say, scraping the bottom of the barrel,
some of the really old Nintendo launch titles that people don't care about anymore,
like Clu Clu Land.
Sorry fans of Clu Clu Land, but let's be real, no one cur,
but that's been what some of the Virtual Console releases have been lately.
The next gen console wars did continue in South Park.
We talked about this a little bit last week,
when the first half of South Park aired.
Well, sure enough, it was a two-part episode,
and the second half did air this week.
It was the continued story of Black Friday.
A Song of Ass and Fire apparently was the name of the episodes.
Go figure.
And there you go.
They are dressed in a little bit of product placement.
The characters of South Park were dressed up like the characters in the RPG,
which is coming out now March of 2014.
A lot of people talking about the Princess Kenny anime intro.
I'm gonna be honest, I didn't watch this week's yet.
It's pretty funny.
I plum forgot.
Who won the console war in the end?
Spoilers.
I didn't watch it, but I saw that sequence, so I watched it on YouTube.
God dammit.
Probably better we don't answer that for spoilers.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
For spoilers, some people are gonna be like,
your shows spoil things.
Alright, let's move on.
Jason, what do you have for us?
Alright.
Polyphony Digital are attempting to do the impossible.
Release a Gran Turismo in a timely manner.
The best case scenario will be that Gran Turismo 7 will come out next year,
with Gran Turismo 6 finally releasing on December 6th.
But that is the best case, and things get bumped,
and new generation, and new consoles, and feasibility.
Well, you know, we'll see.
This is considerably impressive considering that the wait between Gran Turismo 5 and 6
was three years, and the wait between 4 and 5 was nearly six years.
Best of luck to them, and especially making it look completely awesome
on modern...modern consoles, I say, as they just came out this week.
Hello.
Three PS1 games are available for free on a PlayStation Home scavenger hunt.
It's a short little 13-hidden card minigame in Home.
Shouldn't take you more than 10, 20 minutes tops,
but the games are Twisted Metal, Warhawk, and Destruction Derby,
which are frickin' great titles to add to your collection, so why not?
And lastly, Strider 2014, the reboot, will also include the original version,
Strider 1 and 2, the PS1 versions rather, not Arcade or anything like that.
Strider 2014 is slated to be released on February 22nd,
will include the first two. Get your history on and enjoy these games.
Oh, I lied, it's not just PlayStation 4, I'm crazy.
Strider 2014 is going to be on PC, Xbox 360, and Xbox One.
When's that out? I missed the date.
February 22.
Yay, there's something to look forward to in that early window.
I totally forgot one of the games I played this week.
I'll have to name it next week. It's alright.
There was a download game I totally played earlier this week.
I spent an entire night playing it, and then it was like, oh, new games to play.
I do that way too much, but I would just say the download games really help bridge the gap.
Alrighty, let's get to the FUGL question of the week.
Every week here, we take Facebook and Google+, slam it together, you get FUGL.
Let's get to the question of the week.
And I will read some of the answers from Facebook and Google+, because we are running a little long tonight. Sorry, guys.
Where the hell are the posts on Google+, I can't see them.
Alright, fine, we'll go to Facebook first.
For some reason, my computer is running so slow too. I'm sorry if it's causing the feed to skip.
Also, all the account madness that we did earlier today may have been a factor in this.
That very well could be, who knows.
Well, I had to get the YouTube channel back. We haven't posted to it for like four years.
Alright, anyway, here we go, the FUGL question of the week.
Brace yourselves, holiday shopping season is coming.
Are there any holiday gaming deals you plan to pick up over the next few weeks?
Do you typically wait for games to go on sale before buying them, or does the desire to play them right away usually win out?
So let's go to some of the answers from Facebook.
Redthehay says, I plan to buy older games online or at the store that are usually under $10.
It depends on the game. If it's a single-player game I really, really want, or something I can play with my regular online buddies, or a mix of both like Grand Theft Auto 5, I usually get it at launch.
Forthefallendreams says, Cyber Monday sales rule because it can wait and come to me, dammit.
Murica!
Andy R. says, the desire to play right away wins out almost all the time.
That and pre-order bonuses, stupid as they sometimes are.
I'll probably still take a look at the deals coming up, but buying a PlayStation 4 last week and a 3DS a couple months ago means I'm holding off on spending too much at the moment.
Daniel S. says, there aren't any specific games I want to buy per se, but if they're a really good deal on something I'll snatch it up.
Those are usually Steam sales, but outlets have been known to clear their inventory of large collector's edition boxes.
Ooh, that's really true.
DJ Synthetic says, I'm just hoping for a purple 3DS bundle type thing. I need to start playing something not Call of Duty Ghosts.
DJ Rama S. says, Gamestop has some sweet deals I plan to pick up. I do try to wait for games to go on sale, but on the same token I'm in no rush to play a lot of the games that are coming out.
So by the time I get that game it's usually under $30. Score!
Alright, now going over to Google+, now that it's loaded, let's look at just a few comments over there.
Act Def says, I already jumped the gun on getting a Zelda Wind Waker Wii U on the Mexican version of Black Friday, which is El Buen Fin, or The Great Weekend.
I did not know that was a thing. I learned something tonight.
Tech 2030 says, even though I just bought a Playstation 4, if there is a killer Black Friday deal for a Wii U, I'll probably pull the trigger on that one.
It's killing me that I'm not playing Super Mario 3D World in Wind Waker HD already.
And lastly, Sam H. says, Xbox Live and Playstation Plus 12 month subcards for $30 at Gamestop.
That's right, Rob. I'm going to Gamestop.
Well, you know what, I can't really blame you for that, Sam, though. That's a pretty good deal.
Even I want to go get the Playstation Plus card at that rate, because it's a really good deal.
Those are some of the answers from our Facebook and our Google Plus communities.
By all means, please go read the rest of them.
How about you guys? I think we might have dabbled into this a little bit, but do you have any Black Friday, Cyber Monday deals you guys are looking into?
I already mentioned Diablo 3 as something I want to grab if I can get it dirt cheap.
I'm not paying $60 for a game I already have for free.
But for the console version, yeah, I'm tempted.
Jason?
Invariably, Steam's going to have something that's interesting. I have a pretty big wish list.
But specifically, I just haven't had the time to even consider this kind of stuff.
Not to mention all of the... not that the newest things are going to be too deeply discounted, but I have exactly none of the newer consoles.
And so those are saving for those as higher up on my radar.
Something Steam, it'll happen. Other than that, ask me next year.
Loki?
No. Unless there's something on Steam that I have to have, which I say there probably isn't going to be, but you never know.
There always will be. There's some indie title that wasn't on your radar that will be eventually.
Splunkies! I know one I really want to get that I just haven't... I'm sure the minute that goes on a deep Steam sale, it'll be mine.
I forgot about Steam sales, Jason, you're right. That's gonna hurt. It's gonna hurt this year.
You already said it once in this episode. Winter is coming. That can only mean one thing.
That's right. Steam sale!
I still haven't even picked up Bioshock Infinite, even though they had it for like $11 for all three games.
Bioshock 1, 2, and Infinite.
Ooh, I gotta get that too. That's a good point.
So it'll be like five bucks by the time.
Alright, let's move on with some other news, and then we'll get to the mailbag, the FUs of the Week, and all that other good stuff. Loki?
So Fours of Five. Fours of Five, as people realize once they purchase a game, has a bit of a monetization business model to it.
Granted, you can play the game and unlock stuff, or you can buy some tokens.
And the tokens, their pricing model for the tokens is really stupid, actually, because they have different bundles you can get.
And you usually think, oh, I'm buying more so I get a better deal on it.
It's actually the opposite. If you buy less, you get a better deal on it.
But they have, I guess they were talking about different cars and stuff.
For example, if you were to buy the McLaren or something like that, the P1, the cost of that, the token pack, they're saying, well, this is all in Euros, of course.
So they're saying $15.99 would be, I guess it would cover both of those cars.
100 is like 79 Euro? I don't know what that is over here. I think it's like 89 cents over here.
79 Euros is $107.
I'm sorry, .79 Euros, not 79 Euros.
Yeah, $1.
So about a dollar.
So basically, I think they did the same thing with Real Driving 3 when that came out or something, where they added it all together.
I want to say it was like $2,200 is what they came up with as far as what's going to cost.
Oh, here we go. Token costs in the US.
So 100 tokens runs you 99 cents.
If you want 325 tokens, it's going to run you $5.
Yes, you heard correctly, 325 tokens is $5.
Whereas if I spent $5 on the 100 tokens, I get 500 tokens because that makes fucking sense.
Thanks for letting me bundle easily, guys.
$575 is $10.
Let me throw this out there because the chat's being a little adamant about this point.
ActDeft in chat at live.vognetwork.com. First, I love this.
BlackWolf at live.vognetwork.com says, the monetization ain't as bad as whatever Loki's about to say.
And then ActDeft said, monetization as in buying tokens and credits, those exist since fours of three.
I seriously don't know why people are making a big fuzz about this monetization thing.
I do think in some extent it is an opportunity for people to pounce on a new system and,
oh my God, this is the route we're going down.
I think it's because this game has half the cars that the last game had is more like it.
And that they're offering, oh, you can get more cars than DLC.
Yes, I understand that's because the cars are modeled in higher resolution or whatever excuse they want to use.
But it's a little shady when you're buying a system for $500 and then you're buying a game for $60.
And then they are saying, hey, you know what, you can also buy some cars too if you want to spend another $100 on it.
I kind of think that's where it's at is that people have hit their saturation point with seeing the freemium model in the premium games.
And I kind of just think the reason why this is all catching fire and you're seeing it,
it's not like we're the first ones to get out there and make it sound like it's all new because there's a lot of gaming blogs that are running this,
like it's Xbox One poison. You know you guys have read that out there somewhere.
I think it's because people are just hitting their saturation point where it's like, okay, stop injecting freemium models into premium games.
It's not, yeah, I don't have a problem with it being on this game.
I have a problem with it being on any game that you're paying retail price for.
If it's a free-to-play game, okay, fine. That's fine because they've got to make their money somehow.
But you've already made your money selling me this game and now you're saying, oh, well, we need more money.
Like for example, they were saying, though, that I guess one of the cars was like $100.
Yeah, okay, so they had the Lotus E21 is 6 million credits or 10,000 tokens.
So yes, 10,000 tokens would be $100 in real money if you wanted to just buy the car and not play the game to unlock those tokens or whatever, or credits.
That's kind of lame. I mean, fuck, I thought it was kind of lame in Forza Horizon where they had the shit you could unlock for tokens.
So I think it's lame everywhere. And come on, this is ridiculous. There's no excuse that this needs to be in there.
And I hate when the developers or publishers go, but the people wanted it. It's like, no one fucking wants it.
Yeah, I remember a day when UpUpDownDownLeftRightLeftRightBA Start gave me all that shit.
But I will say, at least in the case of Forza Horizon, I still love that game an awful lot.
So it's not like this ruins the game per se, and I haven't played Forza 5 so I can't speak to it, but I have played Forza Horizon a lot.
It didn't ruin the game per se, but it's just one of those things where you kind of, you just, it's a disappointing sigh.
I guess it's really the only way I can phrase it. Anyway.
Alright, let's move on. By the way, if you think this is specific to Xbox and Forza, you would be incorrect.
Why? Because Gran Turismo 6 on the PlayStation 3, not 4, 3, will also have a system for in-game microtransactions.
So again, this isn't something you can really pick on Forza specifically.
This is just people starting to kind of hit their point where, you know, I've had it officially with these.
So, purchasable as credits from PlayStation Network and physical retailers, you can get in-game credits to get vehicles, parts, and related accessories.
We don't know exactly how much this is going to be in the game and so forth, but it sounds like almost the exact same model that you see in Forza, also in Gran Turismo 6.
Which will be launching early December, so you can see for yourself exactly if there's $100 cars to buy in this game as well.
It's stupid that people even allow that, and unfortunately you're buying these games because they're good racing games, but at the same time, they're not putting the...
I mean, I guess the best advice you could say is just don't buy these, but I'm sure to some extent people are going to buy some of them.
Because they want, oh, maybe not necessarily $100 for a car, but you know, maybe they want just extra money or something, I don't know.
Alright.
They have it in Grand Theft Auto. Grand Theft Auto 5 has where you can pay to get money online, and they keep nerfing all the fucking payouts on everything, so trying to convince people to spend money on that.
Dr. Tzuyu in chat says, I'd assume in Gran Turismo you can still earn credits the old-fashioned way. I'm also assuming that to be the case. It's almost identical to what we just talked about with Forza 5, it seems.
So how long is it that we're going to get that fucking energy meter for these games, where, oh, my driver's tired now. He can't drive anymore for today.
In this case, it'll be a gas tank.
Unless they buy him some Mountain Dew, because they're going to have the product tie-in in there as well.
Can you imagine if they came out with a new Gradius game, and you could no longer hit up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, BA, start, but you could for 99 cents?
No, you hit it, and then it pops up a little window saying in the marketplace, hey, do you wish to buy extra lines?
That's where us old curmungians get a little sad when we read news like this, just to put it in perspective.
Anyway, Jason, maybe you have some better news in the racing game world?
Wrapping up our trifecta of racing, Mario Kart Arcade Grand Prix Deluxe is confirmed for US release.
It's been in Japan since the summer this year, and it will make its way to North America, well, rather, just outside Japan, winter 2013, so imminently in the next month for arcades that are actually going to make the investment.
It was also showcased at IAAPA, as was ReRave that we mentioned earlier in the show.
A little bit of technical discussion about the fact that it can retrofit in existing cabinets, reuse Dead Heat, I believe it was called, Dead Heat Riders motorcycle game.
Cute trailer video that also includes the Taiko Drum character from Taiko Netasigen, other various bits about what it's going to be powered by as far as the system internal.
The really, really weird part about this article is that the author wrote this saying,
One thing we are also sure about is that this is not the same game as what Nintendo will be releasing for Wii U later that they are calling Mario Kart 8.
Duh?
Grand Prix 1 and 2 were NOTHING like ANY existing Mario Kart game.
Similar locales, but the active racing was NOTHING.
I remember back in the day when you would have Crystal Castles in the arcade, Crystal Castles on the 2600, it's technically supposed to be a port of the arcade game.
It's not uncommon to think that home versions of games are ports of the arcade game.
So I can see why they're like, this is different than Mario Kart 8.
In large part, we are so far removed from that, I don't know, it just struck me in the realization that these games are that different, that the Mario Kart arcade experience is that distinct.
But it's just like, minus music games, what else has been similar console and arcade?
Time Crisis doesn't really exist in the console space anymore, so far as I know.
Sadly, it's because the arcades are dying out. It's Super Street Fighter, but that's where the arcade game was almost based off the console.
I guess the answer to this question is Hydro Thunder and H2 Overdrive and that kind of stuff that did show up on the Xbox 360 Marketplace.
Xbox Live Arcade Marketplace, rather.
Or a game I talked about a couple weeks ago on the show, Midway Arcade Origins, which is actual arcade ports of the emulators.
From two decades ago, sure.
ActDeafner in our chatroom at live.vognetware.com says,
The new arcade Mario Kart has Taiko Drum as a character. I want to play that. That sounds awesome.
I said that. I said it was in the trailer.
It's very cute. It's very awesome to see.
This Nintendo Namco mutual happiness is really, really worthwhile.
Dr. Tetsuya says, I played the first Mario Kart arcade game and it was fun. Would love to play the third one.
So there you go.
Yeah, I actually did too when I was in Arizona. Mesa Golf Land has...
They'll get it at Golf Land, whoopee.
I believe it was Grand Prix 1. It was very old. The cameras were shot to hell. The display was a little dim.
And it was also very, very easy, which was kind of weird.
But yeah, for being completely original gameplay mechanics, Mario Kart Grand Prix Arcade is quite fun.
If you happen to come across it, definitely check it out.
Alright, let's move on. Loki.
It's also great for when you're drunk.
During your bachelor party.
Is that one of the YouTubes on the Orange House video game? I think it is. I think it's still there.
It's one of the few. I think that one still gets views. I should make ad money off that.
You should. I get a portion though.
We'll see. The show still runs. That's your portion.
Anyways, so let's talk a little bit about NCAA game.
Speaking of a publisher that's really having a karma sink or whatever, EA, holy shit.
First, losing the NCAA game. Now, NBA Live.
That game has been waiting to come out for years now.
They retooled it, retooled it, and the reviews have been fucking terrible.
It just looks terrible.
They gotta be hurting over EA Sports.
Anyways, NCAA. They have sued EA now over the Lightness settlement.
And, you know, I guess the $40 million settlement that was going, I guess, to students.
Our student athlete. Like this is in their legal dispute.
Going back all the way to 2009.
And, you know, of course, this is, I guess, regarding, they've not renewed the license.
I think they're trying to put it out now as like some sort of EA Sports college football or something like that.
Excuse me.
They're saying, the collegiate licensing company, the CLC is caught in the middle of a dispute between NCAA and EA, which should not involve us.
And the CLC has valued the relationship with both NCAA and EA.
While we hope that they can soon resolve their dispute, we see no reason for the CLC to be involved.
And, of course, EA has declined a sort of comments regarding, you know, the CLC being involved in this lawsuit in the first place.
So, either way, it doesn't look like NCAA is going to be coming back for a college football game next year.
That's too bad because that was one of the only good titles in the month of July.
Now, I guess it's going to be Persona. Lots of Persona.
Persona all year long. You're a Persona.
You say that like it's a bad thing.
I'm not saying it's like a bad thing.
I mean, if you didn't like sports, Persona is what you got.
Alright. Well, one thing you can look forward to early next year is the remasters of Final Fantasy X and X-2.
Because those remasters are finally dated here for the U.S.
I believe they are already out in Japan or about to come out right before the end of the year.
December.
December something, right?
Well, we're getting them in March 2014.
Specifically, March 18th, 2014 is when North America gets it.
Europe gets it on March 21st.
Now, that is the PlayStation 3 versions of the remaster.
If you're looking to the Vita version, well, there's been no announcement on that.
And a press release from Square Enix Europe said, quote,
Full details of the PlayStation Vita version and release timing will be revealed at a future date.
Hmm. Hmm.
Well, we'll see. We'll see. Poor Vita.
You know, it would have been great for the Vita if the Vita version came out first.
That would have been really good for the Vita, but, oh well, I guess I shouldn't encourage that.
Does the Vita have a fully-fledged Final Fantasy yet?
No, it wouldn't have. 13 pre-dated it by a long shot.
Yeah, no, Vita doesn't really have anything Final Fantasy, per se, unless you want to count PSP games that you can play on Vita.
Like, Tactics was a PlayStation Plus title at one point, and there's plenty of PS1 games.
I still have the physical disc, the UMD of that.
Yeah.
All right, let's get to the mailbag. Every week you guys email us at mailbag at orange.orangeradio.com.
And usually DarkSakura jumps in the mailbag.
Both are applicable.
Well, if she sees things she doesn't like, she might.
No, she jumps in the mailbag head first, but since she's not here tonight, I will get the hazmat suit on and jump into the mailbag for you.
Just two emails tonight to read here.
And the first one comes to us from a person who said, please don't read my name. So, fine, I will not.
So, anonymous writes us and says, why I am getting an Xbox One instead of PlayStation 4.
The Xbox One is better.
The Xbox doesn't require you to pay for a $5 a month PlayStation Plus membership for online multiplayer.
The PlayStation 4, however, does require a $5 a month PlayStation Plus membership for online multiplayer.
The Xbox One can play used Xbox One games.
The PlayStation 4, however, cannot play used Xbox One games.
The Xbox will have many exclusive games, such as Killer Instinct, Halo.
The Xbox One version of Battlefield 4 will be exclusive to the Xbox One.
The Xbox One version of Assassin's Creed, the Xbox One version of Watch Dogs.
I can't argue with that. That's solid. That is a solid argument.
That is some NeoGaf logic right there. Good job, anonymous emailer. Good job.
I'm having one of those moments where it's like, not sure if troll or...
You know, you laugh about that, but like, over this week, I've been actually, I've had some downtime at work,
so I've been going through the Microsoft retail training program.
In fact, I've been actually giving away some DLC codes I got from that.
But holy shit, man, that is some of their arguments for the Xbox One.
Hey, you can play used games on it. I'm like, yeah. Cool.
All those games that have just sat around for years and years, and I don't really feel like bringing them out again.
You know what would have really been news? You can play all your last generation games on it as well.
It's backwards compatible. I'm telling you, from people I know that are more casual gamers,
like they like gaming, but they don't seek out shows like this or post to internet websites and things like that,
that's the number one bitch I hear is that, well, I don't want to get a PlayStation 4 if it's not going to play PlayStation 3 games.
Or, well, does the new Xbox play the other Xbox games? Why not?
I hear that more than anything else. I understand why. You probably understand why,
because of all the graphic chips upgrades and the parts inside that have changed, where that's not possible.
But I'm just telling you, the general public doesn't give a fuck,
because there's been other consoles that were backwards compatible that kind of instilled that in us.
The Wii played the GameCube games. The Wii U plays the Wii games.
The Game Boys are usually backwards compatible and so forth.
And even what, Xbox 360 played some Xbox games. PlayStation 3s, when they were new, would play PlayStation 2 games.
Mmm, zippy.
PS2 did play PS1 games.
Yeah, exactly. So there were some consoles in the past that kind of did that. So, I'm just saying.
The funny thing is that those consoles are the minority, and especially Nintendo history up until the Wii
had no backwards compatibility console-wise, because they didn't fit in slots anymore.
And not to mention the shift from cartridge to disc just in general.
Yeah, same experience here. I went out to brunch, lunch, something with a friend of mine,
and that was one of the very first things out of his mouth, is that the PlayStation 4 isn't...
And this was before I knew about the architecture switch.
And he said, yeah, I hate Sony now because they're not playing all the games that I already own.
I said, that's very strange, especially not even digital versions.
As soon as I figured out why that's the case, it all made sense.
Same argument you just made. Had another point. Slipped my mind. You know how it goes.
Alright. Well, we have another email here. It's from Ross Steel, UT.
Ross Steel has a tendency to send the show novels.
Ross Steel, I'm going to invite you to post this on our forums in its entirety, because it's a little bit long.
Hey, I'm all about where every gamer has a voice, but it is still a three-hour show, so this is quite the little novel here.
I'm going to try to get the gist of it here, but I'm going to be extremely paraphrasing.
If you do that, remember, TLDR.
Yeah, bullet points are great. Like, that last email was a bunch of bullet points, right?
No, I don't want to... It's not that the email is bad. It's just I only have a certain amount of time.
But the more I talk about the time frames, the longer we drag things out.
So let me read a portion of this email here from Ross Steel, UT, who basically was emailing us to talk about who won the last console generation.
And first off was,
I won't bring myself so low as to pirate games, but between Steam's offline mode failing me numerous times and the PlayStation Network outage,
I don't feel like any of the stuff I buy on a DRM platform is actually mine, so I abandoned those libraries and counted the loss as a lesson learned.
I learned not to trust one iota of what I'm told in the gaming media. This show accepted, of course.
I don't really consider ourselves gaming media, because we're not trying to break... Just an aside here, I don't consider ourselves gaming media, because we're not trying to break news, we're just trying to talk about it.
But I also hate the term gaming enthusiast, because some news doesn't make us enthusiastic. We're just gaming talkers.
What else would you call it? I guess Bobby uses the term gaming commentator, but then I feel like I'm talking about a sports ball.
Casting, casting, Starcraft, and all that kind of stuff.
We're just people talking shit. That's what we are. We're people talking shit.
Alright, anyhow. He says in his email here,
This generation, we saw gaming journalism degrade into the worst state it's been in since the crash of 83.
Reviews are made based on how big a franchise is, not to appease publishers, but to keep the fanboys off their asses.
I learned to love Killzone, was something he said.
The franchise started off as an also ran on the PlayStation 2, a laughable attempt at a Halo killer.
However, the ensuing games have shown remarkable improvement, both in gameplay and storytelling,
and it's been an absolute pleasure to see the progress Guerrilla Games has made.
Let's see. I want to read some of these PS's too, because they're really good.
PS, you guys were wondering about what made a cult game.
I like to think of it in the same way as a cult movie, where it doesn't have a huge mainstream success,
but instead finds a smaller, more dedicated, and enduring fan base.
Showgirls and Rocky Horror may not have made a lot of money at the box office,
but they'll likely be remembered long after people have forgotten about the latest superhero fad movie.
And PPS, the most important part of the entire email. You ready?
PPS. Really, Loki? You gotta up your game when it comes to parody porn names.
Here's some you can use next time the topic comes up on the house.
The Dark Knight Hardens.
Shaving Private Ryan.
I don't remember what the hell this was in reference to.
The Shaw-Skank Redemption.
Or the Cock of Steel.
We were talking about porn on the last show.
It was OLR. We were talking about porn. It happens.
Here you go.
Alright, thank you RawsteelUT. Sorry I had to edit, but we gotta keep things moving here,
because the show is already running long.
If you want to email us some thoughts, mailbag at orangelaunchreader.com is the place to do so.
You can also send us a tweet, twitter.com slash OLR.
Let's get to the FUs of the week. Why?
Because we're mad and stuff and we're not going to take it anymore.
Jason, would you like to start us off tonight?
I shall. FU to traffic. FU to parking.
FU to critical mass.
I mean, I love the human ingenuity and the things that especially in San Francisco and Manhattan
and any other completely over-full to the brim location, what they have to deal with.
You know, God bless people's ingenuity and the way that they make things work.
God damn, fuck critical mass.
That stuff's just frustrating. Yeah, that's it.
Uh, Logie?
Um, FU cookie quicker. I don't know why I'm so famous.
Amen.
My FU of the week goes to my scale, because it told me something I didn't want to hear yesterday.
I'm very angry at it.
So also FU to the lack of motivation I have when it comes to doing something about that.
So I've really got to hunker down and do something about it, so we'll see.
So stay tuned to figure out what fad diet I go on in our next episode.
We'll see.
Alright, let's get back into a few more gaming news stories than Twitter topics and Skype line and all that good stuff.
1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
But first, a couple more quick stories.
Logie?
You know, you could just pick up one of those Wii Fit meters and then you could download Wii Fit U for free.
I know, and I could get the balance board out from under the TV, but Logie, it's so hard.
You have to lift that TV and then the TV will be lower, Logie.
What else is going to raise the TV up that perfect amount that the Wii Balance Board does?
Cable box.
Don't you have a story to read?
Today I've walked 7,500 miles and three and a half...
Wow, not that many miles.
7,500 steps and three and a half miles.
What is that? Fitbit?
Oh, you've got a Fitbit? Do you like that?
I really do. It's actually...
Does it actually get you to walk more though? Because I could get a Fitbit and be like, hey, look how much I walked today.
But it doesn't matter if I'm not doing more than what I did already.
Inherently no, but it makes the motivation easier when I go to actually do it.
Does Fitbit have a social thing where I can go like, let's say you and I both have Fitbit and I get a higher score than you.
I walk more steps. I can send you a text message that's like, haha, I'm better than you. Here's proof.
Maybe not bragging rights, but I was actually just commenting on something of our good old buddy Big Red Pimps post a couple days ago.
He's on a fitness kick right now and he's already lighter than me.
He started a couple months ago. He's already lighter than me and I need to really do the same.
But he's been the top of the Fitbit leaderboards for weeks now and it's him talking about that.
Oh, so there are Fitbit leaderboards?
Absolutely. I'm in my employer's group as well as I have my selection of friends.
So there is E-peen to it. There is E-peen to it.
Absolutely. There are badges. There are goals. There is a good combination of everything to increase the...
Lower the barrier to entry, raise the motivation enough that you might actually get off your lazy ass and do it.
How much is a Fitbit?
Ranges from $70 to $120. There's a couple different moments.
$70?
Lord, that's a lot of money.
That's a lot of money. That's a lot of money for bragging rights about I walked more than you.
Then again, not getting thinner just sitting here doing a radio show.
I would say just use your DS, but that unfortunately doesn't... that negates Fitbit at all.
It's fucking snacking too. Snacking is my worst enemy.
Should I slap you when you go up to go get some more of them?
No, because I'm hungry.
Me too, but I'm not going to eat until frickin' midnight.
Anyways, Loki.
Do you want some pretzels?
Sorry, no.
Loki.
Alright, so the inevitable has happened.
They're going to bundle a Vita with a PlayStation 4 and sell it in the UK for an undetermined amount of money at some point.
That's it. They're really pushing that second screen thing. Remote play and all that fun stuff.
Hopefully you get a good price, because I don't think they had a price on it.
That's it, huh? Do you think this will actually sell? Because that's an expensive bundle.
If it's at a good price, if you're like, you know, saving quite a bit of money on it, then yeah, it should sell.
If there is no price break on it, then fuck them.
Alright, this last story I have here doesn't totally have to do with gaming, but you know what?
It definitely has to do with tech, and it's got a lot of people talking this week, and I wanted to bring it up here on the show.
Y'all know the famous MP3 player Winamp, right?
It really whips the llama's ass.
That's right, with this little demo story about whooping the llama's ass or whatever Wesley Willis reject lyric that was.
Winamp was bought by America Online in June 1999.
America Online is still around?
And that's when the troubles began. Yeah, guess who owns Joystiq blog, and WoW Insider and all that.
TUAW, and the weblog's network is owned by AOL Time Warner.
And Huffington Post is part of AOL now, or the other way around, right?
So, they've got some stuff. They just, you know, dial-up isn't really what they're known for anymore.
But anyway, they did have Winamp, and they bought it in June 1999.
It is going to be shutting down. Winamp is shutting down in exactly one month.
Sadness. By the way, this also includes Shoutcast, apparently.
Now, what was exciting is that there were some rumors going around, I don't know if there's any truth to this,
that Microsoft was looking at buying them once AOL announced that they were going to shut them down.
I don't know why Microsoft would necessarily want them, but as somebody who, you know,
helps to run a Shoutcast network, like vognetwork.com is on a Shoutcast server,
I would like to see Microsoft buy it and then implement it onto Xbox One,
because I think it would be great if you could get Vognetwork directly onto Xbox One.
But I sadly don't think that's going to be happening.
So yeah, Winamp is going to be closing. Now, here's the thing.
They can't go and uninstall the program off your computer.
So a lot of people have been asking, like, well, what's going to happen to all the Shoutcasters?
Once it's on the internet, it's always on the internet.
As far as we know, nothing is going to happen to the Shoutcasters.
As long as there's people still selling Shoutcast server spaces over, we have a place to go.
Yeah, it'll take down the official Shoutcast stream directory,
but if you still have your own server, you still have the technology, nothing changes.
So vognetwork's not going anywhere, but does this motivate us to possibly explore other options in 2014?
Eh, sure. But I'll tell you, Bobby and I are both very much at the school of thought of,
if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
And why are you wagging your finger at me, Jason?
Because I'm very counter to that. I like new features and new things.
Jason was like, you're using Winamp 2.0.
We had multiple revelations today. He's using a 7-year-old MIRC.
He's using no-shit Winamp 2.0, not even 5 with the 2.0 style.
He's using Internet Explorer 6 on this PC, for fuck's sake.
I'm using Firefox to browse. I don't actually use Internet Explorer.
Internet Explorer 6 is still present, and I saw it jump up, and I was almost in tears.
And XP, which has been dead for how many years?
Okay, hold on, hold on. This Winamp is 5.572.
You lied to me. It's just using the 2.0 style.
I get it, there are certain situations that call for it.
5.5 is not the newest, though, because I get a pop-up window every time I launch it saying,
shouldn't you update your Winamp? I'm like, no, fucking leave me alone,
because when I update things, they break. Always.
I like doing new things, I like new features.
I'm not a bleeding-edge kind of guy, but I'm not far from it.
Alright, anyhow, VoG will continue until it really does break,
and we are forced to switch to something else.
Or, somebody sells us real good on the advantages of using something else,
which is always a possibility, too.
Possible.
Jason's eyes lit up. I'm gonna get an email tomorrow.
Reasons why you should be on Icecast.
That's what's gonna happen.
Yeah, anyways.
Alright, that was it. Let me now switch our status on our un-updated Skype,
which I'm still using 6.6, even though I think there's a 7.0 now.
I refuse to update Skype.
I was on a call, you can call us now, 1877-GameOLR,
or username on Skype, orangeandandrea.
I refuse to update Skype.
Are we gonna get any calls from an Xbox One?
I hope so. Let's see.
If you've got an Xbox One, fire it up and give us a call.
Phone lines are already lighting up, so let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
This is Ravenstaufen. Can you hear me?
Oh, yes, we can. Hi, and your video just popped up. What's up?
Oh, good. I got it.
You got your gold 3DS. You just held it up there.
Yeah, and I also got the game with it. I must be stupid.
Wait a minute. You got the game and the console, even though the game's already on the console?
Yeah, well, what happened was, I was listening to your last week's show,
and then I went like, you know, I bought the game at midnight with the rest of the X-Bone people,
and then I said, you know what, I'm gonna go buy it.
How was that, being the Nintendo guy in the line?
Oh, there was four of us.
There was four of us there. We're all shouting at Zelda.
It was actually a little powwow. It was absolutely cool. I loved it.
I even got the X-Bone shirt to prove. Sorry for showing off.
That's all right. Ravenstaufen is taking off his clothes on cam right now.
Banned from Twitch TV.
I will put this on the list of reasons why Orange Launch Radio should have a video.
I will add that Ravenstaufen gets naked.
Just, I'm kidding.
Wish for what you don't need to know.
Raven, I can't help but notice behind you, I love that little Pikachu Pokemon banner thing you've got.
Yeah, this is my little room that I broadcast on.
I know you have a little room, but this is the setup.
Some people call it a dining room, but we call it the broadcast room, yes.
Yeah, it's just a little room that I have posters of Grand Theft Auto and all that stuff.
All the consoles are in here so I can just chill out, just shut the door and go like,
GO AWAY!
Nice. Every man needs a man cave.
Yeah, this one's pretty small, but it's awesome.
It's not the size, it's how you use it.
Yeah, I was calling because I'm sure you played Zelda.
Does it make the case for 3D for you as well?
I was already kind of like, I don't hate 3D.
It was always kind of a neat effect to me, but I don't think games should really rely on it either,
because there's so many people that can't see it, you know, too.
But does it have impressive graphics?
Does it really show what 3DS can do with the 3D?
Absolutely.
I was really impressed with, just like in the dungeons where you have the multiple levels,
how you can really see that top and bottom, and just like when you jump off cliffs,
or my absolute favorite, when you grab a chicken and then jump off a cliff and slowly fly down,
like yeah, that stuff looks rad on the 3DS.
Yeah, I really enjoyed a lot of this game.
I like that it's top down, and it really does look like you're looking down on the action,
and it really looks very nice.
Yeah. No, it's great. I love it.
And I think it makes a good case for not getting a 2DS.
It really does.
I mean, if anyone's playing on a 2DS, I feel you're missing out on something.
Like, just the death of just seeing that go deeper is just, it's something that,
even with the, how are you liking the bigger screens now that you have a big DS?
Oh, and now it's like, I'm doing one of those things where it's like,
how did I go so long with my regular 3DS?
Like, how did I manage that?
Because now that I'm on the 3DS XL, I'm like, oh my God, this is so beautiful. I love it.
Yeah, so, but that's like a lot of different upgrade things.
It's like the iPhones, right?
When I'm on the 4 for so long, and then when I finally get the 5, it's like,
God damn, how did I use that shitty phone for so long?
But it's just, that's the way tech works.
Tech is like that.
One last thing, I mean, I'm still keeping my purple 3DS because I'm still attached to it.
I can't transfer anything over because I have the circle pad.
So I have to keep everything nice and clean on this one.
So Fire Card 7 can't come over.
Oh, dang, that's right, because there's no circle pad for the XL, is there?
There is, it's just, I only have the circle pad for the 3DS.
Gotcha.
Oh no, I moved everything over and I bought a 32 gig card, 30 bucks at Radio Shack,
so I will never run into storage issues again.
That's the goal.
That's what I need to do.
I have an 8 and a 16, and I'm like debating like, all right, this is my default one,
and it looks like I might have to just make everything from scratch
or either beat Revelations on the 3DS and then move it all over later.
I was rocking a 2 gig SD card on my original 3DS and I don't know how I did it.
I don't know how the hell I did it.
I'm rocking.
I still am.
Wow.
It's not enough.
All right, well, Raven, I'm going to let you go so we can get more calls,
but thank you so much for the call and the video chat.
We appreciate it.
Oh, not at all.
I'm glad you can answer my call.
Bye, peace.
Later.
Always good to hear from Raven.
I do love the fact that you wave into the monitor.
I know, I still wave.
God, here I am talking about, we don't need a stinking video show,
and then I'm like, I keep playing into the video stuff.
Clearly, I don't know what I'm talking about,
but if you've been listening for 11 years, you already know that.
Hi, you're on the phone, sir.
Who's there?
It's the one and only DJ Ron Mess.
Hi, Rama.
How are you?
I am good.
How about you, good sir?
Good, except I'm learning slowly tonight that I'm always wrong.
That's been like pretty much my entire life, so I feel for you.
Let's start a club.
Ooh, and booze should be involved.
I'm right by the fridge.
I still have leftover vanilla vodka.
Fuck yes.
What's the old saying?
Here's to you, here's to me, best of friends will always be,
but if we should ever disagree, fuck you, and here's to me.
You got that right.
Yes, cling.
All right.
Sorry, Rama.
You didn't call in to sing drinking songs with me,
even though it's probably a nice little sidebar,
but what is really on your mind tonight?
Any...
Rob, it's happy hour somewhere, right?
It's happy hour at OLR, at vognetwork.com, between...
Well, we have the family friendly bar at between 5 o'clock and 6 o'clock Pacific,
and then we have adults only 18 and up after...
Oh, you're so bad.
You're so bad.
I'm not bad, I'm just...
We have a family friendly bar from 5 to 6.
That's not wrong.
No, the funny thing is when we open up the bar in the chat room,
someone gets kind of upset because it's family friendly.
I get in trouble when I'm not family friendly between 5 and 6,
so I've got to be careful.
All right.
What's really on your mind, Rama?
The Legend of Zelda I link between worlds.
You've been playing it?
Yes, let's just say there was a reason why I was late to work one Friday.
Wow, really?
Yes, yeah.
I was underlined amongst the people that were picking up PlayStation 4s and Xbox Ones,
so...
So were you like Raven where there was like four people there,
like little Nintendo camps in the line, or was it just you or what?
No, it was just one line for everything pretty much,
but I did notice that there were some people changing their minds in their PS4 pickups,
and they were asking people, does anyone want a PS4?
We have like three here.
Nobody said anything.
Oh, wow.
Interesting.
Well, where's your head at with the...
I mean, I know you've been playing Zelda.
I'll grow you more on that in a minute,
but where's your head at with the whole PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and all that?
Are you getting one, or what are you doing?
I plan on getting a PlayStation 4 when the order comes out.
Oh.
It's a steampunk first-person shooter.
That's the reason why I want to pick it up.
As a convention-goer, I can see where that's relevant to your interests.
Mm-hmm.
All right, so tell me more about Zelda.
What do you think about the game itself?
It's so surreal, especially on the XL.
It's like a total throwback from me sitting there on the Super NES,
playing through the game from start to finish.
The music is just phenomenal.
I just have a couple of gripes with the game, but other than that, I'm enjoying it.
What are the gripes, because in order to be,
and I hate to use this term, fair and balanced,
but I don't know what else to say, in order to be fair...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Why did it just become Fox News?
Come on.
This is actually a fair and balanced discussion.
I know, I know.
To try and bring a little balance to all the positivity I was barfing on the game earlier,
what are the gripes you have?
Well, for me, I like the top-down view,
but I remember from the Super NES version, from the top-down view,
you could see more of Link's face and body, so it was more like the angle.
But in this version, all you can pretty much see is the top of the hero's head and his hair.
I do feel like we saw a little more,
like the view radius was a little more on the Super Nintendo as well,
but maybe I'm crazy.
I mean, it's not like a game-ruiner, but I noticed it.
Yeah.
And the second issue I have is that now,
I've never really followed the lore of Zelda,
but I do know that I think it was with the first N64 game,
is when the lore of Zelda, the storyline split,
where you have adventures where it's just Link in the game,
and then there's a storyline where it's the hero.
I'm putting the game in thinking it's Link and a brand new adventure.
I'm thinking it's going to pick up sort of where A Link to the Past left off, per se.
But no, you're playing as the hero.
Because you can name the hero whatever you want.
That's the difference.
No, I guess you could do that in some of the other ones,
but I think that plays into it somehow, that you don't have to name him Link.
Sure. All the games are like that.
Even from the Super NES one, you can name whatever,
but you were still Link.
Can you do that on Twilight Princess and stuff?
I thought you couldn't, but it's just been so long.
I always name them Link anyway. I kind of just don't notice it.
That was my issue. I'd rather play as Link.
I don't mean to split hands, but that's how I kind of feel.
You're the hero, but the hero looks just like Link.
In Final Fantasy, you can technically rename all the characters as well.
In almost all the Final Fantasy games, you can rename the characters,
at least until the instituted voice acting.
I can't play Final Fantasy VI and not have Terra and Locke and all that.
I think everybody does that one playthrough where you start naming your characters butts, fart, penis.
For me, I renamed them as characters from Ronda and the What Happened.
I'm following through the storyline, and I'm picturing the personalities in the game.
It fits so well.
It's just that I'd like to be Link, but with a different name, but I know the game is around him,
not the games around the hero that's supposed to be filling the shoes that belonged to Link.
That is a minor gripe though, right?
At the end of the day, it doesn't really impact the game, which is fantastic.
Right. As I was saying earlier in the chat about it, when I called A Link Between Worlds Second Quest,
I say it's Second Quest, whereas if you remember in the first game,
if you played through Second Quest, everything was different.
One thing was it was something else.
That's how I'm seeing this game.
Everything is there, but when you go into certain locations, things have changed.
It's like, wow, it's been 10, 15 years since I've been here,
so there's more for me to explore, or if I go into this store, oh, this is something else.
That is true, but there's also the new mechanics to consider,
especially the flattening yourself on the wall really kind of changes things
and shows you more parts of the world that weren't even there, but I guess that's the point.
Mm-hmm.
All right.
I'm going to let you go to try and squeeze in another call, but thanks for the call.
Hey, anytime, bro.
All right, take care, buddy.
You too.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, if you'd like to give us a call.
We have time for at least one more call here if you are interested in talking with us tonight.
I want to get to Twitter topics.
I also want to ask Loki if he has any last-minute stories
or if you are too busy clicking cookies over there.
No, I have last-minute stories.
Okay.
Apparently, there's been reports that you can have some issues,
maybe even possibly a band if you upload stuff to the upload studio on Xbox One with obscenities in there.
Mm-hmm.
So maybe as a glitch or something, but there has been some reports regarding that.
All right.
Be careful.
We got another call coming in, so let's get to it, and then we'll take whatever last-minute stories otherwise that Loki has.
Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Bienvenidos a OrangeLoungeRadio.
You there?
Caller.
Hello.
I don't know.
Yeah, Skype seems to think the caller isn't there, so I'm going to have to let that call go.
Sorry about it, but go ahead and try again.
Remember, Echo123 is your friend to test before you call.
I haven't heard that name in years.
What?
Echo123.
Echo123.
I would love to see an Xbox One call, so please, if you have your Xbox One,
I want to see what the quality looks like.
See you sitting on your couch there, giving a call.
Maybe I can give the voice command, and it'll work.
Xbox, Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Now if somebody is playing, it's going to fuck them up.
Sorry.
I had to.
Xbox, open Skype.
Now everybody's going to go hit stop.
Oh, we're getting another call here.
If I did, I apologize.
All right, yeah.
I know, right?
Who's this?
Maybe I can give the voice command, and it'll work.
Xbox, Skype.
Hello?
Go ahead and mute the...
I think they got scared.
Mute your radio before you call in.
That's always a good idea.
Otherwise, we hear ourselves echoing.
It's a little awkward.
Or just headphones.
That was the name I didn't recognize, so...
Echo123 again, and...
Or maybe that person just accidentally called us because of what you did.
Hey, you're the one that said Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
I just said open Skype.
That's true.
Come on, you went the whole nine yards.
That's true.
It would be really funny, because that person hung up right away.
Maybe that really did dial.
I don't know.
Should we try it again?
No, don't do it again.
I'm going to get hate mail.
Loki, go ahead.
If you have more last minute stories.
I don't.
Oh, well, goddamn.
Sorry.
All right.
Let me...
I'm trying to pull up our Twitter, but I got sidetracked.
But I know we had some tweets here tonight.
Let's see.
YYR tweets us.
Guess what comes out for 3DS in North America and Europe in four days?
Space Harrier and Super Hang-On and Glorious 3D.
Instabuy.
I forgot about those.
I'm excited about that as well.
Too Bad Dark Soccer's not here tonight to give you a little squee.
But...
Squeak!
Squeak!
Here you go.
Let's see.
Gali89 tweeted us this little acapella Mega Man 2 Wily stage.
I didn't screen the YouTube first, so I'm not going to play it right now.
But I love seeing that type of remixed homegrown stuff on YouTube.
Always fun.
CatastrophicMoggie also excited about Atlus announcing Persona 5, giving us the links just in case we missed it.
Dungeonbuster says,
First thing I thought of listening to Yakuza 5's Battle of Pride was OLR.
Makes me sad it's not getting localized.
Oh, I got to give this as a shoutout too.
This came in through our Twitter and I got to say hi to this.
This came from Video Game Bang.
And they said,
Hi, you're a Sacramento gaming podcast.
We're a Sacramento gaming podcast.
Let's be friends.
So shoutout to our new frenzies at Video Game Bang.
And I did reply and said,
Okay, BFF's forever.
So there you go. Hello to Video Game Bang.
Although I'm going to be honest, it's just the pervo in me.
But every time I look at the name, I see Video Gang Bang.
And I'm like, I need to get glasses there.
No, I'm not. I'm sure it's a fantastic show.
I will check it out this week.
Both are fantastic shows.
What?
Both are fantastic shows.
I'm sure that is true as well.
I will check out Video Game Bang later this week.
Wouldn't it be funny if they lived next door?
You never know. They're in Sac somewhere.
Should we knock on the wall and find out?
Well, I'm not far from Sac State.
So I'm sure there's a lot of stuff that brews out of the college there.
Alright, anyhow.
The phones are ringing one more time.
We're going to try and take this call and then we'll wrap up.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hello, this is Omega777.
Hello.
There you are. You made it, Omega777. What's up, buddy?
That was me that I guess tried to call earlier and ended up with the sound from the radio coming in and it didn't...
Well, 50 points from Gryffindor, but what's on your mind?
Okay, basically I figured out the reason why there wasn't a whole lot of... was it midnight releases or camp outs for Wii U last year.
And basically, as it turns out, because it was done on a Sunday, I guess as it usually is, a lot of the big box retail stores didn't want to do any midnight releases.
I guess they figured it wouldn't be a commercially safe thing to do.
Jesus would not approve.
Yeah, definitely.
I'm assuming that's what it is. Well, you know what, especially in some parts of the company, you don't mess around with Sundays.
Especially asking people to stay up all night till midnight when there's church the next day.
That is asking too much, especially in some places.
So it's not a far-fetched theory, to be honest. But could it also be true that maybe the demand just wasn't there?
But I seem to think the Wii U sold pretty well initially. It was what happened after the initial release that was problematic.
Yeah, a lot of the consoles, they'll have their glitches and whatnot, but in the end, they'll overcome them.
And I'm sure Wii U will definitely catch up with everyone else in the future.
BlackWolf in our chat room wants to point out, I got my Wii U at a midnight release, so there were stores that did a midnight release for the Wii U.
Maybe it just depends on where you were at.
But Amiga777, where are you at with these next-gen consoles? Have you picked any of them up?
Are you Team Sony, Team Nintendo, Team Microsoft, or all teams? Where's your head at with this?
I'm not a person of that on any team yet. I guess you could say, funnily enough, I'm probably just still Team Sega.
Dreamcast, that is.
Fair enough. I think there's a lot of people that can't let go. You do know they remake all those games for the newer consoles? No, I understand.
Oh, yes, definitely. I do know that. I mean, I do have a 360 now. I play it every once in a while.
So that's what it's going to take? First console to get Shenmue 3 announced for it? Instant win?
Definitely.
Fair enough. Alright, AmigaBuddy, I'm going to let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks for the call.
Alright, take care.
Alright, take care. Bye-bye.
So there you go. First console to get Shenmue 3 is an exclusive. You win.
Alright, that's it for Last Minute Stories. That's it for Skypline tonight. Thank you guys very much for calling and participating.
If you didn't get through, but you wanted to call, 1-877-GATE... You can leave a voicemail, I guess, even though no one ever does.
Or you can email us. Mailbag at orangelandsradio.com or tweet us twitter.com slash O-L-R.
That's it. We're here at the close of the show. We're done with Last Minute Stories.
But before we go tonight, I do want to thank our listeners once again.
I know I did this after the break, but I like to, at the end of every show, say thank you guys very much for listening.
Thanks for tuning in. Support independent broadcasting.
If you like what you heard here at Orange Lawns Radio tonight, we don't charge for the show.
Just tell a friend or 5 or 20 about the show. Help spread the word about Orange Lawns Radio. It is much, much appreciated.
Leave us a nice review is always appreciated, too. iTunes, Stitcher, or wherever you heard about this show.
Help spread the word, because word of mouth is all we got.
Jason, speaking of mouths, thank you for loaning yours to the show tonight.
That sounds a little awkward, but thank you very much for being here. I really appreciate it.
Do you have anything you want to plug while you're here?
I... not specifically. Not really of my own anymore.
I mean, this is kind of my focus, and otherwise...
Do you have a Twitter or some ego site if you have fans that want to follow you?
VXJsonXV, practically everywhere.
There you go. Practically everywhere.
Alright, thank you very much for being here, Jason. I'm sure we'll be seeing...
You said you're going to be here in San Francisco through the holidays, so we might be seeing more of you in the coming weeks.
You're always welcome here at Studio OLR. Thanks for being here.
I will certainly take you up on that.
Alright, sounds good. As I always ask people, do you have a final thought tonight on the show?
No. Get this podcast up so I can re-listen to it for the two-hour drive back to San Francisco.
I will work on it, but tonight I'm going to have the YouTube challenge too, so we'll see.
I've been here. I also have a backlog of like 30 hours of music podcasts that I have to get there to.
Well, you know, support whatever independent podcast you can think of. I'm sure this isn't the only one you listen to.
Yes, absolutely.
Of course, I'm quick to recommend those at vognetwork.com.
You can always listen to the video game Bang.
That's right. There's a new one for you to try. Tell me how it is. I haven't listened to it yet, but I will.
Alright. Loki, thank you as always for being here, even though, you know, you don't have a choice.
But any final thoughts for us tonight?
Uh, tornadoes suck.
Is that a cookie clicker thing?
No, no. It's a real thing.
I hope everybody's okay.
I mentioned on Twitter, my company I work for, their warehouse is going to hit by a tornado.
Yeah, I saw that earlier in the week. That's so awful.
Is that the Ohio stuff?
Yeah, there was a lot of really unfortunate stuff in the Midwest this week.
Three damaged PS4s out of the whole thing got crushed by the roof. Well, damaged by the roof.
The roof fell on the whole pallet of them, and I'm trying again to send them to me.
I'll fix them.
Between three systems, I'm sure there's enough parts, if not to get at least one of those working.
Fix it, Loki.
Besides, I mean, the insurance is covering the cost of those anyways. It's not like they're losing money.
They're just going to throw them away anyways.
Alright, and last but not least, my final thought tonight.
And my final thought would be, you know what, I know there's been a lot of positivity and negativity on tonight's show,
and there is a lot out there in the gaming industry, but there's a lot of good stuff going on right now.
So whether you're Team Wii, Team Sony, Team Xbox, or what have you, just go have fun.
There's like a million games to play right now. It's the best time of year to be a gamer. Have fun.
Team PC.
Team Wii.
Shut up.
Whatever team you're on, have fun, and don't be a dick.
We'll see you next week. Have a safe holiday, those of you in the US, and we'll talk to you again in seven days.
Have a wonderful night. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
