Sky, and Loki.
It's here, it's here.
Blizzard has finally announced their Don't Call It A MOBA Hero Battler.
Also, Sony released the PlayStation 4 and the player media has been at a fever pitch.
What have people been saying?
What's gone wrong?
Find out all this and so much more right now.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio episode number 527 for this November the 17th of 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games and gaming culture and gaming lols.
And thank you for being here by the way after a week off.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's about a six or six and a half hour drive back from LA, right?
So I'm in the car the whole time.
And Alan's there too, but there's only so much talking you can do and at some point it's just you staring through.
And playing what game am I thinking of?
Yeah, that kind of thing.
We did listen to Bobby's show, I will say that.
We were somewhere in the middle of...
I don't freaking know anywhere.
Probably about an hour south of Santa Nella.
Probably Harris Ranch.
You California people that know your I-5.
I was around Harris Ranch when Bobby's show came on.
So that entertained us a little ways.
But then the whole way home, I'm just going, and this is where OLR will be starting.
And here's where Jamie will be doing the classic game of the week.
And here's where she'd be throwing a fit about reading emails.
I didn't throw a fit.
But just kind of going through that whole like, you know, after so many years of doing something, it's kind of like, I should be doing this right now, but I'm not.
We know when we're behind and we know when we're ahead.
That's right.
Well, I hope you had a good week off.
It was restful and all that stuff.
I slept.
That's a great way to spend the time.
Sleep is good.
That's what Sundays are for.
Also say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
Fine.
You sound like you might need to be doing a little more sleeping yourself.
What happened?
Did you catch a cold?
Yeah.
Did you bring disease to the show tonight?
I've been staying up late at night.
Oh, is that because of Josh, or just, you're just doing projects?
Yes, it's because of Josh.
And totally not because I was playing Cookie Clicker last night.
Wait a minute!
Cookie Clicker?
Really, Loki?
I got bored!
I got bored last night because, what is it, uh... Nellie was messing around on Reddit, and so I was talking with her, and I was like, I don't want to browse Reddit anymore, and I remember hearing about Cookie Clicker...
reading about Cookie Clicker and then I'm like, let's see what this thing is.
So I tried it out and yeah.
You kind of missed the train, Loki, because Cookie Clicker was all the rage on my other show, Horde House, about two months ago and I think we're all over it now, but you're late to the party.
That's alright.
I just need to finish it and then I'll be done.
I didn't realize there was an end to Cookie Clicker.
I played the iPhone knockoff one.
It isn't the same.
They really need to put out an official one.
For the record?
No.
You're not going to get into Cookie Clicker?
Hell no.
What about the other iPhone game I've been playing?
I can't believe I got sucked into this garbage all over again.
I really want to thank Kethervis if she's out there listening.
I don't think she listens to OLR, but if she is, I'm doing that whole warning shots at you right now.
She got me addicted to Tiny Death Star.
Have you seen this?
Yes, and I'm not playing it either.
It's Tiny Tower with the LucasArts franchise with all the Vader and Palpatine and all the characters and cute little MIDI-style Death Star music while it's playing.
I still refuse.
You refuse?
It's probably for the best.
The only thing that makes me upset about Tiny Death Star... We'll get into real games in a minute, I promise.
The only thing that makes me upset about Tiny Death Star is that you can't rename all the stores.
Because that was the best part of Tiny Tower, which is based off his renaming the stores.
Because Alan would always rename his stores to these hilarious things.
Of course, I can't even remember any of them off the top of my head.
Alan, what were some of your funny stores?
You remember any of them on Tiny Tower?
He's shaking his head.
I wish I could bring it up and see.
I know I had a restaurant called Poops RS Yeah Just because I was thinking that it gave people diarrhea
Well, there was the apartment complex I built in the Death Star was... Let me look.
I'm trying to... I'm actually pulling it up as we are live here.
You can pull up our chat room if you're listening live.
Oh, you named it Ewok Shits.
You can't participate with the show live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
And if you are listening live, come join us in chat, live.vognetwork.com.
Ah, here it is.
The
Felucia Apartments is one of the apartments I have.
So I was going to rename it to By Felucia, but I couldn't rename it.
Very sad.
Sad trombone.
Womp womp.
All right, anyhow.
We're going to get into our gaming weeks and all that good stuff.
We'll talk about all that and what we've been doing with the week.
But we got a lot of stuff to catch up on too after being gone last week.
Oh, Alan came and he brought in his tiny tower.
Let me read.
What?
It's still loading.
Oh, it's still loading?
Live radio, everybody.
I think I deleted it like a year ago Yeah, I finally deleted mine off the phone too Let me look at our chatroom, live.vognetwork.com Tim Tripp in chat says, I actually played Tiny Death Star for about 30 minutes Which is 25 more minutes than I usually spend with an iPhone game Dungeon Buster says, I'm playing Tiny Death Star, never played Tiny Towers before so this is new to me So I guess if it hasn't worn off yet then that's good
The Volleyball Gym is called Sandy Balls The Glassworks is called Here Blow This The Breakfast Place is called Enough Fucking Pancakes The Greenhouse Florist is called Dankweed 420 So, yeah And I see your computer lab is called Sierra Online in a nod There you go Those weren't even his funniest ones, but that's alright, there's some funny ones in there
All right, okay, before we get into our gaming weeks and the types of the games that we've been doing this week, we have to settle a few things from when we were gone last week.
We weren't here last week.
I was in Anaheim, sort of at BlizzCon, meaning I didn't go to actual BlizzCon.
I just went to all the parties, and then I went to Disneyland, which is right next door.
And I'll tell you what, that was the way to do it.
I had a great time.
Met a lot of awesome people and all that, and I'll talk more about BlizzCon a little later in the show when we get to some of that news.
But one of the cliffhangers we left with last week, or excuse me, two weeks ago, was that we were talking about kind of the end of the last generation with PlayStation 3 and so forth, and the start of the new one.
And I mentioned that I was waffling on the PlayStation 4, and I wasn't sure if I was going to get one, and I had my pre-order through Amazon, and was I going to keep it, was I going to cancel it, da-da-da-da-da.
Um, Wii U, you might remember a year ago, I never bothered pre-ordering a Wii U. I said, I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
The day the Wii U comes out, what did I do?
I went and bought one at Target, right?
So what happened with the PlayStation 4?
I did not buy the PlayStation 4.
I canceled my pre-order when I got back from Disneyland.
You're a wise, wise fellow.
Well, here's the thing.
And a part of me actually feels kind of bad.
Because at Disney, I had a great time at Disney.
Like Alan and I had a great time on Friday and the park wasn't very crowded.
But then Saturday, randomly, an old friend of mine...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Sway Me Drive Home Sunday
absolutely Diablo 3 on Playstation 4 looks great even though I already played it on PC I enjoy the controls on Playstation 3's demo and I will give the game another try on Playstation 4 absolutely Final Fantasy 14 will be in beta on the Playstation 4 and then I do want to get the Need for Speed game at some point but next year some other things to look forward to Infamous Second Son obviously and Destiny I mean that's all in the first half next year so I'm
Sure, between now and then, I will end up buying a PlayStation 4, but I'm going to be perfectly honest with you guys.
Despite all this console wars and whether you're cheering me or booing me for my decision, money played a big part of it too.
Might have gone over budget a little bit when we were in Hanaheim, so whoops.
Womp womp.
Going to the chat room at live.vognetwork.com, Ross Steel UT says, So the Wii U was worth more at launch than the PlayStation 4?
I'm... This is not going to be a popular answer.
Yes.
and the reason why I say yes is at least on the Wii U and you can call me fanboy all you want I don't give a fuck but on the Wii U at least there was the Mario Brothers which I really wanted to play the Super Mario Brothers Wii U and there was Zombie U and yeah I wanted to play Nintendo Land 2 I mean that was three games at launch that I said I really want to play these games I couldn't do that with PlayStation 4 I couldn't sit there and go these are four games I have to play right now
I couldn't do that.
Now, obviously, we all know that Wii U lost a lot of steam over its first year release and I'm not going to try and defend that.
There should have been more in the pipeline and what have you.
I think that's where PlayStation 4 will outpace Wii U is because I'm looking at the first half of next year going, this looks very exciting for PlayStation 4 with all those games I just named.
So in that regard, which I would argue is more...
Crucial to the system's future than the launch.
The next six months look very good for PlayStation 4.
Let's see, also going to the chat room.
I didn't get one either.
Yeah, neither did Loki.
You guys had already kind of locked that in a couple weeks ago, but I know I was waffling.
It just has to do with the bullshit of launches these days, of system launches, the way they go these days.
If there aren't the games that are going to be out... Let me rephrase that because I can't apparently speak proper English today.
if the games that I want to play are not out when the system launches then buying the system is buying a giant paperweight I would rather wait till the issues get worked out I would rather wait until there's a library that's worth me actually putting some money on and my hundred dollar gift card will last me a while yeah so and um
I am still planning on getting that Zelda 3DS I want and Mario 3D World next week.
Do you know when Fire Emblem's out?
to be fair, there's never been a system that had a five-star launch lineup.
Dreamcast had good games when it came out.
Dreamcast was decent, yeah Sonic Adventure by itself was a great game I remember Super Nintendo was really weak but it had Mario World which was like, you know Nobody cared there's Mario World Exactly Also, there's another one I'm trying to think through Genesis Launch was really crappy as far as games go because it was just the standard Sega fare There was no Sonic Was it like an Alex Kidd game?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Altered Beast, I'm pretty sure was the launch title.
Columns.
Alan's here.
I was trying to think pop quiz-wise, there were five or six launch week Super Nintendo games.
It was SimCity, Pilotwings, right?
Super Mario World.
I want to say Final Fantasy II, but no, that came out a couple months later.
It was launch window.
Yeah.
Within like six months of it.
Because there were just like the four or five.
There was also the Super Scope games.
No, no, SuperScope came way later.
Actually, Alan, I think those ones you named, I don't remember, was F-Zero at launch?
No.
But I think the ones you named were like, I think first party were like the only ones, yeah.
It was Pilotwings, the Nintendo sort of green hair professor port of SimCity and Mario World.
Those were the big three from Nintendo.
Okay.
I thought that first week there were five I'm trying to think what the other two were someone would compete in chat um now I'm trying to I'm getting asked some questions about the Xbox one and where my head's at with that I'm gonna be honest guys I kind of counted that out a while ago because the hundred dollar price tag it's a little more up there and the launch games to me didn't like didn't counterbalance that like yes I know it's getting killer instinct but I'm kind of on
I think the launch games sound a little bit better like Forza 5 sounds pretty awesome and Dead Rising 3 the thing with Dead Rising 3 is it's just like kind of the whole series Dead Rising you know I bought it I have fun with it for about a week and then I get bored with it really fast and so the same thing happened I got Dead Rising 2 and Dead Rising 2 off the record and I got bored with those so fast you'd think that would be impossible being that's a sandbox zombie game but Dead Rising 3 I think I'd just get bored with really fast
Just so you know, Alan, looking at chat, Bobby Blackwolf went and looked it up for you.
The Super Nintendo launch titles were indeed Mario World F-Zero was a launch title.
Pilotwings, SimCity, Gradius 3 was the only other one that was there the day it launched.
Yeah, that was the one you were missing.
So yeah, so here's the thing.
I actually kind of agree that I think the Xbox One lineup and those things you just said, like the Forza, the Crimson Dragon, that not so much Rise.
In fact, very much not so much Rise.
Yeah, Rise is kind of...
but a lot of those other games you're talking about actually I think the Xbox lineup out the gate sounds a little stronger than PlayStation 4 but do I want to pay another $100 for the privilege of playing those games?
Is it that much a must-have title?
Not for me and not the stuff I play.
I still think it's weird seeing... I saw a TV commercial again today.
They had some football on at Chili's.
It was talking about how to watch TV with the Xbox One and how that's a selling feature.
I'm like, I just don't get... I guess if you're really hardcore into fancy football, cool.
But other than that, why the hell would you purchase that system to watch TV on it?
It just doesn't seem like that makes sense.
I will say this now.
Now that it's been a week, and do I regret my decision to not get a PlayStation 4?
It is really taking a lot of willpower to make me not go, isn't there something we could sell to get the money?
Don't we have hidden money somewhere that I could dig up and help pay for the PlayStation 4?
Do I have a rewards card or an unspent gift certificate?
Yeah.
and watching other people on their Twitch streams.
Like, you know, I've been watching... Extifer was streaming some stuff and that was fun and Bobby was streaming some stuff and it was neat to watch and it did kind of make me go, oh, that's right, I could have played like DC Universe Online with all the new textures would have been really cool and flowers really pretty and all that.
and the Twitch stuff looks great so I there is that whole like I want to be in the cool kids club type of thing going on but I'm doing all right I I'm pretty sure I'm gonna make it till 2014 without breaking down and buying a PlayStation 4 we'll see so
All right.
So yeah, that's it.
No PlayStation 4 for me for now.
But I am still going to, of course, be following it as are we all and doing the news and all that.
And I'll get one eventually.
Just so you know, guys, just to kind of put it in perspective.
I did not buy an Xbox 360 at launch either, nor did I buy a PlayStation 3 at launch.
I actually bought the Xbox 360 first.
I bought that about four months after it launched.
They were still really hard to find when I bought it.
Like, I had to track Best Buy's site and when they got the new shipments.
And I remember I had to get, like, the not fancy 360 and had to buy the extra stuff separately.
Like, because they...
Excuse me, they were still hard to come by.
And my Xbox 360 died within a week of me buying it.
That pissed me off.
But whatever, it's old news now.
PlayStation 3, I didn't buy for like a year.
I didn't buy PlayStation 3 until LittleBigPlanet, I think, had been announced or came out or something.
Thanks for watching!
I just, I don't like Killzone, I really don't like Killzone.
And in looking at like, you know, with the next gen games, I guess, you know, like Call of Duty and Battlefield and stuff, I mean, Call of Duty just, first off, Call of Duty I'm not excited about at all.
I had actually gotten a copy, I'm like, fuck this, I'm not opening this, I'm selling it.
And so I did, but I still have another copy, but yeah.
You know, it's just... I haven't even bothered to want to play that.
And, you know, it just didn't look that great on... It just doesn't show off the power of that system at all.
It's kind of... Okay, this looks like a PlayStation 3 game.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, let's see.
What else should I talk about here?
I want to get into our gaming weeks, but I should mention BlizzCon real quick.
I did talk a little more in depth about this over on Horde House, my other show, which is on Wednesdays with Extover, Shane Alinko, and Grandpa Matt.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I had a good time at the event.
You definitely feel that buzz in the air, all the excitement for the new products.
Obviously, a big Warcraft expansion was announced.
We'll get into some of the details a little later on when we get to the news.
There was a lot of buzz about that and the many other things that they announced.
But, you know, remember guys, BlizzCon costs $175 to go to, and I just, I gotta be honest, I think the way I did it was great, where we went to Disneyland, and I got to go to the party, so I got to do all the networking.
Yeah, I didn't get to play the new stuff, but that's okay, I'll play it eventually, it'll come out.
I just, $175, hmm, I don't know about that.
Alright, let's get into our gaming weeks.
What types of video games have we been playing this week on the consoles we do own?
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
I'm actually defending RawSteelUT.
Give me a second.
Oh, chat stuff going on right now at live.vognetwork.com?
Yeah, if he wants attention, then don't give attention.
Let me... Go ahead.
No, my point is that he left the room.
He's not there to defend himself.
I don't see any point in talking about him behind his back.
The end.
Let's get into our gaming week.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
My gaming weeks were... I...
I actually have twice finished the Stanley Parable.
Sorry, I didn't mean to kick you.
Then I'll kick you harder.
I finished the Stanley Parable, which you play it through once the way you're told to play it, and then you do different things that keep you from actually finishing the game.
So it's a very interesting kind of twist on the walkthrough first person adventure.
I really like it.
It's very well done.
I don't know that it was worth the full charge price of it, but it was definitely worth the sale price.
It was a very good game.
and I haven't finished exploring it.
It's pretty neat.
I hear the game has a funny sense of humor.
It does.
It has a really funny sense of humor.
Compared to GLaDOS from Portal a lot.
Yeah, the narrator is just Mr. Snark as long as you don't do what Mr. Narrator says.
So you can rebel against the narrator.
It's encouraged that you do so from time to time.
Um I also have been playing um Mass Effect 2 and Mass Effect 3 because I have uh I'm actually trying once again to get textures imported on my Mass Effect 3 um by doing mods myself from scratch using textures and meshes that other people have made and I've got meshes working just fine not textures and I do not want to use text mod because that means it would be a pain in the ass.
So, moving on from that, I also played Final Fantasy XIV, and I'm taking my sweet time with it, but I finally got Thaumaturge leveled up.
Once someone reminded me that I could actually pick some of my Arcanist abilities and use them with my Thaumaturge, the class became less shitty.
I'm sorry, physic is like...
Like, thaumaturges are like, squish, squish, squish, squish, no mana, squish, squish.
And then I was like, oh yeah, physic.
Being able to heal yourself is a great little perk.
But now I'm back to Arcanist, and I'm going to work up to 34 and then do that stupid quest again.
That one that I'm trying to finish, so I'm just wandering around doing fates right now anyway.
So, kind of boring, but... Excited about the content patch coming in December?
Yeah, I did enjoy the lightning thing.
I got the quest and I actually hung out where basically you just find where all the people are camping and that's where lightning is going to show up eventually in one of the little random fates that pop up in that area.
So I actually got the lightning thing, her showing there and being all kind of broody to herself.
Is this my fate?
I'm lightning angst.
I just liked how all the fonts turned to Final Fantasy XIII and the music.
I liked that too.
I gotta be honest, I sat there waiting for the fate to pop and I was like, this is so boring, I didn't even see it through.
I was like, fuck this, I'll do it later.
Well, I was a little bit late because I was trying to get a good view to Screencapper.
You know, because they turned it off, your regular screencaps, but I use Steam for it.
So I was going to turn off all my stuff in Screencapper, but I didn't get it done.
I did like, though, that you can get some of the outfits and armor, and that's what I'm kind of working on right now because I like pretty stuff.
I've been playing Animal Crossing.
I am going to be probably playing Animal Crossing because I have one loan left for my second character.
and then there's Julian's but I'm using his as bribery so that he actually behaves and he's a good boy but he doesn't listen.
Another one of your animals moved to my village.
Really?
Agnes, I think it was.
Oh, the pig?
Yeah.
I know Portia just moved too so I don't know who she moved to.
I don't think she came to mine.
I got Agnes.
I got Mitzi, finally, who was the white cat with the blue face that was on the cover of the first game.
I have Mitzi now.
Oh, nice.
And I like her better than Ed and I want Ed to leave because he's fucking creepy.
It's like they're real people.
I was actually, because I started listening to the Night Vale podcast, which is fun But I was thinking about doing like an Animal Crossing parody with Night Vale type stuff It's called Welcome to Normandy or something You know, a particular person at VOG has openly voiced the fact that they would love to have some type of fiction-based podcast thing here It would be a lot of fun
Well, you know, I've been working on stories already, so... There you go.
Make it happen.
Make it work.
I actually have a very extreme story I'm already working on for a webcomic, but it would tie in very nicely with the podcast.
Talk to me.
Talk to me, person.
All right.
And...
I uh crap I played other shit but I don't remember what the fuck it was uh and um it's kind of hard though I've noticed to play um MMOs when you have a very needy cat Midna has now taken to climbing up my side and patting me on the shoulder when she wants me to play with her not just you know the climbing up part but she pats me on the shoulder and waits till I look at her and then she goes meh and then she hops up in my lap and tries to eat my mouse so
Whatever Not an actual mouse, like your computer mouse My... Cat and mouse You know what's stupid about my mouse, by the way?
What?
Because Microsoft doesn't make that thumb trackball anymore People on Amazon sell them for 200 bucks Oh, really?
And I own two of them They don't make thumb trackballs anymore?
Not the wired Microsoft thumb trackball Oh, like different brands and stuff Logitech makes one like it But people are actually spending the 200 bucks And it makes me think maybe I should sell one of mine Gotcha But then again, I wouldn't be able to get another
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Uh, I played a lot of Grand Theft Auto.
Of course you did.
Of course I did.
So, I played more of online, I think I'm like level 28 now on PS3.
I didn't play any online on 360, but I did 100% 360, so I'm all done with that.
And actually, I'm kind of, I was trying to black out everything on 360 as far as the
100% checklists because there's more stuff you can do than actually you get 100% for which doesn't make any sense but that's the way they have it so I uh what did I do I did all the um Epsilon tracks the other day and I don't know I'm just messing around um I'll probably play more online because they're gonna have a content patch coming out um this week and
Then I played Cookie Clicker, but I started that last night, so it's only been a few hours.
I can hear you over there clicking while you're talking, by the way.
Of course.
Oh my gosh.
You've got an intervention.
It'll be over soon, don't worry.
There is an end.
All right.
How many cookies do you have right now?
Well, I'm producing just under 30 million per second.
That's not enough.
All right, anything else?
That's it.
All right, My Gaming Week.
Oh, real quick, actually.
A little bit of Forza Horizon, but I wasn't actually playing it.
My son was playing it.
I saw the stuff on Facebook with the pictures and everything.
Yeah, he likes playing with my Microsoft racing wheel.
He likes pretending it's a steering wheel and goes and plays around with that.
So I'm like, hey...
What about the... Then he wants to sit in my car and stuff.
And so I tell him how the car works.
And I'm like, yeah, you push the pedals to go and stuff.
I'm like, I'll tell you what, it can set up a game for you and you can go drive a car in that.
And so he had trouble at first because I had the force feedback on and stuff.
It's hell hard to drive that stupid steering wheel with the force feedback on.
So I turned it all off and...
Um, then I finally, I switched him into a Honda Fit, because, uh, the car I picked for him, because it was a Class C car, um, just was all over the road, but for some reason the Fit doesn't, yeah, it's more stable, I guess, or something.
And so he, um...
DarkTetsuya saw the video and said, that was a great video, Loki.
Siao wants to know, Siao, sorry, I always mispronounce your name, says, what's the subscription fee for the Final Fantasy MMO?
I believe it's $12.95 a month for the basic, which gives you one character or server, but
I only had one plan and that was the $14.99 plan.
Go take a look because I think there's a $12.95 plan.
I didn't see any of it but I don't care because I wanted all the stuff and whatever.
It's what I was paying for WoW anyway so it's fine.
It's not that big a difference.
All right, anything else, Loki?
Or do I get to go?
That's it.
All right.
My game of the week.
Honestly, not a whole lot of different stuff because I was out of town for a few days.
But, you know, the typical Final Fantasy XIV, you know, I'm addicted to that.
And also played some World of Warcraft.
I think the whole BlizzCon thing might have energized me a little bit to at least log in and check on my character and go, yep, still got no friends left playing this game.
That's too bad.
But I did play some actual new stuff.
I did play a little more of the Midway Arcade because I was trophy hunting in that game and I talked about that a couple weeks ago on the show.
But another game I played on PlayStation 3, you ready for this?
While all you guys were busy with your newfangled PlayStation 4s playing one of the big launch titles, Assassin's Creed 4...
I played Assassin's Creed 3 on PlayStation 3 which by the way is my first Assassin's Creed game I've ever played to which everybody is telling me you're doing it wrong!
I want two.
I actually have two for PC.
Do you?
But I hated playing it without a controller.
I've been playing Assassin's Creed 3.
I like it well enough.
I've only gotten through that first little chapter thing where you're in the opera house and then the boat and everything.
I like the way that it was telling a story and I thought the environments were really kind of neat.
I really like that opera house.
It was really pretty to be scaling all around and jumping all around.
So I was kind of having fun with that.
But did you fight Ultros?
No, I did not fight Ultros, but I did have to walk in the rafters and all that stuff.
The way the sequence was done was really neat.
You would hop over to this stage piece that would fall because of your weight, but not all the way onto the stage.
I don't know, I was having fun with it.
I want to play a little more of it, so I probably will.
I didn't get to play a lot this week, but I played enough to get through that first chapter.
It was exciting enough.
Considering it was a series, I've had a lot of people tell me, Rob, you should play Assassin's Creed.
Why don't you talk about Assassin's Creed on your show?
Why aren't you playing this game?
I tried Assassin's Creed 1.
Nah, it was just kind of not for me.
I just wanted to play too, simply because it was Renaissance Italy, and you get to kill Dometicis, and that's always fun.
Because when they weren't busy being Pope or killing each other off, they're a very interesting family.
And yeah, all those same people telling me to play Assassin's Creed, I'm sure when they hear I started with a third game, are going to be like, what are you doing?
Don't do that one!
But too late, and I'm enjoying it well enough, so...
Thanks for watching!
Well, but could that be because of the spread where some people are waiting for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and all that?
Yeah, it's funny because actually for work, I was doing some comparisons between launch... Basically from that Tuesday to the Saturday launch week versus their previous iterations and stuff.
And...
Just a little bit of a spoiler here.
Call of Duty Ghosts did not sell through 1 billion copies.
They sold into retail 1 billion copies.
They sold through maybe about $177 million worth of that, not $1 billion.
Assassin's Creed 4, I don't remember what it was, but it was less than half.
of Assassin's Creed 3 Assassin's Creed 3 sold really well but that's my idea with that is because they changed up the locale and it was a little bit of a different type of game so it was a lot more interesting whereas 4 is very similar to Assassin's Creed 3 except now it's pirates and there's more of the ship stuff in there but I don't know and then no one cares about Call of Duty for some reason this year
Looking at our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com, Tim Tripp says, I'm loving Assassin's Creed 4.
Sexy pirate adventure time.
Assassin's Creed 3, the part I played, didn't have pirates, but it had a little bit of the boat.
I don't know if you've been marking yourself for download for all those free Xbox games, right?
No, I don't think I have.
They had Assassin's Creed 2 on there.
Oh, did they?
Yeah.
Whoops.
Stupid me.
All right, let's see other comments on Assassin's Creed.
DKB says, I couldn't get through the first one, but the rest were great.
Let's see.
Burr says the Assassin's Creed 2 trilogy is good, or you could go right into Assassin's Creed 4.
And let's see.
They did just put out the Ezio trilogy on, well, they had it out on PS3, and now it's out on 360 as well.
Gene in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says maybe the second one it's cheap, easily sets up how to play so there you go some comments and suggestions from our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com that's pretty much it for my gaming week I have some other PlayStation Network things to get into but I didn't play them enough so I'll get into them a little later on next week
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
because I have some other newer stuff like I did some streaming of Typing of the Dead that old Slenderman video from a few months ago that's all there but you can check out my Let's Remember series with Jumpman Jr.
First video is up.
I started to do a second video tonight but I couldn't use it because get this I was trying to do, I don't want to say the game because I'll probably end up doing it later but it was an Atari 2600 game, I'll say that much and when I was recording because the old Atari 2600 games when there was too much on the screen would have the flicker
I'll see you next time.
both mainstream stuff and neglected stuff I'm kind of starting with a bunch of games that don't get talked enough about but I have like a shit ton of Commodore 64 stuff I want to play and even older stuff Atari 2600 and so on so alright
Thank you for watching!
you can also listen to this program not just via iTunes and the App Store and all that but we are also available on streaming sites such as TuneIn and Stitcher Radio and that's an opportunity for me to say that Stitcher Radio does have reviews now and those really help with exposure they do have a direct impact on that so please if you enjoy the show consider leaving us a nice little review on Stitcher we really really appreciate it alright let's get into some gaming news now it's been a very busy week with the launch of a system and everything right Loki?
Yeah so you know as with any console launching there's sometimes hiccups with things one of which is people encountering the blinking blue light which is a error indicator can mean a bunch of different things including you know an issue with you know TV compatibility an issue with the
Power Supply, The Hard Drive, or something else!
Of course, one of the things I know that people are mentioning is sometimes there's an issue where the HDMI port that they have on there, that part of the metal shielding on there is popped up and you have to push it down because your HDMI cable might not go all the way into the port and make a bad connection.
Then that causes that wonderful light to pop up as well.
or your hard drive might not be seated properly and you need to go pop that out and maybe put it back in and see if that works.
So they have a lot of stuff.
Obviously through Sony's support site you can check it out and
If you have a problem or just fucking complain and say, hey, my shit's not working.
I just bought the system.
What the fuck?
And they'll send you a coffin to send your system back and fix it.
But don't do what everybody else does, which is just write an angry post on the internet because that's not really going to fix anything.
No.
So what do you think?
I don't know.
Is it doom and gloom for Sony?
No, because they were saying that it's a lot of these issues so far that they've charted as far as people calling in.
It's only been about...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, obviously those people are very vocal, so it's making it sound like a larger issue.
But until it becomes a larger issue, like the Xbox 360 launch, that's actually well within usual hardware tolerances.
Yeah.
Here's the thing though, just to play devil's advocate a little bit, didn't the 360 and Microsoft and all that grossly understate the amount of 360 consoles that were having problems?
Because I think they said what, like, I don't know, the number was really low, and then at one point they said it was 30%, like they went as high as they did, but just the people I know, it's more like...
75% of those things had problems for real.
Considering how many consoles I went through on the Xbox 360 and how my PlayStation systems 1, 2, and 3, not a problem at all.
In fact, it's funny.
I actually took apart my PlayStation 3 a couple weeks ago when I thought, oh, it's pretty hot.
I'm sure there's a ton of fucking cat hair in there.
Surprisingly, there's no cat hair in there.
I was like, how the fuck did that happen?
My computer's, like, full of cat hair.
But that system, for some reason, nothing.
I don't know what they did to it.
It's a magic cat hair repellent or something.
But, yeah, I've never had a problem with any of the Sony systems.
Like, Microsoft would be the one I'd be very wary about because, like I said, I went through about 12 systems with them, so...
Yeah, I'm a little bit more skeptical with Microsoft hardware.
But, you know, it's not to say that it's not possible that there is a widespread thing.
But so far, it doesn't seem to be that, you know, with the Xbox 360 launch, you know, everybody was being affected by it.
It's like you knew someone that had, you know, something go wrong with their system.
And it's very obvious.
But...
We'll see.
They just went through and sold a ton of systems.
We'll see if we start hearing more about this.
If it's going to be a widespread thing.
But I don't think it is at the moment.
Yet another reason I avoid lunch.
ShadowNextGen says,
I have a launch 20 gig PS3 and it works just fine.
I'm just hoping that doesn't crap out someday because that would suck.
I've never had a problem with any of my systems except the 360.
My PlayStation 1 and Japanese PlayStation 2 and American one were fine.
Well, like,
My JPS2 is a launch one, too.
And it's been working just fine, perfectly.
And my PS3 was a launch PS3.
And it's zero problems.
You know how apt those were to having issues.
But we did... One of our Xboxes red-ringed.
But we haven't had the problem since, and they were still making them under those same specs.
So...
I think they've learned their lesson a lot especially with the red ring thing was the whole overheating of those chips and technology has gotten so much better in the years now that they're not using 90 nanometer chips anymore they're using 20, 30 nanometer chips that are way cooler way more energy efficient so running into heating problems nowadays isn't as much of an issue anymore because technology has improved so much in the years so
I think, unless of course you're shoving your system into a closed-look area, like the red light of Doom was one of the ones that people were saying on the PlayStation 4, that's from it overheating, but I just don't think right now we haven't heard enough to where I think it's widespread yet.
We'll see.
I mean, if we hear that there's a ton of people being affected by it, or if it's something that...
It's fine now, but two weeks down the road, all of a sudden everyone's systems start dying, then that's something different.
Alright, well, moving on to more talk about PlayStation 4.
You know, when they released that giant FAQ on Sony's site a few weeks ago, some people were very upset to hear that there was not going to be any type of playback in the games, and that the PlayStation 4, for some weird reason, won't even play CDs.
I guess CDs are a dying thing, which is ironic because this is Sony.
Like, didn't Sony start the CD player stuff?
Like...
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Except that's the way I saw it.
It's interesting that he fires that direct shot.
There's a lot of people saying that, Loki.
Okay, this is cool.
I'm just saying, believe him or not, but he did come out and say we did not do it because of this.
Let me finish the quote.
The focus has been more on the game features.
Some of the features we wanted but couldn't get in on day one.
Go ahead.
Okay, then I would like to explain to him why he did put it out.
I mean, if they said, hey, listen, you guys could have had, you know, CDMP3 playback, but then we wouldn't have had, like, game streaming or something like that.
I don't know.
I just, it just sounds odd that, you know, that they would just omit this stuff.
Yet, yet, hey, that Music Unlimited service works just fine.
It's just a little odd.
Is it working, though?
Have any of the PlayStation 4 adopters signed up for Music Unlimited just because they had to hear their Lady Gaga while they're playing?
Hey, they've got a free trial in there with all the launch systems.
Interesting.
One of the things I did like, just looking, kind of reminding me based off that picture there, is one of the things that I don't even know if they've really been talking about, but those controllers have a headphone out on them for game audio.
Like, actual game audio from, you know, your TV.
So, like, if, like, before, you know, about a month ago or so, I didn't have a wireless headset for my PlayStation 3, and I just had headphones.
And that would work fantastic.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
They were crunching to get this out on time, and so they just focus on game-related features now, and then they're going to add that all in, you know, quarter one next year or something.
Okay, you know, I'm fine with that.
Yeah, he did go on to say, as we speak, the people in Japan, the system guys, are discussing when we can put these features in.
Okay, well, it sounds like that's what it is, but, you know, it is a little...
you know perplexing that oh hey music unlimited works but you know we just couldn't possibly squeeze out you know the one man you know one programmer that's gonna take to implement mp3 playback on I mean come on how fucking hard is it gonna be to implement mp3 playback on a goddamn ps4 I don't think it's gonna be that hard to write an mp3 playback app it just doesn't seem like it would be that difficult I don't know
Alright, by the way, some folks in chat and discussing the origins of the CD.
Actdeft says Philips did the CD, but Sony jumped on the CD quickly too.
Ranma says it was a joint venture between Philips and Sony.
I do remember that Philips was heavily involved.
And Philips had, what, the CDI back in the day, so he got into gaming at one point.
You remember that Sony worked on the Super Nintendo's processor and I believe was supposed to make a CD unit.
Yeah, Sony was... And then, like, no, let's do our own thing.
I think it was Nintendo didn't want to do it something to that effect but at any rate Sony took what they had from having worked with Nintendo and jumped on their own little bit of the wagon gaming history y'all
Alright, well, so you'll get to have your, or as SGO100 Matt in chat says, if I can't listen to Kesha while I'm gaming, then that's a deal breaker.
Well, you'll get your We Are Who We Are or whatever songs it is she does.
You'll get to play those songs in Need for Speed or whatever soon enough.
What?
Help.
What?
Because I like Kesha.
I blame you for showing me that video.
Oh, now, the video she did with James Van Der Beek, that was great.
You know, I checked out the director's other videos, and they are equally as brilliant.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, yeah.
Good times.
But I blame you.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, hate.
Let's move on.
DarkSakura, you're next, actually.
Well, how about some wank?
Wank, wank, and more wank.
Goddamn you Blizzard.
During the show?
It's gross.
Goddamn you Blizzard.
Blizzard's a bunch of fuckers.
Why?
Because they put out an expansion I'm actually interested in.
Warlords of Draenor Blah blah blah Level 90 Blah blah blah I mean actually level 100 But they're doing an instant level 90 now With the expansion which I think is stupid But I'll talk about that in a minute So basically you get to go into the past And learn more stuff about the space goats And explore the land of the space goats And hang out with the space goats And hopefully play more space goats Because that was my favorite race
I'm glad to hear the Draenei aren't getting fucked over in this expansion.
Because in the last couple expansions, they've just been absent.
Straight up, not a part of it.
Fuck your pandas.
Fuck all these other people.
We're going to go here and be Russian.
Or at least sound Russian.
Yes, yes.
I do.
Yep, and I had so much fun with it.
I played through all of Cataclysm without any help, practically, except for just being in the guild.
I didn't do dungeons, I didn't craft.
I didn't discover crafting until I had already started raiding, I think, so it was kind of funny.
but yeah, they're boosting level cap to 100 and you can instantly upgrade one character to level 90 so that you can start playing the new content which I would like to see if there are other restrictions on this just because, keep in mind
People, part of the reason that you level is to not just gain the experience and the abilities of your character in game, but so that you learn the mechanics of your character in game.
And by learning those mechanics, it makes you an overall better-rounded player.
You know how you fit in when, you know, if you, should you decide to do instances, which some are fun, some are not.
You know, but...
And people will give you unwanted tips on how to play your class even when you don't give a shit.
Which, assholes.
We were talking a little bit about this on Horde House just at that point.
There's supposed to be some type of scenarios or something that help you learn.
Like if you're a brand new level one that boosts to 90, you get some type of scenario that helps you understand your class or something.
That's still, I don't think, going to be good enough.
It's an interesting band-aid.
You know, like even...
I always kind of approach that because I don't play World of Warcraft and I don't know too much about it.
And this announcement, just nothing.
I feel nothing.
Nothing jumped out saying, hey, that looks really cool.
I just kind of, eh, whatever.
They didn't really do anything to attract new players, to be honest.
Which kind of sounds like a mistake to me, if you ask.
I think it is a mistake.
Anyway, sorry, Jamie.
And this is the crappy thing because I really want to play it for the lore.
I really want to see what the new stuff is.
It's very interesting to me, but I just completely dropped it.
World of Warcraft for Final Fantasy and I'm really enjoying Final Fantasy I enjoy not having to rep grind I don't care about doing all the Titan crap or what's the other stuff that you guys have been doing the primal fights I can get those later I haven't had this wild urge to massively level I've been able to sit back and enjoy the game and that's kind of what I dug about playing through Cataclysm the first time but then when I got to all the Panda shit I was like
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
There's supposed to be improvements like a re-skinned character models and new animation, but I hope that they never change the Night Elf dance because that shit's funny.
So that's it.
You can watch the trailer online.
It's pretty.
Part of me just does not want to give a shit.
The other part of me is like, ooh, goat.
You know, I'm not super into World of Warcraft lore.
I never have been, which is funny, you know, with the podcast and everything.
But I was always more about the social aspect.
And the garrison sounds really neat.
The whole player cities or whatever sound really neat.
Well, it almost sounds like they're trying to give a nod back to the original Warcraft games because you pretty much had your own towns and your defensible areas, you know, when you did places.
That's a good point.
The other thing that's just really...
I'm wondering the updates I think as far as characters and animation are necessary they are long overdue and I realize they've been trying to cater to people on older systems that might not be able to keep up with it but at the same time I think that keeping like a window of about maybe five years worth of computer what's the word I'm trying to think of being friendly to older systems is a safe bet rather than how long has the game been out now like what
Oh, nine years almost?
Yeah, nine years.
And they were still catering to people from computers.
I mean, I was playing whatever you had installed on your MacBook.
Wrath of the Lich King, I think.
Yeah, I was playing that stuff on your MacBook.
And it was still just fine.
So, I mean...
I don't know.
I really, really, really, really want to see the new stuff.
It's just, I don't know if it's so worth it to me.
I've been, well, you know, I read all the books that came out during Cataclysm.
I got all of those books.
I love the freaking Thrall book.
I didn't read the Jaina book, though, because I'm just pissed off about what they did to her.
I mean, I hate how her character has become, she used to be like one of my favorites, even though I made fun of her.
Because I do have a character named Vagina.
who I made look like her.
But other than that, I can get the lore stuff from my friends or I can get it on YouTube.
I watched the whole ending of the Garrosh bullshit on YouTube.
Yeah, oh, there's two versions, right?
I've watched both of them.
I'm mildly surprised, but not majorly.
I was just like, Jaina, shut up.
Your trauma's showing.
Granted, it's well-earned trauma, but still.
I don't want to repeat myself too much from Wednesday's Horde House, but some of my co-hosts really got into how they feel that this is being charged for a patch, that a lot of this stuff should have been taken care of in a patch.
But I said that, you know, I'm really looking forward to five mans coming back, thank God, because I've been really pissed off that Pandaria neglected them, and that's probably the reason I'm not playing right now.
DarkSakura.com
So if you can put a group together, and when I say 11, that's an arbitrary number between 10 and 25.
You can now do LFR difficulty with a pre-established group of like 11, 12 people.
Everything flexes now.
And for the hardcore players, they're getting a new difficulty called Mythic Rating that's all 20-man.
That's it.
No more 10s and 25s.
20-man.
You know what, though?
That part's cool.
I do actually miss the rating.
But you know what the big crappy part of it was at the end?
Mm-hmm.
was that I like to chat with all my friends, you know, in the guild.
Right.
And it just sort of got to be a ghost town, sort of.
I mean, I was fine doing all the stuff by myself.
You can easily play through anything in World of Warcraft as a solo game.
Right.
And actually, that's one advantage it has over Final Fantasy XIV to me, because you have to have other people to do the duty things, like what's the...
Like the dungeons.
The dungeons, yeah.
You have to do those, yeah.
I like the better that there are four people and not five, but still, it's... I liked having the option of me being able to do this shit by myself and then going back and doing dungeons alone so that I could see what they were like because, you know, that's how I was farming for... And you can't do that in Final Fantasy XIV because it level sinks you.
Exactly.
Which is, you know, it's good and bad.
So, yeah, pluses and minuses.
I don't know.
For right now, as much as I really, really want to see the new content, I can't justify it.
Well, we don't even know the date anyway, so you have a long time to make up your mind.
So if Final Fantasy XIV turns crusty and old, then maybe I'll be back.
which it might, and Blizzard's probably banking on that a little bit, so we'll see alright, moving on, Loki alright, so let's talk a little bit about let's go back and talk about gold as I mentioned before there's the Xbox Live games with gold thing that you get some free games, and originally it was, oh hey, we're gonna stop it once the Xbox One comes out, and everyone's like why the fuck aren't you just
And now they're like, well, hey, we're going to do it again.
We're going to keep it going through 2014.
And we're going to include Xbox One games on a monthly basis.
Which makes me believe that that's probably going to be digital games.
Because I don't see them giving away...
Well, I can see them giving away Rise because that game looks like crap.
There's no way they're giving away retail games for the first year, or at least six months.
Probably a lot of download stuff.
So, yeah, it'll be a while.
But, hey, still though, it's good to see that that's going to be continuing on.
I would not be surprised, though, even if they did retail games, that that doesn't change to be more like the PlayStation Network program where you have to continue being a live member in order to...
I mean, because come on, they put everything else behind the fucking paywall.
What makes you think that they're all of a sudden going to just continue on with, oh, sure, we're generous to give you free games that you can have forever.
No, no, this is Microsoft.
If Sony's doing it and people are happy with it, they're going to do it too.
I guess, yeah, I'm excited to go in there and see what they're going to give away on 360 and maybe flag some of the games.
But at the same time, my account's coming up for renewal soon.
I don't know if I'm going to do it because I'm just like, there's really nothing I'm playing online on 360 anymore.
I was playing Mass Effect 3 pretty heavily for a while, but now most of the people I play with are on PC and we haven't really done Forza in forever and there's really not a lot to play on 360 right now.
Even on PS... To be fair, on PlayStation 3, there's not a lot I play online either.
It's all PC or really nothing.
But it's all free now.
I mean, it's free.
True.
But yeah, I'm kind of the same.
Mine's renewing soon too, but I do play quite a bit on 360, so I'll probably keep mine.
Thanks for watching!
All right, let's move on.
Nintendo put out a bit of news this week.
They did another one of their Nintendo Directs, which is how they get the news out these days.
Taking their case directly to their fans and cutting out all the skeptics in between.
This is the news that came out on their Direct on November 13th.
A release date for Mario Party Island Tour in Europe.
That will be January, even though we're getting that next week, right?
Sorry, Europe, you gotta wait till the new year.
The 3DS will be getting YouTube, which is kind of one of those things they announced it and I went, it's not already there.
And like, oh yeah, it's really not already there.
So finally, YouTube on the 3DS.
Grasping the internet.
Yeah.
Which by the way, let me throw this out there, see what the live chatters think.
I was going to keep this a secret, but what the hell.
I'm thinking about putting OLR episodes up in full on YouTube.
And no, this will not involve video.
But just like a static picture while you have... Because now you don't have to break things up into 15 minutes anymore.
So you just do three hours.
And my big problem right now, I can't get in the Orange Launch Radio account.
So I need Jason's help getting me back in there.
I don't remember how to get in.
They switched YouTube so many times now with the integration.
I can't log into the account.
So hopefully Jason can figure it out or he might be screwed and have to get a new name.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I think it does have a sound player, but I'm not sure if it's MP3s or if it's like MPA, either that iTunes format or whatever it is.
No, regardless, you can't do podcasts.
We know that.
Even though the PSP did, yeah, that website on the PSP that did it, you can't really do it easy.
So that is something we're toying with.
So that's really cool to hear that YouTube will be on the 3DS so that, you know, for whatever it is on YouTube you want to look at, that'll be possible.
And YouTube on the 3DS, I believe that there is a YouTube player for the PlayStation 4 as well.
So there you go.
Yay, it's all over the place.
There you go.
All right.
Other things.
3DS and Wii U, there's going to be a system update for both.
And finally, the eShops will be combined.
Thank God.
It's about time, right?
They're going to combine the eShops, not the games, sorry.
But the account balances will be one and the same.
So the good news is if you have like 23 cents sitting in your wallet on 3DS and like 23 cents on all that leftover change, you'll be able to combine it.
Yay!
Buy something and not have that leftover change anymore.
DLC coming to Pikmin 3.
DLC worked out pretty well for Mario Wii U last year with the Super Luigi Brothers, so it'll be interesting to see what comes to the Pikmin 3 DLC.
Bravely Default comes to the US on February 7th.
Professor Layton and the Azran Legacy comes out in North America on February 28th and there is a new hero mode in Zelda A Link Between Worlds and there's also something about and I'm not finding here Miiverse on 3DS but I know we have a follow up on that in a little bit here so I'll wait for that
Super Mario 3D World
so she will be available in Super Mario 3D World I missed what the qualifications were to unlock her I want to say that if you had like a save file from the old game you get it right away no no that's um if you have Super Luigi Brothers you get the classic Mario Brothers re-skinned into Luigi Brothers you get that but yeah that's really cool Rosalina's another character there so hooray yeah I'm very excited about Mario 3D World
I'm glad.
Yeah.
Yay, excitement.
Huzzah.
Huzzah.
All right, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Well, speaking of 3DS stuff, Miiverse has got a few restrictions on it that may not please people.
It's the Wii U social network that they're doing.
It's going to be out on 3DS in December, but they are not going to allow private messages or friend requests.
They don't have those features.
Basically, I think that's kind of going along with what happened with, not PictoChat, Swapnote.
Yeah.
To avoid, you know, getting at anything that may not be safe for little kitties and, you know, an easily offendable adult.
So, it's...
They're still going to be able to use this for consolidating their eShop balances, like you were saying.
But they can leave comments about games.
There's sort of a bulletin board thing about that.
But you're not going to be able to do the actual private message person to person.
DarkSakura.com
Yeah, but Miiverse is moderated.
It'll be on there for five seconds, Rob.
That's right.
Somebody might see it.
Someone will see the penis.
They will touch it.
They will love it.
With their little stylus.
Boop it.
Boop the penis.
Boop.
I thought you meant to say bop it, like I'm thinking about those old like, you know, like bop it, twist it, throw it, turn it.
I saw one of those at the thrift store the other day and some kid was playing with it and was like, this toy sucks!
I was like, that's what we thought when it came out.
Didn't they make like Bop It for the Nintendo Wii?
Am I crazy?
Or wasn't there like actually a Bop It game?
No, there wasn't a Bop It game.
Are you sure?
There was like Jenga.
They had a few Jenga games and I was like, what the?
You can't play Jenga on a Wii.
That's dumb.
People can barely play Jenga in real life.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And anyway, they're going to flick the penis.
If it was like chicks topless and dudes pantsless playing Bop It, that might be the reason to watch the TV show, right?
Fair enough.
Maybe Cinemax needs to get in on the Bop It TV show.
Bop It, twist it, turn it, touch it.
I'm sorry, you were talking about... Sorry.
I don't like where this show's going.
You were talking about pantsless guys and I just started laughing because that is hilarious mental imagery.
Equal opportunity.
I'm trying to think if you've got to have topless chicks.
But I imagine that male dangly bits look a lot more hilarious than boobs bouncing.
All right.
Moving on.
I don't like where this show's going.
It's going to a dark place.
Let's go to release dates.
What, your pants?
Loki, save the show and please read the release dates.
See, I'll just think of the children.
Shut up.
Release dates.
Well, next week we have the launch of the Xbox One, so that'll be coming out on Friday.
Along with that, a bunch of other games, including, and not necessarily all for the Xbox One.
Zumba Kids for the Wii and Xbox 360 NBA Live 14 for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag coming out on PC and Xbox One Walking Dead Game of the Year Edition the good one from Telltale another crappy Activision one that's on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and
uh Need for Speed Rivals on all the other systems other than PlayStation 4 it's on PS3 Xbox 360 Xbox One and PC uh Young Justice Legacy on PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 and 3DS uh let's see here Zuma Fitness World Party on Xbox One The Amazing Spider-Man on Vita Just Dance 2014 on Xbox One Battlefield 4
4 on Xbox One, FIFA 14, Madden 25, also Xbox One, Band Fuse Rock Legends on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
That's sort of like Rocksmith, but not Rocksmith.
Although, hey, that game did have a cameo in, what was it, the movie 43 or whatever that was.
Isn't that movie awful?
I heard horrible things about that movie.
Oh, it wasn't very good.
I watched it.
It was not funny.
Adventure Time Explored Dungeon because I don't know.
That's coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U, and on the 3DS.
Fighter Within on Xbox One.
Aquapazza Aqua Plus Dream Match on PlayStation 3.
And what else we've got here?
I know there's some Nintendo games coming out as well, of course.
We've got Mario Party Island Tour on the 3DS.
We also have Angry Birds Star Wars on Xbox One.
Lego Marvel Super Heroes on Xbox One.
GameStick!
They're still claiming that they're coming out that week, so maybe that'll be out.
Zoo Tycoon on 360.
Forza Motorsports 5.
Dead Rising 3.
Girls Fashion Shoot for the 3DS Rise, Son of Rome The Legend of Zelda A Link Between Worlds on 3DS Tearaway on the Vita Super Mario 3D World on Wii U as well as that wonderful Nintendo 3DS XL Golden Black with The Legend of Zelda A Link Between Worlds
That's it.
And then it officially dies to nothing.
I was going to say, last big week of the year, right?
It goes into a coma for the next two months.
Is it last big week of the year?
Because then, after that, you've got Black Friday, and that's when all the stuff's supposed to be out by.
Well, actually, there's the first week in December, you've got Gran Turismo 6, and then it literally, there is nothing... Well, the South Park game was supposed to be there, but that got moved.
Yeah, the South Park was supposed to be on the 10th,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and Dragon Ball Z, Battle for Z on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
That's it.
That's literally everything between now and January and February.
That is like nothing.
It's unheard of.
This segment will go by quickly in the coming weeks.
What's coming out?
Nothing.
Nothing.
All right.
Let's see.
Going to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
Codeman in our chatroom says, girls fashion shoot.
I'm all over that shit because I'm a classy bitch.
You and me both, Cody.
You and me both.
By the way, speaking of classy bitch, I want to thank Alan for bringing me the wine to drink during the show.
Can I smell it?
Yes, you may.
You could have a little taste if you want.
I don't know if it's against your... It's very sweet.
...what you can and can't eat right now.
All right.
You know what?
I have to try that stuff that Victoria told me about.
The Frivolo?
Yeah I need some of that in my life Actually, we're looking at going out to the winery in a couple weeks to do that Kidnap me I don't know if Lady Victoria will be here, but she hasn't been on the show in forever She was on like one show in the old studio None of the listeners here probably know her We need to kidnap her
We do.
Need to make that happen.
Victoria would be great on this show because she's a WoW widow.
In one of her relationships many years ago, the guy cared about World of Warcraft more than her.
And so she's got all these stories about how much she hates the Storming the Castle game.
I think it would be a fun... I wanted to get her on Horde House because of that.
That would be funny.
I digress.
Let's talk about Japanese release dates.
On the PlayStation 4 this week... Oh, you guys don't get the PlayStation 4 until February 11th.
I'm so mean, why did I say that?
So I think that plays into it more than we might want to admit here in the US.
I don't know.
But anyway, that just kind of was a little reminder there as I was looking at the release dates.
Oh yeah, Japan didn't have all this craziness that we had here this week with PlayStation 4.
However, on the PlayStation 3 still kicking this week in Japan, hey...
If you're mad at me about what I said about the PlayStation 4, you can get your revenge this week with Lightning Returns Final Fantasy XIII.
I really want that game.
I can't play it until, like, February.
Are you sure it's going to be revenge?
Because, I mean, after the last one, you know, it might be just like... I thought Final Fantasy XIII 2 was good.
It was good.
I didn't think it was supposed to be that good.
Oh, whatever.
Final Fantasy XIII Lightning Returns.
It'll be interesting.
We'll say that much one way or the other.
That is out in Japan this week on the PlayStation 3.
Hanasaku Mani Mani also comes out.
Monster Hunter Frontier G in like a beginner's package is out this week as well in Japan.
Need for Speed Rivals makes its way to Japan as well.
And Shin Atelier Rorona...
Hajimari no Monogatari The Alchemist of Arland comes out this week on PlayStation 3 as well there's also by the way like a special ultimate box for Lightning Returns I guess that's some type of collector's edition I didn't really read up on because I don't plan on importing it
On the Xbox 360 this week in Japan, just Lightning Returns on the 360 as well, and Need for Speed Rivals also comes out in Japan this week on the 360.
Going over to the PlayStation Vita, the Shin Atelier Arona game I mentioned earlier is also on the PlayStation Vita, and that's really it this week on the Vita.
and the Wii U this week gets Super Mario 3D World.
Taiko no Tatoujin on the Wii U. Damn the Wii U for not being region free.
Damn it, because I would so import that game.
I love Taiko no Tatoujin.
It's so cute, especially if it still had the inflatable drum, although it probably doesn't.
It probably uses the touchpad and the stylus and all that.
But oh, no, I guess they're selling a bundle set that has a Taiko with it and a Bachi.
I want to see what they don't have a picture of what it looks like.
Oh, there it is.
There's a tiny, tiny little picture of it.
I love the little taiko on the thing.
They're so cute and they look like kitty faces.
I have a taiko plushie and I wanted to put kitty ears on it just because it looks like cat faces.
So cute.
That's kind of weird, but okay.
On the Nintendo 3DS this week in Japan, this last group of dates I will read, we have a Nintendo 3DS XL in Chopper Pink and Luffy Red.
This is just in conjunction with One Piece Unlimited World R from Bandai Namco is out this week and gets those special 3DSs with that.
there's also Tongari Bushi to Mahou no Machi and Atsu Futari no My Princess Biohazard Revelations or Resident Evil of course gets a price reduction this week and most importantly on the 3DS if you screw up on all those other games don't worry Mama will fix it and Cooking Mama 5 out this week in Japan I'm glad Mama's going back to her roots after all that gardening shit and whatever what the hell else what else did Mama fix
What were all the spin-off games?
Remember, Loki?
I know there was Gardening Mama.
I thought there was one other one.
There's Crafting Mama.
Crafting Mama.
Babysitting Mama.
Remember with the creepy one?
With that creepy baby.
Yeah, they put the Wii remote inside its ass.
I remember that.
Yeah, there was Crafting Mama, Gardening Mama, Babysitting Mama, and then three or four Cooking Mamas.
Alright, there you go By the way, I'm being complimented by AkumaJP in our chatroom I have no problem understanding that, good job Yay, I pronounced at least one of those games correctly 12 years will do a lot Alright, never had a class, believe it or not Let's go around for the UK releases, DarkSakura
There were a few things, actually a few things coming out.
It's a pretty long list.
So I'm just going to start from the 19th.
We have on the 19th, NBA Live 14.
Then on the 20s, we have Contrast and Soul Calibur 2 HD online.
And then on the 21st, there is Battlefield 4, FIFA 14, Madden XL.
I'm sorry, XL.
I've got the 3DS thing on the head.
Madden NFL 25 and Shiva Kosher Edition.
Wait.
I need to check this out.
Anyway.
Then on the 22nd, Angry Birds Star Wars, Assassin's Creed 4.
These are basically all the new release stuff coming out, the system release stuff.
So there's Crimson Dragon, Dead Rising 3, Kinect Sports Rivals Preseason, Need for Speed Rivals, Need for Speed blah blah blah, Tearaway, Legend of Zelda Link Between Worlds, Watch Dogs, Young Justice Legacy, Power Star Golf and Zoo Tycoon.
All right, that's it.
Yarp.
All right.
Busy, busy week.
That segment's going to slow down in the coming weeks.
Double yarp.
Have fun with all the games that you're buying.
There's a lot to choose from.
It's a great time to be a gamer.
No matter what system it is you're backing right now or if it's several, lots of great stuff to look forward to.
And PC gamers, not leaving you guys out because there's that rumored Steam sale coming right after Thanksgiving, right?
There's like a fall sale and then there's an actual Xmas or holiday sale or whatever.
What's that?
So prepare your wallets.
Yeah, prepare your wallets.
Winter is coming.
Winter sale is coming.
All right, let's do a few more news stories and then the classic game of the week, Loki.
Okay, so Nintendo has actually purchased some stake in, I guess, this company, Duango.
And Duango owns Nico Nico, which is a video delivery service company.
and I guess maybe that they're planning on using that to I don't know either deliver games or
No idea.
But it's interesting to see that they purchased 612,000 shares.
Interesting.
It's a web service company that provides content through mobile phones.
I don't know if that means streaming videos or something, but interesting that they're getting involved with that.
Tinfoil hat?
Oops, excuse me.
Tinfoil hat time.
Could this be a clue about... And just buying stock in a company doesn't necessarily mean you're gonna... It's not buying the company.
Could this be a clue about where Nintendo wants to go with their next handheld system?
Not gonna say that they're gonna make it a phone, because I don't think that's correct, but maybe something about...
What if it could get data?
Like, let's say it's like an iPad.
It does 4G and it does like streaming video.
That's the one thing we didn't really see on the 3DS that I thought we would.
Like, I know it's got Netflix and that stuff.
Well, they have that at first.
Remember, they're going to do 3D movies on there.
Whatever happened to that?
Yeah, they kind of fizzled out, I guess.
Were they limited by the story?
I remember when they were showing the demos at the very first E3 or whatever, they had, I think they had the trailer for Tangled, was the one thing we saw in 3D, on the 3DSs.
They had Tekken, they had the whole Tekken animated movie that was in there.
And Tron was like something I was like, fuck yeah, they need to put Tron in 3D out on the 3DS, because that never happened.
I don't know, maybe not enough demand for it.
Could there be some, a hint there, if this is some type of streaming service, could there be some type of movie thing being built into the next DS?
I'm totally tinfoil hatting, but I don't, I mean, it would make sense.
I mean, the 3D movie thing sounded cool, but now that they're getting away from 3D, I don't know.
Oh, that's true, because maybe 3D isn't going to be such a big deal.
WhatUpG even agrees with you there.
I think Nintendo's next handheld will be 2D.
That comment from our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
We'll see if anything comes of my tinfoil hatting.
This will be happening for sure though.
Heroes of the Storm was another game that Blizzard announced at BlizzCon.
I'm excited about this.
I'm not super into MOBAs, but even though I'm terrible at them, I've tried to play them and they are fun.
League of Legends and Dota 2.
Heroes of the Storm Beta Sign-Ups
so if this is something you're interested in beta testing you don't have to be an active WoW player or anything like that you just have to have a Battle.net account and you can go log into your site and you can update your beta preferences for Heroes of the Storm so that's something I know I did right away but if you guys are interested in this don't forget to update your Battle.net accounts for the same thing
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, did you see this cinematic trailer they were doing for Heroes of the Storm that had some of these bad guys and good guys in it all kind of coming together?
It was pretty neat to see everybody in that one video.
But I noticed, the first thing I said is I said, where are the Lost Vikings?
Exactly.
They're still hanging out in that cave.
I looked at this trailer and I said, where are the Lost Vikings?
It's like an old school Blizzard property.
A lot of people remember, right?
Well, apparently I'm not the only one.
And it came out this week during BlizzCon.
While Dustin Browder, who's a Blizzard game designer, was being interviewed with GameSpot.
He said, quote, there's a good chance for Lost Vikings.
That's one of the characters we've been really interested in doing.
Thanks for watching!
So don't count the Lost Vikings out.
Another one not to count out is that, what's that Super Nintendo game, Blackthorn?
Whatever's the one they did on Super Nintendo?
They released that for free on Battle.net.
You just go download it totally for free and have a blast with that.
I have a feeling they could be putting him in Heroes of the Storm 2.
Why not?
sure why not diversify things a little bit more than just World of Warcraft and all that for the record I do absolutely love that the three that the Lost Vikings are in World of Warcraft you can just go hang out with them if you're Alliance and you can kill the shit out of them if you're Horde that part's pretty cool
DarkSakura.com
Zanac, and if you ever have played this game or have seen it played, you can definitely tell it's a freaking compile game.
I mean, seriously, it's fucking compile.
It is, like I said, designed by Compile and released in Japan by Pony Canyon and by FCI in the US.
It was first an MSX game, as was Gartic.
which we got Guarded Gaiden as the Guardian Legend and it came out on the Famicom Disk System and the NES and later on came out for the Virtual Console and it also came out on MSX2 as Zanac EX and PlayStation as Zanac X Zanac
So basically you play one ship called the AFX-6502 Zanac through 12 levels, and you have to destroy the system.
Ooh, taking down the system!
So you have... It was actually developed by some of the main developers at Compile.
These are the same ones who went in to do the Guardian Legend, Blazing Lasers, and Puyo Puyo.
It was basically...
And this is where I say you can tell it's a freaking Compile shooter because watching it looks like playing through those shooting levels of Guardian Legend, I mean, down to graphical style and everything.
The music is definitely Compile stuff.
And just watching it through, it's a very fast and kind of difficult game.
It's really not super easy.
And, you know, you've got your weapons boosts.
You either game over when you lose your lives or you beat the game.
You do get extra lives as you go.
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And that's the thing about Compile.
You notice they did have the little ground things that you shoot there?
Those exact things were in Guardian Legend that had your power-up.
And even the way those bullets look.
Those are bullets.
Straight out of Guardian Legend, too.
Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt.
It's good that you did, because Compile, I mean, basically until, you know...
For all of their NES shooters, Compile really did, or I shouldn't just say NES, I should just say their 8-bit shooters, really did stick with a certain style.
Even Blazing Lasers, to an extent, has that overwhelming Compile look to it.
And I hate to say it, if you play one Compile shooter, you've played most of them.
You know, except Guardian Legend actually happened to have really cool adventure sequences and so much to do.
Now, um, there was that compilation, like I mentioned, for PlayStation that was Zanac, uh, ex-Zanac, and, um, as far as that's concerned, it also had an updated version of Zanac called Zanac Neo, and the different, uh, NES versions, so I'd definitely say if someone can find that, they should go ahead and do it, because...
All in all, even if you get over its striking similarities to the other games, then it's still, you know, it's still a very good shooter to play.
And I'd definitely say it's worth adding to any library.
So, that's it.
Xanak.
There it is.
If anyone's wondering if I've done this before, I think you might be getting confused with Zexy's.
Yes, you did do sexies, I remember that, but you've never done Xanic.
No, we were, wow, somebody has already updated, I was on the wiki because somebody in chat was suggesting that you do Shenmue, and I was like, yeah, I know, Actdeft was like, I think she's done it, and I'm like, really, when?
And sure enough, you did do that in episode 326, something like that was long, 356, a long time ago.
500-something episodes ago.
Yes.
This list is getting very long.
But as I'm on the list, already updated to say Zanac there, episode 527.
Well done, wiki editors.
And honestly, and I have to say through the people who update the wiki, I seriously do rely on you.
Because, I mean, if you guys are having trouble remembering what I've picked, imagine the trouble I'm having when... No, no, no, no.
I have to describe this.
I've got...
A wall of shelves behind me at my house that's loaded with video games.
And I have to look at this shit going, what have I not done?
So I just started picking games by freaking year and I picked 1986 this time.
So it worked.
Fun OLR trivia, the very first Classic Game of the Week, episode 250.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I was saving it, but you were very much like, you know what?
To hell with it.
Episode 256.
I kind of go through this thing where I don't want to do things that are too expected or too much of the, everybody loves this fucking game, ooh.
Sure.
You know, I want to do something that maybe people haven't heard of or good games that people just may have overlooked.
But sometimes you have to do Final Fantasy VI twice.
No, sometimes... Which didn't happen.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, like I said, it's hard to remember.
It's fine.
You know, I'm probably going to have to do Kickle Cubicle just because Dan was playing it the other day.
I still have a list like a mile long of Commodore 64 games whenever you're ready.
You need to show me some of these games.
I'm going to do Oregon Trail next week, guys.
That would be awesome.
Why don't you do Oregon Trail?
That game was awesome.
All right.
I might.
If you have some suggestions for DarkSakura.
Oregon Trail is stuck in my head because I just got finished reading Problem Sleuth and there's a whole tribute to Oregon Trail in there.
Nice.
Yeah.
You can hit DarkSakura up on Tumblr.
I usually would give you out your Twitter, but you don't really check Twitter, do you?
You know what?
I make sure to check Twitter at least once a week.
So my Twitter is DarkSakura.
There you go.
My Tumblr is Kuro Tsubasa.
K-U-R-O-U-T-S-U-B-A-S-A.
Blackwing.
Because I'm so dark.
Or, shoot, send something.
Harass me on the mailbag.
I'll complain about it and then critique your grammar and then I'll probably do it.
All right.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
We're going to take a break, though.
I think I've done Twinby.
Speaking of the mailbag, we're going to take a quick break, then we're going to come back, and we're going to do the mailbag, and the FUs of the week, and your live phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype, Orange Ones Radio, Rapid Fire News, PS4 sales, politics and games, and pornography in Part B tonight.
Yes, a legit porn story coming up in Part B tonight.
So you definitely don't want to go anywhere.
We will be right back after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio live on this Sunday evening, November the 17th, 2013, with the 527th episode of our show already in progress.
And some good classic songs from some old games there during our break, which sadly we can't play during the podcast, but we do play live.
We had the epilogue from Final Fantasy IV, which I always loved that ending, one of my favorites, right?
And then Mega Man 7's introduction, which, you know, I think there's mixed opinions on Mega Man 7, but I thought it was pretty cool.
During the break, a lot of folks in our chat room, I noticed over at live.vognetwork.com talking about weight loss and a lot of successes, which is interesting because Thanksgiving is not usually the time of year you hear about weight loss, but a lot of people have been successful with their various things, including DarkSakura.
You've been, I know, doing very well.
Yeah, I'm actually, and I know it's going to sound fad-like and everything, but I've done similar stuff before, and I honestly feel better doing it.
I'm doing this whole ketogenic eating thing where it's really low-carb, but you also have a percentage of how much fat you eat and how much protein you eat, and that's a lot of protein.
But I also go to the gym at least once a week and I do bodyweight exercises in my house if I don't go to the gym.
So it's working out with weights three times a week and walking on the opposite days.
I really couldn't do low carb because I just love bread.
Is there a diet where I could eat nothing but bread?
Well, I did find a recipe to make bread out of coconut flour.
Oh, I like coconut.
And Tiara sent me a recipe to do red velvet cupcakes, which I'm going to be trying.
Yum.
I have actually found a lot of people speak very highly of almond flour bread and coconut flour bread.
Interesting.
So, and I haven't missed it, honestly.
I need to get motivated.
I need to get Wii Fit U.
Well, to be honest, it was just sort of like... You remember when I moved out here, how much I put on?
Like, I'm going to say it on air, I was a size 20.
I don't mind saying it.
And I dropped down to a 12.
And then I put back on some.
So, it's like...
I could just continue to eat all the stuff that makes me feel like shit because I've got digestion problems eating too much sugar actually makes me have harder time concentrating and since cutting all of it out I'm actually feeling infinitely better than I ever did and plus I have more energy for stuff I want to do I'm planning on playing DDR again
Gene in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, Wow, we are all so healthy.
Not me.
No, not me.
Actdeft says, We fit you up.
I need to figure out something to get into, but we'll see.
All right, moving on.
Let's get into some rapid-fire news.
Back to games.
This is another reason why I'm not losing any weight, because I'm too busy playing video games.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
What I've started doing now, I have set times now for me to play my games.
I play Animal Crossing in the morning so that I can go to the island and get a tan because fuck.
But I play while walking around the house and feeding the cat and putting up dishes and doing chores in the house.
I'll do parts of it.
And then the hour while my character's on the island is when I go do yoga.
so it actually using my I'm using my games to help me set my exercise times okay so I know that when an hour is up I hopefully I do about maybe 30 minutes of yoga and then I do just you know wandering around the house and some housework because housework counts as exercise fuck it and by the time I'm done with that I know it's time to come back from the island and hit Ed with a bug net because fuck him
Yeah, I guess maybe there's a way I could get on the treadmill and have a 3DS or something, an iPad or something.
I used to play Pokemon on the recumbent bike.
Nice.
Maybe I could figure something like that out.
Oh, well, for now, let's get back into video games because that's what the show's about.
So, Loki, some rapid-fire news for us.
Yes, Infamous Second Son, which was supposed to be coming out first quarter, they finally announced that it will be launching March 21st in North America.
and they had a wonderful trailer that was during their whole launch special that they did definitely one of the only games I'm kind of looking forward to on that another interesting one Towerfall Ascension you may remember Towerfall from being one of the more popular Ouya games now it's coming to PC and it's going to be coming to PlayStation 4 as well that's gotta suck for Ouya a little bit
um also brand new levels and they've got 50 new levels coming they said and 50 new versus levels four more playable characters and 12 player cooperative quest mode six additional power-ups and more
And last but not least, Rayman Legends is supposed to be coming to next-gen consoles in February.
That's so funny.
It was like when the Wii U was supposed to be coming out on the Wii U in February and it never did.
Are you throwing shade that that might not actually happen?
I don't know if it's going to be February.
Yeah, it's going to be coming out on next-gen consoles.
I don't know how they're going to make that, if it's going to look as good because I would think on a next-gen console they're going to have to
Yeah, maybe they don't do anything with the graphics.
They might just up-res some things and do some new textures and things to make it look a little sharper.
Frame rate would be really good.
All I can think of in my head is that Extifer will have yet another reason to do a stream of Rayman Legends over on his little Twitch channel that he does.
I think he played the thing start to finish on Twitch.
Wow, that's interesting.
All right.
Moving on.
Some stuff that I hear.
I hear click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click from Loki as soon as he's done with his story.
Cookie, cookie, cookie, cookie, cookie.
I'm going to be done with this game today.
Your addiction is affecting your life in the following ways.
I may have cheated a little bit.
Look at your life, look at your choices.
That's a teensy bit.
All right, you have cheated.
Well, maybe the next thing that Loki can get addicted to is Hatsune Miku Project Diva.
Woo!
Ah, hey, now this game's really cute.
And if you missed it on the PlayStation 3 for whatever reason, A, buy it on sale or something, but B, it will be coming out on the Vita in early 2014.
Very cool.
So yeah, Hatsune Miku coming out in the North America and Europe.
in early 2014 on the Vita.
So that was announced this week.
Very exciting.
When we were getting into it a couple weeks ago on our last episode about the whole fact that Swapnote was disabled on the 3DS, somebody had brought up, well, WeKaraokeU has some F-words and things in it, so why is it that you can't send pictures of
DONGs on Swapnote, but yet you can have fucking shit and all these words in songs on WeKaraokeU.
Well, apparently this week it was announced that warnings will be added to the game's eShop page when you get an access token for WeKaraokeU and in the app itself that will warn people.
We Karaoke U by JoySound is intended to provide users with access to a large catalog of songs from a broad range of music labels across a variety of musical genres designed to appeal to all musical tastes.
As such, Nintendo does not restrict which songs are included in the catalog of songs featured within the We Karaoke U by JoySound application.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
The songs aren't rated by Peggy.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So...
Interesting little retcon they had to do, for lack of a better word, on some of their other games that have adult themes.
I find this fascinating, and I've got to check this out this week.
I heard about this before, and I'm sure you all did too.
There was a Chinese hack a couple years ago of Final Fantasy VII.
They shoved it into an NES cartridge.
I don't know which Final Fantasy game they had hacked or if they programmed a new game or something, but somebody took Final Fantasy VII and put it in an NES cartridge
Well, that was a couple years ago that that happened.
But this week, it was actually a translation patch that happened by Modder Luigia.
I'm tempted to say Luigia, but it's Luigia 2009.
Actually, it was a whole team.
It wasn't just one guy.
But this Modder led this team to actually translate the game.
But at the same time, they actually fixed some things.
They redrew some of the graphics, improved the music, did an actual ending, bug fixes, improvements,
This is kind of crazy.
Now it's like a legit game that you can play through and check out if you want to check it out in English because I guess it was super broken in its original form, but now it's able to play.
So really curious to see what that looks like.
Yeah.
Their next project that they're working on, a unlicensed NES port of Pokemon Yellow that came out from the same company on the NES.
They're going to redo that one in English and fix some of those issues next.
That's pretty awesome.
DarkSakura
and there's going to be a PlayStation exclusive mission called Deja Vu.
There's a trailer for it that's been out and this is supposed to come out in the spring of 2014 for the various systems of Microsoft and Sony persuasions.
In other news...
There is going to be... It looks like a new third-person game that's coming out by Monolith called Middle-Earth Shadow of Mordor that is going to be based in the Lord of the Rings universe, and you play as a ranger named Talion.
So...
he's resurrected as a vengeful spirit and he gets to be a wraith like person and then last but not least in the thing that refuses to load on my iPad there is a new character that has been confirmed for the next Smash Brothers and that's Marth not really a new character but you know Marth fans will be happy that he's back as long as we get Roy too
I think some of the partner characters are the ones in danger like you know it's it's no it's no surprise that you know Star Fox will be a character that's in the game but will Captain Falcon come back or not Captain Falcon god damn it the other dude Captain Falcon should be there Captain Falcon from F-Zero will absolutely be there what uh this bird Falco Falco yeah he will he may not be back
Good Good Falco's a bitch Yeah, he's totally a bitch Not even a good kind of bitch Hey Rob Show me your moves
every week over at Facebook and Google+.
You take those words and slam them together, you get Fugle.
We ask a question of our listeners, and we read some of the answers here for y'all here on the show.
This week's question, as asked of our communities, since the PlayStation 4 came out, we've noticed an increase of social media posts coming from the device.
This can include tweets or Facebook posts when someone starts playing the game.
Have y'all noticed this?
Because I sure did.
Lots more Facebook posts coming from the PlayStation 4.
I ignore Facebook.
You blocked it?
Kind of.
Well, I haven't blocked it, but I haven't really paid attention.
Oh, I noticed a big increase in the amount of posts.
I see posts now when people start playing a game.
So I was very surprised at the increased amount of, you know, I don't want to say spam, but automated posts coming from the PlayStation.
Anyway, so that led into our question this week.
For the PlayStation 4 owners, do you use social media posting features on your new device?
Why or why not?
And for the non-PlayStation 4 owners, do you like seeing the social media posts made from the PlayStation 4?
So let's get to some of the answers.
There's so many tonight, I'm not going to be able to read them all.
We'll start with a couple from Google+.
Colin M replied and said, I only like to see posts when a person starts a game for the first time.
That way I know what games they're playing and maybe join in or talk to them about it.
I do not need to see every time an achievement or trophy unlocks.
I would agree, especially if you're meaning that to say like the first and old, like not the subsequent times they start the game, the very first time, just kind of know that they have it and you can ask them questions about it, but I don't need to see like
So and so is playing Resogun for the 7,000th time today.
It's like, I don't need to see that.
Redertainment says, As a non-PlayStation 4 owner, posts of people having fun with their PS4 serve as a taunt to me.
A taunt of things that they have that I don't.
I'm experiencing this more and more as I pursue Project Buy a House.
When, but not if, but when I buy my house and I begin to fill social media with pictures of my house, those pictures will taunt people with what I have, and they don't.
That's true.
That's the whole point of doing it, though, is to say, oh, so-and-so has this.
I want that.
Is that why people post pictures of their kids, too?
My kid's the cutest.
Happy face.
Well, I personally think that for some people, having children is an unspoken competition, but don't get me started on that.
For some people I've met, buying a house is an unspoken competition.
So, I'm just saying.
In the past, a good friend of mine just bought a house.
I'm not shading that.
I'm talking about in the past, many years ago.
And Alan knows exactly what I'm talking about and he's over there saying it too.
Alright, anyway.
Let's see, Actdeft says, I only try to use any social media sharing when it's something like truly special or great, like getting a really hard achievement or trophy or telling people that I'll stream a game since now that's possible with the new consoles.
Let's go over to Facebook and get some of the answers over on Facebook and see what people said there.
how about Burr who said so far as a PS4 owner I've only posted one gameplay clip to Facebook mostly just to see if it worked nobody responded though so I'll probably save it for funny bugs or things that are actually interesting people probably don't want to hear about every little thing I do so I shut off the automatic posting the real fun so far has been the Twitch streaming it's actually an incentive to keep playing since you're entertaining others as much as yourself let's see Scott W said I've just started trying it out with screenshots I like it
Um, Codeman says, I don't have a PlayStation 4 yet, but I don't mind posts if they are from consoles.
What frustrates me is when people invite me to Facebook games and Candy Crush.
But I enjoy seeing what my friends are playing and it's a chance to get an unbiased opinion rather than the media companies telling me what to play.
Ooh, I like that answer.
TigerClaw says while having those features on the PS4 is good when you want to post something the only downside is your Twitter or Facebook post would be spammed with so and so playing this game or unlock a trophy if they give the player the ability to control what is posted on Twitter and Facebook then some people won't be bombarded with PS4 spam I kind of agree like I don't like the whole idea of all or nothing like let me again I don't have a PS4 so I don't know how it works but I know on the PS3 you don't get to pick either you turn it on or you turn it off
and you can turn on like certain types of posts but I can't like tell it only post these trophies or what have you that would kind of be a little better I would think or they could have the trophy pop up and say hey do you want to post this to your wall
Gene W replied and said, I currently do not have a PlayStation 4.
However, I'm against these messages because I dislike them already on Facebook and don't really have a desire to have a friends list.
Flaming Toilet, God, I love that name, responds and says, I may be a grumpy old man, but I think we've gone way overboard with social media integration everywhere, not just gaming.
The world doesn't need to know my business.
I certainly don't want to annoy people with it any more than I have to.
And I don't really care what trophies other people get or whatever.
And yes, there's every bit of irony in using social media to bitch about social media's ever-growing presence in our lives.
So that's a good way to end it.
I only read like half the answers.
So please do check out Facebook and Google Plus for more answers.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio or Google.com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio.
That's right.
We finally have a short URL.
Google.com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio.
And then there's a whole, like, you know, Google+, shoved down throat, YouTube comments thing all tweaked and stuff and how people love that.
Yeah, I'm not sure how I feel about all that.
Like, I'm trying to embrace it.
I'm trying to do the whole hug it for 15 minutes and see if I like it.
I will tell you this.
More like hug it for 15 minutes and see if you get a skin disease.
I'm trying to...
trying to embrace it with the whole fact that I'm getting into YouTube more, which is unrelated.
But I'm like, all right, well, maybe this is an incentive to use Google Plus to do more like gaming style posts that tie into the YouTubes I do.
So I'm like, I'm trying to like it that way, but obviously it's a very unpopular change.
But I don't know, Google used to be the company that could do no wrong And lately, between, you know, what was that?
Before they had Google+, they had, what was that social network?
Buzz, oh God, that network was, yeah, that was just bad And then, you know, they've done some weird things lately I still love them, but I question some of their choices
All right, let's get back into some long gaming news.
Loki.
Buzz.
I forgot about that.
Oh, yes.
Anyways, let's talk about PlayStation 4 again.
Why not?
Sold 1 million units the first day.
So that's got to be pretty good.
And kind of along the lines of their prediction, which is, or I should say projection, 3 million units sold by the end of the year is the estimate by Jack Trenton.
Look at all that wine I just wasted.
So that's pretty good.
I think availability is going to factor in quite heavily, especially with the systems coming out.
I don't think it's going to be an issue where...
I'm not really sure with the Wii U whether it was availability as a problem or demand not being that high.
Actually, I think it's demand not being that high because I remember there was a bunch of systems sitting at retail in piles and no one gave a shit.
But the PlayStation 4, if there's any sort of indicator whatsoever, the gray market is pretty profitable right now.
So there is demand for the system.
It's just going to be availability is going to be kind of slim until, I don't know, a few months from now.
And it actually may even be a few months more because with the launch in other territories, they're going to have to ramp up production more or there's just going to be less systems to go around.
We're not expecting those types of shortages though that we saw with the Wii and the 360 and all that, right?
I don't think it's going to be as bad as the Wii.
What I've been hearing is a few weeks out or probably a month from launch, we're going to see some more shipments coming in.
Although, this is completely one other side of the spectrum.
If you're a consumer trying to pre-order one of those things...
Keep an eye on that and Amazon and
Yeah, but you know what?
GameStop loves to use scare tactics to get people to pre-order.
So fuck that.
I don't believe anything they say as far as... Amazon had... I think Amazon had bundles available.
Game system bundles.
It's probably people like me that canceled their pre-orders, honestly.
They probably had a few of those to go.
So somebody bought my PlayStation 4, which is fine.
But yeah, that's probably what that was, to be honest.
All right.
How do you think the Xbox One will sell?
I mean, I don't want to get too fanboy wars-ish, but what do you think?
I think it'll sell alright.
I'm worried that they're going to have a bigger problem with availability.
Because as of right now, they're really shrinking down who's getting the system.
And you're not going to see it at all independent retailers.
You're going to see it at the big stores, and that's it.
So if they're having an issue with production on that stuff...
Then, yeah, they could be a problem.
But, I think they've got a pretty decent lineup at launch.
And I think they'll do about as well as the PlayStation, or the Xbox One, or the PlayStation 4.
And the Xbox One will do about the same.
Really, it comes down to exclusives.
And, let's be honest, going forward, you know, in the least immediate future, a lot of the games that are coming out next gen are on both systems.
So, it's, there's not a whole lot differentiating one from the other as far as games go.
I mean...
So, I don't know.
Titanfall, I guess.
I mean, there's that.
But that's on 360 even in PC.
So, I don't know.
Pocket Station Vita
Thanks for watching!
On December 3rd, non-PlayStation Plus Japanese owners will be able to get it.
There's also a PlayStation title that's going to be added to that.
Dokodemo Isho comes out.
No word about when this is being released in the U.S., but you've got to think that, hey, if it happened over there, it will probably happen here too at some point.
That's pretty cool.
That'll be a fun little perk for PlayStation Plus users over here, especially if those free games are still involved.
The other thing I was going to mention, and we kind of forgot to mention,
PS Vita TV came out over in Japan.
Oh, yeah!
People are kind of digging it.
Another thing that I heard that kind of sucked about it is it's region locked.
Oh, come on!
The Vita doesn't normally do that, so it's a little strange that it's like that.
They're trying to stop us from...
I'm not sure.
I don't know if it's region locked.
I had to read up.
I didn't really look into it too much.
But I mean, I gotta be honest when that thing comes over here.
I kind of want one just because, you know, it's a good way, especially with all these free games I'm getting from the, you know, PlayStation Plus.
Yeah.
I could play these PSP and Vita and PlayStation games and stuff on there.
And I don't know.
I think that'd be pretty awesome with DualShock controller and stuff.
You know, Gene has a good question in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com saying, I wonder if the Vita sales went up with the PlayStation 4 release.
You know, we're not hearing a lot about that, but I'm hearing about the second screen.
People are really loving that.
Those that do have a Vita.
I do have to tell you that Dan was telling me that Vitas actually went on sale at RadioShack for $120.
That did happen the week we were gone.
Yeah, I remember reading about that.
Yeah.
Loki, have you heard anything about the sales for Vita?
I mean, I can't imagine there's a lot of people that can afford to buy both at once.
I haven't really been seeing... We haven't been seeing a lot of Vita sales, if anything.
I mean, it'd be interesting to see if it does go up at retail.
I mean, I'm thinking, if anything, there's people just clearing out inventory because they probably were sitting on a bunch of them.
I'm sure with Black Friday, you're going to see some special deals on that stuff.
There was supposed to be one that was with Tearaway, but that got retailer-exclusived, so...
Well, it will also still be interesting to see what happens with the PlayStation Vita in Japan versus here because I realize that Christmas isn't quite the same in Japan as it is here but it's still, you know, a deal.
and there's going to be the PlayStation Vita, the new colors and the new redesign of it already happened.
So that's kind of what Sony's pushing in Japan right now.
So I'm really curious to see how that kind of affects things because you could look at potentially there being more Vitas per person in Japan than there are here.
It would be very interesting to see how that affects the development of the games.
So...
Go to retirementlive.vognetwork.com Brad, our buddy from PodCulture, who has renamed himself PS4Culture tonight, says his co-host Glenn bought a Vita just for the PlayStation 4 tie-in stuff.
Wow.
That's a heck of a purchase, but hey, if you can do it, why not?
Alright, more news.
DarkSakura taking a different turn here.
Well, game politics has alerted us to something.
Remember how we kept talking about the 38 Studios and their sort of downturn with the local economy in Rhode Island?
Yes, that was the one that was owned by, what was the name, Curt Schilling, the baseball player, right?
You are correct.
They did the Kingdom of Amalur.
Exactly.
Which is free on PlayStation Plus now.
Well, now their state senator, Dawson Hodgson, who is Republican, so whatever...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
is a pretty big deal, especially for such a tiny state.
I mean, I don't know too much more about Rhode Island.
I've known people from there.
Well, the state loaned them money.
Exactly.
Which is probably the reason for this.
Which comes right out of tax funds, things to pay for state improvement, whatever.
help, benefits, that type of thing so I can see them wanting to investigate this and one thing that he said I know that I'm not alone in the belief that the response of our government has been wholly insufficient to the task of delivering answers, accountability and leadership in the wake of this massive destruction of public resources swift enactment of the bill and diligent prosecution of its mandate would vindicate these needs
and I get where they're coming from at the same time I wonder if it's just something that it's time to let go let go, move forward, find other ways of raising the funds because you can't
Yeah, I mean, I understand the reason why they might want to do the investigation, but at the same time, it's like one of those, well, it's not going to get the money back.
You know, what ultimate good is it really going to do?
I mean, I guess they can, you know, make sure this never happens again.
But I kind of think a lesson has certainly already been learned somewhere.
But maybe it's about holding certain people accountable.
I don't know.
I do think accountability is something to look into, but at the same time, I'm wondering if perhaps the state might have been a little short-sighted in funding a company in the middle of a recession.
Were they starry-eyed at the fact it was a sports star?
Probably.
Probably.
Probably.
Did you hear that they found a full finished game on their servers that they're going to now auction off in December?
Really?
No.
Good.
There was another game that was literally done.
It was for Mac, actually.
It was a PC game.
Weird.
Some sort of tactics game.
And then it got...
Well, they should do it.
Yeah, why not?
I thought that was kind of funny.
Rhode Island paid for it.
Why didn't you sell it?
You could have made some money back.
Yeah, a little bit.
The sad thing is it probably won't sell for very much money because nobody knows about it.
It's got not a lot behind it.
So probably go at bargain basement prices and somebody will flip it and do pretty well with it.
We'll see.
All right.
Let's move on.
Loki.
Alright, so let's talk about Zune and the fact that, yeah, I think we already knew it was kind of shutting down, but it's going away as soon as the Xbox One launch.
And yeah, they're not going to support rental purchasing or browsing of content.
And it's going to be, I guess, now everything's being taken care of through Xbox Music.
So, you know, I guess if you're a previous Zune user and you log into the Xbox Music service, it will show your library as a virtual collector or something.
And I guess any previous purchase video content will transfer over.
So that's good.
It's too bad.
They really tried to... They tried to make Zune happen.
They really tried.
They sort of tried to compete with the iPods.
It just didn't quite happen.
We had a nice listing in the Zunecast store for a while.
Thanks to the new listeners we got through Zunecast.
Sorry to hear about what happened to your Zune, but it is what it is.
All right.
Well, in somewhat brighter news, I guess, on the Microsoft front, one of the games that people are very excited about on Xbox One, Killer Instinct.
And almost more so because of Killer Instinct's classic.
It's not just the fact that there's the new Killer Instinct, but that you can play the classic Killer Instinct as well.
The Ultra Edition is coming out of the classic Killer Instinct.
It will have two versions of the arcade version of Killer Instinct.
Obviously, it's not the Super Nintendo version.
I mean, right?
So, Killer Instinct will get the arcade versions.
Killer Instinct Classic will have the original arcade version, version 1.4, and the upgraded ROM revision 1.5D, which has glitch fixes, infinite combos that were discovered after the game's initial releases were fixed, also some emulating scanline options.
A training mode is there now, though, and sprite galleries will be available.
That's pretty cool.
The Killer Instinct Classic, it is only available in Killer Instinct's Ultra Edition and the Boxed Pin Ultimate Edition.
You will not be able to buy it separately.
So if you want this, you have to buy the free-to-play Killer Instinct game.
That's the only way to do it.
I know people that are going to be buying it just so they can have the classic version.
Because, you know what?
Killer Instinct, especially the classic version, was awesome.
And it'll have more characters than the new one.
That's the sad part.
They announced Fulgore for what it's worth.
The classic one is way better than the new one.
You know what's way better each and every week is our mailbag because we get to hear from you guys at our email address mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com
DarkSakura is going to dive into the mailbag headfirst and find some emails that she deems worthy of reading on the show.
And I imagine after a week off we have quite the backlog, no?
A few.
There is a really long one that I'm just going to only read the first paragraph because this is really fucking long.
Um, and I'm not gonna read the Uber Novel, sorry.
So, um, it's from Rostel UT.
Hi.
Um, well, in a few hours I'll be waiting in a midnight line for the PS4 at my local GameStop, so I thought I would shoot you guys an email before that.
Anyway, when talking about the news that defined the generation, I am surprised that Brown vs. Entertainment Merchants Association wasn't brought up.
With all the talk of blaming video games for society's ills, it's hard to argue with the 7-2 decision when the time comes...
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Whoever eventually replaces the older members of the court will almost certainly be more aware of gaming as a medium, and California's already beaten economy was done no favors by the massive reimbursement they had to give the EMA.
No doubt we'll continue to see scumbag politicians try to pass feel-good legislations restricting game content, but we're probably not going to see yet another case go to the Supreme Court anytime soon, as they tend not to listen to the same issues that often.
This case has given us a huge buffer, and while we can't take anything for granted, it's hard to see where we'll see much more than summary dismissals of the sort of poorly written headline-chasing tripe legislation that had defined the previous decade.
I'll go so far as to say this will define the next generation as well.
um that is a good pick of something that kind of fell off of our radars I'm not gonna deny that that is a very good selection I think one reason that it may be we don't think of it right away compared to some of the other things we talked about last week is because we did kind of dodge a bullet
and I think in a lot of our minds yeah this is the way it should be duh you know like oh the whole fact that the Supreme Court decided to say that you know this is a bad idea duh we all knew it was a bad idea so no harm no foul right I think that I mean I'm not belittling the response because I think yeah absolutely this is a decision by the Supreme Court that impacts
Gaming, period.
But I think that's why a lot of us kind of neglect to remember it because it's kind of like, well, they ended up on our side like they should have been, so la-di-da.
Didn't really change anything at the end of the day.
Hooray.
Anyway.
And I always have to give it to Rossdale UT for definitely bringing up points that are definitely apt when it comes to comparing what you see in the current generation of gaming, especially with bringing up how we are on that line from changing sort of how we're thinking about
Thank you for watching!
I seem to remember in that whole Supreme Court decision thing, I think the Justice knew what Mortal Kombat was because he or she, I don't remember which Justice it was, had interns or people in the office that knew the game and played it a lot.
So I just remember that that was... I don't have the story in front of me, so I don't remember the details.
I remember that was something out of it that I found fascinating.
It's like, hey, the Supreme Court knows Mortal Kombat.
It's not just...
Dan's old boss named his daughter Melina because his wife wouldn't let him name her Katana.
This is corporate boss.
I like the name Melina a lot, actually.
Not even just because of Mortal Kombat, but... Yeah, I actually met the guy.
He's pretty cool.
But still, I mean, you know, Robin Williams named his daughter Zelda.
True.
Yeah, so... Moving on, and sorry, Russell, you too.
The rest of the email was just way too long, but I did glance over it.
This comes from Nark.
Well, I'm... Which was a great 90s arcade game, by the way.
But this is with a Q and not with a C. Oh, you're like Joystick.
Yeah.
The AOL block.
Well, I'm weighing in a little late on the matter, but I believe there is an overarching theme that connects the defining game with the defining news for the past generation.
That is online everything.
Someone mentioned crowdfunding and an ME3 multiplayer.
It hasn't been that long since WoW launched.
Now there are so many MMOs that once had spins.
Although Ragnarok Online was the best of them.
And now you have MMOs being funded, produced by the community.
Star Citizen doesn't even exist and the players are already pumped for over $25 million already pumped over $25 million into it.
And that's not the news story of the generation.
And if that's not the news story of the generation I don't know what would be more poignant.
So online everything, but if I had to narrow it down, I'd say the world of Warcraft is the defining game of our generation, like the game or not.
And even the Star Citizen crowdfunding story is this generation's defining news event.
Great topic, game on.
Narc.
I'm thinking of Pinky from Pinky and the Brain.
Instead of Narf.
Narf.
Here's the one reason I respectfully disagree with your choice of World of Warcraft is because the game came out in 2004.
Was it 2003?
2004?
I think it was 2004 during the last generation because this generation didn't really start until 05-06 depending on if PS3 or 360 kicked it off.
So that's my one slight...
Dispute with that, but honestly, I'm not invalidating any of your points because the rest of it's all very good.
And with the Kickstarter and all that, absolutely.
Gene says he's naming his first child Baraka.
Which is better, Baraka or Blanca?
Food for thought.
If you want your kid going around being named White.
I don't know.
No, with a K. Wasn't that... Yeah, but still.
Anyway.
Hello, peoples.
I'd like to extend my gratitude for Loki for the VOG Grand Theft Auto Online community event that was held tonight, Friday night.
DS fucking L. Okay, oh, never mind.
I see what he's saying.
DS fucking L. My failed attempts to play Grand Theft Auto online with the VOG community has only given me more incentive to achieve my long-held goal.
I will accomplish Project Buy a House, and when I do, I will get cable internet, string Cat5 throughout my house, and finally achieve the true broadband gaming dream I have only dreamed of.
I will do this.
I will.
Stay Black Red Entertainment.
Trainer.
You know what?
You also want to look into your router if you're going to do the ultimate Wi-Fi or internet experience.
Don't use whatever your provider gives you.
It's also partially, I think, Rockstar's fault because I had trouble connecting it some of the times I was getting disconnected from stuff.
I blame everything on Rockstar's because they make me too jittery.
Anyway, this one, here is an update for OLR.
It's been six months since my wife Tracy passed away from a stroke at 47.
When I called in, I was being... Oh, I remember this one.
Yes.
When I called in, I was being evicted from the house I was renting and had to move in with a friend.
The sad part is that really happened and I thought I was going to have to get a second job just to survive.
I was getting depressed but was surviving.
I still listen to the podcast regularly for a smile.
I got more from the retirement system she was in than I figured.
Being a responsible adult bites, I could have flown to Vegas and partied.
I paid off my SUV five years early and now I have no car payment.
I paid off the bills left over from the last place.
I bought myself a new 55-inch 3D TV.
I will be getting an Xbox One when I find one and a new laptop for gaming.
Thank you for all your prayers.
It looks like I will be okay.
I would call in, but I am East Coast and work Monday.
I'm happy to hear that follow-up.
Those of you that were here six months ago, I'm sure remember.
I think in the 12 years that we've been doing OLR, it was the hardest phone call we've ever taken on the show.
I'm just going to guess on a nickname that's a name in lights.
Yes, I believe that's right.
He's a really good guy.
We chat on Facebook all the damn time.
Yeah, he used to do WoW with us, too.
That whole thing, though, was really a testament to the power of community.
Yeah.
Yeah, I get warm fuzzies hearing that it's going to be okay for him.
And I'm glad to hear it's going to be okay.
And I'm sure the listeners appreciate it.
Even if it's six months later, it's really nice to know.
Thank you.
Stay in touch.
One more email.
Howdy, guys and gal.
Smile.
Yes, thank you for acknowledging my womanhood.
Nice tits.
I was acknowledging your womanhood.
Yes, they are quite nice.
I have a gorgeous rack.
I get complimented on it daily.
Firstly, although we missed you last week, I hope you all had a fantastic week off.
I did sleeping, so that was great.
I went to Disneyland and BlizzCon.
It was amazing.
Okay, now that we have the touchy-feely bullshit out of the way... Oh, hey.
A couple weeks ago I was watching Under Sedation Live, which you can view and participate live every Saturday night at 10pm EST on VOGnetwork.com.
Are you on Travis Donovan's payroll?
Who is this?
Degenerate Johnny.
Are you on Travis' payroll?
Did he offer you VOG points?
Travis and Jessica were talking about cult movies of the 90s, Boondock Saints, Cutthroat Island, and Hackers.
This conversation got me to thinking of cult video games and what makes a cult game.
Is a cult game a game that people enjoy despite the low review scores like Too Human?
is a cult game, a game that did not have a stellar launch but managed to gain a huge following such as Demon's Souls is a cult game, a game that people like to play despite the low sales numbers such as Bulletstorm and Shadows of the Damned I'm interested in hearing your thoughts on this and I'm eager to find out what you consider a cult game I'm also interested in finding out what your favorite cult game is not so sincerely Degenerate Johnny aka Rob's Parody Songwriter
Thank you for not bringing that to this show
Um, as far as the question on hand, what makes a cult video game?
Dishonored Johnny, I think it's kind of all those things that you named.
I don't think there's, there's no definition.
There's no, you don't go to the dictionary and see like what makes a cult game.
I think it's a little bit of all those things.
And I think the definition is a little different for everybody.
well that and also when you have I think you should also look at the factor of well this is more like hipster game I would think when you have people outside of an age group the game is intended for playing the game like I hate to say it Pokemon Pokemon oh Pokemon's totally a cult game but see but but does that label really fit when Pokemon is like a hugely selling game but I
See, that's why I relabeled it a hipster game.
There's definitely a cult of Pokemon.
I was going to say one of the biggest cult games there is is World of Warcraft.
Yeah.
But now it's doing well.
Yeah, it's such a huge game.
I don't know.
I feel weird calling that a cult game, too.
This is how I look at it, too, is maybe when you have something's popularity emerge after it was supposed to have its heyday.
For example, look at Rocky.
Rocky Horror Picture Show
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
LeoTarded
LeoTarded?
LeoTarded.
LeoTarded.
That's what they say on Drag Race.
Totally LeoTarded.
But I hate using that word because I do know people who... Anyway, sorry.
Oh yeah, and if you want to go for, like Jean just said, shock treatment, Ultra Cult.
Oh my god, Shock Treatment.
Shock Treatment's fucking hilarious.
You have to watch Shock Treatment like seven times before it even makes sense.
But the music is really good.
I need a bit of, ooh, Shock Treatment.
You remember when we ate the hacker cookies when Evan lived with Jessica?
And these were cookies that were made with so much chocolate and no doughs that I was shaking after two of them.
I remember when I got really sick in 2008.
I was actually supposed to be in a shadow cast of Shock Treatment playing Ricky from the Rest Home.
I had to drop out because that was the year I got really sick and I had to go to the hospital, so somebody replaced me.
Well, SSJ100Mad is saying that Darkstalkers is a cult franchise.
Kind of.
Yeah, kinda.
It wasn't as overly successful as most of Capcom's other things, but see, it was always in the circles.
I lived in arcades with fighting games, so they always had people on it.
I think a cult game is that game that everybody asks for a sequel for that you're never gonna get.
Like Shenmue is a great example of a cult game.
Like Half-Life?
Half-Life, by that definition, is definitely a cult game.
Or I was gonna joke, Mega Man is now a cult game as of recent...
You know what a good example, though, of the... I think Blaster Master is a great example of a cult game.
Yes, it got some sequels, but they were worse than Shock Treatment, let's be real.
That's hard to be worse unless you're Yaris.
What if Yaris got a sequel?
The Wii remake wasn't awful, but that's not saying much.
I'll give you another example of a great cult game because I don't think people know this one very well.
Cold Sept.
I've talked about this on the game before.
It's that whole like Magic the Gathering meets Monopoly.
I love that game but there's like one on the 360 and on the PlayStation 2 and that's really it.
I think it's bigger in Japan.
We've just had a few really good points in the chat.
Ranma brings up rival schools being more than Darkstalkers which I fully agree with and I fucking love rival schools and the people who love rival schools really fucking love rival schools.
and Gene says PSO2 in the US which I was totally into PSO2 for a little while and then there's Final Fantasy and Queen Simia says any Bimani game which in America, yes, I would say.
DDR got super super popular and now it's fallen into because of the cult status the imports had over here now it's more in the mainstream but as far as I was aware in Japan poppin music is everywhere and everyone fucking plays poppin music I love this Technus says those Burger King games Sneak King was a cult game of sorts or fuck everyone I knew that played Ragnarok Online
Yeah.
Because that game was like, oh, we have 3D games.
No, fuck you.
We're playing our 2D little MMO.
SS2100 Matt says, so Chrono Trigger would be considered cult.
No, because you got Chrono Cross.
I'm just trolling.
Chrono Trigger was pretty popular.
It is a cult game of sorts.
Ragenator says Earthbound.
Kind of, yeah.
Kid Icarus for a long time I would definitely call a cult game.
In fact, in some ways it still is.
Oom Jamalami being a sequel, I would not consider that one a cult.
Pig bumpin'.
We had that.
I will agree with Skullgirls
because that game is pretty fun but it wasn't getting a whole lot of attention just but you have your dedicated fan base to it and because of that we've had the Kickstarter go in a lot more of that too so yeah Skullgirls is a pretty recent one or maybe even La Mulana you know
La Mulana is definitely a cult game if your name is Dark Tetsuya.
Cave Story.
Ooh, that's a good one, too.
Cave Story.
Anyway, this is a great topic, but we are dragging it out.
Yeah, it's time to move it on.
Yes.
This would be a good topic for a list list or something someday.
But great question.
Love it.
Yeah.
And we definitely sort of discussed a little bit of what defines a cult game.
And Travis will now be able to say, yet again, they jacked another segment for my show.
And you know what I say?
Nothing, because it's a gesture.
And just remember that saying, love you.
Just a really strong love you.
Love it.
It's a very deep kind of love.
It's a very thrusty, deep kind of love.
All right.
Speaking of thrusty, deep kind of love, thank you to all you guys that emailed us tonight and those of you that will email next week in advance.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send those emails.
Well, right along with that gesture, we'll cue a new segment.
Or not a new segment.
A new segment?
We need a new segment.
Tweet us ideas.
We'll crowdsource this.
The OLR shit list.
Tweet us your new OLR segments.
New OLR segment.
Tweet us your ideas.
And I'm not bringing you back website of the week.
But if we get a new segment, then an old segment's gotta go.
No.
We'll just live here forever.
We'll just do a four hour show?
I'm just gonna live under your table here, Rob.
And eventually Sanrio will like me.
Alright, let's get to the FUs of the week.
Fuck you to me not having a job yet.
And I'm still waiting back to hear from Cool Job as I've been referring to it in writing Cool Job with a trademark.
It's really just very difficult to find work.
And Dan and I are actually going to be going out looking at houses next week because we feel we're wasting money on rent.
and trying to, you know, it's really hard to improve your situation when you are not given the means to improve your situation.
And all those people who are bootstrap theorists, fuck you very much.
Fuck you.
Loki?
Fuck you to Cookie Clicker.
I agree.
Fuck you to Cookie Clicker.
Do you have a permanent dent in your finger now?
No, but I'm almost done.
Seriously, I'm almost done.
Cthulhu has somehow arisen.
I don't know how this has happened, but it's part of the game, I guess.
Loki's in the devil.
Ranma's turned evil.
Have to do an ancient pact to stop them from being evil.
And I'm cheating.
A lot.
Of course you're cheating.
This is Loki we're talking about.
Hey, it's to get done with the game.
It's all about the endgame, you know?
Yeah.
Alright, my FU of the week.
I guess I don't have a lot I'm mad at.
My FU of the week goes to these holiday candies.
Alan says they're grandma candy, and they totally are.
It's like the holiday mix of those hard candies that grandma always had in a glass jar at her house.
Like the Werther's Originals?
I wanna be a princess I'm thinking really hard
It's not working, DarkSakura.
I'm taking this home.
Are you confiscating it?
It looks nasty.
It's really good, though.
It's just that candy pink in it, you know?
Codeman in chat says, so I come to your house, you will offer me candy?
Absolutely.
If you're going to make the trip out here from Oklahoma or wherever you are, I will absolutely get you candy.
He only uses it to get people in his car, not his car.
In the van.
You don't have a van yet.
That's what you think.
Yeah, but...
That's the perfect alibi right there, too.
All right, that does it for the FUs of the week.
Let's get to some more stories, and then we are not that far away from the Skype line.
Excited to talk to some folks tonight.
I hope we get calls tonight.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or I usually am on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
But first, a couple stories for you.
Sadly, we missed a wonderful transition that we would have had had we gone into the story straight from the mailbag, but, you know, whatever.
so hey in case you need some more information about which system you should buy for the next generation Pornhub would let you know that hey they're fully supporting the Playstation 4 and you'll be able to view Pornhub and all of it's video content through the Playstation 4's web browser nice
So that's why I was joking.
It's, you know, it's strange, but let's see.
Dinosaur.
Hey, that's weird that that came up as a recommended.
Yes, it has dinosaur porn on there.
Yes.
So you were all set.
Dinosaurs, like the old ABC sitcom?
Dinosaurs as in like CG dinosaurs.
And someone that's dressed in green.
I don't know.
But yes, they do have dinosaur pornography.
You'll be happy to know.
All right.
Anyway, very happy to hear that.
Congratulations, PlayStation 4, for definitively winning the console wars with that.
Although, we all know if there's any way to do it, Pornhub will also show up on Xbox One.
Of course.
Well, it is Internet Explorer.
It'll have to happen.
But here's the thing.
If you really want to win the console wars, you just bring triple X rated video to the actual web stores.
I can go rent a copy of The Dark Knight Returns or The Dark Knight Bonesome Chicken the Ass 2.
That's how you win the console wars right there.
Alright, speaking of vulgarities, did you know that South Park's still on the air?
It's in its 17th season.
And you know, South Park's kind of hit and miss these days, but it's still worth watching once in a while, especially this past week.
And I actually watched this episode.
A friend of mine alerted me to the fact that the latest South Park episode was about the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One console wars.
They kind of put a Game of Thrones parody into it, too.
It also looks very much like their game.
it does look like their game which made it funny because there was a part where they totally shade the fact that their game got delayed like something about like they just someone says who wants to sit around and wait for a stupid game a game that's not even that good oh then they slam the pre-order thing that's what it was they say like
Pre-orders are just the way of them dicking you over every time.
The $5 you spend on a pre-order is just going to some guy who hasn't even finished the game yet.
That was the part.
I'm totally not doing it justice.
Sorry, I don't have it queued up right now.
Thanks for watching!
Yes, they actually split up and choose a side, and it's going to be PlayStation 4 fans versus Xbox One fans in an epic throwdown at the mall.
And they're actually recruiting other cliques for their side.
I think the Sony clique had Kyle in it, and they recruited the goth kids.
DarkTetsuya in our chatroom says they did confirm on Facebook part 2 is this coming week.
So there will be a part two.
So check that out.
Gene asks, was Wii U ignored?
Of course.
Of course it was ignored.
Just like real life.
This is next gen wars.
Well, maybe that'll be the twist in the second part is that they all come together and buy Wii U's.
I doubt it.
I highly doubt it.
I don't think so.
Alright.
That's it for stories.
So I think we can open up the Skype line now.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
If you'd like to give us a call on Skype, the Skype line is open.
And in the meantime...
We can go to some Twitter topics.
I know we had a few good ones tonight.
Also, last-minute stories.
Loki, I don't know if you had any last-minute stories you wanted to get out?
No.
No?
Well, I was going to mention that there's this teaser site now.
It's the Survivor 2299 that people are thinking might be for Fallout.
Originally, it was thought, oh, maybe it's a fan site because it wasn't registered to the usual Bethesda stuff.
However, Bethesda just recently trademarked Fallout 4.
And also, the timing kind of coincides with the Spike VGX.
Oh, lordy.
Oh, lordy.
So, expect an announcement maybe in December?
Yeah, most likely.
Let's go to the phones.
They're lighting up now.
We shouldn't have a problem with calls tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Sounds Radio.
Who's this?
This is Codeman.
Have you seen the Batman ones?
I have not seen the Batman ones.
They do it sort of the old Adam West style Batman, but it's with the actual characters from now.
I think the last one I saw was a parody of Lord of the Rings.
It literally had a bunch of midgets.
I remember when you invited me over to see Ally McFeel.
It was great.
Ron Jeremy was actually in that.
And for the record, the last one I watched was the Mork and Mindy one.
I wanted to see the one that was called This Ain't Glee.
Because now they don't even bother.
They just say, this ain't whatever.
Oh, wait, I did see another one more recent.
I saw Nalin Palin, which is hilarious.
I know you must have seen Not The Cosbys because we were so fascinated.
We were so fascinated about the guy.
The guy that played Bill Cosby in there, he never got into any of the scenes, but his impression was fantastic.
And that was the part that was more like, we don't give a shit about the porn.
His impression was just dead on.
It was hilarious.
Code Man, I don't know if you actually called to talk about porn, but clearly we could do that all night.
But what's on your mind, buddy?
It's all Porn Orange Lounge Radio tonight.
Porn Orange Lounge Radio!
Porn Orange Lounge Radio.
No, I haven't called in a while, actually.
I've been pretty busy with life, I guess you could say.
But no, I just figured I was up tonight and figured I'd call in and just talk.
PS4, because I...
I canceled my pre-order like you did, Rob.
I'm glad I'm not alone.
Would you give out your Twitter on the show so that the people that are about to send me angry tweets after tonight's episode can send them to you too?
Yeah, it's Codeman Games.
Look it up.
But I will tell you, Extifer...
I've been keeping up with his, like, he posted, I think, a Resogun on Facebook.
And I'm just like, I'm seeing all these videos and I'm like, God, I should have kept it.
That's the exact same thing I've been doing.
And it's, you know what that means?
All that social media shit that Sony infused into its console is working.
This is exactly what they want people to do.
I heard, actually, for me, it was the opposite.
I was like, ah, another video of the stupid robots.
It's like, I've already seen that.
I know what it looks like.
Well, it's just, it's, you know, you see all this stuff, and you cancel it because you know, okay, well, I kind of go with the same thing as, you know, a console is good as what, you know, games are on them.
But, like, then you see all these people playing it, and you just get this feeling of, like, God, I need this because it's new.
It's different.
in a sense and so you get to this point where you're like oh my god I just need this console but you know you have other things to do and you can't spend that much money on something but you're just like oh my god I need it but at the time I had the money and I was like okay well I have the pre-order I'm going to get it and all this stuff and I got to the point where I was just like you know what there's just no games that are selling this system for me right now about the only thing that was selling was the Resogun and then like I wanted to check out
and... What was the... What was the little... With the little guys and the... The Playroom?
No, not the Playroom.
It starts with a K. I can't even think... Knack.
Knack.
There you go.
I wanted to play Knack because I played a demo of it at Target and I thought it was kind of fun.
I've heard it's kind of repetitive, but at the same time, I don't really care.
I mean, it looked... It felt fun when I played it.
And the controller just felt so amazing when I played it.
So I was just like, oh my god, I should have got one of these.
But...
I do have to make a confession.
I did sell my Xbox 360 and some games and got like $300 something for it.
So...
That will be going towards the PS4, so I probably will be getting one.
Out with the old and in with the new.
I've got some extra systems in my office that I'm not using.
I might as well just take those in.
There you go, right?
You know, I'm not a big advocate of the Evil G, but today they had a 90% trade-in value on consoles, so I was just like, why not?
Oh dang, I wish I'd known that I might have done that Because Alan and I actually have two Because, you know, when we got together and moved in together We both had 360s and Playstation 3s So we have two Playstation 3s and two Xbox 360s And there's really no reason for us to do that So we really should sell my systems Because they're the older ones And keep Alan's But, oh well, maybe they'll do something like that again Although, yes, I'm with you I really don't like the Evil G But if they're willing to give me a lot of money I can cross picket lines
We've got extra systems lying around.
Why not?
Why not?
And also, lastly, before I go, I wanted to tell you guys about a game I've been playing that I think kind of fell under the radar a little bit because I don't think really a lot of people play this game anymore.
But maybe they do.
I don't know.
But the Ratchet & Clank, the new Ratchet & Clank game that just came out.
Yeah.
um it's like super fun it's the first like full length type I guess Ratchet and Clank that they released because they released like the all for one which is like the multiplayer which kind of wasn't that good and then they released um Full Frontal Assault which was the like it was like a tower defense Ratchet and Clank but this one that they just released into the Nexus was fantastic and I'm playing it right now and I actually with the game got a um
a code for a downloadable game for the Quest for Booty game which was like the first downloadable game that they released or whatever and I'm willing to give it to somebody in chat if they want it because I already own it
but I have a free code here so if anybody in chat likes the Ratchet and Clank games and they don't own this game it's really fun it was a full length downloadable Ratchet and Clank game it's all like pirate themed and stuff so if you anybody the first person to direct message me in chat maybe I want it I wish you told me I want it no it's fine give it to a listener
Do you want it, Rob?
DarkSakura,
We're some Japanese porn we watch.
And for the record, all Final Fuck Xs is really good cosplay with fucking.
Yeah, I remember because I was looking for Dance Dance Revolution stuff, like games on eBay, and I'm like, hey, what's this?
I gotta buy that.
Which, Dance Dance Fuck has nothing to do with the games, which was hilarious.
Anyway.
I'm just gonna have to channel my inner Shane on this one and go, I don't care.
Alright.
Well said.
Alright, take care, buddy.
All right, Rob, everybody.
Thanks for the call.
I will talk to you all later.
All right, take care.
Bye.
All right, bye.
All right, that was a good call.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
I want to do some quick Twitter topics while we wait for another call.
Tiger Claw tweets us and says, Mortal Kombat producer Hector Sanchez leaves NetherRealm Studios.
That's right.
I did see this coming out today.
It's a Kirby!
Yeah, it's the screen of my Wii U. It's actually a video of it.
Oh, it's live video.
Oh, no wonder I hear myself echoing a little bit.
Okay.
Oh, yeah, I can see the pixels.
Oh, there it goes.
All right.
It is live video.
Nice.
Love that.
I like your Kirby.
Even though I'm hearing myself echo, but that's okay.
Well, what's on your mind, buddy?
Well, basically... Sorry.
I was going to talk about... Or I'm going to talk about... Basically...
Or ask you, why do people still say that Nintendo is gonna be in ruins?
Um, I don't know, Loki, why do people say Nintendo's going to be in ruins?
Because doom and gloom, doom and gloom.
It's just because, you know, the Wii U's not selling well, and so they assume that because the Wii U's not selling well that Nintendo doesn't have anything else that they're selling that's not doing well.
Except, you know, they have this thing called the 3DS that seems to sell like crazy.
So, I don't know, I don't think they're in ruins, but as far as getting...
The platform of Wii U, that's not doing so hot.
That's about it.
And actually, I mean, right now they don't really have any EA games at all.
And there's nothing on the slate for next year.
So that's going to hurt.
Well, to paraphrase something that someone very aptly put on the tumblers, the Virtual Boy didn't tank it.
The Micro didn't tank it.
The 64DD didn't tank it.
So...
They're just not going to recapture what happened with the Wii.
I think the Wii set the bar so high.
It was such a successful console that expectations are very high.
Is the Wii U going to win this generation?
Not likely, but never say never.
I think we also have to remember in the last generation, PlayStation 3 didn't come out the gate too hot And PlayStation 3 took a while to turn around PlayStation 3 took a good two years And when did LittleBigPlanet come out?
Because that's when things really started turning around for PlayStation 3 That was almost two years into it, right?
I think it was 2007, so it was a year after it came out
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
um this time I don't think it's gonna be I think Nintendo may actually be the one that lags behind a little bit but we'll see Xbox One's out next week we gotta see where things are at six months out we'll see I I but it's not over for Nintendo 3DS will always keep them afloat and whatever else you know they've got up their sleeve there'll be a Zelda game on Wii U next year it's gonna sell systems along with Super Smash Brothers just just wait
But what about you, Actdeft?
You just bought a Wii U. So what finally made you decide to take the plunge?
Basically, first of all, Super Mario 3D World.
Seeing the videos over and over again, it looks like it's going to be a pretty fun game to play.
And I really wanted to play it as soon as it comes out.
So I pretty much wanted that.
And also, I talked this with Bobby, Rayman Legends.
Even though it's a multi-platform game, I still want it on the Wii U. And it's even on sale right now on Steam for $20.
And I'm like, I want to purchase that, but now that I have the Wii U, I really...
I want to get it for this console and so yeah basically those are my two main reasons right now to get one and even then and something that you said on the beginning of the show it's like pretty much right now Wii U has the games has at least a more sorry
More games to play right now since it has the year since it launched.
and it already has a big library so it doesn't have that many games maybe to play but at least you have more of a selection right now than the PS4 or even the Xbox One.
Even though there's not a lot of games on Wii U, there's still at least some really great A-list titles on it that help keep the system afloat which I'm not sure PlayStation 4 or Xbox One has as much of right now anyway.
So...
All right.
Well, Actdeft, thanks so much for the call and enjoy your new Wii U. Have fun.
Thanks.
All right.
You're welcome.
Take care, buddy.
Have a good night.
See ya.
See ya.
1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to give us a call.
And we will... Oh, guess what?
Nobody sent Code Man a direct message for that code, so he ended up giving it to me anyway.
Ha ha, suckers.
All right.
Let's go to the phones one more time.
Hopefully, 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
While we wait for a call to come in, Twitter.
Oh, there's a call's coming in right now, so let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's Legend of Zaku here.
Hey, Zaku buddy.
How you doing?
Long time no see.
That's right.
What's new?
Nothing much, just shuffling between Battlefield 4 and GTA 5.
That's my PJs.
Those are my PJs.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But that's all I can say about it, other than it looks pretty short than the one for Battlefield 3.
But I'm hearing a lot of great things about online, except of course when you have people crashing the servers maliciously.
Yeah, I heard about that.
What's up with that?
Did the DDoS attacks go against Battlefield 4 today or something?
Apparently, from what I'm hearing, when I'm glancing through Kotaku right now, yeah, they were basically getting hammered by Denalo Service.
Yeah, they were getting DDOS'd.
I guess now that the PS4 is out, this kind of opens the floodgates in that since most of the PS4 games will have dedicated servers, whether or not that will actually translate over to consoles.
Assuming one can just slyly sniff outgoing packets, outgoing network packets to see if they can find an IP to exploit.
I mean, that's one way to do it.
You just snip the traffic in between the private dedicated servers and the console, and you might be able to get some info, assuming it's not encrypted.
But if it is, then they're still a bit lucky.
I'm assuming you did not jump on the PlayStation 4 bandwagon, did you?
Not yet.
I still have a PS3 to go over.
As I said, I still have GTA 5 that I played yesterday, last night.
And I've been juggling Battlefield 4.
So those are the two gaming things going on right now.
So you're sitting out this new consoles for a little bit too.
You're not planning on Xbox One either?
Not yet.
As I said, I'd rather give it at least a couple of years or until the prices start dropping.
I mean, I got my Xbox two years after it came out.
That was the first 360, and then after that I had, you know, that one crapped out and then I bought another.
But yeah, it was, I waited at least two years before buying that current generation of console.
And PS3 I got last year, so, yeah.
Still juggling, but it's not really good to be an early adopter in this stage, especially for a new generation of consoles, because you're pretty much dealt with what you have already and not what improvements Sony or Microsoft will make on their hardware.
So rather than having to deal with that aftermath initially, I'd rather just see how they flesh it out.
But you can be the cool kid on the block with your cool new toy.
You're the coolest kid in school.
Sure, that is true, but I know it's $400 that I could put to good use, you know, like buying myself a new video card or basically getting two terabyte hard drives so I could set up on rate so I could put all my Steam games and get a lot more of them so I don't max out my current drive.
stuff like that like putting stuff on my PC as opposed to the PS3 which I still invest but it's not as urgent as something that's almost like reaching two years old and I still need to get a new video card for it but other than that I mean it's not like my redheaded stepchild called the 360 which I barely put anything except for an Xbox Live membership earlier this year and that's it
Of course, it's Frostbite.
and you could actually do countering knife attacks.
I don't hate shooters.
I'm so bad at them, Zaku.
I am so, so bad.
Do you want to play with a scrub?
Do you want to?
Because I will lower your team's collective performance.
Not even that.
I barely see VOG Network on GTA Online.
What's up with that?
I'll see Vinny on the PS3.
I'm on all the time.
Except I'm on two different systems.
Can't you hit me up on a social club?
Don't they have messaging systems?
Do they?
I have it through my phone now.
Because I'm not doing my best to dodge, chop.
I put messages on there.
Are you friended on PlayStation Network with me?
That's a good start.
It's there.
My profile should have my PSN ID.
I'll even post it up right now after this call.
but yeah hopefully OLR can get a VOG Network like Groupon Origin for Battlefield
3 and or 4 yeah see that requires me to install Origin it's not that bad oh my god I basically bit the bullet and did that for Battlefield 3 and nothing went wrong alright alright Zaku I gotta wrap up we're running long and this Origin debate is going to take up a whole other show alright have a good one buddy thanks for the call take care bye I love it when we get the webcam calls it's always good to be able to see our people I should probably put a webcam on the computer just for Skype
So that way when they call in they can actually see.
I can bring back the one I've been using for my drawing streams.
It's more incentive for people to call too.
Microsoft would like to let you know that you can get your free Skype camera with the purchase of an Xbox One in the form of a Kinect.
Alright, I am so sorry.
The phones are still lighting up.
I've got to wrap up because we're running long.
We're 15 minutes past midnight on the East Coast.
I still have some Twitter topics, so one of these is a really good question I want to get to.
So please, please tweet, email, and we'll get to you guys in a later week, hopefully.
I want to get this tweet from Actdeft who sent us a tweet.
This is something I totally missed from the Nintendo Direct.
I'm so sorry.
How could I forget Kirby?
How very dare I?
I'm mad at myself, y'all.
Kirby Triple Deluxe will be coming out in Japan on January 11th and there's a teaser site for that.
Kirby Triple Deluxe.
Get it?
Kirby 3D?
Get it?
Oh my gosh.
Dreamcast
The problem is they're still not over, so it's still going.
It's still going?
Yeah.
Alright.
Define when.
Do you mean by sales?
Do you mean by units specifically sold?
Do you mean by what country?
Do you mean by Gallup poll?
I don't know.
I think the question's vague on purpose.
It's his opinion.
In your opinion, who won?
My 3DS.
The 3DS won the last console.
I think that's a perfectly valid answer.
See, that's a console, not a handheld.
Ah, all right.
Sorry.
You know what I think won?
My computer.
The end.
The PCs.
The PC won.
The PCs won.
You know what?
There's a lot of people.
There would be a lot of people in that camp.
Clearly a home run with the Ouya.
I mean, the Ouya won the last gen console wars.
There's just no doubt about it that, you know, they're...
No, no.
Loki, who won?
Who won?
Probably Xbox, just because they had a lot of units out there.
They still have the strongest support, I think, from all third parties.
I mean, it's still going strong.
The Wii's gone.
I mean, the support from Wii's gone, and now it's Wii U. So they're in their own gen, I guess.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I think for me, if you're going by sales specifically, Nintendo won.
Clearly, whether you like it or not, love or hate what they brought to the table, just speaking by the numbers.
And no, that's not me being a fanboy.
But, I mean, Wii Sports is the biggest video game of all time, period.
You can't dispute that.
I vote for the Neo Geo.
But the answer that was in my head was actually something Bobby said in chat here, who said, who won?
The gamers.
Absolutely believe it.
The gamers won The Last Generation.
There's a lot of choice available out there now and more ways to connect with each other.
And our voices are really having an impact.
For better or for worse.
And so, yeah, I think the gamers won.
Absolutely.
If I had to pick a company, though, Netflix won.
Big time.
Netflix won The Last Generation.
Huge.
Because that's what a lot of these gaming boxes are.
They're Netflix devices and so forth.
Gene in chat says Apple won.
You know, that's not a stretch.
It just depends on what you look at.
Alright, great tweet, great question.
Maybe we'll get some emails on that.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com Again, sorry to the calls that didn't get through, but we do want to wrap up because we are after 9.15 on the West Coast, which means it's 15 past midnight on the East Coast.
So it is about time that we wrap up.
But before we say goodnight for good, we've got to go around and get everybody's final thought.
And I do want to also say one more time, thank you very much for downloading us.
Thank you for supporting Independent Radio.
You made it this far in the show.
I really appreciate your guys' support of the show.
It's what keeps us motivated to do this.
I know we've had some very...
DarkSakura.com
You said doo-doo.
I did.
We do perform this show for free.
All we ask is help spread the word.
Help grow our family.
Get some more awesome people into our community.
It is so appreciated.
And support independent broadcasting.
There's so many great people that do this.
If you hated our show, yet you made it all this way, there's probably some other indie shows out there that are for you.
So check them out.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, we'll start with you.
Your final thought tonight.
I'm done with Cookie Clicker.
You're done?
You're over it?
My 24-hour foray into Cookie Clicker is now complete.
You divorced it?
I'm done.
I'm over it.
You're over it.
All right.
Party's over.
Get out.
My final thought tonight is that game capture card I bought really ended up being a waste of money because I don't have a TV next to my PC, which means I need to buy a TV.
DarkSakura, your final thoughts tonight.
I got up to go grab my shoes because my feet were cold and my legs hurt from doing squats I was walking like the hunched back old woman and also tonight's cookie is fun alright that's it you guys thank you very much for listening to our show and I was also going to say all you need to do is get a really long HDMI cable and your problem solved
Problem solved?
Maybe I will do that.
That's a good idea.
I didn't even think to get a 50-foot HD cable.
Just what we need in this apartment.
I don't know about 50 feet.
I don't remember how long it is you can make an HDMI cable before you have to have some sort of signal booster.
You should be able to get at least 20 feet without having to do that.
That should be enough.
Yay, just when we need another big cable in the house.
Or wireless HDMI.
Alan will be so happy.
Alright, he's cheering you live here.
Alright, that really is going to do it.
Thank you guys again for listening.
We will be back next week to do this all again.
Next week's not Thanksgiving, right?
No, that's two weeks.
No, but I'll have to bring over sweet potato latkes that are left over.
Oh my god.
It is the latke feast.
The OLR latke feast.
We ate like a whole bag of those fucking latkes last year.
They're so good.
Maybe I'll bring jelly donuts.
No!
Alright, that's it.
We're done.
We're out.
Goodnight.
Thank you for watching.
See you next week. .
