The subheader for one of tonight's stories referring to the PS5 Pro's paid optical disc drive accessory says, The beefed up console is lacking a pretty important feature right out of the box.
Is it pretty important?
Maybe for the now minority of people that want it, who I guess is the article's target audience, physical media is increasingly a minority need.
If you want that capability, it's time to pay for it.
Is this what being a politician feels like?
This is my punditry intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Somerson, Loki, to tell you more about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again tonight with episode number 1017 of our show for tonight, September the 15th of 2024.
My name is Rob Roberts and not joining us at the moment but will be here shortly as on the way is DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
They are running just a little bit behind us.
OLR will not be here next week because TwitchCon's going on and both you and DarkSakura are going and she's been before and has talked at length about it on the show but this is going to actually be it this is your very first like TwitchCon coming up this weekend like ever right?
Yes, ever, yeah.
It'll be interesting.
Yeah?
What are you kind of, like, looking for?
You were talking about you kind of set up an aggressive schedule this week, right?
What are you looking forward to?
Well, I've been trying to, like, plan out my... Because I'm going for all three days and the day before.
So, right now, I mean, I have a pretty loaded schedule in terms of, like, a lot of stuff surrounding MCC and Nox Crew, so there's a few different...
events that I've been invited to.
Some I don't know what they are, some I do know what they are.
There's different meet and greets, different panels that I was going to try to check out, all mostly Minecraft related, except for meet and greet with Doug Doug.
He's just funny, but...
Yeah, it's going to be pretty busy.
And over in our chat room, because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
That's VOG Network, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
And the previously mentioned Bobby Blackwolf is in chat saying, wait, you got invited to things at TwitchCon?
It doesn't happen very often.
Yeah.
Rolling out the red carpet for Loki's first year.
Alright, one other quick thing I want to ask you about, and then we'll go over to DarkSakura who just joined us.
I want to mention, Loki, the game playing behind you tonight is Astro Bot for the PlayStation 5, which really feels like it's taken the gaming world by storm, quite frankly.
I have not picked this game up myself yet because I bought cheaper games this week, but
I have to say, a lot of the hype for this game is really making me go, alright, maybe I do need to pick this up at full price.
Like, even though this screams the type of game that Sony would give away in a year on PS Plus, I feel like I need to pick this up right away.
I'm feeling like this might be a game of the year contender at the Game Awards.
I really am getting that vibe.
Yeah, it's looked pretty good.
Like, I would have picked it up if I had a PlayStation 5, but I don't, so I'm not purchasing a system for this, but...
It looks good.
It looks like on level with Mario Odyssey or something like that.
Yeah.
Well, you're going to have the chance to get a PlayStation 5 for $700, but we'll talk about that in just a little bit.
First, I want to say hello to, of course, the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
And I hope you're doing well tonight, Jamie.
I don't know.
It's not coming through, but sometimes it takes a second to tune in.
My microphone is on.
There we go.
I don't know why, but sometimes if it's just a quick high, it doesn't come through, but that's all right.
How are you doing?
You also sound like you're talking a thousand miles a minute.
Well, what else is new?
I just want to point out, I just had a fresh cup of coffee, so yes.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
it's okay it's okay I have been really I don't know what it is I've just been really like having extra fatigue lately yeah and it's been like I've just been like the combination of my week and everything just getting ready for TwitchCon I have been I've been
Pretty poopified.
Yeah, I understand.
I hope you hang in there okay.
Since you mentioned TwitchCon as well, what does it look like for you?
What are you excited about for this year's TwitchCon?
Going.
I'm excited about wearing my platform tall heel Crocs.
Oh my gosh.
Wasn't Crocs a sponsor in Vegas?
Last year, yep.
That's what I thought.
That's so funny.
And I hope they are again so I can go into my Crocs and say, get ready to sponsor me, bitches.
I love it.
I love it.
You're cosplaying as well, right?
Yeah, I'm doing two different pig cosmetics.
I am doing my normal one that I wear with the drill weapon and the red shirt and the crown.
And then I'm also doing the outfit that goes with the crown.
So the short skirt, the thigh high fishnets, combat boots, the purple shirt from the first movie.
Mm-hmm.
and I discovered something Rob something I can get away with instead of having to wear an uncomfortable skirt that I can't move in I'm buying a fucking tennis skirt with like a skort type one with the shorts underneath it oh nice
Hey, you know what?
Function before fashion when it comes to conventions.
I don't know how some of these Dragon Con, like, you know, which, and I bring that up because obviously it's like a cost, it's cosplay heaven or cosplay hell, depending on how you look at it.
But Dragon Con, some people go all out and I don't know how they do it because the function.
They do it at Anime Cons too.
We had a big daddy at TwitchCon two years ago.
Come on, daddy.
We had a Reptar.
Rob, what?
Pink elephant is if you're drunk.
It's just elephant.
All right, fine.
We have to address the blue elephant in the room about what's been going on this week.
And you may have seen on social media that it is official.
We are in a Guinness publication as the longest running English language magazine.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
So I think they had to, you know, probably research and update a few things.
but I happened to log into the OLR account because I think there was a gaming news story where there was a headline or something and I saw the little mail icon and I was like, oh, what's this?
And then when I saw what it was, I almost choked.
So I emailed the individual from Guinness who reached out with some basic information but to be fair, I didn't really know what it was going to be.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and as you all may recall, it changed.
So it's kind of funny because if we hadn't posted about it on Twitter, the individual may not have seen it and actually changed the date.
So it's right in the book, but that's only because they changed the date at the literal like last second for them whenever their deadline was.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They wanted something like, can you get us something by tomorrow?
And I couldn't get the three of us together to take a new picture, and we just didn't have a lot of pictures as a group.
We had only really done two official publicity shoots.
There was the one you see in the book.
Actually, that was Mistress Tia that shot that photo from the very last non-to-go edition of OLR ever.
Just a little fun history there.
Mistress Tia shot that photo.
and let me think there was one other publicity photo thing we did a few years later with Eddie rest in peace actually came over and shot us you might recall this is when we were in the garage studio on Justin TV and
and the picture I liked the best from that was the one, so there's a really funny picture of us sitting around the table and like Loki's on an old ass brick laptop, DarkSakura's, no, DarkSakura's on the laptop.
Loki is talking into an Xbox 360.
That was my Toshiba.
Yeah, and I was playing a Nintendo DS, not even a 3DS, but a DS.
And there's a big old bottle of Goldschlager on the table.
So I actually don't think that picture would have been suitable for print anyway.
The one that we sent was easy enough for them to remove the background from.
Exactly.
So it worked out.
If we'd known, the funny thing is, you, me, and Loki got together for the 1,000th episode and we took pictures in front of Golf Land and put that on social media.
And that would have been a great thing to have in the book.
Unfortunately, that was already past their deadline.
So it is what it is.
You make do with what you have, right?
Like, how could we know?
Like, it's just, you know, when these things happen, they happen.
We weren't even 100% positive that it was going to be, like, for the longest running, you know, podcast.
We thought, oh, maybe we'll be just mentioned, like, on a list or something.
Yeah, we didn't know if, like, we were like, who else did they contact?
I actually asked Bobby.
I said, because, like, you know, I trust Bobby to keep his mouth shut.
I said, Bobby, did they contact you?
And he said, no.
You know, so I was like, okay.
Maybe they reached out to like and I'm thinking like maybe like Gamer Tag Radio has been on a long time.
What was the show?
The Outsider, Video Game Outsider has been a long time.
Maybe they reached out some of the other shows.
I don't know.
Well, turns out in the book and I do want to address this.
In the book, they actually acknowledge another podcast out of Spain called Game Over, and they actually give them the distinction of the longest running podcast.
And we have the distinction of the longest running English language podcast, which when you consider that the book is English language, it's important.
And I want to choose my words carefully here because I do not want to mean any disrespect to these hardworking individuals at the Game Over podcast in Spain.
Unfortunately, I can't listen to it because I don't speak the language.
I wouldn't understand it.
But I'm sure they work very hard.
I know very well.
Loki, DarkSakura, we all know very well.
It takes a heck of a lot of discipline to do this for a long time.
That all being said, in the promotion we use for Orange Lounge Radio, in the descriptions on social media and things, we say longest running video game podcast.
And we're not going to change that.
And I'm going to tell you why.
And again, I got to be careful here because I don't mean this with any disrespect.
However, from what I have done the research on the Game Over podcast out of Spain, they kind of start and stop a little bit.
And I think it's a little bit hard to call yourself the longest running player.
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We are currently on episode number 1017.
Now have we been able to be on every week?
No.
Things are going to happen and I'm not going to apologize for taking a winter vacation or when my mother passed away we were out for two weeks.
I think these are all fairly reasonable things.
But this other show, and again, respectful, oldest podcast maybe, but not longest running.
When you're taking every summer off and you've taken an entire year off.
So that is the logic that we are going to continue to use and why we will continue to brand ourselves the longest running podcast about video games until we are no longer on.
Frodo Swaggins in chat says, video game outsiders claims to be the longest running also.
No.
You know, again, I want to be respectful.
We used to be on the same network with those guys.
I have no hard feelings or anything.
They are hardworking.
Michelle was even a guest on a show about Warcraft I did once.
Fine group of folks.
But if that is what is being claimed, and I understand this is coming through a game of telephone.
If they are saying they are one of the longest running, that's different.
They can say that.
But if it is the longest running, unfortunately, that is incorrect.
And I've given you all the evidence you need as far as our claim to it.
Well, the thing is, they know better.
Yeah, and so again, I'm going to hope, again, I want you to listen for this.
If they're saying they are one of the longest running, that's fine.
None of us have an issue with that.
But if they say longest running, that should be corrected.
And I hope they will do that.
And yes, they should know because we were on the same network, All Games Radio, for quite some time.
So...
But nothing but the best.
You know what?
Quite frankly, if you are still going, like any of these shows I mentioned, there's a lot of other hard-working, long-running shows out there.
I'd like to think we're celebrating with you.
It takes a lot of discipline to do this for one year, let alone over 20.
So everybody should be proud of what they've accomplished.
But that is also, if it sounds like we're being dicks about this...
that's why because we worked hard for this title we're going to hang on to it yes we are so hope you understand hope you understand um
That's that.
Anything else, DarkSakura and Loki, you want to add about this?
I mean, I've been talking, but obviously you all share in this 100%.
I did reach out through a couple of channels to see about getting our certificates.
And I actually submitted an application because we were awarded this without an application.
Yeah, yeah.
So I wanted to have everything above the table, as it were.
Mm-hmm.
and so I've put in an official application with under us as a group and with our names on there and copied and pasted verbatim thank you text copy from preview everything that was in the article page number publication date all of it like you guys wrote this about us I'm not making it up
And if two of us, we've got stage names listed.
Well, and two of them are right.
And I guess I should address, they put the wrong name for me in there.
And I think I know what they did.
But I'm just going to say...
I would not have been upset if they put Rob... Well, I'm not upset.
This is just my luck and I just roll my eyes and have fun with it.
But if it had said Rob Sky, S-K-I-E, Roberts, I would have been like, all right, yeah, I used that nickname for a very, very long time.
That goes back to DDR Freak.
I ain't mad about it.
Where V comes from...
I just wanna walk around with my mug I'm a winner baby
But in serious, you know, you bring up a good point, DarkSakura, is that we had actually asked six years ago, five, no, it was when the 20th, you did it for the 20th.
We sent them, you sent them a contact and they said basically pay us because they saw Orange Lounge Radio.
They said, you're a business.
You're going to have to pay a thousand dollars to be considered.
And we were like, we don't have that kind of money.
No, they said I put in the wrong application and that I had to reapply.
Well.
Well, but the application they wanted had the money, right?
Well, that's if you wanted to push it through.
Oh, well...
It's like a $5 application fee for just doing a standard 12-week application.
Regardless, we have this Gamers Edition probably to thank for the fact that it came back for this distinction.
So thank you to the editors at the Guinness Gamers Edition for finding us and for giving us the distinction.
It's super appreciated.
We really appreciate it.
Yeah.
All right.
And thank you again to all of you that have supported us over the years.
You all share in this too.
You all have been a part of this.
You all get to say you have been part of what is now a Guinness World Record holding podcast.
Yeah, it's your fault.
And I think that's pretty fucking phenomenal.
So thank you.
Loki, anything you want to add?
No, I just think it's really exciting to finally be acknowledged, you know, without having to, you know,
I mean, I don't know, maybe.
Well, you know, it's in going back to what somebody else had brought up a moment ago and chat about potentially other shows claiming they're the longest running because they just they don't know about us.
You know, it is it is nice to see that Guinness did the homework to figure it out.
And that's that's very kind.
And that does.
Yeah, that does feel nice because, you know,
We aren't listened to by hundreds of thousands of people every week or even tens of thousands or barely a thousand every week.
So it's nice that, you know, to be found in our little corner of the internet, our little fam that we have here on Sunday night.
And I just, I really appreciate them for doing the homework and finding us.
Super appreciate it.
I really do.
All right.
Yay.
Well, with that, we can stop talking about ourselves and get back into talking about some video games and gaming news.
And well, actually, let me just quickly mention some comments in chat, of course, over twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
S2 and Hunter Matt says, congrats.
We from the OL Army are proud of you.
We would be here if you guys didn't bring the awesome and bring us joy every week.
Oh, 100%.
ZenMonkey11 says, no shame in being proud of your work.
Thank you for understanding that.
Like, again...
Thank you for watching!
SSJ100Matt says, now if there is ever a Wikipedia entry page, they can't take it down now.
Actually, you bring up an excellent point.
The old Wikipedia page was pulled because there was no, all the sourcing in it was from like our own pages.
You now have a source from Guinness World Record Gamers Edition 2025.
What page number, Loki?
62 62 that says we're the longest running English language podcast about video games so now you can source something like that's a pretty respectable source I don't know copy and paste that I put in our application I'm putting it in chat I don't know how to make a Wikipedia page and as I understand that would be outside the ethical guidelines anyway since I'm involved with this show but maybe those of you that know a little more about it
Go forth and have fun and I would love that if it works.
Let's see, Bobby Blackwell pointing out, I'm on episode 907 starting in July 2005, you know, kind of pointing out that he's been running just as long as some of these other shows that are longest running.
And Bobby, obviously, a huge part of why we're still on the air to this day, saving us from Life 365 and getting us our former All Games Radio partnership.
Really appreciate that as well.
So...
Thank you, thank you for Bobby.
And then I have to, at some point, also say a huge thank you to VXJasonXV because even though his face is not on the wall right now, he was with this show for a very long time in person, but every week without fail, he's putting in the work of doing the intro, doing those bumps, some of the web stuff behind the scene.
So Jason,
Absolutely shares in this with us as well.
Oh, Jason's in chat.
Well, you're welcome.
There you go.
See, I didn't even know you were here.
But Jason shares with us in that 100% as well and needs to be called out.
So put that on Wikipedia.
All right, let's get into... Okay, enough talk about ourselves, I promise.
Let's get into talking about some video game news.
Loki, pretty big one dropped this week.
New console, am I right?
Yeah, we kind of knew it was coming because of all the leaks and everything.
So the PlayStation 5 Pro has been officially announced.
Thanks to a presentation by Mark Cerny.
Having you compare the two images sent by corporate that are identical because, you know, they look very close in quality.
No, to be fair, the PlayStation 5 Pro does have better graphics.
Very small details, but that's been kind of one of the sticking points with it.
It has a 67% larger GPU, 28% faster RAM, and renders at 45% faster, as well as improved ray tracing speeds and AI upscaling that they call PlayStation Spectral Super Resolution.
And it's $700.
Yeah.
$700 for a digital version $699 US dollars $699 US dollars and that is of course if you want your physical collection to be able to play on it you're going to have to pay $80 to get one of those drives that is if you can get one of the disc drives for it because scalpers are a thing and they have bought the drives so that nobody else can have them um
and then of course, you know, $700 or in this case $800 because also the vertical stand's not included as well in case you want it not to tip over easily.
The argument is I guess that it's a console that you could sell your old one and then trade it in and it's only $350 then, right?
That's not so bad, right?
That's if it's in good condition and you get all the money and all that good stuff, but yes.
Yeah, I personally will not be jumping to get one of these because I don't see the point, and it's expensive.
Yeah.
They also raised the controller prices too, I believe, recently.
So there's that as well.
A whole bunch of price gouging.
Yeah, I think this is going to go over about as well as the original announcement of the PlayStation 3 when Sony really took it on the chin.
Now, granted, there's a huge difference here, and that is that Microsoft came out the very next day and basically was like, our system's going to be $100 cheaper.
Maybe it was the other way around.
I can't remember.
It was a long time ago, but...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
but if there's there's a lot that's different now and even looking at the PlayStation 4 Pro because I posted my own distaste about you know this and the fact that I really think this is too expensive and I had a rando reply to me on Blue Sky basically saying I don't see the difference between this and what they did with the PS4 Pro and I'm like
Pro or Sib, like this is actually a huge difference because when the PlayStation 4 Pro came out, it was the exact same price that the PlayStation 4 was originally introduced at, which I believe was $399, $499 at the time.
Sorry, my memory is vague, but I know it was the exact same price as the PlayStation 4 when it first came out.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You might start looking at, can I get a gaming PC or a gaming rig?
Because a lot of Sony's exclusive games are also on PC at this point.
Yeah, and they're still committed to putting out stuff on PC as well.
And then on top of that, going back to the PlayStation 4 Pro... Well, I just want to quickly say before somebody corrects me, I understand a super-duper graphics card is going to be very expensive, but still, I think perception...
is always going to be more important than the truth in this industry.
That's a hard fact, hard pill to swallow.
And the perception of the $700 price tag right now is it doesn't buy you much.
Sorry, Loki.
Yeah, I was gonna say like the the jump from PlayStation 4 to PlayStation 4 Pro was a bit more significant like especially when we're talking like VR and stuff they would really enhance you know what can be done with PlayStation VR like the resolution was much higher there was a lot of other nice features to go along with that you know smoother gameplay and stuff
What they showed, like the comparison screenshots that they showed or gameplay videos, they had to zoom way in on the background.
It's like, yeah, see this thing way in the distance over there?
Yeah, it's slightly more sharp now.
That's not night and day different.
It really isn't.
And maybe there'll be more games that support that later on, or maybe they'll just have specific games that only play on the PlayStation 5 Pro, but...
It's not really making the argument as well.
I don't recall, and I could be wrong, and if somebody wants to fact check me in real time, fine.
I don't recall there ever being a PlayStation 4 Pro only game.
I think some people are thinking about new 3DS, and that was a thing, but that was a very different can of worms.
I don't believe there was ever a game that would only run on PlayStation 4 Pro.
and I think Sony had said that is that they kind of mandated it had to run on the base PS4 even if crappy which I think is what happened with Cyberpunk so yeah I mean like it's
They certainly had, like... I just think the performance was better.
Like, the jump in performance with games was much more significant because we were talking... It was... I mean, there was still 4K gaming, I think, but it wasn't as, like... It was a little bit more...
Noticeable, like you had games go from 30 to 60 FPS and you had, you know, a lot more detail in there and some of these more performance modes and stuff but just with this, just from what they even showed, like the argument that they're trying to make on some of these older games, it's like, yeah it looks slightly better, but like it's not that much better, it's not like we're talking, going from something looking very basic to just like holy cow, this is retrace the hell and
it's just the most amazing looking graphics I've ever seen it's not that at all it could be something later on in the future that you may have more of these enhancements and stuff and it's also something where they have that performance mode and they have the high fidelity mode and now with the Pro you get the best of both worlds with that but it just hasn't sold me on it it's very expensive and the performance upgrade
What they demonstrated was not enough.
I think this item, you know, I'm not saying there's not a place for it.
I think it will end up being very much a boutique kind of item.
I think this thing ends up being a high collectible value.
I think this really does become a collector's item.
I think in a few years, people who had a PS5 Pro, it's going to be like, ooh, that was kind of like the niche one that ran things a little better.
Like, oh, interesting.
I think when we kind of look back,
I think the collectability of this thing is going to be pretty good I don't think that sells a lot of units at the end of the day and I'm just trying to be fair like some of you might be rolling your eyes at what I'm saying but I think realistically with the high price tag it becomes like a high-end car it's like oh okay fancy but you can't drive it but my Prius gets better gas mileage
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
who actually said, now if Nintendo wants to put Switch 2 out for $399, that would be closer to the realm of possibility.
You know, and a moment ago I mentioned one big difference between this and the PlayStation 3 price tag I compared this to is that you don't have Microsoft coming out the next day.
And I don't see Microsoft kind of changing their Series X and Series S type of thing.
Series X is not a PS5 Pro.
It's a PS5.
Series S is actually under...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and do that first unveiling of the Switch 2, which to be fair, would be in line with how the Switch was unveiled.
There was like a two minute commercial that came out in like October the year before that basically showed the Switch concept.
Remember the people playing on the rooftop and all that shit?
I thought that was like January.
No, it was the year before.
that they showed it very quickly and then January was the deep dive.
That was the full press announcement with all the pomp and circumstance, the full launch lineup, the date, the price, all that stuff.
So it's very possible Nintendo in the next couple weeks comes out and shows an early concept and I think that still could take the thunder from this thing a little bit.
I'm not sure there's a lot of oomph behind this anyway.
Again, I think your...
I almost want to say well-to-do or at least people with a high gaming budget let's say people with a high gaming budget friends that want this as a collectability that's going to be who gets this and I don't really think a Switch 2 announcement cuts into that too much but it could be very interesting I think from a talk of the town type of thing I think once that Switch 2 commercial hits nobody's talking about PS5 Pro anymore nobody
So we'll see.
We'll see.
Bobby is remembering a time when Loki said that commercial showed hardware that was not possible.
I don't remember saying that.
Bobby says, to be fair, I also thought it was exaggerating how quickly it would go from handheld to docked.
I think we all kind of thought that at the beginning.
Oh, they're souping this up for the commercial.
It's not going to switch over that fast.
And then, well, shit, it did.
Yeah.
It's pretty fucking fast, actually.
So it will be interesting to see what happens when and if the Switch 2 is unveiled.
But as far as the PlayStation 5 Pro, props to you if you can afford one.
I'm not going to hate on it.
You're going to have a nice little collector's item, I think, if you can afford one.
Me, I'm going to pass.
All right.
If that's it on the PS5 Pro,
Let's move on to our gaming weeks and talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
DarkSakura, we'll start with you.
How was your gaming week?
Kind of annoying.
I did play some Dead by Daylight.
I haven't played the new mode yet.
I'm going to do that tonight after the show.
but I tried to start the casting of Frank Stone and my game would just go black and not let me past anything every time I had to do this one part where you deck the titular character in the face that's without spoiling much about the game so I went to log back in today to see if I could check up on that and when I hit continue it darted me over from the beginning
so needless to say I'm a little bit frustrated by that that's annoying and don't forget people playing DBD if you put in blood pint one word in the store you will redeem 500,000 blood points and of course for those of us who got the pre-order bonuses though for that game that was 2 million blood points they gave out it was pretty epic um
and then um I played Simpalia and that's really about it just because I had so much going on um because we had Fuck It Friday um which was of course at my house and we decided to be terrible human beings and break out the bigger blacker box and uh
the things we found super objectionable we just like put them somewhere else and backed them away and said we weren't touching them and I did something else oh yeah I saw Beetlejuice Beetlejuice last night was that a good time?
um yeah it was really good it was quite the worthy sequel but I wanted the they had like these like promotional uh lowball glasses as they called them but they ran out so I just basically drank um not just one espresso margarita not margarita but espresso martini but he said drink some down there's some left in the container
and I just saw him pour Grey Goose for a while and I'm like, oh lord I'm either gonna pass out or have to pee or just be really hyper the latter two happened the movie was really good, I very much enjoyed it there's nothing after the credits it was very worthy and I'm pretty sure the door is open for a tertiary entry into it
but I really enjoyed it that ending was well paced and very good I thought that they did it just right so
It also reminds me just how weird the lyrics of MacArthur Park are.
And I went back, though, and was just playing Jackie Crush and Devil's Crush and just a few little teeny things on my own.
But I...
I've been low on bandwidth all week with getting ready for TwitchCon, so yeah.
Alright.
And PodCulture, I normally do not play Cards Against Humanity because of practices within the company.
I no longer give them any business, but I already had the box, so it is what it is.
Alright, let's move on to Loki.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was mostly Minecraft.
Occasionally, I've been playing some of the Discord games.
My co-hosts, or not co-hosts, are one of the fellow cast members to have me try this Zynga game called Farmerge Valley that's just a brain-dead gacha game.
I don't know.
It's just pretty brain-dead, but...
Uh-oh.
We have another ferret.
Oh, you found one of those old ass fair.
Okay.
I had to perform surgery to get the batteries replaced.
Okay.
Oh my God.
Because of the world record thing, we may have some new listeners this week.
So we used to have this mascot, this little stuffed fair.
Can you hold it up for the camera, Loki?
So at least the live listeners.
And it's actually in the book.
Oh, that's right.
They took that part of the clip art, didn't they?
Yeah.
Well, it's all pixel art that I made.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So we used to have this little stuffed ferret, called a scoozie, that would make these dumb little noises that Jamie used to love and cling to during the old episodes of OLR.
And the ferret was kind of like the mascot of OLR, which is why...
They did, yeah.
and it's annoying they have like battery boxes inside of them but there's no way to open them up so I had to kind of perform surgery to get the batteries replaced.
DarkTutsu asked, does it make the noise?
It sounds like it does but it's just not coming through your mic right now.
It does.
It does make noise.
I'll try to like see if I can pick it up if I'm talking while doing it.
It sounds all robot-y like audio compression or something.
It's like, that's outside noise.
Gotta suppress it.
Yeah, it
yeah it'll keep filtering it out unfortunately all right well that's that's awesome all right any anything else for your gaming week uh no that's just it um yeah like I said I've got well TwitchCon this week so there's lots of Minecraft related things I'll be doing uh this week and networking and stuff so that'll be fun um I just put up put an episode out today so yeah nice
And happy belated birthday.
Your birthday was this past week.
And I know we all gave you shouts on social media and in the Discord and all that.
But remember, the best birthday present you could give Loki is get someone to subscribe to his YouTube channel.
Watch time.
Watch time would be nice.
Because my watch time, it's year to year and it keeps going down.
I don't know.
I have like a few thousand followers.
The episodes just don't get watched.
I don't know if it's a bunch of bots that sub to my channel or something, but it's... Well, if you want to get Loki a present, then have one of his videos on in the background while you cook dinner.
Or you should watch it, but short of that, have it on while you cook dinner.
I'm not going to say watch it illegally or bought it, but just watch it while you're multitasking.
It's great.
You can put it on loop.
I just did a thing.
Did you buy one of these things off eBay or something?
There was one on Macari for $11.
Oh, that's not so bad.
That's not so bad.
$11 is good.
Yeah, this was only like, it was less than $10, I think.
Alright.
They had one of the original, like, bigger ones for like $30.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft,
um but I think even those I think those had like battery box like velcro battery boxes and stuff that you could do like this is sewn in which is annoying because I had to cut it open to get to the the box to replace the watch batteries in there that were super old um but yeah
Speaking of the OLR old throwback days, since we're really reminiscing this week, do you know who I kind of actually... So I posted the world record thing on Facebook, and I got to say, I was not expecting the response I got.
I think more people liked the world record thing on my Facebook than liked the post when I got married.
But it is what it is.
It's the algorithm.
Either it's going to get you or it's not.
and one of the people who reached out out of the blue who I hadn't heard from in quite some time was Darkchild who I don't know if you remember but him and Janae I can't remember if Janae used a stage name or not so sorry if I'm I'm doxing her but Janae and Darkchild were in the studio when Matt and I lived together so this would have been like the really early seasons of OLR when it was you know live probably pre-podcast time actually and
Darkchild reached out to me and was like, hey, I heard about the world record.
Congratulations.
We should catch up.
It's been forever.
I just realized if it wasn't for OLR, Janae and I would have never met.
I don't know if you all know him and Janae are married now and have a kid.
and they met because of OLR and being in the studio together all those years ago so that was really cool to hear from him out of the blue so shout out if you're out there Dark Child and Janae of course so miss I um unfortunately you don't really do the in-person thing anymore but I would I would love to even just have you on over discord just to just to catch up all these years later that would be such a fun I don't know if it would be a good Sunday night show but maybe like a spin-off thing at VOG Network like reach out to some of these people
We haven't heard from him forever.
Like those two.
Puppy comes to mind.
I know he's still around.
You know he does like Star Wars lightsaber battle shit that's like really intense.
It really looks cool.
I follow him on Instagram.
He's still around.
Who else from back in those days?
Princess Irene.
I could get a hold of her pretty easy.
She's still around.
Some people, unfortunately, I don't talk to anymore, such as Life.
So I can't promise everybody from back in the day.
But the Mels, the Mels would always be happy to pop on and say hello.
So I think it might be fun to come back.
Oh, DDR Angel.
Excellent.
DDR Angel is now Tech Angel and she streams.
So she's very easy to find.
So yeah.
VAMPIRE SURVIVORS
because it's only five bucks and hey, I can grind for trophies and I really love Vampire Survivors.
It's such a great, fun, mindless game that, you know, suddenly, oops, it's two hours later.
What have I been doing?
I've been playing Vampire Survivors.
So that was really fun to get.
I also picked up a game just based on word of mouth.
It was a pretty reasonable price and people seemed to really like this game.
So I was really curious, like, would I be into this game?
So I bought a game.
I don't know if I'm going to pronounce this right, but it's called Bellatro.
I think
is the name of the game.
It's that card game.
Yeah, you got it.
It's the card game that sort of has they call roguelike elements into it because there's some deck building type of mechanics that are in it.
And basically the whole concept is around these different jokers that do these different effects on how you total your hand at the end because the whole like totaling of the hand feels very similar to like cribbage, which is an old game I really like.
So that's kind of interesting.
I haven't played it in forever.
Yeah, yeah.
so I think Bellatro is interesting I'm not sure it's grabbing me as much as I thought it would because let's be real this is a game they could have done on like Windows 3.1 like this is more of a reflection of like the popularity of roguelikes and casual games and those sorts of things there's nothing about this game why it needs to be on PS5 and PC which is fine a good game is a good game
But then I was kind of really expecting to be like drawn in and sucked in by the gameplay.
I have to admit, I'm kind of not.
I can see where it's addicting for some people.
I'm just not sure it's addicting for me, to be quite honest.
And that's okay.
It doesn't mean it's a bad game.
I just think like I played it for a little bit.
I'm like, I'm not sure I understand the strategy here.
Like the tutorial really just cuts off at some point.
And I was like, I'm not sure what I should be doing.
Like I keep winning these hands.
and I'm not sure I understand all of these mechanics and some might say that's part of the experience is learning all that shit but I don't know I feel like I needed just a little more like move me in the right direction so I really understand if I'm playing this game well or what I need to be doing better that was the only thing that kind of got me about it but otherwise I mean it's pretty cheap so it's pretty hard to go wrong at the price it's at
And then the other game I played this week.
So happy anniversary to the Dreamcast, which turned 25 this last week.
I think we mentioned at the end of last week's show.
And I was able to... I went to one of my friends on Monday who got out the Dreamcast and we fucking played Power Stone.
And boy...
Boy, am I bad at Power Stone.
But I'm not bad at Crazy Taxi.
I actually played that for a little bit, and that was fun.
And then on Friday, I went out to the local Daddy Bar.
I call it the Daddy Bar.
It's the Bolt.
Jamie, you know that place.
So I went out to the Bolt because they have Gamer Night with a Y. G-A-Y-M-E-R Night.
My friend rents that.
Okay, every second Friday is when that is.
Do I know your friend?
I probably do.
Unite
I got my fucking ass destroyed and get your mind out of the gutter because we're not talking about the bolt in this sentence I'm talking about Marvel vs. Capcom 2 I got destroyed they do have that swing in there you know
We're not talking about that.
We're talking about good old-fashioned video games, which I was terrible at.
I did not realize how bad I was.
We did play, though.
Did you get taken for a ride?
Yeah, out on the patio.
Yes, I did.
No, I did not leave it at home, but no, I got wrecked.
But earlier in the week, again on Dreamcast night, I played...
it wasn't Dreamcast but there was also just Steam Deck going around so I played SNK versus Capcom because they just released that not that long ago on Steam and so and my friend was like oh you actually are pretty you're pretty decent at this one because I'm bad a lot but that one has Mai and I love Mai and when I started playing as Mai I was actually winning and he was like oh you're you're pretty decent at this one I was like yes because I can play as Mai
So, alright.
Anyway, that was my gaming week.
I hope y'all are proud of me.
I played quite a few games besides just Final Fantasy XIV.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news and some things that are going on in the gaming world, which there's a lot to talk about again this week.
Loki's gonna start us off.
Loki.
Flappy Bird!
Yeah, we're talking about Flappy Bird.
It's 2013 all over again.
What year is it?
Flappy Bird is coming back to mobile storefronts and web browsers.
It's coming out next year.
Oh, are you saying Don Nguyen's finally getting his coin all these years later off this?
Oh, I guess we should be happy for it, shouldn't we?
and then what else did they also probably get in there?
Oh, did we say NFTs?
Because that's what makes all good games nowadays is if it has NFTs in it and that's what they're doing is they're bringing NFTs into Flappy Bird.
needless flappy tokens I do like how they're being the company is being harassed on social media by some journalists which I thought was funny they keep asking them questions about it so everything I'm saying about Don Nguyen the original creator is very tongue-in-cheek because y'all know what happened here right
Unfortunately, trademark law has a thing where if you don't use something for so long, you have effectively abandoned it.
Hence, why Nintendo always fights all of their IPs, even when they frustratingly are not making new games in them.
Zero.
but that's why they'll put an F-Zero download content thing into Mario Kart because that renews the timer on their trademark so that nobody else can just swoop in and get that trademark and Don Nguyen has actually come out and said no I have no relation with their game I did not sell anything also I don't support crypto um
He never re-upped the trademark, which led to it being acquired by another company.
The game is tied to Web3, likely has microtransactions.
So in other words, fuck all of this.
is basically... Maybe that's opinion, but fine.
Fuck all of this.
Because they literally stole... I mean, yeah, it's legal, but let's be real.
So much with trademark and copyright.
These laws in this country...
were built long before the internet and goddamn do they need some modernization because another excellent example of where trademark laws are doing people fucking dirty is with, I'm sure you all know Jules from TikTok.
Even if you don't watch TikTok, you've probably heard the phrase, very demure, very mindful, very cutesy.
Well, that was a trans woman of color that started that trend.
And guess what?
As soon as that whole very demure, very mindful caught on,
Some other little troll, trademarked, very demure, very mindful, so that they could put it on a t-shirt and make all the money.
Now, I believe, thankfully, some pro bono folks are helping Jules out, and I think she... I haven't caught the latest on the drama, but I think last I heard, quotey, it's all been worked out, which means...
they sent hefty letters to these individuals that were trademarking basically saying we're going to sue the fuck out of you if you don't let this go and so they let it go and I don't know if you heard but however you feel about that phrase and however you feel about that trend she is getting the surgeries that she wanted paid for thanks to the TikTok revenue so hey I would much rather she be making some coin
and some of the people that are making coin on another popular social media site but I'm not going to go there because I promise to be nice today.
Yeah.
I love Patrick Klepek.
They just sing so great.
They keep responding to all the posts by the Flappy Bird account saying, I'm ready for the answer to what your relationship is with the original creator of this game.
Who made this game?
Where'd you get the IP?
Why aren't you answering any questions?
Mm-hmm.
Exactly.
Exactly.
So anyway, hope you flop.
Hope it's floppy bird, quite honestly.
So that will be the last we'll be talking about this game on this show.
But it is a tough lesson learned.
So let this be a warning to all of you if you're going to start making games, Loki.
If you want to still make money off those games 10 years later, if your game goes viral, so I'm sorry, Loki, maybe you don't need to worry about this, but if your game goes viral and somebody else wants to make coin off of it, you better renew them trademarks.
And boy, do we need some people in the trademark, patent, copyright offices, legal stuff in this country.
Boy, we need some people at the helm that understand the internet and how the internet has changed the entire fucking game.
so because we need some modernization in these laws if Mickey Mouse can stay untouched for 95 years can't can't this world be free of Flappy Bird for another 95 years 85 whatever anyway go buy Don Nguyen a coffee Bobby's saying it's because he stopped selling on the store which makes sense
Yeah, no, I mean, yeah, he pulled, yeah, I mean, it's, what, here's the thing.
What these guys, these NFT companies, what they're doing is not illegal.
In fact, some would say it's smart.
But we can all look at this and look under the layer of how they got to where they're at and where that money is actually going.
We can say, you can look at it and go, it was a well-played capitalist move, but you can look at that and go, and it's fucking shitty.
Well, it's immoral, so I mean, yeah, it's legal, but you're... Who cares about morals when there's money to be made?
Yeah, it's, you know, it's just like the quote, it's like, you know, you're not wrong, you're just an asshole.
Let's go back to what we said at the top of the show.
It's not the facts that matter, it's perception.
And all of this shit that's coming out about how Flappy Bird is getting rebooted, not a good perception.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oh no, look at this, look at this, look at this.
Flappy Bird, still in my library with the little icon to download it.
Although it wouldn't do shit.
Again, it's not going to run on this phone because of the whole Apple changed those rules a few years ago.
But at least I can say that's my little piece of gaming history.
There you go.
Bobby is also saying, I bet this new company will absolutely go after people who made Flappy Bird clones.
Oh, yes, they will.
Oh, yes, they will.
If you made a Flappy Bird clone, you better delist that shit fast or you better call it Flappy Pow World because apparently that makes you invulnerable to these types of lawsuits.
Don't you know you just have to add guns to things and everything is legal?
Give the bird a gun and you'll be fine.
Have you seen that game?
The new one that's kind of along the lines of Palworld.
It's called Long Winter.
It's basically Animal Crossing.
Is it the same company?
It's not the same company, but it's another company that took... I mean, you look at the article... But this is two years ago.
This isn't exactly new.
All right.
Well, it's not new, but like... I'm reacting live to this on Eris.
I'm playing the video for folks on our... Oops, I gotta show the right screen, don't I?
On our other screen here.
Let's fast forward to this here.
Okay.
That character, like, isn't even legally distinct.
Yeah.
like that that is a fucking Animal Crossing character I'm sorry that we're seeing here on the screen let me uh let me fast forward a little further into what's going on here I mean I mean the game itself looks different yeah the game does look different like certainly not as good
Interesting.
Huh.
Alright, Nintendo.
So tell me, so they have guns?
Are they fracking?
Is it the fracking?
It's a survival game and you have guns as well.
Because it looks like with all these rigs and things, this is fracking.
It's animal fracking.
Animal fracking?
Tom Nook strikes again.
I don't know.
But yeah, even the interface, you look at the interface and the interface looks the same too.
Yeah.
All right, let's move on.
Unfortunately, I don't have good news to follow this up with.
We go from one shitty thing to another.
And unfortunately, on this story, we're going to be talking about layoffs.
Unfortunately, Microsoft has conducted more layoffs this week.
They laid off 650 people this week.
from the Xbox Gaming Division.
This was announced in a company-wide memo that Microsoft Gaming CEO Phil Spencer sent and is also stressed as a part of this, no new games were being canceled or studios closed as a result of the latest round of cuts.
This... Meaning people are going to be overworked and understaffed.
Here's the thing.
I have tried so hard over the years to really stick up for Phil Spencer.
You're making it really fucking hard this year, Phil.
Ever since this Activision acquisition.
Which, hey, I will say, you got Bobby Kotech out of the industry.
That's his new name, Bobby Kotech.
You got him out of the industry.
Congrats.
The amount of money that he was given as a golden parachute probably could have paid the salaries for these people for another four years.
Boo his tomato.
That...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
how am I supposed to celebrate that?
I can't
I guess I could read the rest of the comment here.
I guess in the interest of lighting up all sides, I guess I could say that Phil Spencer said the 650 rolls cut were, quote, mostly corporate and supporting functions.
Separately, as part of running the business, there are some impacts to other teams as they adapt to shifting priorities and manage the lifecycle and performance of games.
No games, devices, or experiences are being canceled and new studios are being closed as part of these adjustments today.
which as we know was different from when there was 1,900 layoffs.
Maybe this one stings a little more.
I'm going to be completely transparent here.
I don't know how much I want to talk about this because this isn't my business and this isn't my thing to complain about.
However, in this particular circumstance, I happen to know somebody that was affected by this.
So I'm feeling a little bit extra jumpy on this or I feel a little extra snippy on this news because I've seen it personally affect somebody who says they will be fine and they are taking it personally.
What can you do?
What can you do?
Anyway, something to think about when it's time to re-up your Game Pass subscription for the increased fee they're going to be charging this year.
Just putting that out there.
Good thing I never got one to begin with.
Something to think about.
Let's move on.
DarkSakura.
yeah so um it looks like that um oh gosh I hate when they put up these pop-ups okay so um Evercade is adding uh analog controller support in their latest update I don't have one of these it would be nice um but at any rate um
It's for the Evercade VS, I believe.
Yeah.
It looks kind of like reverse Super Famicom colors.
But yeah, you can play your games that require a little bit more third dimensional activity.
People have asked for it.
It's on there.
Some of the games that have listed that will support it is Worms Armageddon, Speedball 2100, 40 Winks, Duke Nukem Last of the Babes, Duke Nukem Time to Kill, Glover, Tomb Raider 3, Legacy of Kain, Soul Reaver.
And they're also adding a cartridge eject feature.
I actually have the Evercade.
I think it's Evercade Versus because it was the first one that has two players.
I don't know about them very well.
That's actually what I have.
And I will say the controller's kind of the weakest part of this system.
So this is kind of interesting that they're going to be adding this.
Does this mean I can just pop in a PS5 controller?
Because that would actually be rad.
Oh, here it is.
Xbox, PlayStation, 8-bit, Dewpads.
Okay.
Okay.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Yep, so this makes sense that we're now seeing Sony removing Concord from players' accounts because, well, they did the whole mass refund on it.
You're obviously not going to get to keep a launcher for a game that doesn't exist anymore.
So now, yeah, late last week, they pulled down the servers and everything and they have removed it from the accounts.
And of course, this is while they determine their best path ahead.
and they've refunded everybody at least they're supposed to be refunding everyone PlayStation I think the Sony stuff was taking like a couple weeks but like PC they've already done all that so let's we'll have to wait and see what happens Concord is still going to be part of that series that Amazon has coming out in December so that's going to be interesting
I think we still see some sort of free-to-play version come out at some point as like a PlayStation Plus.
Yeah.
But that's... It's one of those things where it's like, yeah, it's kind of shitty that they're pulling it from people's accounts.
It reminds me of the whole PT.
But at the same time, they gave you your money back.
You can't play it.
and they did give you the money back so it's like it feels a little less shitty I think it more stings in game preservation and that whole thing which you know we've kind of already talked about with this game that it you know it is a bit of a bummer that you will never be able to play this game as it was again but I also think you know if we cared that much shouldn't we have supported it when it first came out well but there but I was the game had its fans
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
But until we know, we don't know.
So an E3VL points out PT, you can at least play it.
And Shayla, hi there, says PT, that one scary game I'm thinking of.
Yes, that was the infamous trailer for Silent Hills, which never happened.
Speaking of games that got canceled.
But that was probably one of the most infamous demos of all time.
Yeah.
but also free so when they pulled it you can't exactly be pissed off because I paid for that no you didn't well I mean yeah I would still understand being angry it's the preservation standpoint like I fucking like that and I'd like to be able to play it again someday
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
This whole thing where now because of that, we can allow the corporate gremlins literally to come in in the middle of the night and take something off of my console, which has been happening ever since the PlayStation 3 days and the other OS thing that happened.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
So now that we are always online, the corporate...
the corporate gremlins can come in in the middle of the night and take shit off of our consoles and that shit sucks that's the price we're paying for this convenience and this is why some people and yes it is a minority at this point but why some people are still clinging to physical media and you know because the physical I mean if you have Concord on disc
you have some it won't do much but you have something and now this is now the challenge to every hacker and home brewer working in a PlayStation 5 environment out there get Conker to work with the disc if you're the home brewer that figures that out they're gonna write ballads with your name
Alright, let's move on.
This is one of those stories that's like, what?
Literally what?
Annapurna Interactive, who actually publishes a lot of games.
And I want to make sure we're very clear.
They are a publisher.
They are not a creator.
So even though they have been behind some very big games that have been released over the years, things like Alan Wake, Control, some of those reasons, there's a lot of indie games they're behind.
Annapurna publishes these games.
It's going to be interesting to see what happens moving forward with these games because the entire staff resigned.
and this was the entire staff resigned yeah that's like trippy first off what a fucking power play like kudos honestly as weird as it is to be talking about this whole thing like that is the the
The chutzpah, I think the word would be to pull a move like that.
No, no, no.
Chutzpah.
Fine.
But you know what I mean.
Did the point come across or did it not?
It was just an excuse for me to make the ch sound.
Y'all had to do that is pretty impressive.
Anyway, let me get to the rest of what really happened here.
So the staff resigned following a dispute with the owner Megan Ellison, which again, I have also learned something this week, that she is the daughter of Oracle's Larry Ellison?
Is that his name?
So I did not realize there was a connection there.
Who knew?
So dickliness runs in the family?
I don't know if I'd phrase it that way.
So Annapurna Interactive president Nathan Gary and the rest of the team were negotiating with Megan Ellison to spit off the division, publishing the video games, into an independent entity.
Megan Ellison backed out of those negotiations.
Nathan Gary and other executives and two dozen staff resigned.
a spokesperson for Annapurna Interactive well who's left at this point if they all resigned who's left but apparently there is a spokesperson maybe from the temp agency maybe Megan for Annapurna confirmed in a report to Bloomberg and Jason Schreier's reporting at Bloomberg that they had explored spinning off the company into an independent entity but there was a failure to reach an agreement
In a statement to Bloomberg, Megan Ellison said, Our top priority is continuing to support our developer and publishing partners during this transition.
We're committed to not only our existing slate of games, but also expanding our presence in the interactive space as we continue to look for opportunities to take a more integrated approach to linear and interactive storytelling across film and TV, gaming and theater.
Are you going to make a game when you don't have staff?
Well, they're not making it.
They're publishing it.
It's going to be more difficult, but my thought is here's the reality.
We've had thousands of people across the industry in these sorts of publishing roles that have been laid off and are looking for new jobs.
If Annapurna wants to find talented individuals to fill these roles, they're probably not going to have a problem.
That's the reality of the situation.
That's why it's even more like those folks literally quit publishing.
In the state of the industry right now, that's why I say like it took, they obviously felt very strongly about what was going on.
Because it really sounds like those individuals, to quote a TV or movie adage, will be easily replaced.
I don't mean that literally, but I feel like that's like the vibe I'm getting from these statements.
Um...
If a developer has a publishing contract with Annapurna, apparently they're scrambling to find new points of contact.
But the same spokesperson had told Bloomberg that all existing games and projects are still under the company.
And the newly appointed president, Hector Sanchez, congrats on your ascension, has told developers it will honor existing contracts and replace the departed staff.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
So yes, you're going to have Annapurna 2.0, but now you're going to have this mystery competitor yet to be announced, but I bet will be announced in the coming months.
So, I mean, y'all wanted more competition in the gaming industry, here you go.
This is just a weird fucking way for it to happen.
SSJO and Hunter Matt says, what are the games Annapurna was working on?
Is the publishing rights with?
Is Silent Hill Townfall?
And maybe you'll get a delay from this, but I don't, it's not going to stop the game from happening.
Wild, wild, wild.
So, all right, let's move on.
DarkSakura on a very different note.
So, um, now, you know, we super, super, super support game preservation.
What we don't support is making a profit off of game preservation, if you know what I mean.
Like, people going back and selling retro games.
but pirated, rebuilt versions of them lying about what you're selling, basically
Yeah, this is what actually was going on in Italy and this game ring that was worth 50 million euros was finally broken into by Italian police.
Fake vintage consoles and games.
For those who don't know, that's about...
a bit over $55 million.
U.S.
dollars.
So, I mean, there were games that were like Street Fighter 2, Super Mario Bros., Star Wars, you know, the stuff that people want.
I'm sure that there were like
Some of the really big ones that people will actually pay top dollar for.
Just taking advantage of the whole retro gaming swing, they said it was about 12,000 consoles and over 47 million pirated games.
and DarkSakura.com
It was a lot.
And then he also said that these are from all over China and were imported to be sold in specialized shops or online.
They were fitted with non-certified batteries and electrical circuits and did not pass EU technical or safety standards.
The games and consoles have been destroyed.
Nine Italian nationals have been arrested and charged with trading in counterfeited goods and they can face up to eight years in prison.
um yeah it's you know when we have in a world where you know sealed copies of you know retro games are selling for ridiculous amounts of money yeah
This doesn't surprise me.
I'm glad that they were able to knock that down.
100% what you just said there about that people are realizing there's money to be made in the game collection area and people are willing to do seedy things to pass things off as things that aren't legit.
I remember one time, this is not quite the same thing, but this is how I learned that lesson, that there are people that will try to pass things off or maybe misrepresent it a little bit.
I was at Denio's auction, right?
Out in Roseville, right?
A little bit of local stuff.
Is Peter Dan still out there?
I don't know who it was that I bought from, and I don't know.
No, because the place across the street is no longer there.
And this was when I was in the place across the street from Denio's.
Gotcha.
What was that?
I don't remember where that place was.
Also...
The purchase I regret the most ever.
They had a full-on BurgerTime cabinet, legitimate cabinet that they were selling for $400 and I should have fucking bought it that day because then that place closed like a month later and I never will see one of those that cheap again.
But anyway.
I digress.
What I really bought that day is I found for the Super Nintendo, I was like, oh my gosh, it's a sealed copy of Clue for the Super Nintendo.
This is incredible.
I'm going to buy this.
I fucking love Clue on the Super Nintendo.
Fuck yeah, I'm going to buy this.
And so I bought it and I brought it home and I took it because I wanted to fucking play it.
So I took it out of the ceiling and then realized,
Oh, all the cards in here and the instruction manual on the game, they've already been filled out.
People use this.
Somebody just resealed this game.
Now, in fairness, that was my mistake.
The person wasn't trying to pass it off as like sealed brand new, but the presenting on the shelf gave that impression.
And so this person didn't do anything illegal.
I'm just saying I learned a lesson that day.
How easy it is to represent a collectible.
Was it shrink-wrapped?
Yeah, that whole thing.
You can usually tell by the kind of shrink wrapping.
Well, yeah, but that was the whole like, oh, fuck, I need to learn that lesson.
And so it just goes to show not just that, but to reseal or shrink wrap or whatever, or now what people can do is dumping their own cartridges.
Like Loki has his own Pixel Poops 2 on legitimate cartridges that he did, he put together.
Which I still want one.
Yeah.
All right, moving on.
Loki.
Alright, so this has been going on for a while, like this whole controversy with Unity and changing other prices, and they kind of backed down from that.
And the new thing that was supposed to be coming is that runtime beat with the new versions of Unity.
I think that's supposed to be starting in 2025.
but now almost a year later after they announced their changes and then walked that back they are not going to be implementing the runtime fee and Unity will return to a subscription model with that the personal license will remain free until the game has brought in $200,000 in revenue
or funding and then also a Unity Pro subscription though however will increase by 8% to $2,200 a year and Enterprise will also increase by 25% um
Let's see, other changes.
So previously, the Unity Personal was capped at, it was $100,000 is where you had to hit it before you had to pay the fee.
So now they have upped that to $200,000.
Also, the Made with Unity splash screen will still be optional for games developed with Unity 6.
And that's set to launch later this year.
And I believe that's everything.
Oh, they said, yeah, with the Unity Enterprise, it says experience, you know, their 25% increase with new minimum subscription requirements for customers generating over $25 million in annual revenue, which, yeah, when I see them, I'm like, I'm never going to see that kind of money ever in anything.
Alright, well, interesting that, you know, it's almost in some ways quietly reverted all this time later after the controversy.
But it's still notable that it's happened this way, so.
Yeah, and with that, like, even though they've walked everything back, I think there's folks that are just still hesitant about it.
Like, yeah, they did it this time, but what...
What's going to happen the next time they want to change something?
Again, not to keep drilling this home, but I'm going to.
The perception of Unity now, based on how quick they made that change, yeah, not a great look.
It's going to take time to earn that trust back, right?
And decisions were made that week to pivot to other platforms when all that shit went down with Unity.
Those were decisions you can't go back on at a certain point.
So, you know, but this is Unity continuing to try to get that trust back with a lot of people, I think.
A year later.
We'll see.
All right.
Anyhow, let's talk about the PlayStation 5 and a firmware update that happened this week that is going to be adding.
I haven't seen this yet, but I also haven't launched my PlayStation 5 today.
I launched it the day the firmware update went out and I didn't see this.
But it's slowly rolling out across the coming days.
So some of you may have seen it.
It's a customizable home screen.
So it's going to be a little bit different.
You'll have a new welcome hub on your PlayStation 5.
And they're saying it's basically like a canvas that you can fill with widgets.
I'm really reminded of cell phones because iOS and Android both do this in their own ways.
You have these different widgets you can put on your home screen of the phone that show you like, here's the weather, here's the battery charge.
I like the one on iOS that lets you see the battery charge on all your devices at once so I know if I need to plug something in.
So
It's very that, but for Sony.
So you can see things like, again, battery level for accessories.
You can see your storage space, which of your friends are online, which trophies you've recently gotten, and all that stuff.
This is going to replace the Explore tab that's currently there.
You can resize and arrange things, which is cool.
It's a way that you can customize.
And you can change the background.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Also in this update, a little lesser known feature, but personalized 3D audio profiles.
If you have headphones or earbuds, this will let you make various adjustments to better fit unique hearing characteristics.
This is currently in beta, but look forward to more updates and all that good stuff.
Apparently, party voice chat links will be able to be shared on messaging or social media.
So you could literally drop a messaging link on threads or something and people could join your chats.
Or I could go to Discord or something and do that.
That could be very interesting, even if you're not friends on the PlayStation Network.
Of course, you'd want to use that responsibly, but I could see that kind of opening up different things.
There it is.
Jason also pointing out, since I brought up cell phones, Jason mentioning iOS 18 lands tomorrow.
That's a pretty big deal in the Apple world.
He also continues, widgets and personalization on a gaming console, of course, makes sense, but doing the same stuff as a phone does seem silly.
Well, it feels like it's... I don't think it's going to show weather and news headlines like your phone does, but I think it's going to show things that are relevant to the PlayStation console, which I think is kind of interesting.
So...
By the way, I did order an iPhone Pro Max 16 a couple days ago because I had a lot of credit at work.
So I was like, eh, what the heck?
Because we get incentives that we can trade in for gift cards.
And I just stock up Apple gift cards because I know Rob loves expensive toys from Apple.
So I just stock up the Apple gift cards and cash them in.
I will tell you privately.
Okay, okay.
Jason in chat says, I may have also pre-ordered a 16 Pro Max today.
May have.
Sounds like you did.
Guess what?
I had to do it twice because the first time I forgot to apply my balance, but I got it all sorted out.
We're good.
We're good.
But I'm excited.
All right.
I'm due.
I'm due.
All right.
Let's move on.
Let's travel back to a simpler time.
You know what?
Your consoles didn't have widgets.
Your cell phones didn't tell you the weather.
If you wanted to know the time, you called time, and it would say, at the sound of the tone, the time will be 7.35 p.m.
Beep.
That's how you knew the fucking time on your phone.
It's the classic game of the week.
Was yours British?
Actually...
Are we going to digress?
Yes, we are, before I roll the bumper.
We used to have, I wish I remember the phone number.
Loki, maybe you remember this.
It was, I think it was, it was something, it was a gag we used to do on Under Sedation Live.
I think the number was 332-2222.
I don't call it because I don't think this exists anymore.
But when you would call it, it would go, hello, my name is Mona.
And at the sound of the moan, the time will be 736 p.m.
and that was the thing and then it would play an ad it played an ad for some porn site or 900 number or something but I just remember that Mona was like the alternative to time I sort of remember I feel like every I feel like every teenage boy knew about Mona all right uh where was I oh yes classic game here we go
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And this is a pretty rad game tonight, DarkSakura.
What did you pick?
I picked, I was like, because we don't have the wiki and I didn't want to decode all the XML.
Thank you, DT, for sending me the XML of the site.
And DarkTetsuya is working on that and thinks he can get it back.
Apparently there was a problem with one of the transcripts that had some dirty language in it that the website didn't like.
But anyway, sorry, but you reminded me to make that update.
Sorry, Jamie.
The game is Super Don Quixote.
They spell it really weird.
It's like Q-U-I-X-O-T-E when there wasn't that in the original novel.
First of all, it was a Laserdisc video game that was released by Universal in 1984.
You play as the knight Don to rescue a princess from a witch named Leona.
It is very loosely based on the novel Don Quixote, which, if you've never read Don Quixote, it just sounds like such a weird thing to derive from.
Although I love the full title being The Ingenious Gentleman Don Quixote of La Mancha.
But it's also kind of a parody novel.
Anyway, back to the game.
It's like Dragon's Lair in Space Ace.
You have the icon that points out which of your little quick time events to do.
And it actually has the overlay that shows you.
But most of the other ones didn't do anything except giving you a flash that's incorporated into the animation.
so basically you are Don who is trying to save Princess Isabella from Leona who is going to sacrifice her to a demon he has a donkey that goes with him that's based on the original Don Quixote's horse I always mispronounce this
Rosinante and a fat little man called Sancho that is based on Sancho Panza who is his sidekick in the book.
You
Really the only big things that has in common with the book, apart from some certain character names, is the fight at the giant windmill, but everything else is really fucking weird.
You fight a mummy, a dragon, skeletons, demons, giant snakes, flying electric jellyfish, a totem pole, Leona's daughter, and a bunch of other stuff that has nothing to do with the book!
And, um...
Yeah, you slay the lady, the witch, and you go home.
End of story.
But it was the first and only game that was ever released on the Universal System 1, which was supposed to be a standard Laserdisc video game system.
They had other games that were planned for it that were never released, including Adventure Middle-Earth, Adventure Time Mr. Do,
Timeslip, Circus Circus, Space Dracula, and Wilderness Kingdom.
Where's my Space Dracula, okay?
Another game from Universal that followed a similar format was Captain Zap, which is a motorbike combat game.
And
It was also the only Laserdisc game to be demonstrated at London's Associated Leisure Preview 86 or Arcadia 86 show they did in October 1985.
In Japan, Game Machine listed this on their December 15, 1984 issue as being the most successful upright arcade unit of the month.
Computer and Video Games gave it a positive review in December 1984, saying that the movements of all characters are smooth and beautifully depicted, really praising the animation, that they didn't think it was as much fun as Dragon's Lair, but said that Don Quixote was a lot less frustrating.
So yeah, pretty decently well-received, just, you know, didn't have Don Bluth behind it.
I mean, seriously.
But
but it's a pretty good one and I'm trying to actually see where the art house for this was but I'm not finding that in this article but at any rate they had one at California Extreme I played it for a hot minute but you know it's cute
You're right.
Oh, I was just going to say, you're absolutely right.
It's not Don Bluth, but I feel like they're kind of trying to go for that vibe still.
Yeah, they are.
It's why it's hard to figure out who it is.
And Don Bluth's animation is rather striking because it still has that kind of Disney vibe to it.
And this has a very anime vibe to it, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah.
The animation in it, I thought, is really nice.
It's really smooth and really good.
Clearly, this had a budget.
Especially when you consider, again, this is 1984.
This is not something that was made in the 90s, even.
It was pretty old.
We had other games, though.
Remember the VHS and DVD games that came out later?
Sure, sure.
Yeah, but this has nothing to do with the novel.
Yeah.
Alright.
Well, still, a very unique sort of game, and as SHO100Matt puts it in chat, I've never seen this game before, and now I kind of want to play it.
Well, I would call that another successful Classic Game of the Week.
all right thank you for that DarkSakura good pick good pick and hopefully we have a wiki working again next week uh so we could because we we use that as a resource ourselves and making sure we don't repeat things i use it too for the little bumps at the beginning i'm like have i made this joke before so it's important i do cliff jumper as a game
I'm pretty sure I did.
The loop in the third one.
There ought to be a way.
Well, I guess it sounds like Dark Titsy already did that to get that file so you can at least open that.
I have the XML.
I honestly didn't necessarily have a bunch of time.
In fact, let me open it in my XML editor.
All right, all right.
Well, while you plot out the next few classic games until we have a wiki back, let's... Dr. Sia says, stay tuned.
I'm hopeful to be back before post-TwitchCon.
All right, well, appreciate all your hard work on that for sure.
And yeah, I didn't even know we had transcripts on there.
I thought 13 Forever had their own transcript archive, which is... Because they had that software that did everything, which again...
I don't... You know, here's the thing.
I'm fine with you all who have been listening to this show for a long time and supporting this show a long time.
Like, if you want to find an old in-joke or something, I'm fine with you having access to transcripts.
Who I don't want having access to transcripts are people that are trying to dig old shit up on us to try to cancel us with.
Don't fucking play that game with me.
Because this show has been around for 22 years, and I've said it time and again, there is shit in the old episodes that was said I would not say today because...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You all that, you know, I know you all are just looking for, oh, when was the first time they brought this up?
Or like Loki, you had a really good, you were trying to figure out when Time to Penis originated on this show because you thought it could have been before what was being mentioned in some of the mainstream gaming media as the first instance of it.
Although it turns out it was the same year, but not technically before, at least what we can find.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
By the way, and this is just offering it really to anybody, if you are wanting something that's good for helping you read through XML or for doing Python coding, definitely look at Brackets.
Really, really good little app.
And that's like right now why I'm able to go in and just copy off the list of classic games in plain text.
Nice.
Okay.
and then so my point with the whole transcript discussion was just delete all the transcripts off the wiki it's not needed just it's fine you know what I would just rather if apparently there's problematic shit in it I would just rather it not be out there anyway so because it probably wasn't wasn't funny so just just delete it it's cool we we need that we want the useful shit like the episode summaries the classic game of the week and that type of stuff if somebody really wants a transcript they can go download the episode and there's tools to help you do that so
Alright, cool.
DarkTetsuya says that was the plan.
Alright.
I hear ya.
We're good.
We're good.
Alright, let's move on.
Let's get into some rapid fire news and cover some other headlines real quick.
Loki, we'll go to you.
Yeah, so there's now news that Tony Hawk is working on something with Activision.
Gee, I wonder what it could be that you would be working on with Activision.
I wish I could tell you more.
but I can't tell you that I or I can tell you that I've been working or talking to Activision again which is insanely exciting we're working on something this will be the first time I've said that publicly cool looking forward to it um
and then as people do with popular celebrities or people that have come into the spotlight a bit more recently since Tim Walls, the Democratic Vice President nominee mentioned that he used the game on the Dreamcast someone took it upon themselves to add him as a playable character in Dreamcast
Crazy Taxi, thanks to a mod.
that's that's brilliant I I think this is funny as fuck actually uh and I love that someone did this um interesting because we were talking about like the trademark and all that stuff you know using his likeness in the mod is that acceptable and actually another interesting sort of perk of uh law in that because he is a well-known federal politician uh the the parody is considered fair game
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Obviously, my political leanings are no fucking secret on this show.
And I think the world of Tim Walls, I think he's fantastic.
And I love that somebody put him in Crazy Taxi.
I think it's great.
So can I interject something real quick?
Why not?
Well, this kind of goes back to something.
You remember how I talked about the people who were doing the Keitai game preservation?
Mm-hmm.
and how there had been like some that were still missing that they couldn't find.
They found one of the missing Professor Layton games.
Oh, cool.
Professor Layton and the Mansion of Deathly Mirror.
They found it on a phone that survived a house fire.
Wow.
All six chapters on an F906i.
They had before only had the first three chapters.
Now they have them all.
and there was also Mr. Driller Aqua and yeah so those were other games that they thought they were either never going to get the complete version of or at all lost games now alive and well on a survivor of a keitai
I thought I'd throw that out there.
It is so wild, the things that just turn up in the most random places.
It's like going garage sale in Silicon Valley and finding a prototype cartridge you would have never thought.
It's wild.
Oh, I picked up this junk for you at the flea market.
Where did you find an Appalisa?
Excuse me?
Where did you find a black label version of Symphony of the Night on PlayStation 1?
I find those all the time.
Wasn't that rare?
Isn't there some Konami PlayStation game that's super rare?
Oh, Suikoden, probably.
Yeah, I mean, well, I have both versions of Final Fantasy VII, and we had the import of Symphony first, of Nocturne and the Moonlight, and then got the US one as soon as it came out, because this was Dan.
All right.
Anyway, DarkSakura, you have a rapid-fire story for us.
I do.
Tell a plan!
It's just fun to say, tell a plan.
Mm-hmm.
excuse me I'm sorry I just had a choke on something they are doing reissues of more Toaplan shmups Slap Fight and Grindstormer
from Rattalaika Games and Shin Uden.
So that's cool.
We're getting some more fun Toaplan stuff.
So yeah.
Slap Fight is a vertical shooter that came out in 1986 and then later came to Atari ST, Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64, ZX Spectrum, Thompson MO5, Thompson T8, and the Mega Drive.
Grindstormer which was the spiritual successor came out in 93 and it was out in arcades before it came out on the Mega Drive slash Genesis by Tengen in 1994 and they've been very emulated on Steam and the GOGs and now we get this also it's just fun to say Slap Fight
All right.
Moving on.
There's been too much talk of the Dreamcast this week and not enough talk about the Sega Saturn.
So let's talk about the Sega Saturn.
Specifically, the Sega Saturn's version of Doom.
That's right.
The one and only Doom that gets ported to literally everything, including the Sega Saturn.
well a new cheat code has been discovered and don't you just love these fucking stories a new cheat code 27 years after this game was released unveiled this week brand new cheat go dust off your version of Doom on the Saturn get it in because now you can make the in-game walls semi-transparent that's kind of a new I don't remember that being in any version of Doom before but that is what you can do with this don't you want to
X, Right, B, Y, X, Right, B, Y
and if you need that set again just hit that rewind button on your podcast player and listen to it again but uh yeah that's uh the semi-transparent wall code for Doom on the Saturn but also cheat code discovered 27 years after the fact you gotta love that stuff all right let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some games coming out that probably have no cheat codes because they all move that to DLC now but that's all right let's check out what's coming out anyway Loki
This week we've got Fairytale Beach Volleyball Havoc on PC, Starstruck Hands of Time on PC, Four Keeper on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One, Final Fantasy 16 on PC, The Plucky Squire on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series, and
Star Wars Jedi Survivor on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Train Sim World 5 on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series Key Locker Turn-Based Cyberpunk Action on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series
Toho Genso Wanderer, Foresight on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4, UFO 50 on PC.
Let's see what else we have for this week.
We've got Broken Sword, Shadow of the Templars Reforged on PC, Mac and Linux, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
We've got Eno Tria, The Last Song on PC and PlayStation 5, Ginka on Nintendo Switch, God of War Ragnarok on PC, Moonless Moon on Nintendo Switch.
I don't know how that works.
How can you have a moonless moon?
My moon has no moon on it.
It could be a new moon.
We can't see the moon, but the moon's still there.
That is true.
But the moon can see you.
It could be a miracle moon.
We got Frostpunk 2 on PC, Home Safety Hotline on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, and
And last but not least, the Karate Kid Street Rumble on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
That's it.
I don't want it unless it repeatedly plays that song, you're the best, around over and over again.
I agree.
Moving on, let's check out Japan.
Quick, everybody, get in the car.
Let's go to Japan and check out the releases there on the Nintendo Switch.
On September 19th, Iki Unite comes out, as well as Ginka, which comes out in a regular and a limited edition.
We also have Death End Request Code Z in a regular special edition and, if that's not enough, a Death End box.
The Town of Nye comes out as well in Japan this week on the Switch.
and then tell me more about Bang on Balls Chronicles.
Yes, that is the name of the game.
Why don't you go bang on balls?
I got your balls right here.
Tennis balls.
Yes, this looks like angry birds, but they're balls.
Angry balls.
Anyway.
What other balls jokes can I make?
How about Born of Bread?
Also coming out in Japan this week.
Kids like bread.
I feel like the sequel to I Am Bread.
Born of Bread.
Wait, hold on.
This gets better.
You are a sentient bread on a quest...
you play as a flower golem that's F-L-O-U-R a flower golem who possesses a never-ending childlike wonder and a set of odd abilities it comes with a home-cooked battle system should be a home-baked battle system I don't know and team up with your buddies because Loaf, the main character can't do it alone
I wanna know what rabbi ran out of rocks and decided to make a golem out of flour.
I wanna know how fucking high did somebody get when they decided to make... Hey, hey, hey, man.
Hey, hey, hey.
That was a good one.
Try Board of Sativa is what this game sounds like to me.
What if, man, what if, what if, what if Fred could walk?
And lastly on the Switch Japan this week...
Kama Itachi no Yoru is also out on the Switch.
How about the PlayStation 5?
We also have Death End Request Code Z. Bang on Balls Chronicles is there as well.
Also a game called Candle Night is there as well.
And if you can't get enough bread, you can get more on the PS5 as Board of Bread is also out on the PlayStation 5 in Japan this week.
Oh my gosh.
I named this game after the club I went to Bang on Balls because that's all they did all night.
Okay, I'm done.
How about Europe, DarkSakura?
We ain't seen shit.
I'm just kidding.
Anyway, on the 16th, we have Phoenix Falls for PC.
On the 17th, Throne and Liberty for PC, PS5, Xboxes, blah blah.
Final Fantasy 16 also for PC on the 17th.
Also Star Wars Jedi Survivor, PS4, Xbox One, The Plicky Squire, all the things, Enotria, the last song for PC, UFO 50 on the 18th, Enotria for PS5 on the 19th, God of War Ragnarok for PC on 19th.
I guess a re-release or something?
Broken Sword, Shadow of the Templars for all of the things also on the 19th Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster on the 19th Monument Valley on Netflix Bzzzt on Switch on the 19th Frostpunk 2 for PC on the 20th I'm sorry, how many Z's in Bzzzt?
Yeah, that many
Oh is that it?
I mean, I could go another week after that since I won't be here, but no.
That's fine.
That's fine.
We'll let it be a surprise for people.
All right.
Actually, none of us will be here next week.
I think we said that, but there's no show next week.
Loki and DarkSakura at TwitchCon.
I'm not doing a show by myself, but also I'm in Seattle for completely unrelated reasons.
So we're not here.
Bobby Blackwolf will be here, though, to hold down the fort and catch you up on all the news of the week.
So check that out for those of you here live at the Voice Geeks Network.
Alright, we have a few more headlines for you and then we'll see if there's any calls or any of that good stuff.
But Loki, you have some Minecraft news.
Yeah, so we were just waiting to hear what's going on with Minecraft Live because that's usually around middle of October.
But Minecraft put out, or I should say Mojang put out an announcement talking about changes to how they're going to be doing updates.
So my opinion is that they're just...
They're kind of trying to do less.
I mean, they're trying less hard now, I guess, with updates.
Being that there's no more themed updates anymore.
They're going to try... I mean, they've already said that they were going to be doing this, trying to push out smaller updates instead of just waiting for...
A larger update release so there's gonna be lots of sub updates which sucks for mod developers because then you have to constantly update your mods every time they break stuff which is all the time especially now that they're going to like a component-based system on the back end so it's kind of changing how everything's structured but in the long run it'll be nice
They are now confirming that they're going to be doing two Minecraft Live showcases instead of one.
Still not confirming when that first one's going to be.
If that's still going to be in October and then there'll be like another one in the spring or what the case may be.
so we're just going to kind of wait to hear about that hopefully in the next couple weeks we'll get a date on that because that should be right around the corner oh and mob votes are going away so that's a big one because it's pretty contentious typically with Minecraft Live they have the Minecraft players vote on which mob they want in the next update and you know in the past you've had like large creators like Dream manipulated to put the crappiest mob of the bunch in there you've had
other votes seem to be kind of manipulated or just like weird so now they're just getting rid of it all together honestly I don't understand why they do it that way in the first place it really should have just been here's three mobs we're going to bring them to the game which one do you want in there first and we'll prioritize that one and then the other two will come in later on like that would be the best way to do it but that's not how they operate so whatever um
But yeah, so that's what we're looking forward to more announcements and smaller updates.
Like I said, with the theme stuff, the last few updates that they've done with Tricky Trials and...
I don't even know if that's... Trails and Tales.
It's felt very... Here's some features we have done and we're going to shove them all together and what kind of theme does that feel like, you know, with that?
It's not kind of working towards a theme.
It's more of here's what we have done and it's the tricky trials.
Yeah, that's it because the trial chambers are in here.
Or it's the armored...
dog armored armadillo one it's got dog armor and armadillos yay um so I think they're just now they're just not even going to try to come up with a theme for it and it'll be just like okay this is what's coming out and here's what it is and stuff like that but I know there's lots of tweaks that they're doing I'm just kind of curious about when all that's going to come out and what what that means to the game because they're retooling a lot of stuff um will we be getting a Minecraft update on who won the fucking Mega Man competition
This is an old joke.
It's coming.
They're still deliberating.
This is an old joke at this point, for those that don't get the joke.
Loki created an incredible fucking Mega Man build that absolutely would win this competition, but we'll never know because Microsoft never named a winner.
Yep, they never named a winner.
It was their first... Well, it wasn't the first, but it was one of the first feature-me Minecraft...
and DarkSakura.
The whole point was that it was supposed to be everyone does steampunk or they do cyberpunk and stuff like that.
Nobody has done Mega Man.
And so I just thought, okay, let's just run with that.
And so I thought, this is perfect.
Look what I found with a Google search on Reddit.
How about that?
How about that?
DarkSakura's VTuber is...
I don't know why VTuber makes it funnier I was also spelling taco yeah they do the live events in October typically what's been and in each year it's been less and less exciting because at first they showed off okay we're going to do the wild update and the wild update was supposed to be we're taking all the existing biomes in the game and we're going back and making them feel more full of life
and we're going to be tweaking and they showed an example here's what we imagine the birch forest could look like and they had some concept art and then the update came out and it's like well where are all these biome changes that you said you're going to have because all you've included is you have one new swamp biome
Which is cool, that's great, that's a new biome.
And then one biome that was left over from the previous update that you just didn't have done at the time.
How was that the wild update?
You didn't do the thing that you said that you were going to do.
They're like, well, that was just concept art, we never promised that we were going to do all these things.
Like, that was the whole point of calling it the wild update.
You explained it, that this is what you were going to do, and you did none of it, so...
and when you're wondering why people are upset and they're like, well, we're just never going to show you guys concept art anymore because you guys are just going to take it out.
We're putting it in the game.
It's like, oh my God.
Like with the communication stuff, it's ridiculous.
Before we get to our next story, I'm kind of curious what you think about this chat comment over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network as we are broadcasting live.
Zenmonkey11 in chat says, just make Minecraft 2 and leave old Minecraft alone, please.
They'll never do it.
I would have thought Minecraft 2 would have happened a long time ago, but I think we get these spin-off games instead.
It's just going to be constantly supporting this one, because they're monetizing it on the Bedrock side, which is the majority of...
I don't even know what the breakdown between Java and Bedrock is, but there's a lot of stuff being supported through Bedrock.
Lots of the marketplace stuff, those add-ons, that's big business for them.
They're making lots of money.
You could technically sell on their storefront as well.
You could set up as a creator.
I've
One of our cast members does that sort of on the side as a few things.
They put out cosmetics on there and stuff.
So it's a big business for them.
That's where they're making the money to keep the game going because obviously they're not selling a ton of new copies.
But yeah, I don't think they'll ever put out a Minecraft 2 because then they'll splinter their player base and...
I don't know.
They would have to stop supporting those older platforms and stuff.
And they just kind of keep evolving the game as it is.
I just don't see them doing that.
I mean, I would buy it, but I just don't see them doing that.
Yeah, Jason in chat says, there's no such thing as a sequel in a live service game.
Diablo says hello, but I get your point.
I do.
There was a time and place where I sort of thought Minecraft 2 was an inevitability when Microsoft came in and bought it, but I think we kind of got the spinoff games instead, and it's just more about refining...
I'm bringing new people into this existing game.
And the movie is going to be an interesting effect on that.
Although I also think the movie is going to be kind of a non-starter.
Because I don't think it's going to be very good.
But we'll see.
It's hard to say with the movie.
I...
FPMobile
I could... I don't know.
I could see them doing a sequel.
It would just be a tough sell, I think, to get a lot of people there.
Because then you would be... You have all those, like, bedrock players that are playing, like, the older versions and stuff.
How would you sell that content to them?
I think it's more profitable to, like... What they've done in the last few updates is they've tweaked all of the back...
and stuff like to make everything component based now the way that the data is set up and it's supposed to make it easier for like map makers and mod developer add-on developers and stuff for on the bedrock side because they sell add-ons it's it's essentially selling mods um there's usually you buy maps or you can get add-ons that do different things um
and so they're kind of working it towards that because that's what's going to bring them in the money.
Like doing a sequel, yeah, they would get those initial sales right off the bat, but they'd be in the same boat that they're in now.
Plus now they have to support two different sets of games and it's just, I don't know.
Who knows?
Maybe they'll do it someday.
Alright, one more story for you all.
Well, speaking about, you know, live service games, let's talk about an Ubisoft live service game.
Let's talk about The Crew.
Of course, the original Crew is no more, but we have The Crew 2 that is still ongoing, which, by the way, it was brought to my attention in our Discord server this week over at vognetwork.com slash Discord, cheap plug.
You can join us and chat throughout the week, such as the alert that came through that The Crew 2 was on sale for a dollar.
and still is I believe for another week so if you want to pick up the crew too for one whole dollar you can do that right now I think that's on Steam somebody correct me if I'm wrong in chat but I think that was on Steam um
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So apparently, a tweet that went out from the official Crew account called AtTheCrewGames said, We heard your concerns about access to the Crew games.
Today, we want to express our commitment to the future of the Crew 2 and the Crew Motor Fest.
We can confirm an offline mode to ensure long-term access to both titles.
Stay tuned for more news in the next months.
In other words, please do not bring this back up to the British government because they're likely to fuck us up.
on this but this is you know what I mean I don't like to say bullying works but in this case maybe it was necessary because now they're getting now the offline mode is getting happening um so that's that's cool that uh we're getting gonna get an offline mode and this game can essentially live forever
which must mean they're also planning on pulling the plug on this game at some point at least on the crew too well if you want to find out for better or worse again it's only a dollar right now so you can check that out apparently that will be coming in the next few months when that comes out at least the good news is you can expect they're not going to pull the plug until that patch is ready to go so that is that is kind of neat yeah for a dollar I'll probably check it out too to be quite honest so we'll see what happens with that
Well, with that, that is all the official stories we had slotted tonight.
We will open up the green room on Discord if anybody wants to give us a call tonight.
But I do want to visit our mailbag, though I don't think we got anything, but maybe I am wrong.
If you want to email us, participate at orangelaunchradio.com is the place where you can send us an email every week.
Well, we don't have an email, but we do have somebody in the green room waiting to get on the air.
So let's go to Discord and say hello.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Long time no see, or at least like two hours and 15 minutes and sporadically in chat.
Jason, it's so good to have you on tonight.
Hello, hello.
Thank you for being here, especially in light of the announcement we were talking about earlier tonight.
I mean it.
We wouldn't be here without you, so I'm glad you can partake in tonight's episode.
And then you start the show and...
Oh, wow.
That is 100% legit and real and deserved and well broken down by your statements at the top of the show.
Yeah, wild stuff.
Surprise!
You know what's funny?
You didn't even...
So behind the scenes inside baseball, I had some other stuff going on today with the love horror events that I host here locally for some promo early stuff I was working on.
And so I didn't get our show role, which is basically like, I don't want to say script, but it's basically like the outline that's like,
Jamie's gonna talk about this Matt's gonna talk about this like that whole thing it's gonna show that in advance and I almost sent it to Jay or because I couldn't get that out until late I didn't send it to like 4 30 pacific tonight which is very late usually I have that out by one two o'clock and I was gonna text Jason and say because Jason needs that so he knows what to intro at the top of the show and I almost sent you a text that said hey Sherwell's gonna be late just talk about PS5 Pro or the Guinness World Record
So if I'd sent you that text, I would have ruined the whole thing.
Because I just assumed you knew.
No, I am aware that I am increasingly out of the loop.
Maybe due to age, maybe due to business, definitely due to not being in the mass media circle that everybody relies on for this kind of news.
I don't blame you for that decision one bit.
Sorry I didn't get to tell you personally.
Oops.
Hey, hey, I took the news directly.
I'm happy with that.
I do think it's kind of sad that people don't talk to each other to, you know, interact and learn about their lives, you know, and just expect that it was read online or something.
Yeah.
Like, people send me, like, Facebook stuff all the time, and I don't do Facebook at all.
Yeah, yeah.
Even more inside baseball, Rob, you didn't mention this at all.
We saw each other a month ago.
You know why?
And you said it was in the works for longer than that, didn't you?
Yeah, well, I knew about it in March or April, but if I didn't make it clear, I don't ever trust that these things are actually going to happen until they happen.
Right, right, because the book just printed and shipped.
The book just dropped.
It only officially became official.
I didn't even order the book because I was like eh I mean even though I did see so what they did send me I don't know how much I'm allowed to say but oops they did send me like a little preview that showed the picture and then it showed it showed that there was text there but it didn't I couldn't read the text it was like gray it looks like um like old ass fucking page makers zoomed out where all you see is gray blocks so that they sent you a picture of the proof
Yes, they sent me a picture of the proof, I guess.
But I couldn't see.
It was only that corner.
It didn't show anybody else.
I couldn't see the other show.
It just showed the corner with us in it because they were verifying.
They said, can you verify everybody's name?
And I did, and they still got it wrong.
Again, that is why I never trust these things until they actually happen.
Yeah, I have very much taken to, as a, perhaps related to, but I think for its own reasons, because I'm also not in the social networking, posting, commenting reactionosphere,
I also, like, I'll hear about things that are interesting basically just by headlines of trailers, directs, showcases, etc.
And, like, I'll take away a few things that I'm interested in, but then I just wait until it exists.
Because I don't care about what it is until it exists.
I don't care about that stuff anymore.
I take away...
taking away the knowledge of what something could have been appeals to is is relevant and no knock against journalists news rumor people like no no knock to the people that do it I don't so I don't part I have chosen not to partake in the the thick of the media only rather than the actual product itself and I get it I get it anyway I know you didn't call in to talk about Guinness night but we had to talk about it but what did you want to talk to us about tonight Jason
It's funny, because that segued perfectly because that last point is basically the one that I'm going to repeat with other examples.
That was the side in the intro for if you're not listening to it right now, you could go rewind and re-listen to the, is this what a politician feels like?
That I spoke out of the side of my mouth in the intro.
I have obviously used the intro as my own opinion.
Where's the butterfly meme?
Is this politics?
Even more relevant given the day of the month that it currently is.
Let me get Pikachu's face in there.
Is this politics?
ShockedPikachu.jpg.gif.mp4 It's in addition, because like I...
I backed Star Citizen to the tune of 200-something dollars in 2012.
And as I have turned into the result of the person that I am now, I see people talking about it whenever there's new content updates.
I see this, that, and the other.
My response or my internal voice says, call me when Squadron 42's out.
I don't give a shit about anything else.
MMOs, make your own adventure, no.
not my thing I bought it for Squadron 42 tell me when that's out I want to play it because I very much am a story directed experience kind of thing as well but I don't like my brain for the other things that I believe in and aligned with even if I don't practice keep
That's what I was talking about before.
Yeah, the Phoenix Wright, the Ace Attorney preservation.
I didn't remember if they mentioned that specifically, but yeah, when you said it, it was like, oh, hey, even more relation to the things going on in my brain.
I 100% believe in preservation, restoration, and everything, and it's kind of shitty to say that somebody needs to do the unpaid labor to enable it.
Oh, yeah.
and many more.
Landed With A Flop
It should be preserved for some kind of reference to look back on, and that's harder to do in gaming.
But when I speak, when I choose to speak of the 20 seconds that I have to come up with a point, I'm going to make it pretty concise, and it's going to be with the context of, for me, this is my opinion for myself.
I have been 100% digital only since 2010.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
I have no way of using it.
That's an exaggeration.
I have a USB Blu-ray drive literally sitting right next to me, but my PC that I'm staring at, my laptop that I use on a daily basis, my car that I drive, none of those things have an optical media drive.
That medium is dying.
and yes, you're not part of the that medium is not part of the major market anymore so if you want it for any and every reason unfortunately some might say the minority the minority what the hell is the word I'm looking for the minority needs get to pay for it kind of a shitty thing to say but
it is an accessory, it is an extra you have to buy one to use your PS5 library for the people that have already probably spent way more money on physical media you can actually get sales on physical media I don't know, that's where I see my influence of the gaming era right now is that physical media is an accessory and that means it costs too, like every other accessory
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
you know it kind of talked about that before was kind of like the equity of what that cartridge or that disc or whatever is still worth especially when we know we kind of talked about earlier in the show sometimes these collectible things are hot items like you know look what's look what's happening for conquered whether it's eye rolling or you know not you know suddenly these this physical medium the last way to actually have a piece of this game is suddenly like very popular even if we're kind of rolling our eyes at it or not you know so
or it's as simple as being able to loan somebody a game or being able to sell it back and all this stuff but there's something to be said now in this day and age about the convenience because these games are so large about having the game just fired up up there on screen ready to go and
and I think what's most important and what's going to need to really continue to be important especially in the console space because it's already true in the gaming space if I, or in the PC space excuse me, if I upgrade my PC or whatever computer I'm using, if I upgrade my computer my Steam library carries with me and I can play everything on Steam on that new
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I think there will, you know, and I know you kind of addressed it talking about like the minority.
I think just like the fact that Target sells vinyl records now, I feel like there is always going to be a space for physical, but I understand that like, especially as the cloud and, you know...
for better or for worse, AI computing on the fly, especially cloud-based.
Well, it's where the industry is going, whether we like it or not, to get some of these higher-end graphics.
But we'll say cloud-based processing is going to kind of force more things to be digital.
And so I understand that.
But at the same time, there's that flip side I just talked about that I talked about earlier in the show that's always going to be in the back of people's minds.
Are the corporate gremlins going to sneak into my house overnight and take my digital copy away from me?
removal like PT being the obviously like stand out significant what the fuck scenario is the extreme example and hundreds of them happen year over year because of ties because of server side ties that don't need to be a thing but they were designed to be that way
TigerClaw does point out, and he's not wrong, that one of the main reasons things are going digital is that physical media doesn't last forever.
It's going to eventually break down.
Especially the older games.
Back when they were cartridges, that shit was built to last.
But do you really think that these companies are going to be saving their games on their servers once they get old?
Maybe you'll be lucky to have some source code that might be preserved that's not available for public consumption.
Yeah.
On one hand, to that end, on one hand, the Giga leak went back decades.
On the other hand, Square, or whomever is most responsible, lost, had to rebuild Kingdom Hearts entirely.
So, like, yes, if people, if companies are mindful enough to do it, but no, because accidents happen and things go wrong.
Yeah.
Well, and on the server front, there's also the could there possibly in our lifetime in the next few years be regulation that regulates some sort of longevity to these online games?
Because I'll tell you what, that whole Ubisoft story we just covered is them running in fear of that.
Yes, and again, to the same extent, I am 100% in support of legislation to keep things working that go in people's hands.
Like Stadia, Stadia refunding all of the game license fees and ultimately keeping all the subscription fees was a huge positive deal for consumers.
I got refunded for my Founders Kit, my controller and Chromecast.
DarkSakura has some thoughts on that.
Yeah, well, and all of that money that got me first class back and forth to Alabama when my mom was in the hospital and then having to redo all of my freaking Dead by Daylight achievements and having to, after three months, rebuy all my DLC.
I think and it's one of the being a little bit more business minded now and less blanket anarchist which is a very weird situation to find myself in mentally like I do believe that a well run company is going to continuously plan for the exit I don't know how many do I don't know if any of the companies I've ever worked with plan for the exit that's only a thing as far as I know that's only a thing legislatively and like
There's the BP cleanup related story is kind of the only thing I can remember in that world.
I think companies, when they have released media, released product, like stake in people's hands, it needs to be able to be allowed to be, it needs to be made to be permanent because it's not yours anymore when it's in other people's hands.
You are making something for people.
That is such a fascinating point you just brought up.
And I just kind of want to highlight that.
Plan for the exit is something that we don't really see gaming companies do.
But when they do it, it's almost infamous.
It's almost the things of legend that buys a lot of trust.
And my case in point is Valve.
I think the most popular and well-known in the industry plan for the exit is the Steam button.
Everybody knows that Steam has a button.
And if Valve ever closes their doors, what that button's going to do is it's going to open up all of the games you own on Steam to be DRM free and no longer require Steam.
I'm fascinated by hearing about that.
I remember reading that article however many years ago.
I'm fascinated by that and want to know more.
Somebody might know, but they're not going to blast the EMP to do absolutely crazy things.
But yeah, that is a great example.
That has come up in conversation for a company that has been the dominant PC distributor for 20 years now?
Mm-hmm.
But there is, I think, a mentality that goes with just about any business that people don't, and maybe it's a point of too much pride or what have you, but they don't think that their business isn't going to outlive them.
Oh, absolutely.
Oh, this is going to be forever.
We can't possibly fail.
We're in the lead.
We're making money hand over fist.
Why plan for something that isn't going to happen?
Because as the saying goes, gravity works.
I prefer the version that's Gravity Sucks, which is said in jest, of course.
I prefer the ban.
Gravity kills.
Must come down.
Jason, good shit, as always.
I really appreciate your perspective on this show.
Thank you for calling in.
And again, from the bottom of our hearts, thank you for everything you do to keep OLR a record-running podcast at this point.
Round of applause to all of us!
Round of applause every chat!
Alright, Jason, thanks a bunch.
We'll talk to you next time.
Hear us in two weeks.
Yep, two weeks.
See you then.
Alright, thanks Jason for that.
Appreciate that.
With that, I think we are ready to wrap it up and get on out of here for the night.
Thank you so much for everybody for listening.
Actually, I realized I need to check in with Loki for any last minute stories.
We actually have had kind of a
Visier week than usual.
Uh... Yeah, the last minute story, so I don't know what this is gonna be, but so I decided, um, when we were talking about, like, um...
I remember when we were talking about like publishing and stuff like that with Annapurna Interactive and stuff like that.
Maybe it reminded me, oh yeah, I should probably check my HIO to see if I have sold anything.
I haven't, you know, because no one's purchased it.
However, I have a note or a comment.
from 72 days ago, because I, once again, I don't check my account very often.
And it says, I discovered and played this tonight.
I went in with low expectations, but this is brilliant.
How can we get in touch?
I'd like to publish a physical version of the game for you.
It's a company called, it's ITGsoft out of Taiwan.
well look into it and make sure it's legit because I could also see that you know and I do not know this company so this is not shade it's just reality make sure it's legit and not a scamming thing because you know but of course if it is legit then fucking good for you and how fucking funny that you I almost missed the Guinness thing because I don't fucking read Twitter and you did miss this because you don't read Twitch.io laughing
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, um, we'll see.
I see that there's, like, some other folks that have worked with them in the community, so I just said, hey, what's going on?
What is this?
You know, like, is this legit or not?
I prefer to publish to Retroverse, but they're not up and ready to go, and I don't know how long it's going to take them to do that.
I still want to see you on Evercade.
I still want to see you on Evercade.
Yeah, that would be cool.
I don't know if that's ever going to happen.
Alright.
Well, I think I have to reach out to them, though, to do that.
You should.
You should.
I can ask.
I hope you make another NES game someday.
I really do.
All right.
I know it's a lot of work.
It's easy for me to sit here and say, go ye to work, Loki, and make me a game.
But it's a lot of work.
So, you know, I want to respect that, too.
But I'm glad somebody's fucking giving you the kudos you deserve.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I want to thank everybody for listening to Orange Lawns Radio tonight.
Thank you, thank you.
And, you know, can't say it enough tonight, especially in light of the big news this week.
Thank you for all the support you've given us over the years, whether this was your first week or your 1017th week.
Thank you so much for being here.
It really means the world.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, YouTube, wherever it is you found this show, go an awful long way, and we appreciate them all.
With that, we're going to go around and get some final thoughts.
Have fun at TwitchCon, gang.
I'm really sorry I can't be there, but I think you guys are going to have a great time.
DarkSakura, I know you're streaming tonight.
You got a final thought for us.
Lights out.
All right, have fun.
And I will have a Shayla with me.
Oh, good.
All right, we'll see you all soon.
I'll try to lurk after I get the podcast up.
Lurk and twerk.
All right, I will, except I won't be sharing the twerking.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
Loki, how about you?
Final thought for us tonight?
Big week this week, so look forward to it.
My final thought is I'm looking forward to my little trip to Seattle and the Ingress competition that's happening up there.
But even if we were to lose it horrifically, which we won't, but you never know, I'm still just excited to go to Seattle and see my buddies up there, to be honest.
So it's going to be a fun personal trip for me.
Have fun, everybody who's going to TwitchCon.
I'm sorry to miss it this year, but Alan and I will try to get back there next year.
We just needed a year off.
After all the walking in Vegas last year,
and the near panic attack I had on the monorail in Vegas, we needed a year off.
I'm glad they moved it back to San Diego and holy fuck, I hope they keep it there.
But we'll see.
Oh, good.
I took the precautions yesterday to get my shots so that I don't bring home con crud.
So hopefully, you know, for you.
Yeah, I hope you don't get convid.
That's that's no fun at all.
But yeah, good for you taking those precautions.
Now I can't get it for three months.
because you don't get the shot after you've had a positive COVID case.
But the silver lining is that I'll get it just in time for the cruise next year.
Oh, you don't do that?
Oh, well.
You're not supposed to have the shot if you already had COVID within the past three months.
Oops.
Wah, wah, wah.
That's all right.
I don't know.
I don't think there's a downside to it.
I'm just, I don't know if it's like less effective or I think maybe the thought process is you don't need it because you already have the immunity.
But I don't know.
Ask your doctor.
I'm not a fucking doctor.
We're going to end on that note tonight.
I'm not a fucking doctor.
And we'll see you in two weeks.
Have a great two weeks, everybody.
We'll see you next time.
Have fun with Bobby Blackwolf Live next week.
We'll see you next time.
Happy TwitchCon.
Good night.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
