I don't watch a lot of movies.
I don't avoid them.
I just end up not seeing them.
Despite that, I feel like I've been continually aware of Jack Black's roles, as far back as his supporting role in Enemy of the State, to his back-to-back-to-back roles in video game movies that you, and even those that aren't in gaming culture, probably know at least two of the three.
I guess I just wanted to say that I thoroughly enjoyed Jack Black's effort, and his beard.
This is the Rose-Tinted Glasses intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about why Jack Black is relevant to gaming news.
Starting right now in the show, where every gamer has a voice...
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are back tonight, September the 8th of 2024 with episode number 1016 of our show.
We are back after a week off for the Labor Day holiday, and I was at Dragon Con, and I'm sure my co-hosts were up to no good as well.
DarkSakura
I am the best and full of energy and perky!
I'm glad to hear it, me too!
Yay, us!
Which is also a lie, but I'll get through tonight.
Well, okay, in all seriousness, I hope you feel better.
Thank you.
I'm also not feeling great.
I caught Convid, Conronavirus, what have you.
Which, you know, a lot of people are going to be like, you idiot.
That's what happens when you go to a big convention with a lot of people is you're going to be exposed to that.
My answer is, I know.
I know it's a risk, but the reality is my mental health after coming out of that convention, holy shit, I had an incredible, amazing, wonderful year.
Yeah, it sucks that I got the big C, but you'll notice my symptoms are in pretty good shape.
You left with 19 crows, you know, COVID-19.
That's right, COVID-19.
It's really only the fatigue at this point.
E3VL is asking, were you bedridden?
Not really.
I don't want to minimize it because I know it's worse for other people.
And disclaimer, I had Paxilvid, and Paxilvid started to act really fast.
So it was really just like sniffles, sore throat, the flu.
I know ironically in the beginning we weren't supposed to say it was just a flu, but with drugs and stuff and this far into things, it was very reminiscent of the flu.
Just this nasty fatigue thing going on.
And yeah, it's the weird thing about it.
Alan did not get sick.
Bobby did not get sick.
Somebody else we were hanging out with the entire time got sick.
But just kind of looking at the various discords.
I'm in a discord for digital media.
I'm in a discord for video games.
Like, overall, again, I'm not trying to minimize the risk.
I'm just saying, as I see on the stats, yeah, it's way less people than got it at 2022 and 2023.
So I'm just lucky, yay, that I got it.
Because I would say it's less than five in both of those servers.
Again, that's one small sampling of a much bigger population.
And I'm sure there's other people...
Get your shots, take precautions, do what you need to do But I'm just saying, it does seem like it's not quite the effect it was a couple years ago My friend Annie came back with it from Stuff Mom Never Told You Oh, was she at DragonCon too?
Yeah, she was Disco Luke Oh, how fun As in a specific German interview Mm-hmm, mm-hmm
and the sequined Luke Skywalker.
So, yeah.
That's fun.
Oh, I wish I'd seen them.
I don't know if she brought Winter Soldier this year.
I didn't ask, but I know Disco Luke was the big one.
SSJ100Matt says, there's been a COVID surge lately.
Yes.
So even if you didn't go, you could have gotten in at the store for 15 minutes.
So enjoy your life to the fullest.
That's where my brain is at.
Absolutely.
You know, it's just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know.
Peachy Keen Jellybean, to quote one of my friends.
Okay, I like that.
Did you have a good Labor Day weekend?
Long weekend?
Did you get a chance to work on more Minecraft videos?
Yeah, I think so.
I don't remember when I put up the last one.
Was that the week before?
I don't remember.
The time is...
Yeah, we're kicking no one down.
Yeah.
No, it's more footage from the game than I ever wish to play.
The game that you will never play.
Well, yeah, I don't know if they're ever going to bring it back.
We'll get into that in a little bit.
But I could see them retooling it and re-releasing it.
Yeah, it was, let's see, yeah, so it would have launched, it was on the 23rd that it launched.
Okay.
because I think we talked about it's really pitiful numbers that it had.
Oh, yes, we did.
We did.
We talked about that on Steam, but we didn't know how it was performing on PlayStation.
That was the whole thing.
Apparently not well.
Whoops.
So, yeah, so apparently it wasn't doing well.
It peaked.
It was around like 700 or so players on Steam and then only went down from there.
and so Sony and I guess Firewalk, I'm going to say it's more on the Sony side, decided that they're going to pull it offline.
They took it down on September 6th and essentially refunded everybody for the game.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
you know we've seen games that get taken down after a year like Babylon's Fall or something but they don't they don't get refunded because at least they were up for a year or whatever but two weeks that that would be a hard one if there were to be a class action or something behind that it is probably the shortest amount of time for a AAA game not the shortest amount of time ever though for a live service game because that was that scam game that was I think earlier this year last year so there was that one but
Well, then there was Cyberpunk, but they also didn't refund that.
And they always had the intention to bring that back.
We're pulling it to address critical things.
It was kind of a different circumstance.
Yeah, that was only on the PlayStation platform, so it wasn't on every platform.
The other one you're talking about was something, too.
It was a sequel, but it was like... I know what you're talking about.
It wasn't a sequel, or maybe it was.
Who cares?
It was a scam.
The whole thing was a scam, essentially.
Good point by Tigerclaw in chat as well is that the PC version of Cyberpunk was not affected in all of that mess.
It was only the console stuff.
So, according to a blog post that they had on, so a few days before they pulled the servers, they shared on their blog that, you know, Concord fans, we've been listening to you closely and to your feedback since launch of the Concord on PlayStation 5 and PC.
Yeah, too bad you didn't listen to us beforehand when we said that this was a terrible idea and it was going to bomb really hard, but...
You try it anyways.
Without sounding like, you know, every other cynical gamer out there, can we take a deep dive?
Let's refresh.
Why?
Why were we warning them it was going to bomb?
So a few things.
One, price point was a factor.
So it was competing against games that essentially are free to play, but it was charging a $40 price point and still monetizing like a free to play game.
FOMESTARS
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
it's fine you know and that game probably could have done a lot better if the AI thing hadn't been sandbagging it because I'm telling you that turned a lot of people off from the game and that's going to continue to turn people off I guarantee it people but anyway that's that's another Concord didn't have the AI problem so yeah Concord didn't
Didn't have the AI problem.
Just the whole draw that they were marketing it as is supposed to have interesting characters, which, to be fair, the characters felt like a knockoff of Guardians of the Galaxy.
Like, it just felt like a knockoff of it.
And so right then, you didn't have people that were interested in these characters.
They weren't interested in these lore, storyline, cinematics that you said that you were going to produce every single week.
The gameplay itself was alright, because it did have veteran developers from other games like Destiny and stuff working on that.
The problem was... Yeah, this doesn't look like I'm watching it being played behind you here.
Oh, yeah?
DarkSakura?
nothing I thought Matt still was saying something I'm sorry I have one more thing yeah so the problem was though they also had some weird like gameplay um mechanics in there as well so like for example they would have it where you couldn't play the same character over and over in certain game types which is kind of weird um
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
it's competing against Overwatch but Overwatch has interesting characters with interesting abilities whereas these characters aren't interesting and their abilities are kind of weird they're not necessarily interesting either and so that was kind of the uphill battle that they were facing and yeah I mean I think it should have been looked at a little bit closer they probably didn't think that it was going to bomb this hard though obviously if they pushed it forward
I was going to mention a minute ago, watching the gameplay behind you, this doesn't look particularly bad.
It looks like the graphics are kind of nice and it looks very fluid.
I'm going to chop up this kind of choppy frame rate I see to more what we're getting over Discord and the relay than the game itself.
Probably runs a pretty smooth 60.
But what I notice about it is that I've seen this game a lot of times.
and that's a big part of the problem when you're asking $40 for it is that it does look pretty generic.
I hate to say it.
And you know what else I think is a really like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
What is the number one reason, if you know, what is the number one reason people dislike Overwatch 2 versus Overwatch 1?
What is the number one thing they changed from Overwatch 1 to Overwatch 2 people don't like?
So much so that they're looking at doing like an experimental mode to bring this back into Overwatch 2.
Was it the 5v5 versus 4v4?
Ding, ding, ding.
It's 5v5 versus 6v6.
That's what it is.
Fair enough, E3VL.
There are other reasons too, but I see as far as the game mechanics, because E3VL mentions Battle Pass.
That's fair, because it transitions to free-to-play and so forth.
But the fact that they went from 6v6 to 5v5.
So why, if you're listening to what the community doesn't like about your competitors...
Why do you then release a 5v5 shooter when that's the thing that people don't like about Overwatch 2 versus the original Overwatch?
If they had made it a 6v6 shooter and they could have had a whole campaign around, come on back to 6v6 play.
Come on back to the most entertaining 6v6 game on the market.
You know, or things like that.
That's a stretch.
But still, you know what I'm getting at, right?
It just feels very like they really just didn't do the work
to see, and the programmers did their job, the graphic people did their job, the artists did their job, but the people who designed it didn't really do their job, in my opinion.
I mean, look at the level designs, like, they're very plain.
They're supposed to be going to all these different planets, but they all look like some industrial corridor shooter thing, which is kind of annoying.
The other thing, but yeah, like, even from the outset, when they announced it, the announcement trailer with the cinematic, which is supposed to get you hyped about it, people are just like, eh.
Nah, I'm good.
It wasn't very exciting.
I could say a good example of a game like this that did have, I think, the hype behind it just because of the trailer and what they showed gameplay-wise would have been... Oh gosh, I just had it in an...
The Finals was a good one.
Like, that one, like, I got excited about that game.
I don't want to play it, but I got it.
It was an exciting trailer.
Like, wow, that looks really cool.
Like, when I saw the cinematics for this, I'm like, wow, no, I don't want to play this.
I'll play Guardians of the Galaxy instead, but I don't want to play this.
I don't want to play this type of thing.
Now, if this was like a Guardians of the Galaxy game, where they're like, you know, like an arena shooter like that, that...
could be cool ironically Loki Mike Deft in chat mentions we have something like Marvel Rivals which would be close enough to what you're talking about coming later in the year and that game got quite the reception on their latest beta absolutely a lot of streamer pals were streaming that Marvel Rivals beta those that could get into it doesn't bode well for all that talk of you can never seem to launch something that doesn't tie in as a sequel or something with an existing IP but
Um, but it is what it is, right?
That's, that's why Marvel Rivals is kind of getting attention too, is that it's, you know, Overwatch, but Marvel.
So, um, as Joe and Hunter Matt also says, they also developed this for eight years.
Back when they started Overwatch was the hot game when shooters weren't as prevalent.
Now 5v5 hero shooters are all over the place.
Such a long dev cycle hurt this thing.
Quest Buster in chat says, I'll be honest, when I first saw the reveal trailer, I was kind of excited for what I thought was going to be a looter shooter with a Guardians-like vibe.
And then when they said 5v5 team shooter, I lost all interest.
Maybe once again, people kind of wanting a PvE element or something else in it, not getting it and deciding to do a pass.
E3VL brings up an interesting game that launched recently that's doing much different than this.
E3VL mentions Deadlock.
Deadlock Deadlock Deadlock
Technically, Deadlock is a little more MOBA vibe into it.
I don't think you can quite call it Overwatch, but there's definitely like Overwatch meets Dota.
You know, it's very, you know, kind of that whole thing is what that game is.
But again, maybe it's just the fact that, oh my God, Valve is doing a game because...
the characters in Deadlock are original characters you know and they're fine they're cool they're Valve characters it's just but it's but there's so many more people that care about Deadlock versus this game it's just interesting right but Deadlock's also free so so yeah that's the thing like a free play like I don't think this would have been a big deal if it was well first off you'd have more people playing it
if it was free to play.
I think it's just the $40 price point.
You buy into it, and it's like, oh, there's no one playing.
They should have known, though, because they had 25,000 sales from that, or even pre-orders.
They had very few pre-orders for this game.
So it's like, don't you see the writing on the wall?
Maybe delay it?
Delay a bit, and
I don't know.
Maybe they were hopeful that it would do better.
I think the $40 was the problem.
I think it was the biggest problem.
The article that should come out is that vice presidents and above at this studio were all let go this week, and the staff under them were transferred to XYZ Studio under Sony.
And this studio is no more.
That's the story I would want to see.
If the studio is going to close, that's not going to be – we all know.
We all know that's not the reality.
So if the studio doesn't close next week, I would assume that this game will be relaunched as a PlayStation Plus free thing.
And they're going to look at a different way to try to monetize it, which hopefully is a little better than what they tried.
Do not pay for those discs.
I mean, because people are saying, oh, this is a hot collector item, you'll never be able to play this game, da-da-da.
I don't think Sony writes this off completely.
I think it does come back, and essentially all those discs are going to do are ping the server to download the new game now.
It's not, you know, I guess you could always have an offline copy of it, but it doesn't do you much good when it's an offline game.
Yeah, I was going to say, technically, I don't think it does anything.
Can't play the game offline.
I don't think those discs are really worth much, so you can go track one down if you want, but yeah, I don't know about that.
Phila9 says they should add a Glenn Close cosmetic.
Boom, game fixed.
You know, you joke, but maybe it's all they have to do is put a Sony character in it.
Put Kratos in space.
I don't know.
The problem is this.
Aloy in space.
Do they have character?
Astro Bot with guns.
yeah it's I mean talk about Astro Bot you know meanwhile you've got this going on over here on the other hand Sony puts out Astro Bot this week I don't know if any of you have had a chance to check it out I haven't checked it out myself I don't know PlayStation 5 I'll play it when it comes to PC if ever
But literally game of the year, unironic game of the year discussions going on with Astro Bot right now.
It's that good, apparently.
This is the platformer Sony has always needed.
They need a mascot character.
Yeah, and honestly, the Astro Bot VR game was pretty decent.
So I'm kind of not surprised to hear this.
But I guess I am surprised how loud...
People are about, nope, Astro Bot.
This is going to be the game of the year right here.
This is it.
So it's interesting that Sony does it in the scope of two weeks.
They launched the biggest flop and what may be the biggest success story of the year.
So.
The duality of man.
SHO and Hunter Matt in chat says, Concord, California is just happy they're the best Concord this week.
Forever and always.
I don't know.
The queues are shut down.
That's right.
That was one of our little intro bumper fake things a few weeks ago.
The Concord queues are shut down.
I did get a t-shirt from there before they closed.
Oh, I'm glad.
Yes.
So I have one.
It is a bit small, though.
But, like, yeah, it is technically the last one, not to change subjects, because S.T.A.R.S.
in Vacaville does not have queues there anymore.
They have another system now, which I gotta go check out, because it looks pretty cool.
But
I don't know, I'm kind of over it.
Like, QZAR's been, like, bankrupt and out of business for, like, years.
Like, I'm surprised that there's any still around.
And even the one that Concord had was, like, it was a brand new Q system that I've never played before, so it probably wouldn't have felt the same anyways.
It's just, you know, it is what it is.
Technology gets better.
Like, everything can't be done over radio nowadays.
I mean, it's got to be Bluetooth and stuff, because that makes sense.
And, you know, you can't run off of, like...
God, those computers are so old.
DOS.
I think they ran off DOS.
Like, they were that old.
It was just an old system.
What can you do?
What can you do?
All right.
Well, let's move on.
I want to talk to, before we get to our gaming weeks, I have another little piece for our kickoff tonight, and that is to talk about something kind of big that happened in the week we weren't here.
So there was a Nintendo Direct that happened when we weren't here, and there was a lot that they announced as a part of this Direct.
I'll quickly go through and talk about some of the headlines from this.
I don't know if I'll mention everything, but there's some things that definitely caught my eye.
I don't know about y'all.
Yakuza Kiwami going to be released on the Nintendo Switch will finally come out in October Rune Factory Guardians of Azuma also coming out on the Switch as well as the Legends of Heroes Trails in the Sky that is a remake that's going to be coming out for the Nintendo Switch pretty cool this is the one I think caught lots of people's eye I'm curious DarkSakura if it caught your eye because this is up your alley Castlevania Dominus Collection
This is great that we got this because this is all the DS games Dan and I talked about it Yeah?
So we weren't really so much into the DS games Interesting, okay The thing on there that really interested us the most, especially Dan, is the remake of Haunted Castle Yes, a little bonus thrown in, yeah
We watched a little bit of it and then started discussing, you know, like what platform might we want this on or, you know, et cetera, et cetera.
It's like, well, I'd really want an arcade stick to play this with, so Switch wouldn't really work.
And, you know, we were just sort of going back and forth about it.
And I mean, yeah, I could get it on Steam.
That wouldn't be a problem.
But it was very cool.
I'll absolutely give it that.
It's...
In the cards.
It was really unexpected, actually.
I didn't think they would try to port the DS games to the modern consoles.
I think that's really exciting, honestly.
I will check this.
Obviously, I've had a pretty busy week, but this is on my radar to check out.
It is on PlayStation 5 and I believe Xbox as well, question mark.
But I'll probably pick it up on PS5 for sure because I think that'll be really fun.
Well, and the other thing, though, for us is that, I mean, in the big picture, we've got TwitchCon coming up and, you know, adulting to do.
Yes, good point.
We won't be here in two weeks because TwitchCon, so it's a FYI.
Yep, exactly.
Also, kind of out of the blue, was a game that Konami had announced a couple years ago and then it disappeared.
Suikoden 1 and 2 HD Remaster confirmed.
Not only is it coming to the Switch, we know this is multi-platform, but it was a Nintendo's event.
We finally have a date of March 6, 2025.
The game is now fully called Suikoden 1 and 2 HD Remaster Gate Dawn and Dunan Unification Wars.
you will also be able to speed up combat in the game kind of like you can in like the Final Fantasy 12 and 10 remasters they did which I think is really great and there's going to be an auto battle button so that's really cool this is fucking huge in my opinion this is why I'm like no we're going back to talk about last week I'm sorry
This Capcom Fighting Collection 2, DarkSakura, again, surely your ears must have perked up at the fact that this Capcom Fighting Collection 2 has Capcom versus SNK 1 and 2, Project Justice, hello, Street Fighter Alpha 3, and Power Stone 2.
This is incredible.
I think it also has Power Stone 1 as well, right?
Yeah, these are just some of the highlights.
I think it's got like 10 games in it.
Definitely on the agenda.
Yeah, this is... Love me some Power Stone.
It's coming out on the Switch, PS4, PC.
We'll talk about the Xbox version later.
It is coming out on Xbox, but it's delayed a little bit.
I'd honestly love to see just like a completely updated SD edition of Project Justice.
Yeah.
I think it would be beautiful.
Dark Tensia points out that Street Fighter Alpha 3 is the Naomi upgrade with more characters.
So, very cool.
Yeah, honestly, that was the...
Naomi.
Sorry, Naomi.
That was the jaw-dropping announcement of everything at this Direct for me, honestly, when they haven't even released the Marvel one yet.
I think it'd also be really fun to have Power Stone back just for those knockdown battles that we used to have over at my house on the Dreamcast.
Right?
I'm still surprised they haven't announced a new Power Stone.
Maybe this is going to be testing the waters for that?
I don't know.
well I think that's where all those polls were coming in because they were going to be doing this collection like I got the last the collection that had Red Earth in it and that one I like so this makes me happy now here's a genuine question because I don't know because I haven't seen anything in the arcades they don't Capcom doesn't do arcade ports of like their Street Fighter games anymore right?
Arcade Perfect Ports Arcade versions of their Street Fighter games Street Fighter 6 is an arcade game, right?
Yeah, they did Street Fighter 6 had an arcade release I don't ever see it in the arcade so that's why I asked I thought it was
No, it is.
It's just, I think Loki is more referring to this problem that it's arcades have nothing but ticket spitters.
You have to be at the right arcade to actually find a Street Fighter 6.
That's the problem.
But I think probably around 1, you might find one.
Well, didn't we play, like, the ones that was the test models that were at TwitchCon a couple years ago?
They had, like...
I mean, they may have been Xbox Ones with arcade stick setups.
I don't know now.
There's people in chat confirming there's arcade release.
They're in candy cabs in Japan, says Bubby Blackwolf.
Here, by the way, since we keep talking about what's in this, here's the full list of games in that Capcom Fighting Collection 2.
Capcom vs. SNK 1 and 2.
Capcom Fighting Evolution.
Street Fighter Alpha 3 Upper.
Project Justice, Power Stone 1, Power Stone 2, and Plasma Sword, Nightmare of Girl Style is also in this.
So you can play online, of course.
There's training localized in 14 languages with a museum.
This is fucking rad, honestly.
Like I don't even really get into fighting games anymore that often, but like you had me at Capcom versus SNK 2.
You had me at that.
And then Power Stone on top of that?
One and two?
Pinch me!
Anyway, also part of the Nintendo Direct.
Five Nights at Freddy's games!
I kind of didn't realize all of these weren't already on the Switch, but sure.
Help 1 and 2 is coming to Nintendo Switch, and then Security Breach is coming.
There's a lot of Five Nights at Freddy's coming out as well.
Let's see, Tales of Grace's F Remastered is coming out.
Um...
I hope I say this right.
Bellatro?
Is that the name of this game?
That card game?
Yeah.
That everybody's talking about?
I haven't played this.
I have it on Steam.
I haven't played it yet.
Is it fun?
I'm curious.
Like, a lot of people I know are kind of addicted to this.
I see Nick playing it a lot.
Nick really likes it.
I'm going to have to check this out.
But Bellatro is coming out on Switch, obviously, is what I'm talking about here.
But they're also teaming up with... Actually, I think it might already be on Switch.
The news is that they're teaming up with The Witcher 3, Vampire Survivors, and Among Us.
There's going to be themed decks with it.
I believe...
I'm crossing wires in my mind because I think they also announced this for mobile recently I think that's why my brain is going it's coming out on Switch no it's coming out on mobile and they announced the expansion stuff during the Nintendo event so I'm gonna have to check this out because everybody seems to be really into it that I know this I thought was interesting because you know I love me some Civilization Civilization 7 is coming to the Nintendo Switch at launch on February 11th 2025 and you know what that tells me
Graphics are not going to be cutting edge in this game, apparently.
Graphics aren't the most important thing.
That's right.
We don't play Civ 7 for the graphics.
It would have been nice.
But we don't play Civ 7.
You play to conquer the world.
That's why you play, right?
That's true.
That's true.
I play so I can actually be the Queen of England for a day.
Okay.
Are y'all ready for Power Wash Simulator to get Shrek DLC?
That's right.
Now you can power.
You don't just have to get out of the swamp.
Now you can power wash it.
You almost think you'd feel like, you know, because it is Shrek that you should be like spraying mud on things.
It should go the other way around, don't you think?
But you're spraying glitter or you're spraying off glitter.
So I guess that works.
Sea of Stars got a new trailer for the Throws of the Watchmaker DLC.
I know some of you folks love your Sea of Stars.
I get it.
So that DLC is coming soon.
Also in the coming soon department, the Dragon Quest 3 HD 2D remake.
That is being released on November 14th.
That is very exciting as well.
And then Goat Simulator 3 was shadow dropped on Switch.
So if you don't have Goat Simulator 3 yet, you can check that out on the Switch.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
They let Tetris and the 40th anniversary of Tetris be the lead with this.
But in celebration of the 40th year anniversary of Tetris, there is a Goldmaster collection from Digital Eclipse coming out.
It's going to include something called Tetris Time Warp because Digital Eclipse likes to do these kind of modern takes on the games in the Gold series.
There's an interactive museum where you can play
The original Famicom version of Tetris, which is not the same as the Nintendo version of Tetris.
They announced that that will be coming as the Nintendo Switch Online, which actually surprised me that they had the rights to be able to do that.
So that was very cool, honestly.
Super Bomb Bliss, Super Tetris 2 and Bomb Bliss, Tetris Battle Gaiden, and Super Tetris 3.
And of course, everybody was asking, where's the Grandmaster?
Well, Arcade Archives and Hamster, whoever puts that out, has the rights to that.
You can get that on the Switch right now if you want.
But these are the games that are going to make up this.
And the Gold Master Series from Digital Clips, if you are a gaming history, you like that type of stuff, if you believe in game preservation stuff...
It's the gold standard.
It's not an ironic name.
It is the gold standard of how to fucking preserve games.
So I will be getting this as soon as it comes out.
And it also has Hatris, which is awesome.
Does it have Hatris?
It does have Hatris.
Does it have Wordtris and Facetris and Weltris?
No, just Hatris.
Okay, that's fine.
Blastress, which is the coolest to say.
Bobby Blackwolf points out you also get the literal original computer version on the Russian computer, the Electronica 60.
I think that's pretty cool.
I think they had to remake it.
I don't think it's like an emulator for the Electronica 60, but close enough.
Oh, I love that Tetris time warp thing.
Have you seen that?
I have.
Yeah, it looks really cool, huh?
The ASCII stuff.
That's awesome.
Yep, yep.
Well, that's the original Tetris, of course.
So anyway, it does not include, unfortunately, VOG Network's own Bobby Blackwolf contributed to a game in the 90s called Acid Tris.
Was it Acid Tris or Acid Tetris?
One of the two.
Acid Tetris is not a part of this collection, so I'm sorry you'll have to stick to... It's too cool for that collection.
I hear the composer would not license the rights to the music.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
I'm starting rumors.
They didn't ask.
It's available on the Internet Archive, though, at least for now, if you want to check that out.
Another shadow drop of a game called Pizza Tower that looks like it's very Wario Land-esque.
If you love yourself some Metal Slug and you love yourself some tactical games, guess what?
Metal Slug Tactics
Fall of 2024.
Oh boy, oh boy.
And then, let's see, one more.
Shovel Knight, Shovel of Hope Deluxe coming out in 2025.
A recent classic game.
That's right.
Very recent.
It's almost like you read their mind.
You didn't, but it's almost like you did.
How dare they read my mind?
There's more stuff they announced too, but that was kind of the tip of the iceberg.
You're not going to talk about Coffee Talk Tokyo?
Coffee Talk.
Coffee Talk Tokyo.
No, I apparently missed that one.
Come by us in Shibuya.
We'll talk.
There you go.
Now I'm verklempt.
Here's the topic.
Shibuya.
Neither a shoe nor booyah.
Discuss.
By the way, DarkSakura, I did not see disco.
I did see full cosplay.
I saw a full-on Linda Richmond in cosplay with the sweater, the wig, big glasses, and was carrying around a little picture.
It was either like a Barbara vinyl or was carrying around like a photo of Barbara.
And I was like, that's the best cosplay I'll see the whole fucking convention right there.
That's great.
Someone should have been Madonna as her friend.
Could you imagine?
I'm telling you, the cosplay at DragonCon, next level.
I'll talk more about DragonCon in this next segment, but I will say this.
The one and only Mr. Alan Alchemy, my husband, has asked that he will not go to DragonCon next year.
He likes it, but it's just a little too... For his introversion senses, he's a little too... But...
Who is going to come next year, confirmed, because the minute she heard that Alan wasn't going, she was like, maybe I want to come.
I do want to come, actually.
Victoria, or Arya Snark, my old pal from Shaking and Crying, who by the way is a cosplay queen all her own.
She's known in some of those Disney circles like D23 and stuff.
So I'm really hoping she brings some of her Disney stuff to DragonCon.
So look for it.
She has bought her membership.
So this is not like a DragonCon 2025.
We will be shaking and crying in person.
Believe it.
So check that out.
All right.
Let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of video games we have been playing this week.
So DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I played, of course, some Dead by Daylight.
I played some Palia.
I have the casting of Frank Stone, which does look like I'll be able to play it tonight.
I did just a little bit of it to test the game.
And what else did I do?
Why not now?
Okay, I went to see Sterlok, who was visiting, and I drove quite a bit to go talk, and we went to a pub and had a great meal, and his mom is a total Disney nerd and an absolute trip, and I adore his folks.
They're so nice.
I would have gone too if I didn't have Convid.
it was really great to finally get to hang out in person and just have great conversations and I'd like to say that he is as kind and personable in person as he is over texts and chats and things and I had a great time and as it worked out because I had no idea where this place was originally because I don't know California geography super great
um I ended up uh since I had to go through Petaluma um I went back and saw Susan who is one of as we call it the OG Jew crew out here um me and my friends from synagogue um and so we hung out for a while and went to
The Death Star was so good.
We got a dark ale that was called The Death Star and it was amazing.
It would give Guinness a run for its money.
Yeah, The Death Star was amazing.
But I stopped by in South Susan and we went to a cafe.
I came back with so many leftovers because my stomach was just a wreck yesterday.
um but um it was it was overall you know I had a great time it was good catching up with Susan because it's been a couple years but really a lot of fun uh hanging out with Sturlock we had I think a marvelous time and I I'm looking forward to doing it again um on the next visit and maybe spending a little bit more time so a great absolute great time nice
Love to hear it.
Love to hear friends of the show meeting IRL.
That's great.
All right.
Let's move on to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
It was mostly Minecraft and editing, that type of stuff.
Actually, I think it was mostly editing.
I did put out an episode earlier this week off of this spin-off SMP that I was playing on with some of the other members from our SMP and...
Some, I think, from other things, Orthoblox and whatnot.
And so it was kind of like a survival challenge thing where the whole world was frozen.
And so I played a Mr. Freeze character in that.
And so I've been kind of having fun grinding through that, but I've kind of run out of things to do in it.
So I put out a episode that covers...
very fast everything that I did in it and then add some story that can integrate into the channel 64 stuff as well that's fun we did some like animation stuff in there as well and yeah it bombed no one watched it yay keep keep
Put that link in chat.
Get some more clicks from chat right now.
So, there you go.
Alright, we gotta get more eyes on Loki's stuff.
Somebody, somebody, one of these days, the right person's gonna see it.
Keep at it.
Yep.
All right.
Long after I'm gone.
Stop.
All right.
Well, we're going to come back to you in Minecraft in just a minute because boy, do I have a question for you.
But meanwhile, let's go to my gaming week.
So most of my games this week, you know, Final Fantasy 14.
I got my dancer to level 100 max level 70 PS and a little bit Diablo 4 as well.
DragonCon
and Manny Jacinto from The Good Place who also plays a key character in Star Wars Acolyte and asked these questions and banter back and forth with.
It was really wild and really an honor and delight so I really truly thank DragonCon for trusting me to do it and I had a good time.
So I'll talk a little more in depth about those panels.
I got to do one for...
Yes, Bobby Blackwolf says Giancarlo Esposito erasure.
No, Natasha Lou Bordizzo also very lovely.
They were all great.
Just we'll talk more about it on an upcoming show.
So Star Trek Lower Decks, probably the funniest fucking panel I've ever done in my entire life, was so good.
We'll talk about that as well.
But from the gaming front, I got to do a couple of panels.
So the very first panel of my convention, well...
I did a meetup Thursday night.
So VOG Network actually hosted on the digital media track a cool little meetup, which was just like a meet and greet.
And we had like icebreaker topics that would rotate on the board.
Like what's a promo that you like to use to promote yourself?
What's a key piece of software you use?
So we kind of, you know, we're able to meet some people.
I would say I made some really good connections.
If anybody from Thursday night's meetup is out there listening tonight, hello and welcome and thank you for being here.
That was really cool.
We want to do that again next year.
We didn't have a lot of notice this year, so we're going to do it next year with some more notice and try to bring in some more people because we had a lot of fun.
Worked with a TikToker who had millions of views when they were viral, so it's kind of interesting to hear about their experience about all that.
Yeah, it was very cool.
But my first actual panel that I did was Friday morning.
And so I had a ballroom panel, which was an hour with Amelia Gotham.
And she is a voice actress.
And we're going to talk about this term in a little bit.
But for the game she worked with, it was just voice acting.
I say just, but it's important.
She is best known as Princess Mipha.
Nice.
Yeah, she was that in the... I almost said the link to the past.
Sorry.
I've got a little bit of the brain thing going on with everything that's happened this week.
Breath of the Wild.
She played Princess Mipha in a very key couple of scenes in that game.
And then they actually kind of ended up expanding on the character in the action-y Zelda game.
God damn it.
Sorry, my brain is...
Age of Calamity Age of Calamity
that you know so she was still part of that so we got to do a nice panel and she she has done other video games she actually has a Final Fantasy 13 Lightning Returns is actually an early credit on her resume I think she did Moogle voices in that game she's additional voices credit but I think she was a lot of the Moogles in that game so she she did some other cool little stuff so she had a ballroom for her panel and I gotta say I was I was really bummed for her that only eight people showed up for the panel and
So, you know, but, you know, and this happens sometimes.
And sometimes because it's early morning or because I think what happened in this case, this panel was not added to the schedule until late.
So it did not make the printed programs.
It was only in the app.
And, you know, especially Friday, right when the whole thing is really getting underway for a lot of people, I just think it was just an unfortunate sort of arithmetic of issues that caused
People Do Not Really Turn Up.
It also was not in the usual video game spot, which I think was a key issue too.
Most of the video game panels are at the Westin.
This one was over at the Hyatt.
And I think that does make a difference when your fans are kind of spread out a little bit.
So it is what it is.
And I had kind of joked with her before when we had a sense that there might not be a lot of people that turn up.
I said, you know what?
We do the same show, whether it's two people or 200 people.
And she said, I like that.
That's the sign of a professional.
and I appreciated her saying that and you know what we did we had a really long I wish we'd recorded it you know going back hindsight 2020 um I if I'd known it wasn't going to be recorded by Dragon Con I would have brought a recorder because it was really lovely just to have an in-depth chat with her because sure we talked plenty about Zelda and her character and that and what all went into that scene but with the time allotted we were able to really go in depth about
Her acting background, she's actually from theater, as you will find a lot of voice actors come from that background.
They are not just voice actors, they are actors.
If I may interject, something that Neil Newborn has been quoted saying is that it's not voice acting, it's acting.
We're going to come back to that because that got brought up live.
But I'll get to that in a minute.
Anyway, with Amelia, I got to talk to her about that.
And we got to talk about inspiration.
And the audience got to ask a couple questions.
They didn't have a lot because there wasn't that many of them, but they got to ask basically whatever they wanted.
And one of the guys was asking about who were...
Who was the coolest celebrity you ever met?
I thought that was neat.
And her answer was actually John Waters.
And it took everything within me to not say... And this is me doing good because we're not supposed to make the panels about ourselves.
Which, yes, this is hard for me to do because in this, yes, I do get to talk about myself.
But it took everything within me to not jump in and go...
I met John Waters too, and I love him, you know?
So I had to be like, oh, how, you know, so we had to ask this question.
And then when it was over, I told her, I said, oh my God, when you brought up John Waters, I love him.
You know, we kind of got to talk about that.
So she was just really cool.
I just liked her as a person.
She's really down to earth, as a lot of these folks are.
And I thought we were able to have a great conversation.
And it really is going to be the biggest crime of DragonCon that that was not recorded.
And so 10 people in that room,
Got a very special thing that will never be repeated.
I'm very sorry to say.
But Amelia Gotham, lovely, lovely human.
And I really wish her much success.
I hope she shows up in future Nintendo games and whatever stuff.
I hope her career goes very well because I thought she was very lovely.
Also did a panel.
Okay, so the other gaming-related panel.
So Saturday morning, right after the parade, was my Baldur's Gate 3...
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
was her girlfriend there?
yes her girlfriend was there and I actually rearranged the name tags before we started so they could sit next to each other because I was like that's not going to work let me just tell you those two are madly in love madly in love you can see it it was radiating from the stage here's the reality of the way these conventions work
Yes, I moderated the panel.
That does not mean I like hung out with them or spent a lot of extended time with them because the reality is they're making money while they're at con.
When they're at a panel, they're not making money.
So they have to clear out the lines for their table, hold the line, get them away from the table.
and there was a whole other complication because the DragonCon parade happened Saturday morning.
So it took them some time.
They walked into the Westin right in the there's little backstage areas where they come in.
They came in like one minute before the panel was supposed to start.
So I really just got to say, hello, hello, verify some of the pronunciations.
Like Jennifer's girlfriend, Iona, she actually asked me, she said, do you know how to pronounce my name?
Which I actually appreciate.
I don't want to fuck that up on stage, right?
I want to get it right.
Anyway, I also want to mention Theo, who plays Will, who was actually one of my favorite characters in the game, was also there as well.
So it was a really good...
a mix of the cast that was there.
And I got to say, like for an hour, it really felt like there was just like this family reunion going on.
You feel how close knit this group is.
And I really just felt like I got to like peek into that just for an hour and ask these questions.
Well, one of the questions that came up, so I had Neil sitting next to me.
Y'all, I had Neil sitting next to me.
I'm full of hatred right now.
I'm not gonna lie, you should.
And this is one of those things where it's like, I'm just, like, pinch me.
That period happened, period.
But, you know, I'm a professional, and I would never let Neil know that he's a very, very, very handsome man.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DragonCon
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I fucking loved it because if the audience was targeting certain people with questions, which is what happens, right?
When you get a lineup, you know, and the lineup I just mentioned, you can imagine there were one or two people on that panel that were getting more questions than others.
But what I could do is then, aha, here's a question from Discord and I'm going to throw this at somebody who's not getting a lot of questions.
And I love that as a moderator to be able to do that.
And I will say,
and DarkSakura.com.
You're welcome.
Like, yeah, I wanted to make sure everybody had a say, right?
So that was really cool.
But one of the questions that came in on Discord was, I have a question as an aspiring voice actor.
And that's where Neil said, wait, wait, wait, hold on, hold on.
Actors, Actors, Actors
so just call us actors and I said okay we can do that and then I read the rest of the question which really was about voice acting tips and I think it was Dev who piped in and said well now Neil the question really was about voice acting now wasn't it so I did so it kind of took a little bit of the heat off of me as the moderator because I was just kind of but I'm really glad that topic did come up because yes especially it is interesting a game like
Zelda Breath of the Wild which may have done mocap in Japan but certainly not with what Amelia did um she really was just doing voice acting not to diminish her talents she's fantastic and and all but it is a like that was voice acting and what the Baldur's Gate folks did was acting they had the mocap suits they did that and so it is something we need to be aware of these days and uh um
Uh, folks who want to get into voice acting need to be prepared to get into acting.
Yeah.
Um, going to some comments in chat.
Uh, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says the Red Dead Redemption 2 panelists did the same and used performance actor as their preferred term a few years back.
That's the term I started to lobby thinking they would say the same thing, but no, it actually wasn't that.
So there was, there was that.
Um,
and by the way I gave the feedback to the appropriate channels at DragonCon and in future years you should no longer see things labeled just voice actor so it is so yay it's just that's just a relic of the past because again 20 years ago before we had uh that type of motion cap acting it really was nothing but voice acting so it is what it is we got it um
DJ Ranma S in chat says, most voice actors I know would prefer you to call them voice actors.
But Ranma, I'm going to guess that's because you come from an anime background, an anime jam session, and they're not doing anything but voice for anime because it's animated, right?
So I think maybe it is a good policy to ask, what do you prefer to be credited as?
Actor, performance actor, voice?
Voice Actor.
We're going to need to ask that question as moderators and people that put on panels, and I fully plan to do so.
DW Wreckage in chat says, that's a great system for Q&A.
100% agree.
I want all the QA to be like that in the future.
I really hope DragonCon adopts that as the new standard, to be quite honest.
So, yeah.
Let's see.
Questbuster in chat says, I did everything I could to redeem Astarion, such a fantastic character, and Neil was a huge part.
All the characters in Baldur's Gate were really amazing, and the actors did such a great job bringing them to life.
100%.
That was just such a fun panel.
And, you know, as moderators and essentially as a DragonCon volunteer...
I love it.
I love it.
Yes, I do.
Thank you.
And so, and this is from my Instagram, so I'm sorry to show a picture of a picture, but there it is.
Nice.
That's awesome.
You're muted.
No.
Sorry.
Sorry.
When I was holding up the thing, I brushed the mute button.
Sorry.
But that happened.
That was just really fucking cool that that happened.
It was just a loss of words.
Yeah, it was.
It was just a loss of words for how amazing that whole experience was.
Well, you've beclumped.
I was.
I was.
Talk amongst yourselves.
I'll give you a topic.
I'll give you a topic.
That selfie was neither self nor e. Discuss.
Baldur's Gate.
Neither bald nor a gate.
Discuss.
All right.
And then one other panel I did.
ZELDA, JAPANESE COMPANY
Baldur's Gate, European Company.
So they were not subject to the same thing that Mass Effect was, which was the voice actor roundup.
So I got to do a cool little panel.
Bobby did the same panel on a different day with an extra.
So Saren, Fred who played Saren was also on Bobby's panel.
He was not on mine because he didn't get to the convention until Saturday.
But it was Courtney Taylor who plays Jack, Ash who plays...
Tali, and Mark Muir, of course, who plays Mail Shepherd.
We're all on this panel.
And I was actually very thankful to Courtney because she actually offered backstage.
Again, we don't get a lot of time to talk backstage, but I let them know.
I said, hey, I'm aware of what's going on with the strike.
And Courtney was kind of like, well, we can talk about it.
We just can't advertise it as Mass Effect.
She's like, do you want me to talk about it?
And I was like, yes, actually, I would fucking love that.
So I didn't use that word.
But, you know, yes, I would love that.
I'm sure my expression showed it.
So we actually started and Cordy was able to give a nice, long, deep dive about why the strike is important and why these AI protections are important.
And if we don't fight for these AI protections with voice actors, it's going to come for other industries as well.
So voice actors and actors are really at the forefront of these types of protections because it's coming for every industry.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
So she did a great job explaining that.
Now I, so somewhere along the, I was told when I started that we were not to talk about Mass Effect.
And so I fielded all the questions and we had a great discussion.
We had a great hour where I did not bring up Mass Effect at all.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I took about voice acting, other projects, other, you know, elements.
You know, there was a lot of like D&D related things, you know, just a lot of other like random questions.
I thought we still had a great discussion.
And to be quite honest, how old is Mass Effect at this point?
You know, we are all still drawn to this game because it's so good.
But I think... Except Rob.
What?
There was that trailer for the fifth Mass Effect.
Yeah, but we don't have confirmation any of these actors are in it.
We do know that Liara's voice actor is in it.
Jennifer Hale has signed up for it.
There's a few of them.
Yeah, that's fair.
That's fair.
But neither of those individuals are in the room.
And plus, you have to be very careful talking about future projects.
As a moderator, I usually filter the future project questions out just because it's a slippery slope.
But you were bringing up relevance.
Yeah.
No, and I want to be careful using that because obviously Mass Effect has diehard fans till the end.
I'm one of them, you know, and there's plenty of them at DragonCon that still dress up.
But I'm just like, I'm more thinking of the whole like, I think about like actors that were on Star Trek The Next Generation who are also at DragonCon.
How many fucking years can you talk about Star Trek The Next Generation without wanting to talk about something else?
That's the person who went on the Star Trek cruise.
No, I know, but I love it when they don't talk about Star Trek, quite honestly.
I love to hear about their other passions.
Last year's strike year was actually some of the best panels that ever happened at DragonCon because they had to talk about something else.
It was great.
But that is a personal opinion.
Not everybody feels the same way.
So, you know, we mix it up.
The best panels mix it up a little bit.
So anyway, I went really long on the DragonCon.
We'll talk more about other panels too, but those are the gaming-related ones.
I had a great time.
I'll be going back to DragonCon next year.
What panels I get to do, that's on DragonCon, but I really, really, really hope I'm asked to do some of the big fun ones again because I had a great time.
on my personal list.
So not that I have anything to do with who gets booked for DragonCon, but I'm curious.
Let's assume everybody here, you all are capable of moderating panels at a convention, and if you haven't yet, you'll do it someday.
Who would be your dream video game-related panel?
Because I'll tell you mine in a heartbeat, the panel I want to do.
But I'm curious, what video game panel would you want to moderate?
Loki?
What video game panel would you want to monitor?
What panel?
I don't know.
I would think... What would be a property I'd be really excited about?
I mean, Minecraft stuff, but not necessarily.
I'm trying to think of TV stuff that would be fun.
Yeah, I'd see my...
Yeah, like, I would say, like, probably Minecraft is what I'm most familiar with, but, like, even, like, entertainment-wise, I would say something like, um, like, any of the Marvel panels would be fun, or even, like, the boys.
Yeah, they had that, yeah.
Anthony Starr is, you know, he'd be a lot of fun, and, um, uh, I'm trying to think what else.
Alright, well, let me go to DarkSakura.
What would be your dream panel, DarkSakura?
I'd probably want to do something with, like, the early days of Compile.
Ooh, you're like, okay.
Okay, I like that.
Going, like, video game history panels.
Heck yeah.
I've got a list of people that I would love to just have on the show in general.
But, you know me, I go for the classic stuff or, like, the super technical stuff.
Like, I would, you know, want to do a focus on, like, say, mocap.
or something that's like a panel of people who do this event who may not necessarily be in the same game you know so something that's a little bit more peel back the layers of this aspect of the industry or about sound designers have like Koji Kondo or Uematsu or you know yeah it's about it's sound one would be good
I was going to say, too bad it's a dead series now, but like the Saints Row people would have been fun.
Like back when we're talking like back in the original first or third games.
sometimes they'll do like a 10th anniversary just because the game has got like the original Mortal Kombat mocap folks were on a panel with Bobby last year so you know the brothers that did like half the cast were these two brothers they were on a panel with Bobby last year so sometimes they do that stuff like a reunion type of panel it's possible okay so mine across all mediums anything not just games Tim Curry
I mean, come on, how can I not say Tim Curry?
That's it.
While we still can't, I believe he still does Q&A and that type of stuff, but, you know, obviously, since the stroke, he's a little more limited in mobility, but I would love to see him do that.
He's someone I would just want to have tea with, Rob.
Right, right.
But in video games specifically... For our birthday.
In video games specifically, Ben Starr.
I want the Ben Starr panel.
I want the chaotic energy that Ben Starr would bring to DragonCon.
And quite frankly, I'm surprised he wasn't at this DragonCon.
But maybe he's working on a project or something.
But that's the panel I want.
That or...
Jonathan Bailey who is in Final Fantasy 14 as Grahatia but he's done he's in a lot of stuff now he's in he's gonna be in Wicked he's in damn it there's some other my brain is is frying a little bit so yeah that would that would be like how about a panel with both of them and Gideon Emery will be a Final Fantasy voice acting panel we'll just do that
I would want him for Dragon Age stuff.
Oh.
They've had Dragon Age folks.
Well, a lot of the people that do Mass Effect also do Dragon Age.
So, yeah.
Anyway, all right.
That's enough about Khan.
Please look forward to next year in just under 360 days.
All right.
Now, looking forward a little bit, let's talk about this.
Loki, I've been dying for the last few days to ask you, our resident Minecraft fan, about a little something that hit the internet this week.
Could you please tell us about it and your thoughts?
well I mean so we knew this was coming and we've seen like leaks of images so it wasn't a complete shock but the Minecraft movie teaser trailer has finally been released it was like a minute or so of the movie it's a live action and CG movie which from the outset like when I heard about this like years ago
I don't think that's a bad idea.
It should be fully animated like the Lego movie or something like that.
I hear there's good writers on it.
I want to say it was the guy that did the Napoleon Dynamite and Nacho Libre movies as well as I think they even have some folks that worked on the Lego movie in there as well.
But the trailer just sends the wrong vibes I think.
One, it looks...
The live action folks look very out of place in the actual shots.
I don't know if that's intentional or not, but it looks cheap.
And what's weird is I've seen... I mean, there's been...
So many Minecraft movies or little fan things that people have done, which is why they're calling it a Minecraft movie, not the Minecraft movie, because I think that's kind of the whole celebrating that there are a lot of folks out there that create content that are fans of it, and this is just a take from that.
My problem with it is there's a lot of things.
There are some issues with it.
So technically, just with the trailer, from the outset, all of the characters in the trailer don't seem to be interested to be in the scenarios that they are.
So for example, all of the reactions from the characters to the environment and the people inside of this are just annoyed, which...
That's not how you sell a movie.
You have to sell excitement.
You don't go, ugh, ugh, why am I, ugh, what is that?
Ugh, yo, this guy's stupid.
Ugh, like, what?
You can't sell a movie like that.
That's just stupid.
Like, why would you market a movie like that?
Outside of that, like, I have so many nitpicks, like, the technical points of it, because, you know, I play Minecraft, and I play modded Minecraft as well.
Like, the movie itself, um...
It's hard to take Minecraft and make it realistic in the first place.
Minecraft blocks are supposed to be a square meter in size, which is huge, obviously.
It doesn't make sense to be a square meter for... These kids would have to be hoisted up on the environment.
So I guess there are some creative liberties taken there.
But the size proportions are all over the place.
So you have...
Blocks that look to be about two feet square, which is fine.
Then you have the actual items that drop that are like the size of a Rubik's Cube or even smaller than that, which is just really weird.
You have things that are in this movie that are clearly not Minecraft.
You have spinning windmills.
That's not a thing that's in vanilla Minecraft.
Like, there's not that type of movement in the game.
What if it's a secret announcement, like the Wizard and Mario 3?
It is not, come on.
It's not.
The other thing too is there's a lot of focus on the piglins in this, which...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Um, which is awful because Legends was awful and that's why it's not a game anymore.
Don't make that based around that storyline because it's, I mean, the Penguins are okay, but there's a lot of other things out there.
There's not going to be the end or the end of Dragon in this movie already.
Um, and like the rest of it, I just don't understand it.
Like Jason Momoa, why are you dressed like that?
Like, what's the point of that?
and Jack Black as Steve.
Jack Black is very excited about this role.
He's a big fan of Minecraft.
But they literally threw a blue shirt on Jack Black.
They didn't do anything to Jack Black to make him look more like the character.
They didn't do anything with it.
At the very least, it should have been animated.
Funny enough, there have been already people that have animated the whole trailer in Minecraft.
And guess what?
It looks better.
It's just... It's silly.
Yeah, I saw that in our Discord.
TigerCloud made that up.
I mean, I'm still gonna see it day one.
I am still interested to see what it is, and I don't think you can really understand the storyline with it from just a teaser trailer, but everything that they've done so far, just the vibe of that, saying, oh, well, like, all the characters are annoyed, they're like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and then there's the art style which I
I don't know what that is.
They didn't commit either way.
And it's so funny that the guy that folks working on the movie said they didn't want it to be like Sonic the Hedgehog with the CGI.
And yet the first thing you see is a character that looks like the original Sonic.
It's like...
Why?
Why did you do that?
Like, you didn't have to do that.
They don't have to have human teeth.
Why did you do that?
I don't have the same horse in the race where, like, I don't have the same feelings about Minecraft.
I haven't invested as much in it or whatever.
But I will just say that those, the llama and the pig or whatever that was, the animals, those are the things of nightmares.
Llama and the sheep?
Those are the things with nightmares.
The sheep looks bad.
The llama looks okay.
The wolf looks good.
The piglins look good.
The ghasts, creepy, but they're always creepy.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I'm going to laugh if this is a Ni No Kuni situation and the movie is actually really good, but had the trailer done by a crappy studio.
Everybody, please note the date and time.
Bobby finally admitted that Ni No Kuni is a good game.
He did it in a roundabout way, but he finally fucking did it.
We got there.
We did it.
Mission accomplished.
Got him!
No, I mean, seriously though, I am excited to see the movie.
I'm not excited that the same large content creators are the ones being showcased in these movies, but that's neither here nor there.
I just think that in general, if you're marketing a movie, it's best not to market it in a way that makes it seem like this movie's lame.
Like, don't have your characters going, ugh, I don't want to be here.
What about this, Loki?
Because there's a lot of people in chat that are bringing up the point about, you know, and I think Kotaku ran a whole article on this too, about how the movie is for kids, right?
You know, like, if you were a kid, you're probably going to view this movie in a different way.
Now, I know you have kids, but maybe I would actually say your kids are probably actually a little too old.
Yeah, they're more in that tween age.
Right, but I play Minecraft still.
I play it every single day.
Like, it's not like... And I understand... Like, why dismiss my opinion, like, in general, like Kotaku or whoever, why dismiss my opinion, you know, my nitpicks about the movie?
I think they are very valid in the sense of, like, you know...
it's you know thankfully it's not you know any like sort of like targeting gender or anything like that but we're talking like we're talking about like technical like stuff in the in the actual trailer and an adult ticket is worth more money than a child ticket exactly and well and on top of that I'm not saying that like what you're saying if you make the argument well it's targeted towards children so what you're saying that argument right there says that
We didn't invest the time to make this story good.
We just, you know, we put a little bit of effort into it.
There's just a threadbare storyline that
An Idiot Child Can Follow.
And we made sure to just have cameos of things on there because their simple minds can't understand more complex things.
Mind you that us, we grew up back in the 80s when there was a lot of
movies that just had storylines and the movies were out to scar us all remember like Return to Oz or the Never Ending Story Swamp Scene or Return to like there's so many movies that were out to like literally Gremlins that wasn't a kids movie Poltergeist
Gremlins was never a kids movie Gremlins was written for adults but they're so cute I don't think that it's fair one, you should never just dismiss your audience because they're like, well it's not targeted towards you
Well, I didn't hear no baby shark in there, and I didn't see no, like, Counteen and, you know, the... It wasn't the Teletubbies, it was Jason Momoa.
You know, if we really want to target those children, let's put all that garbage.
Where's Spider-Man or Elsa in that trailer?
Where's Skibbity Toilet?
Where's Skibbity Toilet?
Exactly.
Well, that's coming later on, you know.
And...
There you go.
Perfect example.
Michael Bay, is he targeting children for the Skivity Toilet movie?
I think not.
Like, why would you even, you know, it's an excuse is what it is.
It's an excuse.
And unfortunately, here's the thing, and I will try to wrap this up.
Here's the thing.
Mojang
and their audience.
They've had some struggles recently with capturing what the audience actually wants them to, you know, in a game that they're designing.
They go on some tangents that are just kind of out there and don't really make any sense.
And unfortunately, like, this trailer does look like it is a live action thing that they filmed for...
They're like Minecraft Live stuff.
Like, it's very cheap.
Funny enough, I think those actually look better.
Like, it's very, you know, obvious green screen, all that stuff.
But that's to say, this could also be a stylistic choice.
It could have a good story.
We don't know until we go into it.
I just hope it's not like something like the Borderlands movie where it was very threadbare and it was just rushed.
And so...
I mean, this has been in development for over a decade.
Lots of people have touched it.
So hopefully it's good.
So they don't want anything to fail, but if they don't listen to their audience and just run straight forward with whatever garbage they think that we want to see without actually listening to their audience, then you could end up with, you know, the Sonic the Hedgehog movie without the fixes.
Well, we'll find out in April when this movie comes out.
But Loki, I must say, I was expecting a lot more yelling.
Oh, one more thing.
The Sonic the Hedgehog 3 trailer came out as well.
A perfect example right there.
There is something, hey, that's weird, it's targeted towards kids.
And guess what?
The story's not bad.
And guess what?
It has interesting characters.
And the CGI doesn't look like total trash.
That's so weird that you can make a movie like that that actually respects the audience and everybody that's in there.
Because guess what?
People that played Sonic the Hedgehog, that game came out decades ago.
Do you think maybe some of the adults would want to see that as well?
Minecraft has come out over several decades ago.
I mean, 15 years, I guess.
So 15 years ago, it came out.
There's a lot of people that are grown adults now.
Do you really think that they don't deserve a good Minecraft movie?
Like, come on.
Don't make excuses for them.
Dear movie writers, go back and watch Rocky and Bullwinkle.
The end.
Alright.
Well, we're going to move on and talk about other types of movies on YouTube.
And Nintendo sometimes gets involved with their own policies.
You might remember some time ago they had a whole program where they were going to demonetize.
Well, that's all long gone.
But they have announced some new guidelines for folks that are going to be making YouTubes.
And they are as follows.
You are not allowed to do, quote,
content containing actions that may be considered to impair the gameplay experience in multiplayer and modes.
That behavior is now banned.
And Nintendo reserves the right to no longer allow the use of Nintendo game content if violations are found.
Those are the two big changes this time around.
But honestly, like, I gotta be honest.
I look at this and I go, okay, so Nintendo doesn't want you doing these, like, multiplayer trolling things in their games.
Like, I actually...
I can't sit here and go, that's unreasonable.
I hate that.
There's going to be a certain audience on YouTube that does say, that's not fair.
You're taking away our freedom of speech and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Well, you're free to do whatever pranks you want.
Nintendo just doesn't want their products associated with it.
And until YouTube changes their guidelines, which I don't think they're going to until copyright law changes, you're going to have to sit and spin.
They're going to claim parody.
Yeah.
Well, can it...
Then the question's going to be, and it depends how far Nintendo's lawyers want to take this, and Nintendo's lawyers often want to take... Although, I don't know.
You get into property rights.
I've given up on PAL World and that whole thing.
I thought for sure we would have seen something Nintendo happen with that now, but apparently...
Maybe it is enough percentage of parody where Nintendo has realized they can't do anything about it.
I don't know.
But I can say that YouTube copyright strikes do not often side with the creator, but they side with the copyright holder.
And if Nintendo decides to make your YouTube channels life hell, they can make it happen.
Whether you call it this or that.
And if you're trolling people in Nintendo games, I can see where they're like, you know what, we don't want our brand associated with that.
What this tells me, there's somebody they want to go after.
and they're gonna soon so if that is your uh if that is your MMO is uh you know MO or whatever is making uh trolly your MMO sorry uh obviously my brain sucks today if your MO is making um trolly Nintendo things then just you know look out
Also, if you're making that kind of content now, what year is it, really?
Come on, guys.
Grow the fuck up.
That's some pretty weak content right there.
Yeah, yeah.
And I also kind of go, well, how can you troll people in Nintendo games?
That would mean that it has to have robust online support.
Yeah, I mean, the handful of games that probably have that.
Yeah.
Anyway.
TigerClaw says, I'm sure Nintendo will go after YouTubers having Nintendo characters doing and saying inappropriate things.
Oh, I'm sure.
I'm sure.
Absolutely.
All right.
Well, moving on.
DarkSakura.
Well, I have some opinions about this, but I'm overall kind of happy about it.
SNK announced ACA Neo Geo Selection Volume 1 and Volume 2 for Switch, both to be released on December 12th in Japan for 5,940 yen each.
So about 50 bucks around there.
They will have 10 games that were also previously released digitally as ACA Neo Geo titles.
The orders are up on Amazon Japan and by camera as well.
The titles in the first one are Baseball Stars Professional, Fatal Fury 2, or Garou Densetsu 2.
Ghost Pilots, Metal Slug 4, Mutation Nation, Neo Turf Masters, Samurai Shodown, or Samurai Spirits Shock Troopers, Second Squad, Sticks Winner 2, King of Fighters 95 and then the second one is Alpha Mission 2, Garou, Mark of the Wolves Metal Slug X, Riding Hero, Samurai Shodown 5, Savage Rain, Shock Troopers, King of Fighters 94 Top Hunter, Roddy and Kathy, and Top Players Golf
Why can't you just take the good ones and put them on one game?
of course that's subjective but I mean it's a really good collection I mean the the ones in there that I'm I would say most interested in um I mean I've got a bajillion copies of Summer Showdown I have it on Neo Geo but Summer Showdown 5 would be fun to have as well as the Metal Slug games um I've got Garou Mark of the Wolves on Dreamcast um but that would also be fun
I'm a little disappointed to not see either of the Last Blade titles in here I love Last Blade
but I mean Shock Troopers in there as well I mean I freaking love Shock Troopers and the King of Fighters games although why King of Fighters 2000 isn't in there because that is like I'd say probably among the best of the King of Fighters games I think some of it could be also because the Arcade Archives has tons of games and some of them might be piecemealed already I'm not sure what is and isn't available as a standalone I was just seeing what my preference would have been yeah I know I get it I get it so
all hope may not be lost if you're looking for some of those games it just might cost you more that's the bummer yeah maybe a few hundred dollars for buying a cartridge yeah yeah all right uh let's move on Loki yeah so uh Sony seems to have um
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
However, they announced in their blog on the 5th, Sony did, that they're celebrating the 30 years of PlayStation.
And in that, there's a graphic that says, you know, PlayStation 30th anniversary.
And it has the PlayStation logo, including the, you know, triangle, circle, X, or cross and square.
And those images are made up of...
Silhouettes of different consoles and peripherals and one of those appears to be the PlayStation 5 Pro because the PlayStation 5 Pro had these diagonal grills on the side of the console and it is clearly visible actually right next to the PlayStation logo itself on the blog post image.
It's also on Instagram as well in the circle on the right hand side.
So I guess that does confirm that that is what the console looks like.
So assuming that this is going to be starting here, I think this week is when they're going to start announcing all the different things for the... Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, PlayStation tournaments are going to do those the 21st through the 22nd.
But there's going to be some other things, I think, happening leading up to that.
So maybe we'll get an announcement here very soon.
Yeah, rumors are in the next couple weeks and you know, Apple's got a big thing tomorrow, you know, this could be an interesting week of tech announcements.
I don't remember September outside of the Apple thing which is usually like clockwork the week after Labor Day.
I'm trying to think about like other tech companies doing their announcements.
Tokyo Game Show?
Oh, right, of course, Tokyo Game Show.
I think that's towards the end of the month.
I'd have to look up the actual dates, but maybe you're right.
It is September 26th through the 29th.
Yeah, so that could be that it's going to be timed with Tokyo Game Show.
That would make a lot of sense.
Let's actually, if we can, DarkSakura, if you're prepared to do it, let's skip to your story next because it's actually a little closer to what Loki just talked about.
It makes more sense to go to that.
Sure, I guess.
So, Sony did share some early glimpses at their 30th anniversary plans.
I mean, you know, Loki was bringing up the PS5 Pro.
Some of the other stuff that's going on is that, first of all, there was...
the Astrobots central hub where the bots that you've saved you can make them dance in like a little lobby area with the 30th anniversary logo.
There's also My First Gran Turismo which is a trial version to I guess attract people to Gran Turismo 7.
um there's also digital game soundtracks for uh looks like God of War, God of War 2, God of War Ghost of Sparta, Twisted Metal, Starhawk, Warhawk and Unit 13 um
there's also then Shapes of Play there are three different kinds of products there is the Shape of Play Battle which is a board game that you can challenge your friend to line up four different shapes of the same color on the board to win I don't know, is that like Go?
or something.
Anyway.
Shapes of Play Create that's magnetic blocks that you position to make drawings or stuff.
I used to do these when I was a kid with wood blocks.
Shapes of Play Recharge where you can, as I say, experience a new way to recharge between games.
They look like squishy toys, I think.
Anyway.
Those will launch in December 2024 through direct.playstation.com in US, UK, France, Germany, Austria, Spain, Portugal, Italy, and Benelux.
The pre-orders are also starting today through PlayStation Direct.
and then not to mention the free online multiplayer weekend September 21st to 22nd and it looks like that's going to be FC24, NBA 2K25 and Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3.
from the looks of it.
There are going to be some tournaments in the games I mentioned before as well as Tekken 8 and Guilty Gear Strive and other sports titles and avatars that are just a full-on black and white PlayStation 30th anniversary and then another with the colors from the PlayStation logo with like a
The button symbol items on the background behind it saying PlayStation 30th anniversary.
And it just occurred to me that the colors from the PlayStation are very similar to the colors for the Super Famicom.
Different shade of green, but that blue, yellow, and red?
Yeah.
Very similar.
Well, you know, with the history and all.
But it's interesting they didn't distance it further, you know?
It's fresh in my head because I literally just did my business cards.
Oh, funny.
And I sampled the same colors from that Thoma composter.
Oh, funny.
All right.
Well, it sounds like they got a lot kind of going on there.
And of course, it just, you know, has that moment of, oh, the PlayStation is turning 30.
How old am I?
You know, that whole thing.
But it sounds like they got a lot of fun stuff going on.
So it almost seems like for sure they'll do more announcements.
How I didn't have worse motion sickness playing through Jumping Flash that many times.
but you know the original PlayStation gave us actually I take that back I think it was the Saturn it was either PlayStation or Saturn version I don't remember but in Toshinden there was the the monkey and when he won he did the butt monkey dance so he was the butt monkey
All right.
Well, maybe maybe when you win in this fighting game, you'll do a butt monkey dance.
But it's the Capcom fighting game collections we were talking about earlier in the show.
And I mentioned that Xbox is going to be happening, but it's a little bit different.
That's because when these games were first announced, both the Marvel versus Capcom fighting collection, which I think is out next week.
Yeah, September 12th for most people.
and then Capcom Fighting Collection 2 which was just announced we haven't heard anything about what is going to happen with Xbox but we got some clarity on that this week and we know that Capcom will be releasing Xbox One version notice that's Xbox One versions not series but I'm assuming that of course the series will play the Xbox One of course as it does most of the games there
So they announced in an update, Capcom, that we are excited to announce that after technical discussions with our partners at Microsoft, Marvel vs. Capcom Fighting Collection and Capcom Fighting Collection 2 will release on Xbox One.
Both versions will arrive in 2025.
So there will be a little bit of a wait.
But again, if you're looking forward to Marvel vs. Capcom Fighting Collection, you can get that on PS4.
Switch, and PC on September 12th.
You can get a physical edition on November 22nd.
Capcom Fighting Collection 2 is already going to be in 2025, so maybe we'll get a little closer to the actual date there.
If you were not already aware of what is coming out in Marvel vs. Capcom Fighting Collection...
Gonna take you for a ride
and The Punisher.
Those are all the games that will be in that collection that is out next week if you're buying it digitally, which I imagine most people are probably just going to go ahead and pick that up unless you're really big on the physical collection stuff, which maybe some of you are.
All right.
Well, Loki, let's go to a game that never ends.
And boy, it makes me happy.
Yep.
So No Man's Sky has added yet another update, the Aquarius update.
And in it, it adds fishing.
because everybody loves fishing.
Everyone does fishing in Animal Crossing.
They do fishing.
Yeah, everything.
Every game has fishing in it now.
You know what they didn't add with a name like that?
They did not add, this is the dawning of the age of Aquarius.
It could have been the trailer.
What?
What?
Minecraft got the Beatles?
Like, why can't we?
Come on.
Yeah, I'm sure that was well worth the money for that trailer.
No, but yeah, it's going to be, they have lots of different fish you can catch.
You know, you can actually fish off of your spacecraft as well, which is really cool.
You can create your own diving suit.
They have a catalog for the fish that you catch, as well as a special Aquarius fishing expedition or expeditions, maybe.
So yeah, very exciting.
Once again, this is a game that came out years ago and they are still providing... Got dunked on by the entire internet and all these years later out of pure spite, they have continued.
And I can appreciate that, to be honest.
I applaud them for spite-based motivations.
Actually, quite the opposite of spite in all seriousness with this.
I don't know if you heard, do you know where the inspiration for this update came from, actually?
Sean Murray, I think, mentioned it, is that there's actually a piece of fan art
that showed a traveler fishing off the side of the ship into the ocean like it was just a fan art somebody did.
And Sean Murray or somebody at Hello Games saw that and went, you know what?
Yeah.
We can do that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
If I were to guess, and this is probably a little bit more like, oh, that makes sense.
I mean, they have a new game coming out, right?
That game probably has fishing in it.
I hope so.
Hey, this works here.
Let's build this and bring it over.
Does this mean I should finally play my copy of the game?
You really should.
I love the game.
Although, well, no, I was going to say you can switch between first person and over the shoulder and you can even do it in the spaceship.
Because you can do third person spaceship too.
So, actually, you should be fine with it.
So, yeah, you should play it.
It's fun.
And you can turn off, if you don't want to fight things, just turn it off.
I don't want to fight things.
I just want to explore.
I just want to explore.
Yeah, that's the best part.
That's why I miss playing Star Trek Online.
Except I left my character parked at Quarks and would just play there for hours.
You said you already have a copy of the game, Jamie?
Yeah.
Okay, because they say if you don't, 60% off until September 9th.
So that's till tomorrow.
I got it after they re-released it.
Nice.
All right.
Well, another game that's probably in some of your backlogs that you need to catch up on, I think, is Baldur's Gate 3, which we talked about earlier.
Now, while I was doing this awesome voice acting panel, and not just me, actually.
The Baldur's Gate crew was doing a panel every day.
Garrett Wong interviewed them on Friday, which I thought was really funny.
By the way, for those of you that know the history of this show, you're going to find this funny.
I run into Garrett Wong in the halls of DragonCon, as sometimes people do, and I looked him right in the eye and said, hey, Garrett, how was Curacao?
And he looks back at me and he goes, oh, yeah, yeah, Curacao, wow, people remember that that was the thing, yeah, great, it was great, thanks, and walked on by to his stand.
He doesn't fucking remember watching me fucking, I could, I literally almost died in front of Garrett Wong and he forgot.
Yeah.
He probably saves people all the time.
I know.
And still won't fucking get promoted.
This is why you're not getting promoted, sir.
It's because of your memory.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm the last one to complain.
I'm just kidding.
Look, I get it.
I get it.
Busy, con.
I caught him in between point A to B. Not the greatest time to talk to somebody, but I had to take my shot.
I had to ask him, and he didn't fucking remember me almost dying in front of him.
That's fine.
That's fine.
I'll have to just try again sometime.
All right.
Anyway, in all seriousness, let's go back to Baldur's Gate 3.
While I was doing that panel and other folks, you know, DragonCon were doing PAX...
Patch 7 is coming out this week for Baldur's Gate and it is going to be making mods official.
It is through an official mod.io powered so it's running through that site.
Mod Manager will work with this.
Larian does say we're not going to prevent modding outside of our own official pipeline but only the approved mods will be targeted for stability and cross-platform compatibility so I'm sorry if you have salacious nudie mods
Those are not going to be, you can have them, but Larian doesn't want to touch them and put them in the game and make sure they're cross platform.
Other things maybe will be there.
Larian also says it'll ensure a smoother experience at the cost of more script focused modding, which can still be done outside of our pipeline.
So that's pretty cool.
Um, so check that out.
Um, Mac will also be getting patch seven, but that won't be out until October.
There's just a little bit of a delay there.
Uh, cross platform save compatibility will also release in October when every device gets that patch.
It might be consoles are actually getting that in October as well, but I believe PC is getting it this week.
So you can kind of jump in and check that out.
Um, and I'm sure a lot of people very excited to do that.
Um,
Not DLC.
This is just, you know, extra stuff.
Very similar to the game we were just talking about, No Man's Sky.
I'm sure that makes a lot of people very, very happy.
All right.
Before we get into our next segment, we usually get into the classic game of the week here.
I have a little bit of housekeeping that's a little bit strange.
So we keep a log of the classic game of the week.
And pretty much every episode the show has ever done has been kept by fans on our Orange Launch Radio wiki.
DarkTetsuya
uh loyal and brave and probably the most frequent contributor to the wiki alongside with Orange Rite I think did a lot too has actually filed an appeal uh to figure out what the hell's going on so my hope is that fandom will bring it back at least we were able to download archives you can download everything so if it doesn't come back
Yeah, fandom's kind of, eh.
So here's the thing.
I'm going to give them one chance.
If they don't bring the wiki back, we'll do it somewhere else.
I don't want to volunteer something because a lot of the web work is on Bobby to do.
So if it's a lot of work, I don't want to volunteer him to do it.
But if it's something where we can like...
Unpack a wiki shell on the server somewhere and let you guys turn you loose, then great.
I think that would be awesome.
But if that's not possible, then there's alternatives I've heard about.
We'll look into that.
It sounds like a lot of you aren't big fans of fandom anyway.
So here's their one chance to not burn this fucking bridge forever.
You hear me, fandom?
Don't burn this bridge.
Yeah, I want to say that the Minecraft wiki, which was originally on Fandom, moved off of Fandom several months ago because it was bad as far as stuff being broken all the time, ads, malware, stuff like that.
Alright, well we'll see what happens, but yes, the Orange Lounge Radio Wiki for now is down.
So unfortunately this game will not be able to get tracked today.
You'll have to use pen and paper.
You'll have to open a OneNote notebook or something else.
Or, I don't know, maybe we keep a log on Discord somewhere, but we'll have to just note this somewhere else until we hopefully get the Wiki back in the next week.
Because if not, fandom.
The classic game page.
I know, I know.
So we'll try to get that restored somewhere.
But just a heads up, that's a difficulty we're dealing with right now.
All right.
So anyway, let's move on to our classic game of the week segment with, of course, the bumper.
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Alright, but once a month DarkSakura likes to put a twist on this segment and do a classic cancelled game.
One that we never actually got to play, but the proof exists out there.
DarkSakura, what is the classic cancelled game of the month?
Oh, the...
You know, and I did mention the Dreamcast earlier, which I think would be absolutely, you know, it's not one of the best systems that ever was, but the game I picked was called Propeller Arena Aviation Battle Championship.
It was originally called Propellerhead Online, and it was meant to be released on September 19th, 2001.
Let the date sink in.
The game was trademarked on April 14th, 2001, developed and completed by Sega AM2, but the game never got an official release.
It was cancelled.
Why was it cancelled?
Anyone want to hazard a guess?
Anyone?
It was right after the September 11th attacks.
so they were citing similarities in the game packaging and design as the events and the Dreamcast declining market share so it was on display at E3 on May 19, 2001 and it was postponed to work on the cover art and tweak some of those images out of and I mean
They wanted to port it to another system, but never did, and the disc image of the game did eventually get leaked.
So, basically, there's an air combat tournament in 2045 using planes from the World War II era, and you participate in the tournament.
It is basically dogfight deathmatches.
You have four modes.
You have Championship, where you have a sequence of dogfights.
Quick Battle, which is a single.
Training Arena, where you learn you have minigames.
And then the Network to play online.
When you beat the game or training levels, you get other characters and levels.
And it had forced feedback via the Dreamcast Jump Pack.
The soundtrack had elements of punk rock, and it was created by both branches of Sega.
The Japanese team had 13 songs composed and produced in-house.
An American team worked with Fat Wreck Chords label to license nine songs from Consumed, Zero Dawn, No Use for a Name, Mad Caddies, and Rise Against.
and some of Sega's original songs that did get remixed as instrumentals and reused in Virtua Tennis 3 that came out in 2006.
That's really all I can say about the game.
It's actually a complete game.
You can find the disc image out there.
If you play it, let me know how you like it.
Shameless Cats.
That would be my team.
There it is.
Propeller Arena.
The classic game of the week.
All right.
Lots of people in chat giving their opinions on that as well.
Fun fun.
All right.
Let's get back to some news that we're going to cover real fast in a segment we call Rapid Fire News.
Loki, we'll go to you and start.
Loki, you're muted, just heads up
This is kind of fun.
In the vein of the Commodore 64 Mini, we have now the Spectrum Mini.
So the Spectrum Mini is a console I'm not too familiar with because I never really got to play a ZX Spectrum.
But this new mini console does actually emulate the ZX Spectrum, the 48 and the 128 models.
It's got 48 games built in.
and includes even um well they have like the hobbit maniac miner head over heels as well as even some homebrew games in there as well a bunch of different you know options that you would expect with like one of these consoles including you know the crt filters the 4x3 aspect ratio um you can also load a usb drive with roms and play them in there as well
It even includes, I think this is kind of one of the coolest parts about it, is a 32-page Crash magazine, a mini-mag.
It has, like, reviews from the older games, I guess, original game reviews and stuff.
So I think that's pretty cool as well.
Does it have programs you can type in, too?
I don't know, but it's got a full keyboard that's replicated from the original console, so pretty cool.
It's supposed to be coming out on November 22nd, so keep an eye on that.
And then, speaking of old things that are new again, we have a NES version of a Rugrats game coming out.
Yes, I know.
What year is it?
Rugrats Adventures in Game Land is an old yet new game.
It's launching on all the consoles.
PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Switch, and PC.
Xbox One, Xbox Series will be coming, I think, a little bit later.
but this week though on the 10th is when they'll be launching there I hear actually on Epic Game Store I believe this game is going to be free as one of their games that's going to be coming out I looked today
so that's pretty cool and yeah they even have on the modern console versions they're going to have an HD overlay as well that makes the game look like the cartoon yeah you can play it as NES and it looks kind of like DuckTales Remastered sort of thing where like you can well in DuckTales Remastered you can flip back and forth maybe like Wonder Boy the trap that one
Yeah.
Dragon's Trap.
I still think it's pretty cool, though, because, like, I remember, like, back in the Nintendo days and stuff, it's like, we wouldn't necessarily go, oh, it's a Rugrats game.
It would be like, you know, a lot of those, like, tie-in games were pretty good.
Like, the games based off TV shows and stuff.
Like, remember, like, oh, Real Monsters, and, like, they had the Simpsons games and stuff like that.
I mean, some of the Simpsons games weren't so good, but, you know, some of the games were good.
But, yeah, this is exciting, so...
DarkSakura.com
I do indeed so um Konami is saying stay tuned uh with uh information for Metal Gear Solid 4 um this is for the remaster of Silent uh I said Silent Hill didn't I?
Metal Gear Solid 4 um
There was a conversation with Okamura Noriaki, who is the Konami producer for all the Metal Gear Solid stuff.
And he said that they are aware of the situation where Metal Gear Solid 4 is not playable on current platforms.
And he hinted that the game might be included in the yet-to-be-announced Metal Gear Solid Master Collection Vol. 2.
I'll read the exact quote.
We definitely are aware of the situation with MGS4.
Unfortunately, we can't really say too much at the moment with Volume 1 containing Metal Gear Solid 1 through 3 dot dot dot.
You can probably connect the dots.
Right now, we still are internally concerned about what we should be doing for the future of the series.
So sorry, we can't really reveal anything to you at the moment, but stay tuned.
There's going to be those acid games that were on PSP at some point too.
I'm sure could round out a collection like that.
So be interesting.
Possibly.
Alright, well, unfortunately in sadder news, and really this actually is the last story we have slotted tonight, even though it's rapid-fire news, but on a sad note, Andrew C. Greenberg, who was the co-creator of the series Wizardry, which of course is an infamous series of RPGs, unfortunately passed away at the age of 67.
This news was shared to Facebook by his collaborator from the Wizardry days, Robert Woodhead.
obviously huge influence on RPGs especially in that early PC era I believe this game was remade just recently Digital Eclipse did a very recent remaster of the first game so if you haven't experienced this game you can do it in classic form or in this more modern form with what Digital Eclipse put out so very sad to hear that he has passed but obviously the legacy lives on which you know
Wizardry was huge in this.
By the way, if you want to know some of the inspiration, a tweet in 2022 written by Yuji Horii, the creator of Dragon Quest, has cited Wizardry as primary inspiration.
And in that tweet, talked about meeting Robert Woodhead for the first time, saying, when I think back, it all started 40 years ago when I really got into Wizardry.
So you have that game to thank an awful lot.
Rest in peace.
Okay, let's travel around the world real quick and check out some release dates of maybe some new games that Wizardry has inspired or otherwise.
Let's start in the U.S., Loki.
This week we have Warhammer 40k, Space Marine 2 on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
The Elder Scrolls Castles on iOS and Android.
LC on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5.
Satisfactory is coming out of early access on PC.
Vampire the Masquerade, Reckoning of New York on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Yars Rising on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, and of course the Atari VCS
Crossy Road Castle on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Dragon Quest Monsters The Dark Prince on PC, iOS, and Android Caravan Sandwich on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5 that is a witch who is in the sand not a you know
DeathSprint66 on PC Fabledom on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series
Grappledogs, Cosmic Canines on PC, Nintendo Switch, and Xbox Series Hollow Body on PC, Lollipop Chainsaw Repop on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series And as we talked about a little bit earlier, Marvel vs. Capcom Fighting Collection Arcade Classics on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4
Nano Apostle on PC and Nintendo Switch Pico Park 2 on PC, Mac, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Test Drive Unlimited Solar Crown on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series
UFL on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Wild Bastards on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Edge of Sanity on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series
Evotiction.
I don't really know how to pronounce that.
On PC, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Funko Fusion.
Oh, that's right.
That's coming out.
On PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
Hope that one doesn't suck, but...
Alright, let's head over to Japan and check out the releases there.
We had a really busy week last week.
It's slowing down a little bit this week, but we still got quite a bit that's coming out this week on the Switch in Japan.
We have the Turrican Anthology Volume 1 and Volume 2.
I didn't realize there was this much Turrican that had been released.
Oh yeah.
but yeah, Turrican Volume 1 has Turrican 1 and 2 for the Amiga, Super Turrican and the Director's Cut for Super Nintendo and Mega Turrican Score Attack for the Genesis Volume 2 has Turrican 3 for the Amiga, Mega Turrican for the Genesis and Director's Cut Super Turrican 2 and Super Turrican 1 Score Attack both on the Super Nintendo If you didn't think you could, you sure Turrican this week on the Nintendo Switch
You were waiting for that.
I was.
I've been sitting all night on that joke.
All right.
Brave Dungeon W Pack in regular and limited edition is also coming out.
I'm not sure exactly what this game is, but it looks a little bit like an old school dungeon crawler type of game.
It looks like it might be cute and something like up my alley because it also has puzzle elements in it for whatever reason.
So I'm always down with that.
So you can check that out.
That is also going to be released alongside a game called Tenshei no Uta Collection in a regular and special edition.
all out this week on the Switch.
Meanwhile, on the PlayStation 5, we have... Ooh, Test Drive Unlimited, Solar Crown is out this week.
The Test Drive series, somehow still not killed off by a bunch of mediocre releases over the years.
Maybe...
Just maybe this one will break the curse.
It does look nice in screenshots, I will say.
We'll see how that looks when it actually comes out.
But, you know, speaking of like the spectrum and games I was playing in the Commodore 64 era, the original test drive was one of them.
So that is out on the PlayStation 5 this week.
Let's check out Europe, DarkSakura.
In Europe, we have on September 9th, which is already, I think, September 9th now in the UK, Warhammer 40k Space Marines 2 for PC, PS5, Xbox, Vampire the Masquerade on the 10th.
Sorry, Vampire the Masquerade, Reckoning of New York, PC, Xbox, PlayStation Switch.
Yars Rising, PC Switch, PS5, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Atari VCS September 10th Towerborn Early Access for PC on September 10th Also on the 10th, Persona 3 Reloaded, Episode Aegis, The Answer, DLC PC, PS4, PS5, Xboxes, and yeah
For the 12th, we have Test Drive, Unlimited, Solar Crown, PC, Switch, PlayStation, Xbox.
for the 12th we have Jackbox Naughty Pack for PC, Hollow Body for PC also on the 12th Lollipop, Chainsaw, Repop PC, Switch, PS5, Xbox Wild Bastards PC, PS5, Xbox those last ones were on the 12th and on the 13th Funko Fusion, PC, Switch PS4, PS5, Xbox All right
that's it well believe it or not that is all we had on the agenda for tonight and no mail no mail
Well, I got a bunch of animal pictures, which I'm glad for.
That's good.
But nothing of substance.
Well, you have maybe one more week to get those pictures in.
Participate at orange.radio.com.
You have until I get back from TwitchCon.
We'd love to hear just a hello as well or a question or anything you have about all that.
So, yeah, you can send those again, those emails.
Participate at orange.radio.com.
Otherwise, we have a moment to take your questions in our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
or if we want to get any calls in, you can join our green room over in Discord.
I would encourage you just to join our Discord to talk to us throughout the week over at VOGnetwork.com slash Discord.
DarkSakura, what are you looking forward to at TwitchCon this year?
Seeing my friends.
Yeah.
Cosplaying.
Going to Extraordinary Desserts.
Seeing the drag show.
When's the drag show this year?
Is it Friday?
Saturday?
I don't know.
I'm going to the party this year though and I bought special shoes for it.
Oh, the drag after party or whatever it is?
Well, whatever their little party that they do every year is.
Oh, that party, that party, I thought you meant Drag Party Yeah, the party Okay, the official party, okay
And so I bought shoes.
I have high platform heeled Crocs with rhinestone heels.
What are you cosplaying?
I'm not cosplaying for the party.
No, but in general, sorry.
Oh, just bringing my pig.
Although I'm also trying to, if it gets here in time, I'll be doing Bonnie cosplay.
from Cassidy and Frank Stone.
Okay.
The young punk version.
I've ordered a Joan Jett wig and a leather jacket and we'll see.
Speaking of casting a Frank Stone, we're going to say goodbye to you in a minute here.
And you're going to actually be streaming that game tonight, if I remember right, instead of the usual Dead by Daylight.
If it plays well.
Yeah.
Tell us a little bit about this game.
What to look forward to.
Well, it's a super massive game set in... Well, the thing with Dead by Daylight is that it touches different universes or different versions of universes and everything.
So...
you can um it starts with like a little bit of time travel and story and you were i mean every i'm sure people who care have seen the demo by now where you play the police officer rescuing the baby um from frank stone um and then it's what happened to frank stone where is he where's the spirits things like that and and how does the entity play into all of this
Dead by Daylight for the game to still make sense, right?
Yeah.
Cool.
alright well with that then I'm gonna go ahead and wrap up we're not getting a lot of questions but that's okay we've had a pretty good show long enough tonight so we'll wrap it up so well actually wait let me check in real quick with Loki if there's any last minute stories not really the only story is there's a rumor that Grand Theft Auto 6 has been delayed again but when is that not a thing yeah
Wake me when it actually is sitting on a shelf somewhere.
It might be a while.
I mean, whatever.
That's a game that I just... Take your time.
I don't really care.
Yeah, get it right.
Don't fuck it up.
Get it right.
I get it.
Alright, well with that then, we'll go around and get everybody's final thought and all that stuff, but I do want to thank you as always for listening to Orange Launch Radio.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at the show, help us spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
So a nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, YouTube, Spotify, wherever you found this show, those go an awful long way.
We really appreciate that, but of course, tell a friend.
Word of mouth is always the best.
and hopefully we'll see you at a convention be it DragonCon, TwitchCon or otherwise in the future I actually did see a couple listeners at DragonCon I forgot to give shoutouts earlier but it was great to see folks so yeah it's always lovely and if anyone runs into me at TwitchCon say hi and I take affection in the form of chocolate you can pay tribute that way this is true by the way 100% this is true so
I demand tribute.
Kidding.
And especially the fancier and more imported, the better.
Yeah, it has to be extra imported.
What was it?
It has to go through several countries and illicit bank accounts.
What was that place in Chicago I went to?
Vossages?
Vossages.
Vossages.
Yeah, that was some expensive stuff, but it was good.
It was good.
I get why you have a taste for it.
Well, you know me.
Well, it's the same thing I applied to alcoholism.
I'm not an alcoholic because I have expensive taste.
Oh, yeah.
I only drink tequila that is over a certain price.
That's for sure.
All right.
Anyway, let's wrap up and say goodnight.
So, DarkSakura, I know you're going to be streaming your game tonight, so I'll let you go.
Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I need like five more hours per day that I can use for napping.
I hear that.
Alright.
Good night, Jamie.
Have a good stream.
Bye.
Thanks, bye.
Alright, well, Loki, we'll go to you and what's your final thought tonight?
Um... I have a lot of work to do.
And I don't want to do work.
my final thought tonight is I can't believe I just got back from DragonCon and now I'm like in Seattle in less than two weeks because unfortunately when you all are at TwitchCon I'm in Seattle for an Ingress related thing but it's gonna be fun I'm not you know I'm not sorry I'm sorry not sorry it'll be fun but I'm sad to miss TwitchCon especially in a year when a lot of y'all are going I think you'll all have a good time so I'm excited for you
I didn't hear his show, but is Bobby going?
Because I know they're doing the Game Sun Quick X or whatever.
Bobby will not be going to TwitchCon after all.
Yeah, I know.
No, I think he was not able to get to TwitchCon until after it already started.
And so I think that kind of, you know, they needed folks that were going to be available.
So Bobby will be here on the network, though, that night.
So for those of you that need something to listen to in a couple weeks, Bobby will be here.
So there is that.
Um, but otherwise, yeah, I'm hoping I get back to some personal streaming this week.
It's been a minute, but, um, with all the other bullshit going on, uh, hopefully if I have like the hardest part of this Convid stuff, you know, Paxilvid's been keeping most of the symptoms at bay.
It's the fucking fatigue today has been really bad, but actually like,
I'll see you next time.
with Bobby and I where we will get into all the non-game things that happened too because there was a lot of really cool stuff.
So we'll get into all that later this week.
Stay tuned to our Discord for the latest and our socials, especially Blue Sky where you can just find us at vognetwork.com because on Blue Sky you can just have your domain, vognetwork.com.
That's what they do instead of verified accounts.
It's just, hey, it's your domain.
So, all right, that's it.
We'll see you next time.
We'll be back in seven days to do this all over again.
Have a wonderful week, everybody.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
