Hello my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are back once again with episode number 1018 of our program after a week off last week.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I am fighting Guinness right now.
Oh, is this about the world record acknowledgement thing?
Yeah, the application that I submitted is like gone.
I got my copy of the book though, which is... Yeah, so I found one though that's like longest running weekly podcast with the same host.
Interesting.
Oh, like all in all podcasts, like ever.
Like not just gaming, but all?
Yeah.
Is it?
I think it's still that other one though.
But we're fully weekly.
I think, yeah, I, yeah, it would either be the, well, I guess it would either count the other one if it was gaming.
We talked about that, you know, two weeks ago.
Or I want to say some, I want to say the comic podcast, are Donna Drew still around?
Like that, like there's some old comedy podcasts.
I'm going to need to find out what happened to that application.
Yeah.
Find it.
They put it in the bin.
All right.
You better not have.
Say hello as well to Techmaster Loki.
Hi, Loki.
What's this game playing behind you tonight?
Because, of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
And see, having a live chat room here on Twitch, we can get corrected live.
PodCulture says that Don and Drew faded a while back.
There's got to be a couple tech shows and things that are not necessarily gaming related that are still kicking all these years later, I'm sure.
Some of that stuff.
But anyway, Loki, what is this game playing behind you?
Because that owl in the background looked like the Tootsie Roll owl.
It's Plucky Squire.
Oh, Plucky Squire.
Oh, this is like on my list of games I want to get around to playing because the art style in this looked really cool.
Have you had a chance to play this yet?
I have not.
Oh, bummer.
I got to check this out.
It looks really cool.
DarkSakura, Loki, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I love Seattle.
I can get cheap plane tickets.
Let's go play Ingress and I'll see some of my friends up here.
And so I did all of that.
And it was really fun, but it doesn't really relate to the gaming industry.
So that was my weekend.
But I want to talk a little more to DarkSakura and Loki because you both were at TwitchCon in San Diego.
And how was it?
It was painful.
I mean, for me, I had some very wicked shoes.
It was a lot of fun.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was really fun.
DarkSakura, this has got to be at least your what?
Is this like your fourth TwitchCon?
My third.
Your third.
How did this year compare to the other two?
um it was about the same I mean it was much better than Las Vegas I'll put it that way but I didn't do as much of the like hardcore networking that I do before and just was I wanted to have a good time this time and check out like news and I didn't really get to go to any of the panels I wanted to but um uh
I went to the meetup brunch that our big Dead by Daylight and whatnot group does.
And funny enough, I was sitting there and I was chatting with Bourbon, who is our friend, DBD, and a variety streamer.
He's a good guy.
I lurk in his channel.
I don't think he knows who I am, but I lurk in his channel.
He's a good guy.
Yeah.
and he had this whole like set up to like do a green screen and take a picture and make it an avatar and blah blah blah and I don't know how it came up I was like yeah I should just have like a sign that says we'll squeak for boops because I was cosplaying pig
and like, well, here's some paper and some Crayola markers.
Have at it.
And so I made the sign and I was walking around with Will Boop for Squeaks and had a pig face with a little finger pointing at the nose.
And I got many boops and oddly enough, like a bunch of photo ops that way.
Okay, for a Dead by Daylight crowd, that's a really clever idea, actually.
there was a DBD meetup as well yeah because that's a that's a big meme in the game if you know if you've ever watched Dead by Daylight streamers booping a pig which is doing that because there's literally every character for some reason has an emo it's like pointing it's pointing but if you do it really close to pig it looks like you're booping your snoot and everybody loves if you're if you're both kneeling yeah yeah
and we even did like some kneeling poses so uh i got my my lunge exercises in for the day um and uh i uh i had to like shed costume to play para para paradise because yes there was a para para and i played the same three songs over and over that i still remember okay um there were a couple other people there the second day that knew the dances so that was fun that's cool
I tried to do Anniversary for you and then I forgot it.
That's okay.
The only one I could maybe do Boom Boom Fire.
Boom Boom Fire, Boom Boom Fire.
I did Deluxe.
I just kind of remember it.
I did Deluxe and Night of Fire and Eurobeat.
Eurobeat's an easy one you could just like watch it and pick it pick that one back up but I'm sorry Night of Fire is like the most fun one to do just because it's very active and posey at the same time well it's it's funny that there were people there the second day that knew the dances because I don't know if you know even though this show and I'm sure most people know at this point but if you didn't
Orange Launch Radio.
We all met playing Dance Dance Revolution and Konami's Bomani series and all that back in the day at the arcades.
And so we used to talk pretty much exclusively about that until that era when Konami really kind of let that go for a long time and then Guitar Hero ended up being on the scene and we ended up kind of expanding to all types of games.
But I bring that up because now there's all these, I don't know if you know, but there's like new shows and new podcasts and Twitch personalities that are all about Bomani games and all of this because of the renaissance that round one has sort of lended itself to with, you know, Konami series and Konami is kind of investing in this arcades again.
So it wouldn't surprise me, Jamie, if these people that came up that knew the dances were like part of this like new crowd and not realizing that you are their Aunt Jamie.
No, there were like a couple of younger people, but mostly, I mean, I think that they were playing Parapara back in the day, too.
Petition to change DarkSakura to AntSakura.
Well, I mean, I am the drunk auntie of Twitch, so whatever.
No, I love that.
I love that.
Loki, this was your very first TwitchCon.
How were you overwhelmed, or how was it for you?
No, I wasn't necessarily overwhelmed because there wasn't a whole lot that I had scheduled.
I mean, I did have a pretty packed schedule, but it was all kind of front-loaded within the first couple days.
And then beyond that, it was just kind of like, I don't know, I'll go to some panels if I feel like it.
I ended up not really going to a lot of panels outside of the Minecraft stuff.
I had kind of marked off some things that I was going to go check out, but I just didn't end up doing it.
But it was packed.
Yeah, I peaked your Twitter because, and you know that's a compliment because I don't like to go on that site, but I was curious, like, did Loki post some pictures on TwitchCon?
I saw you got... I did not.
No, but you had like a lot of selfies or like meet and greet type photos.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So, okay, so I'll try to quickly go across what I did at TwitchCon, you know, the days.
So, started the day before TwitchCon.
So, essentially, everybody that was going to TwitchCon in, like, the MCC Rising stuff, Avondale, who actually runs...
MCC Rising and he does a bunch of other stuff for Nox Crew had asked like they did in Rotterdam if you want premium seating fill out this form and we'll get you on a list and stuff like that for the event so I filled that out but then one of the questions was
Are you available from noon to six on Thursday?
It didn't say what it was.
It just said, are you available from noon to six on Thursday?
I'm like, between noon and six or for, you know, for six hours on Thursday.
And they just wouldn't say what it was.
And so I was curious.
So I ended up moving my flight.
to make that time.
So I got there like at 10 in the morning.
But then the day before, they let us know that we were playtesting MCC Twitch Rivals.
So essentially, we got there at noon.
Then everything kind of got delayed a couple hours because there was a Sanjay slam or whatever that was before it.
um they were doing testing the producing entertainment always runs behind a couple hours yeah the the street fighter tournament thing they were running behind their testing stuff so we got postponed by two and a half hours this is why you needed six hours reserved
right pretty much yeah yeah so so we went there and um yeah so we got the full experience of being a being like a contestant in twitch rivals we played on the it's not really a stage i guess it's like sort of a stage in on the actual pcs and everything that the contestants are going to be playing on so you
Survivor Dream Team Survivor Dream Team
Pretty much.
Yeah, so there's some stuff that they had to work out.
But it was also, since it is the full experience, and they are practicing the production part of that as well, there's cameramen up in your face with production studio cameras and everything, and like the boom camera and all that stuff.
It's a really weird experience.
Yeah, you have to make sure you pluck those gray eyebrows that I was complaining before the show, everybody.
I had a gray eye, one singular gray little hair that was driving me bonkers.
And yes, I plucked it in the two minutes before the show tonight.
Yeah, so we got to do all that.
We had a team with some of the other rising folks, and this guy, WoogieX, who was a friend of a rising person, who ended up playing on our team.
Our team ended up winning, which is awesome.
We got to win an MCC that doesn't really count, and nobody really can know about it.
I'm not really supposed to share this on social media, but who watches this show after 20 years?
But anyways, so we did all that.
Print that in your book of world records.
Yeah, world record, yeah.
Anyway,
So we did all that.
It was extremely exciting.
Just a really good time.
Because we had waited so long, Avondale had given us one of the MCC coins as well that you could purchase for Season 3.
So we got one of those.
So the next day, first day of TwitchCon, we had meet and greets with Hermitcraft folks.
Well, actually, I think at first it was the storytelling in Minecraft.
So we did all that.
And then...
That was R.A.
I didn't really know the people that were doing that, but meet and greets with the Hermitcraft folks.
So I was able to meet, I met Cubfan135, who is our coach in MCC, and he was really awesome.
Like, I've been kind of chatting back and forth with him, and
I've been just very thankful.
He's been really good at promoting our SMP and just so inviting.
So when I got up to him, I'm like, oh, he's like, oh, who are you?
I'm like, I'm Loki.
He's like, oh, Loki, Loki, oh, come in here.
He gave me a hug and stuff like that.
Just a super cool guy.
And then I finally got to meet the hermit that I played with in my first SMP, TangoTex.
I got to meet him in person and thank him for all the
Inspiration that he's provided and everything I didn't get to meet a lot of people because at that point it started getting a little chaotic and the line wasn't moving as fast as they wanted it to so they were kind of rushing people through so I only got to see him for like a second and I didn't get to really meet anybody else but then later that night was a thing that I got invited to as part of the MCC stuff as well so it was the MCC Lunar Client Party so it was a private party
Jimmy Buffett's Dollar Tree
yeah yeah uh anyways whatever it doesn't matter the location they had uh you know they catered uh was it uh pasta and tacos and other stuff there's a reason why Denny's at two in the morning was still fun back in the day even though it was Denny's
Yeah, and then, so, I didn't really know a lot of people, obviously, at the MCC event, or the party, because there's a lot of people that do play MCC that are, like, really kind of the event hogs.
They know, like, all the people that play, so they were a lot more familiar with everybody.
I wasn't.
Well, Loki, for next year, Jamie's got the right idea.
Wear a costume that everybody's going to want to take a picture with, and now you're meeting everybody.
There you go.
Yeah, yeah.
But I did end up hanging out with Cubfan.
He was one of the two hermits that showed up because I guess the hermits are really tired, which I can imagine after meeting fans for two hours and 45 minutes.
So, you know, I got to hang out with him for like two hours and actually just like talk with him the entire time.
So that was great.
And then also...
Sorry, can I tangent for a minute?
Because 5th Dream in chat said, the goth hangout.
And obviously 5th Dream is talking about the Denny's at 2am reference, but for some reason when my brain first read that, I was like, is he talking about Margaritaville?
Being like, the goth hangout?
Was Jimmy Buffett secretly a backup singer for The Cure?
Like, what?
anyway, please excuse me I got to talk to him and met like Scott Smager who also runs MCC, met Noxite who is co-owner of or I think he is the owner of the Nox crew and just some other people as well another celebrity guy in the space TommyInIt and SmallishBeans who is Joel who is on the Hermitcraft he's one of the new Hermits this year
and so yeah it was really cool to get to meet all them and just talk to Cub for like a while and he was just very inviting just made sure I was like comfortable in the whole event and everything.
Sounds like the Minecraft community really turned out for this.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, for sure.
And then Saturday was the day of the event.
So we got our premium seating, which is like front row.
I'm in like if you watch the the VODs of the event from TwitchCon, you can see me just constantly.
I'm just in the front row.
Like it's very obvious I'm wearing my jersey.
for the Orange Ocelots.
And yeah, it was like an incredible time.
I got swag from that.
I got so they announced a card game that they're going to be doing, a collectible card game.
I got an exclusive card, actually two of the exclusive cards.
Couldn't have worn a VOG Network shirt that day, huh?
Just kidding.
I know MCC, you know, brings you a lot of pride.
I understand.
I understand.
And then right after that, they had the Hermitcraft panel.
So they were talking about 10 years of, you know, making content on Hermitcraft and all that stuff and kind of just going through all that.
And then afterwards, they decided that they were going to do an impromptu meet and greet for everybody that showed up.
So I finally got to meet a few other creators.
I met Impulse, who does a podcast as well.
They do the Imp and Skizz podcast, which is kind of with the Hermitcraft folks and Good Times at Scar.
who is a really incredible builder so I got to meet him and I was able to say bye to Tango and Cub as well and just thank them for everything those guys should be waiting to meet you
I don't know what the secret to going viral on YouTube is because I think we all would have done it a long time ago, but you deserve it.
One of these days, they're going to all be there to meet you.
well they said you know they're like yeah we'll come back again and do this again in 10 years and I'm like I'm like well I'm gonna be on stage with you in 10 years so we'll see um and then uh was it uh so Saturday uh finally at that point I have not run into Jamie yet so I finally made up with Jamie and we we hung out pretty much the rest of uh TwitchCon to be fair that happens when Jamie and I both go to TwitchCon too I think one year we didn't see each other till the second day so
we met up to go to the Twitch block party but we got stopped by the hype train so I had to wait like 30 minutes for that thing to pull out and then, yeah, the block party was alright
they had some good food and stuff but it was alright it was kind of weird though because they had a couple stages so there was like the techno electronica stage and then bad karaoke that were just like combining with each other really bad
yeah it is it was not great uh so we kind of cut that short a bit and then was it Sunday I had a meet and greet with Smajor because he was kind of out of it uh the party that so I didn't really get to talk to him I think that a lot of the UK folks that were flying in were just really jet lagged so um I met him and thanked him for everything that he's done for like MCC and just in
keep including us and all that and uh so that's fun and then yeah we played uh music games and stuff got to play Dance Rush and stuff like that wow it sounds like they had quite a little music arcade they had quite the arcade yeah yeah Dance Rush uh they had a DDR machine that had uh it was a multi-loader in it because uh one day I saw it had Extreme we played it when it had Disney's Rave um
There was, yeah, all sorts of Bomani games there.
Just, like, everything from 2DX, DDR, In the Groove, Pump It Up.
Just, like, so many music games.
It was great.
So, Loki, what do you think?
The kids are only going to get older and more independent.
Do you think you might make it back next year?
We'll see.
Yeah, I...
Yeah, I was very tired after all of that.
I unfortunately came down with norovirus on the flight or the day home.
Yeah, something like that.
You really were on Margaritaville.
And so, yeah, so I was very sick to my stomach and just all of that, you know, trying to fly back.
And then it took, I just now been able to eat regular food today.
So it's taken a while to get past all that.
But you're skinny.
Not really, but it was worth it.
It was fun.
I'm trying to get some other people to go as well.
One of our members of the Channel 64 SMP, people are thinking about going next year.
So that would be cool to have someone else to hang out with as well.
So we'll see.
I don't know.
It's pretty good.
I'll go back next year.
Yeah, we'll see.
They've already said it's still in San Diego, and I'm like, great.
I would not probably go to the hotel I was at, that hotel made no sense and it's still pretty far away I would want to see if I could get something a little bit less expensive and maybe closer to the convention because it was still quite a ways, even though it was just within walking distance it was just 8 blocks back and forth, so I don't know
Before we get into headlines tonight, I actually want to go back to Jamie talking about TwitchCon a little bit.
I was going to ask you what your damage was in the art dealer hall this year.
I made it out pretty decently, I will be honest.
This application is so stupid.
Sorry.
Well, no, let me ask you about, because we didn't talk about, Loki didn't really talk about the vendors in the main hall, and there's always the exhibits in the main hall, and DarkSakura, I know you're pretty good about, you'll just walk up and chat to people that are running booths and stuff.
I'm kind of curious if you saw anything that kind of caught your eye in the main exhibit hall.
There were some really good artists.
Yeah.
I bought a very... Why can't I think of his name?
Like...
Mooka, Alphonse Mooka inspired Garrus print.
And I got a pretty hot kind of bloody Astarion.
Bought dice, mystery dice.
And down, well, there was also vendors downstairs.
One of them, I rolled, in fact, I've got the candle in front of me.
I bought a candle called A Dicey Surprise by Sweet As Scents Candle Company.
And this one is a lemon, like a lemony candle.
It smells really good.
Anyway, I rolled a D20 and rolled a 20.
So I got a 20% off discount.
That was pretty fun.
There were people doing, you know, like clothes, nerdy clothes.
And I got my Eat Cheese and Sin sticker, which made me very happy.
You know, just a couple of things all around.
But there were also, there was one called, oh gosh, was it Melanin Minerals?
That I picked up a couple of bath bombs the last day.
CBD infused bath bombs that honestly, when mixed with my Epsom salts, made for a very nice bath.
and I needed it because I did Disneyland after the con oh my god I can't imagine I'm stubborn anyway and the block party you should have seen my shoes although last year we did Disneyland first and then TwitchCon and it was pretty rough that's probably why I didn't go back this year to be honest you should have seen my shoes Rob for the party I had regrets I should have worn my toe pads for ballet
I would have loved to do karaoke on the big stage though.
I have the perfect song.
It's been so good.
There were people that I really wish would have learned how to pick a key.
I'm putting in all this information it wants to erase.
It's so stupid.
Anyway.
The song I would do, to be clear, is I'm the Scatman by Scatman John.
Would absolutely have to be the song you need to do.
I was going to say, I forgot to mention, we hung out a little bit with GDQX as well, so that was kind of fun.
That's cool.
In fact, we got my shirt.
Yep, I got mine too.
Oh, how about that?
We got the limited edition Peloton-sponsored shirts.
Oh, yeah.
I saw something of a Peloton-sponsoring GDQX.
Keep in mind, I was out of town the whole weekend, so I didn't get to see any of it, but interesting.
Huh.
Pretty cool.
Yeah.
But there was, I mean...
There were some interesting costumes as well.
I mean, like I said, there was a DBD meet and there was a Jake I met.
I mean, Jake cosplay is pretty easy.
yeah and then um it was you know but he looks the part he really looks he really looks the part and then there was a sort of a Huntress it was really uh kind of I guess Huntress themed and people kept giving me bracelets and stickers I now have a pixel pig sticker I love it
I need to go look through all of this to find who these artists were, but they were all amazing.
Just had a really, really good time, and then on Sunday I was like, no cosplay!
I asked Loki if he's going back next year.
Are you going to go back next year?
Duh.
I figured you were probably already sold on it, but I had to ask.
Yeah, I'm definitely going.
I'm going to probably buy better insoles for those boots, because you know I got a
I gotta bring a pig and I got to I'm actually thinking of doing Chibi Huntress or revamping my Julie cosplay well you got a year to figure it out time starts now yes I'm doing all Dead by Daylight cosplay we'll see what happens oh and one thing because I'm allergic to latex so I couldn't wear a big pig mask so I brought my little pig mask and people liked it I guess
All right.
Well, we will, I'm sure, talk more about TwitchCon as things remind us of that throughout the night.
But we're going to move on with the stories because actually, unlike a lot of weeks here recently on the show where it's kind of like, oh, there's not a lot going on this week.
Actually, a lot happened this week, and it's probably thanks to Tokyo Game Show.
But there's been a lot of stuff kind of happening about the industry and not directly in the industry either.
Loki, you want to tell us about this new law that could change some things in the gaming industry?
Yeah, so in California, Governor Gavin Newsom has signed a law, AB 2426, to combat disappearing purchases of digital games, movies, and music and e-books.
They say it'll force digital storefronts to tell customers that they're just getting a license to use the digital media rather than suggesting that you own it.
and it will ban storefronts from using the terms buy or purchase unless they inform consumers that they're not getting unrestricted access
to whatever they're buying.
I don't know if this necessarily is going to make much of a difference.
I saw a pretty good comparison to essentially like those warning labels that you see on a lot of products where it contains lead or something like that.
It's just they're going to have that label up there, but at the end of the day, is anyone really going to pay attention to it?
Yeah, I highly doubt this changes anything at the end of the day.
I'm more curious about what wordsmithing the lawyers are going to come up with to get around this, basically.
Like, what's the fuzzy language you're going to see on PlayStation Store now?
Because this isn't just going to affect California.
California may have passed the law, but let's be real.
PlayStation is going to have to make the change.
And when we say that, Nintendo, everybody else is going to have to make the change on their storefronts, and it's going to impact everybody.
and I'm kind of curious how they're going to get around the word buy.
And I think they're going to do something like play now.
Access now.
Add to library.
Jump in and play.
Add to library.
I think that's going to be a huge one.
Add to gaming library now.
Again, the lawyers will dig into exactly what they can and can't say but I think they're just going to dance around it in the wording front and not a lot is really going to change.
I mean, I...
I think it is a good thing to kind of put that front of mind and it also feels a little bit like a Hail Mary for the physical industry too because it kind of
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
where that's not possible I'm very curious what happens on that front but you know we'll see what the legal departments come up with yeah Bobby clarifies to be fair they can still say buyer purchase as long as it includes the license verbiage doesn't it have to be the same size as the buy like the license verbiage has to be the same size as buy because if that's the case they're not going to do it it's too that's too much too much wordy on the screen you know what I mean
I feel like they're going to bury it somewhere.
Does it count if they mention it in the EULA?
I feel like it will be buried and it's going to say add to library now or play now for the will be the button.
They're going to get around it because that's what happens all the time with these types of laws.
It's like
How far down this rabbit hole do I want to go?
It's like the plastic bag ban here in California.
Do you know what happened when they did the plastic bag ban?
Stores started selling a different kind of plastic bag.
And you know what's happening?
All those plastic bags are ending up in the trash.
So now they're having to do another bill to basically say you can't sell that plastic bag either.
Yeah.
and it's just, you know, they're gonna- Yeah, but the paper bags suck and I like the new plastic bags.
They're a lot thicker and so they don't, like, just fall apart like the old plastic bags.
Am I the only one that likes a paper bag?
I don't- I find that the paper bag, if it wasn't gonna break, the problem is they put a paper bag, you have a paper bag, and then they put, like, the teensiest- they attach it to a handle that is, like,
Like scotch taped to the bag, practically.
It is just like the weakest garbage ever.
Like Trader Joe's, for example, offers those paper bags.
And more times than not, those handles rip right off.
It's just... I mean, to be fair, you are supposed to use a recyclable bag, I should say.
But it's just like, sometimes...
Sometimes it's just not in the plan.
You go to something last minute and it's just not in the plan.
I don't think they just do it the way they used to.
They still charge you for a bag now but you could bring your own bags and then they just use those.
That's how it used to be.
That's how we used to do it.
I don't know.
I find it so funny that when I go to a store and purchase something
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
SSJ100 Target for a while while they had those bags banned were giving out like for 10 cents you would get one of those like canvas bags and it would just be that was just the standard that they would hand out with it those were cool I'm like totally fine with those if that's what they want to move to because those hold up just fine and it's not plastic but I don't know it it
People need to carry stuff home, and they're just, they're not going to use recycled little bags.
Sorry, it's just not going to happen, so.
Audience chat says, every time I travel to, say, a GDQ and hit up a Target, the fact I have to pay for a bag is so weird.
Well, consider the reverse.
When I go to CVS at DragonCon, and then I'm like, wait, wait, wait, I get plastic bags?
I should, like, smuggle these home in my suitcase so I have something to put the cat litter in when I get home.
I bring my own bags usually when I shop.
I know, and a lot of people do, but sometimes like, you know, just realistically, I could have the bags in the back of the car and it still would make its way into the store.
I can't explain it.
It's just a thing.
Anyway.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of games that we have been playing this week, whether it involved bringing it home in a plastic bag or not.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
Busy.
I played a bunch of the stupid State Farm games and one of them made me play NBA 2K whatever and I hated it.
Sorry.
Don't like sports ball games.
Was that a booth at Twitch or something?
Jake was there.
I got a Jake from State Farm plushie.
Or pop figure, sorry.
He was part of the Twitch Rivals thing for some reason.
Isn't that
And then, like, at the Chevron booth I had to play... It wasn't... Was it Forza?
It was one of those racing games, and I'm used to playing with, like, an actual good wheel and a rig.
And that's the last time, literally, I've played, like, a racing game that wasn't R4.
Is Chevron not, like, a Jake?
Like, George the Gas?
I don't know.
But at any rate, though, like...
Since it was the last day, just for signing up for their little app, you get a $25 gift card, like a gas card, and then they gave me one just for trying the game.
And then this wonderful guy named Luke visiting from Scotland gave me two cards, so I have $100 in Chevron gas.
That bought you the gas to drive down there and back, to be honest.
And I drive a Fiat.
yeah that's a few tanks yeah that's nice just saying um but at any rate um i also can't find where i put them they're somewhere in my luggage um at any rate um i also uh like i said played para para um what was that what's that other not ddr game dance rush stardom yeah i played that that was pretty fun um and we also played uh disney's rave
That was... I'd forgotten how much fun that game was.
And you know, I've played... I haven't played any Dead by Daylight this week, honestly, enough.
But I did play Polya.
And the Suika game, the stupid watermelon game.
And...
and I ran around being absolutely in pain the entire time.
Oh, I wonder if Smuggler's Run counts as a game because I had to push a button a few times and I got a score.
I was going to say, was there like a particular Disneyland ride you enjoyed?
I mean, they're all good, but...
You know I love Rise of the Resistance and I did that shit twice.
Oh, I got flirted with by Kylo Ren.
Oh, fun.
Were you by yourself or were you hanging with other DVD people?
By myself, of course.
That's the best way.
Yeah, because single writer lines.
Well, I mean, not everything has single writer anymore.
But I had this goal that I was going to find a Kylo Ren and defect, just to be silly.
And I found one.
I was like, my lord, I defect to the First Order.
And he gets all up in my face and is like, remember this feeling.
You will remember it every day, the feeling of serving beneath me.
I'm like, oh, you flirting, dude.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yes, Kylo Ren!
Anyway, that was great.
It would only be good if your voice changed just like that.
Yes, Kylo Ren, uwu.
Thank you, daddy, uwu.
But I had such a fun time.
It was...
You know, and like, I actually went, they sell Disney themed Crocs.
And I realized that the problem was that my normal ones that I wear every day are like a size too big.
And so I went and got like sandals.
They're like Minnie Mouse sandals, but they're actually kind of cute.
And I wore those.
They're about the same price as like Crocs sandals would be outside the park.
So I wasn't mad about it.
And then I took out like these like compression bands that I use for art support and ballet class.
and I felt pretty okay the rest of the time you know until I got back and my feet were swollen um but I mean overall it was you know I'd say that a lot of it was more like there was gaming and then there was more gaming adjacent things but I also have to right now go on the record saying that I think if not for ballet I wouldn't have been able to play all those dancing games
and have stamina to do it.
I didn't really have stamina for those dancing games.
The first time I played Dance Rush I had to go back to my hotel with the light down because I was so exhausted and felt sick to my stomach from just over-exerting myself because I had been walking so much already.
I was like, why did I do that?
Well, that last day we played three games of that each and then I did five games of Parapara and then we did DDR.
is because I went because I hadn't played the game before and so I went from like you know I was like oh three stars that's nothing I'll play this seven star one it'll be fine you know and it's like yeah no that's way harder uh that is a lot harder uh it's really fun I just was disappointed that um
some of those songs were locked but I had my EMU's card I should have just scanned it and done that I really wanted to play Gimme a Big Beat because I love that song but I got to watch someone play it and that was just as fun
well I you know what it was I noticed myself doing like um every time it would say down you know when you're supposed to crouch or whatever I would do a plie and I was like man I thought you know my ballet class would be kind of proud of me because like now I just can't help it like if I jump it's like you know my feet go into the little arch and then fall back down and it's like
Ballet has ruined me for doing anything in this game but at least I'm like jumping and crouching properly and my back didn't really hurt so much so it was fun though I had I had a really I want to bring back the Bimani Knights I really do it was so much fun and it was fun because like and Loki I don't know if you got this feeling but it kind of felt like the old days didn't it a little bit yeah
yeah it really did and I was I'd be down for a trip for round one on a weeknight when it's not gonna be super crowded it it honestly was like one of the happiest feelings I think I've had in a long time just it was nostalgia and and just joy it was really a fun time this is actually really funny that you went down a Bimani nostalgia rabbit hole this week hold that thought so anyway if you're all done with your gaming week I'm gonna go to Loki yeah
Loki?
It's basically the stuff I mentioned before.
So Dance Rush Stardom, played a couple games of that.
Disney's Rave played a game of that.
And Minecraft this week, I've been just playing some stuff, just trying to work on the big build for this season.
Still stressing out about it because it's massive and I just need to get past it so that I can
Not stress out about it anymore.
But it's coming along.
It looks really cool.
It's so massive and there's so much to do.
It's very overwhelming.
And then next season I'm going to do something equally overwhelming but a different type of overwhelming so that'll be kind of fun.
And then we have new people joining up next season as well so that'll be fun as well.
I don't know.
I'm just looking forward to it.
But I have like three months I have left to get this done and I feel
The pressure.
It's like, I know how much time this is going to take and I don't have the time.
Plus, I have to get the rest of the park done too.
It's like, too much.
But I do have folks willing to help.
I just need to be able to figure out where I can have them help and then they'll do it.
It's just trying to figure all that out.
Now it's project managing, which is a whole other thing.
Yeah, it's just... The problem is I don't have... When I go into some of these projects, especially with a season, I have a vague idea of what I want to do, but I don't have it all planned out yet.
And so that's where the design process sometimes takes a long time because...
and DarkSakura.com
Based on the number of views that I get, no one's going to notice either way.
No, because that'll be the one that goes viral.
Watch, that'll be the one that Minecraft's going to retweet.
No, it's not.
We all do this.
My friend Jess on Channel 64 does the same thing.
It does end up pushing our quality much higher than other people, but at what cost?
It took them four months to get an episode out.
It's like...
I don't know.
It's a learning process still even three years into it.
Learning the balance polished versus...
you know simplicity to get content out because not everything has to be overly complicated you don't have to have the whole project done for one episode I'm having trouble breaking that habit but next season I will have to because it is impossible to get this project done in one episode it would just be ridiculous so I will have to break that habit
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know what it is I really want to stream.
I'm trying to figure that out and figure out what do I want to get back into.
I was kind of stewing on it.
I think a fun project might be to try to take on old games and try to beat as many as I can on stream.
Because Nintendo doesn't really have an achievement system.
And it's not that I'm a trophy whore.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I was kind of looking at like, okay, well, I wonder if somebody has built some type of mechanism to track maybe like a virtual trophy shelf or something.
And sure enough, and of course, this thing has existed on the internet for over a decade, and I just recently found out about it.
But there's this whole website, and it is emulators for better or for worse.
It is what it is.
Some people have their opinions on it.
I don't mind emulators because quite frankly, they can upscale games and make them really fun and do things with them.
But there's this whole thing called RetroAchievements.org.
And yes, it is a way to have an achievement system through retro games like emulating Nintendo, PlayStation, all of it.
Pretty much if RetroArch runs it, it's something that you can actually use emulators and have this achievement system in.
So I fell down a rabbit hole hard because I was like, okay,
so now this can be like the tracking system to sort of track the different games that I beat and there's even like this you know literal literal virtual yeah Bobby's saying waiting for Rob to discover crowd control next I literally have no idea what that is I'm gonna have to google it but anyway um so I haven't touched emulators in a long time to be honest so I kind of fell down this rabbit hole hard because at first I was like all right well let me see how this whole achievement thing works let me play like a Nintendo NES game and
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Retro Achievements actually sort of builds in a system to define what is the clear criteria for certain games.
And then I sort of realized after that, I was like, oh, you know what?
I would never really be able to stream old school DDR games.
I could go, I just want to go back and play like some DDR third mix, DDR fifth mix.
And that's exactly what I did.
I went in and I started playing some DDR fifth mix.
And like, yeah, there's just like a million achievements for these games because of course there's an achievement for like,
You full comboed on Basic, you full comboed on Trick, you full comboed on Maniac, and all this stuff.
And doubles, Loki, your favorite.
So, like, there's a million things to accomplish, but, like, I have quote-unquote beat DDR third mix at this point because I hit all the criteria, which was basically, I think it was, like, just clear every song.
You click here on progression, and then it says, like, you just have to beat all of these songs, basically, and then it is considered you have beaten the game.
So, according to this website, I have beat...
DDR Third Mix, which is a game I wouldn't really be able to stream anyway because of all the licensed music in it.
I only realized today, I was like, I guess I could stream Konomics.
That's the one DDR that's completely safe would be DDR Konomics because that was all the Konami originals in the US.
So maybe I'll save that one for someday.
And of course, everybody in chat is like,
I love retro achievements.
What do you mean you've never heard of it?
Pixelpaka says, I love retro achievements.
OrangeRite says, retro achievements is great.
Haven't tried it yet, but watch people who use it.
RecordWN in chat says, I played Super Mario 1 for an embarrassing amount of time last year with retro achievements.
So much fun.
S2-100 Matt has framed this perfectly in chat Rob found a shiny Yes
I found a shiny, exactly Bobby Blackwolf says crowd control hooks into games and lets Twitch chat influence your game to either help you or hinder you I've heard of that in like individual games I didn't know that so that's something you can even do in like retro games that's kind of cool, maybe I will look into that that might be kind of fun, who knows so anyway
that's the rabbit hole I fell down this week but DarkSakura when you were talking about kind of rediscovering your love of DDR and Bomani games I feel like I hit that same thing a completely different way like there's the path through the forest that diverge and go two different ways but at the end of the day we got to the same place I think that's really funny I think you liked one of my posts on social media about it because I was playing
I haven't heard some of these songs in a long time.
I remember Erotic and Captain Jack, but I was playing that If You Can Say Goodbye by The Kate Project, which is one of my favorite songs in DDR3 mix.
That song was stuck in my head all day, by the way.
I don't remember the last time I heard that song, right?
And I was playing that in the game, and I got a full combo and everything, and I was like...
Oh my god.
Like, this cheesy-ass Eurodance music really takes me back.
And I think I made a blue sky bleat that said something like, I will never apologize for loving cheesy Eurodance music.
No takebacks.
Doubling down.
Because it's true.
There's something about the cheesy songs that take me back to that place.
So, it's pretty amazing.
Alright.
Yeah, SS2100Matt says, gotta love a good Venn diagram, especially when it's Bomani related.
Certainly, certainly.
So that's a rabbit hole.
I will continue to find myself down off stream, but on stream, I will plan to take on some challenges next week.
And I already know what I want the first game to be because I believe in my heart of hearts, every retro project should always start from here on out with this game.
And of course, you know, I'm going to leave you with that teaser.
Tune in next week.
I'll tell you what it was next week.
So, all right.
With that, we're going to get into some more gaming news.
Before we get to that, though, I did just want to mention real quick, as I am aware that there's a big hurricane that happened on the East Coast, Hurricane Helene.
They shut down the Waffle House.
Yeah, and so you know shit got real if Waffle Houses were closing.
But on a serious note, I know that people passed away because of this, which is really, really sad.
But I know we may have some folks that live in western North Carolina or eastern Georgia that may have been impacted by this.
Bobby's in Atlanta.
He was fine.
I guess the original path of the hurricane was supposed to go his way, but it kind of veered a little more towards North Carolina.
But regardless of where it went, I hope those of you that were impacted by that are A-OK.
I was really sorry to hear about that.
Actually, and funny enough, I got a text during the show here at the beginning from one of my friends asking if I've heard from Extifer, because Extifer lives in North Carolina.
And yes, Xfer made a post this morning.
Xfer also lives in the Raleigh-Carrie-Durham Triangle area and which was, I believe, got a lot of rain.
Kind of similar to Atlanta.
A lot of rain, but not the full force of the storm.
So yeah, DJ Ranma S in chat says, one of my friends lost her trailer and everything.
That's really, that's really, really sad to hear.
I'm really sorry to hear that.
Um, so yeah, just anybody who may have been in the path of all that from Florida, because I know we have a lot of listeners in Florida.
Um, and I'm not sure I haven't checked in with last time I talked to X-Link.
That was a very long time ago.
I know he was in North Florida, so I don't know if he was impacted by any of that, but yeah, you know, I'm just, you know, I think about y'all that live in that part of the country often when these, uh, news happens.
So I hope you all are a okay.
All right.
Let's move on and get into some gaming news.
Oh, X-Link is in New York now.
I somehow missed the memo, but as far as this news is concerned, good.
I'm glad to hear it.
All right.
Let's move on with some gaming news and headlines and talk about what is going on this week in gaming, including Loki, Tokyo Game Show, right?
We got a lot out of that.
So there was an Xbox event at Tokyo Game Show, which you're like, well, why?
Because they're going to...
I guess they're still trying, so that's good.
Are they finally making a ploy for Japan again?
They're trying, I guess.
They had a bunch of trailers that they showed off, so starting off with a new trailer for Metal Gear Solid 3 Remake.
However, though, there's still no release date for it.
They had Overwatch 2 as getting a My Hero Academia mashup with new skins.
there's going to be an expansion coming to Age of Mythology Retold called Immortal Pillars that's coming to PC and Xbox Series X and S and let's see StarCraft 1 and 2 are going to be hitting Game Pass in November on PC that's pretty cool, November 5th
We have Tanuki Pon Summer, which is a BMX-like sim.
Is that Tanuki riding a bike?
Because that looks amazing.
It's from the makers of Curse of Golf.
Okay, it's going to be cute then.
It's a cel-shaded game inspired by Japanese small towns, and it's a construction sim with BMX tricks.
Okay, sold.
Done.
I'm buying it.
I don't know what it is, but I'm buying it.
It's cute.
No release date for that, though.
Good job, Microsoft.
You got him.
Got me.
Got him.
We have Threads of Time is coming out.
It's an HD2D RPG.
That's no release date on that, but it looks pretty cool.
We Love Katamari Reroll is on Game Pass.
We Love Katamari Reroll and Royal Reverie.
That's going to be awesome.
Check that out again, although I have it in my library already.
Frag Punk.
The Alchemists of Memories and the Envisioned Land
Sin Duality, Echoes of Ada, coming January 2025.
It's a third-person extraction shooter with a bunch of mechs.
That's pretty cool.
And Fallout 76 is getting pets.
It's all about the dog.
But in this case, you'll have dogs, cats, and other furry companions.
We're going to have cats that can kill things like...
What was your dog in Fallout 4?
Dog meat?
Is it going to be cat meat?
Suikoden Remaster is going to be Suikoden 1 and 2 Remasters.
I guess those are coming to Xbox as well.
And they showed off some more stuff for that.
All you need is help.
QGames, known for the PixelJunk franchise.
They have a multiplayer party game called All You Need Is Help.
It kind of looks like that Yarn Yoshi game, but it's a 3D Tetris type game with kind of that Yarn aesthetic to it.
Coming to Xbox Series X and S. PC and Game Pass.
Fun fun.
And then, of course, we've got...
Slitherhead, which was from the original director of Silent Hill.
So more shown on that.
Looks creepy.
Coming out on November 8th.
And then Starbites Tales of the Desert is a new sci-fi RPG.
I'm getting kind of like.
Fancy Star Online vibes, I guess, sort of, but the game looks sort of like Mega Man Legends.
So that's kind of cool.
Dragon Quest 3 HD 2D Remake is including a new class that's pretty cool and then oh yeah, Monster Wrangler is the new class that you'll get to be able to learn and use enemy abilities, that sounds like Final Fantasy 4 Final Fantasy 1 through 6 Pixel Remasters finally on Xbox X and S
and uh yeah I think the only bummer is it kind of feels like too late you know like I feel like most people that one of those games already picked them up if not the original release on PC then picked them up on you know PlayStation or Switch like you know Xbox being last to the ball really only caters to those where Xbox is their primary gaming system of
of which I do know a few people.
I know a fair percentage of people that, you know, they don't have a high-end PC, and so yes, their Xbox, especially Series S, being the, you know, a little more budget-friendly option, is the primary gaming device.
So I am happy for those folks, but it just, in some ways, it feels like, talk about being late to the ball.
Yeah.
Square Enix had a new trailer for the Mana port, so the Legend of Mana port,
and was it Trials of Mana?
They're also going to have a lot of that supported to Xbox PC and it's going to be on Game Pass as well.
The Mana games on Game Pass are a pretty big deal.
Trials and not Vision, the newest one, Visions, isn't on Game Pass but Trials and Legend, the PS1 reimagining is there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
so that's everything for the Tokyo Game Show Xbox showcase we also had on quickly before you go to the other what do you think of that like do you think they did enough like I think it's nice I mean it's one of those things you kind of go well at least they acknowledged Xbox acknowledged Japan you tried they certainly put some effort in I don't know we'll have to see what Japan thinks about it I mean true
I mean, I don't know, some of that stuff, like the Pixel Remasters doesn't really mean anything to me because it's like, I could play them on PC for a while now I agree with Mike Defko, Trials and Legends on Game Pass is great, I do agree like some of those Game Pass, and then We Heart Katamari also being on Game Pass great, especially when it feels like Game Pass has maybe been losing a little bit of value recently.
But that's been out forever though, I mean like I understand, like that's cool For people that didn't pick it up, and now Game Pass you know, it's included, it's
Every game they put on Game Pass enhances the value a little bit, right?
It's needed.
And the more like, you know, rooted in Japanese development type of games they can get on there, I think is good, not just for the Japanese audience, but really there's a large audience here in the States that likes to play Japanese developed games, you know, sometimes exclusively so almost.
So I think getting that type of stuff is huge.
I'm going to be one of those playing that, you know, that game with the Tanuki and the BMX bike.
Oh, you mean Minecraft?
I'm just kidding.
If only they had Tanooki and a BMX bike in Minecraft.
I mean, modded probably, but you know.
Alright, so not just Xbox, but...
but PlayStation so we had a state of play they showed off quite a few things with that as well first thing we had was a brand new free expansion or update for Astro Bot which is going to add new character cameos including those from Helldivers and Stellar Blade that's coming in this fall and
we had a trailer for something called Midnight Walk which is by the developers of Lost and Random it's a stop motion style horror game looks kind of creepy it's going to be out on PlayStation 5 and PlayStation VR 2 also a game called Hell Is Us
It's a science fiction Souls-like game, which I thought almost was Death Stranding at first, because the style of the costumes and everything looks very Death Stranding-like, but it is not.
And yeah, it's creepy looking.
Then we had Metro Awakening VR.
It is a new game in the Metro series that is coming out on PlayStation VR 2 on November 7th.
and yeah, I like the Metro series.
It's kind of cool.
We had ArcheAge Chronicles.
It's a fantasy action game, which looks pretty cool.
And that's going to have some multiplayer as well coming out on PlayStation 5 in 2025.
Palworld announced for the PlayStation 5.
That timing couldn't be any more awkward.
Hold that thought.
Yeah, it's coming.
Yes, we're going to talk about it next.
Hold that thought.
Lunar Remastered Collection, which is including Lunar The Silver Star Story Complete and Lunar Eternal Blue Complete with updated visuals.
The number of friends I have that said, that's all I needed.
Pack it up.
That's it.
That's the announcement for me.
Fuck everything else.
Pack it up.
I get it.
I get it.
I do.
Yeah, it's got updated visuals, widescreen mode, and it's coming out on PlayStation 5 and PlayStation 4 in 2025.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Shredder's Revenge, which is also showing, they were showing off the new update Radical Reptiles DLC, which adds Mondo Gecko and Mona Lisa as new playable characters.
as well as the game getting a remixed an additional remixed soundtrack with several guest composers including I saw Onomatoguchi which is awesome.
So that is available now.
We have the Sonic Sonic X Shadow Generations is getting some new levels based off of the new film as well as
Keanu Reeves voicing Shadow in the update as well and that is coming out December 12th
then we have Fantasian Neo Dimension yeah Fantasian Neo Dimension which they showed off has the Nobuo Matsu music in it as well coming out on December 5th on PlayStation 4 and 5 it's a turn-based RPG thank god another turn-based RPG DarkSakura streamed that on that was on Apple Arcade exclusive
I like that you can store your random encounters and do them all at once.
That's pretty cool.
Oh, that's funny.
BioWare showed off new footage for Dragon Age Veilguard.
Oh fuck, that's coming too in October.
October 31st.
I'm going to be broke.
I'm not even as into Dragon Age as you, Shane, and a lot of other people I know.
This looks great.
Please don't let me down.
I can't wait for the reviews to come out.
Not that I let the reviews dictate, but it's a decent barometer.
If all of the reviewers are saying, Duty...
or a 10 out of 10 amazing, then it's a pretty decent barometer of where it's going to go.
Or if they just pull all the reviews, pull all the review copies before it goes out, that always is a good sign as well.
Unless that game gets delayed, which it did.
The Lake House, Alan Wake 2's new expansion is coming in October and looks creepy.
At first I thought this was almost like a game based off of Cabin in the Woods.
That's what the vibes were I was getting from that.
I was like, holy, they're making a game based off Cabin in the Woods?
Not an M. Night Shyamalan game.
Well, Cabin in the Woods, wasn't it?
Whedon?
I'm thinking of a different movie.
Never mind.
No, I know what you're thinking.
You're thinking of... The Village?
No, the one where the people show up and tell the gay couple they have to kill each other or all of humanity is going to die or something like that.
Oh, yeah, The Watchers or something like that.
I don't remember.
To be fair, it took place in the Cabin in the Woods.
and then Hitman World of Assassination on PlayStation VR 2.
Looked kind of cool.
Not gonna lie.
Legend of Kain Soul Reaver 1 and 2 Remastered which leaked out early but you know they officially announced it as well so that's coming December 10th on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Fear the Spotlight is
Apparently one of the new Blumhouse horror games that's being developed.
Remember during Summer Game Fest when they announced that they were going to have all those games coming?
Yeah, so that's PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 coming out October 22nd.
Towers of Azaba.
It's an island building game coming to early access in November.
Lego Fortnite is coming.
I thought that was already available on console, but they're going to be doing a Lego Fortnite DualSense controller or a Fortnite DualSense controller.
Oh, that's right.
Split screen mode is coming to PlayStation 5.
So that's kind of cool.
So you can play a two-player LEGO Fortnite split screen on one system.
But then they're also doing a Fortnite DualSense controller, which is available for pre-order soon.
um and then Dynasty Warriors Sia Tiberius said it in chat and this is going to bug me if no one did Sia Tiberius says the movie I was thinking of is called Knock at the Cabin but it's based off a book called Cabin at the End of the World so the cabin cabin something close gotcha um not that I'm confused with Cabin Fever whole different movie um Dynasty Warriors Origins um
it is a Dynasty Warriors game I can confirm that with the trailer that is coming out January 17th we got an extended trailer for Monster Hunter Wilds um
I'm excited for those people that like Monster Hunter I am not one of them unfortunately I never get into Monster Hunter games except Monster Hunter Now is so good like that is so fun to play with friends like and they the quality of life updates they've done in that this is a Niantic game like Pokemon Go but it's done it's done by the Niantic Japan so whatever studio they acquired they turned into Niantic Japan does the Monster Hunter Now game and when I tell you
if you play Pokemon Go check out Monster Hunter now just to see what kind of quality of life features they have so you can be so fucking mad that they aren't in Pokemon Go because it's so good like anyway but the reason why I say that is it kind of makes me want to go play the mainline Monster Hunter games because the monsters all come from the mainline Monster Hunter games I'm like oh I could kind of get into this if this is what like the Monster Hunter mainline games are
I know what's great is like all this talk about Monster Hunter and this and that we all forgot that Monster Hunter the movie was actually a thing but now you remember um I'll forget again thanks it's alright we'll all forget uh so Horizon um we got a new trailer for Lego Horizon Adventures which looks kinda cool uh that's gonna be coming out here very soon um
However, and this I think fits into that same camp of, you know, the remaster that we just had with The Last of Us, which is like, why are we remastering this again?
But Horizon Zero Dawn remastered is a thing that's coming out.
So that's being remastered just even though that game...
original PlayStation 4 game came out not that long ago however if you do own the original PlayStation 4 version you can just upgrade for $10 so at least that's good yeah that's good and the The Last of Us upgrades and all that and the other games they've gone back and done that with seem to do decently so I'm not really surprised I also think it's I think there's probably going to be PS5 Pro enhancements in that and that's what they really want to show off I think that's well they didn't really show yeah I don't know
The PS5 Pro didn't really land with us here at OLR, so I'm sure they're trying to put more and more into that wherever they can.
Yeah, but the remaster is rumored to be coming to PC and PlayStation 5, so that'd be cool.
Then we have Stellar Blade is getting a photo update as well as Nier Automata crossover collaboration content that's coming out later this year.
we also got some more talk about PlayStation Plus which you're going to be able to get the Dead Space remake Doki Doki Literature Club WWE 2K24 as well as Blood Omen Legacy of Kain and Dino Crisis from the original PlayStation are going to be added to the Classic Collection The Last of Us Part 1 will be joining the PlayStation Plus game catalog
already, as of Thursday, to commemorate The Last of Us Day, a made-up holiday.
Chroma Collection.
So PlayStation, they're going to have some console covers and controllers that are, like, shiny.
They have, like, a metallic purple, a metallic white.
I guess it's kind of, like, iridescent.
And then some metallic green color.
It'd look nice.
Wouldn't buy them, though.
and uh talking about PlayStation 5 Pro updates they listed some of the games they're going to be supporting uh new enhancements for PlayStation 5 Pro including you know Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth, Horizon Forbidden West, Last of Us Part II, Gran Turismo 7, Outlaw Wake 2 and so on and so forth lots of games um
and then the big hey look at this we've got one more thing Ghost of Yotai and looks amazing so amazing so that Assassin's Creed got delayed wow the power the power it has to just knock Assassin's Creed into next year it's like oh this game looks awesome Assassin's Creed will be released in our game in February now is Ghost of Yotai coming out this year?
I don't think so.
I assumed it was a 2025 game.
Yeah, so what's Assassin's Creed running from?
Yeah, 2025.
What's Assassin's Creed running from then?
I don't know.
I don't know if it's because of that, but they had originally pulled review copies.
Reviewers weren't going to get review copies, and then they delayed it.
Oh, that means, yeah, broken bugs.
Okay, interesting.
QuestBuster in chat says, Ghost of Yotei looks so good as a Ghost of Tsushima fan.
It does.
I can't wait.
It looks... That game, that right there, that's a perfect game to showcase.
But here's the thing, though.
Put that quote on the back of the box.
Loki, OLR, it's a perfect game.
No, no, no, no, no.
Hold on, hold on.
I'm not endorsing anything.
I'm just saying.
So...
What they showed off looks incredible, but the reason why... We don't know if that's PlayStation 5 Pro footage or PlayStation 5 footage.
Like, is it... Oh, they said this is like PlayStation 5...
or PlayStation Pro footage or whatever like that, then that could possibly sell the console.
But it could be just that this is being shown off and make the assumption that it's a pro that's doing this and not the regular console.
Which is a safe assumption to make.
Everything here on out at a Sony show that is in-game footage is being done on a pro.
Bet.
There's no reason for them not to.
Yeah, but what's it going to look like on a regular PlayStation 5 then?
I don't know.
Why should they bother showing you?
because they still sell those consoles and I would like to know what it looks like.
It'll be shelved away on a YouTube comparison video somewhere.
You'll find it if you know where to look.
yeah all right digital foundry waiting for your review lots of big game announcements this week with Tokyo Game Show and the Sony State of Play lots of big stuff to look forward to um and that's not even where the big news ends because we had another major development on another front on the Nintendo front and yes we're going to talk about the shoe and
PowerWorld.
That's right.
The shoe showed up and said that it wasn't Gavin opening the ceiling and the microphones fall out.
Nope.
A Nintendo opened a trap door and a shoe fell.
And that's right.
The other shoe, it finally dropped.
On to PowerWorld thing.
You might remember that back in January...
January, the Pokemon company said they were going to investigate PAL World.
And we were sitting there going, oh, give it a few weeks.
It's going to happen.
We're done.
And nothing ever kind of happened.
And it was kind of getting to the point where we were like, well, is Nintendo even going to do anything at this point?
Well, here it is.
September 18th, Nintendo and the Pokemon company released a statement saying they are suing PAL World developer Pocket Pair on the grounds of patent infringement.
The full statement says, Nintendo, together with the Pokemon Company, filed a patent infringement lawsuit in the Tokyo District Court against Pocket Pair Inc.
on September 18, 2024.
The lawsuit seeks an injunction against infringement and compensation for damages on the grounds that Palworld, a game developed and released by the defendant, infringes multiple patent rights.
and DarkSakura.
So this is going to be something that's handled in the Japanese court.
So I'm not sure why all the websites are going to American lawyers comment on it, but sure, we got that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Those pals in Palworld, some of them look very inspired by and in a questionable gray zone of legally distinct from Pokemon stuff.
And there have been some social media posts that really, like the people that opened the fucking models in Blender and shit and really took a deep dive to be like, yo, this is really close.
And I thought that would be the stuff that Nintendo would latch onto and then take into court.
But that does not appear what's happening at all because this is a patent lawsuit.
And to be honest, I'm not sure I get this.
And I'm going to explain why.
Because, well, again, we don't know what patent  we do not know what patent it is.
There's a lot of theories as to what patent it is.
There's a lot of people that have been doing some investigating trying to figure this out.
And the most 
I'm going to use your word, everybody.
Get the shot glass ready.
The most plausible scenario is that it has to do with Pokemon's mechanic of basically throwing a ball at a monster.
The monster goes in the ball, and the ball is yours to keep.
That, in a nutshell, and I'm paraphrasing, is the patent that Nintendo may have actually filed in the last year.
That's another thing people are trying to figure out.
so that they could go after PAL World.
But it is, well, it's weird to me that they're doing this and not the trademark copyright thing.
But, you know, the fact that it's taken nine months, there's been a lot of meetings.
And for whatever reason, Nintendo's legal team feels like this is the way to go.
But trust, if they went and filed a patent, if they decided to go about it this way,
Their problem is what the Pokemon look like.
I even called them Pokemon.
Oops.
Put that in court.
The pals look too much like Pokemon.
That's the real problem.
This is what everybody's pissed off about in Nintendo and Pokemon companies' world.
I actually think it's a little bit dangerous for Nintendo to have that sort of patent on that mechanic because there's a lot of fan Pokemon games and things that have come out that are legally distinct enough from Pokemon that these are very clearly like...
They're pocket monster collecting games.
They're made out of a love of Pokemon and that whole world.
They're not going to infringe on anything.
They should be allowed to exist as well.
And if Nintendo is able to kind of get Power World on that, I almost think it's a little bit dangerous.
But just because I don't like it doesn't mean it isn't the way the world is going to work.
And do you know what a great example of that is?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and some of his, at the time he was doing a lot of mobile gaming projects.
I remember I ran into him at PAX and that's PAX East.
That's how the whole thing started where we did the interview on the show and he was doing a lot of mobile games at the time.
And the reason why I say go listen to that interview, he talked a lot about patents and what Konami basically owned in the music space and
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and the default is that and it's five panel I'm inferring because again he hadn't created the game yet at the time but I'm inferring that's what because it's again to get distinct enough from that patent because in that whole experience if Konami really wants to go after you they will there was a lot of other music games they didn't go after but they went after that one
and you know again I'm not trying to rehash old history but I can't help but see a little bit of a parallel here between that and if Konami really wants to shut the game down they will and what Nintendo is trying to do here with this whole thing.
Thank you.
SSJ100Matt says episode 596 date May 3rd, 2015.
So you'll have to actually go to the OL Archive to find it.
I don't think that's... Actually, no.
I think our live... Actually, I want to say our server goes back to episode 500.
So that might still actually live on our servers if you want to check that out.
It was a really, really good interview.
Again, that's a nine-year-old interview at this point, so keep that in mind.
But it's good.
And Dark Tetsuya does remind us, by the way, the OLR wiki is back.
There was a hold.
Yes, it is.
Thank God.
The OLR Wiki is back.
Thank you to DarkTetsuya.
I believe Bobby Blackwolf had a hand in that.
I know OrangeRite has done some updating.
So thank you to everybody who got the OLR Wiki back online.
Apparently there was a transcript of a Travis Donovan spinoff show.
That they did not care for I know, I was like, once I heard Oh, it was a Travis Donovan show I was kind of like, what the fuck was a transcript Of one of his shows doing on the Not that, I love Travis, it's not that It's just, I know he says a lot of Back in the day, he said a lot of crude things And I was like, why was that living on the wiki anyway?
I love Travis We wouldn't be here if it wasn't for him Please don't get me wrong But I'm just like The man is a living explicit tag Like
All right, anyway.
We love him more.
That's right.
All right.
That's right.
Anyway, RecoWN in chat says, sounds like there's a problem with games and patent law.
Yep.
Patenting such specific ideas seems wild.
Yep.
I would say that there's a problem with patent law, period.
I think that whole thing, especially in light of the California law we talked about at the top of the show.
This really screams that this entire thing needs looked at because obviously the technology is evolving faster than the law is.
And we all know why because the fucking politicians can't agree on shit.
And they get paid to not care.
But they've got to figure this out because, well, and then of course I say that, but this issue was filed in Japan.
So honestly, it actually wouldn't matter.
But I feel like when it comes to especially Hollywood-related things, it's kind of like the California law is going to change the way the rest of the country goes.
Now, I think it would be a bit bold to say a change in American law would change the way the rest of the world goes, but...
How about European laws?
Some of the European technology laws are changing the way it goes for everybody else.
It can happen.
Wasn't there some laws that were in place in China or something like that that was about the loot box percentages, like the drop rates or something like that?
I actually feel like that was Belgium.
I feel like it was one of the across the Atlantic.
I don't think it was China.
It may have been China too, but I want to say it was one of the across the Atlantic countries that did that.
and yeah had an effect so yeah yeah anyway it's going to be interesting to see where this ends up but the reality is hashtag it's complicated us armchair experts do not have an easy solution to this so I'm curious to see how this plays out but I will say as much as I think like look
multiple things can be true I can sit here and say I see how PowWorld is not Pokemon with guns and that hashtag did that game dirty or I should say that subtitle that a bunch of journalists slapped on that game that subtitle did that game dirty that game is not Pokemon with guns
I can say that and notice this game is more of a survival-based game that kind of takes some of these mechanics and it does different things.
Actually, it's not Pokemon at all, actually.
I can sit there and say that is true, but then I can also say, but damn, they lifted those monster graphics straight out of Pokemon and made changes to them.
They did.
I'm sorry.
They sure did.
I'm really not going to be convinced otherwise.
Sorry.
Both those things can be true.
So it is a little weird for me to go, it's weird that Nintendo is going to possibly go after them on the first of those things rather than the second.
And that's where this gets really muddy for me.
And I actually, I'm not sure I want Nintendo to win that kind of patent lawsuit because what's that going to do to all the fan games?
So my point is, I think Nintendo does have a case against Palworld.
I didn't think this was the case.
But I'm not a lawyer.
It doesn't fucking matter what I think.
SGO and Hunter Matt says, yeah, this isn't Nintendo taking down a fun fan project remaking a Nintendo title.
Nintendo has a case here.
True.
But we see Nintendo going after a lot of the other stuff.
I mean, you know, with fan titles, fan titles is always a gray area, right?
Like they go after some, you know, thing like that, like the music on YouTube and things like that, where it's just kind of like one of those, like, can't you just let it go?
Like they go after these weird things sometimes.
And I think we all know Nintendo can sometimes be overly litigious, right?
and again, I think they've got a case against Palworld but in a different way but I think here's the thing, if they'd gone against just the monsters that lets Pocket Pair change out the monsters and still keep the game Nintendo wants their fucking head, that's what this is about Nintendo wants them to have to gut something that gets the game pulled completely
That's the key difference here.
Nintendo's going for their head.
They're going to totally try to copy it is what they're going to do.
They're going to kill that game and then they're going to copy the mechanics of it.
Not with the guns, but the survival aspect.
There'll be some new Pokemon game that has survival stuff and then they do that.
Oh my God.
You know what, Loki?
I hate to say it.
I think you are absolutely right.
or, or, or
They already have one in development, and they're worried that they're going to call the PAL world ripoff.
And so they're just trying to kill them.
Either way, though, it's just petty to try to kill off another game company.
Well, but to be fair to Nintendo...
That game company lifted the Pokemon.
Like, let's be real.
I mean, that's fair.
There can be only one.
That is true.
I mean, there are a lot of companies that are blatantly trying to steal things and completely copy that.
Like, the other one we talked about that was basically like a survival game with a very strong Animal Crossing aesthetic to it.
Yeah.
Now, MikeDev does point out in chat, has some opinions here talking about, you know, Power World plays different than Pokemon and talking about we already have Legends Arceus.
for fuck's sake.
It has survival elements already.
Maybe there's something about Pokemon ZA that they want to do that they think Power World... Let's be real.
Nintendo's just pissed off about the rampant success of Power World and wants to shut it down.
That's what it is.
Again, I think Nintendo has a case.
I just didn't think they had this case.
But I'm not a lawyer.
Also,
also make sure that your target has some blood in that stone to squeeze out that was something I said earlier in chat but I also think there's an advantage to waiting to see to gauge exactly what success and income is going to be off of that profit that they're making and then plan accordingly
Now, real quick before we get to our next story, I want to mention another Nintendo lawsuit story.
But, you know, even if this one you are angry at, you think it stifles competition or whatever, I think this next one we can all agree.
I am with Nintendo's lawyers on this.
I don't know.
Somebody out there will be contrarian.
But I am with Nintendo's lawyers on this one.
And that is Nintendo is now apparently going after...
I hate calling it X, but since we're talking about a lawsuit... This is Twitter.
It's Twitter.
It's Twitter.
But Nintendo is going after Twitter because it's Grok, the AI chatbot that's integrated into the Twitter X platform.
It includes AI-generated images, including images of Mario.
And Grock doesn't seem to have some of the same safety mechanisms in place that other AI programs and chatbots do.
So you can actually get it to do Mario to do things that Nintendo would not want to see Mario doing, like smoking, drinking.
Apparently there are AI-generated images of Mario that were made on Grock that have been hit by
with DMCA takedowns those were handled by a company called Tracer which is supposedly doing this on Nintendo's behalf but of course there has been no comment at this time but this is the one where you go yeah this one makes sense so anyway I'm all for Nintendo taking Elon Musk's money do that get him get him get him alright
Let's move on.
Let's talk about this next story about another company's leadership structure that needs to get got.
And DarkSakura, give us some light on this.
So, yeah, Ubisoft.
I don't know really what to say about Ubisoft that we haven't already really said, but their shareholders are not good.
so at any rate it actually is going to go back another step is that they had with poor sales of Star Wars Outlaws there are even more shadows that are just going over them they've had to postpone the release date of Assassin's Creed Shadows and they've taken a financial hit for all of this and Guillaumont has said that they had started an investigation
uh looking better at their financial targets and how to better do a player-centric approach to all of you know their basically we just want to make we want their money we want their money also that they'll do an investigation for but not the um all the sexual harassment and mismanagement in the company there's more there's more um he put out a letter to the employees stating that um
that he was trying to learn from a mistake to be a good motivation for future action and had talked about making changes in their upper management.
but the big thing is that investors are really loud about wanting to boot him out of the company like a big old boot to the ass and we agree but there's now a little bit more where 10% of the shareholders are supporting an option to sell the company
sell to an outside source.
And this was pretty much brought out by AJ Investments and the same company wanting the removal of Guillemot as a CEO.
They managed to gain support from 10% of the company's shareholders to push this.
They wanted to sell to, quote, external entities or as part of the so-called, quote, private equity for a pair price.
So there hasn't been any announcement out there from either Gamont or from Tencent, the two highest shareholders of the company.
But we'll see what happens.
I find this news to be exciting, quite frankly.
And I understand this AJ Holdings may be some sort of activist shareholding company, but in this case, I'm all for this kind of activism because I really feel like what they are doing... We said this years ago.
Remember when Konami made all these shitty decisions back to back to back and we really landed on the whole, if you really want to affect change at a company, you're going to have to be a shareholder.
And as SSJ100Matt puts it in chat, which is...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Um.
QuestBuster in chat says Ubisoft has been trying to catch up with the rest of the industry for years
with extremely mixed results burning through so much talent and cash and let's be real there have been tons of shitty stories out of Ubisoft recently and I'm sorry to the front end employees that are working their ass off there you know trying to create good products I'm not saying like every Ubisoft game is shit but I am saying there are a lot of shit policies that are coming from the very top out of Ubisoft remember the thing about AI writing quests and dialogue and all that shit guess what company jumped onto that train early
Choo Choo.
That's right.
It was Ubisoft did that.
Guess what company pulled the crew from sales so hard that now California has passed a law to make it so that that is going to be a bunch.
I have to be more transparent in the future.
That's right.
It's Ubisoft.
Well, they also forced an offline mode to be developed for the crew to
Motorfest and The Crew 2 I think as well there is no easy way to put it and the shareholders need to hear it and congratulations to the 10% that have Yves Guillemont is the problem cut him out
You know it's not gonna happen, though.
They'll let the company sink before they let them go unless they get an even bigger majority to push the issue.
I have 10% faith.
and maybe it'll grow by next week now of course it should be noted and I you might I just bolding underlining it the Gilmont's actually own a stake in Ubisoft that's going to make this whole thing a lot shittier and Tencent but they're the two biggest holders Tencent probably has a lot more money to buy out that stuff that share if they wanted to which I I feel is how this whole thing ends I think Tencent buys the rest of it out but we'll see we'll see what happens
and then Gamonk gets a huge payout and that's gonna be the worst part oh god so angry so angry, alright, anyway let's talk about, we need to go visit a happy place, so Loki let's go to your happy place, let's go to Minecraft because Minecraft had some updates this week as well, right?
Yes, Minecraft Live 2024 just was on Saturday, and they announced a few things.
So, first thing they announced before all of this is that they're going to be focusing on smaller updates going forward instead of a larger themed update, which makes sense because the last few themed updates, they've been just putting stuff out and trying to... It's like, okay, we've got all these pieces...
What is the picture that this makes?
Tales and Trails?
There you go!
It felt very disjointed, some of the stuff that they would put out.
But now it's focused on much smaller things, and some of these are called Game Drops now, these smaller updates.
So the first Game Drop that's right around the corner is the Bundles of Bravery, and what that is is essentially...
Bundles coming out of it being an experimental feature in the game.
They have now dyeable colors of the bundles and everything.
And hardcore mode for Bedrock.
God, I hope they fix all the bugs of that because that was so buggy.
But that's supposed to be coming out very soon.
I think probably by the end of next month.
Then, of course, the fun part, all of their announcements for the new biome got leaked.
So, first, first, they leaked it themselves.
They updated their page with the recap information for the event before it went live.
Whoopsie, everybody.
We actually found it and posted about it online and stuff.
And then it started to spread.
But then...
then later somebody who was in charge I think of subtitling the the after show video started leaking screenshots from the video and so there was that as well which basically leaked all of the announcements so what were those announcements a brand new biome to the game that's kind of a different take on the dark oak forest called the pale garden it's like a very desaturated uh
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and um it's less of a dark black forest and more of a dark gray forest I guess um
so you can't actually kill this mob you have to when you hit it it basically creates this like particle effect that points to a creaking heart which is within these trees so think of like the creaking as like a puppet and these trees are where are controlling it and so you can actually you have to take that heart out of the tree in order to be able to defeat the monster and
and then um it has a new white wood type with like black bark which is it's all right but that's uh the the smaller drop that's going to be coming later on uh possibly within they said within the next few months they're also promising that they're going to be doing Minecraft lives instead of once a year it's going to be twice a year so the next one's going to be in the spring of 2025 and we'll hear more about that but more importantly we also heard about
They showed a scene and a little bit of behind the scenes of the Minecraft movie, which I have to say did a better job of showcasing the Minecraft movie than the trailer that they had out.
But we did get a little bit more context to the scene from the trailer where Jason Momoa's character is making something on the crafting table and makes some weird bucket thing with chains and stuff.
So essentially Jason Momoa's character is supposed to be playing kind of like a...
80s video game champion type guy I think Billy Mitchell but now thrown into this world and he thinks he's like a know-it-all but doesn't really know anything not a fraud yeah and then of course there's like other characters the character Nathan who's the little boy he is like a maker kind of like a makerspace and maybe like a modder as well of Minecraft and
and um I'm not sure who the the female character is or the the other two characters but um
We'll have to wait and see.
But it was neat to see all the behind-the-scenes stuff.
They have Weta working on the props and everything.
It looks really cool.
Up close, they're showing all the physical props in the movie.
It looked really, really cool.
So I'm kind of excited about it.
We'll see.
I think it still could be kind of dumb, but a little bit more confident since they are working with
you know Mojang and content creators that are really fans of Minecraft and just to make sure that they've got the right feeling for the movie so we'll see give it give it some you know chance um and then last thing was there's gonna be a live experience for Minecraft an interactive experience uh starting in Dallas called uh Minecraft Villager Rescue and it is like these interactive rooms that can go in and they have all these uh different videos projected onto the wall and you can kind of interact with them
in real life, so that's kind of cool.
Like I said, coming first to Dallas and then not sure if it's going to be coming to other locales later on, but maybe.
We'll have to wait and see.
Lots of stuff, but yeah, it's interesting.
I don't know.
The new biome and stuff is kind of alright, but we'll see what other stuff comes out a little bit later on.
Alright.
Exciting stuff ahead for Minecraft.
Let's move on and talk about a game that's excited a lot of people this weekend We have yet to talk about Zelda Echoes of Wisdom which just came out over this weekend I think it released Thursday night, Friday So I think some of you in chat have probably had a chance to play it Very curious what those of you in chat think about it
As we are taping live over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
But we're getting to hear a little bit about some of the development behind the scenes about this game, Zelda Echoes of Wisdom.
I actually had no idea about this, but did you know that the director for this game is Tomomi Sano, who would now be the first female director of a Zelda game?
I did not know that with this, so that's pretty cool.
And recently she did a Ask the Developer blog with, of course...
Anuma, the producer behind the game, and Grezzo, which I think is another studio that helped with this game, Satoshi Terada.
And they were talking a little bit about the development of the game and how originally in developing this game, Link was going to be the protagonist.
But in developing the game, it was realized that if Link still has a sword and shield, why would the echoes and the new concepts be something that was used?
And so in a quote, Tarada from Grezzo said...
Echoes plus a sword and shield, it just didn't work well together.
There's a wide variety of Echoes, so to get the most out of the gameplay, we decided to stick with Echoes only.
And so Anuma kind of tagging onto that said, if that's the case, it must be someone who doesn't fight with a sword and shield, right?
Who in the series would be a good fit for those powers and bring their insight to them?
Well, that would have to be Princess Zelda.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And they admit, you know, there's been that feedback over the years.
Will Princess Zelda ever be the protagonist?
I'd like to play as Princess Zelda.
And in response, Anuma said, when asked this question, I've always thought, of course, as long as it makes sense for the game and does justice to her as a character to be the protagonist.
I'd been trying in vain to figure out what would really do justice to her.
But when I saw the team struggling to identify the ideal protagonist for this game, I thought, this is exactly the game for her.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't think the timeline and all that stuff is that important to the game's success, and is it fun?
But it is interesting to hear about the types of things that they have to consider in making the game.
And so I'm excited to check out the game.
I still have a Nintendo voucher, and I plan to use it on this game.
Remember, you can get the two vouchers for that whole thing.
So I still have one, actually.
So I'm going to use it to get this.
Yeah, I picked it up, but my son's been playing it.
How's he been liking it?
I think he's been liking it.
He's been playing more Mario Kart than anything.
I think he likes it.
DJ Ranma S says, the game has a bit of a learning curve, but it's fun.
Dr. Sia says, I think Grezzo also did the Link's Awakening remake.
Yes, and that's why, quite frankly, they probably look very similar, that they're in a very similar engine.
So, there's a reason for that, but that's okay.
I...
I'm not bothered by that like that's how a lot of games used to be made.
Bobby was talking about this on his show tonight early on as he was talking about how they made a new Yakuza like a dragon game so fast, because they basically reused a lot of assets from the last game but guess what, that's how they used to make games.
that's it's as long as the story is good and a lot you know they can change enough to make it still feel like something really special and I think that's just fine I also take a look at Majora's Mask is basically a lot of the same shit as Ocarina of Time it doesn't matter it's still a great game on its own so you know that's that's okay I don't mind them I don't mind the fact it looks a lot like the Link's Awakening remake so I'll still check it out anyway let's go to you DarkSakra
well we are uh well people need to be held accountable especially companies that abuse their uh their assets that abuse uh their artists that work with them the League of Legends um the uh
They are in the middle of a dispute with the Hollywood Actors Union and an audio company that provides voiceover services for the game.
So SAG-AFTRA is involved in this one as a strike against League of Legends on Tuesday, saying that Formosa Interactive, the company, is trying to get around the ongoing video game strike by hiring non-union actors to work on another unrelated title.
and so yeah, they're like hey, we want some scabbies but it's bad enough I think that they are trying to they're wanting to refuse agreement about fair AI usage you know
but now they're trying to go behind everybody's uh everybody's uh back to try to do this in fact the quote is to commit illegal unfair labor practices is beyond the pale and won't be tolerated by SAG-AFTRA members yeah don't do the don't do the scab work if you're an aspiring voice actor you'll be blacklisted you'll regret that don't do it you will totes be blacklisted um and on top of that you know um
people should have their body of work protected and not have their voice likeness be added to a database to just be used willy nilly it's like if I do graphic work for somebody it's only meant to be used for that purpose unless I have specifically licensed it for use of another purpose it's absolutely ridiculous and then on top of that now
There have been so many layoffs that companies are outsourcing like that to try to keep their workload up with the demand for product.
and other companies are seeing, you know, this behavior, this sort of going around behind the back as also a damage to their reputations and their ethics.
You know, there are risks for all companies because a few of them are doing this thing, you know, the bad apple analogy, right?
Riot Games is saying that they have nothing to do with the complaint but it's just that that specific aspect has been working with Formosa to they're basically saying that they're engaging with the union to try to resolve things and not
Go Behind Anyone's Back.
They said they never asked Formosa to cancel a game that they've registered.
SAG-AFTRA is saying that this is related to a non-riot game, so they don't really have anything to do with it.
but they're saying that members must immediately stop providing covered services to League of Legends and they are pretty stuck on this one Formosa is a union signatory on here so they are bound by this
I was going to say, this is a good reminder that the strike is still going on, too.
We haven't talked about it in a couple months, but it's still going on.
And there still has not been movement for the gaming companies to meet the actors at the table.
Which is interesting because something that happened... So we've been gone for two weeks because of TwitchCon and everything, right?
in that first week we were off I believe there's been a lot of AI stuff that got past legislation and like I know today something the governor vetoed about AI but I think that had to do with some type of like how the companies work but something that passed a couple weeks ago the governor signed was an it was a protecting Hollywood actors and performers from unauthorized AI and
Digital Clone Law so again California with this law is going to be you know and let's be real every media company has some type of presence in California so they're going to have to and other states will follow soon enough you know are going to have to follow this law so it's weird to me that this didn't end the strike right there like the studios are going to have to give on I realize there's other things they're still working on too but the studios have to give on this AI thing there is no choice now it is now being legislated
yep so I mean that's gonna they're gonna have to come to the table and honestly enough it really I think I think it's the strike that pushed the legislation it needed to happen and this is the second one over over this that I recall maybe third or definitely definitely at least there was one before this that they come to that resolution and then companies sort of went around it and did their business as usual anyway yeah
So it's going to be interesting to see what develops from this.
But yeah, don't do the scab work.
You'll regret it.
Yep.
All right.
Let's move on.
Just a couple more stories for you.
I wanted to go back real quick on a tangent regarding that last story.
Sure.
Have you guys seen any of the stuff from the new ChatGPT update with the voice?
I got a TikTok in my algorithm with a guy talking to the chat GPT thing going, I want you to talk to me like you're my gay best friend, my sister or something.
And like the voice, like it's so funny to hear saying these things, but it's just, it's ridiculous and silly.
Although the one I was seeing, there was one that they were getting, it was getting angry and it started cloning the person's voice when it was responding to them.
Like, it was, like, sounding like them.
And so, that's concerning.
Yeah, it is.
Anyways.
This is why that can all sit up.
It's one of those things where it's like...
It can sit over there in a box and I don't want to touch it.
But at the same time, on a professional level as a tool, we're going to have to touch it like it or not.
But those borders are going to have to get drawn fast.
And I've always been with the whole AI can be a tool for art.
AI is not a replacement for art.
and I think we see the legislation is starting to kind of fill in the gaps the same way but it's going to be interesting to see how that all shakes out but that's freaky be very careful what you it's actually a good lesson too and be careful the data you're giving those things to be quite honest read carefully what you are agreeing to when you use these types of things so anyway but read Rob that means people have to take personal responsibility
Who does that anymore?
I read about it in a book.
Or I had ChatGPT summarize a book for me that talked about it at some point.
Loki, what do you have next for us in gaming news?
Alright, this is kind of fun.
So you may remember like with Helldivers, there's the big old controversy about having the required PlayStation Network account in order to be able to play the game.
Well, now, God of War, Ragnarok, has the same issue on PC.
It does require you to have a PlayStation Network account, but I think if you're only playing like the
They're doing the Lord's work.
so they did put out the mod however they did take it down from Nexus Mods not because they were asked to but because they were worried that it was becoming so popular they were worried they were going to get a legal threat from Sony so they have taken it down but what's on the internet always on the internet so it's neat that they found a way to kind of get around that good job modders
we've done it again I think we all need to take a moment you need to thank your local modder take a minute, thank your local modder because, you know, and I was even talking about it earlier in the show with the retro achievements and all that stuff like, a lot of modders are really making this industry better
to be fair.
Not all of them.
And sometimes developers, though, sort of indirectly work with the modders, like the whole thing about the custom kit for Baldur's Gate 3, pretty much being left in there for someone to decode.
So I think this is a little bit different than Ghost of Tsushima, which did have a multiplayer mode.
I don't think, actually, God of War Ragnarok has a multiplayer mode.
I don't think Ragnarok does, no.
So it is a single-player online game, so... I...
I don't know.
I don't know why they do this.
I've seen... Was it screenshots?
I mean, I guess it's kind of typical with all these other logins and loaders and stuff like that where there was a screenshot.
It was on Reddit today, actually.
It was talking about...
one of the Tom Clancy games someone had purchased on Steam and the Ubisoft client was saying that they hadn't purchased the game and so they wouldn't let them play the game and they're like you have to contact customer service shouldn't have to do any of that because this launcher shouldn't exist but cool
well uh we're gonna get to the classic game of the week in a moment but we have a nice little segue here we need to go back to uh some games that they didn't connect to the internet they only connected to a television with a tube and a big fat butt via a coaxial cable uh that is of course the atari 2600
and friends.
And there was a collection not that long ago called Atari 50 that's pretty darn good and set the stage for Digital Eclipse's Gold Master Series that started with Karateka and Jeff Minter is going to continue with Tetris.
If you haven't checked out Atari 50, it's a pretty good time to revisit because the first DLC just dropped a few days ago called The Wider World of Atari which includes now 19 new playable games and
and 8 video segments.
So that is a new download content you can check out.
It is one of two DLCs that you're going to be able to check out.
The next DLC, which isn't dated yet, but it's going to... Oh, I'm sorry.
No, it is dated.
November 8th, actually.
So only a few more weeks before you get to do the first Console War, which is going to cover Atari versus Intellivision, which is really funny now because Atari owns Intellivision.
So that's going to be very interesting.
And a lot of people that were involved with Intellivision in the heyday, unfortunately, have passed away.
But I'm sure there's archival interviews and things that they will draw from.
But anyway, back to focusing on this first DLC, talking about the wider world of Atari.
You actually get some different...
videos including unusual and underappreciated innovations for the 2600, hidden gems for the 1980s, a spotlight on Evelyn Seto who created Atari's iconic logo.
I saw a thread on Blue Sky.
Apparently somebody from Digital Eclipse ran into her at some type of
launch or something for some type of industry meetup celebrating Atari and she was like yeah I made Atari's logo and it was like we should probably interview you and so they did and so it's in the DLC I think that's kind of funny um it also is apparently pretty community heavy talking about unreleased prototypes and the preservation of gaming history
and then archival and contemporary interviews from employees, fans and homebrew developers.
So that's pretty cool too.
I definitely want to check this out.
I checked out the original Atari 50 release, but I want to take the deep dive on the DLC.
I want to quickly tell you some of the games that are in the expansion.
Prototypes.
Yeah, Berserk for the 2600, the voice enhanced Berserk, which was a fan game, which that fan ended up being the CEO of Digital Eclipse, which Bobby had talked to me about on his show tonight, which I never knew.
That's really cool.
That is also on the 2600.
Berserk on the 5200, Berserk for the arcade, Frenzy, Red Baron, Skydiver, Avalanche, Destroyer, Superbug, Football, all for the arcade.
The Sears exclusives, Stellar Track, Submarine Commander, and Steeplechase.
I played Steeplechase all in the 2600.
And then Atari Video Cube, Desert Falcon, Off the Wall, Skydiver for the 2600, and Avalanche for Atari 8-bit.
So check that out.
$7.99 is the price for that. $7.99.
Not bad.
So props, props to the game preservation efforts on that.
I think that's really cool.
They're literally building a virtual museum and I think it's so cool to see.
So props to them.
All right.
Well, we've been building a virtual museum of our own with this segment through DarkSakura each and every week.
So let's roll the bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
I picked Wing Commander.
The very first Wing Commander in the series.
It is a spaceflight simulation franchise by Origin Systems.
It was first released for MS-DOS on September 26, 1990 and had ports to Amiga, CD32, Sega CD...
the Super Nintendo and then a re-release as Wing Commander 1 in 1994 for PC and enhanced remake Super Wing Commander for the 3DO in 1994 that was also later ported to the Mac
their expansion missions there was Wing Commander The Secret Missions November 1990 and Wing Commander The Secret Missions 2 Crusade in March 1991 this was like the real big push that that genre needed it was considered a
One of the best space dogfight games.
It had great graphics, audio, a story campaign that people would often compare to Star Wars.
People were even referring to it as World War II in space.
It had a massive cast.
You had your multinational cast of pilots for the Terran Confederation.
you had uh you know your aliens that you're against the Kelrathi which were a feline race um but yeah um as I said it is a space flight simulation game where you pilot a ship and complete missions you engage enemy ships uh you know various strengths and weaknesses and uh they're
You have an AI-controlled wingman that you can give orders to.
Your missions will have different objectives, but you can proceed even if you fail, just as long as you live.
It has a branching, open-ended story, you get promotions and rank, you progress, you get better ships.
Although, if you fail objectives, you'll get more difficult missions and inferior ships.
you have a losing path that can work back to the winning path or you can fall off the winning path and go to the losing path and your wingmen can be killed permanently in combat and be gone the rest of the campaign and with the secret missions they don't have branching open-ended paths and you have to successfully complete the core missions of that game so you are
In the first game, you are a nameless pilot, although in the sequels, they're referred to as Christopher Blair fighting on the TCS Tiger's Claw.
And you name your pilot, you choose your call sign.
Um...
and in the in-production I can't make words happen the pilot who is known to the origin personnel as Blue Hair just goes up through the ranks and then you get all kinds of stuff happen I don't really want to go too much into the overall story but you do have two endings with the winning path considered to be the canon path by the game expansion packs and lead into Wing Commander 2 Vengeance of the Calrathi
So with the secret missions, you go through the Goddard system where you have a distress call.
And when you arrive, the colony that you're trying to rescue is nothing but, you know, a mess, all dead, blah, blah.
and you have to go against a Gravitron weapon and we'll keep going back from there.
More special secret stuff going in on the secret missions to Crusade.
You have...
Missing characters that you need to figure out what happened to them and also like a life sacrifice religious festival that you need to break up or something.
and then going even further than that one of my favorite writers Mercedes Lackey along with Ellen Guion did the first Wing Commander novel which was Wing Commander Freedom Flight and that's pretty cool I've been reading Mercedes Lackey for years and then let's not forget there was Super Wing Commander which was a big push on that as
It was from the mission that led the Tiger's Claw to track down the shipyards that were responsible for creating the Seaver Dreadnought.
You have different elements going in and it really pushes the story a bit further.
And it got four stars out of five for the 3DO that said that it was what it was intended to be.
A straightforward space simulator with an arcade spin.
Hey-hoo!
Excuse me.
So anyway, it was just a sneeze.
But it was originally called Squadron and later renamed to Wing Leader and then eventually they said that there would be...
The EM386 memory manager the game used would give an exception when a user exited the game.
It would print out a message similar to EM386 memory manager error with additional information and then someone Ken Demarest Hex edited the memory manager so it sent a different message and so the error message said thank you for playing Wing Commander and basically they
were able to remove the workaround once they fixed the problem, but Wing Commander is the title.
It was shipped in 1990 for PC DOS.
It had an instruction booklet that looked like a shipboard magazine called Clawmarks.
it had uh just all kinds of neat stuff in it um you could get the mission packs like the secret missions like I was mentioning before and like I said there were lots of ports we had the SNES we had Amiga we had Amiga CD 32 the Sega CD 1994 a Mega Drive version was intended to use the the ACIC graphics chip but never was released um
Wing Commander was retroactively renamed Wing Commander 1 as a bundle with Wing Commander 2 in preparation for the release of Wing Commander 3, Heart of the Tiger.
Wasn't Wing Commander 3 the one that had Mark Hamill in it?
It sure was.
Yep, it was.
and then we had a later port to Windows 95 again re-released with Wing Commander 2 and Wing Commander 3, Heart of the Tiger which was all known as Wing Commander, the Karathi Saga
the secret missions um all all reported and the secret mission add-ons uh are they were all available you actually apparently you can download them from Origin's website I think is how that went um Super Wing Commander came out on 3DO and Mac it was like I said a pretty enhanced and exceptional version of the game and then um
it was basically the game that really rose the bar for a genre and it established sort of an action shooter genre as a viable contender EA ported the SNES version to PS Portable as a part of EA Replay this is in 2006 and then in August 2011 the Wing Commander PC version was re-released onto GOG
the lost source code for Wing Commander was given to the fan community that year by a former developer to preserve the game that's awesome it had been
It's contemporaries it was competing with was LucasArts X-Wing.
Dragon Magazine even rated the game, giving it a 6 out of 5 stars, which I think is funny.
But yeah, this game, like some of its awards, it won the 1991 Game of the Year from Computer Gaming World and also the Hall of Fame.
and the 7 best PC games of all time and the 15 best ways to die all by the same publication Time gave it the title of one of the 100 best video games of all time PC Format said 50 best computer games of all time and PC Gamer US number 23 best game of all time
and the Sega CD version got a pretty great review from GamePro back in the day for having great digitized speech and pretty decent cinematic animation.
They said it gave them the feel of a space opera.
So without going too much into a lot more on that one, as for how it sold by February 1995, it had sold around 290,000 copies.
and this was considered to be one of the first examples of a game referred to as interactive cinema and there you go Wing Commander we just need to take a moment to really explain how important this game was in gaming's history especially on the PC front um
it was really fucking important there you go this game was huge there's so much of my youth many hours that I lost to this game and the several sequels you talked about there even watching this footage now has taken me way back as it is many of the people in chat it's pretty incredible great pick but maybe I'm a little biased Wing Commander love it
Rocky Horror Picture Show Video Game Coming Out
from Freak Zone Games.
It is a retro style action platformer.
Ordering right now.
Sorry, I'm going to be very nitpicky on one point just as somebody who is a huge fan of this stuff.
It is a Rocky Horror Show adaptation, not picture show.
And the reason why I make that distinction is because the Rocky Horror Show was the play.
Yes.
And the Rocky Horror Show also had that original
That awesome song that they took out in the movie.
Well, it does bring the movie down a little bit.
But it's so good.
It's fine.
We actually digitally reinserted it back into the movie and it really does kill the inertia of the second half of the movie.
So I understand why they cut it.
But anyway, there actually was a really bad game on the Commodore 64 and Apple II that was also Rocky Horror Show.
So to see it coming back is actually pretty rad.
I'm going to sneak through just a little bit of the chiptune time warp because it's so good.
There you go.
It's just so good.
I like it.
I love it.
I can't wait to hear the songs chiptuned.
Anyway, sorry, Loki, but you know I have... The company that's putting it out has been known for making kind of these obscure cult movie-based games.
So they did Manos, the Hands of Fate, which was a 2D platformer as well.
They've also done the Angry Video Game.
I need that.
Adventure, and its sequel as well.
So yeah, it looks pretty good.
It's similar to like a Castlevania or Mega Man style game.
So looking forward to it.
I need to get this Manos Hands of Fate one right now.
That's like the best MST3K.
It was the one episode where they apologized for making him watch the movie.
And then we have a game that is in development right now that's launched a Kickstarter campaign called This Is Fine, Maximum Cope.
It's the classic meme with the dog sitting in the burning room.
it looks silly and yeah that's supposed to be they're working on getting that put out they said that it's eventually launching targeting March 2026 and available on PlayStation 5 Nintendo Switch and Steam although by then who knows what platforms Nintendo Switch is that even going to be a thing in 2026 I don't know
But they're trying to reach a goal of 50,000, which I think they probably will.
All right, DarkSakura.
I'm sorry, I was mesmerized by Manos, the Hands of Fate.
At least it's not Deathbed.
So anyway, for Fatal Fury City of the Wolves, or Garou Densetsu, the DLC characters coming up for that for Season Pass 1 is Ken and Chun-Li from Street Fighter.
Ken is launching Summer of 2025 with Chun-Li coming in the winter.
So, there you go.
Can they fucking stop teasing us and just give us Capcom SNK 3?
Come on.
Please.
Come on.
Please.
Like, enough.
Please.
Please.
But no, this is great news.
I'm happy to hear it.
Alright.
Also, hey, if you are a fan of Tetris, I'm sure you've heard of Tetris the Grandmaster.
To many, it's like the definitive version of Tetris.
Maybe next to the NES.
Many people consider the Nintendo... I want to say the NES original, but technically that was the... Many people consider the Nintendo-branded
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but then guess what they announced yep it's Tetris the Grandmaster series coming in 2025 so we'll be in the first three months next year the game is designed to help train you into the ultimate Tetris Pro that's all they said no screenshots no nothing yet but come on bitches it's Tetris like you know what to expect and all you need to know is it's another in the Grandmaster series I'm sure that is enough to get you excited about that so please look forward to it early next year
DarkTutsuya in chat says, love me some Grandmaster.
I have the two on Arcade Archives.
It's really my favorite spinoff.
Yeah, I keep forgetting it's on Arcade Archives.
I need to pick it up myself.
We love a good run of Tetris.
It's always fun.
All right, well, let's travel around the world and check out some games that are coming out a little sooner than the next Grandmaster game.
World release dates.
Loki, what's coming out this week in the US?
Loki, still with us?
Yeah, I'm still here.
Sorry.
So, US.
We've got quite a few things, actually.
So, OneShot World Machine Edition on PC and Linux.
Starfield Shattered Space, that expansion's coming out on PC and Xbox Series.
Zuchosis on PC.
We have Master Detective Archives Rain Code Plus on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Predator Hunting Grounds on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Throne in Liberty on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Crypt Master on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series Aichu Chibi Edition on Nintendo Switch Kill Knight on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series
MechWarrior 5 Clans on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
Meiji, Tokyo, Renka, Full Moon on PC and Nintendo Switch Parcel Core on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Refind Self, the personality test game on Nintendo Switch Victory Heat Rally on PC, iOS, and Android That one looks really good
Scuffled into the fray on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series SpongeBob SquarePants, the Patrick Star game on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series I'm thinking of the makeup artist I did too at first Patrick Star?
Yeah
Sword Art Online, Fractured Daydream on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Until Dawn on PC and PlayStation 5 Zero the Kamikaze Squirrel on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series That is it
all right let's go to Japan get in the car let's go uh and check out the releases over there we have on the Nintendo Switch this week hitting on October 3rd Honey Vibes and I was hoping that was a game that maybe you got to play as a bee and like soak in the vibes no it looks like it's another fucking like illustrated dating sim novel but whatever people are into that
How about Sword Art Online, Fractured Daydream?
Because we can never get enough Sword Art Online, so check that out on the Nintendo Switch this week as well.
Aichu is also out this week in Japan.
Meiji Tokio Renka, Full Moon, is also out in Japan this week.
There's a lot of different releases and special editions for that Sword Art Online, but that is pretty much it for the Nintendo Switch releases this week in Japan.
DarkSakura, how about Europe?
So what we have, I like trying to remember what today is, oh my goodness.
We have for the 30th, Silence of the Sirens Early Access for PC, Starfield Shattered Space DLC for PC and the Xbox series as well.
3rd October, Sword Art Online, Fractured Daydream for Switch, Until Dawn for PC, PS5, October 4th.
The Patrick Star Game, Kind... Okay, never mind, that was the seventh.
But Kind Words 2 for PC and Mac.
All right, that's it.
All right, we have just a few more stories for you and then we'll see if we get any quick questions or things for Listener Roundtable tonight.
But let's go over to Loki.
Alright.
So, Twitch is removing one of the most famous emotes that's on the platform right now, the Bible Thump, which is, of course, from the game The Binding of Isaac.
Now, it's un...
They posted out on Twitter saying that, you know, the end of the Bible Thump era is nigh.
And it says, on September 30th, our rights to our beloved emote expire.
And while this is sad news, we know all emotes go to heaven.
Speaking of sad, we're going to need a new emote to spam these feelings.
However...
A lot of people point out, it's like, oh, it's terrible news.
A small indie company can't afford licensing fees for a single emote.
And what's funny is actually...
You know, from that, it says for those wondering what happened with the Bible Thumb emote, I'm 100% fine with coming up with a good solution to keep or modify the emote, but I'm not in control of the new Twitch policy, so it's really up to them.
That's the lead developer who, of course, shipped Super Meat Boy and the game.
It says he still owns the rights to the image and would be 100% fine with Twitch renewing them at seemingly little or no cost.
But
they're not going to pay anything I guess for it well I kind of came to the same conclusion that Bobby is apparently officially reporting in chat right now saying Twitch policy is to no longer pay for rights for emotes because they don't have enough money to do so anymore so they're going to let all of their licensed emotes expire they can't pay their staff they're having to cut costs and cut quarters with all that stuff so I'm kind of not surprised to hear that they're cutting the emote to be quite honest
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They did that also in Rotterdam as well.
You're telling me that they couldn't scrape up a few thousand dollars from those events?
Maybe they needed a donation bin.
Save the Bible Thumb emote.
I have a hard time believing that they can't scrape up that amount of money.
Twitch should do a marathon.
They do all these exclusive parties and stuff like that for their partners and stuff.
Maybe throw one less party and then you can afford your meme...
Emote, but whatever.
And Bobby has another comment in chat.
And again, it's the very, like, it's the corporate line that makes sense on paper that says, I think it's more policy from on high to not pay anybody for emotes.
I bet the Twitch rank and file would love to license it, but Big Daddy Amazon says no.
You're right.
It's probably the policy.
That's just the policy.
But I can still sit here and say the policy sucks.
You know.
Not that many people would subscribe.
I don't know.
Anyway.
All right.
Well, somebody I think many of you are subscribed to on YouTube, and you're probably sad to see her say, I'm done.
I'm quitting.
I'm retiring.
But the Skyrim grandma, or Shirley Curry, is retiring.
That's right.
She started when she was just 79 years old, but now she is...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It seems that I spent most of my time sitting here at this computer and lately, probably for the last month, I walk in here and look at my computer and think, I've got to make a video today.
And then I just shake my head at myself and say, I don't want to.
I have no desire to.
I'm old and I'm tired and I don't feel like doing much anymore.
I'm just doing it for fun.
Okay.
And it's not funny.
Yeah, like, honestly, all her reasons are legit.
Like...
I get that she wants to go live her life and there is a very distinct possibility that Elder Scrolls 6 may not come out in time, if you know what I mean.
It's a little morbid, but yeah.
It is what it is.
But she can go out and enjoy her life and make the most of it.
Spend some of that money you've been earning on YouTube.
Take yourself on a nice cruise.
Have fun with it.
Do what you want.
She also has a surgery coming up, to be fair.
So you know what?
She's given you all this content and all this stuff to listen to over the years.
Enjoy it.
S2100Matt says, I feel like that at 40.
S2100Matt also quips, she's bowing out of the race and endorsing Kamala.
Well, good for her, because there's really only two choices at this point.
And I don't think I have to tell you that that would be the same decision I would make as well.
All right.
Well, let's move to the listener roundtable where we invite you to participate with our show.
If you have some questions in our chat, we'd be happy to field them.
We're running a little long tonight, so I don't know if we want to do a ton of calls, but maybe we can sneak in.
There's no email.
There's no email?
Y'all had two weeks and no emails?
I am disappointed.
Participate at OrangeSongsRadio.com especially if you have a picture where you're booping Dark Sakura in her pig cosplay.
I want that picture sent to participate at OrangeSongsRadio.com because I need to see this.
So please send that in.
Or just say hello.
Let us know your thoughts on the new Zelda game or what you're playing these days.
Or if you're just discovering
Tell me why
So it's going to be stuck in my head again, Rob.
Thank you.
I saw, what was it, that the guy that was kind of responsible for dumping a lot of those arcade games, the Bomani stuff, like on Twitter and stuff, he's managed to modify the dump and modify the DDR mini machine to put other mixes.
Which I've heard is kind of a dumpster fire.
Sorry.
It sounds like it's really missing a lot of stuff.
yeah well they it has it apparently it has all those songs still on there they just disabled them so it has like the music and stuff so the modders are oh oh my god the modders are already done re-enabling them because i think i think he's found a way to like well to essentially like to um to dump a new image on there too to unlock that stuff again so be interesting to see what happens with that
interesting, OrangeRite says you can still play them, the machine just mutes them and puts a message on the screen what?
that's even worse that's so funny anyway DarkSakura, just be glad you know what, I'm in my third mix and my fifth mix era, just be glad I didn't go to fourth mix yet, but maybe in the next week because DarkSakura, if I go to fourth mix 1, 2, 3 4, 0, 0, 7 no, no
tell me do you know about the seven the seven tell me do you know about the seven I seriously at my funeral when you lower my casket play the seven jump just do it just do it as we drop your corpse into a fire just do it and then the seven boom
Dump.
Dump.
Dump.
Dump.
Dump.
Dump.
Dump.
Dump.
Dump.
Dump.
Dump.
I can't stand it.
That one, right?
And then it had extra mix.
Not only had the fourth mix plus stuff, so like Cat's Eye and Conga Feelin' and all that shit, but then it had all the bass mix.
The Baby Mama and the Hysteria and all the booty mix songs from the bass.
You know what's funny?
What?
I've actually been going back and watching the episodes of Cat's Eye.
Oh, have you really?
That's funny.
Yeah, it's a great anime.
And I didn't know at the time it's actually associated with the City Hunter universe.
Oh my god.
Like the characters appear in like some of the City Hunter movies and stuff.
It's actually kind of interesting.
And I like it's a really good show.
It's about like three lady thieves trying to steal back their own stuff.
I'm screaming because Orange Rite is throwing it way back in chat.
So Mike Deft said, And then Orange Rite followed that up with, We had a bumper around that.
Bitch, get a new song.
Exactly.
He's throwing it back to that old bumper.
We need to remake those bumpers.
No, we don't.
No, we do.
No, we do.
Oh my god, my ex-boyfriend was the voice in a lot of those bumpers.
Throwing it way back.
I haven't heard from him in years.
I don't even know where... I tried looking for... Remember the days of putting in your voice and then lowering the pitch to sound different?
Yeah, yeah.
That's a thing that happened for a long time.
That's... I shudder.
I shudder.
We have so many better times now.
I don't apologize for it.
We did what we had to do at the time for dial-up friendly radio.
It is what it is.
Alright.
Okay, enough reminiscing down memory lane.
Let me check with Loki if there's any current last-minute stories to talk about tonight.
I don't have anything.
Yeah, I think we covered out all the big stuff, so that is going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio tonight.
Thank you, as always, for listening to our show, whether this was your first show or your
DarkSakura, you're off to stream tonight, yes?
Yeah, and apparently Instacart didn't deliver my sodas.
So I have to go yell.
Have you had the Oreo soda?
Yes, I have.
That's what I had ordered more of.
We can't find it.
We had it once.
It's fucking delicious.
Just go to Walmart.
No, I went to Walmart.
They didn't have it.
I need to figure out what the fuck is going on with Instacart.
I set foot at a Walmart, Jamie.
I hate going to Walmart and I set foot in a Walmart to try to find Oreo Coke.
And you know what I found?
Coke flavored Oreos.
You know what I didn't find?
Oreo flavored Coke.
Here's the thing.
Missing items.
Oreo Coke isn't necessarily that great, but... I ordered my soda.
Why isn't my soda showing on the damn thing?
Here's the thing.
It really is just vanilla Coke with an extra little kick, and that's all I need.
Yeah, it's really good, and I'm really pissed that they didn't deliver... The fact that it's in a zero flavor is perfect.
My God.
Anyway.
Now I want to know what happened to my damn order now.
Get them.
I'm pissed.
Get them.
Yeah.
All right.
Uh, yes, sorry, PodCulture, it is Oreo Coke Zero.
That's all I drink.
I, you know, ever since the Dabudis, that's all I drink now is Zero and Diet and all that stuff, so.
And I don't drink, that's not what I drink, because I always say that, and without fail, somebody will come in and say, you know, diet drinks are bad for you.
I don't
I don't inject them into my veins.
I don't have it all day, every day.
I don't go through a two liter every day.
I enjoy the occasional soda with dinner.
I think that's acceptable.
Thank you.
Anyway.
I couldn't find them, but I didn't get my stuff.
No, they're a fever dream.
They don't exist anymore.
I drank the shit out of them.
All right.
So what are you streaming tonight?
Oh, you are doing DBD.
I wasn't sure if you were doing Palia or something else tonight.
Okay, DBD tonight.
There's a big blood hunt going on anyway, isn't there?
I think there is.
Chaos Shuffle.
Chaos Shuffle is always fun.
So, check that out.
I'm just really, really irritated.
Alright, well, do you want to spread some of that irritation in your final thought tonight?
Oh, hell yeah.
I'm gonna let them have it.
Let them have it.
Alright, have a good stream, DarkSakura.
You too.
Bye.
Wait, but not a stream.
I'm not streaming.
Well, I'll stream tomorrow.
I'll have a good stream tomorrow.
Bye.
Okay.
Bye.
Loki, then that takes us to you and your final thought tonight.
Final thought is I don't want to go to work tomorrow.
Ah, mood.
This weekend wasn't long enough.
Like, you know, I enjoy my job and all, but it's just one of those, like, ah.
And I just had a fucking vacation last weekend, and I'm already, like, I just want to sleep for, like, a whole day.
I just have a day in bed.
I want a horizontal day.
Oh, well.
Let's see.
My final thought is, yeah, thank you, modders.
Thank you, modders, for everything you've done for the community, and you've done an awful lot.
We salute you here on September 29th, officially Modders Day.
I do declare.
Thank you for saving our industry.
Have a good week, everybody.
We'll see you next time in seven days.
We'll do it all over again.
Good night.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
