Tonight, September 16th, 2012, the Wii U launch details are official, Zynga files a counterclaim
against EA, and is Microsoft planning an immersive display experience for their next console?
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio for this episode number 473 for
Sunday, September 16th, 2012. My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the
next few hours to talk about video games and gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle, and gaming
lols with my co-host, not with us tonight, sadly, the one, the only, Dark Sakura. She
has the night off, it is a holiday in her religion, so a happy Rosh Hashanah to those
of you that celebrate it. We do have here tonight, though, in-studio, Techmaster Loki
joining us.
Hello.
How are you, Loki?
I'm doing alright.
Awesome. And joining us in Jamie's absence, always a wonderful stand-by guest host we're
happy to have here, as if he had a choice, say hello to Alan.
Hello.
How are you doing, Alan?
Good.
What's new with you lately?
Not much, working a lot.
Yeah? Have you had time for any hobbies outside of video gaming and work?
No.
No?
No.
What else do you do on the interwebs?
Tumblers.
Tumblers, you're a big Tumblr fan?
Yes.
Why do you like Tumblr? I have a hard time getting into Tumblr.
Because for like funny reaction gifs and fandom stuff and screenshots, that's where everyone
fits into that.
There was an amazing-
Is on there.
There was an amazing gif I saw on Tumblr last night that was, it said, starships are meant
to fly and it was an old lady going up one of those moving chairs. I guess you had to
see it.
All right. Anyhow, all right. We'll talk to Alan Moore as the show goes on. We do of course
tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network or VOG Network. VOGnetwork.com
is the place to be. 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
Another quality show from Bobby tonight. And we even got into a little bit of a debate
at the end there on a topic we'll be talking about here shortly. And you can check that
out at VOGnetwork.com when Bobby posts his show very soon. But you should be participating
live. You can also participate with us and chat in our chat room, live.VOGnetwork.com
where we have some good, some good well wishes tonight. Rama saying l'chaim SSG100 mad. Happy
new year. So some other well wishes there for those celebrating the holiday today.
All right. We're going to break form a little bit tonight. We're going to get right into
some news tonight. Obviously there was huge news this week. Let's address that pink elephant
in the room.
It's the transforce four. I know it's amazing. It's going to be fantastic. And I can't wait
to play it.
Not quite the same thing I had in mind, but all right. Uh, we're going to go to a clip
here. I want to start with this clip. It's a two minute clip. This is a clip from our
show episode four 63 from July 1st. Let's go to the clip. The Wii U, uh, I think is
a reasonable price. It's got a few reasonable prices. Actually. There's three different
skews they're going to be launching with. What's in those skews? No idea. Uh, what I
think they are, I'll get into in a second. So the cheapest you're going to find a Wii
U will be $249.99. So there's that. The next price up $299.99 and then $349.99 are the
three different price points. Here's my thoughts on what they are because this is completely
speculative. I don't know for a fact this is what it is. Um, $249.99 is going to get
you a Wii U system with the game pad controller and that's it. So system, game pad. It's basically
you own a Wii right now. You have all this, you know, Wii remotes and... Go on the online
shop and enjoy. Yeah, nunchucks. Done. There you go. You've got a system. You're ready
to go with all the additional things that come with the Wii U. $299.99 buys you a system
that's going to have the Wii U game pad and then additional Wii remote plus and a nunchuck.
Kind of like, you know, the Wii hat. And then $349.99 is going to be the Wii U system, the
game pad controller, the Wii remote plus, the nunchuck, and another pack-in game. Because
I think they're going to do a pack-in with Nintendo Land. It just seems like such a pack-in
type game that I think they're going to do that. Honestly, I do not think they're launching
the system with two game pads because there's no games that support it and people will be
like, it won't sell. That may come later on when they have, you know, games that support
two game pads but right now it's absolutely useless to do that which is why they're not
going to do that. Apparently, from what I've read, Nintendo is rumored to be announcing
the price points and release date in September but there are the price points. Release date
is probably going to be the 18th of November. So that's that. I think it's somewhat reasonable.
That again, a clip, it's done. The clip was from episode 463 on July 1st, 2012. Let me
start by applauding you. Honestly, clap, clap, clap. Show me anyone else that was that close.
Was it perfect? No. You did make one major flaw. Let's talk about the flaw. Where was
the different, obviously, $299.349 ended up being legit. You called multiple SKUs. The
Wii did not, well, multiple bundles. People don't like it when you say SKU. Multiple bundles,
you called that. We didn't have that but Wii U does. You did call that. You missed the
boat on there being this $249 bundle. Why do you think that happened? I think it happened
for a few reasons. One, three SKUs would be too confusing for the consumers or the average
consumers. People wouldn't know what to buy. They'd be like, okay, am I supposed to get
the $299 one, the $349 one, $249? It's just too confusing for the populace. That's why
they only launched the two SKUs for the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3. No one does more
than two SKUs because it's too confusing. I also think they can't get the cost that
low. They couldn't get the cost of the system to be $249 so they just dropped that bottom
SKU because I think that's why they haven't announced the price until now. It's because
they didn't know what the system was going to cost. They were trying to get that cost
down and probably at one point they did have the packing controllers and stuff but it was
just too expensive for them. Well, we know about what that tablet cost thanks to the
Japanese Nintendo Direct and I think what was the price? It would translate it to somewhere
around $150 US for just the tablet. That's a lot higher than I would have thought because
to me that thing isn't much more than the bottom half of a DS except a little bigger.
Let's say a DS XL. I guess maybe it's a little bigger than that too. I was kind of surprised
it's got to go that high and that certainly would set off a chain of events that would
cause the $249 bundle to get eliminated. Well, even their reasoning behind not having remotes
and nunchucks in there, they're like, well, there's 100 million remotes or like 10 million
remotes out there or something like that. I think it's 100 million remotes out there.
We don't need to include that because you probably already have one. Cool. You're talking
to somebody that owns a Wii system. What if I don't own a Wii system? Then I don't have
one. So I got to spend all this extra money to buy those. Well, to be fair, what about
the secondhand market? There's going to be tons of that stuff floating around as people
are... Yeah, but secondhand market's going to be... I don't think it's going to be a
lot of those remote pluses. I think it's going to be the remotes and then you got to buy
Wii Motion Plus to plug into that thing because they don't sell those anymore and a lot of
people trade in their old remotes to buy the Wii Motion Plus enabled remote pluses. But
I think, like I said, that they cut the bottom skew just because they couldn't get the price
cheap enough. Well, still, I mean, despite the fact that, you know, that part didn't
end up being true and you even said in that clip you were kind of pulling what was in
those bundles out of your ass and you still kind of got the $349 one right. You were pretty
cool. I mean, there's a part in that clip I cut out where I went on this... I'm like,
I think the $349 bundle will have two Wii tablets and dah, dah, dah. What was I wrong?
That's another reason why you're not, well, you're not seeing two tablets because one
no game support. You're not seeing them sell the tablets separately because... Here. Once
again, well, not here, because people will be confused and they'll think, oh, this is
just an add-on for the Wii. I'm going to buy the tablet and they go home and it doesn't
fucking work in my Wii. Why does this work? This tablet's the Wii U, right? No, it's not.
So you have to, you just have to think about the consumer and, you know, whether they're
going to be confused by what you're trying to sell to them.
GioVidea agrees with you in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com and puts it into slightly
different words. The secondhand market comes from people upgrading as well. You need those
parts even if you upgrade, so there isn't going to be a huge market. I suppose that's
true. People are going to need those Wiimotes and things for the new system if they want
to play all the games. Nintendo Land, the pack-in game, that's the weird thing to me,
that it isn't coming with another Wiimote because doesn't Nintendo Land's mini games
kind of require those Wiimotes? I think they're all multiplayer games. A better pack-in game
would have been the new Super Mario Brothers U. Now I understand why they did Nintendo
Land because Nintendo Land's like Wii Play, Wii Sports, whatever, it's basically tech
demos to get you familiar with how you use the controllers and stuff like that. But it's
also a multiplayer game, so if you buy it for your kid or something like that and you
don't have a Wii, well, sucks to be you and you're not going to be playing very much of
it because you've got to go get those extra controllers and stuff. And it gets confusing
I think because you've got all these different control methods with this thing. You've got
the remotes, the nunchucks, the classic controllers, the pro controllers, this tablet thing, you've
got the balance board and just figuring out what you need for each game. Oh, nunchucks
with everything too. It's just going to get confusing. It's interesting. There is a lot.
There's a lot of peripherals over in Nintendo Land, that's for sure. Chris109 in our chat
at live.fognetwork.com says, my sister was thinking that the Wii U pad was just an add-on
and that you write a U next to the, and it got cut off, but I'm assuming next to the
word, Wii. So maybe not everybody is still, I mean, Jimmy Fallon, I was going to reference
that clip too. There was that big clip a couple months ago where, you know, even Jimmy Fallon
didn't get it and Reggie had to kind of hold on. It's a whole new system, but you know,
you can sit there and be a skeptic. I can sit there and be a skeptic. I'm not sure where
Alan's at, but we'll ask him in a little bit. The fact of the matter is pre-orders are going
fast as we have a story coming up later on. As we have to take the word from Nintendo
that they're going fast. Well, if you try to go to GameStop yourself, they're not going
to give you one right now. Well, that's because Nintendo tells GameStop how many they can
sell. But we don't know what that number is. Of course not, because they want to make it
sound like it's in high demand, like they do with the Wii. Remember all those artificial,
I'm sorry, real life shortages. Totally not artificial shortages whatsoever. Well, to
be fair, Microsoft did the same thing with the Xbox 360 launch. I distinctly remember
how long it took to find a stinkin' 360, trying to go on and check Best Buy's inventory every
day. That crap was madness. Okay, yeah, that may have lasted for a few months. Nintendo's
Wii launch lasted for a few years that they did that, okay? It wasn't even, you know,
a few months. It was, okay, we got our supply line taken care of in a couple months, but
the Wii, it was just like, oh, it's so hard to get, it's so hard to get, it's the must-have
toy for, you know, your kids. I don't know, whatever, you know, I'm skeptical. There's
some talk about the things that the Wii U could be leaving out. Tigerclaw in our chat
at live.vognetwork.com says, the only thing you have to take into account is the Wii U
is not GameCube compatible, so if you still play your GameCube games, you'll need to keep
that Wii. Or find a GameCube, to be fair. You could find a GameCube, but it's cheap.
Nowadays, Wiis aren't compatible with GameCube either. And that's right. Sj100matt followed
up saying they dropped GameCube controller compatibility in new Wii models, so I wouldn't
expect it on the Wii U. He left out the part about the games don't play in the new Wii
models either, but certainly the controllers aren't there either. You know, I'm surprised
that the system doesn't do, I guess I understand why they don't do it, so they can do their
own HD remakes and stuff, but I'm surprised, you know, since you can play these games on
your PC and emulator and HD and stuff, that it wouldn't be that hard to, you know, take
the old games and kind of upgrade them a little bit. And hell, I mean, even the Playstation
3 does that with Playstation 2 games and Playstation 1 games. To a little bit of, you know, smaller
extent they kind of smooth them out a little bit. And even like, you know, the Xbox 360
did that with the Xbox games, it kind of smoothed it out a little bit to make it look a little
bit nicer. But I'm surprised they don't do that with the Wii stuff. It's just, you would
think that would be kind of a cool selling point. Hey, all your games look better now.
I mean, because that might even be a way to get people to purchase one if they're not
going to.
Well, we'll talk a little bit more when we get into the news segment of our show, the
official news segment of our show, on some more of the details with the Wii. There's
some pretty big ones we're leaving out right now, but we'll come back to it in the official
news segment, talk a little more about it, see where everybody here in studio is on if
they're going to get one or not, and then later when we get into the Fugu question
of the week, and throughout the show with our chatters, we'll see where the listeners
are at with do they want to Wii U or not, because obviously this is kind of a very polarizing
thing in the gaming world right now. Very back and forth on Twitter. Lots of fanboys,
lots of anti-fanboys, a few people in the middle, but not a lot.
I did, though, want to take a second to say, though, again, congrats, because you nailed
the date back in July before any other rumor was out there. A lot of people jumped on the
November train the closer we got here to the September conference, but you nailed it, so
props to you.
Yes, thank you, EpicMickey2, because that was the giveaway, considering that they're
launching EpicMickey2 on all SKUs on the 18th. Disney never launches a game on Sunday. They
never do that, so it was pretty obvious.
That was your hint right there. Well, whatever it was, props to you, because I didn't hear
anybody else get as close as you did, even some top industry analysts.
But that's all right, because no one noticed.
All right, let's move on into our gaming weeks. Obviously, there's no chance to play a Wii
U just yet, so we've been playing some other stuff to pass the time. Alan, I haven't heard
from you a lot yet, so let's start with you tonight. How was your gaming week? What have
you been up to?
Amazing.
Yeah?
Black Mesa Soars. It's so good, I lost my mind. It is so good.
All right, back up a little bit. For those that may not know, what is Black Mesa Soars?
It is a eight years in the making fan project to completely remake Half Life 1 and the Half
Life 2 source engine with completely new HD assets, new voice acting, new face models.
It is indistinguishable from something that Valve could have made themselves. It is that
good.
That's a pretty good endorsement right there.
Yes.
Can I read an email you sent me earlier in the week, if I can dig it up?
Yeah.
Dear Rob, I love you, XOXO. No, I'm just kidding.
That's not true.
Okay. Let's see. Where is it? Where is that one you sent me? Oh, this is great radio,
isn't it? I think you just sent it to me. Okay, here it is. I think this mod may be
the greatest accomplishment a fandom has ever produced for a franchise. I'm serious. There
are tons of little added ambient dialogue bits and everything is professional. It is
literally indistinguishable, italicized, from something Valve could have made themselves.
This is not a mod. This is a wholesale creation that had the added benefit of model to reference.
These developers deserve college scholarships or offer letters from Valve. And I'll be
angry if Gabe Newell doesn't make some kind of statement by the end of the month acknowledging
how fucking good this is. They perfectly mimic the lobby of Black Mesa that is referenced
from the more recent Half-Life 2 Episode 2 that of course looks nothing like the same
room in the 98 original. Anyone who still complains this took eight years to make is
a fool.
I'm allowed to have some hyperbole in my emails to my boyfriend, thank you. I was very
heated.
Well, it certainly got the point across. But I mean, for something you didn't pay any
money for, you felt very... Well, I mean, it's a positive review.
When the game loads up and you're on that monorail going through all of the extra rooms
and shit they added, I had to pause it in like two places and be like, what the fuck
am I looking at? This is like, this is incredible. It's just like what the trailer was that came
out in 09. But better, it's... Half-Life in itself is a fucking awesome game. And this
just complete for a fan project has blown my mind.
Well, and despite, you know, what you said in your email about college scholarships and
Gabe Newell should essentially give them big hugs and what have you, you have to admit
it is pretty impressive. Valve themselves said, cool, just don't call it Half-Life and
we're good.
Yeah.
You know, don't infringe on the trademark and we're good. In fact, we'll help you distribute
it on Steam.
Yeah, it's on Greenlight.
For free.
It's on Greenlight. Yeah.
It is free. That's huge.
You just have to own any source game. If you own a fucking Portal game, you can get this.
Which they've given away for free.
Yes. So, Portal I think is the most accessible title that you would have that you could play
this with or Left 4 Dead because Left 4 Dead is also crazy popular.
Now, what about, can't you download the client for Team Fortress 2 since that's Source 2,
isn't it?
Yeah, that could also be it too.
And that is free.
Yeah.
Aha. Loki working the system, like usual.
So yeah, you asked me, am I ever going to play Half-Life, either Half-Life the original
or Half-Life Source? No, there's no reason to because Black Mesa Source is there.
That's a big endorsement from a Half-Life fan like you.
Yes.
So now the next question, where the fuck is Half-Life 3?
Well, this is...
Another eight years.
Yeah, I know. And there are people that are, there are people on the forums kind of being
smart asses, but they're right saying, when I legitimately thought that this fan project
was vaporware, I had a little voice in the back of my head that said, even if this is
vaporware, we're still going to see this before Half-Life 3. And those people are all right.
Amazing. Going to our chat, Tigerclaw saying, I was hoping somebody would talk about Black
Mesa. I heard Black Mesa doesn't have Xen.
That is true. They announced that two weeks ago when they finally put up the release date,
the seven-day counter. This is real. Xen was probably one of the first, one of the worst
parts of the original game. It's the last chapter. It's the last 10% of the game. You're
in an alien dimension. Gravity is weird. It's got all these weird platforming bullshit puzzles
in it for a first-person shooter. You don't really want to do that. It's probably the
biggest misstep in the original game. The Black Mesa source developer said, we are putting
out 90% of the game once you enter the portal to go into Xen. I haven't gotten there yet,
but I imagine there's a screen that's like, we're saving your game. This is going to be
patched in. They haven't, of course, they, these people are terrified of giving deadlines,
but they're like, it is coming. We're working on Xen. It's mostly done. Xen is just, Xen's
coming later and that's the end of the game.
Yeah. Dungeon Buster in chat says it's not finished yet. Everything's remade up to Lambda
Core, but they figured they'd release what they have now and the rest later. Breakman
asks, Jesus, did he play the game or marry it? No shame. I don't care. You know, and
I think the part here we don't want to overlook very important point. Valve didn't do this.
Valve embraced it, but they didn't do it. Fans did it. Think about that. What has your
fandom accomplished?
The, they, well, they added women to, cause the, in the original game, all the security
guards and scientists are just men just because it's only two or three different models, right?
They added women. There's the guards and the scientists. There's like 16 unique face models
so that when you come across these NPCs, like, Oh, this is like a new person. It's all of
the, the, the added voice acting of just the guards being killed by monsters running around
that you encounter. It sounds like they found the original people from the first game and
they just added all these lines of dialogue. It's, it's crazy what they did with this.
So props to the folks who put this together. Certainly. Uh, it's, it's hard to make an
argument not to go download this right now. Correct? It's a classic game, free. They,
they made some little changes to the maps because obviously someone like I've, I've
beaten the original half-life maybe eight times from start to finish so I could zerg
my way through it. But I'm like, Oh, they added this area or, Oh, they changed. They,
they closed this door that I used to go into and I have to go over here and this is all
new. So they know that they added their own little, they added their own little spice
to it.
Dungeon buster at live.vognetwork.com says black Mesa's really great work. Glad they
kept the, or glad they kept the faith to continue with it for so long. Very good point as well.
Consider what happened to them in 09 where they came out, they said Q3 or Q4 of 09, it's
going to happen. They realized the parts that they had left the program were the hardest
parts. They had at least a year's worth of work left to do. And they made a design decision
to basically cut out huge chunks of the game that they didn't know how to code. And once
010 or once 2010 hit, they're like, okay, now that we've take, now that we've cut all
of this shit out because it was too hard for us to do, we're now embarrassed by this and
we don't want to put it out like this.
So they're like, fuck it. Media blackout. They took down their Twitter or they just,
they stopped updating their Twitter and their YouTube and they're like, we're going to put
all this shit back in however long it takes us to do it. And it took until September of
this year.
Wow. Still, that's amazing dedication because that sort of demotivation would have killed
a lot of people. Yeah. It's very impressive what fan communities do. You know, we've seen
a lot of these stories throughout the years. I can remember way back when there was the
fan translation of final fantasy five for emulators. Remember that back in the day before
there was a PlayStation release three, I think was the first one, right? The next one. Cause
that's the first game we didn't get.
Uh, no, I think five got the translation first. Three came soon afterwards. Okay. Cause I
think the NES was harder to patch or something. I don't know. Um, I also remember second at
sets with three was the other huge, huge one that they did the fan translation for. Uh,
and then of course I remember the, um, don't call it King's quest, but the silver lining
name that was heavily inspired by King's quest at one time was called King's quest nine,
but like Black Mesa, they had to take the King's quest out of their name to avoid the
legal situation they had found themselves in. So it's really impressive what a lot of
like fan communities have accomplished. And I'm like, would I be that motivated to do
anything like that? Oh yeah. I have had a podcast for 10 years. I guess that's kind
of cool, but this shit's easy. Black Mesa. I don't think that was nearly as easy. So
that's, that's, you know, major props. So, well, what else in your gaming week? Anything
else?
Um, tinkered around with a little wow. Checking out the, the balance changes and the class
changes to my druid. She was my main and I haven't really played as much wow as I should.
And then, um, mass effect three multiplayer a little bit. They had a multiplayer weekend
last little bit, a little bit the last weekend when they had their, um, every other week
they do, um, log in and do this squad challenge and you get like a free rare all elite weapon
on Wednesday or whatever. I completely spaced it because I'm like, what level are you in
mass effect three multiple? My N seven score. It's like about six 80 and then I'll still
log in and in a match with someone with an N seven score of like 8,000 I'm like, you
know what? I'm not that bad. I'm not that bad. They're sharing their account. That's
what's going on there. All right. Um, anything else for your gaming week you want to share?
No, that's it. Let's go to Loki. Loki, how was your gaming week? Um, I played lots of
Minecraft. I've been just building this massive, massive, massive castle on the VOG network
server, which you should join by the way, if you haven't already. It's pretty fun. Get
a few people on there. Um, I see a few people on that fucking castle. You're building is
astounding. That I could see that all the way from my little house. That's like a ways
away. I can't believe we're talking about a fake world, but my house is like all the
way away. The one that some smart ass nut man to put four foreclosure signs all over.
Did I show you that? Yeah. Little troll. And you know what? Sad as I took retribution on
the wrong house because I'm like, Loki, who fucking did that? You're the server admin.
Tell me who did it. And you're like, I think it was the guys up on the Hill from you, which
is like Logan 89 or something. And I would, there's some people I can't, like there's
some like I don't see them on the map. Like not man. I haven't seen actually play, but
there's like a few spots cause I need everybody to start like post. I mean, if you haven't
already like put a sign out front of your house. So I know who's it is cause there's
like a bunch of spots. Like I had my coworker is the worst. He keeps starting new places.
He's like, I want to build in this Island. I'm like, you already have four fucking houses.
I'm breaking all of them. If you don't fucking, you know, pick a spot, pick a spot and stick
to it. And like the other day he's like, I think I'm going to build over here. I'm like,
no, you're not. You're building where you fucking said before. And I actually had to
go in there and like I switched it up to creative to go and destroy his like other houses they
built because they were, I don't want all these like half built things. Well, I will
let nut man know the banker that I have started digging up clay from all the lakes I can find
and started baking some bricks so I can make a house out of brick. So go pick on the guys
up on top of the Hill who also have a stone house or go try to foreclose Loki's cows.
I know it's all in good fun. I'm not really mad. I laughed. I really did laugh. I made
a gate on my castle that works with pistons. Although I came back to it today and it was
all glitched out so I had to fix it again. But so surprisingly fun Minecraft multiplayer
and all that get on this, get on the fog server right now. The reason why I haven't checked
out the server yet is that I hadn't played it in so long. They went from patch one, two,
five to one, three, two. Yeah. And a lot of my, I don't say my mods are broken cause I'm
still able to load my world, but I need to go update all that shit. And it's just a pain
in the ass. Well, yeah, that's why I haven't, that's why I run a vanilla server because
I'm like, I don't know how to fucking set this up with bucket and stuff. I'm like, what
mods? The mods that I use are mostly just quality of life stuff. They're not like spawn
diamonds everywhere. No, no, no, no, no. I thought you would frown on that even though
he's probably doing it himself. I know I do find myself in creative mode a little bit
more than I probably should be. Just a flyer. You know what? When I saw those endermen outside
my house, I was like, no thank you. I'm going to log out for about 30 minutes and come back
on those guys. They honestly, uh, cause like I said, the other day we were fucking around
with it and my friend took on like 20 of them at once. I mean, they're really not that if
you just don't look at their face, you can walk right past them. They're scary. They
are kind of creepy. They are creepy survival horror. It is hilarious though, watching them
like in the rain because I was like building in the rain. I'll say I see this like red
flash go past my screen. Like what the fuck was that? It's like a bug or something. It's
because they're flipping out because they keep teleporting and they hit the rain and
then they take damage. So they teleport again. So they're teleporting all over the place.
It was kind of funny. But anyways, so I played lots of Minecraft. Um, and then I played a
little bit Call of Duty. I'm playing some of that cause we have some more people we're
playing with now at work and stuff. We haven't played Minecraft during our breaks, so that's
kind of fun. I repurposed our arcade cabinet that we had running MAME and stuff to play
Minecraft. And um, and then yesterday I started playing Borderlands 2 on the Xbox 360. Ooh,
little early or broken release street dates and I'm like, okay. Whatever. It's, I like
it. It's um, you know, right now I was kind of, um, I didn't know who I should play as,
so I played as Zero cause it was kind of a little similar to Mordecai, which is how I
played the first game. You know, sniper, pistol. I don't know if he's a proficient in pistol,
but I know he's a proficient in sniper rifle. So I've been doing the sniper pistol thing
and um, I like it so far. What's kind of unique about this one versus the last game, uh, they
still have the same kind of jokes in there from like, you know, if you remember the intro
to the first game, you know, where this guy gets hit by a car. There's that in there,
then they take it a little bit further and it's kind of funny. Um, so they've got that
and then um, there's a clear cut villain in it, which is a little bit unique versus the
last game. In the last game there wasn't really a villain until like kind of towards the end
and even then it was like, okay, well the villain kept changing. It was a little weird,
but now there's a clear cut villain in there and he's awesome. You know, handsome Jack.
So um, it's pretty sweet. And the game seems a little bit harder. Um, for me at least,
like the enemies are a lot more mobile and they're less dumb. They will actually take
cover a lot better than they did before. But this one has like an easier, like cause they
have the BFF mode, right? It hasn't come out yet. Oh, BFF modes in the Macromancer, which
is, uh, I didn't realize that until October. Oh, okay. It doesn't matter. You don't need
that needs. You don't need, you don't need that if you want. I mean, it's just a skill
tree. You don't even get skills like I think until like way later in the game. Like I haven't
gotten the skill trees yet. So I thought you started getting those level five. Then again,
remember I'm playing level five. Yeah, but I'm only level four right now. I haven't even
gotten there. Wow. Okay. I mean, it takes a little bit, but um, it's, it's nice. I like
the game. It's fun. So I will definitely be playing that. Have to balance my time between
that and mine. You're only level four. It sounds like you're not playing it. And I only
played it for a couple hours. Okay. All right. I mean, cause I was like, well tell me to
go back in Minecraft. Oh, I should play this. You know, it's like me and Warcraft. Same
thing. Same thing. All right. Is that it for your gaming week? That's it. Uh, my gaming
week, I didn't talk about rock band blitz last week, so I just want to quickly kind
of give it a shout out. And I really, I've been wanting, meaning to write a review for
voggenetwork.com, but I've just been very busy between my day job and the show I'm directing
for early October. I haven't had a lot of time to just, when I do have free time, it's
like, I don't want to do more work. So I apologize. But, uh, rock band blitz, I'll tell you some
of my early thoughts on it now. Um, obviously how great is it to have an enhanced value
for all the DLC that you already have? And I think a lot of rock band blitz's strength
is just value, you know, $15 for not a bad brick of songs, you know, considering that
you have some top recent hits in there and so forth and some classics like queen and
so forth. Um, the fact that those songs will import into rock band three is great. And
just if you have hoard and downloaded as many songs for rock band, the series, as I have
on your three 60, what an amazing value to have this new game that uses them in this
whole new way. Um, some of the things I didn't like, I don't think the game is as strong
as frequency and amplitude. I think it's, you know, the whole fact that it's like two
buttons and has this kind of interesting mechanic where the way you increase your score is to
try and, uh, get up all the multipliers by a certain point in the song. But you might
have to know the song a little bit to know that, Oh, your only chance to up the vocal
multipliers is in this one part. That was a little weird to get used to, but I'm okay
with it. But the part that starts to bug me is then when you, if you really want to do
well on a song, you got to use power ups and some of the power ups are pretty cool. Like
I love the pinball and I love all that stuff, but then we get all Facebook up in here. The
only way to get these power ups is with coins and you get coins through either playing songs
or completing challenges. How do you sign up for challenges? You got to link the game
to your Facebook. Now I got to say Harmonics does get props for thinking outside of the
box and doing something a little different and integrating a game so well with the whole
Facebook thing and so forth. But I kind, and I, I, I'm also very thankful they resisted
the temptation to let you buy coins and I hope that never happens and go to that, you
know, free to play model when the game isn't really free. So I really am, I'm respectful
that they did that and I'm thankful they're not doing that. I just kind of think the whole
coins mechanic to begin with is just silly. You know, I, I props to you for thinking outside
the box. I think this is one of those things that doesn't stick. It doesn't really work
for me. And they've tried, they've, they've like tripled the number of coins you get from
challenges and they, they've done some kind of hot fixing on the fly. So I think they're
hearing that people aren't so big on this. So that's great. Harmonics does seem to give
a shit and I think that's very important when you're considering giving a company your money.
It's just that, you know, I think, um, I think it's just a little bit flawed. I think you
kind of took something that was meant to be for a free to play game and tried to put it
in this game and it's not working out so well as you can tell because you're already changing
the weights of things in the first couple of weeks. But again, 15 bucks, good songs,
new game that uses your old DLC. Not a bad deal. I, I, if you like music games, you probably
already have it. Um, some other games I've played this week. Borderlands one, cause it's
free on PlayStation plus right now. Free with the quotes cause PlayStation plus isn't free,
but you know what I mean? Um, ironic cause I already own it on the PC, but I don't know,
sometimes I just want to sit on the couch and play it that way with a controller, even
though I'm not as accurate with a controller. I've already got farther on PlayStation three
than I did on PC. Go figure, but I'm having a good time. Uh, the other new game I want
to talk about double dragon neon. Speaking of free things on PlayStation plus, did you
know double dragon neon came out this last week? Now, Alan, I distinctly remember this.
There was a previous show you were on, you were filling in for Jamie and you and I had
played through double dragon on Xbox cause I just randomly had the version that was on
Xbox like five years ago. Yeah. And then Dan came in and yelled at us. That's right. Yeah,
yeah, yeah. And we played through it and, and uh, we were like, God, what? This game
is shitty. Like what were people, why did we, why did we love this game? It did not
age well. The clipping and the falling off platforms and just the difficulty and is kind
of janky and slow and yeah. Yeah. And so Dan came in and yelled at us going, shut up. Double
dragon is a great game. But like, you know, we were like, uh, so now there's this remake
double dragon neon that came out and I got to admit I approached this remake going, double
dragon stupid, but I'm hearing a lot of good things about it. So whatever, I'll get on
there and check it out. I got to say, well done way forward. They made double dragon
kind of fun again. They did the, you know, it's not, it's not a straight up remake. It's
not a shot for shot remake type of thing. They added some new things into it. Like Billy
and Jimmy can now throw fireballs. But what I love about the game is that it's so tongue
in cheek about how stupid it is. And there's a lot of over the top-ness of it, like an
awesome 80s soundtrack, right? And the, the things that people say, like, um, like you
can whip, like, you know how you can pick up the whip that the, um, lady baddies drop
and you can start whipping people. He'll go, yeah, release the crack and start saying things
like that. It's really stupid. And then there's this whole stupid thing you can do. What,
what the hell was it called? It was, um, instead of co-op, it's called bro op and you can use
the right stick or something to just give your high, give a high five to your bro. Yeah.
High five bro. You know, it's, it's ridiculous. It's so stupid, but I'm just eating it up.
Like it's, I feel like the guys that way forward who developed it and to give this company
props, they've done a lot of the other good remakes too, of which I'm drawing a blank
right now, but I know there were some other really good ones they did. Son of a bitch.
Why can't I remember? Somebody in chat will help me out. But, um, they, it's like they
kind of knew that it was a bad game. They were adapting, but you know, made it fun.
So I love that. Uh, tiger class says, I heard they changed how a Bobo looks in the new double
dragon. Yeah. They made them like twice the size. There's definitely some Ninja turtle
arcade game elements to like the bad guys flash when they're getting weaker in health
and stuff. I just, I love that the game is self-aware. It's great. That adds so much.
I love when a game developer just, just understands the game that they're making. So, um, I mean,
if you're a PlayStation plus user, this is a no brainer. Obviously go get it. It's free.
If you have to pay money for it, um, you know, the game itself, is it going to last past
the first few LOLs and all that stuff? I don't know. It just depends how into these types
of side scrolling fighting games you are. If you liked games like final fight and all
that back in the day, and of course the original double dragon, there's something here for
you. You'll enjoy it. Ninja turtles arcade game. I'd say it's, it's on par with that.
If you didn't enjoy those games, then it's probably a pass. Probably won't be as funny
to you, but I think it's worth checking out. Thank you. Game guru in the chat room. Contra
four was a great, great game that they did. That was one of those. Um, a lot of people
miss that it was on the DS, but, um, yeah, thank you. Game girl. I knew, I knew our chatters
would help us out. Ah, degenerate Johnny in the chat says double dragon neon, the ultimate
bromance in a way it is the way double dragon should be. It's great. All right. Uh, I guess
that's it for my gaming week. So now let's get into some housekeeping. Actually, there
is a bit of housekeeping tonight. Um, first off the show, uh, we will not be here live
next week. Apologies guys, live listeners. Um, I'm going out of town, so a studio OLR
will be closed next Sunday. There will be a new episode of OLR up, so you can do that
still next week. So that will be up. We're going to tape it earlier in the week and it
will replay on Sunday night so you can hear that. So that's just a special note for our
live listeners. I don't want to discourage you from a tuning in though because Bobby
has a really good interview next week and I want to get into that because this is a
great media partnership for the network that we're on, the voice of geeks network. Um,
you know, we haven't been around that long. All things considered, we just launched what?
Uh, the official launch was June. We did a soft launch in May. We'll get this. The VOG
network is an official media partner of the siege expo. This is the southern interactive
entertainment and game expo. It's going to be taking place October 5th through 7th in
Atlanta, Georgia. You can kind of think of this like game developers conference, but
a little more localized. If you're in the southeast area, if you're in Jamie's hometown
of Mobile, you're in Bobby's hometown of Atlanta, you're in Florida. I know we got some listeners
in Florida. If you're in that area and you're interested in developing games, this is a
great opportunity for you. October 5th through 7th in Atlanta. Bobby Blackwolf will be there
representing the voice of geeks network and he's going to be there. Um, he'll be covering
the show on our website, of course, as well as his own show. Uh, he'll be helping out
the Georgia Game Developers Association with doing audio and video from the panels and
keynote speeches through the weekend. So that's really cool. This is the sixth year of the
expo. Um, some people that are going to be there. Dustin Clingman, who's the executive
director of the International Game Developers Association. Rob Carroll, who's the director
of publishing for TapJoy, uh, and so on. Panels on programming, 3D modeling, game audio. This
is not E3. No new game announcements here. You know, it's not going to be that type of
expo. But if you're curious about the industry, you want to know more about how to break into
it. How are the games really made? What's going on in game development right now and
you're in that neck of the woods, I highly encourage you to go October 5th through 7th,
Atlanta Marriott, Northwest in Atlanta, Georgia. Passes are anywhere from $39.95 to $104.95
depending on your current membership with Georgia Game Developers Association or if
you're a student or what have you. You can check out more info at their website. It is
siegecon.net, net, excuse me, s-i-e-g-e-c-o-n dot net. And props to Bobby was obviously
because that's about his backyard, a huge part of establishing that partnership. Props
to you, my friend, pushing our network forward. Um, one other big announcement. I got a lot
of stuff tonight for housekeeping and not just plugging the Facebook at facebook.com
slash orange launch radio or twitter at twitter.com slash o-l-r, though I just did. Last week
we had Aaron on the show or y-y-r and he was pimping his game Bungee Ferret Tossing and
you might be asking yourself, where the hell is it? Well, Aaron tweeted earlier and he
says Monday. The game will be out tomorrow so by the time most of you hear the podcast
version of this, Bungee Ferret Tossing will be out on Xbox Live Indie Games. Guys, let's
make this a success. This is o-l-r inspired. This is one of our dream games, becoming a
reality and it's one stinkin' dollar. You probably have 80 Microsoft points sitting
in your wallet already. So, go get this game on Monday. Bungee Ferret Tossing. We will
have links on the Twitters and on the Facebooks and all that good stuff as soon as the game
is out and we can link you to it. Check that out. Whoo, alright. Now I'm done with housekeeping.
Yay. We got it, right? No live next week but prerecorded. We have Siege and we have BFT
on Monday. Facebook, Twitter. Busy, busy. Back to the Wii U then, Loki? Yes. Let's talk
about some of the stuff we missed. Alright, so a few things about the Wii U. Well, there's
a lot of things about the Wii U but first off, Bayonetta. Bayonetta 2 is actually going
to be an exclusive title for the Wii U that's coming through with a partnership between
Platinum and Nintendo. So they've got that. One of the things that they're talking about
also, game pricing. Everyone was kind of wondering when the pricing was. I think I've mentioned
this in the past. It's going to be like the current gen consoles. $59.99 is going to be
the kind of going price for Wii U games which is kind of a duh. I mean, it makes sense that
it would be that price. Those pro controllers are going to be going for $49.99. Also, the
different launches. Of course, we know we're getting it over here in North America on November
18th. Europe's getting it on November 30th followed by Japan getting it on December 8th.
This is kind of interesting too. Not only does Japan get it on the 8th but they're also
getting their systems without sensor bars. They would never do that over here because
they never sold the sensor bar separately. Third party. Third party, yeah. Can you imagine
how confused people would be? Because, I don't know. That's really banking on people owning
the Wii. Yeah, it's an interesting choice. Of course, there is some other stuff. One
of the features that they were kind of pimping out was the Nintendo TV service. TVII. Gotta
stick with the whole naming scheme. Hate on it all you want. It's cute and it fits. The
name's fine. Alright, I'm just saying. It's a little interesting. It's kind of like the
same stuff that we're doing on the other consoles where they've got a bunch of different streaming
services bundled together plus also you can watch live TV because you can apparently hook
it up to, well, they haven't shown it yet because no one's allowed to take pictures
of the back panel, but the thought is that you're going to be able to hook it up to your
cable line. But it does tie in with TiVo, Netflix, and I believe Amazon streaming services.
And then of course you can also set stuff to TiVo if you have your TiVo. And apparently
they're working with all the different subscribers, Comcast, all the cable and satellite providers.
Does this mean that it has the technology where like in your house, let's say, Loki,
you want to watch American Idol because I know you're such a Nicki Minaj fan, you'll
be watching this year. You're going to watch American Idol on the big TV and then if Nellie
doesn't want to watch that, she can watch the Oprah network on the Wii U device. I don't
think it works like that. Not quite like that? I don't think it works like that. Maybe one's
got to be Netflix? Yeah, but see at this point, everything streams Netflix. True. You know,
the 3DS streams Netflix. If you're a Nintendo fan, you probably have a 3DS as well. Hell,
your Wii streams Netflix. Your phone streams Netflix. Your iPod streams Netflix. Your PC
streams Netflix. Everything fucking streams Netflix. We don't need another device. My
pants do not yet stream Netflix. You need better pants. But it's just, I mean, cool,
okay, whatever. So that's the selling point, whatever, they want to make that. Of course,
they announced also that Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate is going to be coming to the Wii
U as well, also 3DS. That's coming out next year, though. March 31st is a tentative day
right now. Obviously, it's a placeholder, but probably March next year. We know that
the Wii U controllers are pretty expensive because they're selling them separately in
Japan for some reason, even though there's no games that support it, but cool. If you
want to spend extra money, why not? And yeah, that's nothing about online other than there's
supposedly some sort of premium service that they're going to give you 10% back on any
downloads that you pay for. I'm really bothered by the lack of online information. You know
what else is weird? Have they shown, like, this is what the Wii U looks like when you
turn it on. This is the interface. No, they talked about it. Did they? They said it's
going to just boot right into that Nintendo, the Mii Plaza home thing or whatever the hell
they're calling it. Was that the thing with the little messages that we're showing them?
Yeah. It looks like it could be interesting. I don't know. But here's the other thing too
that's kind of bothersome is the amount of storage that's on this thing. I mean, 8 gigs
for the cheap one and 32 for the more expensive one. Well, they made the right decision though
because Reggie confirmed in an interview that you can just plug in any old drive and it
will work. I understand that, but fuck that. I get a 250 gigabyte drive or something, but
the thing is if they're going to be offering games digitally and they've already said that
these games, the disks are going to be up to 25 gigabytes, I'm going to get like a third
of a download for, you know. Well, let's be real. How many games are going to really take
up all that space? If it's like Blu-ray, then if it's a PlayStation 3 type game, a lot of
them actually will take up, you know, over 20 gigs or at least up to 20 gigs. If you
have a Wii set up to load games to a hard drive that you can plug in the Wii, which
is something we've talked about on the show before, so that you can load disks that you
own onto the Wii for quick access, whatever, you'd be surprised how small some of those
games are. Well that, but that's the Wii though. Remember the Wii is last generation graphics,
therefore it doesn't, anything is probably going to fit onto a single layer DVD. I mean
they only had a couple dual layer DVD games, whereas everything is a dual layer DVD on
the Xbox 360 and on the PlayStation 3 it's, you know, Blu-ray and obviously those are
going to be a lot bigger. I don't know. Once again, it's added expenses that, I mean, granted
the average consumer is probably not going to be downloading games, you know, other than
the WiiWare stuff or whatever, eShop crap, but they're not going to be digitally downloading
stuff. It's just, it's added expense stuff to it. Like if I'm buying this system and
I want to do the same type of things I can do on the PlayStation 3, you know, if I want
to play with my family or whatever, I've got to buy all these extra controllers because
God knows what configuration of controllers I'm going to need for whatever game I want
to play. You know, they're talking about up to five people in your household, you know,
playing a game on the Wii. Think of how exciting it will be to spend all that money to buy
those controllers. You know, whether you did it, you know, when you had the Wii or you
did it now because you don't own a Wii, so you have to spend all that money. Then on
top of that, if you want to digitally download stuff, you know, like actually first party
games or, you know, full console games, you're going to have to spend, you know, money to
buy a hard drive, which hard drives have come down in price, but still it's an added expense.
You know, you still have to do that and, I don't know, it's just, it's kind of annoying
that they have all these things that they cut out to make the console cheaper. You know,
stuff that we gave, you know, other console manufacturers crap for, you know, like cutting
out USB ports. That's another thing too. Like if I'm going to plug in like some sort of,
you know, USB drive into this thing or like a hard drive or something, how many fucking
USB ports on this thing? Like two? So what happens when, you know, say I got to play
another game that requires some other USB peripheral? Would a hub work? Like a, well,
yeah, at an expense. I got to buy a fucking hub now because they're not that, they're
not that bad. It doesn't matter though. I don't have to buy a fucking hub. If you bought
three USB devices, you can spare the money for a hub or whatever. I'm just saying, you
know, it's an extra expense that they're not talking to, you know, the consumers about
or they're not even, they don't even know what their fucking online plan is yet. Can
we, yeah, that, that concerns me too. I really, I need to hear from Nintendo that they understand
online now. Like they haven't even said, here, here is, you know, our online, here is, here's
what it looks like, you know, you know, requesting, you know, friend requests, here's this and
that. All we've seen is just, you know, hey look, you can post stupid messages on a message
port about this game. Haha, this level is hard. Whoa, smiley face. You know, I mean,
that's all it really just, just so you know, uh, Loki and the chat, the chatters are correcting
you on something, uh, starting with black Wolf and JVM on following four USB ports.
They said two in front, two in back. Well, cool. That, that should do it then. But, um,
still though, I don't want to have to buy all these extra things. Let's take a step
back for a minute. Alan, I'm going to ask your opinion on all this too, because you're
being too quiet over there. But hold on, before I get to you, uh, I want to take a step back
Bayonetta two, because obviously that was the big thing that people walked away from
this whole, uh, you know, expo going, Whoa, Bayonetta two it's real. Oh my gosh. And okay,
it's on the Wii U. All right. In my opinion, that's exactly the type of bullet Nintendo
needed in their gun, you know, pun intended. That was, but for me though, it wasn't quite
enough. I'm don't get me wrong. I'm glad Nintendo saved it from not existing at all. And I'm
glad that, you know, that that's a step in the right direction. It's just not enough
in the right direction to really convince me like, Holy shit, I need one of these day
one. I needed to see F zero, Metroid, Zelda, one of those Nintendo properties. That's not
just another Mario game in the same vein as the three that have already come out recently.
Well, here's the thing too about Bayonetta two. I mean, Bayonetta didn't sell very well.
I mean, it's a niche game. I mean, it didn't sell that great, but now you're narrowing
it down even more. All those fans, but it's fucking great. I understand it, but your devil
may cry. It's the same game and that game does well. You're looking at the same situation
with mad world. Mad world was an awesome game for the way they have, cause it's like fucking
look at, we understand adult games. We have a game that's, you know, just fucking awesome
that's on our platform and it sold like shit. So that's unfortunately a lot of the platinum
games. You know, granted, I'm sure that, you know, male horizon is probably gonna do really
well, but they haven't sold very well. Go ahead. So for the Bayonetta thing, for the
last two years I've been asking, even if it's just in Japan and we don't get it, where's
Bayonetta two? Because I mean, Japanese games, they love their sequels, right? So I'm like,
where is it? Where's Bayonetta two? What's platinum games working on? So when I finally
said Bayonetta two is real, but it's Wii U exclusive, I'm still kind of disappointed
and buttoned out about that, but I'm going to think realistically, will it be ported
to at least a 360 or PS3 within two years after the Wii U? No. No, it's not? It's published
by Nintendo. Yeah. Oh. Nintendo has it by the balls. Okay. All right. Well there's that,
but one, I guess I just won't play it then. And two, like what Bobby Blackwolf was saying,
if it means Nintendo dropping a big sack of money in platinum games laps saying give us
Bayonetta two, if that had to happen or else Bayonetta two wasn't going to happen at all,
then fine. Yes, I would rather there be a Bayonetta two. Don't swell his ego anymore.
You need to understand something about all these people going, Oh my God, Bayonetta two,
the Wii U has it all the time. Did they announce a fucking release date for it? Oh, wait, that
wasn't there? Gee, I wonder why, because maybe that platinum games right now is working on
Metal Gear Rising Revengeance. That doesn't come out until February. So that means they're
still going to be fucking working on the game till at least January. What was in that? That
trailer was literally nothing. Was it in that 50 game launch window? No, it's not a launch
title. That's probably next year sometime. You'd be lucky if it's next year holiday.
I bet you 2014 just like, Hey, Smash Brothers is coming to the Wii U and everyone's like,
Oh my God, Smash Brothers, I need to buy a Wii U. It's not fucking coming out for years.
It's, it's, it's a lot of the 3DS syndrome. I hate to say pilot wings resort, not the killer
game to launch your system with. They're teasing shit. That's not going to be coming out forever
because it, people are dumb enough to go, well, I'm buying the system for Bayonetta two. Cool.
You're buying that system. It's going to be fucking collecting does until the two years
from now that Bayonetta is going to be fair. Nintendo land for what it is. Uh, uh, we have
the Abu collection of mini games and so forth. It looks pretty neat. I'm kind of sold on
Nintendo land, I gotta say. Cool. I'll probably enjoy that more than I actually played. We
sports, we sports is one of those things is fun for five minutes and then you're like,
Oh, I get it. I mean, I wish they would have something that would be, you know, Oh my God,
I have to have the system for it, but they just don't. And that's, that's my thing. That's
why I'm not getting one. I'm not saying that, Oh, you're wrong for, you know, someone else
is wrong for getting it because they have something that they're like, Oh my God, I
want to play that. You know, Oh God, I got to play Mario Brothers in HD. Peekman has
a cult following. That's not my game that I ever really got into, but I could understand
where somebody is like, fuck yeah, Pikmin. I got to get this. But that's the thing is
they're trying to grab all these niche areas. Like, okay, Pikmin has a following of like,
maybe there's a, they have a fucking Mario game coming out on it. Loki. That's your non
niche game. Mario that's been out. It looks very similar to the Mario that just came out
a second ago. Those games sell like crazy. It's going to be a success. It could be Mario's
douche factory and people will eat that shit up. Okay. I, it doesn't matter. It's just,
I'm sure it's going to be a fun game, but the thing is for me, it's not that like, wow,
it's not that it's, it's the same experience I can get right now, you know, on a 3DS or
on a Wii or something like that. That's, that's my problem. You know, and the gimmicky thing
of, Hey, look, I can use this tablet and I can tap the screen and it makes platforms.
Fuck. You could probably do that if you made some sort of connectivity between the DS version
and the Wii version. You could do the same shit with your stylus on the touch screen,
but no, we're just not going to do that. Alan, you never got to finish your thought
because Loki, you know, got on his tangent, but yeah, so I'd rather there be a bed Bayonetta
to that. I'll never play the no Bayonetta to at all. And when Bobby was reading those
tweets about this is the worst thing since the mass effect three ending, I was like,
Oh Jesus Christ, go pee your bed. What really? That's, this is the thing that people are
talking about, but yeah, whatever. But I really have no fucks to give for the Wii U. I don't
care. I'm the Wii, the Wii, we don't play it here. It's the one system that I don't
bought that I didn't have my own copy of when I moved in with you. So I played Wii Fit for
like a week. Once in a while I get into Wii mode. You have to admit, yeah. Once you're
gonna pick up, you're gonna pick up Wii Fit U because Wii Fit U's got the crappy pedometer
with your little Miya on it. Oh my God. And guess what? If someone's watching TV, you
can look like a goddamn fool staring into a little tablet and exercising. I, well, okay.
Let's Alan, let's say you had the, have had the money. Money's not a concern and so forth.
You still would not buy a Wii U on this principle of there's not really something you want to
play on it right now. Right? Correct. And I also, I agree with what Loki was saying
that 20, 25 second Bayonetta 2 reveal trailer is literally nothing. So like there's, they
have not probably even started to work on this game even a little tiny bit yet. Let's
be fair. It's two years off. Just, if you're interested in Wii and you haven't pre-ordered
it yet, you're probably not going to fucking get it at launch anyways. Just chill the fuck
out. Let the whole like, you know, oh my God, I'm a crack addict. I need my Nintendo crack,
you know, right now. Just let that like kind of calm down, get out of your system and just
give it like a year and then you know, a Zelda game will be fucking coming out. The system
will probably drop in price and there'll be stuff that you'll actually want to play. I
think the 3DS is going to be an awesome system that is going to have dozens of must have
games for it in another two years. The Vita is going to be an awesome system with dozens
of must have games for it in another two years. So Wii U is probably going to be the same
way. Uh, GameGuru brings this comment to chat that has the facts I was looking for and arguing
with Loki earlier. Thank you GameGuru. New Super Mario Brothers U sold 25, I think he
meant to say New Super Mario Brothers. New Super Mario Brothers sold 25 million copies.
It's the biggest title Nintendo could bring out for Wii U. 25 million copies as a franchise
or as a title because I don't think that's as a title. And it was a packing game. Semantics.
It doesn't matter. It's a huge game. The point still stands. It's the biggest title Nintendo
could bring out for Wii U. Or they could have made a new Mario game. You know, why settle
for just the same franchise that you know, you've already been pimping them for a while.
Yeah, those numbers look nice if you're talking franchise because you've only, how many New
Super Mario Brothers games have you released? Yeah, that's what I thought. I can't wait
to buy Legend of Zelda. The new one? No, all of them. Again and again. All right, look,
but now let's go back to the real world for a minute here, Alan, because you know, you're
not living by yourself anymore. You're in a committed relationship with an individual
who tends to be a bit of a consumer whore. Yes. So there probably will be a Wii U in
the house within the next year. Yes. How does that make you feel? I don't care about the
Wii U. You won't even touch it? You won't look at it? Well, it's hooked up. I'll play
it, but I mean... Well, it's there. I'll have my hour where I go, oh, okay, use the controller
and all right, then boom, never again. All right, fair enough. Technus in chat wondering,
so I wonder what will come out first, Bayonetta 2 or the Wonderful 101? Live.vognetwork.com.
Clearly the Wonderful 101, right? Yeah, Wonderful 101 because that's the launch window title
and Bayonetta is not even fucking being worked on yet. You know what, though? Again, I will
say props to Nintendo for the Bayonetta 2 thing. Now give me like three more of those
on that level and we're sitting really, really, really good. Platinum tends to release about
one game a year, I think. They don't have to be Platinum Games. I'm talking about other
exclusive things would be great. No, I'm talking about Platinum Games as the company being
released, you know, one title they work on about once a year, I think, because they did,
I think Platinum Games did, what was it, Max Anarchy or Anarchy Reigns in the US here,
you know, that's not out yet. Then, of course, they've got, you know, next year, Metal Gear
Rising Revengeance, so probably 2014. All right, let's move on with some more Nintendo
news. This is a story on the Nintendo Network. We've kind of touched on this, so I'll make
this quick. If you shell out the money for the higher end Wii U, you're going to get
not just some more gigabytes, you will get access to Nintendo Network Premium. Nintendo
Network is the online service. It's going to be free, but apparently Nintendo said at
one point, well, maybe it won't always be free, we just don't know yet. There's a lot
we're still figuring out. We haven't figured out the whole Network thing. So it looks like
what we have now is Nintendo Network Premium, and people were going so like Xbox Gold, PlayStation
Plus, what the hell. Nintendo Network Premium right now looks to be nothing more than rewards.
If you are one of these premium users, you get a game, you get 10% of the purchase in
points that you can exchange for a redemption code to trade in for other games or DLC. This
sounds a lot like that coins thing they already have in a way, except this is more encouraging
people to do stuff online, I guess, although they did that with the new Super Mario Brothers
2 Gold Mania or whatever the hell that's called on the 3DS. They were offering double coins
if you download it digitally. So is this like a yearly subscription thing or is this just
I buy the fancy system? You buy the fancy system and you get it. Now the other thing
from the Japanese conference only offered till December 2014. Okay. Oh my god, will
I be able to get it in this like two year window? Yeah, I don't know. There's a lot
of question mark here that I'm not, you know, and that's the problem is that after that
press conference, there should not have been this many question marks. That's a two year
console cycle. Stop. And they'll have the Wii UU. Well I get if it's only free until
December 2014. But then what? What do the non deluxe people get? Is that all it is as
a discount program? How do I, are we still on friend codes? Do we have Nintendo gamer
tags now? What's going on? Hello? I guess I'm not supposed to ask those questions. I'm
supposed to say, ooh Bayonetta, pretty. Moving on. Let's do more Nintendo news. Yes. So websites
that are offering preorders for the Wii U system, either of the bundles, are marking
themselves as being sold out. So the assumption that could be made is that this thing is selling
like crazy, at least in the preorder cycle. It looks like Best Buy, Toys R Us, and Target
are sold out online of both versions. Sears and Kmart are only listing the deluxe as
sold out with the cheaper SKU not there at all. Again, GameStop online can't preorder
it. Doesn't really mention Amazon in this article that I'm referencing. Well there's
another issue going on there, but I'll come back to that. So we already kind of talked
about this a little bit where, you know, Matt was saying, well, we don't know how much,
like Nintendo dictates to them what numbers there are before they have to consider themselves
sold out. But it looks like Walmart grown, who's also making things more difficult because
Walmart does their own bundle within the bundle. Walmart online is offering their Walmart solution
bundle which are even more expensive. The basic one with the shit that they are bundling
in is $400 and then $450 for the deluxe Wii U SKU plus whatever bullshit they're in. So
if you want to get in on the Wii U preorder, Walmart I guess is a good place to start.
So I guess Nintendo's not looking to have these long lines and stuff this time because
if Target and Walmart both did preorders and, you know, that's where all the lines were
showing up before. I'm telling you, if they sold out in one day, there's no way. There's
no stories about people lining up at the fucking store to make preorders. There's no way that
there's a large amount of systems being preordered. Even if everybody fucking rushed down and
bum rushed, you know, GameStop, there's no way that they have a lot. But they're doing
it though so that it makes a good headline. You know, the system's selling out, look how
fast it's sold out. Yeah, if I offered one for sale and, you know, it would sell out
instantly. I mean, so on a website where you can't see how many they have. I mean, fuck,
look at the iPhone 5. Is that shit selling out? And I'm sure they're going to sell millions
of those. So I mean, I just have a hard time believing that there's going to be a lot being
sold. Um, it seems like all hope is not lost though. There are some stores that just aren't
going to do preorders. Like Fry's is one that I can think of. They don't ever do preorders.
So if I really want to get a Wii U launch day, I'll just go there early, I guess. Um,
but I was surprised at the lack of Amazon, but apparently there's something deeper going
on here. And that's the whole fact that Amazon hasn't carried the 3DS or the 3DS XL and they
haven't said anything about the Wii U. They used to carry the 3DS. Exactly. I bought a
3DS game from them. They used to carry the 3DS. The 3DS, they had a problem with people
reporting broken hinges and so they got returned to them. And the thought is that they tried
returning those to Nintendo. Nintendo said, fuck you, you're stuck with them. And so they're
like, fuck you, we're not carrying your hardware. Which is fine. You know, to be honest, they
don't need that shit because you know why? The hardware, there is no markup on the hardware.
They're making nothing off that. So there's no reason for them to carry it. But Amazon,
that's not the type of company Amazon is. Amazon will slit throats to get you to go
to their site and buy this shit on their site. I understand that, but if, if it's come down
to where, you know, hey, we're losing hundreds of dollars on this thing. Amazon lost their
biggest competitive advantage yesterday. Amazon is now in a whole new world as of yesterday.
Guess what changed at Amazon.com yesterday? Started charging tax. That's right. Sales
tax. Sales tax in the state of California. And I think a few others too. I don't think
it's just California. Cause when you file for your state taxes every April in California,
it says, did you order something online from out of state? Because please enter the amount
here so that we can factor in sales tax. Everyone goes next. Fuck no. I'm sure everybody has
always been a hundred percent honest. They've got a shoe box of receipts and Amazon invoices.
Yeah. But now it doesn't matter if you're in California. You tell me if I've ordered
something. Oh, you don't know. Well then I didn't. Yeah. I love that system. We're going
to plead the honor system, right? You're like, you're going to be honest with me if you're
charging me too many taxes. No, you're not. Okay. So what's this that Bobby's linking
me to? He's linking to an actual, it looks like a 3ds Cosmo black. Ah, here's the trick
though. It says 17 left in stock sold by Emacs and fulfilled by Amazon. So technically that's
not Amazon. That's one of their little mini sub stores that's doing it. So yes, they have,
you can get, okay, if you want to get me on a technicality, you can get the 3ds on Amazon,
but it's not going to come from Amazon. No, it's going to come from a third party. Yeah.
So very interesting. Uh, I'm, I, I still am surprised that Amazon, you know, despite all
that madness would, you know, it's nothing that the other companies aren't having to
put up with. Don't take the returns then. Well, I think it became a problem where, you
know, customers were complaining that, you know, it's a defective system and they were
just returning them in mass or something. I don't know, but I, I would assume that'd
be the only reason why they wouldn't carry it. Hmm. Um, so let's talk a little bit, something,
something different than Nintendo for a while. Yes, please. Believe it or not, there was
other news this week besides Nintendo. Can I just take a minute real quick? It's nowhere
else on our show roll tonight. I can't believe it got left off. I just need to tip the hat.
You mentioned it. iPhone five is huge gaming news. Like it or not, they come out and say,
it's a huge gaming handheld. I think even more so than the iPhone five, I think we all
need to not forget there if, cause if you don't even want it for the phone or whatever,
there is still the iPod touch. Is that what they call the ones that are the phones without
the phone? They announced that too. That is basically an iPhone five and all those games
and all that stuff. So despite however you feel about Apple, that is a huge, you know,
the angry birds of the world is all going to be over there and stuff. So that's a pretty
big gaming news. I just wanted to get that out there cause those were two big, big, big
gaming stories this week. Cool. Real racing's on it. Fantastic. The fact that it's a new
resolution is a little bit strange too. And I, I, I still, why are they still talking
iPad mini? There is no reason for an iPad mini. An iPad mini is an iPod touch. Why do
we still have all these crazy rumors about the iPad mini? I don't get it because seven
inch tablets are popular. Just get the iPad. You won't be disappointed. It's pretty. And,
and as Netflix, everything fucking has Netflix. Okay. Everything seriously to register participation
for this week's episode of orange lounge radio at vog network.com. Use the passphrase guitar.
So Zynga has filed a counter suit or filed, I guess, a counterclaim against EA. And of
course, you know, they're saying, you know, today we respond to EA's claims, which we
believe have no merit. We also filed a counterclaim, which addresses actions by EA. We'd be believed
to be anti-competitive and unlawful business practices, including legal threats, demands
for no higher agreements. We look forward to getting back to focusing all our efforts
on delighting our players. And then to which I add with our clone games. Um, but seriously,
that's the whole thing. There's like basically saying, Oh yeah, no, we're not copying the
Sims social. No, I'm sorry. They are. That's I mean, come on. Anybody that probably listens
to the show, that's seen the evidence of them copying many other games. We know better.
I mean, who are they trying to fool? Obviously the court, but well, they, I mean, this is
also one of those things though. It's like a does zinc is not going to take this long.
Well, you caught us there. Yeah, we did. You're IDA. Yeah. We were, we were ripping off all
your games. Here you go. Here's the billion dollars you were asking for. So this is not
a surprise, right? Yeah. Not at all. Come on. And so, um, I don't know. I mean, of course,
you know, they're break man and chat at live.vognetwork.com says Zinga considers copying other people's
games to be a completely legal process. I didn't mean to cut you off. You sound like
you were trailing off with that thought there. No, no, no. They're, they're basically saying
here's their whole reason there. It's, it's, it's okay to do what we're doing. Basically.
Um, you know, the, the alleged certain modes of expression are customary and necessary
to express the genres such as seeing on a couch, watching TV, taking a shower and going
to sleep in a bed. Such modes of expression are known as, uh, scenes affair, uh, are not
protectable. Uh, one company, uh, allowing one company to own them with work, competition,
innovation and creativity. Employing the scenes affair, um, common functions or functional
elements is not a copyright infringement. It is how a genre is expressed. So what they're
saying is our game looks slightly different, but just because, you know, Sims, I'm sorry,
him or Ville person, whoever, what the hell they're calling it, sits down to take a crap
doesn't mean that, you know, it's the same thing. Except once again, it's, they're not
just copying the fact that, you know, this person takes, you know, can take a nap or
this person, you know, cooks on a stove or something like that. They're copying the character
editor or the art style or, you know, the menus or the, you know, palette for your skin
tones, you know, that kind of stuff.
All right, let's move on to other legal news. This one's, this one's a tricky issue. Oh
boy, this is, um, wow. Okay. So who owns the word gamer? G A Y M E R a word that describes
a gay gamer. It's kind of a name that the community's taken up a little bit here. Uh,
you've might've heard of gamer con was a big thing that we were talking about, uh, before
on the show. Cause I talked about that. That's the only Kickstarter I've ever backed. Well,
um, you may or may not have heard of a site gamer.org G A Y M E R.org. And back in 2007,
the owner, Chris Vizzini, I hope I'm saying that right. Um, announced that he was going
to trademark the term gamer. I seem to remember reporting on this back then because the show's
been around a while and I seem to remember reporting on this back then saying, I'm not
a big fan of this. You know, the fact that he's trying to trademark this word and I don't
think anybody did. Well, I think the part we missed, he got the trademark. The United
States gave him the trademark on the word gamer for his website, gamer.org. So the trademark
applies to online communities, hosting and maintaining an online website for others to
discuss receive and disseminate information concerning video games. So he owns the trademark
on that when it comes to online communities. Well, this past week, a cease and desist letter
from Chris Vizzini was sent to Reddit. Talk about a David versus Goliath scenario. The
gamers community on Reddit is something like 17,000 some odd people. Gamer.org, not really
a big website. It was a good concept, but gaygamer.net kind of came around and did it
better. I don't mean any disrespect to gamer.org because, you know, look at Orange Lounge Radio.
Shit, we've been around 10 years and we still haven't made it big, quote unquote. So, you
know, I can kind of sympathize in that sort of regard, but I'm not so sure I would have
picked my battle with Reddit either. You know, like, Redditers are crazy. We mean that in
the nicest possible way. But like, to quote a famous gif of Whoopi Goldberg, you in danger
girl. So, and gamer.org ended up being shut down just like not even a day later with after
this whole stuff. So here's, here's the situation. He responded and so forth. Here's his response.
I informed the mod team of our gamers that we'd received a cease and desist for the infringement
of the gamer trademark and that our legal counsel had informed, I'm sorry, is this,
I'm sorry, I am reading, scratch that, my bad, I am reading what the admin on Reddit
said. Like, as I'm reading it here, it doesn't make sense. Okay, sorry. How embarrassing.
I informed the mod team of our gamers that we received a cease and desist letter for
infringement of the gamer trademark and that our legal counsel had informed us that the
letter presents a real threat that they would sue Reddit. I let them know so that they could
start planning how to respond, including seeing if there's any way for them to work things
out with the owner of the trademark. Now the response from gamer.org. He sent the cease
and desist because as a trademark holder, you have to defend your trademark or you will
risk losing it. He's emailed Reddit twice before and no response. He says, I started
gamer.org in 2003 and began to build gamer as a brand. That's why I trademarked and word
marked the name. At that time, there was only one other site around dedicated to gay gamers.
I have spent countless hours and thousands of dollars on gamer.org. I have done so gladly
as it's brought happiness to many people. He is not pursuing gamer con because his trademark
is only about online communities. I would think though, gamer con, if they're going
to be as big as Fanime or PAX or any other big convention, will probably have an online
forum at some point. So I would still be a little worried if I was on the planning board
at gamer con about the impact this could have. Now, you might be curious about my thoughts
as a gay gamer. And my thoughts is I don't necessarily fault Chris in this circumstance
because he does have to defend his trademark. He should have never been given that trademark
in the first place. That's the problem. Why did they give him that? He should have every
right to gamer.org. But the word gamer, that's a really broad thing to have. And especially
this far, I mean, there was a dude on the tester whose name was gamer, his little online
thing. That didn't ruffle any feathers, I guess, because again, gamer doesn't have his
own online community. But as many of the folks on Reddit and all around the internet were
quick to point out, that word gamer has existed dating back to Yahoo! groups and all this
stuff before that. I mean, it's just kind of a little play on word that makes a lot
of sense. Why was he given the trademark in the first place?
Because the patent offices don't know better. Because he filed first. Probably no one thought
about trademarking it, so he did. What he could have done if he's just defending it
because, oh, I need to and otherwise I will lose my trademark, whatever. He could license
it to him for free. Okay, yes, you may use this as your forum thing or whatever, but
I have the rights to. It is a trademark of blah, blah, blah. That'd be the nice thing
to do, I guess.
Rama in chat says, Sky, a treaty alliance between both organizations. I wish. That would
be the nice thing to see here. In a minority of a minority community, is this what we really
need to have happening right now? This sucks. Especially when things are kind of gaining
steam with the convention and all this right now, this is a real shot in the foot. This
is a terrible time for something like this to happen.
I get that gamer.org feels the need to defend their trademark and the thousands of dollars
they've invested. Shit, we've invested thousands of dollars in this program and the community
we've built and all that stuff, but I just kind of think at a certain point you have
to let it go. And you kind of have to just admit the term gamer has become something
much larger than gamer.org. I forgot there was a gamer.org until I saw this site earlier
this week. No offense, the site hasn't been able to keep itself in the public eye the
way gaygamer.net has. Or the Reddit. He looks like he was updating it back in August and
July and then kind of took off. Because he had to get his site back, he had to do a rollback
of a month. So a lot of the stuff that was up there disappeared. Because there was something
up there on the OUYA. I managed to see it before it went down and there was something
on there about the OUYA and some of the other stuff. But there's the forums. Again, I mean
no disrespect to that community because we have a small community. Shit, Loki named the
Wii U release date in July and I bet you nobody knows that. But I don't know. But then of
course you come around and say, well if somebody tried to start a community called Orange Lounge
Video, would you have a problem with that? And there's a part of me that's kind of like
yes and no. If you're just trying to piggyback on our success, yes I'd have a problem with
that. But at the same time, Orange Lounge Radio wasn't exactly our name 100% either.
And we've always admitted that. We were inspired to name ourselves after something we were
all fans of, the way a Beatles tribute band might call them Yellow Submarine or something
like that. It's very kind of akin to that. But if Orange Lounge had this common meaning,
if Orange Lounge was suddenly the term that everybody called their video game room or
something, I think there'd have to be a point where you just kind of let it go. I don't
know. Loki, you're on the outside looking in. You probably have no reason to go to a
gamer reddit or gamer.org. What do you think of all this kind of back and forth debacle?
That's typical, typical trademark copyright garbage. You know, someone trademark something.
Like if we're going to totally make it non-sexually oriented at all. I mean look at the guy that
tried to trademark Mame a while back. A great comment from Dungeon Buster in the chatroom
about this is the USPTO, the same place that gave Langdell his trademark over Edge. Remember
that? And then there's not just Edge, but then there is the, what is the other one?
The one that hit against Elder Scrolls. Was it Scrolls? Yeah, it's the Mojang game. It's
called Scrolls, right? So there's that whole debacle too. Like holy hell do we need this
stuff reexamined. I mean we're in this technological age where the laws from the 17 and 1800s don't
work anymore. Again, I really feel like he should have never been given the trademark
in the first place. Stop, I mean I can feel for the guy because it's like, oh you were
given this great thing and now the internet's trying to take it away. But it's like, you
shouldn't have had that. You should have gotten gamer.org. That's all yours buddy. You get
that. Let me put it this way. Gamer probably too, like someone that's not familiar with
anything on the internet. You know, people that work at the patent office. Probably,
you know, hey that's a unique thing. You know, we'll go ahead and give it to that guy. I
mean they don't do any research, but that's the problem though is they'll just give it
to whomever. And you know, yeah it kind of sucks for everybody else, but I don't really
know where, you know, something becomes so commonly used that they can't trademark it
anymore or something. I don't know. I don't really know how that works. Well as somebody
who's supporting GamerCon and would think that logically that's going to have a community
at some point, and just like a gamer myself, I kind of think this guy needs to let it go.
I understand he wants to defend what he's invested his hard earned money in, but there's
a way for everybody to win in this scenario. If he wanted more visibility for his site,
why not work with Reddit? It's a pretty powerful, if you want to get yourself promoted, you
want to get the word around the internet, Reddit's a pretty fucking great place to go
for that type of stuff. You know, it seems like they could have, he could have got more
for his site working with Reddit than he's getting working against them. And that goes
for any large, large, large online community. And I hate seeing these, these factions fight.
It sucks. Alright, moving on. I need some happier news or something. Can you deliver,
Alan? Not really happy news, but some sassy news. Okay, I'll take sassy. So this is probably
one of the most ludicrous stories that I've reported on whenever I've guest hosted on
this show. Electronic Arts usually, they've, I don't want to say butted heads, but they've
had snippy things to say about Valve and Steam in the past, where I guess that one EA guy,
excuse me, was saying that when Steam discounts games as much as it does and has those crazy
99 cent sales and stuff, that it sort of devalues PC games and this, that, and the other, even
though indie developers have come out and said that putting their game on Steam versus
Xbox Live was one of the best things they ever did, blah, blah, blah. The Origin client,
which became a mandatory thing for Mass Effect 3, is fucking terrible. And EA and Origin
doesn't have the sales that Steam does and blah, blah, blah. So EA is always trying to
be up Valve's ass. I guess EA on two different occasions have tried to enter talks with Valve
to purchase the company. Going upwards of some of the preliminary talks they did offered
up to a billion dollars if Valve was going to take the offer seriously. That's how much
they were willing to front to start the conversation. And Gabe Newell is like, no, that's not going
to happen. Quote, co-owner and company founder Gabe Newell, however, said that the likelihood
of his fiercely independent company selling to an Electronic Arts or one of the other
major multinational publishers like Activision or Ubisoft is about as likely as Nintendo
selling off the Mario brand. Newell said that Valve would sooner disintegrate than sell
out to a major publisher. It's way more likely we would head in that direction than say,
let's find some giant company that wants to cash us out and wait two or three years to
have our employment agreements terminate. So, yeah, EA I guess has tried to buy Valve
and it sounds ridiculous. One of the dumbest things I've ever heard. And we don't even
know what Valve is doing with the fact that the story that we covered last week where
Valve's looking for industrial engineers for this maybe PC box that's going to run Steam
maybe on television sets. That's what people are speculating on. So we don't know what
Valve is up to, but obviously they're not in a position to be bought by anyone and they
have more money than God because Steam already commands a membership of 54 billion active
users and growing. So they're not in want for money for EA to buy them.
I would say it's surprising that EA's tried to buy Valve. I don't think that's surprising.
It gives me warm fuzzies to know that Gabe Newell basically laughed in their face. That
gives me warm fuzzies. Especially after that PopCap story from last week.
From a business standpoint, if you're a company as big as EA, hey, they make good shit. Let's
say, hey, hey, you guys for sale? That's legit. EA's can ask that if whoever they want. Gabe
Newell is like, no. I love this. That's what's funny. I love this comment from mm2k in our
chat room. Thank God the people at Valve own Valve. EA buying it would be the coming of
Satan. Well, that's not a dramatic statement. Would EA bring Half-Life 3 out faster? Cause
I don't know. Oh no you didn't. Oh no you didn't. And Zynga buying it would be ultra
Satan. I want somebody to buy Valve and legitimize them. Is that possible? EA should buy Zynga.
What better way to settle this whole thing? That would be funny. It would be hilarious.
Activision buys Zynga and then rolls it in with Blizzard and the sky turns black. Oh,
can you imagine how terrible World of Warcraft would be? Possibly. It already got worse when
Activision bought them. But anyway, BlackWolf in our chat room says, VoG, however, would
not say F you to EA. EA bring your money trucks to my house, please. Wait a minute, Bobby.
It's not a gaming station. EA doesn't have interest in that gaming is one part of nerdom.
That's fine. They can roll those money trucks up. I'll be able to sell my gaming part of
it. That's true. I think all of us are sitting here going, yeah, we'd sell out. Money? Sure.
All right, let's move on. Travel around the world and check out some release dates and
what is coming out near you in a country near you. Loki, start us off. There's some decent
stuff coming out this week. Of course, we've got Borderlands 2 coming out on PlayStation
3 and Xbox 360 and PC. The Kirby's Dream collector's special edition. That's way too many adjectives
for that. That's coming out on the Wii this week. NCIS 3D on the 3DS. Hotel Transylvania
on the DS and 3DS. Collector's Edition for Borderlands 2. Deluxe Vault Hunter Collector's
Edition and the Ultimate Loot Chest Edition. That's coming out as well. F Ultimate Loot
Chest Edition. I almost got that. The chest on that thing is huge. Although the collector's
edition for Black Ops 2 looks pretty sweet. And it has a bigger chest. It's all about
the bigger chest. Formula 1 2012 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. The Street Fighter 25th Anniversary
Collection on Xbox 360 and PS3. And Connect Sports Ultimate Collection. It's a re-release
of Connect Sports 1 and 2 on one disc. It's coming out on 360. Harley Pasternak's Hollywood
Workout on Xbox 360 and the Wii. And this week we get our Connect TV games. Connect
Sesame Street TV and Connect National Geo. Or Net Geo TV on 360 as well. When's Surface
coming? Do we know? I'm sorry. What the hell was that thing called they showed at E3? The
Surface? No, the name of the... Is it called Surface? The thing that will let my iPad be
a touch controller. Oh, Smart Glass. Thank you, Smart Glass. That's in the fall update
I think. Surface is the Microsoft touch. We still don't know when that's coming either.
Surface is the tablet. I thought it's in Vegas for slot machines or in Digital Blackjack
and that's it. We had a great, I will say, when we went to PAX08 or whatever, we had
a great bonding time with Bobby sitting around one of those... Was somebody else with us
too? Maybe for a little bit. I want to say one of the gals from the Bay Area that's also
podcasting was there with us. But we were having some bonding time around Microsoft
Surface. It was good times. Good times. All right, let's move on. Let's take a look at
release dates in Japan, starting with the Xbox 360. Kingdoms of Amalur Reckoning. Hey.
It's new for Japan coming out of there. I'm assuming this is some type of localized version.
There's also Majiten, Majidetenshe Suksemita in limited and regular edition is coming out
this week. I'm not sure exactly what this is, but based on some of the screenshots...
Yeah. It's naked anime chicks. Look at that booby. Or excuse me, not booby. Look at that
booty. Yeah, naked anime girls, but their faces look like they're 12. That is how the
Xbox 360 is going to sell in Japan. That's how you sell a Wii U. That's how you sell
a Wii U right there. Yeah, the little LCD controller is x-ray, so the TV, she's got
her top on, but then you have the controller and it's... That's how you do it. Nelly's
watching American Idol on the TV. You're watching porn on the Wii U. They had, and I don't remember
what the hell the game was called, they had a game that came out in the UK. It was on
the PlayStation 2 and Xbox. And it was like one of those, not like a Leisure Sue Larry
or like a Playboy the Mansion game, but there was something like that where you're picking
up women and you have to do weird things, you know, to get in their favor. But one of
the mini games had to do with manipulating their nipples. And what were the nipples?
But the two analog sticks. Wow. That was great. Awesome. Alright, PlayStation 3, big releases
this week. We have Daikokai Jidai Online Second Age. I don't know what game this translates
to, but there's a regular and limited edition. It looks like some type of online game. I'm
getting a vibe similar to like a Final Fantasy XI is, or a White Knight Chronicles almost
even, this kind of looks like to me. But yeah, it's second age, so it's some type of second
generation MMO I'm just not familiar with from the Japanese name. There's also a game
called Akatsuki no Goei Trinity comes out in also a regular and limited edition this
week in Japan. Eureka Seven AO, Jungfrau no Hanabanatachi game. It's one of those video
game and the hybrid anime disc. F1 2011, Kingdom of Amalur Reckoning, Shin Sangoku Musou Six
Empires, that's Dynasty Warrior if I'm not mistaken. And a new wireless headset from
Sony is all coming out this week. Big week in Japan there on the PlayStation 3. Yeah,
they do have a new wireless headset. I'm not really sure what it is though. I just saw
it the other day in her system. Why not? Quickly looking at the handhelds, checking out the
Vita. Oh, Little Big Planet, that's kind of a big release. That's out in Japan this week.
Little Big Planet and did you say that's coming out here too? Little Big Planet is in a couple
weeks. Damn, I really want to play that. Lastly on the 3DS, nothing this week strangely. Everything's
next week for the 3DS. Nothing this week. Let's travel to the UK. Alan, are you able
to fill in for Jamie tonight? Yes, over in the UK starting on September 18th, connect
Nat Geo TV and connect Sesame Street TV. On the 19th of September, Little Big Planet
on the Vita. 20th of September, Rayman Jungle Run on the Android and iPad. Torchlight 2
for PC. September 21st, F1 2012 for PS3, PC and 360. I think this title is being listed
twice, one in English, one in Japanese, but one piece Kaizoku Musou and also one piece
Pirate Warriors that has the same box art, I'm assuming it's the same game. Borderlands
2, woohoo, on September 21st and that's it for that week. AlphaKananagram in our chat
room. This is why I love having chatters. Live.vognetwork.com, they set us straight
when we were wrong. AlphaKananagram says Little Big Planet Vita came out two days ago. Sony
said fuck it and released it early, I'm playing it now. The box version is not. Although I'll
have to charge them a Vita. I know, I'm like, I'm all about Little Big Planet on the Vita,
I'm excited about that. Nothing at all is disappointed about. I was just a target today,
if I'd seen that I would have snatched it up. It's not been released boxed, it's maybe
digitally. I think somebody broke Street Date. I think GameStop broke Street Date, I seem
to remember now, I was having a conversation with a friend of mine that said GameStop broke
Street Date. Oh, I'm not surprised, they do that shit all the time. Oh, but if anyone
else breaks Street Date, all hell's gonna break loose. Oooh, somebody's bitter over
there. Well no, seriously, they're the big proponents of not having Street Dates in the
first place because they have a competitive advantage over everybody else. AlphaKananagram
says I have the boxed version, it's out. BlackWolf says it's only on sale at the Evil G. BlackWolf
said Sony told Evil G to break Street Date. Weird. Fuckers! It's not supposed to be out
for a couple weeks, but okay. Cool. That'll make for an interesting conversation. I'm
waiting two weeks, I'm not going to You-Know-Where just to get LittleBigPlanet. I'm excited
about LittleBigPlanet, but I'm not that excited. Too bad, Sony, because a great way to get
my attention would have been to do that before Mr. Pandaria's out. Because if you're gonna
try and get my attention after Mr. Pandaria's out, yeah, good luck. Who am I kidding, I'll
still get LittleBigPlanet. Alright, Loki, one more story and then we're gonna get to
the classic game of the week, which I am stealing tonight in Dark Soccer's absence. Alright,
so apparently the developers of the wonderful military game ARMA, Bohemian Interactive,
there's a few employees that have been arrested on spying charges. Apparently they were out
looking for, I guess, buildings and stuff that they can put in their game, so they're
taking photographs and stuff of military installations on the island of Lemnos, Greece. And of course
they were caught and they had the footage and stuff and apparently it's illegal, surprise,
legal to take video and photographs of military installations. So, yeah, that's not good.
And of course, you know, Bohemian Interactive, they've confirmed that yes, they were arrested
during their holiday trip and it says they visited the island with the sole purpose of
experiencing the island's beautiful surroundings and, yeah, that kinda sucks, but I mean, it's
against the law to take pictures of that stuff so maybe you shouldn't. That's crazy. Maybe
you know the Greek military would not like you putting their military installation in
your game. Just saying. Might not be a good thing. Might not be a good thing. Might not
be good. That's, wow, that's crazy. Alright. Can I tell a true story that's completely
random once? I went to Canada in 2006 with my good friend John at the time. He was my
roommate when we had the studio in the garage so I can't remember if he ever popped on OLR
or not because he played Final Fantasy and that's about it. But we went to Canada together
and he's a big picture taker, takes pictures of everything. He'll take pictures of food
at the dinner table, take pictures of signs, whatever. He'll take pictures of everything.
So we're in the little line waiting at the airport because the plane lands, you have
to go through customs first before you get to technically enter the country, right? He's
taking pictures in customs. Which, okay, he's being a dumb tourist, whatever. So we get
up to the front and the lady behind the thing is all, it's this one. And the security guard
comes up and is like, what kind of pictures are you taking? And he's like scared shitless.
And so he's like showing the guy on the camera the pictures he's taken and like the lady
behind the counter is like, why are you shaking? Why are you nervous? And we're like, fucking
Canada's hardcore. But you know, keep in mind this wasn't, it was only five years after
a major event that changed the way we travel in many ways. So he was just like, honestly,
he didn't know better, but like, yeah, they don't fuck around with picture taking and
stuff like that. Like even though he was just taking picture of like the Canadian and the
U S flags together and the signs and say nothing you or I would think is bad, but they don't
know that. And apparently there's some top secret shit in there. They don't want people
knowing how the system works or whatever. So the true origin of maple syrup, it's people,
it's people. All right, let's, let's go to a much simpler time when all you needed to
get to Canada was a birth certificate, not a passport. The segment we call the classic
game of the week. Every week, dark soccer likes to step into the gaming vault and find
a game that she says, Hey, you kids ought to be playing this game this week, but she's
not here. So we get to tap into my brain instead tonight. Sometimes Alan will do this. Sometimes
look, you'll do this tonight. I'm doing it. So tonight's classic game of the week is a
real old, old game. Tonight's classic game of the week is pitfall to the lost caverns.
That's right. Um, pitfall to the lost caverns was on a lot of systems back in the eighties.
It dates all the way back to the Atari 2,600. Actually it was the original releases on the
Atari 2,600 from 1984. I remember this game fondly from the Commodore 64 itself, but it
was on a lot of different systems. The 5,200, the Coleco vision, the MSX, the ZX spectrum,
the PC booter. I mean, it was, it was everywhere. Apple two, it was on a lot of different systems.
The reason why I picked pitfall two over pitfall one is that personally I have a lot more fond
memories playing this one. And I think this really lends itself to a lot of the games
that we have today. Pitfall two was about exploring the cavern. Whereas pitfall one
was really just kind of like a very linear, it was all remember pitfall one was just kind
of like you didn't, you, you could go down in the cave and skip screens, but it was very
limit linear. Pitfall two really fleshed out that feeling of like, I can go down here and
then I can backtrack and go back here and get the item I got here to go get the rat
over here. And it was one of the first games on the Atari 2600 to have background music.
A similar piece to the one you're hearing right now from the Commodore 64 version. Pitfall
two was similar to pitfall one, but obviously lost caverns had a lot of different features.
Pitfall Harry had unlimited time and lives. The original game was limited to, I think
20 minutes, 30 minutes. So you could never lose the game. You never could actually die.
Whenever you would get hit, you will just flash back and the sad little music plays
the little sadder music. And he goes back to the red cross and you lose points. So pitfall
two, if you really wanted to be the master, you had to get the best possible score that
would show that you never died. Pitfall two has 27 horizontal levels compared to pitfall
one's two. They're all about the same height, but sometimes there's balloons that will let
you go up to new areas. There are no snakes or crocodiles like there were in pitfall one,
but there are scorpions, there are bats, there's condors, electric eels in the water and frogs.
There was also not just pitfall Harry, but there was his little friends, the mountain
lion, which was quick claw, and there was Rhonda. And that was the object of the game.
You were trying to save Rhonda, quick claw, and I believe find a diamond ring was like
all that stuff. All those characters ended up appearing on the Saturday Supercade children's
cartoon that's based on pitfall. Rhonda and quick claw were actually created for that
before this game was released about a year sooner. The maximum possible score in the
game 199,000 points. That is different from the Atari eight bit and 52 version that I'll
get into in a minute. You can actually see quick claw, one of the goals of the game,
you see him right under you when you start the game. So that's kind of cool that like,
that's probably the last thing you'll collect as you're doing the game is that you kind
of end up where you started. It's kind of a neat little, you know, especially for game
design back in the day, it was kind of neat that you ended up where you started there.
Of course, the soundtrack as well that would change keys and stuff, depending on how well
you're doing, what you're hearing in the background right now is kind of like the heroic theme.
Whenever you collect a treasure, you'll hear a ding and it starts over. If you die, there's
a slower theme that plays. So this was a huge game on the Atari 2600. It was really pushing
the envelope. The hardware was six years old when this game came out, but pitfall two brought
scrolling, detailed animation, and of course the musical score. David Crane actually designed
and patented a display processor chip, which would enhance the 2600 graphics capabilities
and could process the music in three channels plus drums. They were hoping that this would
push the limits of the Atari 2600, but considering this came out in 84, what else happened around
that same time? The video game crashed. So this kind of came out when the party was already
over. Now there's another version of the game that's really cool. It's the Adventurers edition.
This is only available on the 5200 and the Atari 8-bit versions. They remade David Crane's
version and Tom Schoder had to remake the game from the ground up for the Commodore
version. Well, Mike Lorenzen, who did the Atari version, he reused David Crane's code
from the 2600 version. So it's shorted the debugging process. So what did he do? He made
a whole new level in the game, like almost like a second, like a Zelda second quest type
of thing. Well, they came out and said, they being the marketing, they said, no, the two
versions are not allowed to be different because you may think things are bad now where you
have the same game on Nintendo, Sony, and Microsoft. But back in the day, dude, it was
Apple, Commodore, Coleco, Atari, and television. Like you can go find ads from old gaming magazines
that would show you screenshots from 10 different versions of the game. Yeah, there were usually
anywhere between six to eight valid platforms, really small niche ones during that time.
Yeah, absolutely. So marketing said, no, you can't have different sections of the game.
So what happened? Well, Brad Fregger, who is the producer, they left it in and made
it an Easter egg. So they just kind of hit it away in the game, but you can get it. So
the new level will have a way more challenging stuff. There's new creatures, rabbit bats
that fly more erratically. They also will reverse direction. There's also frogs that
go all the way across the screen. Fire ants and piranha fish were fast creatures as well.
Yeah, all this stuff was new. And then you have to collect different items as well. You
would get a rope, a pot, a trumpet, and a snake charmer. And what happens is that you
get all the way to the last guy and it would scroll across the bottom of the screen. Charming
the golden rope is Pitfall Harry's only hope. So it brings the game full circle because
if you have the rope, the pot, the trumpet, the snake charmer, then the snake charmer
will play the trumpet and the little rope will raise from the pot and all four of you
escape the cave. So like you and Rhonda and quick law escape the cave. So it really brought
it full circle. So it's kind of funny that this was all a hidden thing that marketing
didn't really want to allow in the beginning. So yeah, very cool. Um, there is also, and
I'll leave it at this. There was an arcade version. Sega made an arcade version in 1985.
It was very different. It looked very cartoonish. It looked very Alex Kidd to me, but it had
definitely some elements that had some of the similar music. In fact, do we have, I
think I should have here ready? Yes. Here's the Sega version and you can hear it's a little
bit similar here. If we actually fast forward. So it's kind of like similar, but the game
design is very different. It's split up into four stages. There is a timer because it was
an arcade game. Um, and you know, there is kind of a definitive beginning and end that
doesn't have to do with collecting the same things you did. So it was kind of like they
took the name and the idea and made this completely different type of game out of it. But it's
worth checking out. That's of course the Sega version of pitfall to the lost caverns that
was out in the arcade. One other port ask of this or a highly inspired by this game,
super pitfall on the NES, not on the super NES on the NES was super pitfall because remember
it was a sequel to an Atari 2,600 game super pitfall on the NES. I bought it the week it
was released or well at that age I convinced my mom to buy it for me when I got straight
A's the week it was released because I was such a fan of pitfall to super pitfall is
absolute fucking garbage. It is one of the worst games they ever released on the NES.
It is buggy as shit. There's flickering. Go look at some of the long plays that are on
YouTube. People walking through walls and shit like waters, water caverns that just
suddenly end and you can fall down a waterfall to like a whole new level things like that.
Like it just doesn't fucking make sense. Like it's one of the, seriously, it is like somebody
pooed in a cartridge and put it out. It is one of the worst NES games they ever made.
And when you're that young or at least in my experience it takes, cause we're not obviously
we weren't as discriminating back then to realize, Oh no, I was, I played it and I was
like, this is fucking garbage. Even as like a 10 year old, I was like, what the shit?
No, like even the first time I played it was like, that doesn't even look like pitfall
Harry. Who's this blue munchkin with the mustache. Fuck this guy in the hard hat. It was terrible.
Breakman and chat backing me up. Sky is a million percent correct. Super pitfalls, one
of the worst games ever made. It is such garbage. I would love for some month on the show to
have Jamie change the segment and do the unclassic game of the week. And I'll tell you super
pitfalls, one of the worst games that ought to be featured. Anyhow, let's not focus on
the bad. Let's go back to the good. If you're going to play an Atari 2,600 game at some
point in your life, cause you know, maybe you weren't born yet when the Atari 2,600
was kind of a big deal. Go play pitfall two. It was a great game that really pushed the
envelope for the technology of the Atari 2,600. All right, let's move on and take a break.
We're going to take a break and when we come back, we have plenty more show to come, which
is great cause part A was two hours. So we're going to come back with some rapid fire news,
the frugal question of the week, as well as more news stories, including a really interesting
Microsoft patent we've got to talk about when we come back. Your emails, FUs of the week,
Twitter topics and more, when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after
this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio live with our 473rd episode for this September
the 16th of 2012. Kind of a long show so far, but lots of talk this week about the news
on Wii U and all that good stuff in part A. And then there was other stuff too. I don't
even think Loki has gotten to officially talk about earth defense sports, the new one yet.
Is that even on the show? Roll? How did that happen? I know it is a crime. All right. Also
not here tonight. Dark Sakura. She has the night off because of the holiday for her religion.
So happy Rosh Hashanah to those of you celebrating and Yom Kippur because I know that's coming
up as well. Again, for those joining us a little late live, just kind of a footnote.
There is no live OLR next week. We are going to tape in advance, however, so that way you
do still have a new show next week. Podcast listeners, you won't notice a thing different
except the fact that the show is taped a little bit early. So the news might be just a couple
days behind, but you should still have the same great show and Dark Sakura will be back
for that taping on Thursday. Let's see. Did I cover everything? I think so. I think we're
getting ready to get back to it with some rapid fire news. So Loki. All right. So we
talk about Kickstarter, you know, regularly, and there's a new Kickstarter for from a developer
that you might recognize, Obsidian, you know, famous for Knights of the Old Republic 2,
Neverwhere Nights, Fallout New Vegas, the new South Park game is going to be coming
out. Well, there's kickstarting a new project called Project Eternity for PC. It's a new
MMO, kind of like a fantasy world game, and their goal was to raise 1.1 million dollars,
and they pretty much have already hit their goal. Actually, they already have hit their
goal and they're going beyond that now to the stretch goals, but, you know, so if you
want to back them up and check out what they have to offer as far as, you know, what the
game's going to be about, cool. And I know I remember reading a tweet that Notch had,
you know, kicked him, I think, 10 grand or something, so that's kind of cool. Yeah. And
then of course if you're into some time waster stuff, there's a cool Flash game that was
created by a Russian programmer named, or calling himself DJ Smart, and it's a Pac-Man
game with a portal gun, Pac-Man portal, and you can check it out on his website, or actually
it's a website at IndieGames.com slash 2012 slash 09 slash freeware game, pick Pac-Man
port. I'm sure you can just search for portal Pac-Man, or Pac-Man portal in Google and find
it just as well. It's kind of neat, you can teleport around the map. And then last but
not least, brand new update is going to be coming to the Playstation 3 very soon, 4.25,
and that's going to be the update, of course, that's going to give the increased storage
space for Playstation Plus. I think it rolled out this week. Yeah. I think my Playstation
grabbed it. So it's one gig space instead of what it was previously, and of course save
game data is going to be increased as well. Nice. Alright, well the Wii U wasn't the only
console that had some news this week. Remember the Neo Geo? We've been following this a little
bit. I know this isn't the first time we've talked to this new Neo Geo coming out, but
there is going to be the Neo Geo X standalone system. It's going to be $130. This is different
from the $200 gold version that has a charging dock and joystick. If all you want is kind
of the bare bones, little portable Neo Geo X thing that I believe, if I remember right,
you can hook it up to a television through the system as well. Probably. Kind of like
some of those bootleg Nintendos that are coming more and more prevalent you see now. What
was that one you got me called? I can't remember the name of that thing now. The FC Mobile?
Is that it? Something like that? Anyhow, if you just want the little handheld device itself,
it will be $130. This is a Neo Geo that comes preloaded with 20 Neo Geo games. So, you could
spend that money on a Neo Geo X, 20 games, or almost have enough money for a Wii U tablet
in Japan. We're gonna buy a Dingu and it plays the same stuff. The Dingu ate my baby. Double
Dragon Neon. If you are listening live to Orange Lounge Radio, you heard a song or two
from the soundtrack during the break. If you are on the podcast, sadly, I can't replay
the songs due to rights issues during the break, but good news, you can get the soundtrack
for free. Check that out. It is available for free on the site Bandcamp, vert.bandcamp.com
slash album slash double dash dragon dash neon. That link is floating around the internet.
Here's the thing though, you can contribute however much you want. You can put a big fat
zero in that box if you want, but you know, if you have the money to chip in or you find
you do enjoy the soundtrack, maybe go back and, you know, give a couple bucks to this
guy who's basically making the soundtrack free. It's not just remakes of the old songs.
There's also like inspired music from the eighties. Like there was definitely a song
in that first stage that sounded like it was heart or some shit playing in the background.
It was great. It's great. So good job. Uh, that is Jake Kaufman who goes by vert, which
is why it's on vert.bandcamp.com and I definitely wanted to tip the hat to this at some point
tonight. I think this is a great cause and I know we have a variety of different people
that listen to OLR and I know for a fact that there's some people out there who are, um,
facing some disability in their gaming. Perhaps, you know, it's, it's that they are blind,
can't see at all, or I've heard of some folks that are, you know, unable to use, you know,
all of their limbs or, you know, some of the other things that people take for granted
sometimes. Well, the AbleGamers Foundation created a 48 page document that they want
to have be a how to guide for developers and publishers on how to create more accessible
games. In a quote from founder Mark Barlett, quote, we are gamers first. To us, that means
the core of the game should never be changed or altered in any way. Our mission has been
and always will be to include as many accessibility options for those who need them that are also
invisible to those who don't. And I love this. They actually put like a little screenshot
of Bejeweled 3 and they say, this is what Bejeweled 3 looks like to, you know, the,
the most gamer, gamers that don't face a visual disability. But then they show, this is what
it looks like to somebody who can only see in black and white. This is what is some,
this is what it looks like to somebody who has red color blind or blue color blind or
whatever it is, green color blind. It shows kind of the different ways the screens look.
And I think that's a great way to get somebody to, you know, think about their game. And
I love this. In the PDF document, they actually show like a list. They actually show like
a checklist of, you know, keep this checklist handy. This is what your game should have.
And it's things like remappable buttons. I, I don't even really face a disability. I'm
very thankful that, you know, I'm fortunate and lucky that, you know, I don't have these
same challenges that other people do in their lives. But even I can appreciate a game with
remappable buttons. Cause damn, sometimes you look at the default controls and you're
like, why is the game this way? Or sometimes you have a joystick that, you know, a controller
or whatever, that a button wears out on it. Like my wired controller, for some reason
these Microsoft controllers, the wired ones, uh, the L3 button breaks a lot. So it'd be
cool to remap that. And AbleGamers believes everybody should be able, every game should
have remappable buttons, which just makes sense. And then it's other things like sometimes,
you know, like think about the Vita. When the Vita first came out, if you're blind,
you can't use a touch screen the same way, you know, somebody that can see can. So why
on earth would you not make it so that, or why on earth would you make it so you can't
use the controller to choose? Well, thankfully the Vita patched that in in their last patch,
but it was because of response like this, undoubtedly. So anyway, I know I spent a little
time on that, but I thought, uh, that was a great, great document that they put out
that I do think every game developer company out there ought to have a little printed copy
of it somewhere for reference. I think it would be a good thing. Alan, are you going
to go with your rapid fire stories? Uh, yes. Just get the thing when it beeps. Yep. I will.
You got it. Um, Terraria game sold 1.6 million on PC. Most of that probably through steam
is coming to XBLA and a PlayStation network in early 2013. And I have Terraria. I've only
really tinkered with it for maybe 10 or 15 minutes, but I know that it's, I don't want
to say that it's a 2d Minecraft, but it's, it's an adventure game with a lot of building
and exploration. You dig into tunnels and you find monsters and it's just a really huge
indie hit from the last, I think two years. You have Terraria, right? Didn't you, didn't
you have a bunch of people trying to do it? I do. I bought it for like three other people
too. I doubt, I bet none of them are playing it. Yeah. So Terraria, if you're a Terraria
fan, it's the graphics are very cutesy super nest, 16 bit pixely cute, cute look. Uh, Bobby
Blackwolf in our chat room says the Terraria hardcore are pissed about this news. Oh, this
is right up there with the Bayonetta 2 being on the Wii U. Someone's cool kids club is
having its pretension barriers lifted. We have a saying and it's deal with it and then
shades will fall from the sky and fall right on your nose. Yeah. Sorry that I'm not a part
of the cult of Terraria, but it's, you know, what was it you said earlier? Go pee your
bed. Yeah. Go, go pee your bed. Um, what else do I have? Uh, a shifty look. I'm not sure
who that is. Uh, there's a Katamari web comic coming out by them and the art direction looks
great. It looks very weird and silly like, like Katamari does. And, uh, September, oh,
this is already out or no tomorrow actually. Um, the new Katamari web comic will debut
on shifty look.com on September 17th, 2012. So that's tomorrow. It's a free to read series
based on the popular junk rolling package flashing Namco Bandai gaming franchise. It
will be updated twice a week. So yeah, if you're into Katamari, there's going to be
an official, um, it looks like this is a, Namco doesn't have a problem with it, a web
comic for you to read and enjoy. And there's a, um, I can paste the link into chat and
you can see what the art is going to look like. Um, my last quick fire news story is,
uh, people are wondering, especially with Capcom, I guess the story we covered last
week about Mega Man had too many competing franchises that were stealing sales from each
other. So not one single franchise was selling well. And it's like, okay, well who's fucking
fault was that Capcom? And there's a rumor that a new Mega Man game may be on the 25th
anniversary. Um, Capcom says, don't get your hopes up. Uh, I know Rob was theorizing that
they're going to just reboot Mega Man altogether. They're going to reboot it with a new creative
person watch, watch. So yeah, the 25th anniversary is looming and people are like saying Capcom's
gonna do something, but Capcom used to be that cool. They're not that cool anymore.
If they were going to release it, they were gonna, they would have announced it by now.
Let me go back to your Terraria story for a minute here. Cause Black Wolf gives a further
insight. I did not frequent the fan community, so I did not see why they were so mad, but
Black Wolf says there may be some justification for the bedwetting and he says the short version,
the devs stopped supporting the PC version, said they weren't making any more updates.
Then they announced a console version with new features. That stank. Okay. That is a
little stank. So that's, that's them pooping the bed, not you peeing it. Who pooped the
bed. Terraria developers did. All right, let's move on with the Fugal question of the week.
Every week we ask you guys a question on our fan communities on Facebook as well as Google
plus. If you want to find us on Google plus, well, there's no short links on Google plus.
So just search for orange lounge radio. We'll come right up. If you want to find us on Facebook,
Facebook, excuse me, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio. This week's Fugal question of
the week. It's all about the Wii U because we haven't talked enough about it during the
show. Did the Nintendo Wii U conference this week change your mind on if you wanted a Wii
U or not at this point, are you planning on buying a Wii U between November 18th and the
end of the year? Retertainment says on Google plus, I want to buy a Wii U, but it probably
won't happen until after the end of the year. He has other priorities. Act Def says one
still not sold completely on the system. So I'll wait at least a year to get one and see
what games will be released and see if the system is definitely worth a purchase or not.
That's what I'm currently doing with the 3DS. Flaco Jones replied on Google plus and says
it convinced me that they're going to have more games on the system than just the Nintendo
staples. I could see myself buying one a year from now. If they start getting the multi-platform
games at the same time and if the price goes down or built-in memory goes way up, they
also need to bundle in a remote plus. There are just too many hidden costs for me to afford
one at launch. That was an interesting response because he says it convinced me that they're
going to have this new stuff, but I'll consider it a year from now, which to be fair, there's
a lot of people that are in that boat. I don't exactly blame him with that one. Let's go
over to Facebook and check out some of the answers over there. There were a lot of answers
on Facebook. I'm not going to be able to get through all these, so I apologize in advance.
If you want to see all the answers, go to facebook.com slash orange lounge radio and
I'm going to have to shorten a lot of these to even get through some of them. Don't hear
me wrong though. We love the fact that so many people are responding. Llama Juice says
I went to a Nintendo event about a week ago where they let a small group of people in
and play the Wii U stuff. Oh yeah, we had somebody call in on that a little while ago.
After an hour and a half with the system, I came to the conclusion it's not a system
I want, but a system I'd want to play at a friend's house. Critical Myth from our Monday,
Wednesday, Friday show at Voicy Geeks Network replied and said the Wii was fun for a couple
weeks until it became apparent that the controls were too much trouble compared to the PS3
or 360. The Wii U takes that to the next level and doesn't have compelling excuses. We're
going to pass. Dark Charger says as an owner of all current consoles and handhelds, I will
eventually pick up a Wii U, but I see no reason to pick one up at launch. Few games in the
launch window interest me, and history tells us that some of those will invariably get
delayed. I have no doubt there will be an exclusive that will compel a purchase sometime
next year. Probably Bayonetta 2. Kevin S. replied and said I'd rather purchase an Ouya.
Nintendo ruined it for me. $100 is feasible. Kind of wish the answer was longer there.
I want to know more about the reasoning behind that answer because, you know, $100 is feasible
for a new system. I don't, like, you know, I'm not dismissing the answer. I'm just saying
I'm like, oh, I wish he'd written more because I want to know more about like, why does the
Ouya stand out? Is it just the price? Anyhow, Stan replied and said, I'm sold. First Pikmin
3 was announced and I'm sure a new Mario Kart and Smash Brothers will come out and Bayonetta
2 on top of that. As Fry would say, shut up and take my money. Uh, Tiara said, I'm still
not interested, especially for the price point. If there's a drastic price cut like there
was with the 3DS, I may invest at a later point, but right now it's not worth the money.
Uh, Joe Vidaia says, with what I spent on the Wii and all the games that I own and don't
play on that system, my answer is no. While I love to Bayonetta, I can't see the second
one doing so well on Wii U that it stays an exclusive past the launch date. I do want
to clarify though, even though a lot of people are theorizing that Nintendo is publishing
it, it will not be on any other system. Not gonna happen. Uh, so far that's the only game
mention that I care about. Um, Kareem J. replied and said, short answer, no. Storage is so
cheap now, I don't know why Nintendo didn't opt for a 16 gig version instead of a 32 gig
version. No one starts at 8 anymore. Even Apple moved away from that storage capacity.
250 pounds for an 8 gig device, excuse me, 250 euros for an 8 gig device. Give me a break.
Uh, Acidic Vampire says, no, not enough Imagine Babies games. Just wait. Imagine Babies will
happen. Give it time, man. Give it time. Give it time. Um, Gamer Girl says, I'm not sure
if I want one just yet. Might wait a while before deciding. Uh, besides if I get one
now, I'll just regret it later. I kind of want to wait for the price to drop and more
games added to the library. Kind of learned my lesson to the Wii. Don't get me wrong,
but it's lacking in titles. James S. replied and said, hi guys, I'm new to OLR. Thanks
to Stitcher. Well, thank you. And thank you Stitcher where you can hear us by the way
on Stitcher Radio, which is in some ways kind of like where podcasting is going right now
is apps like Stitcher and TuneIn and all that, especially with podcasting becoming its own
app. But that's a discussion for another day. Welcome to the show. And here's the answer.
The inclusion of Platinum Games announcement that Bayonetta 2 will be a Wii U exclusive
intrigues me. And I have no doubt that there will be many more surprises from Nintendo
to come, but I just don't believe quite yet that these justify a purchase. We just need
that extra oomph from Nintendo, a AAA in-house exclusive for launch day. Sigh. That rumored
Zelda A Link to the Past remake and or sequel would have been enough to warrant a purchase
for me. But as of right now, I'll hold off just for a little while longer. Love the show.
Keep it up. He wants to throw in a plug. Why not? Plug plug search James Anthony on Amazon
Kindle for my 99 cent highly rated horror comedy books. Fine. I will give a listener
a shout out. Back to the answer though. It's it's actually a real similar answer to where
I'm at. To be honest, it's almost exactly what I said earlier, right? Bayonetta 2 fucking
great. Not enough. So there you go. Those are the answers on Facebook.com slash orange
launch radio. I am sorry I didn't get a chance to read them all. There was just like 20 of
them and that's a lot. So go read them. Facebook.com slash orange launch radio and then answer
next week's when it comes up. Tiger Claws says he made a quick link for the orange launch
radio Google plus page. I didn't even know that was a thing you could do. G plus dot
two slash orange launch radio. Well, thank you. It's much, much easier for me to give
out than say, go to Google and search for it. Fantastic. All right. That's it for the
frugal question of the week. And just to clarify, if there was any question here in studio,
are you buying a Wii U? Did the conference change your mind? Loki, not buying a Wii U
did not change anything. Uh, Alan, sorry. I know you're mid bite there on that delicious
quesadilla, but your thoughts, man, like I said earlier, I don't care enough. Me. I am
still on the fence. I really am. It is going to come down to how much extra money do I
have burning a hole in my pocket around that time. I'm thinking probably not right away.
I just think I'm trying to save for other life priorities right now. I just don't know,
but I could still be convinced Nintendo tell me that it has zero games coming in 2013 and
I'll be like, be mania two DX volumes one through 15. Yeah. Right. Don't get my hopes
up. All right. Be mania two DX was a great game. It's too bad that it's kind of a shadow
of what it used to be. But anyway, that's for another day. Hey, Loki, why don't we get
it back into some news? All right. So let's talk a little bit about, um, some wonderful
new hopefully soon tech from Microsoft. They patented a new immersive display experience.
Basically, the way it works is it in conjunction with like connect, it would project a display
on your walls, kind of like a projector would. Um, I've actually saw some, um, they have
a video, um, that they showed off. I think it was a couple of years ago or whatever similar
type of thing. It was during one of their campus tours, um, kind of talking a little
bit about home automation stuff. And the way it works is they in conjunction with the camera,
it will detect, you know, different movements you're doing, but it also kind of adjust for
your room. Like, for example, they were talking about game applications that it would correct
the perspective of the scene based on the objects you have in your room. So if there's
like a chair or something like that, it'll know that the chair is there and it'll adjust
the perspective of whatever objects being, uh, mapped onto it so that it looks like one
seamless thing, which is pretty awesome. And, um, you know, some other applications they
showed in that, uh, kind of the campus tour that they did, uh, in May 2011, it was kind
of like a more windows based, more just kind of like computing. One example was a kid's
room or something. They had, you know, a completely interactive display on their walls based.
It was all projector and it had like, you know, tweets and social networking stuff was
popping up on the wall and, you know, they could, you know, make a gesture or whatever
and pull up music and, you know, just the interface was really huge and kind of cool.
Very immersive, I guess. You know, there's a part of me that wants to say this is full
of shit. This is the same thing we heard about the revolution in 2006. Remember when the
Wii was going to be called the revolution, LOL? And, um, we talked about it was going
to be fucking holograms in your room. That was one. Go back and listen to the shows from
2006. That was one of the rumors about the Nintendo Wii was that it was going to do holograms
and all this shit. So here we kind of go again, I feel like in a way, but the way you describe
it, it doesn't sound far off from where Microsoft's going. There's a lot with it that I can dig.
And if you think about it, we've kind of had that technology before where you can have
like a thing that projects images on kids' walls and stuff. Like that's how you have
like the dancing circus animals and stuff. Like it's a very, very basic, well, even,
even if you're cutouts, right? And a little bit more practical than that, you know, they
have the projectable keyboards and stuff that you can get for PDAs and stuff like that where,
you know, it projects an image down on the ground and, you know, you type on it like
you would a keyboard and it will interact with, you know, what you're doing. And that's
what they kind of show too with like different surfaces and stuff. And definitely worth checking
out the video for it. I mean, it's seriously, uh, it's seriously cool looking. They had
it on MS, uh, was it, uh, I think it was an MSN or something, but it's like a seven minute
long video. If you skip like five minutes into it and it shows, I hadn't seen this before.
Oh, dammit. It wants me to put on Silverlight. Can I do this other one? This is only like
a minute. Uh, that will still work. It's showing some of the stuff, but it's not the, not the
interactive one I was telling you about, but see, it gives you the idea. See how the room
is whole integrated into it. Uh, that looks like the interventions building at Disney
land, the type of stuff that's in there. That makes sense. I mean, it's one of those things
where it's like, okay, it's not going to be like the holodeck from Star Trek. It doesn't
look that good. It looks like projections on a wall, but it's kind of, kind of rad in
a real sci-fi kind of way. You know? Yeah. I mean, I mean, if imagine if you will, like,
you know, your apartment here, you just have this thing that's in the middle of the room
and you're interacting with, you know, the entire room as like, as you're basically your
display. I mean, you could pop in, you know, okay, I want to play Minecraft on this wall
and I want my tweets on this wall and I want, I'm going to put, you know, windows media
player on this wall or this little section right here. Or I want, I want this, I'm gonna
make a fake poster that's going to be right here and this is going to update with my friend's
pictures on Facebook or something like that. You could do all that. So that'd be kind of
cool. Xbox fill my walls with boobies. Yes, I can. That is one of the things that I am.
Loki could walk into a spare bedroom that could be his wall of boobies, his booby palace
and just projections of boobies all over the wall or bouncing in slow motion. That'd be
awesome. No, but even Nellie would be kind of like that or, or you could do like the
whole matrix thing, girl, Xbox guns. I'm going to need more guns, but that could be in a
game. It would be awesome. That would be awesome. It would be very sweet. Mm two K in our chat
room at live.vognetwork.com. Bringing up a good point though, before we get too carried
away. Cool looking, but is it cool playing? I think it'd be cool. I mean, cause you can
use it with pretty much anything. You would, it, it's just a display. To be fair, the connect
looked really cool at first, but there's like two types of games for it. Well, yes, the
tech right now for the connect is terrible. I'm gonna say right now it's terrible, but
and even the PC version slightly better, but it right now it's terrible. But next iteration
of it may be better. It's just like, you know, the place, the itoy camera, the itoy was crap
and the PlayStation eye is less crappy, but it's still not quite there. But the technology
is growing so fast that this is going to be possible probably. Well, how they're already,
it's possible now cause they're showing. What I want to know is how the fuck is everything
projecting on things. Cause projectors aren't cheap. So I want to know what kind of hardware
I got to have. I got to mount a fucking thing to my roof or something. I mean, how's this
going to work? Don't get me wrong. I'm going to mount a fucking thing on my roof if I can
do that shit. You know, the technology will always be glitchy. Like if you tried to do
that thing where you're like Xbox guns, well, it'll probably think you said Xbox nuns and
there'll be people praying all over your walls for your soul. It wasn't even that it was
still motion censored and stuff, but I don't think the voice commands are going to be necessary.
You know, if they've got a, you better connect because I think a lot of the voice commands
now are because connect doesn't really read you very well. It doesn't really listen to
you very well either, but yeah, I don't know. It'll work. All right, well meanwhile, while
Microsoft is working on, you know, projecting boobies on your wall, uh, we have the 3DS
that is working on getting Game Boy advanced games possibly in the eShop. This is all a
rumor right now. However, I mean Game Boy advanced games on the 3DS are nothing new.
There was the ambassador program and we did have some games that came out on that. If
you were a 3DS early adopter, you got some pretty fucking good Game Boy advanced games,
all things considered. Like there was the Metroid, um, not zero mission, but the other
one, Metroid fusion. There was, uh, the super Mario brothers, uh, super Mario world to Yoshi's
adventure remake, which I think was advanced for, I can't, I've lost count. Um, but yeah,
you had a lot of those games, fire emblem. There was a lot of good stuff that was a part
of the ambassador program. Well, um, apparently Nintendo Australia's eShop software page was
recently updated and it added a Game Boy advanced category to the virtual console spread. The
only title that was listed there was Dr. Mario. Yes. In the classic NES version. That's kind
of weird though, because like, why would they put that there instead of just a regular NES
game? Could it have been the Game Boy advanced version of the Nintendo game, which seems
really redundant? I don't know, but there it is. Um, it's possible that, uh, Nintendo
Australia may have, uh, spilled the beans on that. I mean, it makes sense. Although
didn't they say at one point, these games will never come out for sale. And I think
we all sat here going, yeah, sure. Yeah, right. They will come out for sale at some point,
but it's not like there aren't a lot of advanced games that are worth coming out on virtual
console again. I mean, the Game Boy advances is aging pretty quick here. We're at 10 years
ago at this point. So I remember when I bought my advance, I was, I was still back in the
days when I was first getting into DDR. So, uh, systems kind of old, there's still a lot
of great games that I think would sell for 3DS. So that's that. Just a few more news
stories for you guys before we get to the mailbag and soon the Skype line at 1 877 game
O L R or our username on Skype. If you want to add us orange lounge radio, all one word,
but first Alan, he's given me all the valve stories today. I know you're a fan. Yes. Black
Mesa, McPixel and others, uh, are the first to pass through their green light as steam's
green light program. It's basically a indie developers pay a one time fee to kind of keep
the amount of crap submissions down. That was a story we covered last week to have their
game be say, Hey, we want to distribute this on steam please. Cause it's pretty much the
best digital platform for buying games in existence right now. So vote for our game
and the 10 titles that have passed the gauntlet and gotten the amount of votes that they needed
was Black Mesa Source, Cry of Fear, Dream, Heroes and Generals, Kenshi, McPixel, No More
Room in Hell, Project Zomboid, Routine, and finally a game called Towns. These games will
be released independently in the months ahead as they are in varying stages of completion.
A valid spokesman has said, um, I actually checked for Ospher in chat. Black Mesa Source
is not yet on steam green light because a big reason for that could be because the last
stage of it, like the last 10% of the game Zen isn't in it yet. And this is pure speculation
on my part, but it could be that because the game, obviously the game is being downloaded
everywhere on their actual website. Um, it could be that valve could be like, you've
already said that this game isn't completely done. So however long that takes. But, um,
yeah, some of these games should start appearing and be, be searchable through the steam store.
These are the first 10 to make it. Fantastic. Well, congrats to those games. Now we need
to convince Aaron to put bungee ferret tossing as a part of this project green light thing
so we can get bungee ferret tossing on steam. It's too bad that the Xbox indie games don't
support connect. It is too bad, isn't it? Cause we could actually toss, could have been
an Easter egg in the game, except I don't think, I don't think Aaron wants to put porn
in his game. So sadly, uh, but we'll take what we can get. Uh, also I wanted to say,
I just wanted to put a shout out out there. Um, we already talked about how bungee ferret
tossing is coming out on Monday. Apparently you can get the soundtrack is out now for
six bucks on Amazon. Just search for it. Bungee ferret tossing. I can't believe that some
silly idea here on orange lounge radio is now turning into a media empire, but there
is an official soundtrack for six bucks. It looks like Dan period is the guy that wrote
do do we want to play like a little snippet of some of the music from a bungee ferret
tossing here? Here's a song called jungle war. That sounds like a good title. That sounds
like a bungee tail or excuse me, a ferret tail whipping really quick. Say who's dogs
barking. That's good though. That's very, very professional. Love it. Like the eighties
power guitar in there. So you can check that out on amazon.com right now. Thank you for
giving me an excuse to somehow inadvertently plug bungee ferret tossing again. But yes,
project green light. Congrats to those developers. Yes. Oh, um, weird. Excuse me. Um, steams.
What's it called? The thing that you can picture big picture. Yeah. I clicked on that and it
made my monitor like not spaz out or anything, but it made my system run really slow. And
then it's like, oh, you're supposed to hook this up to your TV. That's for people that
like Dan and Jamie have their computer on their TVs. They can watch youtubes and stuff.
Yeah. But my TV already has an HDMI on it. So why wouldn't I just run an HDMI from my
PC to the TV? That's what they want you to do. That's what they want you to do. But it's,
it makes it so that you're not like windows cause it looks different on a TV. It's like
all full screen basically. Like it looks more like a console, I guess is the trick. Got
it. Whatever. It's optional, right? Yeah. So steams just releasing either. They're just
going crazy cause they've got the workshop for mods. That was the first thing that was
a couple months ago for Skyrim. Green light and now big picture. It's only a play. I still
need to play Skyrim on PC. Have yes, you do have portal two on PC. They still need to
play with. Yes, you do. I got Dawn guard like two weeks ago or basically yeah, about two
weeks ago and I haven't really played any of the new content yet. It just got me to
load up Skyrim after taking a couple months. I love my Xbox three 60 copy to my sister
because she wanted to play it and she's, she's a fan of glitchy games. I mean she played
driver three forever. So yeah, Skyrim's really glitchy. All right, let's move on. Um, so
yet another streaming service for video games and yet another streaming service for video
games with a really fucking weird name. I mean seriously, what is it with these? I mean,
okay, on life, not so bad, but like guy, Kai and shit like that. Uh, a golly. I mean, what
the fuck is a golly? All the good donate. Domain names are talking at this point. I'm
going to give you, this is free right here. Free for whoever, you know, here's it. First
of the size of name their company. This you want to get in the people's faces. You name
your company or my good.
That's name recognition streaming. Exactly. Um, so I golly, uh, apparently they've announced
a partnership with Microsoft and they're going to bring a cloud streaming games to windows
eight. And of course it's gonna tie in with Microsoft's windows as your cloud platform.
Um, they promised popular AAA games will be playable within the coming months and they
didn't really say how it's going to work with a tablet, but I guess virtual D pads or some
garbage. Yay. Ermahgerd, VIRG, VIRG network. All right. It doesn't have the same ring to
it. Uh, let's do one more story here before we get to the mailbag and see what people
are emailing us and Ermahgerding about tonight. Um, Ikaruga creator is making a new game.
Yay. Cause who doesn't love Ikaruga unless you like hate shooters. I don't know what
to tell you in that case. Um, Hiroshi Yuichi is going to release a new shooter called Kokuga.
It's for the three D S and the trailer is now out. So if you are an Ikaruga fan might
be time to get a three D S cause this is what awaits you there. It looks, um, a lot more
of the, um, polygon as kind of three D graphics going into this kind of getting some Raiden
vibes. Yeah. A little bit, a little bit there. Bullet hell. Pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew.
I bet that will make you barf in three D should be fun. Little, uh, it looks like little chips
at the bottom there. Remaining cards. Oh yeah. Like little, it looks like little play cards
on the bottom screen that you can throw into the game and then you have a remaining card
counter. That's kind of a neat little mechanic. It's like making, mixing poker and Ikaruga.
Very cool. Ikaruga. Ikaruga. All right, let's go to the mailbag mailbag at orange lounge
radio.com. Sorry, I have to say this. Uh, mm two K says in chat or McGird is patent
to just like gamer. Oh my God. Somebody needs to trademark or McGird and then Sue the entirety
of the internet for infringing on that trademark. Amazing idea. Mm two K should do that right
now. All right, moving on. Uh, mailbag mailbag at orange launch radio.com dark soccer will
dive into the mailbag every week and find some emails to read for you all. But since
she's not here, Alan has stolen her hazmat suit so that he can walk in the mailbag and
find some email for you. I'm reading this first email and it, it looks, it sounds like
it's talking about a cheat in mass effect three multiplayer. Should I read this? It
tells you how to cheat. Um, you can leave that part out if you want. Okay. First off,
I want to, okay, this email, sorry, is from mm two K. First off, I want to apologize if
this is the second email you got for me. I originally went to the OLR site to send, but
the character limitations made it seem like a line of, uh, like a bunch of babble. Here's
my question for Rob and dark Sakura. Uh, multiplayer is a rather tough on the game and I had problems
surviving past bronze difficulty. And, um, this is me now, uh, inserting this, this is
talking about mass effect. Then some cool people showed me the, uh, striker assault
rifle cheat. This allows you to convert this weapons, ammo to Cobra missiles resulting
in one hit kills with each shot. That's cheating. Not to piss off fellow gamers. I make sure
that I only use this cheat when it's past way for when other players are in trouble
and I'm the only one left in a wave or all players are at the character level cap of
20 therefore meaning I'm not robbing any one of experience points. However, in about half
of the games I played recently, people are getting pissed, kicking me off, kicking me
off the team after the game and getting rabies and getting all rabies like over the mic.
Most of the complaints are, fuck you jerk. How, how did you do that? Oh my God, why did
you do that? I see their shrieks as mindless chest pounding over game ranking, which again
means jack shed. If you're all at the level cap, if we win, we all get the same amount
of cash. To me, we should be happy. I'm assisting them to win. To me, they should be happy.
I'm assisting them to win. I also play the harder levels as a Turian soldier without
the cheat. And I tell you 80 85% of the people who play these levels have no idea what WTF
they're doing anyway. Winning isn't everything, but if it's the difference between us wasting
power ups to die at wave three and only get 20,000 credits or completing the playthrough
and getting 75 to 240,000 credits, God, that must be how much you get for a platinum. That's
crazy. I would be glad that someone was a board that could help when we were all about
to die as I was when I met the perfect person who showed me the glitch. Thoughts? Am I thinking
like the gaming jackass that many are claiming or do I have a fair point? PS, you and Bobby
show is the freaking best. I think you should take over G four, turn it into a 24 hour radio
show network and make Blair herder, AKA Ross from friends. That's David Schwimmer. So I
don't get that reference. I think that was a character. Oh, I don't know. And bring you
smoothies and cheese. It's all day. That reference is lost on me, but thank you. Nonetheless,
let's get back to the question at hand about the whole Mass Effect three cheat. Here's
the problem. You may think you're trying to do a good thing by helping these people out
of trouble, but the problem with what you're doing and, you know, you're in your mind,
you think you're doing a good thing and it's like, oh, hey, I'm saving you from, you know,
death and losing all these credits. You have to remember you're making a big assumption
here that all these people that you're playing with are only in it for the credits. Some
people are in it for the challenge. Some people are very anti cheating. And I tend to notice
that type of mentality usually comes when you're very passionate about a series like
Mass Effect fans tend to be. Some people feel like, I don't want you to cheat because I
don't want to be associated with you so that if BioWare catches you and you get banned,
I get banned too. I don't want to be around that shit. So that's, that's the problem with
what you're doing is that you're bringing other people into it who didn't consent to
do that. Yeah. And that, and also there is a money element to this because if you have
it, because I have my two or three favorite classes that I try to keep at level 20 when
I want to try and do silvers and golds. The reason why I play silvers and golds at level
20 is because I want credits so I can buy the upgrade packs to unlock the new characters
and the weapon upgrades and blah, blah, blah. I could also spend five bucks on BioWare's
website and get a pack of like 300 BioWare points and then manually buy those with cash.
Don't know why you do that, but I'm sure there are tons of people that have spent hundreds
of dollars when you're helping people farm credits in that way. Like if you were to do
that in Firebase, why with the Geth and I'm getting way too technical in the game, you're
kind of screen over the people that are paying money. Does that make sense for those packs?
So you may be well intentioned, but not everybody really understands that. So here's my advice
to you. If that's the way you want to play and keep in mind, you're taking a risk. If
BioWare catches you exploiting too many credits that way, you don't know what's going to happen.
So use caution. That's all I'm going to say. Do it with a consenting audience. Only do
that stuff with your friends, with the people that you know online. You mentioned in your
email that somebody showed you how to do that. Well, that would have been a great person
that you may, you know, this is probably one of those things in retrospect, but maybe that
would have been a great person to add to your friends list so you can play the game with
them that way later on. I mean, that's what meeting strangers online is all about. Finding
the ones that you want to play with again. In a way, I can't believe I'm going to say
take inspiration in your gaming from Loki, but Loki's on the right track when he talks
about his Grand Theft Auto 4 matches that they cheat like hell in those matches, but
it's all internal. It's all people that know each other. It's all, you know, when Loki,
correct me if I'm wrong, when you go on Xbox live and play against strangers, you don't
cheat. You play it straight up. No, we don't. Well, we don't play those mods anymore anyways,
but yeah, when we were playing those mods, we only played against each other cause we
all have the same mods and it was all modding new weapons that were all balanced. It wasn't
so that we could, you know, cheat other people. It was just, look at all these crazy fucking
weapons that we have and we're going to shoot each other with them.
All right. And so, so I guess the moral of the story, and I'll end with this long story
short too late, make it like monopoly. Set the house rules in advance. Is there going
to be a jackpot when you land on free parking, you know, to set all those house rules. Do
people really go to jail if they roll three doubles in a row, set the house rules in advance.
And if you're going to play with strangers, then the house rules have already been set.
There are no house rules. You have to play by Bioware.
You just say, Hey, Hey, uh, can I, can I rocket glitch this bros? Hey, can I rock a glitch?
And if they're like, no fuck off, then maybe that's not the round for you.
MM2K is actually in our chat tonight and wanted to give a follow up to the email. By the way,
the person that showed me got banned. So I stopped the day after I sent that email. Sorry
for the babble. So like we meant before I knew that we kind of warned you, if you get
caught, you'll be the one that gets banned. And the people don't want to be associated
with you. You know what, despite the fact that that's already resolved situation, I
thought it was a good thing to talk about. So no worries. I'm sure there's plenty of
other games and communities where something like this goes on. All right.
All right. And next email is from Catastrophic Moggy. Not sure I've heard this reader before
or listener. Uh, O R no doubt. You've already got the classic game of the week covered,
but if you don't mind, I'd like to add my own given that this game will likely be unheard
of. And then he's got a, they've got a gameplay link. I will bring that up here while you
start to read it on YouTube school days for the ZX spectrum or ZX spectrum. If you're
in the UK, uh, you play as a school boy named Eric though you could change the name if you
wanted to. And your goal is to get the combination to the safe that holds your permanent record.
To get the combination, you have to grab or shoot these little shields scattered around
the school with your catapult. It's not as easy as it sounds. Some you can't reach without
knocking over your classmates to get a, to get a boost so you can jump higher or deflect
shots off of a teacher's head. I'm wondering if catapult is a British is British for us
slingshot. That guy just shot a teacher in the back of the head with a slingshot. Okay.
Oh my God. That's so would. Okay. Think about this bite. And I don't know if that's where
the email is about to going, but like think about trying to put out a game like that in
today's world. Not going to happen. You had to do this without being caught too often
or missing too many lessons or you'd be given lines, uh, get too many and you may be excluded.
I imagine that's expelled. You're also, uh, you've also got the other kids to deal with,
particularly the bully who is trying to get you into trouble and the SWAT S W O T who
runs to the teachers whenever he sees you do anything wrong, like a narc or a snitch,
I guess for anyone interested in the game. There was a fan made remake release called
class of 99 class K with improved graphics and sound. I have no idea if it works on Vista
or wind seven though, and then only to that P S I'm pissed at the moment because predictably
persona for arena has been delayed in Europe to God knows when so much for it coming out
in all territories and quick succession. My F you of the week is region locking. Oh God.
And that's the PSI cause I was just about to say, Oh, we'll just get the import. The
U S one, the PS three is regional region free. Oops. That was the game that they region locked
and there was all the controversy around that. Sorry for the background noise. I'm still,
I've got this school days movie still running there in the background. Interesting. Yeah.
You wouldn't see that today. That's for sure. I'm sorry to hear about the persona for delay
though. Sucks.
Hold on. I think that was it. Did you get it? No, there's, there's one more email. It's
last week's episode was weird because a lot of the content that was discussed, I don't
want to get into it. This email kind of addresses that. Let me look at it real quick. I mean,
I think we need to read. What's wrong with this. This is funny. Okay. And are we looking
at the same one? The one from Ospher? Yeah. Okay. This is fine. Okay. Dear Dr. Kerr, I
think it's in your best interest to not take Rob's advice. Diving headfirst into the mailbag
is a horrible idea as you never know how deep or shallow in, uh, in emails it will be. I
would recommend stepping in slowly to test the depth. Bring Daris along with you for
sure as he can calibrate the mailbag afterwards. You read way too much. What was the controversy
you saw in that email? I didn't see your name. I saw Dan's. I said, Oh, you shouldn't take
advice. That's, that's a cute little pun on the, when I always say dark soccer dives into
the mailbag head first way to make a funny joke. Awkward. I know. Womp, womp. This is
why you don't get invited to parties, Alan. Yeah. And he asked for, was like, Ooh, who's
going to read my email? And I'm like, it's going to be me. And then I just pissed all
over it. So Austin, I'm very sorry. This is, this is for Alan reading emails. That's fine.
Why would I read your name as dance? Why? Yeah. Why? That's what I want to know. Why
did you mean Rob and Dan don't even have same letters in common. You know what you saw?
You saw Garris is Dan cause Jamie always talks about how Garris kind of reminds her of Dan,
which is like kind of cute in a really weird way. We need to get her that moe, that moe
cuddle pillow for her of Garris. And then Dan will be like that. I don't want that in
my house. That's it for mailbag. Good job reading the mailbag tonight. Well, if you
do a really bad job at something, then people will ask you to not do it anymore. So is that
a hint? Is that a hint? All right. That's it for the mailbag mailbag at orange launch
radio.com. Just a couple more news stories for you guys. Before we get to the Skype line
at one eight seven seven game OLR, we'll get some Twitter topics in there as well. But
first, a couple quick stories. Loki. I thought first we had the FUs of the week. Oh shit.
You're right. FU to me for getting the FUs of the week. Well, you know what? Alan threw
off my wrist.
Uh, so I guess FU to FedEx for not just losing one pallet of games, but two different pallets
of the same game. I'm sure we'll get a lot of disappointed Borderlands 2 fans and also
old people driving on the freeway. They're driving like 30 miles an hour. What the fuck?
I mean, seriously, 30 miles an hour on the freeway. Thanks. Two missing pallets of a
top tier game. That shuts on eBay. Someone lifted that off a truck. No, it was just mis-routed.
Oh, OK. How convenient. Oh, so that they're there somewhere. They're just not where they
apparently sold to people. They apparently flunked geography and thought that Oklahoma
City was Memphis. Oh, I make that mistake all the time. Yeah. So, so they, they shipped
it to Memphis and oh, hey, shit, there's, this is an Oklahoma City. Elvis's mansion's
in Oklahoma City, right? Or Indianapolis instead of, you know, Perrysburg, Ohio. Alan, do you
have any FUs of the week you want to share? Very minor in first world, but we bought Juice
at Target and orange juice is like really good. And we got two cartons of it. And apparently
we just left it on the counter in the bag and fucking walked away and left and got into
the car and drove away. Everybody's done that shit at some point in their life. Everybody's
done that shit. But now because it happened, but now we don't have, but yeah, now it happened
and like, I really are no reason I want orange juice at nine o'clock at night because we
forgot it. Do you need me to go to Safemart and get you some orange juice? So FU to just,
I guess, walking away from a counter and leaving behind things that you paid for, even if it's
just a dollar fifty orange juice. But then it's like, what else did we forget? What else
did we forget? Anyhow, one other FU of the week would be for me, although I don't have
a whole lot, FU to a lack of motivation. I've not been very good at going to the gym like
I need to be. So FU to me needing to get into shape. But FU to just the fact I've been so
busy too. I mean, it's not like I'm having a gun held to my head. I don't have to be
doing the things I'm doing, but still it's keeping me very busy. But I'm able to work
in some good stuff and I know there'll be a good payoff. All right, before we get into
the next story, I want to say FU to one other thing as well. And that is the fact that we
got so tied up in that WU conversation earlier in the show, I didn't get to embarrass Loki
with the fact that his birthday was this past week. Oh yeah. On September 11th. It's not
a hard day to, or it's an easy day to remember. I guess I'll put it that way. Uh, would you
end up doing for your birthday? Uh, went to work and then I went and saw The Expendables
2 afterwards. Well, what a manly way to spend a birthday. And to be honest, The Expendables
2 was better than the first movie. It was actually entertaining. Yeah, but Chuck Norris
is in it. Chuck Norris is awesome. My brother saw and said it was awesome, but my brother's
also like 18. Chuck Norris was awesome though. Cause like his character is like this lone
wolf or whatever. He just comes in. It's like, yeah, I just murdered everybody cause I'm
Chuck Norris and that's what the fuck I do. Now FU to the fact that I'm having to have
listeners remind me about my life. Uh, Tiger Claw says, don't you mean FU to that table
that hit you in the face? Yes. FU to the table that hit me in the face. But anyhow, let's
go back to Loki. So it was your birthday this past week. So Alan and I wanted to say happy
birthday. Give you something to open there. Open on air there. So a little bit of, oops,
hold on, let me put this down. It's just a card. It's probably one of the worst wrapping
jobs I've ever done, but we're boys. We don't wrap gifts and we recycled. Look on the other
side. Look on the, it is a Skylanders portal keeper where he can keep all his little Skylanders
dolls and all your Skylanders toys. You can open it and you might find something a little
more useful inside. Skylanders. I hope it's more Skylanders. Oh sweet. 600 point guard.
There you go. Something a little more useful. I figured that, you know, it's cute that Josh
can put stuff in it when he's old enough to. Well he does need a toolbox cause he's got
like some frou frou, um, like flowery boxes, keeping his tools in there. There you go.
So we figured even though you might not actually put portals in there, it's actually the perfect
size for like a little lunch or something. So figured out another lunchbox. Now you have
to carry around a Skylanders purse. I originally joked that we should just get you one of the
figures, but I'm like, I had some of the figures actually for awhile cause I was selling them
this way. There used to be a gray market for Skylanders and they did really fast. All right,
I'll get it. The chatters are demanding a picture, so I'll get one of those really quick
and get it up on orange.com. I'll grab the iPad. Um, Misty also says, quit being sexist
in our chat room. I can't wrap presents for shit either. Thank fuck for gift bags. I normally
don't wrap presents. I apologize. You're absolutely right. But uh, thank thank fuck for gift bags
is absolutely right as well. So did not mean to stereotype. I apologize. I appreciate it.
Thank you. Cards. Funny too. You're welcome. Yeah, the cards funny too. All right. Oh yeah.
We're going to have to wait for him to do the car cause he has the next story. Birthday
bad cake. Good. And it has a fat cat on it. Yeah, my fat cat. Well, she's not fat, but
she threw up last night again. Oh, she's a hairball. That was, Oh my God. That was the
first card I was looking at was a cat on it saying, I'm getting all choked up because
it's your birthday. And then he opened it up and it says, Oh, just kidding. It's a hairball.
Oh, if I'd known your story. Oh well. Yeah. All right. So, um, you know, of course Australia's
got the brand new R 18 plus, um, rating for their, uh, game ratings. Of course. Um, they
have guidelines for the classification and it should be no surprise like anything that's
rated out there. They're being stricter on games than any other form of media. And of
course, you know, it says given the opposition to the introduction of the R 18 plus category
from a vocal yet unrepresentative section of the community, along with largely conservative
group of attorneys, uh, dash generals, it is no surprise that the new guidelines hold
video games to a higher standard across a number of categories compared to film and
what originally existed for video games. As we have previously stated, we are concerned
and with the acknowledgement of the are in the guidelines that the interactive, uh, interactivity
has a greater impact on the players. Despite the federal attorney general's pub office
publishing and a literature review in September, 2010 that found no evidence to support these
claims. There will be continued debate about whether the interactivity of video games has
a greater impact than other forms of media. And we will continue to refer to the lack
of evidence to support these claims. And I agree. I mean, it's stupid that, you know,
just because you can interact with stuff, I mean, watching videos and stuff, people
still get, you know, very worked up, I guess about stuff just because I can push a button
to like punch somebody in the face or something doesn't mean that's gonna make me more violent.
I think it'd make me less violent because, you know, if, if like there's an annoying
character in a movie and I want to punch him in the face, you know, that makes me want
to punch somebody in the face. Whereas if I have the ability to punch him in the face
in the game, then I may not have that urge to punch him in the, or somebody in the face
because, well, I've taken out my aggression. Well, at least they can have the, uh, games
out there in Australia that were banned previously. I mean, at least there's that. So whatever.
All right. I'm trying to remember, we have a secret email you use to upload these pictures
to, and I can't remember what it is because remember our site got hella spammed once,
so we changed it and I don't remember the address. Jamie has it saved on her phone.
Crap. I have a sent items folder. Can it be piped to the O L R tumbler? Can I, cause I
think Ramna Ramna is on. He does that. Can I search for email? How would I search for
emails that I sent to an orange launch video.com address? He sent you go and get your sent
items. Yeah. Go into your sent folder and then do the search from, I know it's live
radio, but I need tips on how to use my mail back. Oh no, it's not orange launch radio
because they go to flicker. That's the problem. Is that it? I bet it's this. Don't say that
on air, but I think this is it. Yes. Yes. That's it. Okay. I found it. Yay. Just host
fail. Cause I forgot the correct that they went to flicker and not to orange launch radio.com.
Great live radio, huh? One more story before we open up the Skype line. And that is about
a new way to sell indie games. It's called the indie game stand. It's going to start
on September 26th and it's, um, getting its inspiration from the humble bundle as well
as woot. That's a site I like, I like woot. You can get some good deals there. Although
I have yet to ever get a bag of crap on woot, but I know some people that live for bags
of crap on woot. Um, indie game stand will be a place that will sell a new indie game
every four days for a pay what you want fee. That's a pretty bold way to do it. It's going
to launch September 26th. Um, a lot of steam and desura keys will be available on the game.
10% of whatever you do will benefit a charity of the developer's choice. More than 50 indie
developers are signed on to this right now. Spider web software, cypher prime, digital
eel, magical time beam and so on and so on. If you create an account before September
26th, you will get the platformer Chester for free. Indie game stand.com. That's pretty
cool. Uh, I like the whole charity aspect to that as well. It's a pretty bold to do
pay what you want. I'm surprised there's no minimum whatsoever. That's a wow. One penny,
one penny. I hope, but I mean the indie game bundles do very well, but it's multiple. They
also offer incentive to have a minimum amount, which is good. And you know, if you're going
to rip off all those charities, you just kind of, you know, you, you do have the whole bad
karma thing going on there. All right, well I will be signing up for that site. Why not?
There's a free game involved. All right. Uh, one eight seven seven game O L R or our username
on Skype, orange lounge radio. The Skype line is open right now for you to send in your
phone calls. Meanwhile, it's going to take me a minute to get that picture up because
I need to bring up Twitters on my iPad here so we can talk about tweets to twitter.com
slash O L R. Uh, while I bring that up, Oh, nevermind. We're getting a call. I will do
last minute stories in a minute though, but first we have a call on the line higher on
orange lounge radio. Who's this? Who else but Rama. Hey Rama, what's on your mind, buddy?
Oh God. Yeah. Um, we, you know, all right. Yeah, let's do it. We, you know, what's up
the money for that. We, you is staying in my bank account because I'm not buying into
that bullshit. It's a pretty strong word. Bullshit. Cause first things first, the price
that they're asking for, I think is a little bit higher that people are willing to pay
for it. Another thing is they haven't even said the specs behind a Wii U. I haven't been
able to find anything in regards to it. There's only three games that they announced that
I want and truth be told, the console can stay on the shelf until those three games
come out, but they're not staying on the shelves. They're selling out the preorders. I can wait.
I'm a very patient person. What do you think it would take? What, what, what's missing
here? What would it take for you to say, you know what, I'm plunking the money down. Let's
do this. Pack a Mario game. Don't forget that whole Nintendo land stuff. Take it back to
the old school when the NES came with a Super Mario brothers, when super Nintendo came with
the Super Mario brothers game. Then they changed things around. Take it back to the old school.
What an awesome Mario title. That's what I'm looking at. Well, there is a Mario title.
Nintendo land doesn't count in my book. What about new Super Mario brothers Wii U or whatever
it's called? That's extra $60 and I don't know if you've noticed the price that they're
asking for the Wii U games brings me back to the days of Super Nintendo when games were
$69.99 to $79.99 a pop. Black Wolf in our chat room, you know he's, he's one ready to, uh,
challenge you on things once in a while. Black Wolf says, you're right. It's a little bit
higher than people are willing to pay for it. Hence why it's currently sold out of the
pre-orders. The price of the Wii U games brings me back to the days of the Xbox 360 and the
PlayStation three. Okay. You have to admit that's funny. I mean, the way I look at it,
the price, it kind of reminds me of the PS3 when it was so expensive because they're trying
to put the Blu-ray players in everybody's living room. There's a big difference between $2.99
and $5.99 as in half. I know, but I'm just saying that they're trying to get everyone
on the whole tablet thing, which is why the console is so expensive. And truth be told,
as much as I enjoy the features that the tablet's going to offer, I don't need it. Just give
me a Wii U, a pro controller, and that's it. That's all I really want. Well, I guess you
can't get that. Yeah, I know. And I see that. And the sad yet interesting yet funny part
is even on Nintendo's playing catch up with all of this, even if the Wii U falls flat
on their face, they will still come out on top because remember, except for the 3DS,
when they did a price cut on, except until recently, every console Nintendo put out has
made a profit off of. Except for, yeah, except for that whole 3DS price cut. That's a very
true point. I believe Microsoft and PlayStation took losses on theirs, so it is interesting.
Alright, well, what will you be playing this holiday season with no Wii U in your house?
I will be probably playing more games on my PS3, my 360, and the tablet that I just bought.
And if you're also wondering, my younger brother begged me, so I will be going with him to
Nintendo World, just as Luigi, during that weekend release of the Wii U, because evidently
I have nothing else better to do that weekend. So even though you're not going to buy the
Wii U, you're going to pull out Black Luigi just cause. Yeah, I have to shamelessly plug
out a couple of awesome sites that I helped work for. There you go, take some VOG flyers.
My business cards have VOG on them. Good, good, good. Alright, well, the chatters are
complaining because somehow you broke the stream, but here's my question, if the internet
just went down, why are we still connected on Skype? Because you're supported by my awesome
files connection. 66 megabits down and 33 megabits going up, can't beat that. Whatever,
it's not the size, it's how you use it. Alright, bye Rama, take care everybody. Peace, stay
fabulous. Yeah, always. Alright, 1877 game OLR or a username on Skype is OrangeLawnTradio
if you want to give us a call. I did get that picture up. Loki, did you have any last minute
stories you wanted to do? Yeah, I was going to mention there was a few things, there was
an article I saw about the whole multiplayer, or the Just Cause 2 multiplayer project. They've
got up to 1800 people playing on one server. This is all fan done, you know, kind of talking
a little bit about Black Mesa stuff. I mean, multiplayer in a game that doesn't have multiplayer.
They have 1800 people on that god damn server. That's pretty impressive. And then also Black
Ops 2 is supposed to have a zombie campaign, like as in a single player campaign. That's
kind of neat. What else? Oh, I wanted to mention, I had actually, because I'm on Kickstarter
a lot, I tweeted about this. There's a game called Rhythm Destruction. It is a game that's
a cross between a shmup and a rhythm game, and features music by Kyle Ward. So if you
want to check that out, check out Rhythm Destruction on Kickstarter. They've got 18 days left.
Five bucks net to the game. So that's not bad. And that's including, I think, a Steam
key, and they're supposed to be bringing that out, I think, on Xbox Indie games as well.
It does support an Xbox 360 controller. It's also on Steam Greenlight. Again, 1877 Game
OLR, or a username on Skype, is Orange Launch Radio. If you want to give us a call, the
Skype line is open. That's all. Otherwise, I was responding to folks in the chat room,
apparently about the breaking of our stream, or what have you. Also, the Indie games, or
Indie Royale, they have a back to school bundle that's out with seven games. Pay what you
want. It includes Lunar Flight, Bunny Must Die, Chelsea, and the Seven Devils. Looks
like a Kleon, Flying Red Barrel, and Sequence. Also, Cute Things Dying Violently. And I guess
if you spend over $8 on the bundle, you'll also receive an 18-track Chiptune album, Bias.
All right, going to some tweet topics real quick. First, I want to say Bobby Blackwolf,
who sent us a tweet to a story about how LittleBigPlanetVita's street date was lifted. You're a jerk.
But yes, we already addressed this. The street date was lifted. Sony says retailers can begin
selling the game once they receive copies. Well, apparently my local Target didn't receive
copies. So this news is still false, as far as I'm concerned. Tigerclaw says in some tweets,
oh, this was really sad, and it does have a tie-in to the gaming world. I don't know
if, well, hopefully you heard about this. Hopefully you're not that shut off to the
world around you, but there was a U.S. Embassy attack that happened in Libya, and it took
the lives of a few people, and one of them was this huge Eve Online player. Like, apparently
he was really big in the Eve Online community. His nickname in the community was Vile Rat,
but he was known to his friends and family also as Sean Smith, and unfortunately he died
in that senseless attack this week that was very unfortunate. The Eve community is grieving
his loss. They're saying that over the years, Vile Rat rose to become one of the most well-known
and respected diplomats for one of the most powerful alliances in Eve. He was instrumental
in shaping the universe we all play in today. That was Chairman Mark Hurd on the CSM behalf.
That would be the Council of Stellar Management for Eve Online. There you go. Very sad. Very
sad. Moving on, another link from Tigerclaw. Consoles lacking in an important functionality
for MMOs. I want to see what this is about, because I don't know this one. So he sent
us a story from GameSpot that talks about... I don't want to see this. Give me this one
here. Sorry, my iPad's acting up and not showing me the right story there. Again, 1877 GameOLR
or a username on Skype is Orange Launch Radio if you want to call in. The VP of Publishing
at Wargaming.net says long approval times on consoles are restricting development of
MMOs. Otherwise, they would be there if manufacturers made it easier for developers. This is according
to Andre Jarnaso, who is at the World of Tanks World Championship Final. Oh, have you heard
about that MMO, World of Tanks? I've heard of that before, too. It's supposed to be like
massive. They were pimping it out over at the air show it went to, World of Tanks, and
there's also some other one, World of War, or World of Planes or something. Well, here's
a quote. Again, I'm reading this article. I'm sight-reading this article for the first
time because of the tweet we got from Tigerclaw. Consoles are a nice, attractive part of the
market because there are no really well-known MMOs there, and the install base is huge.
But as you know, the consoles are still lacking in important functionality. In MMOs, it is
very important for developers to have a fast reaction time for the service. If you're a
big company like Sony or Microsoft, then the approval time for release candidates is so,
so long, you can't change the game immediately. So, interesting. Kind of blaming the console
development cycle for the reason that MMOs aren't coming out. Hmm. Well, Square Enix
might have something to say about that when it comes to Final Fantasy XIV or Realm Reborn
or whatever you're calling it, which is still coming out later this year, as far as I know,
or at least it's going into testing. And Zaku in our chat room reminds us about Final Fantasy
XI. sg100matt, lastly on Twitter, wanted to remind us about the Bungee Ferret tossing
soundtrack, but I already plugged that earlier. So that's it for tweets. Any other last-minute
stories, Logie? I think that was it. All right. Well, Skyfline's not looking too popular tonight,
so unfortunately I'm going to go ahead and shut it down. If you think of something later
on, mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com would be a great place to send an email to. Again,
that's mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com. But the show's running a little long anyway because
we had a very long first half, so I think it's about time to wrap things up anyway.
Alan, thank you for being here tonight, as always. I appreciate you filling in, even
though you feel like you have to do it, apparently. I won't ask you next time then and see how
you feel. All right. Enjoy Black Mesa and all that. And do you have any final thoughts
for listeners tonight? Chicken. I would like to remind everybody that this show is free
and we don't ask for much, but please tell a friend or two about the show. Help spread
the word, word of mouth. If you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, tell
a friend or two about the show and support independent podcasting, especially those shows
at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com. We love being a part of this indie network
that helps to bring the voices of gamers everywhere to you, even when they're being shy like they
are tonight. Rama's not shy though, at least we know that. Loki, thank you as always for
being here and enjoy the Skylanders purse. Thank you. And the points more importantly
that maybe can buy you something you'll actually be using. But any final thoughts for listeners
tonight? Play on our Minecraft server if you haven't done that yet, because it's awesome
and you should check it out. And then of course on Tuesday, play Borderlands 2 with me, because
I need someone to play with. And my final thought tonight is yes, play those games,
play World of Warcraft and listen to Horde House, the best little Horde House in Azeroth,
or if you're extra for play Guild Wars 2 and still be on a Warcraft podcast. Listen to
that and also play Bungie Ferret Tossing tomorrow on Xbox Live Indie Games. Very exciting. That's
it guys, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you
as always for tuning in. Remember we will not be live Sunday next week, however a new
episode will still be playing on the feed. Podcast listeners, nothing will change for
you, you'll still have a new show next week because I'm out of town. So I just want to
remind everybody of that. We'll be back live in two weeks with another episode of Orange
Lounge Radio and that would be in two weeks, episode number 475. We're climbing on up,
moving on up. 500's almost here. Have a wonderful night everybody, take care.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR
Studios. To join us for a live show, tune in to VoGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm
Pacific, 9pm Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VoGnetwork, but you know they were
all still true. See you next week.
