Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, September 30th, 2012. EA cancels a major sports title. DLC is detailed for New Super Mario Bros. 2.
And can you soon get monetary rewards based on your achievement points?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio. We are live with episode number 475 of our program for this September the 30th of 2012.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you to talk about video games and gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle and all that good stuff.
With my co-hosts, first off, say hello to DarkSakura.
Hi. How you doing, Jamie?
I'm caffeinated, thank you.
You had two cups of coffee.
Yes. I've made a new rule, by the way. The only one allowed to talk about sports ball is Bobby.
What's your thing against sports ball? Some people like sports ball.
Boring!
We have a sports ball story coming up tonight, hater.
Boring!
I like rugby. And I like real football.
There was a comment that actdeft made this week. I don't remember if it was on Twitter or if it was on a VOG network post.
But he said, yes I am a hater and I am hating.
And that's you right now.
I agree with that. I agree with that.
I'm DarkSakura and I endorse this comment.
Alright, also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
How you doing, Loki?
Doing good.
Awesome. What's new with you?
Um, Minecraft.
Did you enjoy your Sunday off last week?
Yeah, and I played no Minecraft. I played Borderlands 2.
Okay.
Which is sadly the only time I got to play Borderlands 2 this week.
Well, yeah, that's the only time I got to play Borderlands 2 this week.
My wife's been occupying TV so I've been occupying Minecraft.
Well, not a problem. It looks like the server's growing a little bit there.
Yeah. There's actually people on now. I see people when I go on there.
Nice, nice. And I hear they've been defacing my house.
My little, or my shack.
We haven't been defacing it. We've been, um, applying temporary tenants.
Interesting. Would you fill my house with creepers?
No. That would be destructive.
Alright. Well, I'll check that out as soon as I can get back on there, but I'll talk about my gaming week in just a minute.
So, um, yeah. What else do I want to say? Oh, this poster came, right?
Yeah.
This was from that guy who called in last week, right?
Yeah.
I think it was. Can I see it? Can I open this?
Yeah, go ahead.
No, Rob, you're physically incapable.
Tell us what it is while I open it because it's bad radio for me to just sit here opening a box.
It's a picture of Zero from Borderlands 2 and it's signed by all the developers.
It's stuck in there. Hold on.
Open the other side.
That's still awesome. I have a particular bone to pick about Borderlands, though.
Okay.
It's called, I call it Disco Panda.
And that was Dan doing that five round kill whoever person with the disco music that Bobby played in his show.
And all I heard was that music for two days while playing Mr. Pandaria. So it was Disco Pandas.
That poster's rad, by the way.
Can you get a picture of that for OrangeLaunchRadio.com?
I guess.
What little thing we have left at OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
I can do that in a minute when we get into gaming weeks.
So just give me a little bit of time.
Let's see. Before we get into gaming weeks, I wanted to start off tonight with a kickoff topic as we usually do.
A lot of traffic at VOG Network this week for one of the articles that was up on there that went viral.
And it wasn't really intentional for that to happen.
But apparently a lot of media companies, for whatever reason, aren't really covering this.
Because it has to do with the indie community.
And I don't know when everybody decided to just fucking abandon the indie community.
But this is a little bit irritating because it has to do with Microsoft and XNA Games.
Now remember when XNA Games first came out?
I think a lot of us were very excited about the potential that people could make anything they wanted for XNA.
And there's been some good and there's been some not good.
In the good column, we've had some pretty top-notch A-plus Minecraft clones.
Obviously we're a little partial to YYR in some of his efforts, like Bungie ferret tossing and so forth.
I know there were some games that came from some of the hosts on the network we used to be on.
Like You Will Die was a great indie game and so forth.
I made a game with zombies in it.
Yeah, the zombie game was pretty good.
The Breath of Death and all that started on XNA, right?
Yeah, Breath of Death and that stuff was on there, that was pretty good.
There's actually been a lot of really good games on there, but unfortunately there's a lot of games to sift through.
Right, and then there's the bad.
The controller vibrate game, the fireplace thing.
Okay, so all these things fill niches.
It's the fart app that you'll find on the iPhone, I mean it's that whole thing.
And then you get the really weird stuff, like the launch a baby from your vag game.
It's funny.
It's hilarious for like three seconds, but it's a little bit strange.
What is it, Techno Kitten Adventure?
Yeah, oh yeah, Techno Kitten Adventure started there.
That was that interview and everything, which I think he sold it to somebody, but anyway.
My point is, there's been some good, there's been some not so good, but overall we've seen some things born from there.
So why did Microsoft just suddenly stop paying attention to it?
Here's the deal, here's what's going on.
There's an article all about it at vognetwork.com, very well done from Bobby.
He found this issue going on in the community that needed to have some light shed on it.
So we spent some time shedding a little light on it for people, and it actually got posted to Reddit, not by us, and got some hits that way.
Microsoft no longer allowing indie developers to generate codes.
They used to be able to generate 50 review codes, and it's broken.
No press release saying they took it away, maybe I'm not phrasing that correctly,
because to say that they stopped letting you do it says that that was maybe intentional.
I don't think it was intentional, it's just a bug.
I can't believe it's a super major bug that can't be fixed with a day's worth of work if they would allocate somebody to it.
But that hasn't happened, and it's been going on a couple weeks now.
YYR, who did Bungee Ferret Tossing, the OLR game, can't get review codes generated for it.
And that sucks, because that's one way that your game gets out there on the internet, is the reviews on websites.
And people would see it go, Bungee Ferret Tossing, what's this?
And then they check it out, and that's how YYR can make sales on his game.
But now, a lot of that is stifled, because Microsoft has this bug on the site.
It's not just affecting him.
These big indie games, or indie developers, I should say, or whatever, got together and did this indie uprising thing,
which is the indie answer to Microsoft Summer of Arcade and Winter Jamboree, or whatever the hell they call those things,
which they've never once officially endorsed indie games since the very, very beginning.
Remember when Microsoft said, oh yeah, we're gonna promote XNA games?
Yeah, I think that ever happened once, twice?
Actually, there have been a few that were going to be indie games, and then didn't.
Like, Dust and Elysian Tail, or whatever, that was gonna be an indie game.
And there was also a few that have been in these contests that they do.
I don't remember what it's called, but they've been promoted from there, too.
Bobby Blackwolf, who's in our chat room, who wrote the article, is at live.vognetwork.com, where you guys should be.
He says, not just for review, but for giveaways. Ever wonder why VoG hasn't given away any copies of Bungie Ferretossing?
Perfect example. We can't give it to you for free. Although, seriously, guys, it's one fucking dollar.
And it is a really fun game, so, just, you know, you probably have the points left over in your wallet.
But, yeah, and SSJ100Matt says you would think they want to get this fixed.
They're promoting games that they profit off of, and that's the weird thing.
It's not that Microsoft stopped getting money from this, but, I don't know, maybe they feel it's not enough money?
Maybe they feel not enough people are paying attention to indie games or selling it?
Well, then, do something about it. Microsoft has the power to shed a light on indie games.
Oh, is there too much crap indie games that's bogging down the system so people don't want to go find the stellar indie games?
Fix it!
This has me a little worried for the next Xbox console. I wonder if this is something that's just going to magically disappear.
It'd be a little sad if that was the case. Or maybe it's-
I don't think it's going to disappear because they have their whole Windows 8 app store, and, of course, they don't want people developing apps for it.
And probably XNA is going to tie into that somehow, so, you know, wouldn't they want to keep people around to develop for a closed platform when people can go indie?
You know, indie can just go to an open platform and possibly get their game on Steam and, oh, a lot more sales there!
It's just a bummer that it had such potential to be so awesome to let people kind of control what was going on on the television and show what's going on in their mind and their game development side and it's just kind of gone.
So, um, Brakeman in our chat says there are some damn good Xbox Live indie games. There are. It's-
What went wrong with this? Why is this not doing better? Loki, any thoughts?
Because they haven't done anything with it. They haven't really- they haven't promoted it. They hid it away in a corner and they made it a pain in the ass to sort through.
So, it's like whatever they could possibly do to not help things out, they did.
Sj100Matt in our chat says all the indie guys should go to Ouya and Steam and just screw Microsoft.
Well, but like YYR, he's been doing Bungie Ferretossing for two years, you know, and two years ago, XNA looked, you know, a lot better than maybe it does now, so it kind of sucks for those that have already invested so much time.
I've always thought, though, and I could be wrong, I am not a developer, I've not made games, I always thought it was supposed to be pretty easy to port your stuff from XNA on Xbox to PC. Isn't that supposed to be a pretty easy process?
I think so.
So, I don't know, maybe-
Well, because you're developing it on a PC, I would imagine that, yeah, it's probably pretty easy to, you know, port it over.
I know that you can edit save files for Xbox games on a PC, like for example, and I hate to bring Mass Effect back into it, you can actually use the gib tools that you hack your PC save files on the Xbox save files and move them over on your hard drive.
That's cool.
So, the programming there is pretty much the same.
I used to love editing files, like I remember Civilization 1 on the PC, like a bunch of the scripting ran off text files, so as long as- like there were certain criteria that had to be met, but as long as you were kind of within the boundaries, you could like get the Queen of England to like, when she's meeting you and negotiating with you, go, look at you, you little fucker.
I'm gonna declare war on your ass. You could like, change things and do a 12-year-old, that shit's hilarious. Hell, to a 34-year-old, that shit's still hilarious.
Anyhow, going to more comments from our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com, because of course, I don't think I said this earlier, we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at The Voice of Geeks Network, www.vognetwork.com.
There's articles there too, there'd be more if I wasn't falling behind with stuff I have going on in my real life, but there will be more very soon.
Meanwhile, Bobby's doing a great job holding down the fort.
Let's see, WhatUpG says, by that I mean the big budget games, the ones that seem to get more press, etc.
Microsoft is more about the AAA games, is the comment that preceded that.
So, maybe Microsoft just wants to focus on the arcade games, I don't know.
Not that a lot of those end up being very good all the time, but whatever.
Anyhow, let's talk about our gaming weeks, and the video games that we have been playing this week, and whether they be indie, or AAA, or whatever the case may be.
We'll start with Dark Soccer, I bet you all can predict her week, I bet you all can think about it. What is it?
I played Mass Effect 3, and played Pandas, I've made Rob over 10,000 gold, selling gems, in less than a week.
So yeah, it's been a profitable expansion, it's been slow, slow, slow, and I've actually had a bunch of stuff going on, so I haven't been able to sit in Uber level.
Which is fine, I mean, I do have other things going on. But yeah, it was a lot of Pandas. It was Pandemonium. Yeah, that's it.
How do you feel about the new expansion? I know this isn't Horde House, but it is a major PC game release.
Slow. I really like the areas, and I really like the music when it's not, oh my god, Disco Pandas going on over it. Because, like I said earlier, Dan's been playing Borderlands 2.
Which makes me want to throw up. It's pretty, it looks like fun, I would be so sick.
I find it interesting that there's a lot of things about the expansion that are going back to a Burning Crusade style approach, and I think a lot of that is to purposefully draw out the endgame a little bit.
Which is fair, because people blow through it too quickly. But I don't know if you know this yet, did you know that there is no more Justice Point vendor that sits in Orgrimmar or the Panda City, and just hands out Justice stuff.
You have to get revered with a faction, then you can buy the Justice rewards for that faction.
That's stupid!
So it's going to take a little time, but this, well, I can see why they did that, because they said there's not enough to do at 90.
So it's, hey, we're going to have to throw out all these daily quests, give people a path to do. There's a lot of good about it, but I think a lot of us who have been spoiled over the few years by the quick grind are going to really get in check.
I'm feeling really behind because I'm not level 90, I've had too much going on in my personal life, I can't sit there and just grind to 90.
I'm just 88.
I know, I know, I know.
And Shane's already got a 90.
Yeah, most of my guild, raiding guild, already has 90s.
Some of us have lives.
I don't like to say it that way, because I know Shane has a life and what have you.
But we have other stuff going on that isn't OMG Pandas.
Some of us have Mass Effect to play.
Which is a perfectly acceptable excuse.
Some of us have also decided that we want a part corgi, part pit bull dog. I want a corgi bull.
You're silly. Alright, let's move on. I'll talk about-
And some of us have really fat cats that like to poop right when we get in a dungeon.
I'll talk about panda people a little more when it gets to my gaming week, but Loki, go ahead.
So I played Borderlands 2 last week. Well, kind of on Sunday since we weren't doing a show.
So I've been playing that and leveling up my assassin.
And the game's pretty fun. I'm digging it.
I wish I could play it a little bit more. I want to play it a bit more this week, take a little break from Minecraft.
Since I played like 20 hours of Minecraft at least this week.
And of course we switched the server over to creative, so it's been fun.
Everybody's been kind of coming in and building big things.
I haven't really finished my castle, but I'm taking a break from it. I think it's pretty much done.
I've got all the grounds done. I have a little stable area with cows and pigs and chickens.
I built an underground blacksmithing thing.
Farmer Loki had a farm. E-I-E-I-O.
I'm just trying to think of things to put on the ground so that I'd have something there.
It's a big open space. So I have that all pretty much done.
I just have to fill the rooms with stuff. I haven't done that yet.
I've been taking a break from it to do other things. Explore and build other things.
So yeah, I think that's pretty much it this week. That's all I played. Those two things.
Alright, my gaming week. I've been pretty busy and I was out of town for a few days.
When I wasn't playing video game rides at Disneyland, which is my last trip for a year,
that's at least the goal is to do Disney detox for a year and we'll see how successful it is.
If you want to take bets on how many days before I crack, that would be a really great thing to take bets on.
But anyway, as far as video games that I have been playing, I've been playing Mr. Pandaria obviously when I have had time.
I love the music. I love the scenery. I love that because they didn't have to go back and redesign an old world,
all of those resources got put into this new world and it's just vast. There's so much to do.
I'm at the point where it's like I'm almost sick of questing because there's so many quests.
In fact, that might be the one thing I would say is starting to grate on me a little bit,
is I don't like that they made it not possible really. I mean, you can.
But they made it really hard now to level through dungeoning, which is how I really used to do it.
But they really nerfed the dungeon XP and all that so you can't really level through dungeoning anymore,
which really kind of irritated me because that's how I like to do it.
But I guess to match the style of the fact that you have to get reputation with all these factions
to get the end game rewards, you have to do a little bit of questing, so whatever.
But anyway, I will elaborate more on my thoughts on this week's Hoard House, www.hoardhouse.com.
Another game that I checked out this week though for a little bit, I only played this in between the time
that this game came out and Mr. Pandaria came out, which was about three days when I wasn't doing other stuff.
And that is Torchlight 2. Torchlight 2 is released and it is available on Steam.
And if you don't know what Torchlight is, if you've never played Torchlight 1, it is available on Xbox and Steam
and probably other places too that I'm not thinking of. I just own it on both places.
It's basically Diablo. It's a lot of the same people that made Diablo 1 and 2 made this game.
It's kind of like a reimagining of that whole thing, although obviously it's a little more DungeonCrawler
and a little less Satan. It's not Diablo.
Torchlight 2 is out and it has kind of a different feel right off the bat because you're not dipping right into a dungeon.
Like you do in Diablo or like you did in the first Torchlight. A lot of it is taking place in the outworld
or the outside, outdoors, very grassy areas. It's not to say that there aren't dungeons at all,
but I noticed right off the bat that a lot of the scenery is very varied.
I love some of the class design in Torchlight 2 is great as well.
Like I play this dual-wielding gun chick and she's a lot of fun.
I've had a real joy playing it and dare I say, I kind of had more fun with it and I've been more interested in that than Diablo 3.
So I don't know really what that says, but yeah, Torchlight 2, big fan. Thumbs up.
And I like that there's the multiplayer that you can do very easily through the internet
and you can also be in the same room and do internet that way. There's the LAN is in there.
None of this fuckery with Battle.net going up and down the day of the launch.
That is a great word. Fuckery.
Diablo 3's launch is a perfect way to use that word too. That was total fuckery.
And this had very little fuckery. Granted, I think Torchlight's registration servers were down on launch day,
but it didn't really ruin the experience. It was a good time.
ActDeft says, internet multiplayer? Wow. Well, the first game didn't have it.
So there you go. Let's see, and Ray Deer in our chat room says,
I'm sort of saving up for Torchlight 2 right now. Well, the good news is it's only 20 bucks.
So yeah, Torchlight 2 is great, especially if you're a fan of Diablo or those dungeon crawler games.
So if you are listening live here at vognetwork.com, apparently the stream is having some issues.
It's going up and down a little bit. So I'll make sure everybody's got their porn torrents turned off
so that way we don't hiccup. But otherwise, I'm not sure there's a lot we can do about that.
Unfortunately, we will try our best to maintain the connection.
I closed Dropbox, right? Sometimes big files come in through there. Yeah, that's closed.
So IDK, I'll figure out what's going on. Meanwhile, that's really it for my gaming week.
Torchlight 2 and Pandaria. And Disney games. Do you think I'll be able to make it the full year, Dark Soccer?
Because in chat, Brakeman says, my last trip for a year to Disneyland, in my country we have a word for you.
Liar. And don't even try to go to Disney World as some sort of loophole.
You know what, Rob? I have faith in you. And if you don't, if you do end up going, I will sob bitter, bitter tears.
I'll be sobbing my bitter tears for you next week while I'm there.
Okay.
Oh boohoo, I'm at Blue Bayou and Rob's not here.
No, stop. Alright. Let's move on and we're going to get into some housekeeping.
Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to follow us on Twitter. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And of course we're available on Google Plus as well for Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll get to the FUGL question of the week a little later. But before we get to that, some news!
Loki's starting us off with the gaming news this week.
Alright. So, this is a little shocking. Not entirely shocking, I guess, but NBA Live 13 was cancelled by EA.
And this was an announcement, I believe it was on Friday? Yeah, I think so. Yeah, on the 27th.
Seriously, kind of out of nowhere. I mean, it was being delayed for a while.
You may remember they tried relaunching the whole franchise with NBA Elite 11 back in 2010.
And that got pulled right before it shipped the stores. Actually, some of them did ship the stores.
And I think a few leaked out and it was really glitchy and just terrible.
And they were going to kind of, they took a break last year and then this year they were going to try launching it again with NBA Live 13.
And once again, they just cancelled it before you even got a chance to get sent out.
And this was literally kind of out of nowhere on EA Sports' website.
Their executive vice president, Andrew Wilson, just wrote,
Hey, it's cancelled and here's why. Rather than launch midway through the season, we're going to sit out another full year and make sure next year's game is really great.
So, I don't know. It's interesting, but I think at this point, you know, if it was that terrible where they can't even launch the game.
And from what I hear, some of the people that were testing it were saying,
Hey, you probably shouldn't launch this game because it's not very good.
Maybe if it was that terrible, I mean, this far into the development cycle, then,
God, I don't know if next year's going to be any different. I mean, we may run into the exact same situation again with NBA Live 14.
And at that point, I mean, NBA 2K is going to be so far ahead.
I don't even know if they'll be able to catch up with their market share.
I mean, how loyal must your fans be where your game doesn't come out for three years and then finally new NBA game.
You know, obviously they're probably playing other things.
I did like it, though, because I'm sure all people that play these games are very mature.
One of the first comments I read on the Asports.com site was like,
I'm going to kill your family. I'm going to kill all the employees.
I'll burn down the building because you won't give me my NBA Live.
Call the Popo on that. Why do people feel like they could just say whatever they want because they're hiding behind a monitor?
I'm about to go down a much bigger path on this stuff, but I sometimes hate the anonymity that Facebook get hurt.
Well, there's Facebook, too, but I hate the anonymity that the Internet gives us sometimes.
Like, really? You're going to kill somebody's family over a missing basketball game? Really? Really? Really?
Geez.
Why don't we just set them all on fire?
How are you being any better by saying that?
Calm down, woman.
Hey, I said it very calmly.
Anyhow.
I don't know. I know some of my friends that actually play the basketball games quite a bit.
They're just like, meh. Not surprised.
And honestly, I'm not surprised either.
I thought that was going to be the case since they haven't really started their media campaign yet and the game was scheduled for October.
I kind of thought that you would have a little something. So, yeah. Not a big shocker.
Well, what do you think might be the long-term ramifications of this?
There's a part of me that's like, alright, well, one could commend EA for this decision because if the game was going to suck
or was just going to be a really lame upgrade to the previous game, then good on them for making the right decision.
Because there's a story later about maybe a not-so-great decision for a game that came out that was really just a copy of the year before.
I found that comment finally. It was funny.
You've got to be fucking kidding me. We stuck our neck out for you.
We've been fans of you guys for years getting fucked every fucking day with 2K fans.
I swear, if there's no game that...
Of course, I'm reading this verbatim.
There's no game that released this year. I'm killing every employee in EA slash NBA Live building, dude.
I'm so heartbroken, literally. I'm so fucking tired of playing 2K.
I can't believe we're stuck playing with only one game after you guys have three to four fucking years to fix the game the right way.
If we can't at least get something online, I'm with EA for... I don't know.
I need to send the police to his house to scare that little boy because you know that some 13-year-old kid writes that comment.
Of course. But I just think it's funny that people think that you don't have to play a new NBA game.
It's not like, oh shit. It's not like choosing a president or something like that. A choice needs to be made.
It's just, you know, you can play that same NBA game that you have.
Oh, well, I understand that the rosters aren't up to date and stuff, but tough.
Why don't you go play NBA Baller Beats?
It's supposed to be fun. Actually, I will admit, I really do want to check that game out at some point.
I'm just kind of put off by the price, but I want to check it out at some point.
So...
We actually got a copy of that.
Did you? Why did you get a copy of it?
Why not?
Because my boss had one in his office.
Baller Beats!
And I laughed at it. I'm like, I'm not fucking playing that.
I'll play it.
No, it's... No. No, we're not.
Alright. Alright, I guess... Oh, I want to ask about the 2K game. Doesn't this open the door wide open for 2K?
Didn't 2K get somebody really famous to produce this year's game?
Jay-Z.
Well, I was just talking...
I'm looking forward to that.
Well, hold on. I was talking with Alan about this earlier today.
About what a smart guy Jay-Z must actually be.
Because one of the people that Jay-Z produces is Rihanna.
And, you know, say what you will about her music and so forth, but...
I mean, that woman is a well-oiled pop machine.
She's putting out so many albums. She puts out an album a year.
And all these music videos, wins all these Grammys, has all these catchy songs written for her.
You know, whether it might be your cup of tea or not, you can't ignore that she writes some really...
Or, she doesn't write, probably, but she has some really good pop music that she puts out.
And, yet again, she's got like another new album coming out this year. It's crazy.
Like, Jay-Z is working her and she's an extraordinarily famous woman.
Just like a pimp.
Hey, if Jay-Z...
Work your best hoe.
If... Shut up.
If Jay-Z can make 2K basketball, like, if he can do for video games what he's done for pop music,
I actually think it could be a really good thing.
He's not doing shit. All he's doing is picking up the soundtrack.
Ooh. Fucking awesome.
I mean, whatever. You know, that's cool.
I mean, people that are going to be buying the game probably don't care,
because it's the only basketball game that they can pick up this year.
I mean, that's it.
I mean, even last year, they're like, well, we don't have an NBA game, but we're going to do NBA Jam.
Yeah, that seemed exciting until it came out, and then it was like, ehhh. Not so exciting.
Why does the chat room think I said pot music? I said pop music.
Pot music would be like...
Fog Hat.
It would be like the Grateful Dead and Dave Matthews Band. That's pot music.
Fog Hat.
And maybe a little bit Journey, too.
I mean, I do love Journey, but I went to their concert once, and damn, I think I got a contact high.
Anyway, back to games.
Or maybe lack of games if Motorola gets their way, because you know, Motorola, although it is really Google,
they got an injunction against Microsoft in Germany that would prevent the sale or import of Xbox 360s,
among some other Microsoft devices.
This is all over the H.264 video encoding technology.
It's actually owned by Motorola. It's licensed for use in MS devices.
Now, here's the interesting thing.
It's been ruled in the US that Motorola cannot enforce the injunction.
Well, now why would the US talk about an injunction in Germany anyway?
Well, it's because Microsoft had previously sued Motorola over a breach of contract case in the US.
So now this allows the court to consider if the whole thing is subject to the US law.
And the court's ruling says, quote,
At bottom, this case is a private dispute under Washington state contract law between two US corporations.
So if you were worried that what happened in Germany was going to have effect over here, you're okay.
So, like, if your 360 is going to red ring one day after you're out of that three-year warranty, you're okay.
You can still get one.
Phew.
Well, technically, they wouldn't be selling it. They would just be shipping a replacement.
No, I said one day after the warranty when you're screwed and they won't ship a replacement anymore.
Because, you know, that's what happens to people now.
It used to be that they'd red ring after a week and that's just part of like growing up.
Well, they don't red ring anymore because they've taken that functionality out of...
Did you say that was just part of growing up?
Yes.
Because every Xbox...
You take the good, you take the bad.
Yes, you take the good, you take the bad and you take them both and there you have a 360.
360?
Stop.
You know, and that's actually in my head because I just watched the robot chicken thing where they did...
Never mind.
No, no, okay.
One chick's on Survivor.
Which one, Tootie?
Blair, on Survivor.
They are really, really stretching for celebrities.
You and your reality shows, Rob.
I know, what can I say, I'm a whore for trash reality shows.
You have a problem.
We have a commercial for the next Xbox.
You take the good, you take the bad.
You take them both and there you have...
The 720.
The 720.
There's a time you gotta go and show your...
There's a time you get to play...
Oh yeah, Tootie was in that video for Boyz II Men.
What?
Tootie was in that video with Boyz II Men.
What was her name?
I just remembered she was Tootie.
I'm probably gonna horribly mispronounce this name, but it's Entitlitis.
Inflammation of the entitlement.
Entitlitis says, my first kiss, my first blowjob, my first red ring.
You never forget.
Did the red ring come after the blowjob?
That would be a whole other problem.
That means you need to go see a doctor.
Yes, Kim Fields, that was her. Thank you, Rama.
I knew Rama would remember.
Alright. Moving on, Dark Sakura.
So there was a big, horkin' interview about the PlayStation 3
and why there is a newer version out and what they think about 3D.
And they even admit the whole 3D TV thing is dying
because no one wants to wear the stupid glasses in their house.
So they're also looking that more and more people are going the visual route.
Not visual, the casual... casual visual.
It rhymes. Don't give me that look.
More people are going the casual route, so they're trying to do, you know,
with games, things that are a little bit more reflective of that.
And that's also contributing to the whole lack of the big 3D thing.
As far as how well the Vita's doing,
they say they're not gonna reduce the price this year.
That is probably gonna be sometime next year,
so it's not a matter of if it's when.
But definitely not this year.
And this... so really it's just more of what we knew.
I think it's just... I don't know if it's the fact that people don't want to wear glasses.
They don't want to buy $100 pairs of glasses for their fuckin' TV
and then they have to buy multiple pairs of those $100 glasses to, you know,
have their friends see it.
I saw a tweet from another podcasting friend on Twitter
and it said something that those 3D TVs were on sale at Best Buy this week
for like $199 or something.
Really?
I know, I was like...
Cool, were they teeny?
We, sir, I think at one point we were sitting on a bunch of their 3D displays.
I guess that didn't do too well, did it?
Yeah, who's gonna buy a $500 TV from Sony when it comes down in price? Sure.
Which it may have. I should check that out.
They were also saying that with the ones that are coming out in the UK,
there's a 500 gigabyte version that's out now
and then a 12 gigabyte version that's gonna be out on October 12th,
but that they're actually not setting the price of their own hardware in the UK.
It's the shops that are setting the price.
I don't really get that since it's their system, but...
Well, they gotta charge them a cost, so, I mean,
obviously the price is gonna be as low as they can get while making a profit.
And they're also trying not to be worried about the Wii U.
So, I'm not worried about the Wii U.
Well, of course, they're not gonna ever say openly,
why, yes, we're shitting our pants over the Wii U, actually.
They have nothing to worry about with the Wii U.
I know, no one has anything to worry about with the Wii U.
The Wii U doesn't have Ridge Racer!
You know, I am kind of shocked that it doesn't have Ridge Racer.
What, Namco, you couldn't, I don't know,
re-release Ridge Racer 6 again as Ridge Racer 8 or something?
Same damn tracks.
Oh, does that not fit into your plan of, you know,
releasing one track with, you know, half a car and you have to buy the rest later?
So, just throwing this out there, it's still on sale on Best Buy site,
$179.99 for the TV, MotorStorm Apocalypse, and glasses, and a little cable.
Eh, give it more time.
You think it could get even lower.
Black Friday's right around the corner.
Don't remind me, I'm going to hear about that for weeks from Dan.
Since I'm not working retail.
Yay.
Alright, let's move on, Loki.
Alright, well, while I contemplate getting a 3D TV, no actually I'm not.
They were kind of cool though, I've got to plan those a few times.
So, they have this new Xbox Live reward thing,
where they're allowing people with high gamer scores
to get some sort of points back on their live purchases.
And it's a whopping, I know you're going to get excited here,
it's a whopping 1% if your gamer score is over 10,000 points,
and 2% if it's over 25,000 points.
That's right, 2%.
Woo!
I'm getting excited already.
And of course, also, apparently if you have a gamer score of over 3,000,
you get a special gift during your birthday month,
which in the fine print says is only worth 25 cents.
Here's a quarter, call somebody who cares.
What about, it's probably going to be some stinkin' avatar item like a birthday cake.
It's stupid, I mean seriously, 1% back?
Okay, so you buy $100 worth of fuckin' Microsoft Point stuff
on the Xbox Live Marketplace, and you get a dollar.
That is fucking stupid.
The 25 cent gift is a free download of Rihanna's birthday cake for your Microsoft Zoom.
It's a fuckin' birthday hat.
I guarantee you it's a birthday hat.
That is it, for your avatar.
So that everyone can go, hey look, he has a birthday hat on.
Cool.
I want them to send me a quarter.
I want them to mail it to me.
If it has like a value, you want to be able to redeem it in or whatever.
So how is it that they can assign a value to that,
because there's no items on the marketplace that are a quarter?
Well, I always thought it was akin to like,
have you ever really read the fine print on a coupon?
Yeah, one one-hundredth of a cent.
One one-hundredth of a cent or one tenth of a cent is the actual cash value.
Like, maybe that's the actual cash value of a, you know,
40 point item in the marketplace or something.
It would be 25 cents.
That's just stupid.
Cool, thank you for, you know, the money back, I guess.
But at the same time, I'd rather have free games.
I don't know who this Entitelitis is,
but I like the comments from this individual tonight.
So I have 7,000 points.
What do I get, a coupon from Arby's?
No, no, the idea is to like, get you to be loyal,
not to like, scare you off.
Like, you know, a lifetime supply of horsey sauce.
Who's gonna spend a hundred dollars on DLC in a month?
I mean, that would basically be buying every single Xbox Live Arcade game
that comes out in a whole bunch of DLC.
I mean, those people are gonna have to be really sipping the, you know,
Microsoft Kool-Aid pretty vigorously.
That's like 30 premium boxes in Mass Effect.
Cause, you know, that's the new thing now, is free to play mechanisms.
Congratulations to all the FIFA hackers, you get some money back.
Yeah.
It's not so bad. Hey!
I got all this money stolen from me,
but hey, at least I got 40 Microsoft points back. Sweet!
It's not so bad anymore.
And a birthday hat! Yeah!
Maybe the hat's a fuckin' sign that says,
Sucker, you spent all this money.
You're an idiot.
Oh, boy. Alright, let's move on, talk about something in the PlayStation camp.
The PlayStation 3, you might be worried that soon your PlayStation 3
is gonna be a PlayStation brick, and it won't really be useful for anything anymore,
cause of course the PlayStation 4 is likely happening next year.
But don't worry, Sony will be supporting the PlayStation 3 through 2015 at least.
All things considered, that actually isn't a very long time.
Nope.
Well, when did it first, when did the system first come out, 2006?
This is about a nine year window.
So I guess that's not terrible.
That's not your fuckin' ten year life cycle that you promised me, I want my money back.
Uh-oh.
Dark Sucker, did you have a problem?
Your soap spat on my shirt. It left white foam on my shirt.
It likes you a lot.
I guess so.
Alright, anyhow, PlayStation 3, good for until 2015.
That will actually be the release date of The Last Guardian, apparently, is 2015.
2016.
That's what's targeted.
Obviously, there are all new PlayStation 3s that are out, so they want to, you know, re-emphasize,
you're not just buying something that's gonna suck in a couple years.
So, there you go.
We're gonna continue supporting the PlayStation 3 for the next few years, absolutely,
and we're going to continue supporting it not only that long,
but as long as there is a development spigot that's running hot.
Same thing with PlayStation 2.
It's kinda stuck around as that old warrior many years after its launch.
But there's still games launching for it.
That was a comment from John Kohler to GameSpot.
So, your PlayStation 3 will still be good through 2015.
I hope so. We've already had it for years and years.
What about the PlayStation 2, DarkSakura?
Well, there's actually some stuff going on for the PlayStation 2.
Did you realize that there's still a game coming out?
One whole game?
One whole game.
One game?
One whole game. One game that's going to be out in Japan.
Ooh, there will be one more game.
And it says that it's Final Fantasy XI.
I'm trying to pronounce this right because my screen is kind of screwing up.
Adullino Macchio?
Yeah, the English version is something like Something of Anderlin
or something is the English title.
Well, I mean, it's actually that my screen has a kind of a thing over the name
so I can't actually read it properly.
Scroll.
Well, no, it's not working.
Macchio.
Adullino Macchio.
So, yeah, it's an expansion for Final Fantasy XI.
It's the one that has geomancers and sword mages and all that stuff.
Final Fantasy XI, it's alright.
I know.
I can see why people are still playing it.
But we have pandas.
But it's funny that it's the one thing that keeps the PlayStation 2 going
because you can't really play it on the PlayStation 3.
I am so surprised it hasn't gotten free to play yet.
Me too.
If it went free to play, I'd play it again.
Who wouldn't?
I know a few people who wouldn't.
You know what? I told you what made me quit that game, right?
Being a white mage.
Get in the damn circle so I can cast the damn buff, dammit.
That's why it was better playing with Japanese players.
Fuck this, I'm teleporting Holla.
Yeah.
So I was just like, I'm done.
After all these years, you still can make jokes like that.
That game had quite an impression.
This is like, oh, you made a bad pull.
Eh, fuck you guys.
No heal and I'm out.
I also, though, did like watching the people run around in the leather underwear.
That was pretty funny.
Yeah, Sublegar. Always a good time.
They had Sublegar in XIV too,
which was probably the only interesting thing about Final Fantasy XIV.
Leather underwear.
SSJ-100 Matt in our chat room says,
Jamie, heal please. Protect please.
Bite my ass please.
Ah, good times.
At least it's not as annoying as it was in International Ragnarok Online.
Port, port please.
Port, and they follow you around going port, port, port, port.
Port, port please.
Hey, pretty impressive though, because the PlayStation 2 came out in, what, 2001?
And so its life cycle's been, what, 12 years if there's still a game coming out in 2013.
Although, let's be real.
It's like, there's been one game this year and one game next year.
It's on life support at this moment.
But hey, you know, there's still a great library of games for the PlayStation 2 that's worth checking out.
You probably still never played Final Fantasy XII.
And I'm never gonna.
Hey, it's not that bad.
You know, I have it. And I should sit down and play it.
You should. It's a good time.
But I also have pandas.
Balthier and Fran.
Pandas.
You would write fanfic about Balthier and Fran.
Pandas.
Fran's a bunny.
So?
Alright, let's move on.
Let's travel around the world and check out release dates for other systems.
Alright, this week actually there's a few things coming out.
I know that there's Resident Evil 6.
Some people might be looking forward to that.
That's coming out this week on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Also NBA 2K13 coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Wii.
Vita? No. No Vita.
But PSP for some goddamn reason.
Go2K for supporting PSP still.
Because no one else is.
And PC.
And then of course also from Nintendo we have a few games that probably no one will care about.
Crosswords Plus for the 3DS.
And Art Academy You Can Draw Everything.
I think that's what it's called.
Including a penis.
It said everything.
I think it's lessons for everyone.
But yes, it's You Can Draw Everything.
That's basically how I'm calling it.
Including a penis.
Including a penis.
And that is going to be on the 3DS as well.
Carry Command Gaia Mission on Xbox 360.
And what else do we have here?
Let's see here.
Oh, Command & Conquer The Ultimate Collection on PC.
17 Command & Conquer games in there.
Holy fuck.
That's a lot of Command & Conquer.
That's too much Command & Conquer.
Or is it over 17 years where the Command & Conquer.
I can't read the cover there.
Nope, 17 games.
Holy shit, that's pretty awesome.
50 bucks and you get all of the Command & Conquer games.
All the Red Alert games.
Generals.
Wow.
That's pretty sweet.
Ron Munnar says 17 Command & Conquer games.
Shut up and take my money.
You'll never get through it all.
I bought the entire XCOM collection out of similar logic on Steam.
I think I played one game for two seconds.
I did that with the Doom pack.
XCOM is fucking great though.
Also just to mention that they also have the Dynasty Edition of Resident Evil.
No, NBA 2K13 and also in case you really do love a lot of Resident Evil.
They have the archives and anthologies.
Which are basically all the games that are available on Xbox 360 or PS3.
Including the digital stuff like Resident Evil 1, 3, 4.
It's like all these random ones in there.
MXC1 to clarify in our chat room.
17 games but they're all digital.
Even if you buy the VOX you just get codes.
That's stupid.
I hate it when they do that now.
Thank you Origin! Thank you!
Thank you for sucking.
Fucking awesome.
That comment and more in our chat room.
Live.vognetwork.com
Oh and of course I should mention a week from today.
There's...
Pokemon Black 2 and White 2.
Someone might be interested in that.
No one I know likes that game.
Okay I have to digress for a moment.
Have you done any pet battles?
Yeah they're pretty fun actually.
I went and did that for like an hour.
But they will not let you according to our guildie Gwen.
They will not let you name your Phoenix hatchling Fox.
Well you know what's funny?
I have been naming all of my little pets after Mass Effect characters.
Shut up.
Because my priest is Dr. Chacwas right?
And so my kitty is Jack.
And I tried to name my little mechanical.
Like if you have a mechanical creature what are you going to name it?
Legion.
I was going to try and name it Legion.
It wouldn't let me name it Legion.
Because it's biblical.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
So I named it Geth Legion.
Still.
For the record Rob.
I did actually prove you wrong from something on Hoard House.
What?
I got Jane Shepherd.
On Proudmoore.
Oh.
Good for you.
Just saying.
Have a cookie.
Alright.
Going back to Jamie.
I like when the chat room taunts Jamie.
Well they do.
This is some Jamie taunting to get you to play Final Fantasy 12.
SG100Matt says, just tell her Garrus is in it.
No, Garrus isn't in it.
ActDef says, tell her it has Panda Corgi Garrus.
Ew.
That just is wrong.
No.
Although did you see the ferret effect?
Uh uh.
Oh yes I did.
No yes I did.
That was awesome.
That was pretty rad.
The listener of OLR.
I guess we can't take all the credit for it.
No it was in our Mass Effect secret community.
Fifth dream about the World of Warcraft expansion in our chat room says Mists of Pandiaria is
what my wife and I have been calling it.
That's pretty good.
I'm going to use that on Hoard House.
I'm going to call it Mists of Pandemic.
Mists of Pandiaria.
By the way, do you know what name I got for my Tauren Monk?
I'm really excited.
You told me.
Calvin.
That's awesome.
I told Dan and he just rolled his eyes.
You know what I got?
What?
I have Sunny Gummy.
Uh huh.
I love that name.
From Gummy Bears.
And then I have Shampoo.
Spelled X-I-A-N-P-U.
Oh hey, let's travel to Japan and check out release dates over there.
Coming up this Friday, October 4th, Biohazard 6, Resident Evil 6 of course, F1 2012 both
on the Xbox 360.
There is also a full Xbox 360 console, a 250 gig value pack, you know to try and like sell
some Microsoft Xbox 360s I guess.
I believe there are full consoles coming out too.
There's this Resident Evil 6 Premium Edition.
Oh no.
This is the one with the jacket, isn't it?
Do you know how much this fucker cost to import?
$1700 if you want to get this.
This is the Resident Evil 6 Premium Edition that comes with a full leather jacket.
Remember that?
That's happening in Japan this week.
But not a full metal jacket.
No.
I thought that was like with the console, but apparently not.
They're just releasing the console for those that want to buy the jacket too.
The jacket's pretty freaking rad.
Look at this girl wearing the jacket over her little polka dot dress.
It's cute.
I'd rather have the Mass Effect one.
Yes, we know.
Alright, going to the Playstation 3, I imagine it's mostly the same shit.
Yep, Resident Evil 6 or Biohazard 6 there as well.
You can even get a decoration seal set to decorate your Playstation 3 with Biohazard
symbols.
So your Playstation 3 can be a chick blowing a giraffe.
Wouldn't that be awesome?
F1 2012.
And you got right over there?
No, they just made me laugh.
Because I had mental imagery then.
World Soccer winning 11, 2013.
Well they just know everybody likes seeing pictures of chicks blowing giraffes and so
because of that they're going to immediately think of Resident Evil 6.
I know.
Now you can't unsee that.
Seriously, when you look at the Resident Evil 6 logo, it's all you'll ever see is a chick
blowing a giraffe.
You can't unsee that now that that's been said.
So if you hadn't already read that on the internet, there you go, you're welcome.
How about on the Nintendo 3DS?
Coming out this week, nothing.
But next week, the Nintendo 3DS LL, blue and black.
I'm assuming that is the XL over there in Japan, the LL.
There you go.
That's the Japanese release dates.
How about the UK, Dark Sakura?
Oh, a few things.
On the first, which it already is over there, Blade Guardian comes out on the iPad and iPhone.
And then on the second, Resident Evil 6, oh my god, you are so correct.
Right?
Well, I've tried, I've kind of been ignoring it.
Tried the R&C but you can't.
Because did you hear about the meat market that they did in London, by the way?
What?
For the release of that?
They did like a fake human meat market for Resident Evil 6 in East London.
It was all raccoon.
Ew!
No.
Have you seen that episode of It's Always Sunny?
No.
Yes, that was the first episode I ever saw of that show and I thought it was so stupid
I didn't watch it again for like two years.
It's really gross.
I almost put it in show roll, but it's really, really gross.
I'll just link pictures.
They had an arm that you could buy that was made out of prosciutto and pork.
The best, ew, that's gross.
The best episode ever.
You can also buy fake penises.
The best episode ever of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, besides Kittenman's, was the
episode where they take the road trip to the Grand Canyon.
That was my favorite.
I haven't seen that one yet.
Oh, it's fantastic.
But all the proceeds from this were going to the Limbless Association, so basically
for helping amputees.
Well, I guess that's cool that it had a, you know, a good cause at the end of the day.
So back to the releases.
What were you gonna say?
I was gonna say, actually I do think I did see the episode where they were all in the
U-Haul trailer or something like that.
Wasn't that the Grand Canyon one?
Yes.
Okay, okay.
Oh yeah.
That was hilarious.
Alright, on the 3rd of October is Hell Yeah, Wrath of the Dead Rabbit.
And the 4th is Anno2070 Deep Ocean.
And the 5th NBA 2K13.
So something every day this week.
Alright, couple more news stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week
where we'll reminisce about a classic game for the week.
But first, Loki.
And it's of the week, so.
So Notch, the, you know, wonderful creator of Minecraft, was asked by Microsoft to, you
know, perhaps urge him or nudge him in the direction of certifying his game to run in
Windows 8, you know, so that it would be on their closed platform.
And they even asked, hey, you can help certify, you know, Minecraft for Windows 8.
And you know, he said that he preferred not to have Minecraft run on Windows 8 at all
rather than to, you know, play along with what Microsoft wanted.
And basically, you know, said, no, I hope we can keep a lot of open and free platforms
around.
And if it was locked down Windows 8, it would be very, very bad for indie games and competition
in general.
If we can keep open platforms around, there's going to be a lot of very interesting games
in 10 years mixed in with huge AAA games that we all love.
I think it would have been, what they wanted it for is a good marketing thing so they can
show, hey, these are all the games that run on Windows 8.
They're certified for it in Minecraft.
Everyone recognizes Minecraft, but, you know, he doesn't want to do that.
Why would you?
I mean, you have a, basically, if you put your game on the Windows 8 App Store, I'm
assuming, they're going to try to take money from those purchases because, you know, it's
their closed app store versus he sells the game off his website, he gets all the profits
for it.
So why?
Yes, let me go ahead and give you some of that money for free for no apparent reason,
you know.
Of course, he's going to say no.
This is a little different when you're putting your game on, you know, the Xbox 360 where
no one that has an Xbox 360 can purchase the PC version of the game for their Xbox 360.
You just can't do that.
Rama in chat says, oh, for fuck's sake, Windows 8 is not locked down.
I'd like to explore this a little bit as well.
I mean, if I want to just write a silly little Windows program, I can do that.
Like, Windows 8 isn't going to, like, stop me from doing that, right?
I'm pretty sure you can.
I think it's just mainly it's the marketplace, the marketplace.
Yeah.
That's where it's more locked down because it's trying to combat piracy and all that,
right?
Yeah.
I'm just saying that's why they do it.
Windows, the operating system that is pirate proof.
No one pirates windows.
Please.
If I buy an operating system, someone should shoot me.
I don't buy operating systems.
I actually don't think I've paid for one in, like, 20 years.
Definitely not paying for Windows 8 because I'm not putting Windows 8 on any of my PCs.
Same here.
Well, we have a comment about this coming up in the Frugal Question of the Week a little
later when it comes to Windows 8.
I'm still really torn on it, like, I'm kind of like, there's things about it I might like
if I want to keep it simple, but I don't know.
There's a lot of mystery around it.
If there's anything that people, like, find about Windows 8 that they really must have,
someone's gonna fuckin' develop a program that runs in Windows 7 that does the same
damn shit.
I mean, probably does it better, so... no.
No thanks.
Not into it.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, danger.
Alright, well, if, you know, you don't want to use Windows 8, and for whatever reason
you don't want to use Windows 7 either, or any Microsoft platform for that matter, maybe
you're on Linux.
And of course, Linux is gonna be getting a pretty big boost for games soon in the form
of Steam.
Steam Linux Beta is going to be admitting 1,000 users throughout the month of October.
1,000 users will be testing the client, they also get one Valve game with that.
It's probably gonna be Left 4 Dead 2, because that, of course, is the game that they already
said would be on Linux.
The beta will support... and please forgive me if I mispronounce this, because I'm not
a Linux user...
Ubuntu?
Is that how you say it?
Yep.
Ubuntu 12.04 and above.
It is meant for people that are experienced with Linux.
So if you're like a Linux noob, maybe not so much.
Wait for a subsequent release when more features are implemented along with improvements to
the user install experience.
Now you use Linux Mint on that little lappy top of yours, right?
Any interest in using Steam on Linux Mint?
Yeah, I think so, but I'm not an in-depth programmer or anything like that, so I might
see if I can't get into it.
And what was your logic for using Linux Mint again?
First of all, it was a third the size of Windows on my netbook.
You can change your kernel on it, so if you want to have more graphics output or more
sound processing, you can basically choose how it's going to use the memory.
On top of that, you have basic, immediate root access to anything in your system.
On top of that, not many people do viruses for Linux.
It's respected, it's versatile, and the other thing that I really like is with Mint, there's
a software updater so that you can basically just look for any software that you want for
anything, and it's been tested that it will work on your build of Linux.
And what's specific about Mint?
It's just a really easy interface.
Do you just like the name Mint because it's minty fresh?
It's got a really easy to use interface, especially for anyone new to Linux.
It's a really good introductory into Linux.
Minty fresh scattles.
You remember that?
A 10-year-old joke from understation live.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Hey, you know, on my DeviantArt, I made a picture for mint scattles.
I'm going to find it now.
Did you post it to your live journal 10 years ago?
I probably did.
Actually, I think I made it before I had a live journal.
Or your Zonga.
I never had a Zonga.
Never had a Zonga.
Somebody brought up Zonga on the internet this week, and I was like, oh yeah.
I'm going to go find the mint scattles.
Hold on.
You know what I think started that conversation was the whole new MySpace.
Have you seen the new MySpace?
They're trying.
You mean Pinterest?
It's basically Pinterest.
But like, no, here's the thing.
Like when I log on to Pinterest, I'm like, I don't get it.
But I was looking at the new MySpace, I'm like, oh, okay.
So MySpace is Pinterest for dudes.
That's what it is.
Still won't use it.
I kind of use Pinterest.
Do you?
What do you pin on Pinterest?
Usually like recipes and supernatural and mass effect.
You're such a girl.
All right.
You know what?
I love the car.
The car really makes me happy.
All right.
Going a step further here with Steam.
Did I get the, oh yeah, sorry.
There's one other thing I wanted to say about Steam, and that is this game McPixel.
It is the first game to get greenlit by Project Greenlight.
It is now, excuse me, Steam Greenlight.
I believe Project Greenlight was a bad reality TV show many years ago.
Steam Greenlight did produce McPixel.
It is now available for $4.99.
It's 100 scenarios where the player has 20 seconds to prevent stuff from blowing up by
using available tools.
It's awesome.
It's basically don't shit your pants, it looks like.
It's really awesome.
Is it?
It's ridiculous.
Yeah.
Did you play it?
Yeah.
I beat the whole game.
I have it on my phone.
Nice.
Yeah.
I paid for it and it was ridiculous.
It looks like a junior-senior music video, kind of.
It's basically a cross between those point-and-click LucasArts games, MacGyver, and something really
retarded.
I don't know.
It's just like, the guy, the guy's just, a lot of the puzzles are solved by kicking people
in the nuts.
It's so noted.
OMG, spoiler.
Spoiler.
Well, if you, which puzzles though?
I mean, sometimes kicking people in the nuts just does nothing other than kick them in
the nuts.
Oh, I'm going to kick somebody in the nuts.
Yeah, seriously.
See if it works.
Alright, let's take a trip down memory lane to a much simpler time, a time when kicking
people in the nuts wasn't always the way to beat the game, unless it was Double Dragon.
It's the classic game of the week, a chance for Dark Soccer to take a trip down memory
lane, go in the vault and find one game that she thinks, hey, brats, play this and shut
up.
Seriously.
I'm going to post the Mint Scabbles picture in chat.
You found it that quick.
I did it ages.
It was on my deviantart, duh.
I did it a long time ago, though.
Along with your, uh, Garris Shep picks.
You know what?
I haven't done any Garris Shep picks.
I'm actually getting, when did I do this?
Like, years ago.
Anyway.
Here we go.
Classic of the week.
What'd you pick, Dark Soccer?
I picked Donkey Kong Country.
Good pick.
So we have to actually play the beginning music because it's the best.
How many of us cheered when we heard that?
Yay.
Fuckin' love this game.
Oh, Rare.
Oh, Rare.
So, um, I also have to say it's funny because, yeah, I do actually use Wikipedia for some
of my references.
And I'm like, DKC redirects here.
For the genetic disease, see, dyskeratosis congenita.
It just made me laugh for some reason.
I was like, what is that?
Sounds like something to its skin.
Anyway, um, Donkey Kong Country was made by Rare.
It came out on the SNES on November 21st, 1994.
It was the first Donkey Kong game that was not produced or directed by Miyamoto.
It was done by Tim Stapler.
By some dude.
Um, this game was really cool.
There was so much going on with this one.
It's a big platformer at 40 side-scrolling levels.
The Game Boy Color version had 41.
And you basically have to rescue your bananas that's been stolen by krumlings.
So you can jump on the tops of trees, you can swing from vines,
you can ride rhinos and bust holes in walls.
You can do all kinds of stuff.
And you can spell out K-O-N-G.
And get extra life balloons.
You can do all kinds of stuff.
I love the rhino.
And I like that you can ride a barrel and just not shit over while you're riding the barrel.
So you can play as Donkey Kong or his nephew Diddy.
And you can switch between them.
Diddy is more agile but not as powerful.
And you have, like I said, you've got Rambi the rhino,
Espresso the ostrich,
Enguarde the swordfish,
Winky the frog,
and Squawks the parrot.
I want to know who thought of those names because those are some dumb names.
You have two player mode.
So you can do contest or team.
So contest, you basically take turns beating the level as fast as possible.
And team, you play together.
You work together. One of you is Donkey, one of you is Diddy.
And you can track your progress during the map.
You basically can meet other members of the Kong family.
And you can go to other parts of the map by chatting with Funky Kong.
I want to know where he got that name.
Now Bobby Black Wolf and Chad is threatening to throw a fit if I do not play the underwater music.
So here you go, some underwater music.
Oh, I love this music.
Here you go.
So, anyway, it was really, it was all done in 3D as far as actually how the characters themselves were designed.
So it was meant to have a 3D appearance to it.
And it also borrowed the red necktie that was used in the Game Boy version of Donkey Kong.
And that's pretty much become the standard now.
So basically, until 2002, Nintendo credited Rare with that design of Donkey Kong.
So, I mean, it was really just a fantastic game.
It was lots of fun. There were different ways to play through each level.
You had secret rooms that you could get. You had all kinds of different things that were going on.
You had all the balloons you could...
Oh, stop calling me whoever you are.
I'm actually just going to hang up on them.
I'm hanging up on you.
Who was it?
I don't know. 800 number.
But yeah, we've got people who love, like Bobby was saying, the underwater music is absolutely gorgeous.
It had really fun music.
In fact, when I was going through looking for the music, Dan was like popping along with it and forgetting Borderlands.
So that was pretty funny.
So yeah, it's really, I mean, there was a Game Boy Color version that came out that had a new level that was...
It was in Chimp Caverns called Necky Nutmare, which was a really freaking weird name.
And Candy Kong doesn't run the save points anymore.
So it also came back out on the Virtual Console for the Wii on December 7th, 2006, and in Europe on December 8th.
And North America on the 19th of February, 2007.
There were sequels. There were other ones.
There was Donkey Kong Country 2, Diddy Kong's Quest.
There was three, Dixie Kong's Double Trouble, Donkey Kong 64, and Donkey Kong Country Returns.
So, that was it.
This is some dude playing it on his piano I just see in the related videos.
Nice.
Not bad.
So that's it.
There you go.
Classic game of the week.
Donkey Kong Country.
That happens when you try to say all those words too fast.
Oh, good times.
Okay, so I have to go back to Pandas real quick.
Please.
I found an NPC called Chef Yan or something.
Or Cookmaster Yan.
So I've been going back and watching episodes of Walk with Yan.
And Yan can cook.
But it was Walk with Yan that made me laugh because the guy had this apron that had all of the funny sayings on it.
So I've actually been...
Actually, WoW has gotten me cooking.
Got me cooking.
There you go.
Alright.
I think it's time for a break.
But don't go anywhere, guys.
When we come back, there is plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come.
We're getting through tonight's show kind of fast, which is weird.
The recent shows have been very long.
But hey, it happens sometimes.
But we do have plenty more to come in Part B, including rapid fire news, the FUGO Question of the Week, and emails and your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
You know what? The number didn't work a couple weeks ago.
That's why we were short on some calls the last time we were truly live on a Sunday night.
That's all fixed tonight.
So I'm sure people will be getting in.
Of course, you can always use the old-fashioned Skype line.
Orange Lounge Radio. All one word.
We'll be doing that in a little while when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live at vognetwork.com with the 475th episode of our show for this September the 30th of 2012.
We're going to get into some rapid fire news here to start us off with the second half of our show.
If you are listening live to us, we are live every Sunday night, of course, at vognetwork.com.
Be sure to join us in chat. Live.vognetwork.com.
And Loki's going to start off the rapid fire news.
Alright, so let's see. Let's talk a little bit about a game we've been kind of talking fondly about.
And I didn't say that you played it, so I'm not sure how good it is.
But Tokyo Jungle just came out on the PlayStation Network last week, I believe.
And, of course, one thing that people might be waiting for is remote play, so you can actually take Tokyo Jungle on the go.
And that is coming. They're going to be patching it into the game so that you can play it on the Vita.
That's pretty awesome.
I haven't had a chance to play Tokyo Jungle yet, and I'm really upset because it's one of those games I really wanted to check out.
But I've been hearing it's not bad.
I want to play it.
Yeah, me too.
They have a picture of an elephant with roller skates on, so I mean...
How could that be bad?
How could that possibly be bad?
Yeah.
And, of course, there's a new indie bundle that you can check out. It's the Indie Royale.
They're doing their Oktoberfest bundle, and it features a bunch of different things in there, including Zoe Mode's Chime,
all three episodes of Hector, Badge of Carnage by Telltale Games,
the Smudged Cat Games' Adventures of Shuggy, and also Dangerous High School Girls in Trouble.
Yep.
That sounds like a winner.
And I guess if you spend more than $8 on the bundle, you'll also get two Chiptune albums by the Save States, Calm Your Nerves and Chip Undeath.
So, it's pretty sweet.
And I guess you can pay the minimum price, which I guess is $5.21.
Humble Bundle 6 is still going, right?
Yeah, they've got some cool stuff with that, too. I think they added some more games to that.
They did. You can get Bit.Trip Runner now.
Wizorb. Oh my god, I already bought all these games.
I have Wizorb already because I got it in the Kickstarter for their new one that they've got.
Oh, well, I can't be too upset. I mean, I paid money for really good games.
Just means I'll have to give away a copy of Wizorb at some point.
No, because if you cash them in on Steam, then you don't get to use...
Well, I understand that, but I still have two Steam codes for it.
Oh, nice. Okay. Yeah, you should give one away. It's a good deal.
Good deal. One day left, by the way.
And last but not least, a game I'm very excited about.
Earth Defense Force 3 Portable came out in Japan this week.
And not to be outdone by that, D3 of America decided,
Hey, guess what? Earth Defense Force 2017 Portable is coming to the US.
Fuck yeah!
John, Loki was very happy.
So that should be coming, hopefully, winter 2013, I believe, which will probably be the first three months of next year.
Oh, that's a... Oh, okay. I was like, winter 2013?
Yeah, yeah. Remember, it's considered fall.
Oh, that's not too bad of a wait.
No, no, not at all.
That's good.
And that'll just bide me some time until they even show more trailers for Earth Defense Force 4.
A reason for you to own a CD.
And apparently the people that played it at the Tokyo Game Show say it's actually pretty good.
Like, they actually added physics this time around, and, you know, the details a little bit better, and...
Wait, they're trying to legitimize?
No, seriously, I don't care. It doesn't matter. It's sandbox making the game. It's gonna be awesome.
I have no doubt it's gonna be awesome.
But hey, a Vita game I can actually look forward to.
That's something that doesn't happen very often.
I still need to get LittleBigPlanet Vita.
Yeah, me too.
Alright, moving on. With some rapid-fire news over here.
I think we talked about this briefly on the show before, but it is coming out.
It's dated Giana Sisters Twisted Dreams.
The Giana Sisters is a series that dates all the way back to the Commodore 64,
when the game was pulled off the shelf for being too similar to Mario Brothers.
Like, really, really similar. They kind of had a point.
But since then, it always had a bit of a cult following, because the music was very different,
and the music was very, very good.
And now, the series has had a cult following ever since then.
They had the DS game not that long ago.
Well, now there was a Kickstarter, and the success of that, Giana Sisters Twisted Dreams,
will come out on PC October 23rd.
I don't know if this trailer has any of the music in it.
Yes.
They show it a little bit in the trailer about the shifting between different worlds.
Yeah, yeah.
And the music changes when you switch, too.
Oh, that's pretty cool.
So, they're saying it's like a platformer Igaruga, almost.
Okay. That's kind of a neat concept, and certainly, you know, very different than the Mario and all that.
They have a demo out there you can check out for free.
I actually backed it, so I'm getting a full copy of the game when it comes out.
Nice. Xbox Live and PlayStation Network versions are planned for early 2013,
which this looks like it'll be a pretty kick-ass little platformer there, so...
Yeah.
Very cool.
Congrats to the team there for getting that out.
The final title was voted upon by the community.
Twisted Dreams got 76% of the vote, so the community named this game.
Yeah, I totally missed that.
Broken Sword Kickstarter.
It did not hit beneath a Steel Sky 2 goal, but a sequel is going to happen anyway.
Here's what happened.
Revolution Software, they asked for $400,000 to kickstart the fifth installment of Broken Sword,
called Broken Sword the Serpent's Curse.
The Kickstarter closed with $771,000, so that's good.
They way out did that.
Now, there were stretch goals after getting the initial amount.
The $1 million goal would have greenlit a sequel to Beneath a Steel Sky.
However, they're going to go ahead and do it regardless of the stretch goal,
because, quote,
We are delighted by the recent level of interest in a sequel to Beneath a Steel Sky,
and are currently discussing ideas for this project,
which we plan to go into development following the release of Broken Sword the Serpent's Curse.
So, there you go.
The original game dates all the way back to 1994.
Well, that's pretty cool.
If you're a fan of OC Remix, and this is another Kickstarter project,
Final Fantasy VI, its overclocked remixed Final Fantasy VI album,
there was a Kickstarter for it, it was shut down,
and it was shut down after it had already gone past the target goal.
It was pulled because of copyright infringement claims.
But apparently, all those issues have been worked out.
The fundraiser is back.
Final Fantasy VI Balance and Ruin is a five-disc Final Fantasy VI celebration,
but the fifth disc is Final Fantasy VII Voices of the Lifestream in full.
It's going to be released in December for free, as these albums usually are.
The Kickstarter is just a way to do physical copies to do for prizes, or at events, or what have you.
It's apparently trying to raise $30,000, but with 29 days left to go, they are looking pretty good.
So, there you go.
You have to donate at least $50 if you want the actual physical collection.
Let's hope, for act-def's sake, there's another Chocobo wrap on it.
That would be phenomenal.
Alright, let's move on, Dark Sakura.
Chocobop.
There's a whole little, I love this song he wrote about...
Or, I love this song? Question mark.
This song's okay.
Alright, Final Fantasy Star Online 2 is free-to-play on the Vita.
Yay!
It needs to be free-to-play on PC!
Well, free-to-play on the Vita...
That's in Japan.
Hopefully that's here, too.
Yeah, but it was on the Phantasy Star Fan Blog that Vita players will be able to play with PC players.
There's going to be certain lobbies open to both.
And then, Arcade Heroes.
Had a thing about the Family Fun Arcade closing January 2013.
Why must arcades close?
They don't make money.
Oh, shut up. That's no excuse.
I think this particular one, that wasn't the case, though.
The guy had been running it for 30-plus years, and I think they said he's having health and personal problems.
So I actually don't think, in this case, it was a money thing.
Yeah.
But it was a landmark arcade. I mean, it was a big deal.
Yeah, one of the big ones.
But, it was a big home for fighting games, too.
Because, I mean, there are just a bajillion of them at this particular arcade.
And then, Prison Architect.
Basically, they had a paid alpha version, and they made more than $100,000 in 72 hours.
The first 72 hours of the alpha going on sale.
Maybe we should eat our words about Kickstarter and start one, because apparently everybody's making money on there.
Just kidding.
Maybe you are.
Ha ha ha ha.
Okay. That's up.
Alright, let's go to the Fugu question of the week.
Every week we ask a question in our Facebook and Google fan communities.
And we answer them. Read the answers for you here.
Right on the show.
This week it's all about Windows 8.
The creator of Minecraft had some strong things to say about Windows 8 this week.
With the release of Windows 8 only about a month away, how do you feel about Windows 8?
Is it something you're picking up?
Do you think it will help or hurt PC gaming?
Now, I didn't want to keep it only about Windows, because I knew if I did that, somebody would say,
Fuck Windows. I'm on Linux. Fuck Windows. I'm on Mac.
So there was kind of a two-part question.
Well Mac, you don't have a choice. You just have to upgrade when they come out with a new one.
Otherwise your computer will stop working.
Since we are sure there are some Mac OS and Linux users out there too,
what is it about your operating system that makes you prefer to use that?
Do you ever feel there's a lack of games on your OS of choice?
So let's go to Google Plus first.
I haven't heard from this guy in a long time, Evan E.
I used to know him when he lived out here.
He answered the question saying,
I use Linux for many reasons, but games are not one of them.
I'd say, however, that there's been a radical change in the last year for the Linux gaming scene.
I don't know if it's even visible to people on other OSes,
but it seems like a ton of games are being put out routinely for Linux now.
I think the indie scene becoming better funded plus Kickstarter helped,
but the pending arrival of Steam is the real sign that things are changing for those of us using Linux.
And, of course, all Android devices run Linux, but that's a different world of gaming.
Now if only the RTS scene would get out of the niche rut it's been in for a decade, I'd be happy.
I do want to add something, actually, Rob.
You know that a lot of 3D design is done in Linux.
Like all of DreamWorks, they use their own proprietary software in Red Hat.
That's cool.
Flaco Jones responded on Google Plus saying,
I own PCs and Macs and use both at work.
I have a little experience with Windows 7 on some of our work PCs
and I can't stand it.
Maybe I was just too used to XP, which I do like.
I love all the Mac OSes I've used.
There isn't a lot of variation between them.
They are always stable, fast, and I know how to find everything.
Plus the shortcuts for opening, closing, and switching between multiple folders are awesome.
I do wish there were more games for Mac,
because whenever I do play on a Mac it feels a lot smoother than the PC version,
even though my PC has slightly better specs.
ActDeft replied on Google Plus saying,
The Win 8 Metro UI, look at all these people on Google Plus this week,
is possibly one of the worst things ever made for a PC.
That interface is made for a tablet and it would totally work for that really well,
but not for a keyboard and mouse.
Also considering a lot of games already have really strict DRM in them,
Win 8 adding that call home thing for apps is going to be a torture
if your internet connection goes down or something.
I'm currently using Win XP.
I may upgrade to Win 7 if possible, but definitely not to Win 8.
Facebook.
I love this nickname.
I Am Super Lazy replied and said,
It's really a wait and see when it comes to Windows 8.
My thought is that it works best as a media center PC,
but as a traditional PC it might fail when it comes to the traditional office.
There might be better options.
Code Man said, I'm a graphic designer so I use Macs,
but I've seen Windows 8 and I'm really just plain unhappy with it.
You might as well just use your Xbox 360 as a PC now because the interfaces are one and the same.
What happened to the Windows XP days?
The good old days.
The only thing that sucks about the Mac OS is that there's pretty much no games on it
and if you use Steam you're really shit out of luck.
You really shouldn't be talking bad about the Xbox 360 interface right now
because it's going to turn into that interface with the fall update.
Of course.
I'm not looking forward to it.
VX Jason XV.
Windows 8 is really only a problem for people who don't regularly use computers.
Any gamer who would care about the things Gabe N and Notch have talked about
will eventually set it up and if they don't already,
quickly learn how to turn off the don't call it Metro interface
on Windows 7 again.
Windows 8 means nothing for the desktop and everything for the Surface.
Any gamer that owns or runs a non-Windows platform
has complained about the lack of games at one time or another.
Even boot campers moan when they have to switch OS just to play.
I'm always disheartened when I only see the Windows icon on a title on Steam
and I'm always so delighted when they both are there.
No Mac exclusives as far as I know of.
That's surprising to me.
I'll be awfully surprised if Steam does in fact appear on Linux in the next 365 days,
even two years.
I don't expect it to happen.
Hmm.
Picaruno says I've not used Windows 8 yet but from what I've seen it looks messy.
I'm not sure it'll go down well with the hardcore users or the casuals.
I also won't be seeing it work anytime soon.
We only just migrated to Windows 7.
Yeah, we're still on XP at my work.
And we just upgraded from like NT like three years ago.
I'm a Mac user at home and have always preferred consoles to play on
even back when I had a PC.
Macs have World of Warcraft.
That's pretty much the only PC game I really care about.
I just dislike the amount of wrestling you give to Windows
to make it do the work you wish it would do on its own.
Tigerclaw says personally I don't think you would notice any performance increase
going from Windows 7 to Windows 8.
Windows 8 seems to be more about the aesthetics.
Most of the complaints I've heard about Windows 8 are more about the UI
and that they've gotten rid of the start button in favor of a Metro style UI
that's similar to the Xbox 360 dashboard and Windows Phone.
I hate though actually about the UI real quick.
It's the mouse gestures that you have to do to get things to work.
Really?
Yeah, because remember it's made for tablets
so you have to do mouse gestures to get shit to pop up and stuff.
Fuck that.
Game companies like Valve complained about how Windows 8 isn't good for PC gaming.
Let's get to an interesting comment here from Technus.
With all due respect for the creator of Minecraft,
I think he needs to get off his high horse.
Apparently from the way I understand the story
is that he fears that with Windows 8
it will mark the beginning of the Windows platform being more closed.
He states that he would not have his game run on Windows 8 at all
than work with Microsoft which I think is a very bad decision.
It seems like he thinks that the Microsoft App Store
is going to be the be-all end-all for applications
and that he is getting his game certified for it
but is basically contributing to the so-called walled garden.
It's funny because last time I checked
his game is freely downloadable off his website
and it's on Xbox Live Arcade, iOS, Android.
But wait, isn't Xbox Live Arcade, iOS App Store, and Google Play closed app stores
that you have to go through a certification process
to get your app on there in the first place?
It's almost, to me, he sounds like a complete hypocrite.
I mean, what in the hell is wrong with me being able to run the game
for the Microsoft App Store and having the icon appear
on the Windows 8 start screen where I can just go
and it's right there when I start the PC up?
Hell, last time I checked you are not being held up at gunpoint
to buy Windows 8. Interesting point.
But I think the thing is though is for all those three platforms that you mentioned
there are no alternatives to being able to purchase that from his website.
Like he cannot sell you a copy from his website.
Maybe you can for Android because I know you can do third party apps and stuff like that.
But for everything else you cannot buy straight from his website.
Isn't some of that contracted out too?
Because technically he didn't develop the Xbox Live version.
Yeah, that was 4J. 4J Studios did.
But here's the thing, it's like why, once again,
why would he give Microsoft a portion of his profits
to have the game on their App Store?
Which, let's be honest, they had the whole Windows Live App Store thing
and did anyone give a shit about that? Nope.
So why bother doing that when he can get all the profits
and have people get the game the same way that he's done right now?
And if you think about it too, let's look at it even deeper.
Microsoft charges for updates on your games.
And how often is Minecraft updated? About once a week.
You know, granted those are beta updates and stuff like that,
and you don't have to download them, but it's updated fairly regularly.
So why would he want to pay money to do that?
That's the same reason why his game's not on Steam,
because he just doesn't want to mess with that crap.
Fair question. Okay.
Just a few more answers here from Zether.
It says Windows 8 is like Vista.
Every other release of Windows has been bad for the past few years.
I'd rather wait for Windows 9. So they're like Star Trek movies.
Seriously, it is. Every other release seems to be kind of terrible.
That's a bummer, because that means the next Star Trek movie is going to be bad.
And I don't want it to be bad.
But maybe.
We might, we might.
After seeing a few things going on, and it's got Sherlock Holmes in it. I mean, just saying.
Wait a minute. I thought Sherlock Holmes was on CBS now.
No. No.
Wait, you mean Lucy Liu isn't Watson?

I love getting those fans riled up with those comments.
Actually, I've seen, my friend's been trying to get me into it,
so I'm going to start watching the BBC one.
But after the little bit I watched, I was like, oh, this is actually brilliant.
They should have Lucy Lawless as Watson.
Nice. Alright, Hitstun says, Windows 8 reminds me of Vista 2, and PC users will certainly skip it,
and the UEFI motherboards that will prevent other operating systems from booting.
What the hell? UEFI motherboards that prevent other operating systems from booting? Really?
Yeah. Lame.
Windows 8 looks pretty bad for a typical PC application that you use with a keyboard and mouse,
and if it's like the current Xbox 360 dashboard, it's awful for games, too.
It does look like a fine interface for touch screens,
and if they decide to make a phone that runs the full PC version of Windows 8, I'd probably go for it.
People treat their phones like computers nowadays,
so a phone running a full computer OS specialized for touch screens sounds really cool.
It's just not going to replace Windows 7 on my desktop.
And lastly, Sean L. replies, saying, Windows 8 is fucking terrible.
I couldn't even figure out how to shut the computer down,
and I write software for a living.
If they can't even get basic UI right, how can it be good for games?
I did not hear a lot of people in that on board with Windows 8, like one or two, maybe.
Wow. Very interesting.
Alright, that's it for the football question of the week.
How about you guys? Windows 8? Yes? No? Maybe so?
Never. Never? Why?
Unless they make it like Windows 7.
Honestly, I got so mad when Dan decided he was going to upgrade me from Windows 2000
into whatever the hell one came after that.
XP or Vista?
XP. Because I actually had to get a new computer.
Because something happened and it fucked up my hard drive.
I think my hard drive was already going out because I know that an OS just won't screw it up automatically, but still.
I hated Vista.
I really like Windows 7, because it took the stuff that was good in Vista,
took actually a few bits and pieces from memory management from Linux, and it's pretty solid.
On top of that, I am super happy that Adobe has been actually getting their shit together for the PC users,
and have made the 64-bit versions of the full CS suite actually really good and really usable,
and those compatibility issues between Mac and PC, they're just not there like they used to be.
The only problems I ever have is going from 6 to 5.5, because I used 6 at school.
That being said, I would like to see more game support on Mac.
I mean, it's a really good OS. A lot of people use it.
It's got great graphical management, clearly, because that's what is the industry standard for anyone who's in graphics.
However, I do think that Linux also should have the attention, being that it actually is a lot more versatile.
You really can do a lot more with Linux. I think that Linux should really replace both of them, but that's just me.
That's just me. Don't shoot me or anything.
Windows 8, it's basically, Microsoft has this whole micromanagement thing,
and Windows 8 is really going to limit, it's basically going to be the PC for idiots.
Except, you know, we've already had people trying to get in and trying to figure out how to do things, and it's just not working.
It's, I don't like to let anything have that much control over my system.
Yeah, my favorite is the guy who develops software that can't get his computer to shut off. That's pretty telling right there, in my opinion.
Yeah, I just, I can't get behind taking that much of the control out of the user's hands.
It really is going to be the idiot's PC, the idiot's computer.
Loki?
Why can't we just get people to learn how to use PCs, like back in, you know, the 90s and 80s?
I need Mavis Beacon to come over here and teach me how to type.
I mean, seriously, it's like, come on, the people growing up with PCs nowadays are fully aware of how to use them, I think.
You know, kids growing up probably know a little bit more than their parents did about how to run PCs,
but yet, why are we like, you know, trying to get these people, like the elderly, to purchase these brand new devices that they're not going to really use?
I know, it's because it's the elderly and they'll buy shit. I guess that's it.
Got that, you know, retirement money burning a hole in the through their pocket, I guess.
And Raman, no, a PC for idiots is not a Mac. A PC for idiots is Windows 8. End of story.
You actually have to have some degree of intelligence to use Mac OS.
And no, I would not buy it. I'm not getting a Windows 8.
I'm going to take the wait and see approach that somebody else said. I'm going to be honest, this is going to make me sound ridiculous, but I don't care.
The fact that Blizzard hates it makes me really, or at least, you know, indicates that from some comments that have been made, makes me really nervous because obviously I need my PC to play World of Warcraft flawlessly, and yes, that is a big deal.
Shut up.
For once, I'm not judging you.
If your computer's not broke, if your Windows 7 or whatever's not broke, why are you going to go about replacing it?
Just wait. Wait for Windows 9 or something else.
Alright, well, for the first time in a while, since we were running good on time tonight, I read every single answer on Facebook and Google+.
Good job.
So there you go. If you want to answer next week's question, make sure you're a part of the community, either at Google+, at Orange Lounge Radio, and Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's get back into some news. Loki.
One thing. Brad cannot talk about the iPad being an idiot's PC because it's the only reason that I don't have a Cintiq yet.
Alright. So, there's a word out there, a phrase out there, that's kind of abundant in the video game and anime community. It's called fan service.
And what do fans want? Well, in Dead or Alive 5, it's bigger breasts.
Amen to that.
Team Ninja, they were saying that, you know, earlier this year, we were actually trying to focus on the real women that surround us and being realistic in the character designs.
Where's the fun in that?
However, we were getting feedback from the overseas offices to tone down the sexuality and tone down the sexiness of the game and stuff like that.
But, the fans who had played the early demos, we got a lot of feedback from them saying, we want bigger breasts. Make the characters more like that.
That was kind of surprising, giving, you know, the suggestions to tone down the sexuality.
And, so, Team Ninja being Team Ninja.
Look, Team Ninja, props for, like, trying to do the right thing, and I understand, but let's be real.
Gold star, you tried.
Let's be real, Dead or Alive is all about excess, and, like, if you take the tits out of Dead or Alive, you have a pretty mediocre fighting game.
Then you have Virtua Fighter.
And a really shitty volleyball game.
No, no, no, no, because Virtua Fighter is shit. I hate Virtua Fighter. I love Dead or Alive.
Now, how do you feel about bigger boobs?
I'm all for it.
Can you imagine?
Confirmed on Orange Lounge Radio. Even the women want bigger boobs.
Can you imagine, like, Dead or Alive Xtreme Beach Volleyball with toned down breasts? Fuck that. Nope, not buying it.
Well, you know what? But, hey, you know what? I don't want small-chested women to feel, you know, there's fan clubs for that, too.
The itty-bitty titty committee. There's fan clubs for that, too.
But, in this particular circumstance, Dead or Alive is all about the big tits.
It really is.
I really think we should, like, you know, ramp up Dead or Alive Xtreme Beach Volleyball 3 with, like, hardcore orgy scenes or something like that.
Dead or Alive Beach Volleyball is like dress-up for dudes.
That's why I'm saying we throw the orgy and sex and nudity and all the X-rated content in there.
It's girly dress-up for dudes.
Because then it's girly dress-up to then have them take it off and have sex with each other.
You've already got the butt-floss string.
Yes, but, you see, they're not having sex with each other, so that's the problem.
I really want there to be a part three with pillow-fight mode. I think that would be a lot of fun.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
And, like, as you're doing pillow-fight mode, like, pieces of clothing, just, oh.
Pillow-fight mode? Using Connect.
No, we don't have panda boobs. Shut up.
Why are they talking about pandaren in chat?
I don't know.
Furry boobies.
That might take you out of the experience a little bit.
Alright.
Well, I can't wait for Dead or Alive 5.
Moving on.
This is the story that just won't go away. Remember 38 Studios and how they closed?
And how the state of Rhode Island basically owns them because of the whole loan situation?
Well, Rhode Island was going to try and auction off the Xbox developer kits.
Because, you know, that's what happens.
Those things never leak out.
When they liquidate you, they auction all that shit off.
So, they were going to sell those on October 23rd when the auction was slated to happen.
However, Microsoft is requesting that Rhode Island return those developer kits.
Or what?
And they say that those kits do belong to Microsoft.
Quote, Xbox 360 development kits are the property of Microsoft and are only licensed to authorized studios and may not be assigned or sold to any third party without the written consent of Microsoft.
We will be contacting the appropriate parties involved in the auction of 38 Studios assets to remove the XDK units from the auction listing and to secure the return of the consoles to Microsoft.
Here's something kind of scary though.
If you think about it, we have the whole thing where stuff is licensed.
You know, you license a game from...
So, I mean, this is just totally tinfoil hat scenario here, but what's to stop Microsoft from saying,
Hey, yeah, you know those Halo 4 games you guys bought from us? Yeah, we need those back.
You licensed it, so you need to send them back.
Or, you know that electronic copy of the game you have? Yeah, well, the license is up. Yank.
Fun. But yeah, seriously, those XDKs do get out there.
I would know from personal experience.
And how much approximately would one set you back?
Not very much anymore because now that there's the whole reset glitch consoles and J tags are pretty out there, there's not much use for XDKs anymore.
Like 300, 400. Oh, that's not too bad.
I wonder what bargain basement prices they would have gone for in this auction.
Interesting.
Alright, well, moving on, Dark Soccer.
Well, I was actually playing with my iPad. Yeah, I can tell.
Pay attention! Hey!
I will confiscate your iPad and you can have it back after class. You can't. How about a really trippy ass game?
Called Middens.
Kitten Middens.
I was just looking at the pictures of this game and it is absolutely freaking gorgeous.
It basically is an indie RPG, so it's got, it's all pixelated sprites, but with some very trippy ass backgrounds.
So it looks like you're running, you know, head first through a combination of a Dali or even, you know, going back to Hieronymus Bosch.
Yeah, I know. I'm going all art history on you guys.
It's really freaking trippy, but it's a game that I really think that I want to play.
Basically, when you start off the game, you find a gun with a mouth and an eye.
Yeah, so basically just don't take acid while you play this, because it's really fucking weird.
Well, at least you get a gun.
And you can try it out for free.
I like free.
Yep, so I'm going to play the hell out of this game.
Well, I expect a full review on next week's show.
You can expect your review, but I'll be at Disneyland.
Oh, that's right. You're not here next week.
That's right. I'm going to be at Disneyland.
It's all right. She won't play it anyways by next week.
She'll be like, oh, I had to play Mass Effect again for my other friend who can't play it themselves.
No, I'm just playing for Becky.
There you go. We should start a foundation.
We should. We should start a foundation.
Mass Effect for those who cannot Mass Effect.
We'll play Mass Effect for money.
It's the Make a Mass Effect Foundation. I shouldn't. I'm not making fun, but I'm making fun of Jamie playing nothing but Mass Effect 24-7.
I don't play 24-7. I basically play Mass Effect once a week.
Sorry, 12-7, and then the other 12-7 is...
Pandas! Shut up.
My bad.
Well, I do play the Mass Effect thing on my iPad.
Actually, Bobby Black Wolf is volunteering. He needs that foundation, so he needs you to play Mass Effect for him.
That means that he has to come over to my house.
Well, remember, remember, if we get the podcast award win this year, he's going to come have a beer with us during our marathon show.

And so we'll marathon Mass Effect during the show.
The Church of Garish Foundation. Thank you, ass-deft, which came from chat purely because we were talking about burritos. Now they're little asses.
Also, AlphaKananagram asked about me having an iPad. Yeah, I didn't actually bring it up on the show.
Dan traded his Transformer for an iPad for me because he bought a new graphics card, power supply, and got Borderlands 2, and I was really pissed off that he spent all that money and didn't buy me an iPad.
So he made it up to me.
He traded a Transformer? Like a doll?
No, he traded his shitty android shit.
He didn't like it anyway.
I was like, Dan just had a Transformer doll that was worth $400.
We've got one that's worth a couple hundred.
Alright, I get it now, sorry.
But anyway, Dan didn't really care for it anyway. He was going to sell it.
Just because I'm on this show doesn't mean I'm smart.
But he didn't really, like I said, he didn't really care for it, and he was going to sell it anyway, so he got me an iPad instead.
What do you think this is, RobG4?
I'm just a pretty face.
Dude, I caught a clip of X-Play the other day. I didn't even realize that was X-Play until they were like, oh, that's Morgan Rep.
The guy that they have replacing Adam Sessler is a fucking tard.
I mean, seriously, he just sits there and is like, okay, what retarded thing can I say next?
Funny joke, hahaha, I'm funny.
And they're just like, what the fuck did that have to do with anything?
You know, it's like the male equivalent of the females that they had on Attack of the Show or something.
Alright.
And for all of you freaking people who like to suck Android's cock, I don't like Android. I've used it. I've given it a chance.
I hate Windows tablets even more.
iOS has what I want to do, and Wacom loves it. The end.
DarkSakura is an equal opportunity hater, you see. What is the old saying? She's a hater, and guess what she's gonna do?
I'm gonna hate!
Exactly.
Y'all can bite my tuchus.
Uh, BlackWolf in our chatroom says S3 greater than iPhone. You know it's hilarious.

You know it's hilarious. No, this is what's hilarious. iPhone 5 comes out, right?
My boyfriend, Alan, the day the iPhone 5 launches, he's had this old ass Blackberry. He has like one of the first Blackberries.
Only a long time ago. It was an old ass phone, right? He finally decides he's gonna join the current generation of phones.
So what does he do the day iPhone 5 launches? Goes and gets a Galaxy S3.
Bravo. Bravo. Wise choice. Keeper. He's a keeper.
Dan and I were having the discussion about it, and when he gets rid of his Nexus, he's going back to an iPhone.
But this is the reason why Alan is very loyal to his mobile phone company, T-Mobile, or as I call it, Tijuana Mobile.
Which apparently is treated him very well over the years, so he didn't want to, because they don't have the iPhone, so he wanted a Galaxy.
I love my iPhone 4S. I really do.
There's several people in chat going, Alan is awesome.
He could technically get a phone and then unlock it and have it, I think, work on that service, an iPhone.
I heard T-Mobile was actually doing, sorry, I'm eating crackers live on air. I heard T-Mobile was actually doing some type of advertising campaign targeting jailbroken iPhone users.
Because I have a, well, mine's not jailbroken, but it's, actually it's not even unlocked either, but I bought a phone, just a straight up phone that was a T-Mobile Galaxy S2.
You know, paid the premium price for it, but my monthly bill is 30 bucks for unlimited data, unlimited texting in 100 minutes, which I never use, and even if I did use those, I have apps to make calls over my data.
I'm actually not mad that Alan got the S3. I mean, you might think, oh, make him get the iPhone or whatever. The only thing, the reason why I like it is in a whole what's yours is mine kind of way when you get in a long-term relationship is that, let me play with that.
And he can do the same thing with my iPhone, right? He probably uses my iPad more than I do.
But the reason, the only thing I don't like about it is that because he's still on T-Mobile and I'm on AT&T, we don't get the free text messages, and we don't have the iMessage or anything like that, so that's the one thing I don't like.
I'm surprised he has to pay for text messaging, or do you get to pay for text?
I do.
Well, way to go. Great provider.
Well, because I have a cheap plan, even though I'm making fun of T-Mobile.
I have a cheap plan, 30 bucks a month.
Alright.
T-Mobile.
Moving on. Loki, you got a story.
Alright. Borderlands 2. There's kind of a terrible bug that's going around that will actually wipe out your, not necessarily achievement, but your badass ranks.
They don't know exactly what causes it, but the rumor around the forums is that it's from signing up on, I forget what fucking service it is.
It's a service that they have tied to the game, but you can get a key if you sign up with it.
And when you do that and go back into the game, it may possibly erase your stuff, you know, if you do it after you have everything unlocked.
So your badass rank goes away, all your, not really achievements, but your badass points that you can spend on different characters.
Because the way the badass points work is all of your characters that you have on your account actually can earn these badass points and you can spend them on any of your characters.
Or all of your characters. And then you get perks like, you know, plus 1% to your damage or something like that.
And it's spread across all your characters.
So they're right now trying to figure out what the deal is and why it's happening and asking people if it has happened to you that you submit your save and stuff so they can take a look at it.
And they're investigating.
Mm2k in our chat room wants to know, is that glitch on Xbox too?
Yes, it's all platforms.
Uh oh.
It's because it's tied to, it's not Premium Club, it's, fuck I forget what it's called.
They have it on the front page there. You can sign up for it.
And it's basically some additional content stuff that you can get and once you've signed up they give you one additional key.
So they have that.
Honestly, if it happens to you and it gets all fucked up, I mean, I think there's save it or not.
Throw a fit on the internet and threaten to kill people's families.
Does that work so well for other people?
Exactly. I think there's editors you can do because it's all in your GPD file on the Xbox 360 so you can mod that and actually give yourself a ton of badass points if you wanted to.
Not that anyone would do that, but you can.
And not only does it erase your badass points, it's basically everything that's tied to your account.
So all your skins and faces that you've unlocked, and that includes stuff that you've unlocked from story missions, are gone.
And some of those, there may be no way to get those back. So that kinda sucks.
Alright. Moving on to a Nintendo Direct conference that was held this week.
There was another one?
There was another one, but it was really only about one topic.
And it was about New Super Mario Bros. 2 and the DLC.
The Nintendo Direct was detailing the information about New Super Mario Bros. 2 DLC, which is a big deal because it's Nintendo, as in first party Nintendo's first foray into DLC, if I'm not mistaken.
Wow, they're not late to the party?
No. Well, you know what?
Considering some of the bullshit people pull with DLC sometimes, I think Nintendo is a-okay arriving late to this party.
But, you know, New Super Mario Bros. 2 is a pretty good game, so it's nice that they're enhancing it with a little something extra, and some of the levels that will be available.
GoGo as Gold Mario Pack. Three gold Mario themed courses up to 30,000 coins.
Challenge the Record A Pack. It will post the top scores on the game's website.
And Survival Panic Pack, an extra hard set of levels. Those will all be in the Coin Rush mode.
So, are they, like, legitimizing Asshole Mario? Because that's kind of awesome, if true.
October 2nd is when these will be out in Japan. 200 yen each. I don't know the release date for America, but I can't imagine it's far behind. And probably 200 space buck points, Nintendo points here.
Once again, like, this whole Nintendo wet dream thing that I have. You know, kind of crossing Nintendo, like, Mario with LittleBigPlanet. Can you imagine if they did that?
Like, first party Nintendo games, but like, you know, like a 16-bit Mario, 16-bit Zelda, in like a LittleBigPlanet setting where you design your own levels and games and shit.
Nintendo would never let that happen, because they would never want people to have that sort of control over their characters. Because people, like, if Mario, like, Mario Mario was in LittleBigPlanet, people would be building levels that's like, Mario goes to fuck a sheep and things like that. And Nintendo would never let that happen.
Well, no, it wouldn't necessarily be like that. It would be just like, um, you know, you design your own levels. Not necessarily like you design a giant penis. Although, you could probably build a penis at the time.
Mario sucks a penis. That would be a level that would get uploaded instantly.
Well, that's why there's peer review. They can label that stuff. I mean, come on. You can't just let a few people ruin a great idea. Because there's always gonna be some dude out there. I'm sure there are people that have dedicated their lives to, I'm gonna create a penis in this as soon as it comes out.
I think I have a rule about design. Now, I don't go to school for design, so I'm gonna have to run this by Dark Sakura. So, you ready? Tell me if this is a true statement or not.
This is a very zen statement. I've done this from playing a lot of Pandaria. Where there is design, there is penis.
No.
What do you mean no?
When there...
Where there are immature minds, there is penis.
And where isn't there immature minds?
Clearly not in the internet. The internet is quite mature. Thank you very much.
Think about it. I want you to go ask your teacher.
I heard this on an internet radio show. Where there is design, there is penis. What do you think?
He'd just roll his eyes and go, whatever.
That is so true, is what he'll say.
No, he'll roll his eyes. I know he would do it. And he'd just go, what?
Well, Jamie, let me show you about some of these designs I've been working on.
I've seen his art. It's amazing, but I have not seen penis in it.
Yet.
No.
Where there is design, there is penis.
No, I sense an art book possibility.
Okay, when I do the official OLR art book, there will be the page of penis.
Thank you!
It will be rated M.
There used to be a game we would play at Rocky, at Rocky Horror, where it was, guess who drew the penis.
And somebody would take her on a clipboard with a page and everybody would draw their own version of a penis on it.
And then you have to go around and vote who drew what penis.
And that was a game that occurred throughout the show.
We used to go to Denny's after playing Live Action Vampire. Yes, this was Mobile, Alabama. Shut up.
We would sit in the middle of Denny's and whoever said penis the loudest won.
Oh, that game.
Yeah, we would do that.
But I have to tell you, it wasn't Fry's when we got Dan's graphics card.
And on one of the monitors, someone had drawn a penis.
I took a picture of it.
There you go.
Do you have any other fanboy wank ideas, Loki?
No, that's it.
I would really dig a game with a level editor.
Anything from Nintendo. I mean, maybe not Ice Climber or something like that.
Mario Kart, Mario, Zelda. Not necessarily 3D Zelda, but like, you know, the cool Link to the Past stuff.
That'd be awesome.
Alright. Black Wolf says excite bike. Can you do a penis and excite bike? It would probably be very difficult.
No, because they have, you know, it's...
I'm uploading the picture of the penis to our website, by the way.
Well, I remember that you could draw things in excite bike based on letter.
Like, you would choose a letter and that would be the...
So you could technically make a corset with penis.
Yes, you could even do penis vagina and have that be a level.
So, think about it. Think about it. Or don't think about it.
SSJ100 Matt in chat says, alright, true story here.
When I was in school for graphic design, a classmate was pissed at my professor.
So in a final project, he put a very faint picture of his dick, very low opacity in Photoshop, in the project.
Everyone who knew it was there saw it, but the professor didn't.
The guy ended up getting a good grade on it and praised in class about it.
We have to say that you have very good form on your penis.
I uploaded the photo, by the way, of the fries penis on the Orange Elder Radio website.
Nobody cares. Alright.
It's got hairy balls.
Oh, hooray. Hooray.
I don't know why immature jokes are so funny tonight, but they are.
I've had a really crazy week. I had a headache all day long, so being able to laugh right now really helps.
Maybe some of your emails will make me laugh harder. Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send your emails every week.
Dark Soccer is going to dive into the email bag head first and pull out an email that she thinks, hey.




It's kind of sticky.
Good evening. I have to object to something Dark Soccer said on last week's OLR.
Well, too fucking bad, Skip. No, I'm kidding.
Last week, Dark Soccer called Dan's reference to the fake game, Nintendo's Michael Vick Edition, reprehensible.
I find this to be abhorrent.
How is Nintendo's Michael Vick Edition any worse than my fake game reference, Beaten Groovy, the Ike Turner Experience?

In fact, I bet if you thought about it for a minute, you could come up with several fake video game titles that are worse than that.
Britney's Dance, Beating Kids, Grandma's Left for Dead, Space Harriet Tubman, Dragon Age of Consent.
Ew!
Stay Black Entertainment Trainer.
That is a list list in development there.
Yeah, we're going to need to do that when you come back.
Most Unpolitically Correct Video Game.
Next email.
Most Unpolitically Correct Video Game I hope to see launched on the Xbox 720 or Xbox Lube or whatever.
Next email.
First, I know you, Rob, are pretty happy with the PlayStation Plus program.
I was able to get the Back to the Future Telltale series on sale with my three month welcome back enrollment, but I recently got the Journey collection when I tried to redeem the 30 day voucher.
The system let me know I needed a credit card on file to use it. Are you able to subscribe only using redemption cards?
That's a great question for Sony. I don't know.
I don't think so because it's auto renewing.
You could turn that off though. You could turn off the auto renewing.
You could turn off the auto renewing. They want you to, you know, the catch is they want you to do that.
The second question on here, I'm wondering why he's wanting to ask Loki.
Hold on though. Tip, get one of those pre-paid credit cards and then that's how you can kind of get around it if you're worried about the whole, you know, charging you over and over again or whatever.
Okay, I don't know why he's asking you this because it's about me and Rob.
Do Rob or Jamie collect any World of Warcraft toys such as the MacFarlane statues or the recent Mega Bloks minifigures?
Fuck if I know.
The answer is I don't. I wanted the Sylvanas figure. That was it because she's pretty hot for a dead chick.
Believe it or not, I don't have any of that stuff. The last like game figure I bought is that Balthier from Final Fantasy 12 because...
You did have the Final Fantasy 12 clock. No, the 11 o'clock.
You had the 11 o'clock.
That was a gift. I don't think I bought that.
Well, to finish reading, I don't really play the game myself, but I did get the Worgen Death Knight with Swift Griffin set because, hey, Worgen with a Griffin.
Keep having a good show, Robert M.
Now, here's where the chat room helps out in answering that question. Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I joined PlayStation Plus with wallet cards. I had $50 in my PlayStation wallet and it let me subscribe.
Tigerclaw says, I would just buy the PlayStation Network Plus cards, usually the three month ones since they are cheaper.
SGA 100 Matt says, the thing is that by law, they have to tell people that they can unsubscribe to the auto charge thing, of course.
So it sounds like you should be able to do it without a credit card based on what Bobby and Tigerclaw are saying.
So, yeah.
Next email. And by the way, I still want the Sylvanas figure just because it's freaking awesome.
So if anybody's doing some early Hanukkah shopping.
Sylvanas figure. Oh, Garris. Garris. I really want the Garris. Garris greater than Sylvanas. Just saying.
Yes, ma'am.
Or a plushie panda. Actually, I have a plushie panda.
Why not all three?
I have a plush panda. No, for real. Okay. I have to tell you a true story about me as a kid.
I had a brown bear that I've had since I was an infant. And when I was in fourth grade, my dad got rid of it and I was so pissed off.
So that year my mom got me a panda with a red ribbon around its neck.
And I've had that panda since I was in fourth grade to the point where the ribbon has stained the white fur underneath the ribbon.
True story.
Okay.
Greetings, OLR. It's your friendly neighborhood turtle.
Here's my review of Borderlands 2. Awesome for the PC.
My brother and I were playing it on his PS3 and graphically it seemed incredibly choppy, a little laggy with jaggies everywhere.
Then I played it on my gaming PC. Blood and ashes. It's incredible.
It's beautiful to look at the art. It's beautiful to look at the art that is involved.
The huge levels. The game improves upon the first in every way there is.
The voice acting is great. The dialogue is genius. The clap and claptrap doesn't make me want to shoot myself in the balls.
I highly recommend it.
What system is Loki playing the game on and has he played it on a gaming PC? Your loyal turtle in Philly?
Xbox 360. No I have not because I don't think my laptop can run it very well.
You'll wait until Steam sale anyway, right?
If my laptop doesn't run it then there's no reason for me to buy it.
No reason but it doesn't mean I won't do it.
Well I mean it'd have to get down to about the price that I bought. It was like 7 bucks for Portland State.
And that would be something I'd have to buy the game of the year edition. I wouldn't want to buy DLC twice and stuff like that.
Alright, shall we get into the FUs of the week then?
Let's shall.
That was the last email right?
Yes.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email for next week. And you should, dammit. I want to get more emails, dammit.
And you can read them.
Dammit.
Dammit.
Oh god please don't.
All this is bad.
Here is justice.
Here is punishment.
This is fucked up.
Um, my FU goes towards losing my mini purse that had my aluminum wallet in it, my ATM cards, cards plural, my license, and my house key, and the Wacom stylus that I bought from Raichan. Which I actually still need some kind of money for.
You weren't able to get that. You weren't able to get that and find that.
Gone.
I have, however, replaced my house key with a Hello Kitty house key. But I've lost my 18 year old Bats Maru keychain.
The one that I've had. It's metal. Actual metal. I've had it for years. I moved out here with it. It's gone.
Very sad about that.
But I do have a Hello Kitty house key.
That's black.
Um.
Yeah, just not please.
FU.
FU to the fucker that didn't turn it into Lost and Found.
Done.
Fucking the people that drift into other lanes.
Because it seems like all the time. Like driving here today there's like four or five of them. Like seriously, people pay the fuck attention to where you're driving.
Like texting or just plain stupid.
Urgh, I'm in another lane now.
I hate it.
My FU of the week goes to the killer headache I had not only last night but today. And headaches can be very disabling. Especially when you're really busy.
And I wonder if it's not a stress caused headache. FU to the fact that I've had a lot of stress.
I'm just very very very very very very very busy right now. Now granted, don't cry for me Argentina. I'm the one that signed up for all this stuff.
So you know I have no one to blame quote on quote about myself and I know they'll be great rewards but it's just. Oh my god.
So, um, FU to the fact that I had some drama come up while I was at Disneyland. It had nothing to do with Disneyland or work. It was all here back at home.
Um, nothing that you guys will be able to figure out but just like it's just irritating because that kind of stuff can put a little rain cloud over your trip.
However, everything happens for a reason. What is the kill that makes us stronger? La la la la la la la la. So whatever.
Why can't everything be perfect 24-7? Damn it. And easy. I like easy. Because I'm lazy.
Yes, also I had nothing to do with VOG. That's important. Thank you Bobby. If it had something to do with VOG you'd know.
Alright, moving on. A few more news stories for you guys and then twitter topics at twitter.com slash olr and the skype line. Hoping to hear from a lot of you tonight at 1-877-GAME-OLR or Orange Laundry Deal on skype. Loki.
So in part A we talked about how NBA Live 13 got cancelled because the game wasn't very good and they just needed more time.
Well, here's a game the EA released that, and you know we always talk about roster updates and make that kind of joke and stuff, but it literally was a roster update.
FIFA Soccer 13 for the Wii. They actually, there was an article that was run on Nintendo Gamer and apparently looking at the game.
And I guess Wayne Rooney, they've replaced him or I guess with one of Lionel Messi as one of the examples of just the simple changes in the game.
Basically the games are identical except for the cover star has been changed. The title is FIFA 13 now instead of FIFA 12.
They've done the roster updates and changed the uniforms and added I guess the clubs that they've updated and stuff in there.
Aside from that, the game is exactly the same. So that's kind of disappointing. I guess they figured that no one would notice.
I mean, put minimal effort into it.
Yes, so very interesting. And there was I guess a review on the official Nintendo Magazine UK that they were kind of talking about those as well.
And it's just funny.
Alright, and how much does this game cost an individual? 60 bucks?
I want to say it's not 60 bucks, it's 50 I think. 50 or 40. But yeah, it's still pretty full. It's not like a $20 game or something like that.
Which I think Pro Evo was actually a $20 game this year. So maybe you should hold off for Pro Evo because at least I know those are new.
It's just decent. It's bad. I mean, it's pretty blatant that they would do that.
Alright, let's go to this last story here which is about, and this is one of those things where I'm like please stop, don't, no.
This is what's going to ruin gaming for everybody. It's going to just kill the industry. Watch.
It's about Ubisoft. Ubisoft is apparently planning on some more free to play games for the marketplace. Now that in itself is not a bad thing.
But they also want to do $60 retail games that are filled with microtransactions. And yes I am going to use that word because it should invoke a negative reaction.
I also think it's incredibly funny that there's a picture of Unicron.
On this particular article, yeah. Ubisoft's Alian Martinez said, quote, there will be free to play on consoles, but in the future with games like Sleeping Dogs, we could see more opportunity for $60 games to learn from the free to play model.
The next generation will offer more and more item based content. This will benefit our game's profitability.
No it won't. When we start rejecting that bullshit. No, no, no, no, no, no.
Do not want.
Sleeping Dogs DLC is terrible. It was all basically just, hey, you've got, here's some XP for your character, level up a little faster.
And then some of them disguise, hey, here's a mission. We're gonna get some more money for free.
You know, if you find these 10 things, you get all these money, all these different monies.
And so yeah, that's not a good example of DLC. Also EA, very notable for charging for cheats.
One of the, one of the big negatives I had to say about Mass Effect was I did not like how you can buy with money those boxes to get you ahead in multiplayer. Like, you know, to basically cheat.
And I'm sure those things sell like crazy. FIFA and FIFA's got, you know, the whole ultimate thing.
I actually did buy like two packs so that I wouldn't start off.
Well, I mean, to be honest, I had already had all the points on there because I had just put way too many points on there for buying the, um, the DLC for, uh, the other stuff.
Don't encourage them.
So I bought like two packs, but anyway.
Well, that's two packs more than they would have sold if they didn't offer those packs. So yeah, I don't see a downside for them.
People are going to go, oh, those are terrible. Why are you doing? It's going to ruin the industry. And then people buy them.
So that's why there's DLC in those games. The free to play stuff is because people are dumb enough to buy them.
I don't, and I've talked about this a lot on Horde House. I still do not understand the whole $25 for a mount. People pay $25 for a mount.
Never have done that.
That's too much. I know lots of people that have done it. Lots of very reasonable, smart people that do it.
And hey, you know what? It's your money. Spend it on whatever you want, I suppose. But I just don't, like the price of the expansion was $40.
Two mounts is more expensive than the expansion. I don't get that logic at all.
The only stuff I've ever bought through the Blizzard Marketplace was the charity pet. No, there were two charity pets and that's it. That's all I bought.
I like that. There's a comment on the story here. Basically they coined the phrase pay to pay. So that's what we're going to call these games. Pay to pay games.
Pay to pay games. I like that. And I think these should be called out. And I think it's very important that as we review and screen these games in the industry, we call this bullshit out.
You know? Saints Row the Third, perfect example of DLC gone wrong. If it's locked in the game, if it's like locked costumes in the game, not additional stuff that they, hey we made this new character class or something like that, that's just, it's bullshit.
You shouldn't have to pay for that stuff. And yes I understand you don't have to pay for it, but it's still the fact that they're offering pieces of the game that you bought, but oh technically a license so they can yank all that stuff away whenever they want.
And don't get me started on the fact that pay to unlock is still a thing. Like all these years later, pay to unlock is still a thing. Like really? Really?
I guess that's it for the news that we had slated tonight. We are going to go to the Skype line. The Skype line is open right now. 1-877-GAME-OLR or our user name on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. We will start taking calls here. Go ahead and give us a call.
You can talk about anything we've discussed tonight or maybe there's something else going on in gaming that you want to talk about. That is just fine as well.
Meanwhile we'll also go to our Twitters at Twitter.com slash OLR and read some of those. And also, Loki you'll probably have some last minute news right?
Noooo.
You don't have last minute news tonight.
No I don't have any last minute news.
Oh my gosh. Alright well I know there's some Twitter topics, but let's go to the phones. Hi on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Legend of Zaku here.
Hey, what's up?
Nothing much. Just relaxing on a Sunday night before heading off to bed. Trying to get in one call.
But yeah, I just wanted to bring up a little bit of a Minecraft article I ran into last week where the creator, Notch, he put out an article saying that he wasn't going to certify the app for Windows 8.
We did talk about this in part A, just so you know, but what are your thoughts on it?
So I don't know, I'm kind of puzzling the fact that even though he's already put out the app for iOS and Xbox Live Arcade, two pretty much walled garden platforms, and yet he's having a fit with Microsoft again.
So in other words, it's like the pot calling the kettle back. I just find it odd that he's complaining about one platform even though he's taking the ass rape of two others. They're just the same.
Did you say the pot calling the kettle back?
Yeah, it's hypocrisy in the sense that he gripes about Microsoft, about Windows 8, and I can understand the whole tablet aspect is pretty much locked down because it's a different platform.
Hey kettle, this is pot. Looks like I missed you again, so if you'd call me back, I'd be great.
Stop being rude, Rob.
Again, this is pot. That's P-O-T.
It's Zaku.
Did you say black or back?
Back. The pot calling the kettle back.
It's the pot calling the kettle black. The phrase.
The saying is usually the pot calling the kettle black, but that's okay.
Alright, yeah, it's one L, but you get the idea. It's him just having a gripe about one ARM platform, which is basically what he's complaining about Windows 8 RT, which is the new tablets that are locked down that are going to run on Windows 8, even though he's already got an app running on iOS on the same hardware, on the same hardware on Apple.
So, in other words, he's basically subjecting himself to one form of asteroid block complaining about another. That's pretty much what it is.
Well, the platform, the iOS platform is not really closed. I mean, you can pretty much make whatever you want for it.
What was that?
I said the iOS platform is not really closed. I mean, they have a peer review process and stuff like that.
Unless you're Google.
You have a different set of rules than Google.
Apple is the only one that authorizes the installation of apps through their store and final approval on all apps.
Here's something that was brought up earlier I'm curious about your thoughts on is that Notch didn't really make Minecraft for the 360 either. He contracted or somebody bought the rights to it.
He didn't really do it for the 360. Somebody else did. So is he really supporting the closed platform?
I guess in the sense that he's representing the brand. He's representing the game itself.
The fact that I don't think it's not as relevant, the fact that he contracted, he farmed out the port of Minecraft to another platform.
But in the end of the day, it's still his game that it just went beyond PC. It went beyond like a simple Java app to something that's running on multiple platforms on multiple languages.
Most importantly, as I said, I guess he has it out for Microsoft even though he basically approved a version running on Xbox Live Arcade.
And that's where I see the hypocrisy. You basically greenlit Xbox Live Arcade and the iOS and mobile versions, yet you're basically complaining about Windows.
And I don't see where it adds up. I don't.
Alright. Well anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Let me see. This just came in to Kotaku today. 38 Studios, a company that Curt Schilling funded for his ill-fated RPG, won't be facing federal charges.
So in other words, he's basically off the hook from the feds, even though the state of Rhode Island is probably on the hook for the money they shelled out for having to fund that project.
And it goes to show that there's an ugly side to the video game industry where you have people that shouldn't be at points where making these critical decisions about the project itself.
From what I'm hearing, Curt Schilling just hired a bunch of his guildmates to advise him on how to create the game.
Don't ever hire your WoW guildies to create games for you, or really to do any professional project for you.
Exactly. That's it. At the end of the day, people, not just taxpayers are getting screwed, but the families of the folks who work their asses off at the studios trying on something that they really believed in, only to get screwed over by management for their decisions.
And none of them have been held accountable in that sense. They walk away, wipe their hands, and they move on to the next disaster.
Do you want them to be dragged in front of Judge Judy and have to answer?
People's Court would have been better, but I'm not surprised that there will be lawsuits over this. Curt Schilling, he's in the clear from Uncle Sam, but in terms of the civil matters, they're on their way.
One can only imagine a lot of creditors and a lot of people are just going to gang up on him for lost wages, the fact that he wasn't making payroll.
So he's pretty much not clear from his legal liabilities. So he's better off lowering up in the near future again.
Alright, Zach, I gotta let you go to take more calls, but thank you very much. Take care. Have a good night. Bye.
1877 Game OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to call. Just missed one. Sometimes people will call and wait and hope to get through. I just missed it. Sorry about that.
Alright. Also, I pinged out a chat during that whole thing. You might have pinged out for like, oh man, that pisses me off. I didn't get to see the comments and chat to the call me back comment.
I do see one from Act Deaf that says, this is crazy and I just met you, but call me back.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
What up, guys? It's Zeno from the OKC. How you guys doing?
Geez, Zenocor. Haven't heard from you in a while. How you doing?
Well, you know, staying employed. Same old, same old.
That's a good thing. What's on your mind, buddy?
I've been playing a bit of PlanetSide 2, actually.
Ooh, alright. How's that going for you?
Well, they definitely beat the hell out of their artists on this one because they really stepped it up on this. Now, every single base is different, tons of weapons, tons of customization, and the game is going to be free on release. So why not?
Wait, this is a totally free game?
Yeah, it's going to be free-to-play with microtransactions like all the other free-to-play games now.
Oh, of course, of course. That's how things are going.
Wait, did you hear that article we did just before the calls on Ubisoft's comment on the $60 games learning from the free-to-play model?
Well, you know, Ubisoft's got Ubisoft. I'll wait until I see it with anything they do.
Mm-hmm. I did not realize that PlanetSide was originally 2003, the first one. That's really old.
Yeah, I saw it when it was in the making, the E3 2001 when I went.

And it looked damn good then. You know, just the playability and everything else. And the game survived for like, what, five, six years after it got released?

And then here they are rebooting and they managed to step it up. They got at least three years with the development of this one based off what it looks like.
Is the game already out or are you in the beta testing thing?
It's closed beta right now.
Ah, okay, I gotcha.
But you can buy your way in. You'll get the cash value in station points, you know, that they use throughout all their games.
And then you're in the closed beta playing the game functionally right now.
So what is it that draws you to PlanetSide? Because, you know, this isn't an MMO I hear about every day. What is it that draws you to this game versus...
Wait a minute, weren't you a EVE Online player too?
Yeah, I played EVE Online briefly. I played the first PlanetSide, I played Earth and Beyond, I played a whole bunch of them myself.
You know, I notice a lot of these happen to be sci-fi planet-y space games. Is that a thing?
Well, it's one of my things, yeah.
Okay. Well, no, I think that's cool. I just noticed that little trend going on there. Well, what is it about PlanetSide specifically that draws you to that series?
It's more like a full military exercise than it is just a first-person shooter. It encompasses not just vehicles, armored vehicles, but logistics.
Some strategy, you know, actual rewarding of leadership. If people are actually doing a decent job leading a unit, they get rewarded for it.
Then, you know, I somewhat flash back a bit to my days in the Air Force. I can actually use some of the stuff I learned doing air support.
Now, if only half the kids understood what the hell I was saying over the radio, then it'd be a little bit more efficient.
I'm trying to do my research real quick here on PlanetSide 2, and I'm looking at the Wikipedia article, and I gotta say, I'm fascinated by this. I had no idea.
Apparently, the Sony Online Entertainment president, John Smedley, he posted to his live journal that the sequel's title was PlanetSide Next, which was the working title at one point in 2009.
Dude, the president of Sony Online Entertainment has a live journal?
I think he's depressed.
Hey, wait a minute. I have a live journal. You shut up.
He just recently posted to it, too. August 11th, 2012. That's more recent of an entry than like 99% of my friends' page, including me.
PlanetSide 2, what is it, and why do I want to play it?
PlanetSide 2 is a massively multiplayer first-person shooter game made by SOE. The game is played in a gigantic open world with up to 2,000 other players on a single continent.
When we say it's massively multiplayer, we're not talking about a bunch of instances like other games.
All 2,000 people are literally playing together and fighting in massive battles that aren't forced into tiny little arenas like other FPS games.
Each player chooses to play on one of three empires. It takes place in the distant future, and each empire has a unique play style.
Probably the closest comparison would be a game like Starcraft 2, where each of the different races has a very unique play style and feel to it. Interesting.
I'm just kind of reading through some of the live journal entry. It's a very interesting way to put up your press releases.
Plus, now they have plenty of YouTube footage as well.
Good to know. Good to know.
Well, any other games that you're looking forward to through this holiday season?
Well, not really, because I seem to have nabbed the majority of the ones for this year, like FTL and Dark Souls on PC. I'm really loving FTL. That game is freaking amazing.
And Dark Souls, oh my gosh, that game is ruthless.
I know, as all games should be. This namby-pamby, you know, you leveled twice, so you win. Bullcrap. Figure the game out and beat it the old-fashioned way with brute strength.
You press the button in time with the music. You win an internet.
Yeah, exactly. Screw that.
Alright, Xenocore, anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Nah, that's pretty much it. Y'all have a good show.
You too, buddy. Take care. Don't be a stranger.
Alright, later.
Well, let's go to the phones and see who else might be calling us tonight. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn Radio. Who's this?

Hey, Shane. How you doing?

Did you have fun on the live Hoard House this week?
No, I was too distracted playing WoW.
Aww. How's WoW going for you?
I can't stop doing pet battles right now, which I told myself I wouldn't do until I got to 90, so I, you know, kept my promise to myself and now I'm not going to do anything else, ever.
What level is your main pet?
I keep rotating all of them out. I'm getting everybody through level 5 right now and I've got like almost 100 pets.
What is the name? Oh my. You've leveled all of your pets to 5?
I'm starting to. I've got maybe about 10 of them done.
What do you name your pets? Do you custom name all your pets?
No, but I've named most of them after Pokemon.
I've named mine after Mass Effect characters. Mine are better.
No, why would I name an animal a Mass Effect character?
It doesn't make sense.
I named one of mine after one of Rob's old characters.
You named your dog Helo?
Yes, but that's adorable.
Rob, did I tell you? I actually named one of my pets after your old Final Fantasy XI character.
Which one? I had a few.
Cuddles.
I named my hyjal cub Cuddles.
What was Shane's? Shane had a cute character name too. It was like...
Fluffles.
Fluffles. That was it.
Well, maybe I'll name one of my kittens Fluffles.
Alright, there you go. Shane, would that be happy for you?
That'd be okay.
Shane, what did you call in to talk about tonight?
I picked up, because it was free, DJ Max Ray on iOS and it's amazing.
Apps are freaking lutely amazing.
Dark Sakura immediately picked up her iPad and started going into the app store.
You should have seen that. The minute those words left your mouth, she's like,
shit, picked up her iPad.
Stop judging me.
What was that?
I told Rob to stop judging me.
I'm judging you, Rob, for not downloading it still, even though I tell you every day to.
I had a headache.
That is a stupid, stupid reason not to download it.
I've been leveling my character.
It's not showing on, I just have DJ Max only.
I think you have to do DJ Space Max, right?
Is it D Space? Whatever.
I think I put DJ Space Max, but technically it's not, but it was like number six on the list of things that found.
It didn't make any sense to me.
Like it picked up Rerave first, which is, you know, made by the In The Groove people.
Rerave's not bad.
No, it's not. I'm not saying it is, but DJ Max is better.
Oh, because I was looking under iPad apps instead of iPhone apps.
Yeah, I think it just stretches, but it's still supposed to be really playable on the iPad, but it's just so freaking good.
Like I'm supposed to write a review, I think, for it, and I can't quit playing that as well.
So, by the way, we can judge Rob because he's buying it now too.
I don't want to get yelled at again.
I am not buying this game.
Good job. Don't buy it. Don't give in to him. He's a jerk.
It's free unless you want the song packs, and you can get a pretty good deal, like $10 for all the song packs that are currently out, and then you get some extra note skin.
What's this groove catch with a little anime chick on it?
I don't know. It sounds stupid. Get DJ Max.
With the little anime chick, she commands me.
The anime chick wants a dollar. Don't buy it, Rob. Don't give in to the...
I don't see DJ Max. I seriously don't. Oh, because I'm only looking at iPad apps. Hello.
I just told... Shane, didn't I just say that I had to look under iPhone?
Yeah.
I don't listen to her. How many years has it been?
Rob?
Okay, I got it. DJ Max Ray, right?
Yeah.
Why does it keep telling me the terms and conditions have changed?
Well, did you know the terms and conditions have changed?
Yes, and I agree three times.
The rules have changed.
I don't want to read all 42 pages of this fucker.
Make sure to create an account too. It takes like two seconds. You just have to come up with a username and password because there's a lot of syncing issues that are going on with it right now where you might lose your data otherwise, and that really sucks if you do that.
I'll have to download it later.
I don't understand. I'm getting this pop-up box on my iPad that says...
It's doing the same thing to me.
...the terms and conditions have changed. I haven't heard that that's happened.
The conditions have changed!
I don't want to read all 42 pages of this.
There is some kind of dumb over there right now.
Shut up, Rob.
Thank God it hasn't drifted this way.
You guys might need to leave the room Rob is in so you don't catch it.
By the way, Shane, I did get a particular Mass Effect name that I wanted and Rob said I couldn't get it.
Oh yeah, the Jane Shepherd.
Yep, I saw that was kind of surprising.
I was actually a little surprised too.
I wonder how many German Shepherds out there are named Commander.
Call it Shepherd Commander.
Oh, Alan is yelling from the other room. That is actually a thing.
It won't let me download it because I can't get past that stupid pop-up box.
That's what it did to me. I'm going to try it on my phone.
Do you have fingers? Because usually that's all it takes.
You have sold me on the Wonders of the Eye awesome platform.
I am a believer now.
Wow, I can't find the title that I'm looking for.
Oh, and I have to agree to these change conditions.
And I can't shut down my iPad.
Wow, this is so much better than the Android marketplace that, you know, works.
Shut up. No one asked you.
I'm actually trying it on my phone.
Ray Deer in our chat room says it's Tap Sonic but you don't have to pay for every play or have a constant connection.
That's exactly right. And it's got, well I mean it's all real DJ Maxx music, not random K-pop or Sara Bareilles or Hilary Duff randomly.
Wait, does it have Gangnam Style?
No, it's freaking DJ Maxx.
Okay, so it's actually doing the same thing on the phone.
So I think it's that app.
Well, I don't know why it's not working for you guys.
It's fine. Alright, what else did you want to talk about tonight?
I was mostly going to talk about DJ Maxx and then some stupidity happened and so...
Well, was there anything else you wanted to say about DJ Maxx?
That you didn't get out there?
Yes, it is very much worth at least the free download because you get four songs and they each have, doing the math, nine charts.
And then you can unlock through some missions a fifth hidden song which also has nine charts so it's a lot of replayability.
And then there are, I want to say, five more packs of songs that you can get.
So it's got a lot of content for what comes out to be $10 at the moment.
So it's really, really good and everybody should get it that can.
Yeah, if my Apple iPad will let me download it, I'll be happy to try it.
Alright, sounds good and I'm still pet battling and Pokemon is this week and I cannot wait because I'll get it either tomorrow or Tuesday.
Well, you're just going to be the happiest person ever. It's like Christmas for you.
I know, this week is great.
Well, congratulations.
Now all we need is the new DLC and it's extra special.
I wish I was having a good week. Alright, well Shane, I'm going to let you go so we can end the show.
Alright, go end it. Bye.
Alright, let me, oh, I've got to go back to the iPad to bring up Twitter.
Thanks to all those that called in tonight. If you didn't get through, tough. Try again next week.
Or send us an email with your thoughts. 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Orange Riot wanted to point out in the chat room about DJ Max, it's key sounded and that is pretty important as well.
It's not just something you just tap randomly in time to the music like some other apps that are out there.
It actually does have the key sounds in it. That can really kind of change a music game for the better, I think.
It might make your playing for the worse, but for the better.
Tigerclaw was the only one to really send us any tweets tonight and he sent us some tweets about this one.
First one, a story from GameSpot about Lego is aware of brand saturation fears.
I didn't know that there were brand saturation fears around Lego, but I guess maybe too many Lego games coming out? I don't know.
There are quite a few, two this year. I think two, is there two last year?
Lego Harry Potter 2 last year and Lego Star Wars last year. Yeah, they've been having about two games a year.
Lego Lord of the Rings is this year. Actually three if you include that Lego City Stories.
Lego City Undercover is April 2013 for Wii U, so lots of Lego stuff.
And they already have Lego Batman 2.
Let's see, Daryl Kelly said in an interview to GameSpot, each new game adds something different to the series.
Quote, I think any developer, any publisher, or toy manufacturer would always look at brand saturation from an acute strategic and competitive point of view.
And it's important that we're adding novelty to each and every game.
There's always something new, there's always something different, we're always looking to add different layers.
Whether it's a feature or a function or it's new hardware, which will have the luxury of having over the next few years.
So it's definitely always a concern and it's just important to maintain a healthy balance.
Of fruits and vegetables.
Alright, let me see, I saw one other tweet from Tigerclaw here.
And it has to do with Atsushi Inaba on Platinum Games.
And the quote he pulled there is, you run the company like you're in danger of starving.
I guess this has to do with kind of the high stress nature of running a game company.
Let's see, this was a quote in Edge Online in the magazine E246.
Quote, I don't know if it's right to say we're lean per se, but I do think an important thing for an independent developer like us is to be on the edge of starving.
I mean you run the company like you're in danger of starving the whole time and it's the right way to do it.
They're saying when Platinum Games started in 2006 it had 50 staff, six years it had 200 if you counted the contractors.
Wow.
The Platinum directors also made a slight dig at their previous employer Capcom.
The company made great hay of the fact it had a team of 600 people working on Resident Evil 6 for periods of its development.
But Hideki Kamiya is dismissive of such large projects.
Quote, I heard that there were a huge amount of people working on Devil May Cry 4, just an enormous amount of people.
Didn't help them, did it?
Oh snap.
Again that comment from an article on EdgeOnline.com sent to us via Twitter by TigerClaw.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
Any last minute stories that came up while those calls were going on?
Uh, no I didn't see anything that stood out.
Not much has been going on this week.
Left 4 Dead sells 12 million. Cool.
Alright, well that tangs us to the end of the show.
A little bit shorter of a show tonight, but hey sometimes you have busy news weeks, sometimes you don't.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought before we close out Shop for Tonight.
Dark Sakura, thank you for being here as always.
I have a choice and I choose O-L-R.
I choose O-L-R.
But not next week. Next week you choose the gays at Disneyland over O-L-R.
Yes, I choose the gay.
And I'm not going this year. It's kind of sad.
I choose a lot of gay.
Send me pictures.
The Sea of Red.
Have fun. Your final thought tonight?
I'm actually going to wear my O-L-R shirt.
Oh wait, that's right you didn't get the vog one this time.
I have my red and black O-L-R shirt that Kristen and I had way back when.
Very cool.
Because I have hit my first goal. I have lost 10 pounds before going to Disneyland.
Congrats.
So my message is actually very important.
Span, neuter your cats.
Thank you Bob Barker.
Did he not say that at the end of every episode of The Price is Right?
I didn't really watch a whole lot of The Price is Right.
Poor soul. It's a great show.
I did back in the 80s.
I didn't remember because I didn't care.
But seriously, rescue a cat. Everyone go out and rescue a cat.
Unless you're allergic to cats.
Then take some Benadryl.
Rescue a dog.
Alright, Loki your final thought?
I never rescued enough cats.
I had 11 at one time.
That's a lot of cats.
Then I didn't feed them and then they went away. At least I think they did.
I think they're waiting in the shadows.
Waiting to hunt me down.
My final thought is Christmas cannot get here soon enough or Hanukkah or whatever, winter or December.
Because I am waiting for Peppermint Pinkberry to come back.
I am craving some Peppermint Pinkberry.
We need to go get some Pinkberry tonight.
It's really good. I just had Pinkberry last night.
I don't care. Let's go get some.
Alright, that's it. That does it for another episode of Orange Lawns Radio tonight.
Thank you guys as always for supporting independent radio.
Hey, if you liked Orange Lawns Radio, don't forget to tell a friend or two about the show.
Word of mouth is all we have to promote ourselves.
We'll be back next week with more of Orange Lawns Radio.
Ooh, I believe podcast award nominations open up this week.
So, for your consideration.
Alright, there you go.
That's it. Have a great week everybody.
We'll see you next week. Same bat time, same bat channel.
Without Dark Sakura.
But another super villain will be taking her place.
We'll see you next week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VoGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VoGnetwork.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music
